Remember, the rabbit relies on you for their well-being, so take care.
Remember, the river can be unpredictable, so be cautious.
Remember, the stove is hot. Be careful!
Remember, the well can be harmful, so stay away.
Remember, the well is off-limits.
Remember, the well is risky, so keep your distance.
Remember, the world wasn't made just for you.
Remember, there will always be another chance!
Remember, there'll always be another chance!
Remember, this is top secret.
Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Remember, turn off the lights when you leave the room.
Remember, turning off the lights saves energy.
Remember, wasting energy by leaving the lights on is not good for our planet or our wallets.
Remember, we don't talk to people we don't know, okay?
Remember, we save money by turning off the lights.
Remember, we should conserve energy, so please turn off the lights when you're finished.
Remember, we should keep our environment clean and litter-free.
Remember, we use tissues to clean our noses, not our fingers.
Remember, we use tissues, not our fingers, to clean our noses.
Remember, what may seem harmless to you can deeply offend someone else's beliefs or values.
Remember, when you're done, turn off the water.
Remember, you can always ask for help if you're stuck.
Remember, you can help others by donating your books.
Remember, you can only write on a CD-R once.
Remember, you can't believe everything you read on the Internet.
Remember, you need to charge your laptop regularly.
Remember, you promised.
Remember, you should always flush after using the toilet.
Remember, you should wash your hands before handling food.
Remember, you should wash your hands with soap.
Remember, you will never set foot here again.
Remember, you're allowed to pick any biscuit as your favourite, as long as it's Gingersnap.
Remember, you're pregnant.
Remember, you're responsible for your little brother's safety.
Remember, you're the big brother, so keep an eye on your little sibling.
Remember, your Kabyle!
Remember, your brother is counting on you to be his guardian.
Remember, your guinea pig relies on you for its well-being.
Remember, your vote is private.
Remember.
Remember: Spider-Man is not afraid of anyone. Well, maybe just of Slipper-Man.
Remember?
Remembering is more satisfying than forgetting.
Remembering it depressed me.
Remembering that these phrases are useful for conversation.
Remembering to take medications can be challenging for some people.
Remembering to take medications can be challenging for some people. But one day an implant may replace medications that need to be taken orally in certain cases.
Remembering when I dreamed in your arms.
Remembering when I dreamt in your arms.
Remembrance Day is observed on November 11.
Remembrance Day is on November 11.
Remembrance Day marks the end of World War One.
Remembrance Sunday in the UK takes place on the Sunday nearest 11 November.
Remind Tom to call his cardiologist.
Remind Tom to get a second opinion.
Remind Tom to take his medicine.
Remind Tom what his duty is.
Remind everyone how awesome you are.
Remind him that the world does not revolve around him.
Remind him to come home early.
Remind me about my medicine or I'll forget.
Remind me about my remedy or I might forget.
Remind me again tomorrow.
Remind me again what we've been discussing up to now?
Remind me again, how do I do this?
Remind me again, how do we do this?
Remind me if I forget.
Remind me if you notice I'm forgetting.
Remind me later.
Remind me never to do that again.
Remind me never to do this again.
Remind me not to do that ever again.
Remind me not to do this again.
Remind me of my medication lest I forget.
Remind me of the rules.
Remind me that I have to go to the doctor tomorrow.
Remind me that the meeting is on Monday.
Remind me that there is a meeting on Monday.
Remind me to buy some eggs next time I am at the store.
Remind me to call Tom tomorrow.
Remind me to call Tom tonight.
Remind me to feed the cat when I get home.
Remind me to give this to Tom.
Remind me to give this to her.
Remind me to give this to him.
Remind me to give this to them.
Remind me to make a dentist's appointment.
Remind me to never do that again.
Remind me to never ever do that again.
Remind me to never hang out with you.
Remind me to send another email.
Remind me to send them flowers.
Remind me to stop by the supermarket on the way home.
Remind me to take my medicine.
Remind me to talk to Tom.
Remind me to tell Tom to call Mary.
Remind me to thank Mary the next time I see her.
Remind me to thank Tom and Mary the next time I see them.
Remind me to thank Tom the next time I see him.
Remind me tomorrow.
Remind me what the rules are.
Remind me what time the concert starts.
Remind me why exactly I should care about what you have to say.
Remind yourself and others to stay on topic and not change the subject.
Remind yourself that everything will be okay.
Remind yourself that you can do this.
Remington spent several months in Havana.
Remington was a cowboy for only two years.
Remittances from about 300,000 Comorans contribute about 25% of the country's GDP.
Remorse is consuming him.
Remorse is impotence, impotence which sins again. Repentance alone is powerful; it ends all.
Remorse is not synonymous with expression of grief.
Remorse is not synonymous with regret.
Remorse is the echo of a lost virtue.
Remorse overwhelmed Layla.
Remorse will serve us no purpose.
Remorse will serve you all no purpose.
Remorse will serve you no purpose.
Remote forest clearings turn out to be great places for raves.
Remoteness creates beauty.
Remoteness isn't measured in distance.
Remove all the nouns from the text.
Remove all wet clothing or you'll catch pneumonia.
Remove any dead wood or flowers.
Remove any scum that comes to the water surface.
Remove battery from smoke detector.
Remove damaged posts and replace them with new ones.
Remove everything that has no relevance to the story. If you say in the first chapter that there is a rifle hanging on the wall, in the second or third chapter it absolutely must go off. If it's not going to be fired, it shouldn't be hanging there.
Remove from sorting.
Remove from the heat, add the butter, and leave to cool.
Remove it from there.
Remove that damaged vehicle.
Remove that jacket.
Remove that totaled vehicle.
Remove that windshield scratch first.
Remove the bandage.
Remove the battery.
Remove the beaters from the mixer before you lick them.
Remove the bike from the sidewalk!
Remove the broken posts and replace them with sturdy ones.
Remove the camera now! I almost broke my hand colliding with it.
Remove the cap from the ink refill bottle, fill the dropper with ink, and drip an appropriate amount onto the marker's core.
Remove the cap from the ink refill bottle, fill the dropper with ink, and drip an appropriate amount onto the marker’s core.
Remove the chicken's giblets before cooking.
Remove the chicken’s giblets before cooking.
Remove the cordon.
Remove the countries that are not participating.
Remove the dust from your garments.
Remove the fridge's crisper drawers and clean them out regularly.
Remove the hair with a razor blade.
Remove the handcuffs from Tom.
Remove the lamp from the table.
Remove the loose button carefully.
Remove the lower-most background layer.
Remove the muffins from the tin and leave them to cool.
Remove the pee immediately.
Remove the pips and stem.
Remove the pizza from packaging before baking.
Remove the price tags before wrapping your presents.
Remove the pulp from the grapefruits and oranges in the manner previously explained.
Remove the screw and the lampshade.
Remove the tab at the beginning. The line should not be indented.
Remove the tourniquet.
Remove these ideas from your life.
Remove these ivy vines.
Remove unnecessary words!
Remove your blindfold.
Remove your coat and empty your pockets.
Remove your filthy hands from my face.
Remove your foot from there.
Remove your hat when you go inside.
Remove your hat.
Remove your hats.
Remove your headscarf now !
Remove your shirt and lie down.
Remove your shoes in a Japanese house.
Remove your toes from there.
Removing her bikini top, yet keeping her bathing shorts on, Mary enjoyed the warmth of the sun, delighted that lying on the beach topless was accepted as normal and that no one was staring at her or at the other sun worshippers there.
Removing ivy from a fence is pretty daunting.
Removing nuisance and invasive species will let the growing corals avoid expending energy competing for reef space.
Removing the character limit for tweets would kill its raison d'être.
Removing this ivy could take some time.
Renaissance artists were fascinated by Classical antiquity.
Renaissance artists were fascinated by Classical art.
Renaissance comedies are staged in the town square.
Renal failure leads to disturbed water homoeostasis.
Renault built a factory in Algeria.
Renault has a factory in Algeria.
Render good for evil.
Render that which is Caesar's to Caesar, and that which is God's to God.
Render that which is Caesar’s to Caesar, and that which is God’s to God.
Render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's.
Rene always had that spark about her.
Renewable energies are finding an interest in Algeria.
Renewable energies are unstoppable in Algeria.
Renewable energies is an emerging sector in Algeria.
Renewable energy and deep-sea mining also offer opportunities for investment.
Renewable energy is essential for limiting the increase of the global temperature.
Renewable energy is getting cheaper all the time.
Renewable energy is still evolving, so many people still swear by fossil fuels.
Renewable energy provides a safer alternative to coal.
Renewable energy refers to an energy source that cannot be exhausted.
Renewable energy sources are becoming cheaper and more efficient all the time.
Renewables are getting cheaper all the time.
Renmei is waiting for Xueyou in the dorm.
Renowned Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli is giving a ‘Music for Hope’ solo performance Sunday (April 12) at the Duomo, the historic cathedral of Milan, Italy.
Renowned actor Chanchal Chowdhury is playing the role of Mrinal Sen in the movie.
Renowned physicist and cosmologist Stephen Hawking and Russian internet investor and physicist Yuri Milner recently announced an ambitious new project they hope will someday send thousands of tiny spacecraft to the stars to explore space and search for life in the universe.
Renowned singer/songwriter Dolly Parton’s Imagination Library is a book gifting program that mails free, high-quality books to children from birth until they begin school, no matter their family’s income.
Renowned Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli gave a solo performance on Easter Sunday at the Duomo, the historic cathedral of Milan, Italy.
Rent control limits the rent that a landlord can charge for an apartment.
Rent has increased 61 percent over the past 18 years, but incomes for younger Americans have only gone up 31 percent.
Rent in Boston is expensive.
Rent in Boston is too expensive.
Rent is cheap here.
Rent is expensive here.
Rent is extortion.
Rent is getting higher.
Rent is highway robbery.
Rent is theft.
Renters are feeling the squeeze because the COVID-19 pandemic caused supply chain issues, slowing down home building in the United States.
Renting a car was the best option.
Renting an apartment can be a challenge for new college graduates who are facing the hottest U.S. rental market in a decade, along with some unexpected competition from millennials — people aged 24 to 40 — and even baby boomers — the over-57 club.
Renting an apartment can be a challenge for new college graduates.
Renting an apartment in Kabylie won't cost you an arm and a leg.
Renting an apartment isn't so fucking expensive because of the gas prices, but because of the millionaires who are using the houses as investments. You barely can afford a little shithole you can call home, and you can't find anything cheaper in the market, while thousands or even hundreds of thousands of apartments are still empty and already owned by fucking rich people.
Renting an office in the middle of Boston costs a lot.
Renting proves to be a more flexible option for those enjoying a dynamic and rich lifestyle.
Rents are even higher here than they are in Boston.
Rents are going up.
Rents are high in this area.
Rents are likely to go up.
Rents are likely to rise.
Rents are soaring in Algiers.
Rents have risen sharply in recent years.
Rents in the city centre are prohibitively expensive.
Rents will go up next month.
RenÃ©’s fingers are caught in the door.
René Descartes is the father of analytical thinking.
René's fingers are caught in the door.
Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
Repair the clock.
Repair the tap in the kitchen.
Repairing a broken radio I realise over again that I don't have an understanding of the operating principles of circuitry.
Repairing a broken radio I realise over again that I don’t have an understanding of the operating principles of circuitry.
Repairing your windshield professionally might be super expensive.
Repairs will be made free of charge.
Repairs will cost a lot of money.
Reparations for slavery are only fair because the money that was extracted from the unpaid labor of slaves was passed down through the generations.
Repatriation flights are helping Australians who have been trapped overseas.
Repay your sins with your life.
Repaying debt leaves less money available for investment in new factories or infrastructure that could increase productivity and create jobs.
Repeat a lie often enough, and it becomes the truth.
Repeat after him.
Repeat after me.
Repeat each sentence after me.
Repeat it again.
Repeat it to me.
Repeat it, please.
Repeat it.
Repeat that one more time.
Repeat that, please.
Repeat the question.
Repeat the shahada after me.
Repeat the word.
Repeat this exercise five times.
Repeat this song.
Repeat what I have just told you.
Repeat what I just said.
Repeat what I've just told you.
Repeat what Tom's just said.
Repeat what you just said.
Repeat what you said.
Repeat your name!
Repeat!
Repeatedly slamming the clutch pedal, I somehow managed to get the clutch disengaged so I could just about drive for the time being.
Repeaters have to redo their school year.
Repeating a lie does not make it true.
Repeating a lie does not make it true; it makes it a habit which is worse.
Repeating a mistake without recognizing it as one, is the biggest mistake of all.
Repent!
Repent, and believe in the Good News.
Repent, the end is nigh!
Repentance will be of no use to us.
Repentance will be of no use to you all.
Repentance will be of no use to you.
Repentantly, the boy confessed everything he had done to the police.
Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth.
Repetition helps you remember something.
Repetition is essential for learning a foreign language.
Repetition is the father of learning.
Repetition is the mother of all learning.
Repetition is the mother of learning, the father of action, which makes it the architect of accomplishment.
Repetition is the mother of learning.
Repetition is the mother of memory.
Repetition is the mother of studies.
Repetition is the mother of wisdom.
Repetition leads to perfection.
Repetition of language exercises reinforces memory, making it easier to recall vocabulary and phrases.
Repetition of sound has value in poetry.
Repetition plays a very important role in language learning.
Repetition plays an important role in language study.
Repetitive tasks can drain enthusiasm.
Rephrase it.
Rephrase the question.
Rephrasing Shaw's well-known principle as regards Tatoeba, one may say: "Make up a sentence that even a fool can translate, and only a fool would want to translate it."
Rephrasing is a collective art at Tatoeba.
Replace him!
Replace him.
Replace it.
Replace the complement with the appropriate pronoun.
Replace the objects with the correct pronouns in the following sentences.
Replace the old set of tyres with a new set.
Replace the old tires with new ones.
Replace the old tyres with new ones.
Replace the toilet paper if you finish the roll.
Replace those books on the shelf when you're done with them.
Replace your windshield.
Replacing a light bulb is a simple thing to do.
Replacing a light switch is something anybody could do.
Replacing a windshield is very expensive.
Replacing deeply ingrained habits is not easy.
Replacing switches really is one of the easiest electrical jobs one could do.
Replacing the word "Jewish" with "Zionist" doesn't make theories of Jewish world domination less antisemitic.
Replacing workers with so-called "AI" equates to taking a big shit on all of your customers.
Replacing your windshield won't be cheap.
Replay the last 10 seconds.
Replenishment has arrived.
Replicability is at the forefront of the modern research agenda.
Reply me via mail only when you read and understand this.
Reply to my message!
Reply to my message.
Reply to my messages!
Reply to them.
Report any incidents or injuries to the camp staff right away.
Report any issues or glitches with the tablet to me.
Report for duty Monday morning.
Report him to the police!
Report our position back to the ship.
Report the incident to the responsible officer.
Report the sick!
Report this to the authorities.
Report to my office immediately.
Report to the captain's quarters.
Report to the emergency room.
Report to your assembly point.
Reported in the Journal Science, this globe-spanning research finds that abundant forms of plant life keep soils more fertile and productive, and help to buffer ecosystems against the stresses of a changing climate.
Reportedly, there were no casualties.
Reporter: Can you give me an example?
Reporter: Did you buy her a kitten?
Reporters are a pain in the ass.
Reporters are wildly outnumbered by flacks.
Reporters do not hesitate to intrude into people's privacy.
Reporters do not hesitate to intrude into people’s privacy.
Reporters don’t give me a break.
Reporters have to stay objective.
Reporters need to stay objective.
Reporters pestered her with questions at the press conference.
Reporting hate speech can help maintain a safe online environment.
Reporting the abuse was difficult.
Reporting this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Roark says he and colleagues from the University of California-Santa Cruz and Australian National University in Canberra collected samples of the coral from depths of nearly 400 meters.
Reports are due next Monday.
Reports of injuries are mounting.
Reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated.
Reports of the actor's death have gone viral on the Internet.
Reports of the medicine helping coronavirus patients get better in China and Australia are anecdotal.
Reports said they came close to a settlement.
Representation affects policy decisions.
Representation changes perceptions.
Representation drives social progress.
Representation ensures diverse perspectives.
Representation ensures diverse voices are heard.
Representation ensures equality in society.
Representation fosters equality.
Representation gives a voice to the unheard.
Representation gives hope to the marginalized.
Representation gives power to the marginalized.
Representation influences power dynamics.
Representation leads to better solutions.
Representation leads to fairer systems.
Representation matters in decision-making.
Representation matters in every society.
Representation reflects who we are.
Representative democracy is one form of government.
Representatives and direct Taxes shall be apportioned among the several States which may be included within this Union, according to their respective Numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the whole Number of free Persons, including those bound to Service for a Term of Years, and excluding Indians not taxed, three fifths of all other Persons.
Representatives from many countries have participated in this conference.
Representatives made a major breakthrough in the trade talks.
Repressing what I feel for you is now impossible for me.
Repression for the attainment of economic ends is a necessary weapon of the socialist dictatorship.
Reproach demotivates.
Reproduction does not interest me.
Reproduction is asexual when there is no fusion of gametes.
Reproduction or appropriation of HTML, images and photographs from within this site is prohibited.
Reptiles are cold-blooded.
Reptiles are creeping animals.
Reptiles are more closely related to mammals than to amphibians.
Reptiles are paraphyletic with respect to birds.
Reptiles are poikilotherms.
Reptiles lay eggs.
Reptiles were better equipped for life on land than amphibians, and so began their dominance on land, in water and air.
Republic Day is celebrated on the twenty-sixth of January.
Republican Party leaders criticized President Hayes.
Republican leaders denied the charge.
Republican messaging demonizing trans people fell flat in 2022.
Republican political consultant Luis Alvarado said while Latinos have traditionally voted for Democrats, many Latinos who make up the new generation of voters remain undecided.
Republicans and Democrats, Christians, Atheists, Muslims and all other faiths, Americans and Immigrants, everyone was united in grief for the devastation of 9/11.
Republicans are absolutely twisted, bloodthirsty, power-hungry, sadistic liars.
Republicans are dropping like flies because they've decided to politicize a pandemic.
Republicans claim every election they lose was rigged.
Republicans claim they're on the same party as Abraham Lincoln, but the parties switched sides since then.
Republicans have been implementing ways to ensure undemocratic minority rule, because their core demographic is shrinking.
Republicans have consistently voted against raising the minimum age for marriage, because they are a child grooming cult.
Republicans have frantically been rewriting state election laws to ensure that states can disregard the will of their voters.
Republicans have gone to insane lengths to suppress votes, discount them, make it hard to vote, and discourage voting through subterfuge, and are now allowing state legislatures to disregard election results entirely.
Republicans have the mentality of a toddler who screams "YOU CHEATED!" whenever they lose.
Republicans oppose any new taxes.
Republicans want American elections to be as legitimate as Hungarian ones.
Republicans went more traditional, using a classic Roman-columned auditorium not far from the White House for the backdrop of many of their recorded speeches.
Republicans were defeated in many states.
Republicans were furious.
Republicans will ban all abortions nationwide as soon as they can, with no exceptions.
Repurposing fruit skins for garnish or syrup is sustainable and creative.
Reputation is money.
Reputation is what you seem; character is what you are.
Reputations are volatile. Loyalties are fickle. Management teams are increasingly disconnected from their staff.
Requiring athletes to maintain amateur status is a class barrier.
Reread the article.
Reread your email before sending it.
Rereading old chat messages is often instructive. It gives you a good idea about the unfathomableness of communication problems.
Rereading — and often correcting — my sentences on Tatoeba, I sometimes have the impression of redacting the diary I always wanted to write.
Res96 was a popular photography reference, as well as his username.
Resale of this item is prohibited.
Reschedule your flight if you want.
Reschedule your flight.
Rescheduling the appointment won't be a problem.
Rescue crews working through the night have so far managed to evacuate some 3,500 drivers on a key motorway that homeland security forces promised ahead of the storm to keep open, but didn’t, leaving thousands of motorists stranded in snow, with rescue crews blocked from accessing those in distress.
Rescue dogs are usually trained to respond to hand signals, since in noisy situations, dogs may not be able to hear verbal commands.
Rescue forces are searching for a Malay airplane that disappeared over the South China Sea.
Rescue operations across Guatemala have been hindered by bad weather and destroyed roads and bridges.
Rescue operations across Guatemala have been hindered by more bad weather and destroyed roads and bridges.
Rescue parties are being organized.
Rescue teams from neighbouring districts came to help the victims of the flood.
Rescue workers are searching for 12 people who are missing after an explosion and the collapse of two sections of a five-story residential building.
Rescue workers feared that landmarks of baroque Dresden, seen as the jewel of Germany, would be swamped by water.
Rescue workers saved Tom and his dog.
Rescue workers searched for survivors among the debris.
Rescue workers searched for survivors in the debris of the collapsed building.
Rescue workers searched through the debris.
Rescue workers searched through the rubble.
Rescuers are digging through the debris in search of survivors.
Rescuers are looking for survivors of the mining accident.
Rescuers are trying to save scores of whales beached in the Australian state of Tasmania.
Rescuers searched for survivors in flooded areas and landslides after several days of heavy rain.
Rescuers who arrived at the scene of the accident assisted the driver and passengers.
Rescuing Tom will be extremely difficult.
Rescuing Tom will be very difficult.
Rescuing Tom won't be easy.
Research before making an important purchase.
Research before sharing information online.
Research by Duke University scientists suggests that habits leave a lasting mark on certain circuits in the brain, "priming us to feed our cravings."
Research by Jon Hagstrum suggests that homing pigeons use low-frequency infrasound to find their way home.
Research by investigators at the University of Southern California showed the special, fasting-mimicking diet triggers the development of insulin-producing cells in mice with diabetes. The study was published in the journal Cell.
Research chemists at Western University say they have found a high-tech way to bring these photographic treasures back to life.
Research findings raise hopes of new, more effective treatments.
Research has documented homosexual behavior in various animals.
Research has shown how polluted the rivers are these days.
Research has shown that UV radiation increases the likelihood of certain cataracts. Although curable with modern eye surgery, cataracts diminish the eyesight of millions of Americans and cost billions of dollars in medical care each year. Other kinds of eye damage include pterygium (tissue growth that can block vision), skin cancer around the eyes, and degeneration of the macula (the part of the retina where visual perception is most acute). All of these problems can be lessened with proper eye protection. Look for sunglasses, glasses or contact lenses if you wear them, that offer 99 to 100 percent UV protection.
Research has shown that ultraviolet radiation, exposure to pesticides and other chemicals, and parasitic infections all can cause deformities in amphibians. In the case of the parasite, the target is the base of the tadpole's tail, where the hind legs develop. Infected tadpoles grow into frogs with too many legs, abnormal legs, or sometimes no legs at all.
Research in Motion announced the layoff of 2000 employees and a restructuring of the company.
Research in the park by Charles Walcott on trilobites in the late 1800s provided the foundation for his theory of the “Cambrian Explosion,” a term he used to describe the relatively sudden appearance of complex multi-cellular life possessing “hard parts” such as phosphatic or calcitic exoskeletons.
Research in this area is somewhat equivocal.
Research indicates that children who spend too much time on their electronics are likely to become visually impaired as they grow older.
Research is formalized curiosity. It is poking and prying with a purpose. It is a seeking that he who wishes may know the cosmic secrets of the world and they that dwell therein.
Research is often done on insects and other organisms that have short generation times.
Research is risky.
Research of outer space will explode once the private sector gets involved.
Research on HCAs has made some people afraid to cook meat on a barbecue grill. On a grill, the meat heats over coals or a gas or open fire. But studies have found that adding spices to meat before cooking at high temperatures may reduce harmful chemicals. This can be done by preparing a marinade and placing it on the meat before cooking. Marinades usually contain spices and herbs added to vinegar, wine or oil. This liquid mixture also softens the meat.
Research on the causes of cancer is very expensive.
Research produces profit.
Research requires a lot of energy, but it's worth the effort.
Research revealed that the same high truancy levels were to be found in every inner city district.
Research shows that employees are happier when they feel appreciated and thanked.
Research suggests that pornography can contribute to a decline in relationship satisfaction and an increased likelihood of infidelity.
Research suggests that prolonged pornography use can alter brain chemistry, affecting dopamine levels and contributing to addictive behaviors.
Research this a little bit more.
Research your illness day and night. Take breaks with art or creative writing. Keep your brain working!
Researcher Mauro Ferrari, with the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, has been studying the medical applications of nanotechnology. He agrees that the risks are very small, and the potential benefits are huge in comparison. He predicts, for example, that nanotech-enhanced screening could significantly cut the number of cancer-related deaths. And, he says, government policy makers and scientists have an ethical responsibility to spread such benefits to as many people as possible.
Researcher Rhoel Ramos Ding-lasan dissects the type of mosquito that transmits the malaria parasite, which kills about three million people worldwide each year. Experts say understanding and controlling the malaria parasite is one of the greatest scientific challenges of all time.
Researchers Identify New Receptor Complex in Brain
Researchers agree exercise and diet are both important, but the latter has a bigger impact on health.
Researchers also found that people with the highest amygdala activity, in other words those who were the most stressed out, had the highest levels of inflammatory markers in their blood.
Researchers announce method of circumventing Windows Vista security features.
Researchers are discovering clues at the cellular level that indicate human regeneration of lost body parts could be possible someday.
Researchers are saying that you can defend against brain aging by collecting yourself and keeping a strong presence of mind.
Researchers are still a long way off from understanding the mechanism involved in Alzheimer's disease.
Researchers are still a long way off from understanding the mechanism involved in Alzheimer’s disease.
Researchers at Columbia and Harvard Universities are working on a unique new way to treat atherosclerosis, a hardening of the arteries that can lead to heart attack or stroke.
Researchers at Cornell University have developed a flying robot they say is “as smart as a bird” because it can maneuver to avoid obstacles. They say it eventually could be used in search-and-rescue operations because of its ability to maneuver through forests, tunnels or inside damaged buildings.
Researchers at Duke University in North Carolina have developed a small pouch made of foil and plastic.
Researchers at Emory University in Atlanta say the secreted peptide — a subunit of a protein chain — kills dozens of flu strains that plague humans. It is effective against H1 viruses, including ones that could cause pandemics.
Researchers at Emory screened 32 peptides derived from the mucus of the frog, called Bahuvistara, and found one that was effective against all H1 viruses.
Researchers at Germany’s Max Planck Institute of Colloids and Interfaces, in Potsdam, are collaborating with a U.S. company, ArtemiLife, to test an extract from the plant Artemisia annua to determine its effectiveness in speeding recovery from the virus.
Researchers at Harvard Medical School found that having a vitamin A deficiency, common among some 30 percent of the world’s population in mostly developing nations, was a potent predictor of TB disease risk.
Researchers at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore, Maryland, and three other centers found that defects in a gene that's sensitive to hormones can lead to progressive osseous heteroplasia, or POH.
Researchers at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory raced drones controlled by artificial intelligence (A.I.) against a professional human pilot.
Researchers at The Scripps Research Institute in La Jolla, California, modified vancomycin, invented 60 years ago and considered a last-resort treatment against many of these infections. They made a key change to its molecular structure, interfering with how the bacterium, enterococcus, makes protective cell walls.
Researchers at University College London said Wednesday they found water vapor in a planet's air 110 light years from Earth that has temperatures suitable for life as we know it.
Researchers at Vanderbilt University Medical Center, in Nashville, Tennessee, are now developing miniaturized living copies of certain human organs they say will greatly improve testing the effectiveness of drugs and chemicals on people.
Researchers at a specialized lab in Italy say understanding climate change effects requires recreating them in a controlled environment. So, they built one.
Researchers at the Center for Infectious Disease Research at the University of Washington in Seattle, in conjunction with the Fred Hutchison Cancer Research Center, have developed a vaccine that uses the entire malaria-causing parasite — called P. falciparum — to stimulate a protective immune response.
Researchers at the City of Hope Comprehensive Cancer Center noted an overall 16 percent reduction in breast-cancer risk among the 57,000 women who took an 81-milligram dose of aspirin three or more times a week.
Researchers at the Gorilla Foundation have to spell out words like "c-a-n-d-y" and "g-u-m" when Koko is nearby.
Researchers at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, Georgia, say extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis has spread from person-to-person in South Africa's KwaZulu-Natal province, contributing to a tenfold increase in the number of cases in the country since 2002.
Researchers at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver think they might have discovered a formula for a pill that effectively delivers a full dose of insulin to a patient’s liver—where it is needed to regulate blood sugar levels—without dissipating uselessly in the stomach.
Researchers at the University of California San Diego have designed what they’re calling a biobattery in the form of a temporary tattoo. The battery works by “detecting and responding to lactate,” which is found in sweat. When your body needs more energy because of physical exertion, a process called glycolysis occurs. Glycolysis basically turns sugars into usable energy for the body. A byproduct of this process is lactate.
Researchers at the University of California in San Francisco say a protein called NT-proBNP could help predict the risk a future major cardiovascular event, including heart attack, heart failure or stroke in patients with heart disease.
Researchers at the University of Liverpool and the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine are studying what's called post-Ebola syndrome.
Researchers at the University of Malta and the National Center of Scientific Research at the University of Bordeaux tested the plants' chemical extracts on Brewer's yeast with beta amyloid deposits, similar to those seen in Alzheimer's disease.
Researchers at the University of Manchester in England say they’ve successfully used graphene-oxide membranes to filter common salts from seawater, turning it into drinking water more affordably than current desalination techniques.
Researchers at the University of Maryland say a fiery phenomenon called blue whirl could someday help clean up oil spills on water.
Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania examined a rock slab found in China that contains the fossils of 25 common plant-eating dinosaurs (Psittacosaurus lujiatunensis), that lived between 123 to 100 million years ago.
Researchers at the University of Sussex are working to pinpoint the molecules responsible for these biochemical changes.
Researchers at the University of Washington in Seattle stored the blood for future study. In nineteen eighty-six, five years after the first report of AIDS, the blood tested positive for H.I.V.
Researchers at the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research in Maryland and Harvard University in Boston said in June that they had developed two vaccines against Zika that protected mice. Since then, a third vaccine, using a harmless cold virus, has been developed, and all of them shielded nonhuman primates against the mosquito-borne virus in experiments reported this week in the journal Science.
Researchers at the university are using red and yellow gelatin molded to look like a brain.
Researchers at the university of Paderborn have established that it took up to 2000 hours of English learning for a French speaker to speak English correctly. Given that there are 32 weeks of classes in a year and with 3 hours of lessons every week, 20.83 years of study are thus necessary for a French person to speak good English.
Researchers at two U.S. universities have developed a black that's so black, it makes walking in a darkened cave like a blindingly bright day at the beach.
Researchers believe that discovery always comes like a bolt from the blue.
Researchers believe the world's oldest naturally preserved human mummy ate a pancake-like food as one of his last meals.
Researchers believe this may be a consequence of decreasing population sizes and isolation.
Researchers cultured Eastern and Suminoe oysters in water that was held to four separate CO₂ concentrations, reflecting atmospheric conditions during pre-industrial times, acidity levels today and those predicted for 50 and 100 years from now.
Researchers divided 83 individuals with Type 2 diabetes into three groups. Two of the groups received intensive metabolic intervention that included a personalized meal plan that cut their daily caloric intake by 500 to 750 calories per day. They were also given an individualized exercise plan, met with a dietitian regularly and took medication and insulin at bedtime to help control blood glucose.
Researchers exploring submerged caves under Mexico’s Yucatan Peninsula found evidence of a mining endeavor believed to date back thousands of years.
Researchers found that subjects could collect double the amount of money for charity when they were wearing clothes with designer logos.
Researchers found that the worst pollutants on the Great Barrier Reef were not tiny bits of plastic, but microfibers containing synthetic polymers nylon and polyester.
Researchers found the calls were usually made to and from home and work within a five-kilometer area around the tower.
Researchers found the most common reason for leaving was the difficulty of balancing work with their college or university studies.
Researchers from Canada’s University of Western Ontario published a report on their findings.
Researchers from Thailand’s Mahidol University and Britain’s Oxford University say parasites that carry malaria are developing resistance to a key drug combination across multiple regions of Cambodia, Laos, Thailand and Vietnam.
Researchers from USC confirmed that plankton collected about twenty kilometers southwest of Redondo Beach the next day had very high levels of domoic acid.
Researchers from five North American universities have collaborated on a study that found the process in fully oxidizing the atmosphere didn’t happen suddenly, but instead took place in scattered bursts over an approximately 100-million-year period in what has become known as the Great Oxidation Event.
Researchers from the GRAVITY consortium led by the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics realized that they had a "perfect laboratory" to test Einstein's theory with the Sagittarius A* black hole in the center of the Milky Way.
Researchers from the Georgia Institute of Technology say the moon’s non-silicate sand is “electrically charged” and “resistant to motion.”
Researchers from the Pennsylvania State University say that these neutrinos contain energies that are thousands to millions of times greater than those generated by particle colliders/accelerators such as the European Organization for Nuclear Research’s (CERN) Large Hadron Collider, located on the border between France and Switzerland.
Researchers from the University of California, San Francisco analyzed data gathered in a prospective study of 1,000 advanced, stage III colon cancer patients from across the United States who were enrolled from 1999–2001. The volunteers, from 13 institutions, were evaluated over a period of seven years.
Researchers from the University of Queensland have discovered that the poison from the Fraser Island funnel-web spider in eastern Australia contains what could be a life-saving molecule, or peptide.
Researchers from the University of Texas at Austin used microscopic analysis to confirm that the fossil is indeed an ancient egg.
Researchers have also studied the possible impact of the opioid epidemic on labor force participation.
Researchers have been capturing coral spawn and rearing millions of larvae in large tanks.
Researchers have described and named a new species of hominid in South Africa that lived nearly two million years ago, during a still mysterious period spanning the emergence of modern human beings.
Researchers have detected the first "exomoon" candidate—a moon orbiting a planet that lies outside our solar system.
Researchers have developed a method to significantly improve “anti-solar” panels - a new clean, sustainable way to generate energy at night.
Researchers have developed a moisturizing lotion with the potential to treat deadly skin cancers, psoriasis and promote diabetic wound healing.
Researchers have developed a topically-applied molecular microbicide capable of preventing HIV transmission.
Researchers have developed what’s being hailed as a “breakthrough” in the treatment of multiple sclerosis, a crippling autoimmune disease that attacks the outer sheath of nerve cells, eventually disabling many of those with the neurological condition.
Researchers have devised a way to generate electricity using raw sewage and special bacteria.
Researchers have discovered an abnormality in a gene that they have strongly linked to the development of inherited colon cancer, which may account for up to 20 percent of cases of colon cancer.
Researchers have discovered that Andean condors can fly 172 km in 5 hours without flapping their wings.
Researchers have discovered that carbon-rich permafrost is thawing at increasingly high rates, likely as a result of human-induced climate change, making the Arctic an important potential source of methane emissions.
Researchers have discovered the strongest evidence yet linking the Zika virus to the paralytic illness Guillain-Barre syndrome.
Researchers have found a way to use a thin membrane to turn Australian-made hydrogen into ammonia.
Researchers have found tantalizing evidence that bacteria inside the body convert carnitine into a compound that hardens arteries, contributing to arteriosclerosis and increasing the risk of heart attack.
Researchers have found that an area of the brain called the corpus callosum is enlarged in professional musicians.
Researchers have found that human influenza is common in tropical and sub-tropical countries, but is often mis-diagnosed.
Researchers have now made about 20 tiny so-called harmonic radar tags that are fitted to insects. They would then be tracked by a swarm of drones.
Researchers have said the pterosaur, a type of flying reptile, was the “closest thing we have to a real-life dragon.”
Researchers hope the findings will lead to ways to prevent allergies and wheezing, which are both precursors to asthma.
Researchers hope to add further functionality, such as alerting users if they inhale toxic substances.
Researchers in AI, artificial intelligence, must take care to encourage "friendly" AI, not "unfriendly" AI.
Researchers in Australia have found that an automobile’s natural vibrations can make drivers sleepy, increasing the risk of what is called “drowsy driving.”
Researchers in Australia say a jelly-like sea sponge found along the Great Barrier Reef could provide clues about an elusive part of the human DNA.
Researchers in Israel are developing the pain-free test, which is expected to reveal similar information as traditional blood tests, providing the doctor with immediate results.
Researchers in New Zealand have developed new technology that could make bridges more resilient to earthquakes.
Researchers in the United States have identified a number of drug compounds that stop the spread of the Zika virus, potentially protecting pregnant women and their unborn babies from the mosquito-borne illness. One of the compounds already is used to treat tapeworms.
Researchers in the field of textile computing are developing clothing that can monitor health vitals such as heart rate and respiration.
Researchers linked to the University of Wisconsin-Madison found that children and adolescents who tested lower on standardized tests had a lower volume of gray matter in their brains than the norm, and their frontal and temporal lobes developed more slowly.
Researchers looked at different species and subspecies of zebras, horses and asses, and their habitats.
Researchers made artificial versions of these peptides and tested the most promising one — DRGN-1, or DRAGON-1 — in wounded mice and human skin cell cultures. They found the protein molecules exhibited three outstanding properties: They destroyed the outer layer of bacteria, dissolved biofilms — a sticky colony that microbes form to shield against antibiotics — and speeded up healing.
Researchers noted aspirin reduces inflammation, which plays a role in the initiation of disease. They also said the painkiller is a mild aromatase inhibitor. Aromatase inhibitors reduce the amount of the female hormone estrogen circulating in the bloodstream, which fuels breast tumors, so they are used to treat some forms of breast cancer in post-menopausal women.
Researchers ran trials of the software for the artificial pancreas with 11 diabetics. The system effectively controlled participants' blood sugar for 27 hours, during which time they ate three high-carbohydrate meals and slept through the night at a hospital.
Researchers reporting in the journal The Lancet Infectious Diseases found that a lineage of the P. falciparum parasite, which causes the most dangerous form of malaria, is now becoming resistant to the most effective malaria drug, and the resistance is spreading.
Researchers said the X-ray imaging process takes about eight hours on each daguerreotype plate. When complete, full images can be recovered, even if they could not be seen at all before.
Researchers said the dinosaur - named Ingentia prima, meaning "the first giant" - was up to 10 meters long and weighed about 10 tons, living about 210 million years ago during the Triassic Period.
Researchers said there were no side effects beyond a slight, temporary hearing loss, like that caused by earwax.
Researchers say Saturn has overtaken Jupiter as the planet in our solar system with the most number of moons.
Researchers say elevated levels of a second protein — called endoglin — appear to harm blood vessels, as well.
Researchers say it appears that a food additive found in many processed foods may accelerate lung cancer growth, and increase the risk of lung cancer in people predisposed to the disease.
Researchers say it makes sense that loss of hearing might be caused by anemia. The inside of the ear is very sensitive to oxygen, and it's possible that the nerves there are not getting enough in someone who is iron-deficient. Iron is an essential element for the production of hemoglobin, the red blood cell protein that carries and releases oxygen throughout the body.
Researchers say large fields in Europe and Asia, currently unusable due to poor soil, may someday be covered with rubber-producing yellow flowers.
Researchers say that in addition to stealing computer files, the cyber spies could turn on the internal camera on a remote computer to eavesdrop on live conversations.
Researchers say that it's easier to lose weight if you eat three square meals a day.
Researchers say the Martian bedrock shows evidence of multiple periods of wet conditions. Clay minerals, which indicate water, are present in the grayish sample of Martian rock.
Researchers say the array’s isolated location in Western Australia is ideal for this type of astronomy because it’s quiet and far away from Earth-based radio transmissions.
Researchers say the dogs are beating the swabs — detecting positive coronavirus cases that the tests have missed.
Researchers say the love youngsters have for wildlife may be clouding the public's mind about how endangered those creatures are.
Researchers say the new moons were not previously known because they are so small in size.
Researchers say the programs have also helped protect and conserve the population of the markhor, a large goat found in the high mountains of northern Pakistan.
Researchers say the speech impediment appears to stem from a defect in the gene that regulates the way brain cells break down and recycle waste products.
Researchers say they have determined a mystery fossil discovered in Antarctica in 2011 is a large egg, possibly laid by an ancient aquatic reptile.
Researchers say they have the first evidence that climate in Africa is influenced by conditions in the northern hemisphere, a finding that contradicts the main theory about climate in the subtropics. As VOA's Jessica Berman reports scientists say the discovery will help them make future climate predictions.
Researchers say this isn't true.
Researchers say warmer weather is permitting a similar kind of tree, the limber pine, to take over good growing places from the ancient bristlecone. They say the tree is being crowded out of mountainous areas where it grows.
Researchers study identical twins to solve the "Nature vs. Nurture" debate.
Researchers studying a mouse model of diabetes noted that the animals had significantly lower numbers of skeletal stem cells to repair bone fractures. When the bones did finally heal, they were weaker and less dense than those of non-diabetic mice.
Researchers then showed that a simple sugar, called trehalose, stimulated macrophages in the same way. In experiments with mice prone to atherosclerotic plaques, injection of the sugar molecule decreased plaque size by 30 percent.
Researchers wanted to know how color vision affected an animal's ability to find camouflaged prey.
Researchers weakened the malaria parasite by knocking out three genes that the organism needs in order to replicate in the human liver and re-emerge in the bloodstream to cause illness.
Researchers who have gathered documented evidence to support their new theory said that one reason Earth has stayed livable is because of the various geologic cycles it’s gone through over millions of years and continues to undergo today.
Researchers with the Instituto di Scienza e Technolgia dei Materiali Ceramici in Italy say the idea is to use certain types of wood (e.g. red oak, rattan) that closely resemble the structure of human bones.
Researchers with the Smithsonian Environmental Research Center in Edgewater, Maryland, studied the impact of rising carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere — one byproduct of carbon-rich industrial emissions — on the larvae of two closely-related oyster species — Eastern oysters, which are indigenous to the Atlantic coast of the United States, and Suminoe oysters, which are native to Asia.
Resentment and complaint are appropriate neither for oneself or others.
Resentment is like drinking a poison and waiting for the other person to die.
Resentment is like drinking poison, and then hoping it will kill your enemy.
Reservations are essential.
Reservations are necessary.
Reservations are not required.
Reservations are requested.
Reservations are required.
Reservations are suggested on weekends.
Reservations are suggested.
Reservations can be made by phone.
Reserve a seat in advance.
Reserving judgments is a matter of infinite hope.
Resident Evil 4 is one of the best games I have ever played.
Residential buildings were heavily hit by Israeli missiles.
Residential buildings were pounded.
Residential neighborhoods were wiped out.
Residential rooms are not to be used for commercial purposes.
Residential towers were bombed.
Residents and tourists in Washington D.C. can now examine a life-size replica of an unusual dinosaur that lived almost a hundred million years ago in northern Africa. Scientists say studying the behemoth named Spinosaurus helps them better understand how some prehistoric animals adapted to life on land and in water. The Spinosaurus replica is on display at the National Geographic Museum.
Residents and visitors glide along the cycle lanes among well-kept apartment blocks, while kebab and baklava stores rub shoulders with the ubiquitous Danish bakeries.
Residents are encouraged to leave their houses.
Residents are known for dressing conservatively, if not for wearing clothes that are downright stodgy.
Residents are urged to stay indoors.
Residents in Britain are celebrating the end of coronavirus lockdown restrictions Monday, a day being called Freedom Day.
Residents of Hobyo, Somalia, say drifting sandstorms are burying their homes, schools and shops and threatening the existence of the coastal town.
Residents of a London suburb have been enjoying regular visits by a herd of friendly deer.
Residents of the Algerian town of El Menea are growing watermelon.
Residents said the bill would open the door to specious accusations against dissidents, religious figures, businessmen and others.
Residents were upset.
Residing within the coral's tissues, the microscopic algae are well protected and make use of the coral's metabolic waste products for photosynthesis, the process by which plants make their own food.
Resign yourself to the fact that it's over between us.
Resign.
Resignation is the first lesson of life.
Resilience allows us to rise after we fall.
Resilience gives us the strength to endure.
Resilience grows in moments of struggle.
Resilience grows through adversity.
Resilience helps us adapt to a changing world.
Resilience is about standing tall after the fall.
Resilience is born from overcoming adversity.
Resilience is built one challenge at a time.
Resilience is found in persistence.
Resilience is the ability to adapt and thrive.
Resilience is the courage to keep going.
Resilience is the fuel of perseverance.
Resilience is the heart of perseverance.
Resilience is the key to overcoming hardship.
Resilience is the power to move forward.
Resilience is the strength to keep going.
Resilience pushes us to rise above challenges.
Resilience turns failures into fuel for growth.
Resilience turns obstacles into opportunities.
Resilience turns setbacks into strength.
Resin was leaking out of the tube.
Resist as much as you want.
Resist beginnings. The medicine is prepared too late when the malady has become entrenched.
Resist for just five minutes.
Resist resistance!
Resist the beginnings!
Resist the beginnings: the remedy usually comes too late.
Resist the temptation to digress.
Resist the temptation.
Resist!
Resist.
Resistance by native Caribs prevented colonization on Saint Vincent until 1719.
Resistance defends our values.
Resistance fights for the future of a nation.
Resistance fights for what is right and just.
Resistance fuels the fight for independence.
Resistance is a duty to the homeland.
Resistance is a form of national pride.
Resistance is born from a love of country.
Resistance is futile!
Resistance is futile.
Resistance is futile. You will be educated.
Resistance is rooted in love for the homeland.
Resistance is the courage to defend freedom.
Resistance keeps the spirit of freedom alive.
Resistance preserves national identity.
Resistance protects our way of life.
Resistance protects the nation from within.
Resistance stands against tyranny.
Resistance strengthens the fabric of a nation.
Resistance strengthens the national spirit.
Resistance unites people in times of crisis.
Resisting arrest is a misdemeanor.
Resisting or obstructing any law enforcement officer is a misdemeanor.
Resisting what is happening is a major cause of suffering.
Resolving a differential equation means finding the functions that satisfy it.
Resort areas abound in tourists.
Resources are limited.
Resources everyone uses should be community property. Personal items can continue to be personal property.
Resources may be limited.
Respect God.
Respect Tom's privacy, please.
Respect and principles don't have a time.
Respect animals.
Respect between individuals matters.
Respect boundaries; they matter.
Respect cultural differences and diversity.
Respect for law is fundamental to our society.
Respect for laws is fundamental to collective happiness.
Respect for the French! They consciously use their own language despite the influence of English spreading all over the world due to globalization.
Respect for the law is essential for collective happiness.
Respect forms the basis of positive interactions.
Respect forms the basis of trust.
Respect forms the foundation of any relationship.
Respect goes both ways.
Respect his wishes and just leave him alone.
Respect holds the highest importance in my life.
Respect is a key element in all relationships.
Respect is a two-way street.
Respect is due to older people.
Respect is due to the proletariat.
Respect is earned.
Respect is essential in all interactions.
Respect is essential in any relationship.
Respect is greater from a distance.
Respect is important for healthy relationships.
Respect is important, regardless of our differences.
Respect is the foundation of life.
Respect is the most important thing.
Respect isn't a right. It's something you earn.
Respect makes relationships more durable, promises more reliable, silence more honest, freedom more possible, thinking more worthy of esteem.
Respect me, I will respect you.
Respect me, or I'll have you arrested.
Respect must be earned.
Respect must be our leading principle.
Respect must be reciprocated.
Respect must be returned.
Respect must come before anything else.
Respect my privacy.
Respect my space.
Respect of the young for the old is quite natural.
Respect other campers' personal space and be considerate.
Respect other people's opinions, even if you disagree.
Respect other people's personal space.
Respect others.
Respect people who are older than you.
Respect plays a significant role in communication.
Respect promiscuous women.
Respect should always come first.
Respect should be a priority in our relationships.
Respect should be a priority, no matter our differences.
Respect should be at the forefront.
Respect should exist within the family.
Respect should guide our actions.
Respect should lead the way.
Respect should remain strong despite our differences.
Respect should shape our decisions.
Respect sluts.
Respect the colonel.
Respect the colonels.
Respect the people that you work with.
Respect the police, bum!
Respect the rights of the disabled just as you respect those of pregnant women and the elderly.
Respect the rules.
Respect the speed limits!
Respect this family.
Respect us, at least.
Respect us, we will respect you.
Respect what came before.
Respect who I am.
Respect your boss.
Respect your elders.
Respect your parents.
Respect your parents. They pay for the internet.
Respect your wife and commit to her. This is how you honor women.
Respect your wife's parents.
Respect yourself and others will respect you.
Respect yourself and you will be respected.
Respect yourself and you'll be respected.
Respect yourself if you want people to respect you.
Respect yourself.
Respect yourselves and you will be respected.
Respect yourselves and you'll be respected.
Respect!
Respectful dialogue is far more effective in fostering mutual understanding than condescending lectures.
Respecting each other is fundamental.
Respecting others is required.
Respecting someone's personal space and boundaries is crucial for maintaining healthy relationships.
Respiration gets faster when one runs.
Respond with reverence.
Respond.
Responding to pressure from environmental groups and the requirements of regulators, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and a scientific advisory panel have held public hearings on the risks of atrazine, an agricultural pesticide. It's the most commonly used farm chemical in the U.S. and 90 other countries. Atrazine has been banned by the European Union since 2004, and some studies suggest it may be harmful to human health and the environment.
Responding to the American vice president, who claimed that charity was mainly directed at one's own, the Pope responded that Christian love is the basis of "a brotherhood open to all."
Responding to the question as to whether there was an explosion at the chemical factory, he said: "Yes, there was. But it wasn't the explosion we imagined it to be. It was an explosion of discontent."
Responsibilities do nothing but hold us back.
Responsibility has to start somewhere.
Responsibility is a detachable burden that can easily be shifted to the shoulders of God, Fate, Fortune, Luck or one's neighbor. In the days of astrology it was customary to unload it upon a star.
Responsibility simply means your ability to respond.
Responsible communication promotes ethical and lasting values.
Rest a few days, then you will come back.
Rest a little.
Rest as much as you want.
Rest assured I won't do that again.
Rest assured that I will do my best.
Rest assured that I won't tell her anything.
Rest assured that I'll take care of it.
Rest assured that we'll respond.
Rest assured they're out there.
Rest assured, we have you covered!
Rest before leaving.
Rest beneath them.
Rest by my side!
Rest here for a bit.
Rest here.
Rest if you're tired.
Rest in peace!
Rest in peace, father!
Rest in peace, my dear father!
Rest in peace, my love.
Rest in peace.
Rest in pizza, Gorbachev.
Rest in spaghetti.
Rest is important.
Rest is sweet after the work is done.
Rest is very important.
Rest nurtures the body and the mind.
Rest thou this night: and when morning is come, if he will take thee by the right of kindred, all is well: but if he will not, I will undoubtedly take thee, so the Lord liveth: sleep till the morning.
Rest time's over!
Rest well, Ziri.
Rest well.
Rest your eyes, it's bedtime.
Rest your foot on that step.
Rest your weary eyes.
Rest.
Restart the computer — it sometimes helps.
Restart your computer.
Restaurant workers work hard to please their customers.
Restaurants and bars are now offering take-away and delivery services only.
Restaurants and bars will be allowed to stay open from 6am to 6pm as long as tables are kept one meter apart.
Restaurants are big business in Algeria.
Restaurants are expensive.
Restaurants are getting many reservations.
Restaurants are only open for takeout and delivery.
Restaurants are profitable businesses in Algiers.
Restaurants, cafes and bars report a drastic drop in customers.
Restoration is a long, painstaking work.
Restoring and refurbishing the carousel and its animals after years of alterations was a slow, painstaking process.
Restrain your impulses.
Restrain your laughter.
Restraints aren't so sexy when you let the wrong person use them on you.
Restricting the number of example sentences a non-native English speaker can contribute is a demeaning blow to their intelligence and dedication to improving the content of this collaborative website.
Restricting trans bathroom use leads to the sexual assault of trans people.
Restrictive measures may help us achieve our diversity goal faster, but such measures would be motivated by impatience.
Restrictive practices can be damaging for industries.
Resubscribe to the magazine as early as possible.
Results can vary.
Results from the Large Hadron Collider mean that supersymmetry theorists may have to come up with a new theory of sub-atomic physics.
Results of the first four games of the FIDE 2023 World Chess Championship: Game 1 - Nepo 0.5 X Ding Liren 0.5; Game 2 - Ding Liren 0 X Nepo 1; Game 3 - Nepo 0.5 X Ding Liren 0.5; Game 4 - Ding Liren 1 X Nepo 0.
Results showed that the cyclists did not experience body changes usually equated with a normal aging process. For example, they did not lose muscle mass or strength. Also, their body fat and cholesterol levels did not increase with age.
Results will be announced Monday.
Resume reading where you left off.
Resumes are a simple way to chronicle our vocational training.
Resurrection is at hand.
Retailers have extolled the benefits of their products.
Retain this manual for future reference.
Retaking Crimea is virtually impossible.
Retaliation is inevitable.
Retaliatory tariffs by China have decreased demand and overall prices for crops like soybeans, ultimately affecting a farmer’s bottom line, forcing many to hold off purchasing large, expensive equipment.
Retire.
Retired people don't have to pay the fare.
Retirement is becoming a worry.
Retirement is the moment when the worker ceases his activity to rest.
Retiring from business some years ago, he returned to his native town, to enjoy the fruits of his honest industry; and during a period of several years, he, by acts of kindness and benevolence, acquired the respect and esteem of his fellow-townsmen.
Retrace your steps and maybe you'll find your keys.
Retreat is not an option.
Retreat is not defeat.
Retreat isn't an option.
Retreat!
Retribution is inevitable.
Retro! Nice outfit! What is that: disco?
Retroactive jealousy is more toxic than reactive jealousy.
Retroflex consonants are commonly found in the languages of the Indian subcontinent.
Retroflex consonants are fun to say.
Retroflex consonants are said with the tongue touching the roof of the mouth.
Retrogression in technology may be caused by severe wars, reductions in resources, or religious societal dictates as with the Amish.
Return Native Americans their ancestral lands.
Return and tell your king how the gods fought to our favor.
Return at once.
Return condiments and spices to their designated spots.
Return fire.
Return good for evil.
Return home and give the four gold pieces you have left to your poor old father who is weeping because he has not seen you for many a day.
Return home?! I prefer to stay here!
Return immediately to the camp.
Return immediately.
Return it to me when you're done with it.
Return it to me!
Return it to me.
Return it when you are done.
Return my call if you're free.
Return or one-way ticket?
Return that book when you have read it, please.
Return the book as soon as possible.
Return the money to him at once.
Return this book as soon as you can.
Return this.
Return to Caesar what belongs to Caesar and to God that which belongs to God.
Return to me my wallet!
Return to sender.
Return to the sender.
Return to the ship at once.
Return to the ship immediately.
Return to the ship.
Return to your base for further instructions.
Return to your place.
Return to your post.
Return to your quarters.
Return to your room.
Return to your seat.
Return to your seats, please.
Return to your work.
Return? Just a single.
Returned to the villa, afternoon snack.
Returnees from Western countries are bringing a new wave of coronavirus cases to parts of Asia such as Hong Kong and Taiwan just as health authorities there were getting their outbreaks under control.
Returnees have trouble getting used to life in Japan.
Returning an overhead smash is one of the most difficult shots in professional tennis.
Returning home from an evening down the pub with his mates, Tom found a handwritten note stuck to the front door; the handwriting was his wife's. It read: "You can forget any idea that I might come back – I've left you!"
Returning to your hometown after a long time fills you with nostalgia.
Returning, I had to cross before the looking-glass; my fascinated glance involuntarily explored the depth it revealed. All looked colder and darker in that visionary hollow than in reality: and the strange little figure there gazing at me, with a white face and arms specking the gloom, and glittering eyes of fear moving where all else was still, had the effect of a real spirit: I thought it like one of the tiny phantoms, half fairy, half imp, Bessie’s evening stories represented as coming out of lone, ferny dells in moors, and appearing before the eyes of belated travelers.
Reuben's busy right now, maybe come by later?
Reunion Island is an island in the western Indian Ocean.
Reuniting broken families is what I do.
Reuniting families that were torn apart is what I do.
Reusable rockets will dramatically cut the cost of sending equipment to space.
Rev. King and his supporters were threatened.
Rev. King fell backwards, shot in the neck.
Rev. King led protests and demonstrations all over the country during the next few years.
Rev. King's house was destroyed by a bomb. But still, the buses went on empty.
Rev. King’s house was destroyed by a bomb. But still, the buses went on empty.
Reveal to us your secret.
Reveal your secret!
Revelation cannot be applied to the relating of facts by the persons who saw them done, nor to the relating or recording of any discourse or conversation by those who heard it.
Revelation is always first-person. For everyone else, it's hearsay.
Revelation is necessarily out of the question with respect to those books.
Revelers get ready to welcome the New Year in Times Square.
Revenge can be sweet.
Revenge can't satisfy your feelings just like salt water can't quench your thirst.
Revenge has consequences.
Revenge is a confession of pain.
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
Revenge is a dish served hot.
Revenge is a dish which is best served cold.
Revenge is a never-ending cycle.
Revenge is an endless cycle.
Revenge is sweet.
Revenge is sweeter than honey.
Revenge is the best revenge.
Revenge is the main cause of all wars.
Revenge is the only thing that keeps me alive.
Revenge today, mourning tomorrow.
Revenue Protection teams are regularly out and about on the network.
Revenues are growing, but not as fast as costs.
Revenues were lower than we expected.
Reverse osmosis consists in forcing seawater through a membrane that filters out the salt.
Reverso Context uses sentences from tatoeba.org translated by native speakers.
Review this example carefully, as all sections below will be referring to the example presented here.
Review your notes before starting your homework to refresh your memory.
Review your notes before the exam.
Review! Review! Review! Save some time to review stuff you've learned in the past.
Reviews of the film were overwhelmingly negative.
Revise where you want.
Revision of the law can't be delayed further.
Revitalization efforts have failed to stop the decline in the number of speakers of the language.
Revolution is the fire on which some are burnt to death, and others cook their soup.
Revolution is the self-defense of the people who have been injured in their most sacred rights.
Revolutionary methods must be in tune with revolutionary aims.
Revolutionary movements attract those who are not good enough for established institutions as well as those who are too good for them.
Revolutions aren't inherently good.
Revolutions can be good or bad.
Revolutions have never lightened the burden of tyranny: they have only shifted it to another shoulder.
Revolutions that don't succeed are soon forgotten.
Revolutions that don’t succeed are soon forgotten.
Rewind the tape.
Reword the idea or ideas of this paragraph.
Rewrite it in your copybook please.
Rex is Ziri's beloved dog.
Rex is a German Shepherd.
Rex is drinking lemonade in the cafeteria.
Rex was a monster of a dog.
Rex, an atmospheric scientist at AWI for Polar and Ocean Research that organized the expedition, said that scientists witnessed firsthand the dramatic effects of global warming on ice in the Arctic Circle, considered “the epicenter of climate change.”
Reykjavík is the capital of Iceland.
Reykjavík is the northernmost capital city.
Reykjavík is the world's northernmost and Europe's westernmost capital city.
Reynolds' blood pressure is dangerously high, especially when he's mad.
Reynolds’ blood pressure is dangerously high, especially when he’s mad.
Rhea Silvia claimed that the god Mars was the father of the children.
Rhea Silvia was a vestal virgin.
Rhea Silvia was the mother of Romulus and Remus.
Rheal LeBlanc, the U.N.'s chief of press and external relations in Geneva, told VOA that Guterres warns that world leaders who vilify journalists as purveyors of so-called fake news put the journalists' lives and liberty in danger.
Rhetoric is no substitute for reality.
Rhino numbers have dropped dramatically in recent years, mainly due to poachers killing the animals to satisfy the black market for rhino horn.
Rhinoceros is not a dinosaur.
Rhinoceros ratsnakes are snake unicorns.
Rhinoceroses are large animals.
Rhinos are being illegally killed.
Rhinos are killed by poachers for their horns.
Rhinos can attack people.
Rhinos can be a deadly threat.
Rhinos can be extremely aggressive.
Rhinos can kill people.
Rhinos can prove lethal.
Rhinos prefer to live alone.
Rhinos sometimes attack people.
Rhode Island is the smallest state in the U.S.
Rhodium is the rarest metal.
Rhubarb is a vegetable.
Rhyme and meter form the essential rules of Chinese poetry.
Rhyme has value in poetry.
Rhythm is important.
Rhythmic gymnastics is a beautiful sport for girls.
Ria fed Tom with grapes.
Ribbit!
Ribbons will be awarded.
Ribosomes and the plasma membrane are common structures in eukaryotic and prokaryotic cells.
Ribosomes are the organelles responsible for protein synthesis.
Ribosomes, whose function is protein synthesis, are abundant structures in prokaryotic cells.
Ricardo got US$ 500 for winning.
Ricardo is my first name.
Ricardo picked up the lumber and now he's sawing it.
Ricardo works with Lisa.
Rice University post doctoral fellow Richard Lopez wondered if there is a link between weight gain and the mindless multitasking on various digital devices.
Rice and noodles are commonplace in Chinese cuisine.
Rice cakes and marshmallows are similar, but not the same.
Rice does not contain gluten.
Rice does not like moisture. Be sure to store it well.
Rice doesn't contain gluten.
Rice doesn't particularly excite me.
Rice farming has been developed to a high degree in Japan.
Rice grows in warm climates.
Rice grows in warm countries.
Rice gruel is easy to digest.
Rice is a domesticated plant.
Rice is a grain that feeds billions of people.
Rice is cultivated in regions with an abundance of rain.
Rice is cultivated in several parts of the world.
Rice is cultivated in warm countries.
Rice is delicious.
Rice is easy on me too.
Rice is full of carbs.
Rice is good with miso soup.
Rice is grown in many parts of the world.
Rice is grown in rainy regions.
Rice is life.
Rice is nice with a dish of fish.
Rice is often served in round bowls.
Rice is one of those staple commodities.
Rice is planted in this field.
Rice is sold by the kilogram.
Rice is the chief crop in this area.
Rice is the main crop in this area.
Rice is usually eaten with chopsticks in Japan.
Rice makes you fat, so don't eat too much of it!
Rice prices are regulated by the government.
Rice was born in New Orleans and the city became the backdrop for many of her books.
Rice was domesticated in China.
Rice will be planted in this field.
Rice will find a ready market there.
Rice, noodles, and potatoes are typical side dishes.
Rice, the second woman to hold the top U.S. diplomatic post after Madeleine Albright of the Clinton administration, pledged continued efforts by the United States to combat the dehumanization of women in every form.
Rich alluvial diamond deposits make Namibia a primary source for gem-quality diamonds.
Rich and generous, he was soon surrounded by those who knew well how to flatter and foster his weaknesses for their own ends.
Rich and healthy rather than poor and sick.
Rich and luxuriant grass afforded an abundant pasturage to 3 or 400 cattle which in different herds were met with as we cantered along.
Rich are they who have lots of friends, not lots of money.
Rich as he is, he is not contented.
Rich as he is, he is not happy.
Rich as she is, she is not happy.
Rich farmers' wives never have cold feet.
Rich foods don't agree with my health.
Rich foods don’t agree with my health.
Rich furs and strange iridescent mats from some Oriental bazaar were scattered upon the floor.
Rich is he who has no debts, fortunate he who lives without illness.
Rich is the one who can finish the day by giving thanks.
Rich is who can not count more than their millions.
Rich mineral deposits have been discovered recently in Afghanistan.
Rich parents for everyone!
Rich people always look down on us.
Rich people are sad.
Rich people aren't always happy.
Rich people can do what they want.
Rich people don't have student loans.
Rich people don't need to borrow money for college.
Rich people have a tendency to look down on the less fortunate.
Rich people have fat cats.
Rich people have no need to take out student loans. It would be disadvantageous to them.
Rich people live in opulence.
Rich people show off with their expensive watches.
Rich people who lack for nothing always find reasons to be unhappy.
Rich presents, too, he sends for, saved of old / from Troy, a veil, whose saffron edges shone / fringed with acanthus, glorious to behold, / a broidered mantle, stiff with figures wrought in gold. / Fair Helen's ornaments, from Argos brought, / the gift of Leda, when the Trojan shore / and lawless nuptials o'er the waves she sought.
Rich soil yields good crops.
Richa rose to prominence after her third album, titled "Moonlight Whispers".
Richa's theories can be very fascinating, even if they are implausible.
Richard Dawkins is a famous atheist.
Richard Dawkins is an atheist.
Richard Dawkins is culturally Anglican.
Richard Dawkins is more racist, sexist, and chauvinistic than many religious people.
Richard Dawkins is proof that you don't need religion to be a terrible person.
Richard Dawkins just happens to think the best religion is Anglican Christianity.
Richard Dawkins' "The God Delusion" is a book by a British guy about how the Church of England is better than all other religions.
Richard Feynman once said doing physics was like watching a chess game without knowing how to play, trying to figure out the rules through observation.
Richard Feynman said that the two-slit experiment contains the "one mystery" of quantum mechanics.
Richard Krajicek is known as the only player to beat Pete Sampras at Wimbledon between 1993 and 2000. He upset Pistol Pete in straight sets in the quarterfinal en route to winning the 1996 Wimbledon Championships, which came to be the only Grand Slam title in his career.
Richard Nixon dropped from public attention.
Richard Nixon thought he was a victim of a Jewish conspiracy.
Richard Of York Gave Battle In Vain.
Richard Roberts is the author of numerous books.
Richard Setlow is a biophysicist at the U.S. Department of Energy's Brookhaven National Laboratory in New York and co-author of a study published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Richard Spencer doesn't even know how to make toast.
Richard Wagner wrote operas.
Richard Wagner's day of birth was May 22, 1813.
Richard is a VR aficionado.
Richard is fair, even to people he does not like.
Richard said his mother was ill, which is a lie.
Richard turned himself into a pickle.
Richard turned into a pickle.
Richard wants to live in a Mars colony.
Richard would like to live in a Mars colony.
Riches amount to little without happiness.
Riches are for spending.
Riches cover a multitude of woes.
Riches don't interest me.
Riches have wings.
Riches only will not satisfy me.
Rick Kelly started making wooden musical instruments when he was a teenager. He learned his woodworking skills from his grandfather, but over the years, he developed his own style.
Rick and Carol broke up two months ago, but he's still carrying a torch for her.
Rick and Carol broke up two months ago, but he’s still carrying a torch for her.
Rick is my nickname.
Rick was over the moon about passing the exam.
Rick was twenty two years old and fresh out of the military when I first photographed him. He was already well known in San Francisco where he lived and well liked. These photographs in particular were taken before he would film his first video.
Rickrolling is an old meme.
Ricks, 54, is now a lawmaker in the Colorado General Assembly, elected in November 2020.
Rickshaws are exceptionally rare in Algeria today.
Rickshaws are very rare in Algiers.
Ricky, this is my friend Suzuki.
Rico, where have you been this whole time?
Riddick's eyes glow in the dark.
Riddle, enigma: I aimed at my heels and I touched my nose. What is it ? What's that? (tarf, fart).
Ride carefully.
Ride home to Wolf's Crag with me. There are places in the old tower where you might lie hid, were a thousand men to seek you.
Ride slower—you'll get further.
Ride with me.
Ride with us.
Riders can form a close bond with their horse.
Rides in the cars are for kids.
Ridicule is the food of fools.
Ridiculous!
Ridiculous.
Riding a bicycle is fun.
Riding a bicycle is great exercise.
Riding a bicycle without brakes is a stupid thing to do.
Riding a bike that doesn't have brakes is a pretty stupid thing to do.
Riding a horse brought Anna pleasure. She intends to seriously get back into it.
Riding a horse feels better than driving.
Riding a horse is a lot of fun.
Riding a horse is great fun.
Riding a horse is really thrilling.
Riding a horse is tough for a beginner.
Riding a horse isn't easy.
Riding a motorcycle is a lot of fun.
Riding a unicycle is one thing I'm not very good at.
Riding a unicycle is one thing I’m not very good at.
Riding across Montana, the cowboy said, had left his horse plumb worn out.
Riding double on a bicycle is dangerous.
Riding horses is fun.
Riding horses isn't easy.
Riding in a Ferris wheel is my favorite thing to do.
Riding in the back of that truck was extremely uncomfortable.
Riding in the car is for kids.
Riding my bicycle, the boy ran into a big rock.
Riding the bus to work would take forever.
Riding your bicycle to work every day should help you get back into shape.
Riding your bike on a path along a river surrounded by forests is really uplifting.
Rie Kawada will do my job while I'm gone.
Rie Kawada will do my job while I’m gone.
Rie and I went to the same school.
Rie has erroneous ideas.
Rifle season is starting in a couple of days.
Rifling through a dead man's belongings is ghoulish.
Riga is Latvia's capital.
Riga is the capital of Latvia.
Rigel is a supergiant blue star with a diameter more than 80 times that of our Sun and is more than 650 light years away from us.
Right - clear, left - clear..., OK, all clear.
Right about-face!
Right after I graduated from college, I went into the army.
Right after Sami and Layla got married, she got pregnant.
Right after a warm bath I drank some juice.
Right after my arrest I was interrogated several times.
Right after returning back home I fell asleep.
Right after the accident, I was in a state of shock.
Right after the teacher finished the class the bell rang.
Right after the teacher finished the class, the bell rang.
Right after you left, the Tom came.
Right after you left, the professor came.
Right after you left, the teacher came.
Right and left are opposites.
Right and wrong are two faces of the same coin. Whoever has the power decides which face gets what inscription.
Right around the corner!
Right at that instant, the bus stopped.
Right at that time the cellphone rang.
Right at the moment when I went to bed, the bell rang.
Right away, things got uncomfortable.
Right away.
Right back at ya.
Right before I was walking out the door, I noticed I had forgotten my wallet.
Right feels wrong and wrong feels right.
Right from the beginning you have lied to me.
Right here is where we need to search.
Right is of no sex. Truth is of no color.
Right is right and wrong is wrong.
Right is right, even if everyone is against it, and wrong is wrong, even if everyone is for it.
Right is victorious if might supports it.
Right is with the strongest—the limits of our power constitute our laws.
Right nearby reverberated a loud snapping of leather and a cry for help.
Right now I am typing using an electronic keyboard which is plugged into a computer.
Right now I am writing a letter to my Chinese professor, but in English.
Right now I can only have four keyboard layouts at a time, so I can't type Cyrillic.
Right now I can't think of anything else.
Right now I could die of happiness.
Right now I don't have any time.
Right now I don’t have any time.
Right now I have to say no.
Right now I just want to cry.
Right now I want for nothing.
Right now I'm at the airport.
Right now I'm having amnesia and déjà vu at the same time... I think I've forgotten this before.
Right now I'm looking for work.
Right now I'm not thirsty.
Right now I'm passing every class except French.
Right now I'm reading a book that has been written in English about French grammar.
Right now I'm training in preparation for the day we set off.
Right now I’m training in preparation for the day we set off.
Right now Tom is a little preoccupied.
Right now he's in a hospital bed.
Right now he's speaking well.
Right now is the time of year to see the cherry blossoms.
Right now it's 7:30.
Right now it's peak season in Cancún.
Right now it's the only thing I'm sure of.
Right now my brother is in sixth grade, and my sister in twelfth.
Right now my father is not at home.
Right now my father isn't at home.
Right now my problem is Tom.
Right now my score in Cooking is about 45 out of 100. Great isn't it? That's not a fail!
Right now my score in Cooking is about 45 out of 100. Great isn’t it? That’s not a fail!
Right now she's working as a waitress, but she's looking for a better job.
Right now there are 2 types of Spaniards: the ones who are willing to vote for corrupt and indicted politicians, and the ones that aren't.
Right now there are 2 types of Spaniards: the ones who are willing to vote for corrupt and indicted politicians, and the ones that aren’t.
Right now there are two suspects.
Right now there's nothing you can do to help.
Right now they're all sleeping.
Right now we are drawing animals.
Right now we don't need more engineers.
Right now your actions do not match your words.
Right now, I am busy, Tom.
Right now, I could really use something to eat.
Right now, I feel like talking.
Right now, I have more urgent matters to take care of.
Right now, I need money badly.
Right now, I need to lie down.
Right now, I need you to help me.
Right now, I need your help.
Right now, I really need money.
Right now, I simply want to be alone.
Right now, I suggest you concentrate on getting this report finished.
Right now, I think I'll just sit down.
Right now, I want to go to bed.
Right now, I want to speak Lojban.
Right now, I want you to buy me a drink.
Right now, I want you to tell me what happened to Tom.
Right now, I'd rather sleep than eat.
Right now, I'm choosing some suitable clothes to wear during the vacation.
Right now, I'm choosing suitable clothes to wear during the vacation.
Right now, I'm eating dinner.
Right now, I'm furious.
Right now, I'm in desperate need of money.
Right now, I'm in dire need of money.
Right now, I'm more worried what may happen to you than what may happen to me.
Right now, I'm not hungry.
Right now, I'm not using Mixi at all. I just play games on it sometimes.
Right now, I'm talking about Tom.
Right now, I'm too tired to do anything.
Right now, I'm trying to stay positive.
Right now, I've got bigger fish to fry.
Right now, Tom and Mary just want to be left alone.
Right now, Tom doesn't seem happy.
Right now, Tom doesn't seem very happy.
Right now, Tom is cooking.
Right now, Tom is in a superposition where he's both dead and alive at the same time.
Right now, Tom is sleeping like a lamb.
Right now, Tom just wants to be left alone.
Right now, a full-time minimum wage worker makes $14,500 a year, which leaves too many families struggling to make ends meet.
Right now, all I want to do is cry.
Right now, all I want to do is get something to eat.
Right now, all I want to do is sleep for a few hours.
Right now, he's in Amsterdam, helping a museum figure out how to un-age a Van Gogh.
Right now, it is a half past ten.
Right now, it is half past ten.
Right now, it isn't raining.
Right now, it's 2:30.
Right now, it's out of control.
Right now, let's refrain from going out and try to prevent the spread of disease.
Right now, my big sister is working at a supermarket.
Right now, nothing comes to mind.
Right now, people are scared.
Right now, she does not have anything.
Right now, she works in France.
Right now, that isn't the plan.
Right now, that's the least of our problems.
Right now, the answer is no.
Right now, the case is under review.
Right now, there are many things I need to do.
Right now, there isn't much I can do to help.
Right now, there isn't much I can do.
Right now, there isn't much that I can do to help.
Right now, things are tense.
Right now, to 20 people only, we're revealing for free the secret of manipulating younger women.
Right now, to 20 people only, we’re revealing for free the secret of manipulating younger women.
Right now, we can still make it to the metro station.
Right now, we don't need more engineers.
Right now, we have a problem that's a little more pressing.
Right now, we have blueberries, blackberries, cherries, strawberries, peaches and nectarines.
Right now, we have to find out what happened.
Right now, we have to run.
Right now, we need to deal with this.
Right now, we're eating dinner.
Right now, we're just concentrating on collecting data.
Right now, we've got another problem.
Right now, we've got bigger problems.
Right now, you don't have to reveal what's bothering you, but you need to acknowledge it.
Right now, you have other problems.
Right on schedule, that contractor came around today, begging for more time.
Right on!
Right on.
Right then and there, he got up and left.
Right then, I knew there was going to be change.
Right then, I've heard enough rubbish for one morning. I'm going to have lunch.
Right then, go home.
Right this way, please.
Right this way.
Right when you left, they arrived.
Right!
Right, I said, shivering at this recital as a man would who gets hysterical while taking a shower if a bit of soap stings his eye.
Right, I see. But it's complicated.
Right, let's start our work.
Right, stretch to your full height, please.
Right, stretch to your full length, please.
Right, that settles it.
Right, while we're taking a walk anyway, we could like go along the woodland path and enjoy a little stroll through the forest...
Right, while we’re taking a walk anyway, we could like go along the woodland path and enjoy a little stroll through the forest...
Right-click here to download the file to your computer.
Right-wing ideologues are quick to point out the pathology of gender dysphoria but slow to acknowledge its standard treatment, gender transition.
Right-wing libertarians espouse free markets and limited government.
Right-wing politics is largely concerned with making the poor believe they have more in common with the rich than with other poor people.
Right-wing terror is extremely dangerous.
Right-wing terrorists violently intimidated Target into removing trans-friendly merchandise.
Right-wingers are the only people in America who consistently advocate and vote for the right to marry children.
Right-wingers constitute almost all domestic terrorists in the United States.
Right-wingers don't buy electric cars.
Right-wingers invent the wildest persecution fantasies.
Right. So you had three months.
Right; I understand.
Right; he is intelligent, he is an intelligent little asshole.
Right; thank you.
Right?
Rightfully so.
Rightists often dislike regulatory legislation.
Rightness of limitation is essential for growth of reality.
Rights activists, however, say the law is being misunderstood and the “misinformed” debate against it is further endangering the transgender community.
Rights are not given, they are fought for.
Rights are not granted, but conquered.
Rights group Amnesty International's annual report documents human rights violations in nearly 160 countries and claims 2017 saw the politics of hate and fear normalized by some of the most powerful leaders in the world.
Rights groups in the United States say they are seeing a rise in hate speech and attacks against Asian Americans since the coronavirus pandemic began last year.
Righty tighty, lefty loosey.
Rigid wheels give sufficient stability to a low-speed vehicle steered by outside forces.
Rigor mortis has already set in.
Rigor mortis has definitely set in.
Rigor mortis has set in.
Rigor mortis has yet to set in.
Rigor mortis hasn't yet set in.
Rigor mortis sets in soon after death.
Rigorous controls also exist for turkey production at Butterball Turkey LLC, which says the regulations are ingrained in how they produce food.
Rika had a good time singing at the party.
Riley Gaines managed to turn a fifth-place tie with a trans woman, the most inconsequential thing imaginable, into a career as a paid anti-trans activist.
Rima abandoned her child for her career.
Rima absolutely hated that new Kabyle dress.
Rima accepted Adriano’s proposal by her own volition.
Rima accepted Ziri's bouquet with a smile.
Rima accepted the flowers.
Rima accompanied Mina.
Rima accompanied the children to school.
Rima accused Skura of stealing her boyfriend.
Rima acted all sweet.
Rima admitted that she was pregnant.
Rima admitted to the murder.
Rima agreed to be Skura’s stylist for her wedding.
Rima agreed to go on a date with Ziri.
Rima agreed to sleep with Antonio.
Rima alerted the police.
Rima allowed Gustavo to kiss her.
Rima almost died.
Rima almost drowned.
Rima almost fell.
Rima almost laughed.
Rima already has a new boyfriend.
Rima also worked at a restaurant in the evening.
Rima always acted like she was some kind of princess.
Rima always biked.
Rima always cries at weddings.
Rima always goes to the salon.
Rima always had a beautiful handbag.
Rima always had a beautiful purse.
Rima always jogged.
Rima always wears a frock at parties.
Rima always wears a haik.
Rima always wears an abaya.
Rima always wore a Kabyle dress.
Rima always wore a bikini on the beach.
Rima always wore a blouse.
Rima always wore a blue bow in her hair.
Rima always wore a bra.
Rima always wore a cardigan.
Rima always wore a dress.
Rima always wore a fur coat.
Rima always wore a gym suit.
Rima always wore a hijab.
Rima always wore a negligee in her room.
Rima always wore a pleated skirt.
Rima always wore a ring.
Rima always wore a singlet.
Rima always wore a skirt.
Rima always wore a sleepshirt.
Rima always wore a straw hat.
Rima always wore a swimsuit on the beach.
Rima always wore a tank top.
Rima always wore a trench coat.
Rima always wore an Islamic headscarf.
Rima always wore an apron.
Rima always wore dress pants.
Rima always wore earmuffs.
Rima always wore earrings.
Rima always wore high heels.
Rima always wore high-heel shoes.
Rima always wore hijab.
Rima always wore leggings.
Rima always wore tight clothing.
Rima and Nuja are crying.
Rima and Nuja are mothers.
Rima and Nuja are not sick.
Rima and Nuja aren't sick.
Rima and Nuja became mechanics.
Rima and Nuja can't talk right now.
Rima and Nuja congratulated Mira.
Rima and Nuja dated the same guy at the same time.
Rima and Nuja dropped Mira off.
Rima and Nuja haven't eaten anything.
Rima and Nuja talked about their home life.
Rima and Nuja took Rima to the beach.
Rima and Nuja want to have some girl talk.
Rima and Nuja went against each other for a guy.
Rima and Nuja were dancing at work.
Rima and Nuja were dating the same guy.
Rima and Nuja were fighting over a boy.
Rima and Nuja were living there.
Rima and Nuja were the two Algerian girls in the group.
Rima and Skrua are awake.
Rima and Skrua are terrified.
Rima and Skrua breed sheep.
Rima and Skrua came running.
Rima and Skrua could drive.
Rima and Skrua dislike Mina.
Rima and Skrua got sheep.
Rima and Skrua happily agreed.
Rima and Skrua have sheep.
Rima and Skrua insult people.
Rima and Skrua lack empathy.
Rima and Skrua made comments.
Rima and Skrua played poker.
Rima and Skrua spoke confidently.
Rima and Skrua were able to fix the computer.
Rima and Skrua were airlifted.
Rima and Skrua were careful.
Rima and Skrua were confused.
Rima and Skrua were first.
Rima and Skrua were here.
Rima and Skrua were tried.
Rima and Skrua were unprepared.
Rima and Skura accompanied Mina.
Rima and Skura accompanied the children to school.
Rima and Skura admitted to the murder.
Rima and Skura alerted the police.
Rima and Skura almost died.
Rima and Skura almost drowned.
Rima and Skura almost fell.
Rima and Skura almost laughed.
Rima and Skura also worked at a restaurant in the evening.
Rima and Skura always biked.
Rima and Skura always jogged.
Rima and Skura annoyed Mina.
Rima and Skura answered nothing.
Rima and Skura answered the call.
Rima and Skura answered without hesitation.
Rima and Skura appeared unarmed.
Rima and Skura applied to law school.
Rima and Skura approached Mina.
Rima and Skura are OK now.
Rima and Skura are OK.
Rima and Skura are adamant.
Rima and Skura are adopted.
Rima and Skura are aging.
Rima and Skura are alone.
Rima and Skura are always right.
Rima and Skura are ambidextrous.
Rima and Skura are angry.
Rima and Skura are arrogant.
Rima and Skura are at law school.
Rima and Skura are at school at the moment.
Rima and Skura are available.
Rima and Skura are away.
Rima and Skura are beautiful.
Rima and Skura are begging Linda.
Rima and Skura are bored.
Rima and Skura are chewing.
Rima and Skura are coming home from school early.
Rima and Skura are concerned.
Rima and Skura are cooking broccoli.
Rima and Skura are cooking something.
Rima and Skura are dancing.
Rima and Skura are depressed.
Rima and Skura are doing fine.
Rima and Skura are doing well at school.
Rima and Skura are dreaming.
Rima and Skura are driving.
Rima and Skura are drunk.
Rima and Skura are enjoying themselves on the beach.
Rima and Skura are enraged.
Rima and Skura are everywhere.
Rima and Skura are exercising.
Rima and Skura are experienced.
Rima and Skura are famous.
Rima and Skura are fat.
Rima and Skura are filming.
Rima and Skura are filthy rich.
Rima and Skura are fine.
Rima and Skura are finished.
Rima and Skura are fixing computers.
Rima and Skura are flying.
Rima and Skura are going out.
Rima and Skura are going.
Rima and Skura are gone.
Rima and Skura are good.
Rima and Skura are having a rat infestation in their mansion.
Rima and Skura are healthy.
Rima and Skura are here for a computer.
Rima and Skura are here for bank robbery.
Rima and Skura are hiding.
Rima and Skura are hiking.
Rima and Skura are horrified.
Rima and Skura are hungry.
Rima and Skura are hurt.
Rima and Skura are identical twin sisters.
Rima and Skura are ill, that's why they haven't gone to school.
Rima and Skura are in custody.
Rima and Skura are in danger.
Rima and Skura are in prison.
Rima and Skura are in the hospital.
Rima and Skura are in trouble.
Rima and Skura are in.
Rima and Skura are indifferent.
Rima and Skura are infected.
Rima and Skura are injured.
Rima and Skura are interested.
Rima and Skura are intimidating.
Rima and Skura are joking.
Rima and Skura are late again.
Rima and Skura are late.
Rima and Skura are listening.
Rima and Skura are losing.
Rima and Skura are manipulative.
Rima and Skura are motivated.
Rima and Skura are mumbling.
Rima and Skura are needy.
Rima and Skura are nice.
Rima and Skura are no fools.
Rima and Skura are not alone.
Rima and Skura are not going to take the children to school.
Rima and Skura are nuts.
Rima and Skura are outside.
Rima and Skura are over there.
Rima and Skura are part owners of this restaurant.
Rima and Skura are pathetic.
Rima and Skura are pitiful.
Rima and Skura are popular girls at school.
Rima and Skura are popular kids at school.
Rima and Skura are positive.
Rima and Skura are praying.
Rima and Skura are prepared.
Rima and Skura are quiet.
Rima and Skura are quite big.
Rima and Skura are quite small.
Rima and Skura are reading.
Rima and Skura are ready to leave for the airport.
Rima and Skura are ready.
Rima and Skura are redecorating.
Rima and Skura are respectful.
Rima and Skura are resting.
Rima and Skura are right.
Rima and Skura are satisfied.
Rima and Skura are shaking.
Rima and Skura are single.
Rima and Skura are skinny.
Rima and Skura are small.
Rima and Skura are smoking.
Rima and Skura are sorry.
Rima and Skura are speaking.
Rima and Skura are starving.
Rima and Skura are still here.
Rima and Skura are still inside.
Rima and Skura are still out.
Rima and Skura are still talking.
Rima and Skura are still there.
Rima and Skura are still working.
Rima and Skura are strong.
Rima and Skura are studying the respiratory system at school.
Rima and Skura are studying.
Rima and Skura are subscribed.
Rima and Skura are suffering.
Rima and Skura are suffocating.
Rima and Skura are surprised.
Rima and Skura are sweating.
Rima and Skura are talking.
Rima and Skura are teaching Berber at a nearby school.
Rima and Skura are teaching Berber next school year.
Rima and Skura are there.
Rima and Skura are thirsty.
Rima and Skura are tired.
Rima and Skura are too strict.
Rima and Skura are tough.
Rima and Skura are traveling west.
Rima and Skura are trying hard.
Rima and Skura are trying.
Rima and Skura are ugly.
Rima and Skura are uninjured.
Rima and Skura are unintimidated.
Rima and Skura are waiting.
Rima and Skura are walking.
Rima and Skura are warm.
Rima and Skura are wasting time.
Rima and Skura are watching.
Rima and Skura are weak.
Rima and Skura are welding.
Rima and Skura are well.
Rima and Skura are white.
Rima and Skura are with me.
Rima and Skura are writing an article for the school newspaper.
Rima and Skura aren't alone.
Rima and Skura aren't going to take the children to school.
Rima and Skura aren't leaving.
Rima and Skura argued with the bus driver.
Rima and Skura arrived at the airport.
Rima and Skura arrived at the hospital.
Rima and Skura arrived quickly.
Rima and Skura asked the cab driver to take them back to the mansion.
Rima and Skura ate apricots.
Rima and Skura ate bananas.
Rima and Skura ate lunch at Linda’s restaurant.
Rima and Skura ate meatloaves.
Rima and Skura attacked Nuja.
Rima and Skura attend primary school.
Rima and Skura attend state school.
Rima and Skura attended college.
Rima and Skura avoid attachment.
Rima and Skura avoid generalizations.
Rima and Skura avoid texting.
Rima and Skura avoided that.
Rima and Skura backed away.
Rima and Skura baked some cakes.
Rima and Skura became afraid.
Rima and Skura became aggressive.
Rima and Skura became agitated.
Rima and Skura became architects.
Rima and Skura became concerned.
Rima and Skura became defensive.
Rima and Skura became distant.
Rima and Skura became enraged.
Rima and Skura became famous.
Rima and Skura became invisible.
Rima and Skura became livid.
Rima and Skura became scared.
Rima and Skura became unavailable.
Rima and Skura became very bored.
Rima and Skura became vulnerable.
Rima and Skura began to scream.
Rima and Skura behaved responsibly.
Rima and Skura believe that.
Rima and Skura believe this.
Rima and Skura believed Mina immediately.
Rima and Skura belittled Mira.
Rima and Skura betrayed Silya.
Rima and Skura both got Ds.
Rima and Skura bought Nuja’s restaurant.
Rima and Skura bought a new hotel.
Rima and Skura bought balloons.
Rima and Skura bought shoes.
Rima and Skura bought something.
Rima and Skura bought that.
Rima and Skura bowed down.
Rima and Skura brainwashed Silya.
Rima and Skura breathed deeply.
Rima and Skura broke the rules.
Rima and Skura broke the stove.
Rima and Skura broke them.
Rima and Skura brought their computer.
Rima and Skura brutally murdered Mina.
Rima and Skura burped loudly.
Rima and Skura called Mina again.
Rima and Skura called Nuja.
Rima and Skura called an ambulance.
Rima and Skura called me.
Rima and Skura called security.
Rima and Skura called the police on Nuja.
Rima and Skura called the police to their house.
Rima and Skura called their parents.
Rima and Skura called us.
Rima and Skura came along.
Rima and Skura came closer.
Rima and Skura came first.
Rima and Skura came home from school.
Rima and Skura came immediately.
Rima and Skura came in the summer.
Rima and Skura came late.
Rima and Skura came outside.
Rima and Skura came over after school.
Rima and Skura came over.
Rima and Skura came prepared.
Rima and Skura came to play.
Rima and Skura came to school on a train.
Rima and Skura came to the school.
Rima and Skura came up.
Rima and Skura camp often.
Rima and Skura camped here.
Rima and Skura can cook.
Rima and Skura can dance.
Rima and Skura can go.
Rima and Skura can play music.
Rima and Skura can play.
Rima and Skura can read.
Rima and Skura can run.
Rima and Skura can speak.
Rima and Skura can start.
Rima and Skura can talk.
Rima and Skura can try.
Rima and Skura can use Dad’s computer tonight.
Rima and Skura can work.
Rima and Skura can't get used to their new school.
Rima and Skura can't sleep.
Rima and Skura canceled everything.
Rima and Skura cannot dance.
Rima and Skura cannot sleep.
Rima and Skura can’t get used to the new school.
Rima and Skura can’t prove that to the police.
Rima and Skura carried Mina.
Rima and Skura carried on.
Rima and Skura caught a bus.
Rima and Skura celebrate their birthdays.
Rima and Skura celebrated their birthday.
Rima and Skura changed clothes.
Rima and Skura changed their names.
Rima and Skura chased Nuja.
Rima and Skura checked that.
Rima and Skura checked their shirts.
Rima and Skura clapped excitedly.
Rima and Skura cleaned that up.
Rima and Skura cleaned the fish.
Rima and Skura closed the curtains.
Rima and Skura closed their eyes.
Rima and Skura closed their store.
Rima and Skura coach Mina.
Rima and Skura collected guns.
Rima and Skura collected swords.
Rima and Skura communicate assertively.
Rima and Skura completely disappeared.
Rima and Skura complimented Mina.
Rima and Skura confessed to that.
Rima and Skura confirmed that.
Rima and Skura confronted Mina.
Rima and Skura contacted the police again.
Rima and Skura continued drinking.
Rima and Skura continued north.
Rima and Skura continued swimming.
Rima and Skura continued teaching.
Rima and Skura continued walking.
Rima and Skura contracted chlamydia.
Rima and Skura controlled Mina.
Rima and Skura corrected it.
Rima and Skura corrected that.
Rima and Skura could not move.
Rima and Skura couldn't leave school.
Rima and Skura couldn't walk to school for a whole week.
Rima and Skura couldn’t concentrate in school.
Rima and Skura couldn’t pick Lina up from the airport.
Rima and Skura counted on Linda.
Rima and Skura craved love.
Rima and Skura crippled Mina.
Rima and Skura dance alone.
Rima and Skura danced with Mina.
Rima and Skura decided not to call the police.
Rima and Skura decided to call the police.
Rima and Skura decided to join Nuja in the ambulance.
Rima and Skura decided to take their dogs to the beach.
Rima and Skura denied it.
Rima and Skura denied that.
Rima and Skura denied this.
Rima and Skura depended on Linda.
Rima and Skura described the interaction they had with that man to the police.
Rima and Skura deserted their posts.
Rima and Skura deserve it.
Rima and Skura deserve to know.
Rima and Skura deserved it.
Rima and Skura dialed the number.
Rima and Skura dialled 911.
Rima and Skura did badly at school.
Rima and Skura did good.
Rima and Skura did his school-leaving exams in 2013.
Rima and Skura did nothing.
Rima and Skura did rowing.
Rima and Skura did shit.
Rima and Skura did that deliberately.
Rima and Skura did that.
Rima and Skura didn't reply.
Rima and Skura didn't talk at the airport.
Rima and Skura didn’t even call the school to inform them.
Rima and Skura didn’t tell the truth to the police.
Rima and Skura didn’t want to call the police.
Rima and Skura died last week.
Rima and Skura discovered that.
Rima and Skura discovered this.
Rima and Skura dissected frogs.
Rima and Skura disturbed Mina.
Rima and Skura do care.
Rima and Skura do it.
Rima and Skura do something else.
Rima and Skura do this after school.
Rima and Skura do this.
Rima and Skura do work hard.
Rima and Skura documented those death threats and called the police.
Rima and Skura don't go to school on Saturday.
Rima and Skura don't know how to hack computers.
Rima and Skura don't want to go to school today.
Rima and Skura don’t have a computer.
Rima and Skura don’t want Nuja to go to school all rumpled.
Rima and Skura don’t want to be late for school.
Rima and Skura downloaded WhatsApp.
Rima and Skura drank some water.
Rima and Skura drank wine.
Rima and Skura dressed up.
Rima and Skura drew Mina.
Rima and Skura dropped out of school.
Rima and Skura dropped out.
Rima and Skura dropped their phones.
Rima and Skura drove Linda crazy.
Rima and Skura drove a Chevy.
Rima and Skura drove a Volvo.
Rima and Skura drowned.
Rima and Skura dug a hole.
Rima and Skura each got a D.
Rima and Skura earn money.
Rima and Skura earned money.
Rima and Skura ended up coming to the restaurant.
Rima and Skura entered the highway.
Rima and Skura entered the house.
Rima and Skura entered the school in regular clothes.
Rima and Skura entered the school.
Rima and Skura envied Silya.
Rima and Skura escaped upstairs.
Rima and Skura eventually agreed.
Rima and Skura eventually collapsed.
Rima and Skura eventually died.
Rima and Skura exhaled.
Rima and Skura experienced rejection.
Rima and Skura explained everything.
Rima and Skura exposed Mina.
Rima and Skura exposed themselves.
Rima and Skura faced worse.
Rima and Skura faked it.
Rima and Skura fear abandonment.
Rima and Skura fed their dog.
Rima and Skura feel comfortable.
Rima and Skura fell asleep first.
Rima and Skura fell asleep.
Rima and Skura fell back.
Rima and Skura fell over in the school playground.
Rima and Skura felt alone.
Rima and Skura felt ashamed.
Rima and Skura felt betrayed.
Rima and Skura felt defeated.
Rima and Skura felt dizzy.
Rima and Skura felt fine.
Rima and Skura felt followed.
Rima and Skura felt good.
Rima and Skura felt humiliated.
Rima and Skura felt jealous.
Rima and Skura felt neglected.
Rima and Skura felt pain.
Rima and Skura felt rejected.
Rima and Skura felt rejection.
Rima and Skura felt rejuvenated.
Rima and Skura felt sad.
Rima and Skura felt sick.
Rima and Skura felt stupid.
Rima and Skura felt that.
Rima and Skura felt unappreciated.
Rima and Skura felt uneasy.
Rima and Skura felt unwanted.
Rima and Skura felt violated.
Rima and Skura felt worried.
Rima and Skura filmed that.
Rima and Skura finally agreed.
Rima and Skura finally succeeded.
Rima and Skura finished high school.
Rima and Skura finished lunch.
Rima and Skura finished praying.
Rima and Skura finished secondary school last year.
Rima and Skura finished talking.
Rima and Skura finished that.
Rima and Skura finished the job.
Rima and Skura finished the school year.
Rima and Skura fired repeatedly.
Rima and Skura followed me.
Rima and Skura followed their instincts.
Rima and Skura followed them.
Rima and Skura forgave Mina.
Rima and Skura fought Nuja.
Rima and Skura found an old book in the loft from their school days.
Rima and Skura found footprints.
Rima and Skura found someone else to interview for their school project.
Rima and Skura freaked out.
Rima and Skura froze instantly.
Rima and Skura gained confidence.
Rima and Skura gained power.
Rima and Skura gave Mina attention.
Rima and Skura gave the police their statement as to what happened.
Rima and Skura gladly agreed.
Rima and Skura glanced back.
Rima and Skura glared at Mina.
Rima and Skura go fishing.
Rima and Skura go to a state school.
Rima and Skura go to high school.
Rima and Skura go to nursery school.
Rima and Skura go to riding school every week to learn how to ride.
Rima and Skura go to the best private school in Algiers.
Rima and Skura got accepted.
Rima and Skura got back from school.
Rima and Skura got bitten.
Rima and Skura got bored.
Rima and Skura got caught.
Rima and Skura got closer.
Rima and Skura got defensive.
Rima and Skura got detained.
Rima and Skura got discouraged.
Rima and Skura got evicted.
Rima and Skura got excited.
Rima and Skura got grounded.
Rima and Skura got heartbroken.
Rima and Skura got home.
Rima and Skura got insulted.
Rima and Skura got it.
Rima and Skura got lucky.
Rima and Skura got noisy.
Rima and Skura got out.
Rima and Skura got outside.
Rima and Skura got paid.
Rima and Skura got played.
Rima and Skura got rejected.
Rima and Skura got rich.
Rima and Skura got scared.
Rima and Skura got sick.
Rima and Skura got spooked.
Rima and Skura got stabbed.
Rima and Skura got stressed.
Rima and Skura got there.
Rima and Skura got tips.
Rima and Skura got undressed.
Rima and Skura got vaccinated.
Rima and Skura graduated from high school remotely.
Rima and Skura graduated high school.
Rima and Skura greeted the principal.
Rima and Skura grew stronger.
Rima and Skura had a crowbar.
Rima and Skura had a sandwich.
Rima and Skura had bills.
Rima and Skura had computers on their laps.
Rima and Skura had fun.
Rima and Skura had grandparents.
Rima and Skura had hallucinations.
Rima and Skura had no enemies.
Rima and Skura had no idea.
Rima and Skura had suspicions.
Rima and Skura had to take their mother to the hospital.
Rima and Skura had to travel on a bus.
Rima and Skura handled snakes.
Rima and Skura hardly ever missed school.
Rima and Skura harmed people.
Rima and Skura hate asparagus.
Rima and Skura hate commercials.
Rima and Skura hate cooking.
Rima and Skura hate fishing.
Rima and Skura hate football.
Rima and Skura hate ivy.
Rima and Skura hate parties.
Rima and Skura hate reptiles.
Rima and Skura hate scary movies.
Rima and Skura hate shrimps.
Rima and Skura hate teenagers.
Rima and Skura hate that.
Rima and Skura hate this.
Rima and Skura hate women.
Rima and Skura hated Nuja.
Rima and Skura hated commercials.
Rima and Skura hated staying after school.
Rima and Skura hated their high school experience.
Rima and Skura have YouTube.
Rima and Skura have a day off school tomorrow.
Rima and Skura have already left.
Rima and Skura have an iguana.
Rima and Skura have balloons.
Rima and Skura have been sharing the same boyfriend.
Rima and Skura have cats.
Rima and Skura have changed a lot since secondary school.
Rima and Skura have children.
Rima and Skura have disappeared.
Rima and Skura have earplugs.
Rima and Skura have experience.
Rima and Skura have fainted.
Rima and Skura have finished.
Rima and Skura have friends.
Rima and Skura have got plans.
Rima and Skura have got to go straight to school.
Rima and Skura have grandchildren.
Rima and Skura have guests.
Rima and Skura have issues.
Rima and Skura have just arrived at the school.
Rima and Skura have just finished secondary school.
Rima and Skura have milk.
Rima and Skura have money.
Rima and Skura have no computer.
Rima and Skura have problems.
Rima and Skura have stopped.
Rima and Skura have that.
Rima and Skura have their own restaurant.
Rima and Skura have this app.
Rima and Skura have vanished.
Rima and Skura haven't seen you since secondary school.
Rima and Skura headed back inside.
Rima and Skura headed out there.
Rima and Skura headed out.
Rima and Skura heard it.
Rima and Skura heard jackals.
Rima and Skura heard screaming.
Rima and Skura heated the food.
Rima and Skura help Mina.
Rima and Skura helped Nuja.
Rima and Skura helped her.
Rima and Skura helped others.
Rima and Skura helped people.
Rima and Skura helped.
Rima and Skura hesitantly agreed.
Rima and Skura hire prostitutes.
Rima and Skura hired Mina.
Rima and Skura hit Silya.
Rima and Skura hugged Mina.
Rima and Skura hurried home.
Rima and Skura hurried inside.
Rima and Skura hurried out of the restaurant.
Rima and Skura hurriedly left.
Rima and Skura idealized Mina.
Rima and Skura identified their shooter.
Rima and Skura ignored Mina.
Rima and Skura ignored him.
Rima and Skura immediately came.
Rima and Skura immediately felt annoyed.
Rima and Skura inched forward.
Rima and Skura inquired.
Rima and Skura insulted Mina.
Rima and Skura interjected themselves again.
Rima and Skura interviewed presidents.
Rima and Skura irritated Mina.
Rima and Skura joined school in the fourth grade.
Rima and Skura jumped off.
Rima and Skura just came in.
Rima and Skura just cried.
Rima and Skura just left.
Rima and Skura just stood there.
Rima and Skura just stopped.
Rima and Skura just went.
Rima and Skura kept crawling.
Rima and Skura kept fighting.
Rima and Skura kept going.
Rima and Skura kept insisting.
Rima and Skura kept moving.
Rima and Skura kept playing.
Rima and Skura kept pushing.
Rima and Skura kept smiling.
Rima and Skura kept talking.
Rima and Skura kept twitching.
Rima and Skura kept walking.
Rima and Skura kicked Silya.
Rima and Skura knew Nuja.
Rima and Skura knew it.
Rima and Skura knew the airport.
Rima and Skura know nothing.
Rima and Skura know that man.
Rima and Skura know that, too.
Rima and Skura know this app.
Rima and Skura leant forward.
Rima and Skura learned Berber at school.
Rima and Skura learned nothing at school.
Rima and Skura learnt some Berber.
Rima and Skura left Algeria.
Rima and Skura left Algiers.
Rima and Skura left Islam.
Rima and Skura left Linda there.
Rima and Skura left Silya.
Rima and Skura left at noon.
Rima and Skura left immediately.
Rima and Skura left school aged 16 with no qualifications.
Rima and Skura left school when they were sixteen.
Rima and Skura left school.
Rima and Skura left the farm.
Rima and Skura left the kitchen.
Rima and Skura left the store.
Rima and Skura let themselves loose.
Rima and Skura lied to Mina.
Rima and Skura like it.
Rima and Skura like ivy.
Rima and Skura like pasta.
Rima and Skura like pizza.
Rima and Skura like sex.
Rima and Skura like that.
Rima and Skura like tortoises.
Rima and Skura liked Silya.
Rima and Skura liked biking.
Rima and Skura liked it.
Rima and Skura liked pizza.
Rima and Skura liked that.
Rima and Skura listed their computer on Craigslist.
Rima and Skura listened carefully.
Rima and Skura listened to that.
Rima and Skura live far from their high school.
Rima and Skura live in their newly restored mansion.
Rima and Skura live incognito.
Rima and Skura live near Nuja’s school.
Rima and Skura lived alone.
Rima and Skura lived in an enormous mansion.
Rima and Skura lived there.
Rima and Skura lived with Mina.
Rima and Skura logged in.
Rima and Skura look amazing.
Rima and Skura look devastated.
Rima and Skura look happy.
Rima and Skura look sad.
Rima and Skura look terrible.
Rima and Skura looked around them.
Rima and Skura looked at Mina.
Rima and Skura looked different.
Rima and Skura looked for Mina.
Rima and Skura looked horrified.
Rima and Skura looked irritated.
Rima and Skura looked really scared.
Rima and Skura looked shocked.
Rima and Skura looked strange.
Rima and Skura looked very scared.
Rima and Skura lost consciousness.
Rima and Skura lost custody.
Rima and Skura lost everything.
Rima and Skura lost service.
Rima and Skura lost the battle.
Rima and Skura lost them.
Rima and Skura love Algeria.
Rima and Skura love Martinis.
Rima and Skura love Silya.
Rima and Skura love antiques.
Rima and Skura love arts.
Rima and Skura love camping.
Rima and Skura love cocktails.
Rima and Skura love fishing.
Rima and Skura love hospitals.
Rima and Skura love it.
Rima and Skura love literature.
Rima and Skura love money.
Rima and Skura love nature.
Rima and Skura love oranges.
Rima and Skura love plums.
Rima and Skura love poetry.
Rima and Skura love sex.
Rima and Skura love soccer.
Rima and Skura love spaghetti.
Rima and Skura love stargazing.
Rima and Skura love watermelon.
Rima and Skura loved attention.
Rima and Skura loved change.
Rima and Skura loved hiking.
Rima and Skura made a discovery.
Rima and Skura made an exception.
Rima and Skura made clothes.
Rima and Skura made noise.
Rima and Skura made really cool friendships at that high school.
Rima and Skura made the burgers.
Rima and Skura made the salad.
Rima and Skura made the strongest pinky promise ever.
Rima and Skura majored in psychology.
Rima and Skura making good money.
Rima and Skura may collapse.
Rima and Skura may faint.
Rima and Skura mentioned that.
Rima and Skura messaged Mina.
Rima and Skura miss Algeria.
Rima and Skura miss Mina.
Rima and Skura missed Sunday school.
Rima and Skura missed an appointment.
Rima and Skura missed it.
Rima and Skura missed that.
Rima and Skura missed the bus.
Rima and Skura mixed everything together.
Rima and Skura moved abroad.
Rima and Skura moved away.
Rima and Skura moved forward.
Rima and Skura moved in.
Rima and Skura moved out.
Rima and Skura moved towards Mina.
Rima and Skura murdered Silya.
Rima and Skura need Silya.
Rima and Skura need a hand.
Rima and Skura need one.
Rima and Skura need oxygen.
Rima and Skura need paper.
Rima and Skura need sex.
Rima and Skura need some space.
Rima and Skura need supplies.
Rima and Skura need that time.
Rima and Skura need that.
Rima and Skura need to learn how to fix their computer.
Rima and Skura need vitamins.
Rima and Skura needed Silya.
Rima and Skura needed me.
Rima and Skura needed sunglasses.
Rima and Skura needed that.
Rima and Skura never came.
Rima and Skura never complain.
Rima and Skura never dance.
Rima and Skura never drove.
Rima and Skura never fought.
Rima and Skura never lie.
Rima and Skura never miss.
Rima and Skura never reported that to the police.
Rima and Skura never ride the bus to and from school.
Rima and Skura never saw Linda.
Rima and Skura never saw Nuja at school again.
Rima and Skura never use a computer mouse.
Rima and Skura never won.
Rima and Skura noticed that.
Rima and Skura notified both the school and the police.
Rima and Skura often bunk off school.
Rima and Skura often skive off school.
Rima and Skura only let Nuja out of the house for school.
Rima and Skura ordered champagne.
Rima and Skura ordered food.
Rima and Skura ordered pizza.
Rima and Skura overheard that.
Rima and Skura own this restaurant.
Rima and Skura packed their school satchels for the coming day.
Rima and Skura paid Silya.
Rima and Skura paid attention.
Rima and Skura paid the check.
Rima and Skura passed out at school.
Rima and Skura pay more.
Rima and Skura picked up Mina.
Rima and Skura pissed me off.
Rima and Skura planted a tree.
Rima and Skura planted heathers.
Rima and Skura play alone.
Rima and Skura play basketball.
Rima and Skura play bingo.
Rima and Skura played Silya.
Rima and Skura played all day.
Rima and Skura played alone.
Rima and Skura played baseball.
Rima and Skura played basketball.
Rima and Skura played chess.
Rima and Skura played classical music.
Rima and Skura played football.
Rima and Skura played music.
Rima and Skura played soccer.
Rima and Skura played some music.
Rima and Skura poisoned Mina.
Rima and Skura posted comments.
Rima and Skura prayed asr.
Rima and Skura prepared dinner.
Rima and Skura pressed charges.
Rima and Skura pressed play.
Rima and Skura provide escorts.
Rima and Skura pulled over.
Rima and Skura purchased a shotgun.
Rima and Skura purchased medicine.
Rima and Skura put the software on their computer.
Rima and Skura quickly ran.
Rima and Skura quickly vanished.
Rima and Skura ran as fast as possible to the police station.
Rima and Skura ran faster.
Rima and Skura ran hard.
Rima and Skura ran home.
Rima and Skura ran out.
Rima and Skura ran until they reached the school parking lot.
Rima and Skura rarely go there.
Rima and Skura reached the school parking lot.
Rima and Skura read a book.
Rima and Skura read adventure books.
Rima and Skura reassured Mina.
Rima and Skura recently started school.
Rima and Skura recognized Mina.
Rima and Skura recognized.
Rima and Skura recorded that.
Rima and Skura recovered from cancer.
Rima and Skura recycled batteries.
Rima and Skura regret not having studied hard at school.
Rima and Skura remained calm.
Rima and Skura remained still.
Rima and Skura remorse.
Rima and Skura repeated that.
Rima and Skura reported that to campus police.
Rima and Skura reported that to the police.
Rima and Skura resent that.
Rima and Skura respect Silya.
Rima and Skura respect people.
Rima and Skura responded differently.
Rima and Skura resumed paddling.
Rima and Skura ride the bus every day.
Rima and Skura ruined Mina.
Rima and Skura ruined everything.
Rima and Skura ruined it.
Rima and Skura ruined the lunch.
Rima and Skura run the restaurant.
Rima and Skura rushed away.
Rima and Skura rushed inside.
Rima and Skura rushed outside.
Rima and Skura sang alone.
Rima and Skura sang well.
Rima and Skura saved money.
Rima and Skura saw Nuja at the bar this afternoon kissing another man.
Rima and Skura saw a wolf.
Rima and Skura saw jackals.
Rima and Skura saw me.
Rima and Skura scared Nuja.
Rima and Skura searched for Mina.
Rima and Skura seemed concerned.
Rima and Skura seemed different.
Rima and Skura seemed happy.
Rima and Skura seemed spooked.
Rima and Skura serve drinks.
Rima and Skura served customers.
Rima and Skura served sandwiches.
Rima and Skura set the table.
Rima and Skura severely injured.
Rima and Skura shook Mina awake.
Rima and Skura shot the wolf.
Rima and Skura should do that.
Rima and Skura should go.
Rima and Skura should have called an ambulance.
Rima and Skura should investigate.
Rima and Skura should never have eaten at that restaurant.
Rima and Skura should never have stayed at that hotel.
Rima and Skura should report Nuja to the police right away.
Rima and Skura should've paid more attention at school.
Rima and Skura showed Linda that.
Rima and Skura showed Nuja the other side of the mansion.
Rima and Skura showed the police to the closet.
Rima and Skura showed up at school.
Rima and Skura showed up.
Rima and Skura showered there.
Rima and Skura slapped Silya.
Rima and Skura slept OK.
Rima and Skura slept alone.
Rima and Skura slept better.
Rima and Skura slept on the bus.
Rima and Skura slept restlessly.
Rima and Skura slipped and fell.
Rima and Skura slowly sidestepped.
Rima and Skura smell disgusting.
Rima and Skura smelt funky.
Rima and Skura smelt that.
Rima and Skura smelt urine.
Rima and Skura smiled at Mina.
Rima and Skura smiled back.
Rima and Skura smoke pot.
Rima and Skura smoke weed.
Rima and Skura smothered Maya.
Rima and Skura snuck out.
Rima and Skura soiled themselves.
Rima and Skura sold cookies.
Rima and Skura sold their house.
Rima and Skura sold vuvuzelas.
Rima and Skura sounded angry.
Rima and Skura sounded crazy.
Rima and Skura sounded insane.
Rima and Skura sounded pretty similar.
Rima and Skura sounded ridiculous.
Rima and Skura speed-walked.
Rima and Skura spent a really nice day on the beach.
Rima and Skura spent the night fixing the computer.
Rima and Skura spoke Berber.
Rima and Skura spoke again.
Rima and Skura spotted Mina.
Rima and Skura stabbed themselves.
Rima and Skura started apologizing.
Rima and Skura started cooking.
Rima and Skura started coughing.
Rima and Skura started filming.
Rima and Skura started getting mad.
Rima and Skura started going to a new high school.
Rima and Skura started high school.
Rima and Skura started it.
Rima and Skura started school recently.
Rima and Skura started talking.
Rima and Skura started threatening Linda.
Rima and Skura started uncontrollably sobbing.
Rima and Skura started walking.
Rima and Skura started working.
Rima and Skura started yelling.
Rima and Skura stayed at the hotel.
Rima and Skura stayed overnight.
Rima and Skura stayed put.
Rima and Skura still went to school.
Rima and Skura stole them.
Rima and Skura stood there.
Rima and Skura stopped begging.
Rima and Skura stopped behind the bus.
Rima and Skura stopped calling.
Rima and Skura stopped caring.
Rima and Skura stopped crying.
Rima and Skura stopped dancing.
Rima and Skura stopped filming.
Rima and Skura stopped going to school.
Rima and Skura stopped instantly.
Rima and Skura stopped painting.
Rima and Skura stopped shouting.
Rima and Skura stopped that car.
Rima and Skura stopped this.
Rima and Skura stopped trying.
Rima and Skura stopped yelling.
Rima and Skura stopped.
Rima and Skura stormed out of the restaurant.
Rima and Skura strangled Silya.
Rima and Skura struck Mina.
Rima and Skura struggled to talk.
Rima and Skura studied at high school.
Rima and Skura study every day.
Rima and Skura suddenly fell.
Rima and Skura suddenly jumped.
Rima and Skura suddenly left.
Rima and Skura suddenly screamed.
Rima and Skura sued Mina.
Rima and Skura suspected Mina.
Rima and Skura swam there.
Rima and Skura take singing lessons at a school of music.
Rima and Skura talked about Mina.
Rima and Skura talked about that.
Rima and Skura taught Berber at a middle school.
Rima and Skura taught Berber.
Rima and Skura teach Berber at a middle school.
Rima and Skura testified against Linda.
Rima and Skura texted Silya.
Rima and Skura thanked Mina profusely.
Rima and Skura thanked Nuja.
Rima and Skura threatened to leave.
Rima and Skura threw a party.
Rima and Skura threw them away.
Rima and Skura threw up.
Rima and Skura tickled Nuja.
Rima and Skura to study.
Rima and Skura told the police about all those incidents.
Rima and Skura tolerate pain.
Rima and Skura took Berber in high school.
Rima and Skura took Lina to an amazing Algerian restaurant in Paris.
Rima and Skura took Lina to one of her favorite restaurants.
Rima and Skura took Linda to a posh restaurant.
Rima and Skura took a dump.
Rima and Skura took a life.
Rima and Skura took a look at the computer.
Rima and Skura took revenge.
Rima and Skura took risks.
Rima and Skura took that.
Rima and Skura took the money.
Rima and Skura took them.
Rima and Skura touched Nuja.
Rima and Skura touched it.
Rima and Skura train dogs.
Rima and Skura trained consistently.
Rima and Skura translated it.
Rima and Skura trapped Mina.
Rima and Skura traveled around.
Rima and Skura tried again.
Rima and Skura tried listening.
Rima and Skura tried that.
Rima and Skura turned Linda down.
Rima and Skura turned on Linda.
Rima and Skura tutored Silya.
Rima and Skura typed comments.
Rima and Skura underestimate Mina.
Rima and Skura understand that.
Rima and Skura understood everything.
Rima and Skura use Snapchat.
Rima and Skura value Mina.
Rima and Skura vandalized Nuja’s restaurant.
Rima and Skura visit Mina.
Rima and Skura vomited on the bus.
Rima and Skura waited for an ambulance.
Rima and Skura waited long.
Rima and Skura walked around.
Rima and Skura walked away.
Rima and Skura walked home.
Rima and Skura walked into the restaurant.
Rima and Skura walked out.
Rima and Skura walked outside.
Rima and Skura walked slowly.
Rima and Skura walked towards the school.
Rima and Skura wandered alone.
Rima and Skura wandered around.
Rima and Skura wanted isolation.
Rima and Skura wanted to fight.
Rima and Skura warned Mina.
Rima and Skura wasted energy.
Rima and Skura wasted money.
Rima and Skura wasted time.
Rima and Skura watch football alone.
Rima and Skura watch football.
Rima and Skura watched baseball.
Rima and Skura watched some rare episodes of their favorite police procedural.
Rima and Skura waved back.
Rima and Skura weighed forty pounds.
Rima and Skura welcomed everyone.
Rima and Skura went away.
Rima and Skura went back to their hotel.
Rima and Skura went crazy.
Rima and Skura went downstairs.
Rima and Skura went farther.
Rima and Skura went fishing.
Rima and Skura went grocery shopping.
Rima and Skura went hunting.
Rima and Skura went in there.
Rima and Skura went inside.
Rima and Skura went pale.
Rima and Skura went quiet.
Rima and Skura went silent.
Rima and Skura went straight to their computers to chat.
Rima and Skura went to a little restaurant.
Rima and Skura went to a pretty big school.
Rima and Skura went to a restaurant.
Rima and Skura went to check.
Rima and Skura went to high school in Algeria.
Rima and Skura went to high school.
Rima and Skura went to night school.
Rima and Skura went to school every day.
Rima and Skura went to school this afternoon.
Rima and Skura went to school this morning.
Rima and Skura went to that school.
Rima and Skura went to the beach.
Rima and Skura went to the front of the mansion.
Rima and Skura went upstairs.
Rima and Skura went with Mina.
Rima and Skura were Algerian.
Rima and Skura were OK.
Rima and Skura were a mess.
Rima and Skura were abducted.
Rima and Skura were about to walk to school.
Rima and Skura were absent from school because they were ill.
Rima and Skura were accompanied.
Rima and Skura were adopted.
Rima and Skura were alone.
Rima and Skura were amazing.
Rima and Skura were angrier.
Rima and Skura were angry.
Rima and Skura were annoyed.
Rima and Skura were around.
Rima and Skura were arrested.
Rima and Skura were assaulted.
Rima and Skura were at high school.
Rima and Skura were available.
Rima and Skura were backpacking.
Rima and Skura were beheaded.
Rima and Skura were behind a computer screen.
Rima and Skura were being stubborn.
Rima and Skura were beside themselves.
Rima and Skura were bewildered.
Rima and Skura were bitten.
Rima and Skura were bluffing.
Rima and Skura were boring.
Rima and Skura were broke.
Rima and Skura were bullied.
Rima and Skura were buried.
Rima and Skura were called.
Rima and Skura were calm.
Rima and Skura were caught.
Rima and Skura were chased.
Rima and Skura were chasing Linda.
Rima and Skura were chilling.
Rima and Skura were chosen.
Rima and Skura were coaches.
Rima and Skura were competing to become prom queen.
Rima and Skura were convicted.
Rima and Skura were covered.
Rima and Skura were crying.
Rima and Skura were cursing.
Rima and Skura were cute.
Rima and Skura were dancing on the beach.
Rima and Skura were dancing.
Rima and Skura were dead.
Rima and Skura were deaf.
Rima and Skura were dedicated.
Rima and Skura were defeated.
Rima and Skura were depressed.
Rima and Skura were desperate.
Rima and Skura were disrespectful.
Rima and Skura were disrespecting Mina.
Rima and Skura were distraught.
Rima and Skura were disturbed.
Rima and Skura were doing OK.
Rima and Skura were doing drugs.
Rima and Skura were doing something.
Rima and Skura were doing their job on the computer.
Rima and Skura were down.
Rima and Skura were drooling.
Rima and Skura were embarrassed.
Rima and Skura were evicted.
Rima and Skura were evil.
Rima and Skura were excited.
Rima and Skura were exhausted.
Rima and Skura were explaining that.
Rima and Skura were familiar with a good portion of that airport.
Rima and Skura were famous.
Rima and Skura were fighting and ripping each other's hair out.
Rima and Skura were finished.
Rima and Skura were fishing.
Rima and Skura were flabbergasted.
Rima and Skura were following Mina.
Rima and Skura were fooled.
Rima and Skura were framed.
Rima and Skura were free.
Rima and Skura were freezing.
Rima and Skura were frustrated.
Rima and Skura were graduating middle school.
Rima and Skura were great.
Rima and Skura were growing.
Rima and Skura were handcuffed.
Rima and Skura were happy.
Rima and Skura were having a girls' night.
Rima and Skura were healthy.
Rima and Skura were helped.
Rima and Skura were hesitant.
Rima and Skura were hit.
Rima and Skura were home-schooled.
Rima and Skura were home.
Rima and Skura were honest.
Rima and Skura were hopeless.
Rima and Skura were hot.
Rima and Skura were humiliated.
Rima and Skura were hungry.
Rima and Skura were identified.
Rima and Skura were in a bad mood as we left the restaurant.
Rima and Skura were in high school.
Rima and Skura were in middle school.
Rima and Skura were in pain.
Rima and Skura were in trouble.
Rima and Skura were indifferent.
Rima and Skura were infected.
Rima and Skura were informed.
Rima and Skura were injured.
Rima and Skura were insanely jealous.
Rima and Skura were insulted.
Rima and Skura were insulting Linda.
Rima and Skura were intelligent.
Rima and Skura were interested.
Rima and Skura were involved.
Rima and Skura were irresponsible.
Rima and Skura were jealous.
Rima and Skura were just breathing.
Rima and Skura were just crying.
Rima and Skura were kicked out of school on their birthday.
Rima and Skura were kidnapped.
Rima and Skura were kind.
Rima and Skura were knocking.
Rima and Skura were late for school because it was raining hard.
Rima and Skura were late.
Rima and Skura were livid.
Rima and Skura were located.
Rima and Skura were lonely.
Rima and Skura were looking.
Rima and Skura were manipulative.
Rima and Skura were messed up.
Rima and Skura were miserable.
Rima and Skura were mumbling.
Rima and Skura were murdered.
Rima and Skura were naked.
Rima and Skura were natural.
Rima and Skura were negative.
Rima and Skura were nice.
Rima and Skura were normal.
Rima and Skura were not right.
Rima and Skura were not sure.
Rima and Skura were notified.
Rima and Skura were offended.
Rima and Skura were old.
Rima and Skura were only smiling.
Rima and Skura were outside.
Rima and Skura were overjoyed.
Rima and Skura were paid.
Rima and Skura were photographed.
Rima and Skura were playing.
Rima and Skura were popular at school.
Rima and Skura were powerless.
Rima and Skura were pretty small.
Rima and Skura were provoked.
Rima and Skura were pulling each other's hair.
Rima and Skura were punished.
Rima and Skura were qualified.
Rima and Skura were quivering.
Rima and Skura were raped.
Rima and Skura were ready for school.
Rima and Skura were real hurt.
Rima and Skura were really hurt.
Rima and Skura were rebellious.
Rima and Skura were recording.
Rima and Skura were registered.
Rima and Skura were rehearsing.
Rima and Skura were rejected.
Rima and Skura were released.
Rima and Skura were reported missing.
Rima and Skura were reported.
Rima and Skura were resting.
Rima and Skura were resurrected.
Rima and Skura were right.
Rima and Skura were safe.
Rima and Skura were satisfied.
Rima and Skura were scammed.
Rima and Skura were scared.
Rima and Skura were scratched.
Rima and Skura were screaming.
Rima and Skura were searched.
Rima and Skura were seen.
Rima and Skura were selected.
Rima and Skura were serious.
Rima and Skura were shaking.
Rima and Skura were shocked.
Rima and Skura were short-haired.
Rima and Skura were shy.
Rima and Skura were sick.
Rima and Skura were sitting at their computer, working.
Rima and Skura were sitting on that beach.
Rima and Skura were skipping school.
Rima and Skura were smart.
Rima and Skura were so busy.
Rima and Skura were so confused.
Rima and Skura were so furious.
Rima and Skura were so rude.
Rima and Skura were so terrified.
Rima and Skura were so worried they were going to call the police.
Rima and Skura were spotted.
Rima and Skura were still breathing.
Rima and Skura were strangled.
Rima and Skura were students.
Rima and Skura were studying.
Rima and Skura were stung.
Rima and Skura were suffering.
Rima and Skura were sure.
Rima and Skura were suspected.
Rima and Skura were suspended from school.
Rima and Skura were taken.
Rima and Skura were talented.
Rima and Skura were teasing Linda.
Rima and Skura were tested.
Rima and Skura were there.
Rima and Skura were thirsty.
Rima and Skura were threatened.
Rima and Skura were thrown out of school.
Rima and Skura were tortured.
Rima and Skura were tough.
Rima and Skura were tricked.
Rima and Skura were ugly.
Rima and Skura were unconscious.
Rima and Skura were unfamiliar with that airport.
Rima and Skura were unharmed.
Rima and Skura were unlucky.
Rima and Skura were unrecognizable.
Rima and Skura were up.
Rima and Skura were used.
Rima and Skura were very calm.
Rima and Skura were very tall.
Rima and Skura were walking towards the airport’s exit.
Rima and Skura were wanted.
Rima and Skura were washing up.
Rima and Skura were watching Linda.
Rima and Skura were watching YouTube.
Rima and Skura were weak.
Rima and Skura were wealthy.
Rima and Skura were well.
Rima and Skura were whispering.
Rima and Skura were white.
Rima and Skura were wonderful.
Rima and Skura were working there.
Rima and Skura weren't around.
Rima and Skura weren't especially good pupils at school.
Rima and Skura weren't right.
Rima and Skura weren't sure.
Rima and Skura will be back.
Rima and Skura will be filming at Nuja’s school.
Rima and Skura will die.
Rima and Skura will lose.
Rima and Skura will never use a computer again.
Rima and Skura will speak.
Rima and Skura will win.
Rima and Skura wonder why.
Rima and Skura won’t need to go to school anymore.
Rima and Skura wore gloves.
Rima and Skura wore identical Shawi dresses.
Rima and Skura work for free.
Rima and Skura work hard.
Rima and Skura work outside.
Rima and Skura work there.
Rima and Skura worked alone.
Rima and Skura worked at a restaurant.
Rima and Skura worked at the hospital.
Rima and Skura worked hard in school.
Rima and Skura worked hard.
Rima and Skura worked with me.
Rima and Skura worship Satan.
Rima and Skura wrote a letter.
Rima and Skura wrote comments.
Rima and Skura wrote that.
Rima and her friends are all successful women in their positions.
Rima and her husband were in bed.
Rima and the other women looked as of they were sisters.
Rima annoyed Mina.
Rima answered Ziri's proposal.
Rima answered nothing.
Rima answered the call.
Rima answered without hesitation.
Rima apologized for not sitting in the front.
Rima appeared in front of Antonio in a seductive lingerie set.
Rima appeared in her Kabyle dress.
Rima appeared unarmed.
Rima applied lip gloss on her lips.
Rima applied to law school.
Rima approached Mina.
Rima argued with the bus driver.
Rima arrived at the airport.
Rima arrived at the hospital.
Rima arrived quickly.
Rima arrived with her boyfriend, Gabriel.
Rima asked Dmitri to let her be Walid’s mistress.
Rima asked Enrico if she looked like her mother.
Rima asked Skura to be her stylist for her wedding day.
Rima asked Ziri to pretend to be her boyfriend.
Rima asked Ziri to take her from behind.
Rima asked her father to dance with her.
Rima asked her friends to refer to her as a boy.
Rima asked the cab driver to take her back to the mansion.
Rima assured Adriano that she would never be his.
Rima ate apricots.
Rima ate lunch at Linda’s restaurant.
Rima ate meatloaves.
Rima attacked Nuja.
Rima attended college.
Rima attends primary school.
Rima attends state school.
Rima avoided that.
Rima avoids attachment.
Rima avoids texting.
Rima babysit Oleg.
Rima backed away.
Rima baked some cakes.
Rima banged on Ziri's door. He came out, grinning.
Rima battered he eyelashes at the boss.
Rima became Oleg’s new nanny.
Rima became a beautician.
Rima became a beautiful young woman.
Rima became a businesswoman.
Rima became a chambermaid.
Rima became a childcare assistant.
Rima became a cosmetician.
Rima became a famous model.
Rima became a hairstylist.
Rima became a housekeeper.
Rima became a housemaid.
Rima became a maid.
Rima became a make-up artist.
Rima became a mechanic.
Rima became a nursery-school teacher.
Rima became a policewoman.
Rima became a secretary.
Rima became a stenographer.
Rima became a typist.
Rima became afraid.
Rima became aggressive.
Rima became agitated.
Rima became an actress, too.
Rima became an architect.
Rima became an exotic dancer.
Rima became concerned.
Rima became defensive.
Rima became distant.
Rima became enraged.
Rima became famous.
Rima became invisible.
Rima became livid.
Rima became paralyzed and could no longer take care of her baby.
Rima became pregnant with Yanni's child.
Rima became pregnant.
Rima became prom queen.
Rima became scared.
Rima became the right-hand woman to Ziri.
Rima became unavailable.
Rima became very bored.
Rima became very consumed with Ziri.
Rima became vulnerable.
Rima began having tears rolling down from her eyes.
Rima began to cut her hair shorter.
Rima began to scream.
Rima begged Gunter to remove the fetus.
Rima begged Ziri to ask her out again.
Rima behaved responsibly.
Rima believed Mina immediately.
Rima believes that.
Rima believes this.
Rima belittled Mira.
Rima betrayed Silya.
Rima bit off Lukas’s penis.
Rima bought Nuja’s restaurant.
Rima bought a Kabyle dress from Skura.
Rima bought a beautiful red dress for prom.
Rima bought a new Shawi dress.
Rima bought a new hotel.
Rima bought balloons.
Rima bought shoes.
Rima bought something.
Rima bought that.
Rima bought this expensive Kabyle dress yesterday.
Rima bowed down.
Rima brainwashed Silya.
Rima breathed deeply.
Rima breeds sheep.
Rima broke the rules.
Rima broke the stove.
Rima broke them.
Rima brought Skura to the convent’s library.
Rima brought her computer.
Rima brought home a new guy.
Rima brutally murdered Mina.
Rima bumped straight into a boy.
Rima burped loudly.
Rima burst into tears again.
Rima burst into tears and ran off.
Rima burst into tears and ran up to her room.
Rima buys his own drinks.
Rima called Ivan whenever her father abused her.
Rima called Mina again.
Rima called an ambulance.
Rima called her ex-boyfriend.
Rima called her parents.
Rima called me.
Rima called security.
Rima called the police on Nuja.
Rima called the police to her house.
Rima called us.
Rima came along.
Rima came closer.
Rima came downstairs wearing a Shawi dress.
Rima came first.
Rima came home every day in tears.
Rima came home from school.
Rima came immediately.
Rima came in the summer.
Rima came late.
Rima came outside.
Rima came over after school.
Rima came over.
Rima came prepared.
Rima came running.
Rima came to play.
Rima came to school on a train.
Rima came to the school.
Rima came to the woman's bathroom.
Rima came up to Ziri and started to flirt.
Rima came up.
Rima camped here.
Rima camps often.
Rima can cook.
Rima can dance.
Rima can go.
Rima can have any man she wants. She's beautiful and has money.
Rima can play music.
Rima can play.
Rima can read.
Rima can run.
Rima can speak.
Rima can start.
Rima can still have any guy she wants as long as it is not Walid.
Rima can talk.
Rima can try.
Rima can use Dad’s computer tonight.
Rima can work.
Rima can't get used to her new school.
Rima can't sleep.
Rima can't talk right now.
Rima can't wear this.
Rima canceled everything.
Rima cannot dance.
Rima cannot sleep.
Rima can’t get used to the new school.
Rima can’t prove that to the police.
Rima carried Mina.
Rima carried on.
Rima caught a bus.
Rima celebrated her birthday.
Rima celebrates her birthdays.
Rima changed clothes.
Rima changed her name.
Rima changed into a Kabyle dress.
Rima changed into a new outfit.
Rima changed into a normal Kabyle dress.
Rima changed into her wedding dress.
Rima changed the baby.
Rima checked her shirts.
Rima checked that.
Rima clapped excitedly.
Rima cleaned that up.
Rima cleaned the fish.
Rima closed her eyes.
Rima closed her store.
Rima closed the curtains.
Rima coaches Mina.
Rima collected guns.
Rima collected swords.
Rima communicates assertively.
Rima completely disappeared.
Rima complimented Mina.
Rima confessed she wanted to be prom queen.
Rima confessed that she found a new boyfriend.
Rima confessed to that.
Rima confirmed that.
Rima confronted Mina.
Rima congratulated Nuja.
Rima considered Paul as her savior.
Rima considered Ziri like the brother she never had.
Rima constantly changes guys.
Rima contacted the police again.
Rima continued drinking.
Rima continued north.
Rima continued swimming.
Rima continued teaching.
Rima continued to cry for her husband.
Rima continued walking.
Rima contracted chlamydia.
Rima controlled Mina.
Rima cooked Yanni a delicious meal.
Rima cooked Ziri all the junk food that he loved.
Rima corrected it.
Rima corrected that.
Rima could drive.
Rima could feel the envious looks of the other girls.
Rima could make dresses for herself out of any type of fabric.
Rima could not move.
Rima couldn't leave school.
Rima couldn't move.
Rima couldn't see other guys.
Rima couldn't stop her baby from crying.
Rima couldn't walk to school for a whole week.
Rima couldn’t concentrate in school.
Rima couldn’t pick Lina up from the airport.
Rima counted on Linda.
Rima covered her breast up.
Rima covered her legs with her shirt.
Rima covered up her pimples.
Rima craved love.
Rima cried her heart out.
Rima cried into her pillow all night.
Rima cries after sex.
Rima crippled Mina.
Rima currently doesn't have a boyfriend.
Rima currently lives with her new husband in Algiers.
Rima cut her hair off.
Rima danced with Mina.
Rima danced with her father.
Rima dances alone.
Rima dated someone from Algeria.
Rima decided not to call the police.
Rima decided to call the police.
Rima decided to join Nuja in the ambulance.
Rima decided to take her dogs to the beach.
Rima decided to wear a Shawi dress.
Rima decided to wear the hijab.
Rima denied it.
Rima denied that.
Rima denied this.
Rima depended on Linda.
Rima described the interaction she had with that man to the police.
Rima deserted her post.
Rima deserves a loving husband.
Rima deserves it.
Rima deserves to know.
Rima designed brilliant Kabyle dresses.
Rima dialed the number.
Rima dialled 911.
Rima did a face mask.
Rima did good.
Rima did her hair.
Rima did her school-leaving exams in 2013.
Rima did not know she was the other woman.
Rima did nothing.
Rima did rowing.
Rima did shit.
Rima did that deliberately.
Rima did that.
Rima didn't get asked out for the spring dance.
Rima didn't have a Valentine.
Rima didn't like Skura's popularity at school.
Rima didn't look her age.
Rima didn't reply.
Rima didn't talk at the airport.
Rima didn't want to make her sister jealous.
Rima didn’t even call the school to inform them.
Rima didn’t tell the truth to the police.
Rima didn’t want to call the police.
Rima died and was reborn as a witch.
Rima died during labor.
Rima died last week.
Rima discovered that.
Rima discovered this.
Rima dislikes Mina.
Rima dissected frogs.
Rima dissed Santiago by driving away.
Rima distracted Miroslav with a chest massage.
Rima disturbed Mina.
Rima documented those death threats and called the police.
Rima does care.
Rima does her hair in the salon.
Rima does it.
Rima does something else.
Rima does this after school.
Rima does this.
Rima does work hard.
Rima doesn't even let Ziri take care of their baby.
Rima doesn't fight over guys.
Rima doesn't go to school on Saturday.
Rima doesn't groom herself like most women do.
Rima doesn't know how to hack computers.
Rima doesn't like Ziri as a poet.
Rima doesn't like hot coffee.
Rima doesn't need to scream like a farm girl. She's in town here.
Rima doesn't ovulate regularly. It will be difficult for her to conceive.
Rima doesn't want to go to school today.
Rima doesn't want to have sex right this minute.
Rima doesn't want to have sex with Ziri outside of the ovulation window.
Rima doesn't wear hijab at home.
Rima doesn’t have a computer.
Rima doesn’t want Nuja to go to school all rumpled.
Rima doesn’t want to be late for school.
Rima downloaded WhatsApp.
Rima drank wine.
Rima dreamt of becoming a fashion designer.
Rima dressed like an Algerian woman.
Rima dressed modestly.
Rima dressed up.
Rima dresses like a slut.
Rima drew Mina.
Rima dropped her phone.
Rima dropped out of school.
Rima dropped out.
Rima dropped the glass of juice on her new Shawi dress.
Rima drove Linda crazy.
Rima drove a Chevy.
Rima drove a Volvo.
Rima drove away.
Rima drowned.
Rima dug a hole.
Rima earned money.
Rima earns money.
Rima embraced the life of a housewife.
Rima ended up coming to the restaurant.
Rima entered the highway.
Rima entered the house.
Rima entered the school in regular clothes.
Rima entered the school.
Rima envied Silya.
Rima escaped upstairs.
Rima eventually agreed.
Rima eventually collapsed.
Rima eventually died.
Rima exhaled.
Rima experienced rejection.
Rima explained everything.
Rima exposed Mina.
Rima exposed her shoulder.
Rima exposed herself.
Rima faced her husband.
Rima faced worse.
Rima faked it.
Rima fears abandonment.
Rima fed her dog.
Rima fed the baby.
Rima feels comfortable.
Rima fell asleep first.
Rima fell asleep on Ziri's shoulder and he went stiff as a board.
Rima fell asleep.
Rima fell back.
Rima fell in love and got pregnant.
Rima fell in love with the coolest guy in the neighborhood.
Rima fell over in the school playground.
Rima fell to the ground and was kicked by the legionnaires.
Rima felt alone.
Rima felt ashamed.
Rima felt betrayed.
Rima felt defeated.
Rima felt fine.
Rima felt followed.
Rima felt good.
Rima felt humiliated.
Rima felt jealous.
Rima felt neglected.
Rima felt pain.
Rima felt rejected.
Rima felt rejection.
Rima felt rejuvenated.
Rima felt sad.
Rima felt sick.
Rima felt stupid.
Rima felt that.
Rima felt unappreciated.
Rima felt underloved.
Rima felt uneasy.
Rima felt unwanted.
Rima felt violated.
Rima felt worried.
Rima filmed that.
Rima finally accepted that her husband was gone.
Rima finally agreed.
Rima finally got pregnant.
Rima finally married a handsome prince.
Rima finally succeeded.
Rima finds Ziri cute.
Rima finds more safety in Yanni.
Rima finished high school.
Rima finished lunch.
Rima finished praying.
Rima finished secondary school last year.
Rima finished talking.
Rima finished that.
Rima finished the job.
Rima finished the school year.
Rima fired repeatedly.
Rima flipped back her hair and smiled at Ziri.
Rima flipped back her hair and winked at Ziri.
Rima flipped her hair and turned around.
Rima followed her instincts.
Rima followed me.
Rima followed them.
Rima forgave Mina.
Rima fought Nuja.
Rima found Oleg handsome.
Rima found an old book in the loft from her school days.
Rima found dignity in Islam.
Rima found footprints.
Rima found herself a sugar daddy instead.
Rima found herself a sugar daddy.
Rima found out she was the other woman.
Rima found out that she was pregnant again.
Rima found out that she was pregnant.
Rima found someone else to interview for her school project.
Rima found someone that she liked.
Rima found that so romantic.
Rima found the reason why she couldn't get pregnant.
Rima freaked out.
Rima froze instantly.
Rima fully became a male.
Rima gained confidence.
Rima gained power.
Rima gave Mina attention.
Rima gave Skura a brand-new pair of high heels.
Rima gave Ziri a bath.
Rima gave birth to Antonio’s child.
Rima gave birth to Satan.
Rima gave birth to a healthy baby in space.
Rima gave birth to a still-born baby.
Rima gave birth to an angel.
Rima gave birth to stillborns.
Rima gave birth to the devil.
Rima gave birth.
Rima gave her some apples.
Rima gave herself to a new man every weekend.
Rima gave the police her statement as to what happened.
Rima gladly agreed.
Rima glanced back.
Rima glared at Mina.
Rima goes fishing.
Rima goes to a state school.
Rima goes to high school.
Rima goes to nursery school.
Rima goes to the best private school in Algiers.
Rima got a D.
Rima got a job as a nanny.
Rima got accepted.
Rima got back from school.
Rima got bitten.
Rima got bored.
Rima got caught.
Rima got close to one of those forest rangers and they got married.
Rima got closer.
Rima got defensive.
Rima got detained.
Rima got discouraged.
Rima got dumped by her ex-boyfriend.
Rima got evicted.
Rima got excited.
Rima got green with envy at Skura.
Rima got groped by two men.
Rima got grounded.
Rima got heartbroken.
Rima got hit on by a married man.
Rima got home.
Rima got insulted.
Rima got it.
Rima got lucky.
Rima got noisy.
Rima got out.
Rima got outside.
Rima got paid.
Rima got played.
Rima got pregnant by Ziri.
Rima got pregnant.
Rima got rejected.
Rima got rich.
Rima got rid of her husband.
Rima got rid of her ugly pimples.
Rima got scared.
Rima got severely beaten up by the legionnaires.
Rima got sheep.
Rima got sick.
Rima got spooked.
Rima got stabbed.
Rima got stressed.
Rima got the doll she wanted.
Rima got the message.
Rima got tips.
Rima got tired of Gustavo and ran off with their son.
Rima got undressed.
Rima got vaccinated.
Rima grabbed Ziri by his collar and kissed him.
Rima grabbed Ziri in a tearful hug.
Rima grabbed her dad's arm and froze.
Rima grabbed her purse.
Rima grabbed the flowers and flung them onto the floor before she stormed out of the room.
Rima graduated from high school remotely.
Rima graduated high school.
Rima greeted the principal.
Rima grew stronger.
Rima grew up to be a beautiful girl.
Rima had a computer on her lap.
Rima had a crowbar.
Rima had a cute boyfriend.
Rima had a doll that spoke.
Rima had a miscarriage.
Rima had a poor boyfriend.
Rima had a queen-sized bed in the master bedroom.
Rima had a sandwich.
Rima had a secret admirer.
Rima had a stalker for about four months.
Rima had a stalker.
Rima had a successful birth in space.
Rima had a super cute skirt.
Rima had bills.
Rima had forty sexual partners in her entire life.
Rima had fun.
Rima had grandparents.
Rima had hallucinations.
Rima had hefty breasts.
Rima had her boyfriend over.
Rima had her boyfriend sleep over.
Rima had her breasts removed.
Rima had nice legs.
Rima had no enemies.
Rima had no idea Ziri was such a romantic.
Rima had no idea.
Rima had suspicions.
Rima had to take her mother to the hospital.
Rima had to travel on a bus.
Rima handled snakes.
Rima happily agreed.
Rima hardly ever missed school.
Rima harmed people.
Rima has YouTube.
Rima has a big ass.
Rima has a day off school tomorrow.
Rima has a feminine side.
Rima has a gaydar.
Rima has a good and reliable gaydar.
Rima has a guy friend.
Rima has a hair appointment.
Rima has a huge ass.
Rima has a magic smile.
Rima has a new boyfriend now.
Rima has a new boyfriend.
Rima has a petite build.
Rima has a petite frame.
Rima has a pretty little ass.
Rima has a very wonderful boyfriend.
Rima has already left.
Rima has always wanted to be a belly dancer.
Rima has an adorable laugh.
Rima has an adorable smile.
Rima has an appointment with a gynecologist.
Rima has an ass like a mare.
Rima has an identical twin sister.
Rima has an iguana.
Rima has an intersex condition.
Rima has another man with her.
Rima has ballet practice.
Rima has balloons.
Rima has beautiful eyes.
Rima has become cheer captain.
Rima has been nagging Ziri about it.
Rima has bigger boobs.
Rima has blue dresses.
Rima has boobs.
Rima has both female and male organs.
Rima has cats.
Rima has changed a lot since secondary school.
Rima has children.
Rima has come here to take care of the children after her sister’s death.
Rima has disappeared.
Rima has earplugs.
Rima has experience.
Rima has fainted.
Rima has fallen in love with the biggest bully in school.
Rima has finished.
Rima has friends.
Rima has given birth already.
Rima has got plans.
Rima has got the devil on a leash.
Rima has got to go straight to school.
Rima has grandchildren.
Rima has grown even prettier.
Rima has grown up to become a beautiful girl.
Rima has guests.
Rima has her own restaurant.
Rima has huge boobs.
Rima has issues.
Rima has just arrived at the school.
Rima has just finished secondary school.
Rima has just lost her husband in an accident.
Rima has magic eyes.
Rima has magic lips.
Rima has managed to raise four children by herself.
Rima has milk.
Rima has money.
Rima has no boundaries with her mother, telling her everything about her sex life.
Rima has no computer.
Rima has officially become Ziri's new queen.
Rima has problems.
Rima has really changed and became a real beauty.
Rima has sexy eyes.
Rima has sheep.
Rima has stopped.
Rima has that.
Rima has the most attractive laugh in the world.
Rima has the most unattractive hands in the world.
Rima has the reputation of being a domineering woman.
Rima has this app.
Rima has to admit that Lee is cool.
Rima has unexpectedly gone into labor.
Rima has vanished.
Rima hasn't eaten anything.
Rima hasn't seen you since secondary school.
Rima hated Nuja.
Rima hated commercials.
Rima hated her high school experience.
Rima hated staying after school.
Rima hates asparagus.
Rima hates being forced into boring conversation.
Rima hates commercials.
Rima hates cooking.
Rima hates fishing.
Rima hates football.
Rima hates fuckboys.
Rima hates ivy.
Rima hates parties.
Rima hates reptiles.
Rima hates scary movies.
Rima hates shrimps.
Rima hates teenagers.
Rima hates that.
Rima hates this.
Rima hates women.
Rima headed back inside.
Rima headed out there.
Rima headed out.
Rima heard it.
Rima heard jackals.
Rima heard screaming.
Rima heated the food.
Rima helped Nuja.
Rima helped her.
Rima helped others.
Rima helped people.
Rima helps Mina.
Rima hesitantly agreed.
Rima hired Mina.
Rima hires prostitutes.
Rima hit Silya.
Rima hugged Mina.
Rima hung out with a couple of guys.
Rima hung out with boys.
Rima hurried home.
Rima hurried inside.
Rima hurried out of the restaurant.
Rima hurriedly left.
Rima idealized Mina.
Rima identified her shooter.
Rima ignored Mina.
Rima ignored him.
Rima imagined something.
Rima immediately came.
Rima immediately felt annoyed.
Rima immediately threw her arms around Ziri's neck.
Rima inched forward.
Rima insinuated that she was into Ziri's type.
Rima insulted Mina.
Rima insults people.
Rima interjected herself again.
Rima interviewed presidents.
Rima invited Antonio to sleep with him.
Rima irritated Mina.
Rima is 100% sexy.
Rima is Damiano’s assistant.
Rima is Edmundo’s future wife.
Rima is Fyodor’s fourth wife.
Rima is Leonid's daughter from his first marriage.
Rima is Leonid’s assistant.
Rima is OK now.
Rima is OK.
Rima is Skura’s late husband’s mistress.
Rima is Yanni's middle sister.
Rima is Ziri's assistant.
Rima is Ziri's birth mother.
Rima is Ziri's fourth wife.
Rima is Ziri's friend's girlfriend.
Rima is Ziri's mistress.
Rima is Ziri's new wife.
Rima is Ziri's niece.
Rima is Ziri's wife.
Rima is a Lebanese citizen.
Rima is a Norwegian Muslim living with her parents.
Rima is a Sudanese citizen.
Rima is a babysitter.
Rima is a beautician.
Rima is a beautiful woman.
Rima is a brunette and has freckles.
Rima is a businesswoman.
Rima is a chambermaid.
Rima is a cheerleader.
Rima is a childcare assistant.
Rima is a citizen of Lebanon.
Rima is a cosmetician.
Rima is a dating a jerk.
Rima is a drama queen.
Rima is a flight attendant.
Rima is a forty-year-old detransitioner.
Rima is a girl.
Rima is a good girl.
Rima is a gorgeous hair stylist.
Rima is a grown woman.
Rima is a gynecologist.
Rima is a hairstylist.
Rima is a happy woman.
Rima is a hooker.
Rima is a housekeeper.
Rima is a housemaid.
Rima is a housewife.
Rima is a lesbian and Skura is the one she really likes.
Rima is a lingerie salesgirl.
Rima is a lonely girl.
Rima is a loyal girl.
Rima is a maid.
Rima is a make-up artist.
Rima is a man pretending to be a woman.
Rima is a married woman who cheats on her husband with Miroslav.
Rima is a nursery-school teacher.
Rima is a policewoman.
Rima is a popular girl at school.
Rima is a professional gold digger.
Rima is a real lady.
Rima is a really hot in a bikini.
Rima is a receptionist.
Rima is a reporter.
Rima is a secretary.
Rima is a shepherdess.
Rima is a spoiled brute.
Rima is a stenographer.
Rima is a student.
Rima is a typist.
Rima is a very attractive woman.
Rima is a very smart woman.
Rima is a voodoo priestess.
Rima is a white girl.
Rima is a woman.
Rima is actually a popular dancer.
Rima is adamant.
Rima is adopted.
Rima is aging.
Rima is almost a grown woman.
Rima is alone.
Rima is also Ivan’s girlfriend.
Rima is always right.
Rima is ambidextrous.
Rima is an Arabic name which means "gazelle."
Rima is an actress.
Rima is an exotic beauty.
Rima is an exotic dancer.
Rima is angry.
Rima is arrogant.
Rima is at law school.
Rima is at school at the moment.
Rima is available.
Rima is awake.
Rima is away.
Rima is babysitting.
Rima is beautiful.
Rima is begging Linda.
Rima is bored.
Rima is breastfeeding her baby.
Rima is breathtakingly beautiful.
Rima is chewing.
Rima is classy.
Rima is coming home from school early.
Rima is compassionate.
Rima is competing for Miss Algeria.
Rima is concerned.
Rima is cooking broccoli.
Rima is cooking something.
Rima is crying.
Rima is cute but dangerous.
Rima is dancing like a stripper.
Rima is dancing.
Rima is definitely a virgin.
Rima is depressed.
Rima is doing fine.
Rima is doing well at school.
Rima is dreaming.
Rima is driving.
Rima is drunk.
Rima is due in April.
Rima is enjoying herself on the beach.
Rima is enraged.
Rima is everywhere.
Rima is exercising.
Rima is experienced.
Rima is famous.
Rima is fat.
Rima is filming.
Rima is filthy rich.
Rima is finally pregnant.
Rima is fine.
Rima is finished.
Rima is fixing computers.
Rima is flying.
Rima is four months pregnant.
Rima is getting a sugar daddy.
Rima is giving birth.
Rima is giving birth. She's bringing a new life into this word.
Rima is going out.
Rima is going to be the queen instead of Skura.
Rima is going to kick Ziri's daughter's ass.
Rima is going to marry that jerk.
Rima is going.
Rima is gone.
Rima is good.
Rima is gorgeous.
Rima is having a rat infestation in her mansion.
Rima is having contractions.
Rima is healthy.
Rima is here for a computer.
Rima is here for bank robbery.
Rima is hiding.
Rima is hiking.
Rima is horrified.
Rima is hungry.
Rima is hurt.
Rima is hysterical.
Rima is ill, that's why she hasn't gone to school.
Rima is in custody.
Rima is in danger.
Rima is in labor right now.
Rima is in labor.
Rima is in prison.
Rima is in the hospital.
Rima is in the mood. She wants you so bad.
Rima is in trouble.
Rima is in.
Rima is indifferent.
Rima is infected.
Rima is injured.
Rima is intimidating.
Rima is joking.
Rima is just Ziri's girlfriend.
Rima is just the woman Ziri was looking for.
Rima is kind.
Rima is late again.
Rima is late.
Rima is like Ziri's ex-wife.
Rima is like a mother to me.
Rima is listening.
Rima is losing.
Rima is loving.
Rima is manipulative.
Rima is married to Ziri as the queen of Syldavia.
Rima is motivated.
Rima is mumbling.
Rima is my baby girl.
Rima is my favorite sister-in-law.
Rima is my girl now.
Rima is my girlfriend.
Rima is my niece.
Rima is my only daughter.
Rima is nagging Ziri to pick up his clothes.
Rima is needy.
Rima is nice.
Rima is no fool.
Rima is not Ziri's daughter.
Rima is not Ziri's wife.
Rima is not alone.
Rima is not going to accompany the children to school.
Rima is not going to take the children to school.
Rima is not leaving.
Rima is not pretty.
Rima is not sick.
Rima is not the woman in the photo.
Rima is nuts.
Rima is one of the girls.
Rima is our new clothing supplier.
Rima is our new female roommate.
Rima is our prom queen.
Rima is outside.
Rima is over there.
Rima is ovulating.
Rima is part owner of this restaurant.
Rima is pathetic.
Rima is perky.
Rima is pitiful.
Rima is positive.
Rima is praying.
Rima is prepared.
Rima is pretty.
Rima is queen of the kitchen.
Rima is quiet.
Rima is quite big.
Rima is quite small.
Rima is reading from her computer.
Rima is reading.
Rima is ready to leave for the airport.
Rima is ready.
Rima is really frigid.
Rima is redecorating.
Rima is respectful.
Rima is resting.
Rima is right.
Rima is satisfied.
Rima is scared.
Rima is severely injured.
Rima is sexy as hell.
Rima is shaking.
Rima is single.
Rima is skinny.
Rima is small.
Rima is smart.
Rima is smoking.
Rima is so pretty.
Rima is so radiant this evening.
Rima is sorry.
Rima is speaking.
Rima is starving.
Rima is still asleep, awaiting Ivan’s kiss.
Rima is still here.
Rima is still inside.
Rima is still out.
Rima is still recovering from having a baby.
Rima is still talking.
Rima is still there.
Rima is still wearing that Kabyle dress.
Rima is still working.
Rima is strong.
Rima is studying the respiratory system at school.
Rima is studying.
Rima is subscribed.
Rima is such a common name, especially where I come from.
Rima is suffering.
Rima is suffocating.
Rima is surprised.
Rima is sweating.
Rima is sweet.
Rima is talking.
Rima is teaching Berber at a nearby school.
Rima is teaching Berber next school year.
Rima is terrified.
Rima is the epitome of sweetness.
Rima is the least attractive woman in the village.
Rima is the meanest girl in the school.
Rima is the most popular girl in school.
Rima is the most wonderful girl in the world.
Rima is the mother superior.
Rima is the other woman.
Rima is the prettiest girl in her family.
Rima is the tallest chick in town.
Rima is the wife of Fyodor’s other son.
Rima is there.
Rima is thirsty.
Rima is tired.
Rima is too good to be someone’s mistress.
Rima is too strict.
Rima is too young for this type of relationship.
Rima is tough.
Rima is traveling west.
Rima is trying hard.
Rima is trying.
Rima is ugly.
Rima is uninjured.
Rima is unintimidated.
Rima is very beautiful even in her sleep.
Rima is very cute and attractive.
Rima is very masculine.
Rima is virgin.
Rima is waiting.
Rima is walking.
Rima is warm.
Rima is wasting time.
Rima is watching.
Rima is weak.
Rima is wearing the hijab.
Rima is welding.
Rima is well.
Rima is white.
Rima is with me.
Rima is writing an article for the school newspaper.
Rima is yelling at her computer.
Rima isn't a woman.
Rima isn't alone.
Rima isn't even Ziri's wife.
Rima isn't going to accompany the children to school.
Rima isn't going to take the children to school.
Rima isn't going to the dance with Ziri.
Rima isn't into drama.
Rima isn't into that kind of guy.
Rima isn't into that type of guy.
Rima isn't leaving.
Rima isn't that attractive.
Rima isn't wearing a nightgown.
Rima isn’t Adriano’s mother.
Rima isn’t Edmundo’s mother.
Rima joined school in the fourth grade.
Rima jumped into Ziri's arms to hug him.
Rima jumped into Ziri's lap and started kissing him.
Rima jumped off.
Rima jumped on Ziri and hugged him.
Rima jumped up and she fixed her hair.
Rima just came in.
Rima just cried.
Rima just gave birth.
Rima just left.
Rima just lost a husband.
Rima just stood there.
Rima just stopped.
Rima just went.
Rima kept Ziri away from her dad's sight.
Rima kept crawling.
Rima kept dating weirdos.
Rima kept fighting.
Rima kept going.
Rima kept insisting.
Rima kept moving.
Rima kept playing.
Rima kept praising that guy all evening.
Rima kept pushing.
Rima kept smiling.
Rima kept talking.
Rima kept twitching.
Rima kept walking.
Rima kicked Silya.
Rima kicked her shoes off and started dancing.
Rima kissed Gabriel with tears in her eyes.
Rima knew Nuja.
Rima knew it.
Rima knew she was being the other woman and she was OK with that.
Rima knew she was being the other woman.
Rima knew that if she ran, Ziri could probably catch up to her.
Rima knew the airport.
Rima knew there was a baby growing inside of her.
Rima knows about Ziri's mistress.
Rima knows nothing.
Rima knows that man.
Rima knows that, too.
Rima knows this app.
Rima lacks empathy.
Rima lacks remorse.
Rima leant forward.
Rima learned Berber at school.
Rima learned nothing at school.
Rima learned sensual dancing.
Rima learnt some Berber.
Rima left Algeria.
Rima left Algiers.
Rima left Islam.
Rima left Linda there.
Rima left Silya.
Rima left Ziri for money.
Rima left Ziri for that guy.
Rima left at noon.
Rima left her panties at Ziri's place.
Rima left immediately.
Rima left school aged 16 with no qualifications.
Rima left school.
Rima left the family to become a stripper.
Rima left the farm.
Rima left the kitchen.
Rima left the store.
Rima let Ziri put the bracelet on her.
Rima let her hair down.
Rima let herself loose.
Rima let out a small scream.
Rima let the baby cry.
Rima lied to Mina.
Rima liked Silya.
Rima liked biking.
Rima liked it.
Rima liked pizza.
Rima liked that.
Rima liked the roses.
Rima likes bad boys.
Rima likes being beautiful.
Rima likes it rough.
Rima likes it.
Rima likes ivy.
Rima likes macho men.
Rima likes pasta.
Rima likes pizza.
Rima likes sex.
Rima likes that.
Rima likes to steal others’ boyfriends.
Rima likes tortoises.
Rima listed her computer on Craigslist.
Rima listened carefully.
Rima listened to that.
Rima lived alone.
Rima lived her life as a man.
Rima lived in an enormous mansion.
Rima lived the flowers.
Rima lived there.
Rima lived with Mina.
Rima lives far from her high school.
Rima lives in her newly restored mansion.
Rima lives incognito.
Rima lives near Nuja's school.
Rima locked herself in her room and cried her eyes out.
Rima logged in.
Rima looked amazing in the Shawi dress.
Rima looked amazing next to Ziri.
Rima looked around her.
Rima looked at Mina.
Rima looked at Ziri the same way those girls did.
Rima looked back at Linda.
Rima looked beautiful.
Rima looked different.
Rima looked for Mina.
Rima looked horrified.
Rima looked irritated.
Rima looked like a clown.
Rima looked like a doll.
Rima looked like a guy.
Rima looked nice.
Rima looked really pleased with herself.
Rima looked really scared.
Rima looked shocked.
Rima looked so hot.
Rima looked so sexy.
Rima looked strange.
Rima looked very scared.
Rima looks amazing.
Rima looks better in blue.
Rima looks devastated.
Rima looks great in that Kabyle dress.
Rima looks happy.
Rima looks like a princess in that Shawi dress.
Rima looks more sexy and girly.
Rima looks nice.
Rima looks sad.
Rima looks sexy.
Rima looks so mature in that Kabyle dress.
Rima looks terrible.
Rima lost an earring.
Rima lost consciousness.
Rima lost custody.
Rima lost everything.
Rima lost her amazing, sweet boyfriend.
Rima lost service.
Rima lost the baby.
Rima lost the battle.
Rima lost them.
Rima loved attention.
Rima loved change.
Rima loved hiking.
Rima loved playing with dolls.
Rima loved wearing dresses.
Rima loves Algeria.
Rima loves Martinis.
Rima loves Silya.
Rima loves Ziri's haircut.
Rima loves antiques.
Rima loves arts.
Rima loves camping.
Rima loves cocktails.
Rima loves fishing.
Rima loves hospitals.
Rima loves it.
Rima loves literature.
Rima loves money.
Rima loves nature.
Rima loves oranges.
Rima loves plums.
Rima loves poetry.
Rima loves sex.
Rima loves soccer.
Rima loves spaghetti.
Rima loves stargazing.
Rima loves the beige blouse.
Rima loves watermelon.
Rima made Damiano look like the bad guy.
Rima made a discovery.
Rima made an exception.
Rima made clothes.
Rima made comments.
Rima made her way down the aisle.
Rima made herself beautiful.
Rima made noise.
Rima made out with a stranger.
Rima made really cool friendships at that high school.
Rima made the best couscous in the world.
Rima made the burgers.
Rima made the salad.
Rima made us pancakes for breakfast.
Rima majored in psychology.
Rima managed to give birth in the forest.
Rima married a horrible man and became his fourth wife.
Rima married a rich old guy.
Rima massaged Ivan’s test.
Rima may collapse.
Rima may faint.
Rima may go the wrong way.
Rima mentioned that.
Rima messaged Mina.
Rima messed up.
Rima met a hot guy on the beach.
Rima met a really nice guy.
Rima met her husband in Algiers.
Rima might have killed her husband.
Rima might not be able to conceive.
Rima miscarried.
Rima missed Sunday school.
Rima missed Ziri's meat.
Rima missed an appointment.
Rima missed it.
Rima missed that.
Rima missed the bus.
Rima misses Algeria.
Rima misses Mina.
Rima mixed everything together.
Rima modeled for Yanni a subject in his paintings.
Rima moved abroad.
Rima moved away.
Rima moved forward.
Rima moved in.
Rima moved out.
Rima moved towards Mina.
Rima murdered Silya.
Rima needed Silya.
Rima needed me.
Rima needed sunglasses.
Rima needed that.
Rima needed to get rid of her boyfriend.
Rima needs Silya.
Rima needs a Western makeover.
Rima needs a hand.
Rima needs a kiss.
Rima needs one.
Rima needs oxygen.
Rima needs paper.
Rima needs sex.
Rima needs some space.
Rima needs supplies.
Rima needs that time.
Rima needs that.
Rima needs this.
Rima needs to get rid of that little punk.
Rima needs to learn how to fix her computer.
Rima needs to lose a few pounds to be able to wear that Kabyle dress.
Rima needs to regain her femininity.
Rima needs to soften up.
Rima needs to stop nagging.
Rima needs to study.
Rima needs to wear a Shawi dress.
Rima needs vitamins.
Rima never became a famous actress.
Rima never came.
Rima never complains.
Rima never dances.
Rima never drove.
Rima never fought.
Rima never lies.
Rima never misses.
Rima never reported that to the police.
Rima never rides the bus to and from school.
Rima never saw Linda.
Rima never saw Nuja at school again.
Rima never uses a computer mouse.
Rima never wins.
Rima never won.
Rima no longer groomed herself the way most women are expected to.
Rima no longer had a bachelor left for her in the village.
Rima noticed that her husband was in Skura’s room.
Rima noticed that.
Rima notified both the school and the police.
Rima offered Damiano free whisky to thank him.
Rima often bunks off school.
Rima often skives off school.
Rima only let Nuja out of the house for school.
Rima only let Skura try on ugly rags.
Rima only let her daughter try on ugly rags.
Rima only wore that Kabyle dress once.
Rima ordered champagne.
Rima ordered food.
Rima ordered pizza.
Rima overheard that.
Rima owns this restaurant.
Rima packed her school satchel for the coming day.
Rima packed his bags and moved back with dad.
Rima paid Silya.
Rima paid attention.
Rima paid the check.
Rima passed out at school.
Rima pays more.
Rima picked up Mina.
Rima pissed me off.
Rima planted a tree.
Rima planted heathers.
Rima played Damiano’s wife.
Rima played Silya.
Rima played all day.
Rima played alone.
Rima played baseball.
Rima played chess.
Rima played classical music.
Rima played football.
Rima played music.
Rima played poker.
Rima played soccer.
Rima played some music.
Rima played with her dolls.
Rima played with her husband, Antonio.
Rima plays alone.
Rima plays basketball.
Rima plays bingo.
Rima poisoned Mina.
Rima politely turned Ziri down.
Rima posted comments.
Rima prepared dinner.
Rima pressed charges.
Rima pressed play.
Rima pretended she was Ziri's girlfriend.
Rima pretended she was in labor.
Rima pretended to be harassed by men.
Rima pretended to get hot.
Rima proceeded to tell Rodrigo about her boyfriend.
Rima proposed that Skura raise the kid as her own.
Rima provided sexual favors to Edmundo.
Rima provides escorts.
Rima pulled away but Ziri was still holding her by the waist.
Rima pulled out two tickets out of her bag and handed one to Ziri.
Rima pulled over.
Rima purchased a shotgun.
Rima purchased medicine.
Rima pushed Adriano away from her baby.
Rima put her hands on her hips.
Rima put love notes on Ziri's desk but he would always throw them away without even reading them.
Rima put makeup on Skura.
Rima put makeup on.
Rima put on a Kabyle dress.
Rima put on a beautiful Shawi dress.
Rima put on a dazzling Shawi dress.
Rima put on a little bit of eyeliner.
Rima put on a pink Shawi dress.
Rima put on a tight-fitting top and shorts.
Rima put on her Kabyle dress again.
Rima put on her hijab quickly.
Rima put on her prettiest Shawi dress.
Rima put on makeup.
Rima put on some makeup.
Rima put on the Kabyle dress.
Rima put on the hijab immediately after she converted to Islam.
Rima put the Kabyle dress on.
Rima put the baby in a basket and pushed it into the water.
Rima quickly put on that Shawi dress.
Rima quickly ran.
Rima quickly seduced the man.
Rima quickly vanished.
Rima raised fourteen kids in this small apartment.
Rima ran as fast as possible to the police station.
Rima ran away from her husband in Morocco.
Rima ran faster.
Rima ran hard.
Rima ran home.
Rima ran into the hallway in tears.
Rima ran off with some guy.
Rima ran out.
Rima ran to her room and took out her diary to vent.
Rima ran to his room and burst into tears.
Rima rarely goes there.
Rima reached the school parking lot.
Rima read a book.
Rima read adventure books.
Rima realized that no one would accept her as a wife.
Rima realized that she actually liked girls.
Rima really didn't want to go back to that man.
Rima reassured Mina.
Rima received a bouquet of roses from a friend.
Rima recently started school.
Rima recognized Mina.
Rima recognized Miroslav on the bus and insulted him.
Rima recorded that.
Rima recovered from cancer.
Rima recycled batteries.
Rima refused to be kissed by that man.
Rima refused to get an abortion.
Rima refused to give in.
Rima refused to serve in the Israeli army.
Rima refused to take off her hijab.
Rima regrets not having studied hard at school.
Rima reluctantly informed Leon that she was pregnant.
Rima remained calm.
Rima remained still.
Rima reminded Boris that she was married.
Rima repeated that.
Rima reported that to campus police.
Rima reported that to the police.
Rima resents that.
Rima respects Silya.
Rima respects people.
Rima responded differently.
Rima resumed paddling.
Rima returned the favor with a kiss.
Rima returned to her hotel room.
Rima revealed how she got pregnant with Lorenzo.
Rima revealed to Carlos that she wasn’t the real daughter of Walid.
Rima rides the bus every day.
Rima rolled her eyes.
Rima ruined Mina.
Rima ruined everything.
Rima ruined it.
Rima ruined the lunch.
Rima runs the restaurant.
Rima rushed away.
Rima rushed inside.
Rima rushed outside.
Rima said Yanni was super duper cute.
Rima said she had a fight with her boyfriend.
Rima said she was pregnant with Oleg’s baby.
Rima said she was too old for Martino.
Rima said that her ex-husband was a homosexual.
Rima said that one day she would marry Ziri and have his babies.
Rima sang alone.
Rima sang well.
Rima saved money.
Rima saw Nuja at the bar this afternoon kissing another man.
Rima saw Skura walk out of her room with all her favorite Shawi dresses.
Rima saw a hyena and screamed.
Rima saw a wolf.
Rima saw jackals.
Rima saw me.
Rima saw that Dmitri had a wife named Skura.
Rima scared Nuja.
Rima screamed and cried over her deceased son.
Rima screamed in pain as she pushed the baby out.
Rima searched for Mina.
Rima seduced Oleg with her dancing.
Rima seductively touched Dmitri’s chest.
Rima seemed concerned.
Rima seemed different.
Rima seemed happy.
Rima selected a Kabyle dress with a simple design and minimal colors.
Rima served customers.
Rima served sandwiches.
Rima serves drinks.
Rima set the table.
Rima set the world alight with her extraordinary beauty.
Rima shook Mina awake.
Rima shook her head.
Rima shot the wolf.
Rima should do that.
Rima should go.
Rima should have called an ambulance.
Rima should investigate.
Rima should never have eaten at that restaurant.
Rima should never have stayed at that hotel.
Rima should report Nuja to the police right away.
Rima should stop sending Ziri mixed signals.
Rima should throw away that ugly teddy bear.
Rima should've paid more attention at school.
Rima showed Linda that.
Rima showed Nuja the other side of the mansion.
Rima showed her Kabyle dress to her mother.
Rima showed the police to the closet.
Rima showed up at school.
Rima showed up.
Rima showered there.
Rima slapped Silya.
Rima slapped Ziri and ran away in tears.
Rima slapped Ziri hard and she stormed out of his car.
Rima slept OK.
Rima slept alone.
Rima slept better.
Rima slept on the bus.
Rima slept restlessly.
Rima slept with a stranger.
Rima slipped and fell.
Rima slowly sidestepped.
Rima smells disgusting.
Rima smelt funky.
Rima smelt that.
Rima smelt urine.
Rima smiled at Mina.
Rima smiled back.
Rima smokes pot.
Rima smokes weed.
Rima smothered Maya.
Rima snuck out.
Rima soiled herself.
Rima sold cookies.
Rima sold her house.
Rima sold vuvuzelas.
Rima sounded angry.
Rima sounded crazy.
Rima sounded insane.
Rima sounded ridiculous.
Rima sounds like a man.
Rima speed-walked.
Rima spent a really nice day on the beach.
Rima spent all the money on clothes and jewelry.
Rima spent her entire life trying to find her man.
Rima spent her months in prison with a big pregnant belly.
Rima spent hours coming up with the perfect outfit for the party.
Rima spent the night fixing the computer.
Rima spent the whole evening crying in her room.
Rima spilled cream on her dress.
Rima spins the wool to make clothing and blankets.
Rima spoke Berber.
Rima spoke again.
Rima spoke confidently.
Rima spoke in a man’s voice.
Rima spotted Mina.
Rima stabbed herself.
Rima stared at her boyfriend.
Rima started apologizing.
Rima started coming over to me for fashion tips.
Rima started cooking.
Rima started coughing.
Rima started crying and Ziri told her to come inside.
Rima started fantasizing about playing house with Ziri.
Rima started filming.
Rima started getting mad.
Rima started going out with Ziri.
Rima started going to a new high school.
Rima started high school.
Rima started it.
Rima started massaging Oleg’s muscles.
Rima started school recently.
Rima started talking.
Rima started threatening Linda.
Rima started to change herself for attention.
Rima started to change herself for men.
Rima started to do her makeup.
Rima started to doubt her husband.
Rima started uncontrollably sobbing.
Rima started walking.
Rima started working.
Rima started yelling.
Rima stayed at the hotel.
Rima stayed home with the baby.
Rima stayed overnight.
Rima stayed put.
Rima still wanted to be with Ziri's son.
Rima still went to school.
Rima stole Ziri's attention.
Rima stole them.
Rima stood there.
Rima stopped begging.
Rima stopped behind the bus.
Rima stopped calling.
Rima stopped caring.
Rima stopped crying.
Rima stopped dancing.
Rima stopped filming.
Rima stopped going to school.
Rima stopped hanging out with the popular guys.
Rima stopped instantly.
Rima stopped painting.
Rima stopped shouting.
Rima stopped that car.
Rima stopped this.
Rima stopped trying.
Rima stopped yelling.
Rima stormed out of the restaurant.
Rima strangled Silya.
Rima stressed that she won’t sleep with Leon anymore.
Rima struck Mina.
Rima struggled to talk.
Rima studied at high school.
Rima studies every day.
Rima suddenly fell.
Rima suddenly jumped.
Rima suddenly left.
Rima suddenly screamed.
Rima sued Mina.
Rima suffered a miscarriage.
Rima supported her husband.
Rima suspected Mina.
Rima swaddled her baby and put it to bed.
Rima swam there.
Rima takes pride in wearing her Kabyle dress, recognizing it as a testament to the beauty of her culture.
Rima takes singing lessons at a school of music.
Rima talked about Mina.
Rima talked about her home life.
Rima talked about that.
Rima talked to men online.
Rima taught Berber at a middle school.
Rima taught Berber.
Rima teaches Berber at a middle school.
Rima testified against Linda.
Rima texted Silya.
Rima thanked Mina profusely.
Rima thanked Nuja.
Rima thanked Ziri for the chocolates.
Rima the best thing in this world.
Rima thinks Yanni is super cute.
Rima thinks Ziri is gay.
Rima thought Yanni was very cute.
Rima thought Ziri was cute.
Rima thought about it.
Rima threatened to leave.
Rima threw a party.
Rima threw away her dolls.
Rima threw her arms around Ziri's neck and kissed him.
Rima threw them away.
Rima threw up.
Rima tickled Nuja.
Rima tied a belt around her Kabyle dress.
Rima told Bruno he was a good man.
Rima told Edmundo how she got pregnant.
Rima told Gunter she might be pregnant.
Rima told Skura her skirt was hideous.
Rima told Skura how sexual intercourse works.
Rima told Ziri she was pregnant.
Rima told her husband about their daughter's condition.
Rima told the emperor to close his eyes.
Rima told the police about all those incidents.
Rima tolerates pain.
Rima took Berber in high school.
Rima took Lina to an amazing Algerian restaurant in Paris.
Rima took Lina to one of her favorite restaurants.
Rima took a dump.
Rima took a life.
Rima took a look at the computer.
Rima took a wet tissue and wipe all the makeup off her face.
Rima took care of her baby.
Rima took off her Kabyle dress.
Rima took off the locket she was wearing.
Rima took out her scrapbook and checked something.
Rima took revenge.
Rima took risks.
Rima took that.
Rima took the money.
Rima took them.
Rima tore her Kabyle dress.
Rima touched Nuja.
Rima touched her face to see streaks of makeup on her fingers.
Rima touched it.
Rima trained consistently.
Rima trains dogs.
Rima transformed into a young girl.
Rima translated it.
Rima trapped Mina.
Rima traveled around.
Rima tried again.
Rima tried anything to stop her baby crying.
Rima tried listening.
Rima tried on Skura’s makeup.
Rima tried on Skura’s wig.
Rima tried on the Shawi dress one more time.
Rima tried that.
Rima tried the Kabyle dress on and it lifted her spirits.
Rima tried the ugly dress and she almost burst out crying.
Rima tried to impersonate Selena Gomez.
Rima tried wearing pants for the first time.
Rima turned Linda down.
Rima turned herself into a cool chick.
Rima turned into a real beauty, just like her mom.
Rima turned into a superficial bimbo.
Rima turned into a tigress.
Rima turned on Linda.
Rima turned out to be a real drama queen.
Rima tutored Silya.
Rima typed comments.
Rima underestimates Mina.
Rima understands that.
Rima understood everything.
Rima undressed the dead woman and wore her clothes.
Rima used her legs to kick Ziri off of her.
Rima used love magic on Oleg.
Rima used makeup to make herself look more normal.
Rima used to be a fabulous wife but she destroyed everything when she started drinking.
Rima uses Snapchat.
Rima values Mina.
Rima vandalized Nuja’s restaurant.
Rima vanished.
Rima visited a convent in the middle of the island.
Rima vomited on the bus.
Rima waited for an ambulance.
Rima waited long.
Rima walked around.
Rima walked away.
Rima walked home.
Rima walked into the restaurant.
Rima walked like a model.
Rima walked out.
Rima walked outside.
Rima walked slowly.
Rima walked towards the school.
Rima wandered alone.
Rima wandered around.
Rima wanted Ziri to see that she had another boyfriend.
Rima wanted a necklace.
Rima wanted flowers.
Rima wanted isolation.
Rima wanted to Yanni to pick her over her friends.
Rima wanted to apply her makeup.
Rima wanted to become a model.
Rima wanted to find a husband.
Rima wanted to go to the movies with Ziri.
Rima wanted to have a baby.
Rima wanted to keep the baby.
Rima wanted to know what her future husband was like.
Rima wanted to look really cool for the high school guys.
Rima wanted to seduce the emperor.
Rima wanted to wear a Kabyle dress.
Rima wanted to wear that Kabyle dress at the party.
Rima wanted your cooperation.
Rima wants Ziri to come with her to the concert.
Rima wants a breast reduction.
Rima wants that Kabyle dress.
Rima wants to keep that Kabyle dress.
Rima wants to run for Miss Algeria.
Rima warned Mina.
Rima was Algerian.
Rima was Gabriel’s concubine.
Rima was Gustavo’s love interest.
Rima was OK.
Rima was Yanni's mother.
Rima was Ziri's first cat.
Rima was a Palestinian girl with short and beautiful hair.
Rima was a boastful girl.
Rima was a coach.
Rima was a dream come true.
Rima was a fake.
Rima was a girl with manly features.
Rima was a gogo dancer.
Rima was a little girl with brown curly hair.
Rima was a mess.
Rima was a necessity.
Rima was a privileged rich girl.
Rima was a quiet little girl.
Rima was a real beauty.
Rima was a recently widowed woman.
Rima was a shameless gold digger.
Rima was a student.
Rima was a teenage girl.
Rima was a terrible wife.
Rima was a very individualistic introverted woman.
Rima was a virgin.
Rima was a young woman once.
Rima was abducted.
Rima was able to fix the computer.
Rima was about to give birth.
Rima was about to push Ziri away when, suddenly, Walid did it for her.
Rima was about to walk to school.
Rima was absent from school because she was ill.
Rima was abusing her husband.
Rima was accompanied.
Rima was adopted.
Rima was airlifted.
Rima was alone.
Rima was amazing.
Rima was an extreme tomboy.
Rima was an extremely popular girl in high school.
Rima was angrier.
Rima was angry.
Rima was annoyed.
Rima was applying lipstick.
Rima was around.
Rima was arrested.
Rima was assaulted.
Rima was at high school.
Rima was available.
Rima was backpacking.
Rima was batting her eyelashes at Skura's husband.
Rima was beaten by the legionnaires and interrogated by their psychopathic leader.
Rima was beaten up badly by the legionnaires.
Rima was beheaded.
Rima was behind a computer screen.
Rima was being stubborn.
Rima was being the other woman.
Rima was beside herself.
Rima was bewildered.
Rima was bitten.
Rima was bluffing.
Rima was boring.
Rima was boy-crazy.
Rima was bragging about ordering address from a fashionable online store.
Rima was broke.
Rima was brutally tortured by the legionnaires.
Rima was bullied.
Rima was buried.
Rima was cackling like a witch.
Rima was called.
Rima was calling her husband to inform him about the situation.
Rima was calm.
Rima was careful.
Rima was caught.
Rima was certain Ziri liked her but he was just running away from her.
Rima was changing Adriano’s sheets.
Rima was chased.
Rima was chasing Linda.
Rima was chilling.
Rima was chosen.
Rima was clinging onto Ziri's arm.
Rima was confused.
Rima was convicted.
Rima was covered.
Rima was crying.
Rima was cursing.
Rima was cute.
Rima was dancing at work.
Rima was dancing on the beach.
Rima was dancing.
Rima was dating the biggest bully at school.
Rima was dead.
Rima was deaf.
Rima was dedicated.
Rima was defeated.
Rima was depressed.
Rima was desperate to become prom queen.
Rima was desperate.
Rima was disrespectful.
Rima was disrespecting Mina.
Rima was distraught.
Rima was disturbed.
Rima was doing OK.
Rima was doing drugs.
Rima was doing her job on the computer.
Rima was doing her makeup.
Rima was doing provocative dances.
Rima was doing some makeup on customers.
Rima was doing something.
Rima was down.
Rima was dragged away by the legionnaires, never to be seen.
Rima was dragged in chains by the legionnaires.
Rima was dressed decently.
Rima was drooling.
Rima was dumped by her boyfriend.
Rima was embarrassed.
Rima was engaged to Ziri.
Rima was even more beautiful up close.
Rima was evicted.
Rima was evil.
Rima was excited.
Rima was exhausted.
Rima was explaining that.
Rima was extremely beautiful.
Rima was familiar with a good portion of that airport.
Rima was famous.
Rima was finished.
Rima was first.
Rima was fishing.
Rima was fitted into a Shawi dress that she absolutely loved.
Rima was flabbergasted.
Rima was folding linen and cleaning rooms at Walid's motel.
Rima was following Mina.
Rima was fooled.
Rima was four months pregnant when she and Ziri tied the knot.
Rima was four months pregnant.
Rima was framed.
Rima was free.
Rima was freezing.
Rima was frustrated.
Rima was getting raped.
Rima was ghosted by her boyfriend.
Rima was giggling and twizzling with her hair.
Rima was graduating middle school.
Rima was great.
Rima was groped by the legionnaires.
Rima was growing.
Rima was handcuffed.
Rima was happy.
Rima was harassed by some thugs.
Rima was healthy.
Rima was heartbroken her hair was permanently gone.
Rima was helped.
Rima was hesitant.
Rima was hit on by a guy last night.
Rima was hit on by cops.
Rima was hit.
Rima was home-schooled.
Rima was home.
Rima was honest.
Rima was hopeless.
Rima was hot.
Rima was humiliated.
Rima was hungry.
Rima was identified.
Rima was in a bad mood as we left the restaurant.
Rima was in high school.
Rima was in love with the governor's son.
Rima was in middle school.
Rima was in pain.
Rima was in the makeup aisle.
Rima was in trouble.
Rima was indifferent.
Rima was infected.
Rima was infertile.
Rima was informed.
Rima was injured.
Rima was insanely jealous.
Rima was insulted.
Rima was intelligent.
Rima was interested.
Rima was involved.
Rima was irresponsible.
Rima was jealous of Skura's look.
Rima was jealous.
Rima was just breathing.
Rima was just crying.
Rima was kicked out of school on her birthday.
Rima was kidnapped.
Rima was kind of insolent.
Rima was kind.
Rima was knocking.
Rima was late for school because it was raining hard.
Rima was late.
Rima was left with a Kabyle dress.
Rima was like a sister to Ziri.
Rima was listening to Ziri and battering her eyelashes.
Rima was literally all over Ziri.
Rima was livid.
Rima was living there.
Rima was located.
Rima was lonely.
Rima was looking at the picture of a naked man.
Rima was looking for her makeup.
Rima was looking.
Rima was making beds.
Rima was making good money.
Rima was making out with a demon.
Rima was manipulative.
Rima was messed up.
Rima was miserable.
Rima was mumbling.
Rima was murdered.
Rima was naked.
Rima was natural.
Rima was negative.
Rima was never approached by guys.
Rima was nice.
Rima was normal.
Rima was not at school because she was ill.
Rima was not beautiful enough to be a belly dancer.
Rima was not right.
Rima was not sure.
Rima was notified.
Rima was obsessed with making Skura a super model.
Rima was offended.
Rima was old.
Rima was on his way to the convent.
Rima was once an ordinary woman.
Rima was one of those people who acted out for attention.
Rima was only smiling.
Rima was outside.
Rima was overjoyed.
Rima was paid.
Rima was painting her nails.
Rima was paralyzed and couldn't take care of her baby.
Rima was perky.
Rima was photographed.
Rima was planning an after-prom party.
Rima was playing.
Rima was popular at school.
Rima was powerless.
Rima was pregnant once more.
Rima was pregnant with Boris.
Rima was pregnant with Ziri.
Rima was prettier than Skura.
Rima was pretty small.
Rima was pretty.
Rima was provoked.
Rima was punished.
Rima was pushing out the baby.
Rima was qualified.
Rima was quivering.
Rima was raising her children to hate their father.
Rima was raped by the legionnaires.
Rima was raped.
Rima was ready for school.
Rima was real hurt.
Rima was really hurt.
Rima was really weird.
Rima was rebellious.
Rima was recognized.
Rima was recording.
Rima was registered.
Rima was rehearsing.
Rima was rejected.
Rima was released.
Rima was reported missing.
Rima was reported.
Rima was reshaped into a man.
Rima was resting.
Rima was resurrected.
Rima was right.
Rima was safe.
Rima was satisfied.
Rima was scammed.
Rima was scared.
Rima was scratched.
Rima was screaming.
Rima was searched.
Rima was searching for her Prince Charming.
Rima was seen.
Rima was selected.
Rima was serious.
Rima was sexually abused by the legionnaires and became pregnant.
Rima was shocked.
Rima was short-haired.
Rima was showing off her necklace to her friends.
Rima was showing off the necklace Ziri had given her.
Rima was shy.
Rima was sick.
Rima was sitting at a cafeteria table, surrounded by her minions.
Rima was sitting at her computer, working.
Rima was sitting on Ziri's shoulders.
Rima was sitting on that beach.
Rima was skipping school.
Rima was smart.
Rima was smitten by Ziri.
Rima was so beautiful that Ziri couldn't take his eyes off her.
Rima was so busy.
Rima was so confused.
Rima was so furious.
Rima was so good at stitching.
Rima was so happy to have Skura out of her way, but much to her disappointment, Ziri never asked her out.
Rima was so rude.
Rima was so terrified.
Rima was so worried she was going to call the police.
Rima was spotted at a women's shelter in Algiers.
Rima was spotted.
Rima was squealing in terror.
Rima was still breathing.
Rima was still heartbroken that her dad left her.
Rima was still wearing her Shawi dress.
Rima was strangled.
Rima was studying.
Rima was stung.
Rima was stunned by the Kabyle dress.
Rima was styling her hair.
Rima was such a country girl.
Rima was such a drama queen.
Rima was suffering.
Rima was sure.
Rima was surprised to see Ziri shirtless.
Rima was surrounded by a group of boys.
Rima was suspected.
Rima was suspended from school.
Rima was taken.
Rima was talented.
Rima was talking to Damiano, her boyfriend.
Rima was talking to her husband.
Rima was teasing Linda.
Rima was telling everyone Ziri was gay.
Rima was tested.
Rima was the best thing that has ever happened in Ziri's life.
Rima was the coolest girl in our school.
Rima was the daughter of the deputy mayor.
Rima was the eldest daughter.
Rima was the one Ziri couldn't take his eyes off.
Rima was the only girl.
Rima was the prima ballerina in a famous theater.
Rima was there.
Rima was thirsty.
Rima was threatened.
Rima was thrown out of school.
Rima was tortured.
Rima was tough.
Rima was treating Ziri like an ATM.
Rima was tricked.
Rima was tried.
Rima was trying on a Shawi dress.
Rima was trying on dresses like a maniac.
Rima was trying those Shawi dresses on.
Rima was twirling one of the curly ends of her hair.
Rima was ugly.
Rima was unconscious.
Rima was undergoing labor.
Rima was unfamiliar with that airport.
Rima was unharmed.
Rima was unlucky.
Rima was unprepared.
Rima was unrecognizable.
Rima was up.
Rima was used.
Rima was very calm.
Rima was very tall.
Rima was vulnerable to men.
Rima was walking around in a bikini.
Rima was walking around the convent.
Rima was walking towards the airport’s exit.
Rima was wanted.
Rima was washing her Kabyle dress.
Rima was washing up.
Rima was watching Linda.
Rima was watching YouTube.
Rima was weak.
Rima was wealthy.
Rima was wearing a beige blouse.
Rima was wearing a blue top.
Rima was wearing a cute outfit.
Rima was wearing a dress and makeup.
Rima was wearing a fashionable Shawi dress.
Rima was wearing a flower crown.
Rima was wearing a gorgeous dress.
Rima was wearing a man’s jacket.
Rima was wearing a nun’s habit.
Rima was wearing a white dress symbolizing her innocence.
Rima was wearing her grandmother's locket.
Rima was wearing lip gloss because she was in love with someone.
Rima was wearing that Shawi dress.
Rima was wearing white skinny jeans.
Rima was weary of being objectified every night.
Rima was well.
Rima was whispering.
Rima was white.
Rima was with other pregnant women.
Rima was with that idiot.
Rima was wonderful.
Rima was working there.
Rima was, actually, lovely.
Rima washed off the make-up.
Rima wasn't an especially good pupil at school.
Rima wasn't around.
Rima wasn't at school because she was ill.
Rima wasn't attractive.
Rima wasn't expecting those flowers.
Rima wasn't into Ziri at all.
Rima wasn't invited to the party and had nothing to wear.
Rima wasn't pregnant.
Rima wasn't ready for a kiss. She smacked Ziri across the face and walked off.
Rima wasn't right.
Rima wasn't sexually assaulted.
Rima wasn't sure.
Rima wasted energy.
Rima wasted money.
Rima wasted time.
Rima watched baseball.
Rima watched some rare episodes of her favorite police procedural.
Rima watches football alone.
Rima watches football.
Rima waved back.
Rima wears her Kabyle dress with a sense of pride, knowing that it embodies the rich traditions of her region.
Rima wears her Kabyle dress with immense pride.
Rima weighed forty pounds.
Rima welcomed everyone.
Rima went away.
Rima went back to her hotel.
Rima went back to put her Shawi dress on.
Rima went back to the girls' showers.
Rima went back to work after her maternity leave.
Rima went crazy.
Rima went down in a beautiful Shawi dress.
Rima went downstairs.
Rima went farther.
Rima went fishing.
Rima went grocery shopping.
Rima went hunting.
Rima went in there.
Rima went inside.
Rima went pale.
Rima went quiet.
Rima went silent.
Rima went straight to her computer to chat.
Rima went through the online store's entire catalog of dresses.
Rima went to a little restaurant.
Rima went to a pretty big school.
Rima went to a restaurant.
Rima went to check.
Rima went to high school in Algeria.
Rima went to high school.
Rima went to night school.
Rima went to prom with Ziri.
Rima went to school every day.
Rima went to school this afternoon.
Rima went to school this morning.
Rima went to the beach.
Rima went to the dance with Ziri.
Rima went upstairs.
Rima went with Mina.
Rima will be Skura’s maid of honor.
Rima will be back.
Rima will be filming at Nuja’s school.
Rima will die.
Rima will lose.
Rima will meet a man, a rich one.
Rima will never use a computer again.
Rima will not become like her mother.
Rima will speak.
Rima will win.
Rima wiped off her makeup.
Rima woke up early in the morning and left the camp site to look for a spot to pee.
Rima wonders why.
Rima won’t need to go to school anymore.
Rima wooed men with her beauty and sweetness.
Rima wore a Chanel jacket.
Rima wore a Gucci dress.
Rima wore a Shawi dress to school.
Rima wore a beautiful Kabyle dress.
Rima wore a blue dress.
Rima wore a dominatrix outfit.
Rima wore a gold dress.
Rima wore a school uniform.
Rima wore an expensive Kabyle dress.
Rima wore beautiful Shawi dresses.
Rima wore glass shoes.
Rima wore gloves.
Rima wore her best Shawi dress.
Rima wore high-heel shoes.
Rima wore pants underneath her dress.
Rima wore the Kabyle dress that her mother has gotten her.
Rima wore tight shorts.
Rima worked alone.
Rima worked at a restaurant.
Rima worked at the hospital.
Rima worked hard in school.
Rima worked hard.
Rima worked with me.
Rima works as a waitress at the diner.
Rima works for free.
Rima works hard.
Rima works outside.
Rima works there.
Rima worships Satan.
Rima would have lost the child as well.
Rima would make a difficult girlfriend and wife.
Rima would never be able to get pregnant.
Rima wouldn't date a nobody like Ziri.
Rima wrote a letter.
Rima wrote comments.
Rima wrote that.
Rima's Kabyle dress is smaller than a handkerchief.
Rima's Kabyle dress shows too much.
Rima's Kabyle dress tore.
Rima's baby cries all the time.
Rima's baby has never died.
Rima's baby is OK.
Rima's baby is fine.
Rima's baby is hungry.
Rima's baby is too quiet.
Rima's baby looks fine.
Rima's baby started to cry.
Rima's baby was crying.
Rima's baby was smuggled out of the castle.
Rima's behavior is impeccable.
Rima's blue eyes were mesmerizing.
Rima's body changed.
Rima's body would not be able to take the pregnancy to full term.
Rima's boobs are getting bigger.
Rima's boyfriend was always broke.
Rima's contractions are five minutes apart. Now she can go to the hospital.
Rima's contractions are increasing in intensity.
Rima's cooking is tasty.
Rima's dress suddenly turned into rags.
Rima's father also agreed to our relationship.
Rima's hair was in a towel.
Rima's hair was poofy like a lion's.
Rima's husband left her.
Rima's husband passed.
Rima's husband was so sweet.
Rima's jacket was made by children in Bangladesh.
Rima's kiss gave me butterflies in my tummy.
Rima's necklace is gorgeous.
Rima's parents kicked her boyfriend out.
Rima's perfume smells very nice.
Rima's quite small.
Rima's skin is so stressed.
Rima's son is as cute as Ziri was when he was a baby.
Rima's still here.
Rima's tears turned into icicles.
Rima's top is too revealing.
Rima's traveling west.
Rima, an Israeli woman, refused to be drafted.
Rima, too, deserves pretty things.
Rima... You're all that I want.
Rima? What a nice girl!
Rimas is an Iraqi citizen.
Rima and Skura got the message.
Rima and Skura thought about it.
Rima’s body is her only weapon.
Rima’s male organs are intact.
Rima’s parents expected her to get pregnant as soon as possible.
Rima’s vagina is her most powerful weapon.
Rime was originally supposed to be an exclusive for the PS4, but now it's multi-platform.
Rin is always surprised when she sees me.
Rina is in the home economics club. Her main activity is dressmaking.
Ring as soon as you arrive.
Ring as soon as you're ready.
Ring her tonight.
Ring him tonight.
Ring home!
Ring home.
Ring if you want me to pick you up.
Ring me after nine o'clock.
Ring me after nine.
Ring me after you've spoken to him.
Ring me any time you want.
Ring me as soon as possible, please.
Ring me as soon as you arrive.
Ring me as soon as you get there.
Ring me at noon tomorrow!
Ring me at the office tomorrow morning.
Ring me at the office.
Ring me back.
Ring me before you go.
Ring me before you leave.
Ring me before you set off.
Ring me if it rains.
Ring me if something happens.
Ring me if you change your mind.
Ring me if you find her.
Ring me if you find him.
Ring me if you find them.
Ring me later.
Ring me straight away if anything happens.
Ring me tomorrow afternoon.
Ring me tomorrow at nine o'clock.
Ring me tomorrow at nine.
Ring me tomorrow at twelve.
Ring me tomorrow morning at nine.
Ring me tomorrow.
Ring me up.
Ring me when you find him.
Ring me when you get there.
Ring me when you get this message.
Ring me when you're there.
Ring me when you've finished.
Ring me whenever you want.
Ring me.
Ring my bell.
Ring ring!
Ring the bell if the door is closed.
Ring the bell if you need me.
Ring the bell in an emergency.
Ring the bell when you want me.
Ring the bell.
Ring the police!
Ring them tonight.
Ring us this afternoon.
Ring your sister.
Ringing its bell, the train runs over the guard's foot.
Rinse and clean the trash can if you notice any spills or odors.
Rinse each dish with clean water to remove soap residue.
Rinse his hands.
Rinse off items that have sticky or sugary residue before placing them in the dishwasher.
Rinse out your mouth with salt water.
Rinse out your mug.
Rinse the cutting board to remove all soap residue.
Rinse with warm water.
Rinse your hands.
Rio de Janeiro is a very beautiful city.
Rio de Janeiro is perfectly safe as long as you stay out of the dangerous areas.
Rio de Janeiro was founded in 1565.
Rio is a very large city and Campo Grande is the biggest neighbor.
Rio isn't the safest city in the world.
Rio's carnival is held in February.
Riot police fired tear gas and water cannons at demonstrators.
Rioting and looting continued throughout the night.
Riots are occurring across the country to protest the war.
Riots broke out in Boston.
Riots started to break out across the city.
Rio’s carnival is held in February.
Rip currents are powerful, narrow channels of fast-moving water that are prevalent along the East, Gulf, and West coasts of the U.S., as well as along the shores of the Great Lakes.
Rip it out.
Rip your scribble into a thousand shreds!
Riparian systems perform numerous ecosystem functions important to humans, yet are one of the most endangered forest types in the United States.
Riparian zones are narrow strips of land located along the banks of rivers.
Ripe bananas are yellow.
Ripe figs attract all sorts of bugs.
Ripe figs attract all sorts of insects.
Ripe figs attract bees.
Ripe figs attract wasps.
Ripe figs attract yellowjackets.
Ripe figs taste better and are more nutritious.
Ripe medlars come away easily from the tree.
Ripe papaya smells like vomit.
Ripped jeans are back in fashion.
Ripples continue to radiate outward long after the stone that produced them has sunk to the bottom of the pond.
Ripples were emanating from the middle of the lake.
Risa spends most of her free time painting.
Rise and go from here.
Rise and shine!
Rise and shine, Johnny! Time to go to school.
Rise and shine, Johnny.
Rise and shine, Tom.
Rise and shine, big girl!
Rise and shine, sleepyhead.
Rise and shine.
Rise early and your luck will rise with you.
Rise for the entrance of the Grand Council!
Rise up and you'll have, stand up and you'll see, stay there and you'll have nothing!
Rise up, take up thy bed, and walk.
Rise when called.
Rise!
Rise, Peter, kill and eat!
Rises in temperature create the ideal conditions for catching colds.
Rishabh told me that his family hails from Mithila and that he speaks Maithili with his parents.
Rishi wanted to study civil engineering, despite his parents wishing he'd become a doctor.
Rising costs are fueling anxieties among consumers.
Rising from his seat, Tom made his way to the onstage lectern to applause.
Rising from the mist...
Rising noise levels can negatively impact ocean animals and ecosystems.
Rising pollution levels contributed to the greenhouse effect that would lead to partially melting the polar ice caps.
Rising seas linked to climate change are triggering chronic inland flooding in many parts of the world.
Rising temperatures are reducing ice volume and surface extent on land, lakes, and sea. This loss of ice is expected to continue.
Rising waters during the winter months are nothing new for Venetians, who have lived with high and low tides for centuries.
Risk all and gain all.
Risk is an essential part of progress.
Risk nothing!
Risotto is made with arborio rice.
Rita is Dan's daughter-in-law.
Ritsuko is something of an authority on the subject.
Rituals were performed in churches.
Rivalry means, etymologically, a dispute between landowners because Roman properties were often separated by a river ("rivus" in Latin).
River Suzhou is Shanghai's "mother river"; twisting and turning, it stretches across and flows through the city center.
River Suzhou is Shanghai’s "mother river"; twisting and turning, it stretches across and flows through the city center.
Rivers are plentiful on Earth, and each river has a connection of streams that all flow into it. Some of Earth's solar-system neighbors show evidence that they once had similar river systems.
Rivers burst their banks because of rain which started falling last Wednesday.
Rivers levels in southern Germany are gradually falling.
Rivers like the Rhine and the Elbe have soaked up so much heat that fish are beginning to suffocate.
Rivers were the ancient form of sewage disposal.
Rivka is addicted to languages.
Rivulets of condensation ran down the draughty windows.
Rivulets of rainwater ran down the roof.
Riyad Mahrez and "The Desert Foxes" of Algeria are hoping to hoist the Nations Cup trophy once again.
Riyadh is the capital of Saudi Arabia.
Rma and Skura were really weird.
Roaches hide themselves during the day.
Road builders need to consider environmental consequences.
Road construction, other infrastructure development, and illegal collecting can impact fossil-bearing units.
Road humps may be placed across the road to slow traffic.
Road rage is a problem in my country.
Road rage is a serious problem in the USA.
Road signs are generally installed on the verge.
Road signs are generally put up on the verge.
Road signs ought to be visible from a distance.
Road sweepers sweep up the litter every morning.
Road traffic injuries are a major public health problem and a leading cause of death.
Road users must observe the Highway Code.
Roadblocks have been put up.
Roadblocks have been set up.
Roads are blocked.
Roads are narrow in this town.
Roads emerge because we walk them.
Roads in the country aren't as busy as those in the city.
Roads turned into rivers, with vehicles swept away by the rapid currents.
Roads were built.
Roads were overflowing with humanity.
Roads, bridges, subways, water supplies, oil and gas wells, power plants, sewage treatment plants, landfills—virtually all human infrastructure—is at risk from sea level rise.
Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads.
Roadworks are blocking the road in both directions.
Roadworks are blocking traffic in both directions.
Roadworks were blocking the way into the street.
Roark says the long-lived corals are important not only because they support many other forms of marine life, but because they also open a window on the ocean's ancient history.
Roast beef is usually accompanied by Yorkshire pudding.
Roast chicken is one of my favorite dishes.
Roast lamb is eaten for Easter.
Roast the bhakri while the pan is heated.
Roasted chestnuts are a popular winter food.
Roasted chickpeas are a tasty snack.
Rob is a proud Dundonian.
Rob is my friend.
Rob railed me in the ass.
Rob told me the good news!
Rob, calm down – you're seeing a red mist.
Rob, go and watch telly.
Rob, go watch TV.
Robbers prowl around at midnight.
Robbers wrecked the mail train.
Robbery had not been the object of the murder, for nothing was taken. Was it politics, then, or was it a woman? That was the question which confronted me.
Robbery is a quick way to earn a shedload of cash.
Robert De Niro has been a faithful exponent of 'the Method', immersing himself totally in his roles and notorious for gaining and losing whatever weight has been necessary to convey the character.
Robert Deniro made a cameo appearance in the movie.
Robert E. Lee, who's no longer in favor—did you ever notice it? He's no longer in favor. "Never fight uphill, me boys, never fight uphill." They were fighting uphill. He said, "Wow, that was a big mistake." He lost his big general. "Never fight uphill, me boys," but it was too late.
Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. makes me feel better about Biden.
Robert Hansen was arrested on suspicion of having sold off secret information to the former Soviet Union.
Robert Koch Institute for Infectious Diseases President Lothar Wieler said that while COVID-19 infection rates have stabilized, they are still too high.
Robert Louis Stevenson warns us that "to travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive," beautifully portraying the emptiness and illusory character of achievement.
Robert Schumann was a German composer and pianist.
Robert Smith is the singer of the group The Cure.
Robert absolutely hated Sandra.
Robert accidentally dropped all the money.
Robert accused Martha of ruining his life.
Robert acted aggressively and told the detective to leave.
Robert acted like a total sicko.
Robert adjusted to his new life.
Robert admitted that he wanted to stay with Martha.
Robert advised Martha to find someone to socialize with.
Robert agreed to keep the secret.
Robert agreed to marry Sandra because Dad asked him to.
Robert almost burst out laughing.
Robert almost got arrested.
Robert always gave Martha the best advice he could.
Robert always gets Martha what she wants.
Robert always had a plan B.
Robert always tells stories from his private diary.
Robert and Martha are back together. That's the kind of happy ending they deserve.
Robert and Martha began arguing again.
Robert and Martha completely ignored each other at work.
Robert and Martha decided to separate.
Robert and Martha faked their relationship.
Robert and Martha grew apart even though they had skating classes together.
Robert and Martha had an argument about Walid's illness.
Robert and Martha had the best time together.
Robert and Martha hung out the day after.
Robert and Martha kept hanging out together.
Robert and Martha were playing dodgeball.
Robert and Martha were sweethearts.
Robert and Martha weren't right for each other.
Robert and Martha wrote to each other.
Robert and Martine are foreign names.
Robert and Sandra are such a wonderful couple.
Robert and Sandra both forgot about it.
Robert and Sandra chatted sweetly.
Robert and Sandra had a picnic in the park.
Robert and Sandra have known each other before.
Robert and Sandra hugged and cried.
Robert and Sandra kept fighting.
Robert and Sandra looked at each other and burst out laughing.
Robert and Sandra shove off each other's eyebrows.
Robert and Sandra went to the movies together.
Robert and Sandra were having such a great time that they forgot all about the exam.
Robert and Sandra were perfect for each other.
Robert and Sandra's first kiss was ruined.
Robert and Walid became besties.
Robert and his cousin grew up together in the same neighborhood.
Robert answered Sandra over the phone.
Robert apologized to everyone for ruining breakfast.
Robert appeared with a rather annoyed face.
Robert appeared with an uncountable amount of bodyguards.
Robert approached his ex to give the letter to her.
Robert approached the man and pointed his gun at him, saying that he needed his car.
Robert arrived at the beach.
Robert asked Martha the same question again.
Robert asked Martha to accompany him to a tattoo parlor.
Robert asked Martha to apologize to Linda.
Robert asked Martha to stay on the phone.
Robert asked Sandra for her contact information.
Robert asked Sandra to pay for his coffee.
Robert asked Sandra who Walid was.
Robert asked the kids quite angrily why they left the window open.
Robert asked to be left alone.
Robert asked where his kids were.
Robert ate his food and had fun.
Robert attacked Martha with a knife.
Robert beamed when he saw Martha.
Robert became Sandra's personal bodyguard.
Robert became a member of the elite circle at school.
Robert became a teenager.
Robert became obsessed with training Martha.
Robert began complaining about chest pain.
Robert began talking to himself.
Robert began to feel sick.
Robert began to get progressively more creepy.
Robert began to have another epileptic seizure.
Robert begged Martha to reconsider, but she had to tell him no.
Robert begged Mom to get him a professional recording set with a mic.
Robert begged Sandra to help him get rid of his abusive father.
Robert blamed Martha for his problem.
Robert blamed everything on Sandra.
Robert bludgeoned the warden to death with the trophy.
Robert bought Sandra a box of chocolates in exchange for her silence.
Robert bought a bunch of new clothes for Sandra.
Robert bought the app from a guy named Walid.
Robert broke a lot of hearts.
Robert broke into the school.
Robert broke off in the middle of his phone call.
Robert broke the glass immediately.
Robert broke up with Linda instantly.
Robert brought Sandra an expensive perfume in exchange for her silence.
Robert brought the body to the shore.
Robert bumped into the principal.
Robert called Sandra "trouble on two legs."
Robert called Sandra in secret.
Robert came on stage.
Robert came to Martha for advice.
Robert came to Martha to ask for help, but she turned him down.
Robert came to help Martha anyways.
Robert came to me for advice.
Robert came to say hi to Martha.
Robert came to school with a serious limp.
Robert came to sit next to Martha.
Robert came to the summer camp.
Robert came up to Sandra at the dining room.
Robert can listen to the call.
Robert can only ask Sandra to help him.
Robert can solve his own problems.
Robert can still change his lifestyle if he wishes.
Robert can stop Martha's transformation into a monster.
Robert can't be in the spotlight again.
Robert can't eat that food.
Robert can't play this game.
Robert can't really afford a good car.
Robert can't run very fast.
Robert carefully lifted the fragile glass vase and placed it on the table.
Robert carefully placed the book on the shelf.
Robert carefully took the knife from Martha.
Robert cautiously started up the hill.
Robert changed into his swimsuit.
Robert changed the way he looked.
Robert chatted with his friends on the phone.
Robert checked his heartrate throughout the date.
Robert checked his phone for the time.
Robert checked the injury.
Robert chose a dumb outfit.
Robert climbed out of the window.
Robert climbed over the fence.
Robert climbed the mountain with great determination.
Robert comes to visit me every now and then.
Robert committed a bank robbery.
Robert confessed he had a tumor.
Robert confirmed everything Sandra said.
Robert constantly stared at Sandra.
Robert contacted the driver.
Robert continued to flee.
Robert continued to lose a lot of blood from his wound.
Robert continued to run up the hill.
Robert continued training, running in the forest.
Robert contracted a boredom fever.
Robert could beat Martha.
Robert could easily have overpowered Martha.
Robert could get used to this.
Robert could memorize anything he read.
Robert couldn't believe it.
Robert couldn't help people anymore.
Robert couldn't perform like that.
Robert couldn't picture himself doing all that for the rest of his life.
Robert couldn't sleep a wink that night.
Robert couldn't talk to Martha either.
Robert covered his face with a pillow.
Robert covered his wound with a cloth.
Robert cowardly ran out of the cafe.
Robert crashed into the statue and broke it.
Robert cried out in pain.
Robert cried until he passed out from fatigue.
Robert croaked like a frog.
Robert curiously approached Sandra.
Robert decided to follow in his Dad's footsteps and become a nurse.
Robert decided to get even.
Robert decided to get proof that Sandra had hired Walid to follow him around.
Robert decided to give Linda some time.
Robert decided to give it another try.
Robert decided to have some fun with Sandra.
Robert decided to have some fun with his parents.
Robert decided to take some time for himself.
Robert decided to try fitness classes.
Robert definitely didn't want to see Sandra there.
Robert deserved to be taught a lesson.
Robert did a quarter turn.
Robert did his best to help you all.
Robert didn't care about Martha at all.
Robert didn't comfort Sandra because he was never around.
Robert didn't even try to study at school.
Robert didn't expect to hear anything like that from Sandra.
Robert didn't feel like himself.
Robert didn't have time to hang out with Martha anymore.
Robert didn't hear that often.
Robert didn't like studying much.
Robert didn't like the way Sandra drew him.
Robert didn't really date Sandra. He just asked her to play along.
Robert didn't spend the stolen money.
Robert didn't turn back.
Robert didn't want Martha to be mad again.
Robert didn't want to go to the psychologist again.
Robert didn't want to leave his friends.
Robert didn't want to miss Sandra's concert.
Robert didn't want to see Sandra anymore.
Robert didn't want to trick people.
Robert disappeared before Sandra could even say goodbye.
Robert does not know how to spell 'crème brûlée'.
Robert doesn't care about getting Martha back.
Robert doesn't even know Martha exists.
Robert doesn't even know Martha's home address.
Robert doesn't have a crystal ball.
Robert doesn't have to take this.
Robert doesn't know about that beach.
Robert doesn't know the words.
Robert doesn't like the beach.
Robert doesn't need Sandra anymore.
Robert doesn't need a mask.
Robert doesn't normally get scared by horror movies.
Robert doesn't think Walid is a decent person.
Robert doesn't want to be like these morons when he grows up.
Robert doesn't want to bother Sandra again.
Robert dove into a sea of medical articles.
Robert dragged his suitcase out of the house.
Robert dressed up like a homeless person.
Robert dropped Linda back home.
Robert dropped all his belongins on the ground.
Robert dropped an entire carton of milk all over Linda's head.
Robert drove onto the highway.
Robert drove straight to the summer camp.
Robert embarrassed the heck out of me.
Robert enjoyed hanging out with Sandra.
Robert enjoyed talking with his girlfriend.
Robert entered another bank to rob it.
Robert entered the bedroom in a resentful mood.
Robert entered the room and began to scold.
Robert escaped outside as the automatic doors closed.
Robert even had a YouTube channel with Linda.
Robert even visited Alcatraz to see what it was look?
Robert explained that Martha was his cousin.
Robert explained to Martha one move after the other.
Robert explored the beaches in the area.
Robert explored the cool architecture of Algiers.
Robert failed his parents' expectations.
Robert failed to come out.
Robert faked a limp.
Robert fell flat on his face.
Robert fells so much better.
Robert felt a bit jealous.
Robert felt ashamed of himself.
Robert felt both relieved and annoyed.
Robert felt completely sidelined.
Robert felt how much it hurt to have your heart broken.
Robert felt like a living dead.
Robert felt like he was in a soap opera.
Robert felt like something in him got broken.
Robert felt proud about how many people he had helped.
Robert felt really proud of himself.
Robert felt stronger with Martha here.
Robert filled his bag with money.
Robert finished drawing the comic.
Robert fit all his clothes into the suitcase.
Robert flashed his phone in Martha's face with a picture of Walid kissing Skura.
Robert fled the scene.
Robert followed his own path.
Robert forgot all about it.
Robert forgot to wear his badge.
Robert found Martha playing her guitar in the park and she was so cute.
Robert found Sandra on social media.
Robert found Sandra sneakily using his laptop.
Robert found a big folder of photos of Sanda and Walid.
Robert found a hidden file in the corner of the screen.
Robert found a hole in the ground.
Robert found an empty table.
Robert found fish in that river.
Robert found himself on the stage.
Robert found the box in the trash.
Robert found true love.
Robert gathered the group in a circle.
Robert gave Martha a death stare.
Robert gave Sandra a good scolding.
Robert gave Sandra a surprise gift.
Robert gave Sandra an address.
Robert gave Sandra expensive gifts.
Robert gave Sandra the address of a dilapidated shack.
Robert gave his jacket to Martha.
Robert goes to the pool to watch Sandra practice.
Robert got a D again.
Robert got a part in the school play.
Robert got a small proportion of the profit.
Robert got a tattoo for Martha.
Robert got along with Sandra just as he had gotten along with Walid.
Robert got angry and stormed out.
Robert got away with all of his pranks because he was the youngest child.
Robert got distracted when he saw Sandra.
Robert got expelled for a month.
Robert got in the water to distract himself.
Robert got lost in Sandra's eyes.
Robert got moved to another place.
Robert got out to move the garbage bags.
Robert got the better of Jack in the game of chess.
Robert got transfered to a rival school.
Robert grabbed Sandra and dragged her into the hallway.
Robert grabbed the mic.
Robert grew up in an unhappy family.
Robert had a congenital heart disease.
Robert had a lab hidden in the woods.
Robert had a talent.
Robert had always dreamed of becoming a pilot.
Robert had an overactive imagination.
Robert had delicious food.
Robert had extremely long hair.
Robert had fewer teeth.
Robert had his own issues to deal with.
Robert had hundreds of compliments every day.
Robert had neither tickets, nor money.
Robert had no choice but to obey Sandra.
Robert had no money with him.
Robert had nothing to do with those hooligans.
Robert had the audacity to come to Sandra's office.
Robert had the worst argument with Martha.
Robert had to borrow Sandra's laptop.
Robert had to make Sandra jealous.
Robert had to start hanging out with the popular crowd.
Robert handed Martha a drink.
Robert handed the mic back to the teacher.
Robert happily jumped up and hugged Sandra.
Robert hardly ever does that on his tests.
Robert hardly had any luxuries.
Robert has a vast collection of books on various subjects.
Robert has a wife and children, but no father or mother.
Robert has already become a skeleton.
Robert has already reached the top of the hill.
Robert has always acted like Martha's existence bothered him.
Robert has always felt guilty for abandoning his family.
Robert has been having trouble.
Robert has been looking for Sandra everywhere.
Robert has been telling the truth.
Robert has been the thief all along.
Robert has been waiting for those words his whole life.
Robert has caught up to Sandra.
Robert has come to Martha for advice.
Robert has finished his web comic.
Robert has just been taken to the emergency room.
Robert has just come into Martha's life.
Robert has known Martha for a long time.
Robert has liked Sandra for a long time.
Robert has never been so embarrassed in his life.
Robert has never interacted with Sandra.
Robert has never stopped doing that.
Robert has not yet been late for a meeting.
Robert has to attend the show with Martha.
Robert has valliant bodyguards.
Robert hasn't actually been lying to Sandra.
Robert hasn't been in touch with Martha for a few weeks.
Robert hasn't figured out his future.
Robert hasn't had another seizure.
Robert hated getting teachers like Sandra.
Robert headed to the observatory to count the stars.
Robert headed towards the exit.
Robert heard Martha's secret.
Robert heard Sandra call the girl "Skura."
Robert heard a weird noise behind him.
Robert held Sandra's legs while begging.
Robert held on to Martha's waist.
Robert helped Martha achieve her goals.
Robert helped Martha get on track with her studies.
Robert helped Martha give birth.
Robert helped Sandra build a fire.
Robert helped Sandra down the tree.
Robert helped Sandra, too.
Robert hired a bodyguard for Sandra.
Robert hit the buzzer and answered correctly.
Robert hit the mayor.
Robert hurriedly apologized.
Robert immediately applied.
Robert immediately carried Sandra to the emergency room.
Robert immediately died.
Robert immediately noticed that something was wrong.
Robert immediately turned the lights off.
Robert installed the app.
Robert instantly regretted his words.
Robert interrupted our conversation.
Robert introduced Martha to the rest of his friends.
Robert invited Martha to come with him.
Robert invited Martha to one of his parties.
Robert invited Sandra to a tea party.
Robert is Brazilian. His father is Canadian.
Robert is Robert and I am me.
Robert is Sandra's destined other half.
Robert is a man who enjoys hiking in the mountains.
Robert is a man, not a boy.
Robert is a missing person.
Robert is a name commonly given to boys in the English-speaking world.
Robert is a reporter and can uncover any truth in the world.
Robert is a senior at the swimming club.
Robert is a slug, now.
Robert is a story hunter.
Robert is a very good liar.
Robert is a walking encyclopedia.
Robert is actually pretty clumsy.
Robert is an oceanographer from Woods Hole Institute.
Robert is buying the coffee, milk and fruit.
Robert is content with his present position.
Robert is focusing on his thing.
Robert is going to buy the coffee, milk and fruit.
Robert is going to have a brother soon.
Robert is gonna have a brother soon.
Robert is gonna hurt himself if he's not careful.
Robert is good at sports.
Robert is good enough to compete.
Robert is having a really hard time to remember the names of his college friends.
Robert is hiding the truth.
Robert is making cool web comics.
Robert is missing his chance.
Robert is my cousin who I haven't seen in over a year.
Robert is my uncle's name, and May is my aunt's.
Robert is not hanging out with Sandra.
Robert is not interested in girls.
Robert is not really handsome.
Robert is old enough to stay home alone.
Robert is old money.
Robert is protecting Sandra from the bullies.
Robert is shallow like all of them.
Robert is still fit enough to run marathons.
Robert is still in front of Sandra.
Robert is studying biology at the university.
Robert is studying hard for his upcoming exam.
Robert is such a crybaby.
Robert is the fifth wheel on the safety committee.
Robert is the guy Sandra likes.
Robert is thinking about his upcoming exam.
Robert isn't allowed to play with those children.
Robert jumped high.
Robert jumped on the table.
Robert just didn't have it in him to be jealous.
Robert just kept going.
Robert just saw Sandra as a Barbie doll to decorate his castle.
Robert kept begging for forgiveness.
Robert kept his distance.
Robert kept moving forward.
Robert kept running and arrived in the forest.
Robert kicked Sandra out of his life.
Robert kicked everyone out of the party.
Robert kissed Sandra when no one was looking.
Robert knew about Martha's affair.
Robert knew he would find his purpose some day.
Robert knew that Sandra was spying on him.
Robert knows Sandra doesn't really like him.
Robert knows every Enlightenment era artist like the back of his hand.
Robert knows how to deal with mean jerks.
Robert knows when Martha is lying.
Robert launched a new app similar to Sandra's.
Robert lavished Sandra wish attention and forgot all about her brother.
Robert lay on the bed.
Robert leaned against the door and cried.
Robert leant on Sandra's shoulder, crying until he passed out from fatigue.
Robert learned of Sandra's attention to find a boyfriend.
Robert learnt to code.
Robert learnt to talk and walk in front of our eyes.
Robert led a very simple and solitary lifestyle.
Robert left Martha in tears.
Robert left Martha in the clearing.
Robert left an hour ago.
Robert left the stolen truck in the forest.
Robert left to have a swim and never came back.
Robert left to sit alone.
Robert let Martha wear grey contact lenses.
Robert let Sandra do whatever she wanted.
Robert let Sandra with Skura.
Robert liked hanging out with Sandra.
Robert likes classical music.
Robert likes to chat with his boyfriend.
Robert lived in a fairly quiet neighborhood.
Robert lives in a quiet neighborhood on the outskirts of town.
Robert looked at Linda in shock.
Robert looked at Sandra with sparkling eyes.
Robert looked at Sandra, his face covered in tears.
Robert looked at the branches swaying hypnotically.
Robert looked at the laptop in stunned silence.
Robert looked cool like an anime character.
Robert looked directly at Martha's truck.
Robert looked even older.
Robert looked glum for a long time.
Robert looked like a dutiful student.
Robert looked over to see his parents smile.
Robert looked ridiculous standing there, waving his arms.
Robert looked shabby.
Robert looked so different in real life.
Robert looked ugly.
Robert looks at the tattoo every day.
Robert looks better than John.
Robert looks like a good athlete.
Robert lost his balance and fell right into the principal's office.
Robert loved Sandra, not her wallet.
Robert loves to read books in his free time.
Robert loves to sleep on his comfortable bed.
Robert made Martha's YouTube channel popular.
Robert made a difference in Martha's life.
Robert made a funny face behind the teacher's back.
Robert made a sandcastle as a last memory on that beach.
Robert made a snarky comment.
Robert made a video of Linda punching the mayor.
Robert makes mistakes like anyone else.
Robert managed to do that at four.
Robert mentors a boy.
Robert met a prison employee.
Robert might turn out like his dad some day.
Robert missed the school trip.
Robert misunderstood what Martha said.
Robert moved to town last month.
Robert mumbled Sandra's name and passed away.
Robert must always wear that shirt.
Robert must find a way out of here.
Robert must have thought Sandra was insane.
Robert needed an invisibility cloak.
Robert needed some time alone.
Robert needs lots of calcium in his food.
Robert needs to practice a little harder.
Robert needs to take care of something.
Robert never bought Sandra toys.
Robert never decoded the message.
Robert never hurt Martha.
Robert never left his home.
Robert never let Sandra dress the way she wanted to.
Robert never offered anything in return.
Robert no longer enjoyed the things he used to love.
Robert noticed Sandra sitting with Walid and got jealous.
Robert noticed dozens of police cars following the blue car.
Robert noticed there was no fish there.
Robert nudged Sandra towards Walid.
Robert obtained parole.
Robert obviously thought that was even stranger.
Robert occasionally visits me.
Robert often got tired.
Robert once said Sandra was not bad.
Robert only brings sadness.
Robert only stayed alive for a few days.
Robert organized a beach trip to bring Walid and Sandra together.
Robert owed me an explanation and I was going to get it.
Robert paid the company compensation.
Robert parked his car in the garage.
Robert participated in another marathon.
Robert passed an empty classroom and heard someone singing and playing the guitar.
Robert passed out and fell to his death.
Robert performed his routine.
Robert prepared quite an obstacle course for Sandra.
Robert pretended to be a teacher.
Robert pretended to forget his things at home.
Robert pretended to leave, but actually hid in a corner.
Robert promised Martha to hang out with her.
Robert promised himself to live happily.
Robert protected Sandra like she was his own sister.
Robert pulled Martha on the stage and shoved a mic in her hand.
Robert pulled Sandra into a hug.
Robert pulled Sandra out of the apartment.
Robert pulled away from Sandra.
Robert punched the man hard and ran.
Robert pushed Martha down the hill.
Robert pushed Sandra's hand away.
Robert pushed open the door and entered.
Robert pushed that feeling aside initially.
Robert put his hand over his mouth, so surprised at what Sandra said.
Robert quickly brought Sandra to the hospital.
Robert quickly helped Sandra up.
Robert quickly left the stadium.
Robert quickly ran to the doctor to ask him about Sandra.
Robert quickly rushed to his truck.
Robert quickly sat down.
Robert quickly sprinted off down the street.
Robert quit his job in big tech.
Robert raised his hand, intending to slap Sandra.
Robert ran away from the bullies.
Robert ran away from the hospital.
Robert ran into the cave.
Robert ran into the street, calling Sandra's name.
Robert ran out of patience and demanded an explanation.
Robert ran straight ahead.
Robert ran to the nearest supermarket.
Robert ran towards his uncle.
Robert rapidly exchanged contact information with Sandra before leaving.
Robert reached the forest.
Robert read a letter from Martha.
Robert read an article about a new robbery.
Robert realized he was surrounded.
Robert realized what had actually happened.
Robert really liked Sandra, and it seemed that the feeling was mutual.
Robert really needed to talk to Martha.
Robert really should be charging for this.
Robert really wanted to win.
Robert really, really liked Sandra.
Robert recently discovered a secret.
Robert recited the moves by memory.
Robert recognized Walid as a famous rapper.
Robert refused to betray Martha.
Robert refused to give any explanations.
Robert remained a troublemaker.
Robert remembered his imaginary brother.
Robert reminded Sandra of her bad father.
Robert removed the tattoo.
Robert repeatedly hit his feet with his hands.
Robert rested his head on Martha's shoulder.
Robert returned to the lab.
Robert ridiculed Sandra, too.
Robert robbed his fourth bank.
Robert rushed downstairs.
Robert rushed to Martha's place, but she refused to see him.
Robert rushed to Sandra's door.
Robert rushed towards Sandra.
Robert rushed up to the stage.
Robert said Sandra was insufferable.
Robert said he was Sandra's brother.
Robert sat at the table next to us.
Robert sat at the table, staring at his phone.
Robert sat down next to Sandra with a smile.
Robert sat on a bench in front of the building.
Robert sat there, quietly talking to Sandra.
Robert saved the latest version of the comic.
Robert saw Martha choking.
Robert saw Sandra on a bench.
Robert saw Sandra run out of the park.
Robert saw Sandra standing in the center of a group in the hallway.
Robert saw a security guard running at him.
Robert saw what the kids were doing and chased after them.
Robert says he's still not over Martha.
Robert scribbled his phone number on Martha's guitar and kissed her on her cheek.
Robert secretly longed for living in a happy family.
Robert seemed injured.
Robert seemed mad at Sandra for some reasong.
Robert seemed to be genuinely interested in Martha.
Robert seemed to be very interested in Sandra.
Robert sent kidnappers after Sandra.
Robert sent the video to Sandra so that she would show it to her boss.
Robert shakily signed the confession.
Robert shared his letter to his ex with Martha.
Robert shaved off his beautiful hair and came to school bald.
Robert shaved off his eyebrows.
Robert shifted his focus back on the math exam.
Robert shivered slightly from the pain.
Robert shook his head and dismissed the thought.
Robert should have asked his dad instead.
Robert should have done this years ago.
Robert should just be himself.
Robert should look there first.
Robert should spend extra time at the rink.
Robert should stop trying.
Robert should totally do it.
Robert shouldn't say a word about this to anyone, least of all to Linda.
Robert shoved his head back in his book.
Robert showed Martha the decoded message.
Robert showed a bad side.
Robert showed off his talents on the ice.
Robert showed us a painting by Salvador Dali.
Robert shyly apologized on Sandra's behalf.
Robert shyly hugged his dad.
Robert sighed sadly.
Robert sighed so loudly that Sandra heard it.
Robert sighed, but agreed.
Robert simply called that bullshit and left it at that.
Robert skated across the ice like an Olympic champion.
Robert slammed the door to his room.
Robert slapped himself to wake up.
Robert slipped and grabbed the nearest thing for support.
Robert slipped past the guard.
Robert slowly walked back to the door.
Robert slowly walked back up to the door.
Robert smiled slyly.
Robert smiled triumphantly.
Robert snatched the badge from Sandra's bag.
Robert sneezed and scared his mom.
Robert snuck into Martha's hospital room.
Robert snuck out of the room so easily.
Robert sometimes walks in his sleep. He's a sleepwalker.
Robert spent a lot of time studying for his exams.
Robert spent so much time giving everyone else advice.
Robert spent the summer in Algeria.
Robert spotted Martha talking to one of the reporters.
Robert squatted in front of Sandra and took her hands.
Robert squeezed Sandra's shoulders and forced her to look straight in his eyes.
Robert stabbed Martha deeply.
Robert started collecting scoops on everyone in town.
Robert started following Linda around everywhere, but couldn't find any dirt on her.
Robert started his truck and immediately shot out of there.
Robert started picking a fight.
Robert started running like crazy.
Robert started searching under the truck.
Robert started sorting through Sandra's drawing.
Robert started throwing things at the kids to scare them away.
Robert started to climb the stairs.
Robert started to surprise Martha with gifts.
Robert started to whisper audibly.
Robert started to write something on his desk.
Robert started trashing lockers and vandalizing the walls.
Robert started unlacing his skates.
Robert started working on a web comic.
Robert stayed cooped up in his office.
Robert stayed hidden from everyone else.
Robert stayed up really late.
Robert still draws comics.
Robert still felt shabby.
Robert still got on Linda's nerves.
Robert still wasn't as famous as Martha.
Robert stinks so bad.
Robert stole again and returned to prison.
Robert stood by the fire.
Robert stopped in front of the window of Sandra's house.
Robert stopped in the woods.
Robert stopped messing with Sandra.
Robert stopped mid-sentence because everyone was staring at him in surprise.
Robert stopped pissing Sandra off.
Robert stormed up to Sandra and yelled at her.
Robert strongly said he wasn't up for discussion.
Robert suddenly appeared behind Sandra.
Robert suddenly burst out of the trees.
Robert suddenly proposed to Sandra in front of many people.
Robert suddenly received a call from an unknown number.
Robert suddenly received a call from the hospital.
Robert suddenly took Sandra's hands into his.
Robert sued the city.
Robert suffered from schizophrenia.
Robert talked Sandra into agreeing.
Robert talked to the psychologist once a week.
Robert tends to talk big.
Robert thanked Sandra profusely.
Robert thanked the person who saved Sandra.
Robert thinks Linda is a bimbo.
Robert thought Martha didn't need him anymore.
Robert thought Martha liked him, too.
Robert thought Martha looked amazing.
Robert thought Sandra was a wacko.
Robert thought Sandra was an ordinary girl from a poor family.
Robert thought Sandra was weak.
Robert thought for a moment.
Robert thought otherwise.
Robert thought that Martha had returned to Walid's apartment.
Robert told Martha about the competition.
Robert told Martha she made the right choice.
Robert told Martha that was a dumb idea.
Robert told Martha to sit in the passenger seat.
Robert told Sandra about the bet.
Robert told Sandra he was filthy rich.
Robert told Sandra to stay there.
Robert told Sandra what his doctor diagnosed.
Robert took Sandra out to play.
Robert took Sandra to a very famous restaurant.
Robert took Sandra to another planet.
Robert took Sandra to the emergency room.
Robert took a couple sips of soda.
Robert took a picture of Sandra and Walid arguing.
Robert took a picture of the four of us.
Robert took his things upstairs.
Robert took off his shirt and threw it into the puddle so that Sandra could walk over it.
Robert took out a knife from his pocket.
Robert took out his sandwich from the bag.
Robert totally lost count of how many times he had that nightmare.
Robert touched Sandra's hair and gently stoked it.
Robert touched nothing.
Robert treated Sandra like a queen.
Robert tried everything to get Martha to notice him.
Robert tried photography.
Robert tried singing, but he croaked like a frog.
Robert tried swimming under the boat.
Robert tried the chocolate cake.
Robert tried to climb over the fence.
Robert tried to escape through the cave.
Robert tried to get Linda's attention.
Robert tried to get Walid's ex to take him back.
Robert tried to leave without paying just four days ago.
Robert tried to seduce Martha, but she rejected him.
Robert tripped and stumbled forward.
Robert tripped over a rock.
Robert tripped over his own feet.
Robert tripped sometimes.
Robert turned Sandra's life into a living hell.
Robert turned around to leave, but Martha stopped him.
Robert turned around when he heard a noise.
Robert turned his head to look at Sandra.
Robert turned out to be a pretty good actor.
Robert turned out to be a tough nut to crack.
Robert turned to leave.
Robert unlocked the door slowly.
Robert used Martha in experiments.
Robert used the excuse that he was busy to avoid Sandra.
Robert used to help his father in the shop at weekends.
Robert used to help his father in the store on weekends.
Robert used your laptop.
Robert usually comes to pick Sandra up at four.
Robert visited Sandra's grave.
Robert visited an agency that helps people find jobs.
Robert visited his friend, Martha.
Robert walked towards the window cautiously.
Robert wanted Linda to find out the truth.
Robert wanted Sandra to follow in his footsteps.
Robert wanted Walid to stay away from those kids.
Robert wanted his ex back.
Robert wanted to apologize to Linda, but she kept ignoring him at the party.
Robert wanted to ask Sandra out.
Robert wanted to conquer Sandra.
Robert wanted to dig out information about his crush.
Robert wanted to leave that beach.
Robert wanted to listen to Grandpa's stories.
Robert wanted to prove the teacher wrong.
Robert wanted to scream to Dad's face.
Robert wanted to stay away from those kids.
Robert wanted to talk to Sandra the next day.
Robert wanted to talk to everyone.
Robert wanted to write a letter to his ex that night.
Robert wants to have dinner with Sandra.
Robert was a bearded, black-haired Jewish manager in the Japanese software company. He introduced me into the company. He teased me about liking to eat colourful ice cream parfaits there in Tokyo. We together liked to hike the eerie, but fascinating alleyways there. Unfortunately, he cut his job term short because he had to go back to Washington State to marry his Chinese girlfriend. I attended his wedding in Seattle. I was a bit late because I mis-estimated the time to get there driving from the BC border. Robert bought a brand-new house.
Robert was a born musician.
Robert was a fraud.
Robert was a lifesaver.
Robert was a nurse at a kids' hospital.
Robert was a really good friend of one of Sandra's ex-boyfriends.
Robert was a strange, lanky brown-haired kid in Grade 5. After the students had gone swimming and were in the dressing room, Robert would exclaim like an adult, "I have nothing to hide."
Robert was a total idiot for choosing Martha over Linda.
Robert was about to shave his hair off.
Robert was about to tell Sandra about the photos he found.
Robert was afraid to trust people.
Robert was always besieging people with requests.
Robert was always comparing Martha to her parents.
Robert was always tired after work.
Robert was an art student.
Robert was annoyingly good-looking.
Robert was arrested by the police in a hotel room.
Robert was at a huge concert.
Robert was at the door of the ER.
Robert was at the hospital gate.
Robert was born in the month of May.
Robert was born with a lot of expectations.
Robert was breathing quite heavily.
Robert was bringing his science project downstairs.
Robert was bringing up Martha alone.
Robert was buried properly.
Robert was chewing chewing-gum and blowing bubbles bigger than his brain.
Robert was clearly startled.
Robert was closely watching everyone who was entering and leaving.
Robert was clumsy and good for nothing.
Robert was completely freaked out.
Robert was considering skipping the class.
Robert was cool, talented, and strong.
Robert was determined to crush his rivals.
Robert was different from his parents.
Robert was doing twirls.
Robert was done for.
Robert was done with being lied to.
Robert was driving Sandra nuts, but that was just the tip of the iceberg.
Robert was dumbfounded for a long time.
Robert was eating so much.
Robert was even more unpleasant now.
Robert was even more worried.
Robert was extremely embarrassed.
Robert was fiddling with his videocamera.
Robert was finally on the right path.
Robert was followed shortly by Martha.
Robert was full of energy and positivity.
Robert was gay and Sandra suspected it very strongly.
Robert was getting seriously nervous.
Robert was going to solve the problem.
Robert was going to teach Sandra a lesson.
Robert was helping Martha figure out her future.
Robert was helping his mom with something.
Robert was just a figment of Sandra's imagination.
Robert was just a minion for Sandra's strict dad.
Robert was just doodling.
Robert was just not good.
Robert was kept inside the palace.
Robert was kidnapped when he was only four.
Robert was laughing at Sandra's joke.
Robert was like Sandra's conscience.
Robert was looking at Sandra like a superheroine.
Robert was looking at Sandra with a smile.
Robert was looking for the camp director.
Robert was losing it.
Robert was lost for words.
Robert was loving everything about it.
Robert was mad at Martha for putting him into that mess.
Robert was messing around at the supermarket.
Robert was motivating Martha.
Robert was neighbors with a musician.
Robert was never treated that way.
Robert was obsessed by the thought of love.
Robert was often unreasonably jealous.
Robert was on a phone call.
Robert was on the other side of the hill.
Robert was one of the first programmers at our company.
Robert was over the moon that Sandra failed.
Robert was peacefully sleeping in the bedroom.
Robert was performing on the big stage.
Robert was playing the violin under the stars.
Robert was reading a script.
Robert was real.
Robert was really happy during the summer of that year.
Robert was really young when this happened.
Robert was sad for a long time after Sandra disappeared.
Robert was shocked to see Linda.
Robert was shocked to see that his entire yard was surrounded by reporters.
Robert was sipping his coffee.
Robert was snoring on the couch.
Robert was so annoying.
Robert was so busy he had to turn down an invitation to play golf.
Robert was so embarrassed.
Robert was so good at hiding that sometimes we spent an hour looking for him.
Robert was so happy that Sandra is being a good influence on Walid.
Robert was so relieved to see his friends that he almost cried.
Robert was sorry for making Sandra's parents worried.
Robert was specifically chosen because of his illness.
Robert was spending his time at that summer camp.
Robert was strictly kept inside the palace.
Robert was stripped of his title.
Robert was stunned by Sandra's confession.
Robert was stunned to find Martha there.
Robert was suddenly woken up.
Robert was sure that Sandra had been hired by his mom.
Robert was sure that Sandra would lose.
Robert was swimming in money.
Robert was taking notes about what was going on.
Robert was terrorizing the school topper and made him do his homework.
Robert was the founder of the website.
Robert was the king of the jungle. Sandra was the queen.
Robert was the most handsome man Sandra had ever seen.
Robert was the one acting like a jerk.
Robert was the one who betrayed Sandra.
Robert was the only friend who would listen to Sandra's rant.
Robert was the only one to celebrate Sandra's birthday with her.
Robert was the owner of a large technology corporation.
Robert was thoroughly on edge.
Robert was tired of being second best to Martha.
Robert was too busy checking on his mother.
Robert was trying to build a campfire.
Robert was trying to get back with Martha.
Robert was trying to seduce someone.
Robert was utterly shocked.
Robert was vandalizing the property.
Robert was very spoilt and moody.
Robert was waiting for the lights to be turned on.
Robert was watching Sandra, not you.
Robert was woken very startlingly by a loud noise.
Robert washed Martha's bathroom.
Robert wasn't about to give up.
Robert wasn't any closer to getting his ex back.
Robert wasn't as smart as Sandra thought he was.
Robert wasn't exactly doing the best job that day.
Robert wasn't impressed by the homemade toys.
Robert wasn't in his office.
Robert wasn't in the mood to eat.
Robert wasn't playing fair either.
Robert wasn't wearing a badge.
Robert watched Martha get in the water.
Robert watched his friends have fun.
Robert went back to where the guy was sitting.
Robert went crashing into the backdrop.
Robert went four years without a seizure.
Robert went through medical checkups.
Robert went to Dad's study again.
Robert went to a beautiful secluded beach.
Robert went to a gallery.
Robert went to another bank.
Robert went to another district.
Robert went to brush his teeth.
Robert went to school a few days later.
Robert went to see the ducks that lived in the park.
Robert went to the cafe where Sandra worked.
Robert went to the hospital this afternoon to get the results of the medical examination.
Robert went to the hotel where Martha was staying.
Robert went to the restaurant Martha recommended.
Robert will also be a great skater some day.
Robert will be able to afford pizza this weekend.
Robert will be babysitting Sandra.
Robert will be living with us now.
Robert will be out of here.
Robert will be so much more popular.
Robert will die next.
Robert will die of old age.
Robert will get better soon.
Robert will go back to the swimming pool.
Robert will have dinner with Sandra.
Robert will help Martha, too.
Robert will make time for Sandra.
Robert will never be Walid.
Robert will never get out of prison again.
Robert will never go back to work.
Robert will shave his hair off.
Robert will soon go back to prison.
Robert will sue you all for stealing his idea.
Robert will tell his parents everything.
Robert will tell the police.
Robert wiped his mouth.
Robert wished he was a normal person.
Robert woke up on the beach.
Robert won many marathons.
Robert won the contest.
Robert won't tell anyone his real name.
Robert worked very hard for that.
Robert worked very hard on that.
Robert works at the nearby heart hospital.
Robert works for a company that makes electric cars.
Robert would die of boredom if he did that.
Robert would freeze to death out there.
Robert would ground Martha for life if she does this.
Robert would help his father in the shop at weekends.
Robert wouldn't let Walid push him around.
Robert! Someone help him!
Robert's answer made Sandra's blood boil.
Robert's bare feet stepped on the cold snow.
Robert's breathing slowed, then stopped.
Robert's camera stopped working in the middle.
Robert's car was still meowing insanely.
Robert's confession made Sandra extremely upset.
Robert's dad has been arrested.
Robert's dad is the most wanted mafia boss in the world.
Robert's dad left his mom after he was born.
Robert's day was off.
Robert's determination to succeed has led him to accomplish great things.
Robert's dog was also dead.
Robert's dog would practically kill for him if he would let him.
Robert's eyes brightened when he saw Sandra.
Robert's eyes fell in his watch.
Robert's eyes grew creepily wide.
Robert's eyes watered as he looked at Sandra.
Robert's face looked worried.
Robert's first class was art history.
Robert's foot got caught in the carpet.
Robert's future seemed both uncertain and scary.
Robert's hands were so warm.
Robert's head started hurting badly and he passed out.
Robert's head started itching like crazy.
Robert's health deteriorated day by day.
Robert's house was dark.
Robert's kidnapper hasn't been caught.
Robert's kidnappers caught up with him.
Robert's love only came from gratitude.
Robert's main job is stealing cars.
Robert's medal looks pretty cool.
Robert's message appeared.
Robert's mom left, leaving him alone with his abusive father.
Robert's mood after he cried was better.
Robert's mouth was a bit smelly.
Robert's neighborhood unfortunately was not in the best part of town.
Robert's old cat was a kind of drama king, but we all loved him.
Robert's parents didn't push him anymore.
Robert's parents thought they'd never have kids.
Robert's parents tried to involve Martha in every sport imaginable.
Robert's parents were the only ones who didn't come because they were too busy.
Robert's popularity was through the roof and he loved the attention.
Robert's reaction pleasantly surprised Sandra.
Robert's relationship with Sandra did not remotely resemble his relationship with Skura.
Robert's sister wasn't there anymore.
Robert's skating tournament is tomorrow.
Robert's stomach made a few rumbling sounds.
Robert's tumor is benign.
Robert's victory brought him some fame.
Robert's vision was getting blurry.
Robert's whole life revolved around marathons.
Robert, if you were real, I'd hug you.
Roberta Gambarini and Hank Jones first performed together at the 2001 Lionel Hampton Jazz Festival. Their perfect musical pairing led to concert tours around the world, and eventually into the studio to record an album Gambarini described as "a dream come true."
Roberto and Nacho found some treasure in the ancient caverns.
Roberto is a Brazilian name.
Roberto meets Jun on the streets of the city and from then on a strange symbiosis between the two begins.
Roberts has authored more than 40 books on subjects like organic farming, urban agriculture, herbs and 'superfoods.'
Robertson said, since the land on those few large farms has been parceled out into tens of thousands of tobacco farms, the average grower farms about two hectares.
Robin Hood and his band of merry men live in Sherwood Forest.
Robin Hood lay hidden in Sherwood Forest for one year, and in that time there gathered around him many others like himself, cast out from other folk for this cause and for that.
Robin Hood loves Marian.
Robin Hood robbed the rich.
Robin Williams was loved by all.
Robin Winkler, co-convener of the Green Party Taiwan, says the low-carbon village effort stands out against similar programs, such as those in Europe, because of a strong government role in the process.
Robin is Batman's friend.
Robin is really adorable when he sleeps.
Robin looks very cute when he's sleeping.
Robin looks very cute when he’s sleeping.
Robin nerved himself for yet another tussle.
Robin whistled as he trudged along, thinking of Maid Marian and her bright eyes, for at such times a youth's thoughts are wont to turn pleasantly upon the lass that he loves the best.
Robinson Crusoe was marooned on a desert island.
Robinson considers nature a mere object of scientific study to exploit for his own uses and pleasure.
Robinson is a practical, rational and brave man.
Robonaut 2 was developed jointly by NASA and General Motors. Its hands are human-like, so they can grip items as human hands do. That is important because the components that need to be serviced in space — and the tools to service them — were developed with human hands in mind.
Robot technology advanced to the point where biological, organic parts became essential components.
Robot voices are really creepy to me.
Robots are becoming commonplace in many areas of society — from manufacturing to medicine to our homes. Now, a robot has taken to the stage, in a British play called "Spillikin." A humanoid robot plays the male companion of a woman with Alzheimer's disease.
Robots are exploring the surface of Mars.
Robots are great in the workplace, because they don't need toilet or meal breaks, don't get sick or come to work with a hangover.
Robots are smarter than humans anyway.
Robots are used to manufacture cars.
Robots can get confused sometimes.
Robots can withstand dangerous conditions.
Robots have taken over many mundane tasks in our world, from heavy industry to sorting merchandise to bomb disposal.
Robots have taken the place of men in this factory.
Robots just do things, they don't think at all.
Robots just do things, they don’t think at all.
Robots performing tasks according to a predetermined set of instructions are nothing new. But robots capable of learning how to do something by watching videos are a completely different approach, pursued by a group of researchers at the University of Maryland.
Robots shouldn't need roborants.
Robots shouldn’t need roborants.
Robots will become more common in the future.
Robson has a secret.
Robson's proposal is tantamount to defending terrorists because they have a cause.
Robson’s proposal is tantamount to defending terrorists because they have a cause.
Robustiana eats so greedily that two or three minutes after starting to devour her food she always gets hiccups.
Roche stops drug supplies to debt-ridden Greek hospitals.
Rochel goes to my shul.
Rochel is a Lithuanian Jew.
Rochel is a Litvak.
Rochel lives off of rice and legumes.
Rochel punched Boris Johnson in the face.
Rochel punched Nigel Farage in the face.
Rochel recorded a PSA about the tripledemic.
Rocinante is a work horse.
Rock Paper Scissors was used to decide who would be in charge.
Rock Steady Boxing (RSB) was designed especially for people with Parkinson's, a neurodegenerative disorder that leads to tremors and balance problems.
Rock and roll is dead.
Rock and roll is my life.
Rock and roll was a creation of the young generation.
Rock and roll will never die.
Rock appeals to young men and women.
Rock breaks scissors. Scissors cut paper. Paper smothers rock.
Rock climbing is a lot of fun.
Rock climbing without proper equipment is dangerous.
Rock crystal is quartz in its purest form.
Rock fishing without wearing a life jacket can be very dangerous.
Rock gardens are interesting.
Rock her to sleep.
Rock him to sleep.
Rock is alive in the sense that jazz is still alive, and dead in the sense that jazz is dead.
Rock is the most self-obsessed genre.
Rock is the most self-obsessed music genre.
Rock is the music of the young.
Rock me to sleep.
Rock music is the best-selling kind of music for vinyl records.
Rock music was playing in the gym.
Rock on!
Rock singers were crazy back then.
Rock the baby to sleep.
Rock, paper, scissors.
Rockefeller was governor of New York.
Rocket technology improved during World War Two.
Rockets launch with incredible speed to break through Earth's atmosphere.
Rocks and ice are not good for plants.
Rocks and minerals are useful for us in many ways.
Rocks are beautifully arranged in the Japanese-style garden.
Rocks can't react to stimuli.
Rocks get their color from minerals.
Rocks started flying up and hitting Yanni's windshield.
Rocks take time to decompose, especially quartz and feldspar.
Rocks were thrown at Jonas's window.
Rocky Balboa steps into the ring for the last time.
Rocky coasts of BC often have plenty of starfish, many purple.
Rocky sure is a good dog.
Rocío is improving her Turkish.
Rocío knows 16 different languages.
Rod lives across the street from John.
Rodenbeck believes that the abolishment of these laws would be a sign of real change.
Rodents scurry on the floor in fear.
Rodrigo Amarante de Castro Neves wrote the theme song for the series called Narcos.
Rodrigo Roa Duterte is a good person who wanted always the best for his country, the Philippines.
Rodrigo accidentally toppled the jar over.
Rodrigo activated the sensor.
Rodrigo actually deserves that.
Rodrigo admired Rima’s body.
Rodrigo advanced to level four.
Rodrigo agreed to let Rima take his place.
Rodrigo almost got caught by one of the guards.
Rodrigo also heard those weird noises.
Rodrigo always had a key on him.
Rodrigo always seeks validation from his parents, striving to meet their expectations and gain their approval.
Rodrigo and Melissa chatted briefly.
Rodrigo and Rima began to kiss.
Rodrigo and Rima committed suicide together.
Rodrigo and Rima discussed the matter again.
Rodrigo and Rima escaped together.
Rodrigo and Rima fell to the floor in a hug.
Rodrigo and Rima held hands.
Rodrigo and Rima made a toast for Walid.
Rodrigo and Rima made out in the kitchen.
Rodrigo and Rima parted ways.
Rodrigo and Rima reached an agreement.
Rodrigo and Rima talked to each other about what they could possibly do.
Rodrigo and Rima were close.
Rodrigo and Rima were separated.
Rodrigo and Rima were watching the news together.
Rodrigo and Walid have to fight until one dies.
Rodrigo and Walid raced dangerously on that rural road.
Rodrigo and Walid rekindled their friendship.
Rodrigo and Walid worked together as mechanics in Algeria.
Rodrigo and his brothers played by the waterfall.
Rodrigo and his friends were sitting there, chatting happily.
Rodrigo and his wife didn't really eat together.
Rodrigo and his wife have their food completely separate from one another.
Rodrigo apologized, too.
Rodrigo appeared in the crowd.
Rodrigo appeared out of nowhere.
Rodrigo approached Rima and they both started making out.
Rodrigo approached the door of the house.
Rodrigo approached the door.
Rodrigo arrived at the Algerian border.
Rodrigo arrived home to his beautiful life.
Rodrigo asked Melissa what company she represented.
Rodrigo asked Rima about that door.
Rodrigo asked Rima if she killed Walid.
Rodrigo asked Rima if she was OK.
Rodrigo asked Rima to choose a torture method.
Rodrigo asked Rima to keep the knife away.
Rodrigo asked Rima to leave her car there.
Rodrigo asked Rima to leave with him.
Rodrigo asked Rima to leave.
Rodrigo asked Rima to stay away from the dog.
Rodrigo asked about what happened.
Rodrigo asked for permission to talk to Rima.
Rodrigo ate dinner really quickly.
Rodrigo attempted to hit Rima.
Rodrigo attempted to learn Berber for five years.
Rodrigo attempted to shoot Rima before she got into the car.
Rodrigo awakened in a strange dimly-lit room.
Rodrigo barely acknowledged Melissa.
Rodrigo became a danger to Melissa.
Rodrigo became a victim of cyberbullying.
Rodrigo became a victim of online bullying, facing hurtful comments and harassment on social media.
Rodrigo became sick and vomited.
Rodrigo became very sullen.
Rodrigo began attacking Rima.
Rodrigo began freaking out.
Rodrigo began having another nightmare.
Rodrigo began moving pretty quickly in Melissa's direction.
Rodrigo began researching Rima’s profile.
Rodrigo began to chant.
Rodrigo began to defend himself desperately.
Rodrigo began to describe the modifications.
Rodrigo began to scream.
Rodrigo began to sprint after us.
Rodrigo began trekking across the moors.
Rodrigo begged for forgiveness.
Rodrigo blamed all that on memory issues.
Rodrigo blinded Melissa with his high beams.
Rodrigo bought a Rolex watch.
Rodrigo bought his first electric car last year.
Rodrigo bought the ice cream.
Rodrigo broke down, crying.
Rodrigo broke free.
Rodrigo broke into Rima’s room.
Rodrigo broke the emergency glass and took the axe.
Rodrigo brought Rima to a secluded part of the building.
Rodrigo bullied everyone.
Rodrigo burst and smudged the room with his internals.
Rodrigo calls often to check on Rima.
Rodrigo came across a zombie.
Rodrigo came at Rima.
Rodrigo came back to the hotel.
Rodrigo came face to face with the guards.
Rodrigo came to Rima’s funeral.
Rodrigo came to Rima’s rescue.
Rodrigo came to ask Rima somes questions.
Rodrigo came to confront Walid.
Rodrigo came to his senses.
Rodrigo came to identify the body.
Rodrigo came to talk to Rima.
Rodrigo came toward Rima.
Rodrigo came when dinner was ready.
Rodrigo came with his pregnant granddaughter.
Rodrigo can kill everyone in an instant.
Rodrigo can never leave the house.
Rodrigo can pay rent.
Rodrigo can pull the trigger on Rima.
Rodrigo can't remember exactly how much he paid.
Rodrigo cannot detect the sensor.
Rodrigo can’t even solve the first riddle.
Rodrigo can’t sleep here.
Rodrigo captured a centipede in a jar.
Rodrigo carefully observed the centipede's rapid movements and numerous legs.
Rodrigo carefully opened the jar's lid to set the centipede free.
Rodrigo carried Rima.
Rodrigo caught Melissa looking and him and she quickly averted her gaze.
Rodrigo caused significant damage to the tank.
Rodrigo caused the tank critical damage.
Rodrigo cautiously approached the bookshelf with a camera, hoping to catch another glimpse of the centipede.
Rodrigo cautiously made his way to the door.
Rodrigo changed into normal clothes.
Rodrigo chased the ambulance.
Rodrigo checked to see if there was a door there.
Rodrigo cheerfully thanked Melissa.
Rodrigo chose which girl to buy.
Rodrigo climbed Mount Fuji.
Rodrigo collapsed next to Rima’s body.
Rodrigo collected his last salary.
Rodrigo comforted Rima.
Rodrigo compared himself to an animal.
Rodrigo confessed was spying on Rima.
Rodrigo confirmed that the young girl was Rima.
Rodrigo considered capturing the centipede and releasing it in the forest, but he worried about accidentally injuring it in the process.
Rodrigo constantly seeks validation from his boss, always seeking recognition for his hard work.
Rodrigo constantly seeks validation from his peers, always looking for their approval and acceptance.
Rodrigo constantly seeks validation from his romantic partners, often going above and beyond to please them.
Rodrigo contemplated capturing the centipede and releasing it outside.
Rodrigo continued acting as if nothing was wrong.
Rodrigo continued driving in Rima’s place.
Rodrigo continued his journey to the clinic.
Rodrigo continued on.
Rodrigo convulsed on the floor and died.
Rodrigo cornered the centipede using a piece of cardboard.
Rodrigo could barely see anything behind him.
Rodrigo couldn't resist the urge and squeezed the pimple on his face.
Rodrigo couldn’t figure out what exactly happened.
Rodrigo couldn’t outrun Rima.
Rodrigo couldn’t save Rima.
Rodrigo couldn’t stop the cops because they had a search warrant.
Rodrigo covered Rima with a blanket.
Rodrigo covered his mouth.
Rodrigo crashed the car into a tree.
Rodrigo craves validation so much that he often changes his opinions and beliefs to match those of the people around him.
Rodrigo crawled along the ground.
Rodrigo crawled inside the room.
Rodrigo crawled out.
Rodrigo cut Melissa out of his life completely when he recovered from the accident.
Rodrigo cut his face with a scalpel.
Rodrigo decided to enter.
Rodrigo decided to give Rima a chance.
Rodrigo decided to keep the baby.
Rodrigo decided to release the centipede back into its natural habitat, away from his home.
Rodrigo decided to rest.
Rodrigo decided to risk his life.
Rodrigo decided to stop.
Rodrigo decided to volunteer.
Rodrigo decides who leaves.
Rodrigo declared he would always love Rima.
Rodrigo desperately approached a police officer and asked him for help.
Rodrigo desperately asked for help on the walkie-talkie.
Rodrigo destroyed the sensor.
Rodrigo destroyed the tank with a missile.
Rodrigo dictated the rules.
Rodrigo did a small part of the job.
Rodrigo did not have a concrete plan.
Rodrigo did not recognized Rima.
Rodrigo did nothing and left.
Rodrigo did some math.
Rodrigo did the chores.
Rodrigo didn't immediately see Melissa.
Rodrigo didn't order any food.
Rodrigo didn't really think much about it.
Rodrigo didn't really want to talk about marriage.
Rodrigo didn’t answer the question.
Rodrigo didn’t find food.
Rodrigo didn’t get enough money.
Rodrigo didn’t keep an eye on Rima.
Rodrigo didn’t notice the zombie.
Rodrigo didn’t offer much.
Rodrigo didn’t pay Rima any special attention.
Rodrigo didn’t seem to believe Rima.
Rodrigo didn’t take the bait.
Rodrigo didn’t touch anything.
Rodrigo didn’t use the rifle.
Rodrigo didn’t wake up.
Rodrigo disappeared into the trees.
Rodrigo doesn’t cry.
Rodrigo doesn’t feel right talking about Rima.
Rodrigo doesn’t know anything about the numbers.
Rodrigo doesn’t know how to use the blur feature.
Rodrigo doesn’t know what Rima is talking about.
Rodrigo doesn’t know who hired him.
Rodrigo doesn’t mind Rima’s presence.
Rodrigo doesn’t remember his room number.
Rodrigo doesn’t think rationally.
Rodrigo doesn’t understand what Rima was doing there in the middle of the night.
Rodrigo doesn’t want to go through that mess again.
Rodrigo doesn’t want to participate.
Rodrigo dozed off after taking the drug.
Rodrigo dragged Rima back.
Rodrigo dragged Rima into the room.
Rodrigo drew the zombies’ attention to the roof.
Rodrigo drives particularly fast.
Rodrigo dropped a cigarette on Rima and watched her burn to death.
Rodrigo dropped down and everyone followed.
Rodrigo dropped one of the SD cards.
Rodrigo drove all the way to Algiers.
Rodrigo drove back.
Rodrigo drove extremely slowly.
Rodrigo drove in reverse.
Rodrigo drove the car.
Rodrigo drove to the countryside.
Rodrigo drove to the hotel to invite Rima out.
Rodrigo easily agreed.
Rodrigo easily eliminated his opponents.
Rodrigo ejected from the plane.
Rodrigo electrocuted himself.
Rodrigo eliminated Rima.
Rodrigo emptied his gun into the guy.
Rodrigo encountered bias and discriminatory behavior on the website.
Rodrigo encountered discrimination while using the website.
Rodrigo encountered prejudiced behavior on the website.
Rodrigo ended up killing someone.
Rodrigo ended up with the same score as Rima.
Rodrigo endured a barrage of hateful messages and derogatory slurs online.
Rodrigo enjoyed the show.
Rodrigo enlisted Rima’s help.
Rodrigo entered Rima’s room.
Rodrigo entered and locked the door behind himself.
Rodrigo entered and the door closed behind him.
Rodrigo entered the building.
Rodrigo entered the room.
Rodrigo escaped and headed upstairs.
Rodrigo escaped away in a car.
Rodrigo escaped several prisons.
Rodrigo escaped the area.
Rodrigo escaped to the roof.
Rodrigo examined the pus that oozed out after he squeezed the pimple.
Rodrigo excitedly voted for Rima.
Rodrigo experienced bias and unfair treatment on the website.
Rodrigo experienced discrimination when his account was suspended without a valid reason.
Rodrigo experienced online bullying from anonymous users.
Rodrigo experienced unfair treatment and prejudice on the online platform.
Rodrigo explained that correctly.
Rodrigo explained that pretty quickly.
Rodrigo explained to Rima his duty as a rescuer.
Rodrigo explained to Rima that he didn’t want to fire her.
Rodrigo expressed his desire to have intercourse.
Rodrigo faced a wave of cyberbullying that affected his emotional well-being.
Rodrigo faced discriminatory comments and insults from other users on the website.
Rodrigo faced discriminatory treatment on the website.
Rodrigo faced disproportionate consequences for minor infractions compared to other users on the website.
Rodrigo faced online bullying across multiple platforms, making it difficult for him to escape the harassment.
Rodrigo faced prejudice and discrimination on the online platform.
Rodrigo faced trauma as a kid.
Rodrigo fell asleep again.
Rodrigo fell in love with Rima and married her.
Rodrigo fell on the floor.
Rodrigo fell to the ground.
Rodrigo felt a mix of fascination and slight unease towards spiders.
Rodrigo felt a mix of satisfaction and discomfort as he squeezed the inflamed pimple on his chin.
Rodrigo felt a sense of relief as he squeezed the pimple and saw the pus come out.
Rodrigo felt a sharp pain as he squeezed the pimple too forcefully.
Rodrigo felt accomplished as he captured the rare butterfly.
Rodrigo felt extremely safe in that neighborhood.
Rodrigo felt isolated and anxious due to the relentless online bullying he encountered.
Rodrigo felt like he could literally die of boredom.
Rodrigo felt like he was totally in his element.
Rodrigo felt relief.
Rodrigo felt relieved.
Rodrigo felt the same.
Rodrigo felt uncomfortable.
Rodrigo fetched a glass jar to trap the centipede.
Rodrigo figured it out.
Rodrigo finally brought the subject up to Melissa.
Rodrigo finally went to the police.
Rodrigo finally woke up.
Rodrigo finished last.
Rodrigo finished the fourth lap.
Rodrigo firmly grabbed Melissa's wrist.
Rodrigo fled before someone could find him.
Rodrigo followed Rima to the house.
Rodrigo followed the high school’s strict protocol.
Rodrigo followed the sound.
Rodrigo forced Rima to come, too.
Rodrigo forced Rima to eat Walid’s flesh.
Rodrigo formulated a plan.
Rodrigo fought that man to help Walid.
Rodrigo found Rima alive in a body bag.
Rodrigo found Rima captured.
Rodrigo found Rima in the quarantine facility.
Rodrigo found Rima wearing clean clothes.
Rodrigo found Rima’s cell.
Rodrigo found Rima’s face right in front of him.
Rodrigo found Rima’s ghost in the bathroom.
Rodrigo found a naked woman strapped to a bed.
Rodrigo found a new way.
Rodrigo found a pile of bodies there.
Rodrigo found a suitable spot in the woods to release the centipede.
Rodrigo found a zombie there.
Rodrigo found an envelope with all his SD cards.
Rodrigo found out about Rima’s infection.
Rodrigo found the GPS tracker in his trunk.
Rodrigo froze in surprise upon spotting the centipede crawling across the floor.
Rodrigo gave Rima a special gift.
Rodrigo gave Rima a tissue.
Rodrigo gave Rima a tour of the place.
Rodrigo gave Rima his rifle.
Rodrigo gave Rima some type of drug.
Rodrigo got Rima back.
Rodrigo got Rima’s confession.
Rodrigo got ahead.
Rodrigo got attacked by a zombie.
Rodrigo got attacked by a zombified Rima.
Rodrigo got back inside.
Rodrigo got back to the shop.
Rodrigo got chased by the zombies.
Rodrigo got closer to Rima.
Rodrigo got emotional as he hugged Rima.
Rodrigo got emotional.
Rodrigo got his German Shepherd out.
Rodrigo got infected.
Rodrigo got inside immediately.
Rodrigo got interrupted.
Rodrigo got medical supplies.
Rodrigo got more and more aggressive.
Rodrigo got nervous.
Rodrigo got quickly bored.
Rodrigo got quite a lot of loquats for a really cheap price.
Rodrigo got the loquats he wanted.
Rodrigo got the supplies himself.
Rodrigo got the virus from Rima.
Rodrigo got to his yard.
Rodrigo got violent again.
Rodrigo grabbed Rima by the throat.
Rodrigo grabbed Rima’s arm.
Rodrigo grabbed Rima’s face and burnt it.
Rodrigo guided Rima to the room.
Rodrigo hacked the creature with an axe.
Rodrigo had a bite mark.
Rodrigo had a fireman’s axe.
Rodrigo had a little bit of exposure to Berber.
Rodrigo had a skinny frame.
Rodrigo had a touch lamp on his nightstand.
Rodrigo had bloody legs.
Rodrigo had certain zombie instincts.
Rodrigo had difficulty finding the screw because of his near-sightedness.
Rodrigo had information about Rima’s family.
Rodrigo had the feeling that someone was out there, following him.
Rodrigo had to get away from the truck.
Rodrigo handed Rima a travel bag.
Rodrigo hardly slept a wink that night.
Rodrigo has Asperger’s but isn’t dysfunctional.
Rodrigo has a bird tattoo on his arm.
Rodrigo has a fully-grown beard.
Rodrigo has a new car.
Rodrigo has a passive-aggressive girlfriend.
Rodrigo has a pulse.
Rodrigo has another room to investigate.
Rodrigo has awakened.
Rodrigo has been dreaming again.
Rodrigo has been hiding a sinister project.
Rodrigo has been hunting that creature.
Rodrigo has been spying on Rima.
Rodrigo has been watching the house.
Rodrigo has been working on a secret project.
Rodrigo has blood all over his face.
Rodrigo has died a long time ago in an accident.
Rodrigo has fallen asleep.
Rodrigo has no control over the situation.
Rodrigo has nothing.
Rodrigo has noticed some things may have been moved.
Rodrigo has recently relapsed on drugs.
Rodrigo has the symptoms.
Rodrigo headed into the room.
Rodrigo heard Rima laughing down there.
Rodrigo heard Rima wailing.
Rodrigo heard Rima’s screams.
Rodrigo heard a bang on the door.
Rodrigo heard a clanging noise.
Rodrigo heard a gunshot and called the police.
Rodrigo heard a phone ring and followed it to its source.
Rodrigo heard a weird rumbling sound.
Rodrigo heard another woman screaming.
Rodrigo heard glass shatter at the front entrance.
Rodrigo heard voices.
Rodrigo held Rima back.
Rodrigo held Rima in his arms to console her.
Rodrigo helped Rima calm down.
Rodrigo helped Rima fight off the guard.
Rodrigo helped Rima load her luggage in a boot.
Rodrigo helps his followers learn Berber with his stories.
Rodrigo hid Rima’s body.
Rodrigo hid the gun under the pillow.
Rodrigo hides his backups in this room.
Rodrigo hit the floor unconscious.
Rodrigo hurriedly finished his cigarette and went inside.
Rodrigo hurriedly followed the centipede into the bedroom, eager to keep track of its path.
Rodrigo ignored Rima’s statements.
Rodrigo imitated Walid’s speech and mannerisms.
Rodrigo immediately asserted his dominance in the cell.
Rodrigo immediately bonded with Rima.
Rodrigo immediately noticed Rima was new.
Rodrigo immediately pulled the bag closer to him.
Rodrigo immediately set Rima free from the restraints.
Rodrigo injected the antibody to Rima.
Rodrigo insisted on helping Rima.
Rodrigo insisted that he was fine.
Rodrigo instructed Rima to get dressed.
Rodrigo intended to capture Rima.
Rodrigo interrupted Rima’s lecture.
Rodrigo invited Rima to join with Walid.
Rodrigo invited Rima to sit with him and chat.
Rodrigo is a bald man.
Rodrigo is a clinical psychopath.
Rodrigo is a danger.
Rodrigo is a paid worker.
Rodrigo is a store manager.
Rodrigo is a victim of Walid’s hazing.
Rodrigo is an Algerian YouTuber.
Rodrigo is an Algerian actor.
Rodrigo is an Algerian pop star.
Rodrigo is an employee from the Algerian embassy.
Rodrigo is at the hospital in Algiers.
Rodrigo is calm now.
Rodrigo is definitely a workaholic.
Rodrigo is doing pretty well.
Rodrigo is healing well.
Rodrigo is healthy enough to be discharged.
Rodrigo is here for tattoo removal.
Rodrigo is holding up traffic.
Rodrigo is in the basement of his mother’s house.
Rodrigo is in the same situation as Rima.
Rodrigo is infected.
Rodrigo is just fine.
Rodrigo is more desperate.
Rodrigo is more popular than Rima.
Rodrigo is no longer fit to be a father to his daughter.
Rodrigo is no longer fit to be a father.
Rodrigo is no longer prisoner there.
Rodrigo is not feeling well.
Rodrigo is not racing tomorrow.
Rodrigo is now a teenager.
Rodrigo is only a manga artist.
Rodrigo is out of the pool.
Rodrigo is picking up new Berber vocabulary.
Rodrigo is socially awkward.
Rodrigo is still coping with the loss of his child.
Rodrigo is still hiding.
Rodrigo is still highly functional.
Rodrigo is still sad.
Rodrigo is the best manga artist ever.
Rodrigo is the designer.
Rodrigo is the murderer with the bird tattoo.
Rodrigo is the next contestant.
Rodrigo is the one Rima is after.
Rodrigo is the operation’s mastermind.
Rodrigo is unintelligible in Berber pronunciation.
Rodrigo joined a group of uninfected people.
Rodrigo jumped off the car.
Rodrigo just kept standing there, completely ignoring Melissa.
Rodrigo just loves stories.
Rodrigo just stood there like an idiot.
Rodrigo kept Rima company.
Rodrigo killed almost everyone on the roof top.
Rodrigo killed the zombie with an axe.
Rodrigo kissed Rima again.
Rodrigo kissed that woman before coming inside.
Rodrigo kissed the top of Rima’s head.
Rodrigo knew Melissa had a house key on her.
Rodrigo knew Rima was infected.
Rodrigo knew Rima’s secret.
Rodrigo knew that room was trapped.
Rodrigo knocked Rima unconscious.
Rodrigo knocked the guard unconscious.
Rodrigo knows he has to overcome his fears.
Rodrigo knows where the time machine is.
Rodrigo led Rima to her death room.
Rodrigo led Rima to the room.
Rodrigo led Rima to the safe zone.
Rodrigo left Rima alive.
Rodrigo left Rima behind.
Rodrigo left Rima standing in darkness.
Rodrigo left Rima there and ran for his life.
Rodrigo left everyone behind.
Rodrigo left the apartment.
Rodrigo left the car in the workshop.
Rodrigo left the chair.
Rodrigo left the infected zone with a fake ID.
Rodrigo left the pistol with Rima.
Rodrigo left without buying anything.
Rodrigo let Rima go.
Rodrigo let Rima he was infected as well.
Rodrigo let go of Rima’s hand.
Rodrigo liked Rima even though she was underage.
Rodrigo liked Rima for her body.
Rodrigo liked the taste of blood.
Rodrigo lit a flare and burnt Rima.
Rodrigo lit the house on fire.
Rodrigo lived a long and healthy life.
Rodrigo lived in a really nice area.
Rodrigo lived in a very small town in the north of Algeria.
Rodrigo lived in the ugliest house in town.
Rodrigo lives in a really upscale neighborhood in Algiers.
Rodrigo loaded up on ammo and left.
Rodrigo locked the doors and went to sleep.
Rodrigo looked at Rima in horror and disbelief.
Rodrigo looked at the numbers.
Rodrigo looked defeated.
Rodrigo lost a daughter so long ago.
Rodrigo lost his balance.
Rodrigo loves death and violence.
Rodrigo made Rima look like a model.
Rodrigo made a sound.
Rodrigo made his way out of the loquat orchard.
Rodrigo made sure Rima was OK.
Rodrigo made the remark in passing that he never saw Melissa eat that day.
Rodrigo made up a lie about why he didn’t answer his phone.
Rodrigo made up his mind to release the centipede back into its natural habitat.
Rodrigo managed to get back on track.
Rodrigo managed to get into the car.
Rodrigo managed to kill all the zombies.
Rodrigo managed to push the zombie out of the car.
Rodrigo managed to reunite with the other escapees.
Rodrigo managed to shoot the zombie in the head.
Rodrigo marveled at the centipede's agility and swift movements.
Rodrigo marveled at the centipede's numerous legs, which moved in perfect synchronization.
Rodrigo met Rima at a grocery store.
Rodrigo met his demise.
Rodrigo must be left behind.
Rodrigo must complete the task.
Rodrigo must die.
Rodrigo needed consolation.
Rodrigo needed to lock the door manually.
Rodrigo needs help from Rima.
Rodrigo needs to die.
Rodrigo needs to do a better job.
Rodrigo needs to do some math.
Rodrigo needs to evacuate Rima.
Rodrigo needs to get to the bottom.
Rodrigo needs to know what Rima is doing.
Rodrigo needs to perform his duty as a rescuer.
Rodrigo nervously sat on the bed.
Rodrigo never looked directly at Melissa.
Rodrigo nodded knowingly.
Rodrigo nonchalantly walked into the office.
Rodrigo noticed Melissa's car was no longer in the driveway.
Rodrigo noticed Rima and Walid’s proximity.
Rodrigo noticed Rima’s eyes getting darker.
Rodrigo noticed a naked man on the ground.
Rodrigo noticed something unusual taking place in Rima’s room.
Rodrigo noticed that Rima’s body had gone.
Rodrigo noticed the dark figures.
Rodrigo notified Rima that Walid was having issues.
Rodrigo observed the centipede exploring its new surroundings in the grass.
Rodrigo observed the centipede's attempts to escape the jar.
Rodrigo offered to be the first one to dive.
Rodrigo offered to take care of Rima.
Rodrigo only needs one more victory.
Rodrigo opened a vault-like door.
Rodrigo opened fire at his pursuers.
Rodrigo opened his gift.
Rodrigo opened the box and saw the severed heads.
Rodrigo opened the car door.
Rodrigo opened the refrigerator and quickly grabbed what he wanted.
Rodrigo opened the window and sunlight shined in.
Rodrigo ordered Rima to release Walid.
Rodrigo ordered Rima to stop.
Rodrigo ordered the guard to take Rima to the basement to be punished.
Rodrigo parked his truck in the driveway mostly.
Rodrigo participated in the race.
Rodrigo passed by Rima.
Rodrigo passed out.
Rodrigo performed a C-section on Rima.
Rodrigo picked his own loquats.
Rodrigo picked the loquats he wanted.
Rodrigo picked up Rima’s fallen gun.
Rodrigo pinned Rima to a wall.
Rodrigo pointed a gun at the hesitating soldier.
Rodrigo pointed a gun towards Rima.
Rodrigo politely refused.
Rodrigo prepared a bomb.
Rodrigo presented himself as a doctor.
Rodrigo pretended to be in a deep sleep.
Rodrigo pretended to sleep.
Rodrigo proceeded to beat Rima up.
Rodrigo pulled Rima closer.
Rodrigo pulled a gun.
Rodrigo pulled the rope.
Rodrigo pushed Rima’s car off the track.
Rodrigo pushed the detonator, expecting the tank to explode.
Rodrigo put Rima to sleep.
Rodrigo put a hand over Rima’s mouth, telling her to be quiet.
Rodrigo put his fingers on the blood.
Rodrigo put his hand under the pillow.
Rodrigo put the knife back inside.
Rodrigo quickly kissed Rima.
Rodrigo quickly left the office.
Rodrigo quickly lost interest.
Rodrigo quickly made up a story about why he came back.
Rodrigo quickly washed his hands after squeezing the pimple.
Rodrigo radioed his department from there.
Rodrigo ran away from his duties.
Rodrigo ran down the hall to the principal's office.
Rodrigo ran really fast.
Rodrigo ran to the kitchen.
Rodrigo ran up the five flights of stairs and rushed into his apartment.
Rodrigo ran, jumping over the gravestones as he went.
Rodrigo reached a safe room.
Rodrigo reached the connecting door leading to the morgue.
Rodrigo reached the finish line.
Rodrigo reached the supply room.
Rodrigo read the weather report for tomorrow.
Rodrigo reads stories on his podcast.
Rodrigo realized Rima was infected, too.
Rodrigo realized his death was imminent.
Rodrigo realized the situation was serious.
Rodrigo really didn't know what to do with Melissa.
Rodrigo really loves loquats.
Rodrigo recited the lines.
Rodrigo recognized Rima’s name.
Rodrigo recorded a video of the centipede's behavior for further study.
Rodrigo refused to listen to Rima any longer.
Rodrigo regularly did that in the past.
Rodrigo released the centipede, leaving it to continue its life in the woods.
Rodrigo relentlessly fired at Rima’s car.
Rodrigo remained disciplined.
Rodrigo remembers this vividly.
Rodrigo reported Rima to Mr Nani.
Rodrigo reported on the progress of the operation.
Rodrigo resorted to violence.
Rodrigo returned home after the end of his ship.
Rodrigo returned home to Algiers.
Rodrigo returned to Rima’s clinic.
Rodrigo returned to his room to sleep.
Rodrigo returned to the track.
Rodrigo reunited with Rima.
Rodrigo revealed a bite on his arm.
Rodrigo revealed he was a doctor.
Rodrigo revealed himself to the guard.
Rodrigo revealed that he was half-zombie.
Rodrigo revealed that those were sleeping pills.
Rodrigo reversed the car.
Rodrigo risks making the situation worse.
Rodrigo rode his bicycle around the graveyard.
Rodrigo rubbed his eyes quickly and looked around.
Rodrigo rushed Rima into the hospital.
Rodrigo rushed into the hospital.
Rodrigo rushed to Rima.
Rodrigo said Rima was a very special person.
Rodrigo sat on the sidewalk.
Rodrigo sat there with an emotionless face.
Rodrigo saw Melissa's annoyingly bright high beams.
Rodrigo saw Rima alone.
Rodrigo saw Rima and freaked out.
Rodrigo saw Rima bringing the body of a young girl.
Rodrigo saw Rima in the ambulance.
Rodrigo saw Rima was sick.
Rodrigo saw a blue triangle on the wall.
Rodrigo saw a five-pointed star painted on the wall.
Rodrigo saw a large group of zombies chasing after Rima.
Rodrigo saw a man eating a man.
Rodrigo saw a police car and hailed it down immediately.
Rodrigo saw a young couple walking on the beach.
Rodrigo saw a zombie feeding on a man’s internals.
Rodrigo saw everything through the security camera.
Rodrigo saw his face deformed.
Rodrigo saw monster soldiers killing everyone.
Rodrigo saw one of the zombies running.
Rodrigo saw several other men in white garb.
Rodrigo saw something quite shocking.
Rodrigo saw the prisoners escape.
Rodrigo saw the surgeon drinking coffee in the hallway.
Rodrigo screamed for Rima to stop.
Rodrigo screamed in Rima’s face.
Rodrigo screamed in agony.
Rodrigo screamed in horror.
Rodrigo searched the room.
Rodrigo sedated Rima.
Rodrigo seemed to be staring at Melissa intently.
Rodrigo sent Rima to a school for girls.
Rodrigo set a trap for Rima.
Rodrigo set the car on fire.
Rodrigo set the xenomorph on fire.
Rodrigo shot Rima with his firearm.
Rodrigo shot as many zombies as he could.
Rodrigo shot everyone.
Rodrigo shot the prime minister.
Rodrigo should be alone.
Rodrigo should consider himself lucky.
Rodrigo should go easy on his wife.
Rodrigo should have protected his family.
Rodrigo should have vaccines.
Rodrigo should not tell anyone about his friendship with Rima.
Rodrigo showed the footage to Rima.
Rodrigo showed up at Rima’s house.
Rodrigo showed up in the middle of the night.
Rodrigo showed up just in time.
Rodrigo sighed in relief.
Rodrigo slept silently inside his tent.
Rodrigo sliced his leg.
Rodrigo slid the patient into the incinerator.
Rodrigo slowly crept closer and closer.
Rodrigo smiled blissfully.
Rodrigo snuck into the loquat orchard.
Rodrigo sometimes came across as abrasive to people he didn't know.
Rodrigo sought support from trusted individuals and counseling services to cope with the effects of online bullying.
Rodrigo sounds like a pro in his emails.
Rodrigo spat on the door.
Rodrigo spent the night reflecting on his life and situation.
Rodrigo spilled oil on the road, making Rima’s car spin and crash into a tree.
Rodrigo spit blood in Rima’s face.
Rodrigo spit the pill out.
Rodrigo spoke live to his viewers.
Rodrigo spoke to Rima and touched her.
Rodrigo spotted a centipede crawling across the floor.
Rodrigo spun the wheel to choose a number.
Rodrigo squeezed the pimple gently.
Rodrigo stabbed Rima in the back with a dagger.
Rodrigo stabbed Rima in the neck.
Rodrigo stabbed Rima, too.
Rodrigo stabbed Rima’s leg.
Rodrigo started arguing with Rima over her lack of usefulness.
Rodrigo started banging his head against the wall.
Rodrigo started chasing Rima.
Rodrigo started driving like a mad man.
Rodrigo started enjoying his time at Rima’s house.
Rodrigo started his shift.
Rodrigo started opening fire.
Rodrigo started pounding helplessly on the door.
Rodrigo started raising his voice.
Rodrigo started running through the forest.
Rodrigo started running with Rima on his back.
Rodrigo started talking for the first time.
Rodrigo started to develop a crush for Rima.
Rodrigo started to feel Rima’s breasts.
Rodrigo started to hear the jackal howling.
Rodrigo started to reason with Rima.
Rodrigo stepped in.
Rodrigo still secretly watched Rima’s house.
Rodrigo stood outside, watching.
Rodrigo stopped Rima from leaving.
Rodrigo stopped Walid from hurting Rima more.
Rodrigo stopped going to work.
Rodrigo stopped the bleeding.
Rodrigo stopped the game.
Rodrigo strapped the explosive on Rima’s body.
Rodrigo stuck the syringe deep.
Rodrigo studied the Basque-Icelandic pidgin.
Rodrigo successfully extracted the antibody from the monkey.
Rodrigo suddenly appeared in front of Rima.
Rodrigo suddenly appeared.
Rodrigo suddenly became curious about Rima.
Rodrigo suffocated to death.
Rodrigo suspected something.
Rodrigo switched to Cartoon Network.
Rodrigo swung his axe at Rima viciously.
Rodrigo talked about his life.
Rodrigo tested his theory.
Rodrigo thanked the doctor for his kindness.
Rodrigo thought Rima had shot herself.
Rodrigo threatened Rima with his knife.
Rodrigo threatened the guards.
Rodrigo threatened to harm Rima.
Rodrigo threw Rima back.
Rodrigo threw stones at the homeless guy.
Rodrigo tied Rima to a chair.
Rodrigo told Rima he felt safe with her.
Rodrigo told Rima he was a werewolf.
Rodrigo told Rima that his head felt heavy.
Rodrigo told Rima that his nightmares had never been so vivid and real.
Rodrigo told Rima to give him the boots.
Rodrigo told Rima to hurry and join him.
Rodrigo told the delivery boy he had the wrong house.
Rodrigo took Rima hostage with a knife.
Rodrigo took Rima to a furnished lounge.
Rodrigo took Rima to the restricted area of the hospital.
Rodrigo took Rima’s rifle.
Rodrigo took a few grenades just in case.
Rodrigo took a walkie-talkie.
Rodrigo took his shoes off.
Rodrigo took off the mask inside the car.
Rodrigo took out his rifle and aimed at one of the zombies.
Rodrigo took out the rifle.
Rodrigo took pictures of the centipede in its natural habitat.
Rodrigo took something valuable.
Rodrigo took the centipede to the woods to release it away from any potential harm.
Rodrigo took the medicine to Rima.
Rodrigo took the vitamins.
Rodrigo treated Rima as an object.
Rodrigo treated Rima’s wounds.
Rodrigo tried the door but it was locked.
Rodrigo tried to abuse Rima.
Rodrigo tried to be quiet.
Rodrigo tried to break in, but was unsuccessful.
Rodrigo tried to call Rima on her phone.
Rodrigo tried to convince Rima to leave.
Rodrigo tried to cross the border towards Algeria.
Rodrigo tried to figure out what to do.
Rodrigo tried to get an antibody from the bat.
Rodrigo tried to imitate Walid’s mannerisms.
Rodrigo tried to intimidate Rima.
Rodrigo tried to kill Rima with an axe.
Rodrigo tried to kill the deer to end its misery.
Rodrigo tried to read the prescription.
Rodrigo tried to take advantage of the sedated girl, but was caught by a security guard.
Rodrigo tried to talk Rima down.
Rodrigo tried to wake Rima but to no avail.
Rodrigo turned around and shot.
Rodrigo turned his rage on Rima.
Rodrigo turned into a zombie himself.
Rodrigo turned on the lights.
Rodrigo turned on the music on purpose.
Rodrigo turned on the music to attract the zombies.
Rodrigo unhinged the door.
Rodrigo urged Rima to continue.
Rodrigo used his explosives in the tunnel.
Rodrigo used his textbook.
Rodrigo used the card to unscrew the door.
Rodrigo usually got there at five pm.
Rodrigo usually watched horror movies alone.
Rodrigo waited for the supplies.
Rodrigo walked away to meet Rima.
Rodrigo walked slowly over to the tent.
Rodrigo wandered across the hall.
Rodrigo wanted Rima to lose the race.
Rodrigo wanted penis enlargement surgery.
Rodrigo wanted to adopt a girl.
Rodrigo wanted to burn the place down.
Rodrigo wanted to buy a girl.
Rodrigo wanted to continue his relationship with Rima.
Rodrigo wanted to escape the institution.
Rodrigo wanted to find a way out through that room.
Rodrigo wanted to fix Rima’s heart.
Rodrigo wanted to go back to the blue room.
Rodrigo wanted to know where his wife was.
Rodrigo wanted to see the inside of the house.
Rodrigo wants fame and success.
Rodrigo wants to get more views on YouTube.
Rodrigo wants to make better thumbnails for his YouTube videos.
Rodrigo wants to make love to Rima.
Rodrigo wants to sell the rifle.
Rodrigo wants to win the next race.
Rodrigo was a bit of an asshole.
Rodrigo was a drug abuser.
Rodrigo was a macho guy.
Rodrigo was a victim of discrimination on an online platform.
Rodrigo was able to fight back.
Rodrigo was able to open the door.
Rodrigo was about to set Rima on fire.
Rodrigo was already on his way.
Rodrigo was also inside the cage.
Rodrigo was an Algerian manga artist.
Rodrigo was an extremely nice dude.
Rodrigo was apparently unconscious.
Rodrigo was applying face cream in front of the camera.
Rodrigo was approaching Rima’s house.
Rodrigo was arguing with a lady doctor.
Rodrigo was arrested for performing obscene acts.
Rodrigo was assigned to the hall.
Rodrigo was attacked by a lunatic.
Rodrigo was attacked by a werewolf.
Rodrigo was beaten to death.
Rodrigo was begging Rima to save his daughter.
Rodrigo was bitten, too.
Rodrigo was blinded by the lights.
Rodrigo was brought to Rima.
Rodrigo was brought to see the warden.
Rodrigo was brought to the uninfected zone.
Rodrigo was brought up to the exit door.
Rodrigo was burning in anger.
Rodrigo was busy with his injured leg.
Rodrigo was carrying Rima on his back.
Rodrigo was carrying his axe.
Rodrigo was casually sitting in a chair.
Rodrigo was classified as a clone.
Rodrigo was closely monitored.
Rodrigo was completely awake.
Rodrigo was completely exhausted.
Rodrigo was completely scared out of his wits.
Rodrigo was completely unaware of the zombie apocalypse.
Rodrigo was conceived and born naturally.
Rodrigo was concerned about Rima’s safety.
Rodrigo was contaminated already.
Rodrigo was contaminated.
Rodrigo was contracted to design the game.
Rodrigo was covered in blood and wounds.
Rodrigo was crawling out of the woods.
Rodrigo was cuffed to his hospital bed.
Rodrigo was cyberbullied through malicious comments and threats, leaving him feeling unsafe and vulnerable.
Rodrigo was dazed.
Rodrigo was denied access to certain features on the website based on his ethnicity.
Rodrigo was desperately calling for help on the radio.
Rodrigo was distracted.
Rodrigo was dressed in blue.
Rodrigo was empaled on the spear.
Rodrigo was entertained by Rima’s suffering.
Rodrigo was escaping for his life.
Rodrigo was evacuated from the quarantine facility.
Rodrigo was evacuated together with the doctors.
Rodrigo was eventually convicted.
Rodrigo was excited.
Rodrigo was extremely depressed.
Rodrigo was extremely grateful.
Rodrigo was extremely naive.
Rodrigo was fascinated by Melissa's German Shepherd.
Rodrigo was fascinated by the centipede's numerous legs and segmented body.
Rodrigo was followed by four men in coats.
Rodrigo was forced to leave.
Rodrigo was forced to lie again.
Rodrigo was found safe and sound.
Rodrigo was getting bandaged.
Rodrigo was getting ready for the next race.
Rodrigo was given gifts.
Rodrigo was going to school in Algeria.
Rodrigo was handcuffed.
Rodrigo was happy that his German Shepherd scared the guy away.
Rodrigo was having a seizure.
Rodrigo was having abdominal pain.
Rodrigo was holding the gun.
Rodrigo was horrified.
Rodrigo was in the abyss.
Rodrigo was in the control room.
Rodrigo was in the infected zone.
Rodrigo was in the midst of a shootout.
Rodrigo was in the safe zone.
Rodrigo was in the uninfected area.
Rodrigo was infected by the virus.
Rodrigo was institutionalized for a long time.
Rodrigo was introduced to the warden.
Rodrigo was just sitting in his truck.
Rodrigo was killed in the parking lot.
Rodrigo was legally in control of the situation.
Rodrigo was listening to the news.
Rodrigo was looking at a projected image.
Rodrigo was looking for freezer bags to put his food in.
Rodrigo was looking for his axe.
Rodrigo was looking for inspiration for his next comic.
Rodrigo was lying beside Rima.
Rodrigo was more tired.
Rodrigo was no longer inside the truck.
Rodrigo was on the fourth level of the building.
Rodrigo was pleasuring himself while looking at the camera.
Rodrigo was possessed.
Rodrigo was probably in his early forties.
Rodrigo was punished for no reason.
Rodrigo was quickly arrested.
Rodrigo was quickly overpowered.
Rodrigo was reading his surgical textbook.
Rodrigo was ready for revenge.
Rodrigo was ready to take revenge.
Rodrigo was really surprised to see deer in that area.
Rodrigo was relieved to be safe.
Rodrigo was resting in a room.
Rodrigo was running for his life.
Rodrigo was running from zombies.
Rodrigo was running through the forest.
Rodrigo was screaming again.
Rodrigo was scrolling through some of the memes his friends had sent him.
Rodrigo was searching for can food.
Rodrigo was seemingly just as confused as Rima.
Rodrigo was seething in anger.
Rodrigo was sent to an island penitentiary.
Rodrigo was separated from Rima.
Rodrigo was severely homophobic.
Rodrigo was severely injured.
Rodrigo was shown photos of his daughter, Rima.
Rodrigo was sitting by the pool, crying.
Rodrigo was sleeping in a taxi.
Rodrigo was smiling happily.
Rodrigo was so distracted by that that he didn’t hear his phone ringing.
Rodrigo was sobbing.
Rodrigo was speaking directly into Melissa's ear.
Rodrigo was standing in front of a flickering fire.
Rodrigo was standing in front of the car.
Rodrigo was standing with his German Shepherd right outside the door.
Rodrigo was standing with his back to Rima.
Rodrigo was staring at Rima’s body.
Rodrigo was staring directly at Melissa.
Rodrigo was still in tears.
Rodrigo was still parked in Melissa's driveway.
Rodrigo was strapped to a bed.
Rodrigo was stuck in the infected zone.
Rodrigo was subjected to cyberbullying, with individuals creating fake accounts to further torment him.
Rodrigo was subjected to online harassment and verbal abuse.
Rodrigo was surrounded by dead zombies.
Rodrigo was surrounded by zombies.
Rodrigo was suspicious of Rima.
Rodrigo was taken out.
Rodrigo was taken to an island penitentiary.
Rodrigo was taken to his cell.
Rodrigo was taken to safety.
Rodrigo was talking to a lady doctor.
Rodrigo was targeted by a group of online bullies who coordinated their attacks.
Rodrigo was targeted with offensive stereotypes and slurs on the website, contributing to a hostile environment.
Rodrigo was the last to get off the bus.
Rodrigo was throwing a fit.
Rodrigo was totally irresponsible.
Rodrigo was totally oblivious of the fact that Melissa lived in a rough neighborhood.
Rodrigo was trapped in the burning city.
Rodrigo was trapped.
Rodrigo was trying to break up with Rima.
Rodrigo was trying to develop a vaccine.
Rodrigo was trying to figure out what could be scaring his German Shepherd.
Rodrigo was trying to get his useless son to do any work.
Rodrigo was turning into a tissue.
Rodrigo was unable to leave.
Rodrigo was unable to read.
Rodrigo was unable to see.
Rodrigo was unable to unlock any of the doors.
Rodrigo was unaware that an intruder had gotten into his house.
Rodrigo was under an overturned bed.
Rodrigo was upset about how Rima handled the situation.
Rodrigo was walking casually around the city.
Rodrigo was watching a black-and-white movie.
Rodrigo was wearing a mask.
Rodrigo was wearing four Rolex watches on his wrist.
Rodrigo was wondering whether Rima understood him.
Rodrigo washed himself.
Rodrigo wasn't really that tired.
Rodrigo watched Rima chuckling.
Rodrigo watched TV in his apartment.
Rodrigo watched a movie titled "I am Legend."
Rodrigo watched all of that in shock.
Rodrigo watched as the centipede crawled out of the jar.
Rodrigo watched in horror.
Rodrigo watched innocent people die.
Rodrigo watched the centipede disappear into the undergrowth, feeling a mix of relief and respect for nature's intricacies.
Rodrigo watched the footage of Rima’s death.
Rodrigo welcomed Rima to the casino.
Rodrigo went after Rima.
Rodrigo went back to school in Algeria.
Rodrigo went back to the reception to ask Rima for a match.
Rodrigo went downtown.
Rodrigo went from room to room.
Rodrigo went in a straight line.
Rodrigo went off the track.
Rodrigo went to a pinata party.
Rodrigo went to check out that house.
Rodrigo went to finish his business with Rima.
Rodrigo went to get Rima.
Rodrigo went to open the door.
Rodrigo will always be known as Rima’s ex-husband.
Rodrigo will be Zorro.
Rodrigo will be given the most painful death.
Rodrigo will never see his family again.
Rodrigo will take care of Rima.
Rodrigo winced as he applied pressure to the pimple.
Rodrigo witnessed Rima’s grotesque killing.
Rodrigo witnessed a gruesome scene.
Rodrigo woke up Rima.
Rodrigo woke up in the middle of the night.
Rodrigo won the race, too.
Rodrigo wondered if the door was trapped or not.
Rodrigo wondered what happened.
Rodrigo wondered whether the centipede was harmless or posed a threat.
Rodrigo won’t find any answers here.
Rodrigo wore the mask.
Rodrigo worked under the table.
Rodrigo works for an industrial company.
Rodrigo works in the sewers.
Rodrigo would always tell stories about that house being haunted.
Rodrigo yelled for Rima to stop.
Rodrigo yelled like an animal.
Rodrigo's bus actually didn't leave until late in the afternoon.
Rodrigo's campaign promises were based on the bedrock principles of equality and justice.
Rodrigo's constant need for validation leaves him feeling empty and unsatisfied, as he fails to recognize his own worth independent of others' opinions.
Rodrigo's constant need to be a people pleaser has caused him to lose sight of his own values.
Rodrigo's contributions and opinions were consistently dismissed and devalued on the website.
Rodrigo's curiosity got the best of him, and he couldn't resist squeezing the pimple.
Rodrigo's dog barked and growled all night long.
Rodrigo's efforts to please everyone often result in him neglecting his own needs and desires.
Rodrigo's eyes were bulging wide.
Rodrigo's eyes were completely closed.
Rodrigo's family went to the dog pound to adopt a dog.
Rodrigo's fear of rejection causes him to constantly seek validation from his friends, always seeking reassurance of their loyalty.
Rodrigo's friend was a douche.
Rodrigo's friends and family were also targeted by online bullies, causing further distress and concern.
Rodrigo's friends and family witnessed the distressing effects of the online bullying on him.
Rodrigo's impatience led him to squeeze the pimple, even though he knew it could cause scarring.
Rodrigo's insecurities drive him to constantly seek validation from his family, often fishing for compliments and reassurances.
Rodrigo's mental health suffered due to the constant exposure to online bullying, leading to anxiety and depression.
Rodrigo's mental health suffered due to the constant online bullying he faced.
Rodrigo's nitwit policies are detrimental to the country's progress.
Rodrigo's online bullies resorted to personal attacks and body shaming.
Rodrigo's online bullies sought to isolate and intimidate him on the website.
Rodrigo's online bullying experience included the sharing of private and embarrassing information without his consent.
Rodrigo's online bullying ordeal involved receiving threatening messages and being constantly ridiculed.
Rodrigo's online tormentors engaged in cyberbullying tactics, such as mocking his English fluency.
Rodrigo's people-pleasing behavior has resulted in him feeling overwhelmed and burnt out.
Rodrigo's people-pleasing behavior often leads to him being taken for granted.
Rodrigo's self-esteem relies heavily on the validation he receives from his colleagues at work.
Rodrigo's social media profiles were flooded with offensive and derogatory comments.
Rodrigo's tank was hit by a missile.
Rodrigo's tendency to be a people pleaser often leads to him feeling overwhelmed and exhausted.
Rodrigo's was repeatedly attacked and mocked by other users on the website.
Rodrigo’s arms were bound.
Rodrigo’s attention was diverted.
Rodrigo’s breakfast was interrupted by Rima.
Rodrigo’s car crashed in the fourth and last stage of the race.
Rodrigo’s car crashed into another car and started tumbling.
Rodrigo’s email contains typos.
Rodrigo’s face changed.
Rodrigo’s face was burning.
Rodrigo’s father has died.
Rodrigo’s fear was getting the better of him.
Rodrigo’s fingers got amputated.
Rodrigo’s fingers got crushed by the door.
Rodrigo’s flesh and bones started dissolving into the acid.
Rodrigo’s lower half was fully dissolved into acid.
Rodrigo’s next challenge is against Rima.
Rodrigo’s picture was shown on the screen.
Rodrigo’s room has a prime number.
Rodrigo’s room is bigger.
Rodrigo’s room is safe.
Rodrigo’s show has lost audiences and profits.
Rodrigo’s show unfortunately ended in failure.
Rodrigo’s sickness got worse.
Rodrigo’s situation got worse.
Rodrigo’s situation is getting worse.
Rodrigo’s skin was completely removed.
Rodrigo’s stomach started to ripple.
Rodrigo’s suitcase was filled with money.
Rodrigo’s tank exploded.
Rodrigo’s tank has offensive and defensive features.
Rodrigo’s tank is vulnerable to attacks.
Rodrigo’s throat was pierced.
Rodrigo’s video got forty million views.
Rodrigo’s video was blurred.
Rodriguez was one of the revelations of the World Cup.
Roesler pulled his penknife from a coat pocket and began trimming his nails.
Rogan josh may be the most famous recipe of Kashmiri cuisine.
Roger Ascham one day paying a visit to the amiable but unfortunate Lady Jane Grey found her employed in reading Plato while the rest of the family were engaged in a hunting party in the park.
Roger Federer is among the very few tennis players to have notched more than a thousand career match wins.
Roger Federer is one of the few tennis players to have both delivered and suffered a crushing defeat in a Grand Slam final. He double-bagelled Lleyton Hewitt in the 2004 US Open final and himself got bagelled and breadsticked by Rafael Nadal in the 2008 French Open final.
Roger Federer plays tennis without ever losing his concentration.
Roger Federer will not play at Roland Garros.
Roger Hanin always considered Algeria as his native land.
Roger Hanin was born in 1925 in Algeria.
Roger Hanin was buried in the Jewish cemetery of Bologhine in Algiers.
Roger Miller became very popular because of the success of the songs "Dang Me" and "Chug-A-Lug."
Roger Miller began writing songs because he loved the music he heard on the radio.
Roger Miller died of lung cancer in 1992.
Roger Miller entered the United States Army at the age of seventeen. He was sent to an army base near Atlanta, Georgia.
Roger Miller learned to play the guitar and the violin. Much later, he learned to play the drums.
Roger Miller started to write songs because he liked the music he heard on the radio.
Roger Miller was born on January 2, 1936 in the western city of Fort Worth, Texas.
Roger Miller's "Dang Me" was a hit with country music fans and with popular music fans too. It sold millions of copies.
Roger Miller's father died when he was only one year old and his mother became sick soon after, so he was sent to live with his uncle in Erick, Oklahoma.
Roger Miller’s "Dang Me" was a hit with country music fans and with popular music fans too. It sold millions of copies.
Roger Miller’s father died when he was only one year old and his mother became sick soon after, so he was sent to live with his uncle in Erick, Oklahoma.
Roger Vercel, whose true name is Roger Crétin, is a French writer.
Roger Waters can't claim to be anti-war anymore, as he supports Putin's invasion of Ukraine.
Roger Waters is an imperialist.
Roger Waters should stop.
Roger Waters was found this morning in his hotel room, tragically alive.
Roger is a party animal.
Roger left the farm when he was still very young.
Roger liked writing songs. He also liked to perform his own songs on the stage.
Roger slipped on the ice and hurt his leg.
Roger that.
Roger traveled from town to town in the west.
Roger worked at any job he could find during the day.
Roger worked from early in the morning until late at night.
Roger works from dawn to dusk.
Roger works from morning till night.
Roger!
Roger, what you say makes sense and I agree with you.
Roger.
Roland understands Hungarian, and he can speak it, too. However, he doesn't know how to write and read it.
Role Studies are the nuts and bolts of acting.
Role play allows you to step into different roles and explore fantasies in a safe, consensual environment.
Role play can involve scenarios like teacher-student, doctor-patient, or owner-pet.
Role-Language includes male and female collective nouns in Japanese.
Role-playing video games are time consuming.
Roll down the window.
Roll down your window.
Roll out half the pastry and line a 13-cm pie dish.
Roll out the remaining pastry to make a lid for the pie.
Roll out your mats and start stretching.
Roll over on your back.
Roll over!
Roll over.
Roll the ball over to me.
Roll the ball to me.
Roll the barrel over here.
Roll the dice.
Roll the die!
Roll the dough into a rectangle.
Roll the dough out thin.
Roll the footage.
Roll the pastry into a rectangle.
Roll the snowball over to me.
Roll the video.
Roll the window down.
Roll up the windows.
Roll up those magazines.
Roll up your left sleeve.
Roll up your right sleeve.
Roll up your sleeve, please.
Roll up your sleeve.
Roll up your sleeves a bit.
Roll up your sleeves and get busy.
Roll up your sleeves and get to work.
Roll up your sleeves and start helping.
Roll up your sleeves and start working.
Roll up your sleeves if you want to make a change.
Roll up your sleeves.
Roll up your window.
Roll your dice.
Roll your sleeves up and get to work.
Roll your window down.
Roll your window up.
Rolled out by the French government, the dictionary reflects not only the language’s evolution but also the reality that most of today’s speakers are not French.
Roller coasters are scary.
Roller skating is fun.
Rollerblading is fun and is also good exercise.
Rolling a kayak in white water is an advanced skill.
Rolling back protections for the marine monument "is part of the Trump administration's continued assault on environmental protections," said Elizabeth Turnbull Henry, president of the Environmental League of Massachusetts.
Rolling friction losses could be reduced by using a magnetically levitated train.
Rolling pasture lands curved upward on either side of us, and old gabled houses peeped out from amid the thick green foliage.
Roly polies are actually a kind of crustacean.
Roly-polies are woodlice which can roll themselves into a ball.
Romain deserves a standing ovation for his incredible collection!
Roman Catholic prayers in English are not as elegant as in Spanish or Tagalog.
Roman Catholics believe that the pope may veto decisions of an ecumenical council, even when the pope has personally summoned the council and has dictated its terms of reference.
Roman Emperor Caligula had a horse called Incitatus which means fast.
Roman glass containers were imported during the Han Dynasty, and the production of glass containers began in the Northern Wei dynasty in the 5th century.
Roman is writing a novel.
Roman paved roads and milestones were also built on top of Arabian caravan routes connecting southern Arabia and the Mediterranean Sea.
Roman spent much of her career working to establish new ways to probe the universe.
Roman statues are often naked.
Roman tirelessly advocated for new tools that would allow scientists to study the broader universe from space.
Roman will map stars, galaxies, and dark matter to explore the formation and evolution of large cosmic structures, like clusters and superclusters of galaxies, and investigate dark energy, which is thought to accelerate the expansion of the universe.
Roman will use multiple methods to investigate dark energy. One involves surveying the sky for a special type of exploding star, called a type Ia supernova.
Roman women would dilate their pupils with belladonna because they believed this made them more attractive. Eye doctors still use belladonna during eye exams.
Roman wrote a novel.
Roman, who held a doctorate in astronomy from the University of Chicago, came to the space agency in 1959, six months after it was formed.
Romanesco broccoli is fractal-shaped.
Romania is a Balkan country. Its capital is Bucharest.
Romania is a beautiful country.
Romania is called "România" in Romanian.
Romania joined NATO in 2004 and the EU in 2007.
Romania reported in October an annual inflation rate of 6.5%.
Romania's capital is Bucharest.
Romania, Bulgaria and Hungary also objected to the violation of minority rights in Ukraine.
Romanian - what a beautiful language!
Romanian is a Romance language like Portuguese, Spanish, Italian and French.
Romanian is a Romance language.
Romanian is an official language in Romania, Moldova and the autonomous province of Vojvodina, Serbia. It is also an official language in several communities and organizations, such as the Latin Union and the European Union.
Romanian is indisputably a difficult language.
Romanian is less similar to Portuguese, Spanish, Italian, and French than I thought.
Romanian is the only Neolatin language in which the definitive article is welded at the end of the noun.
Romanian is the only Romance language in which the definite article is enclitic.
Romanian is the only Romance language that places the definite article after the noun.
Romanian, Italian and Catalan are all in the same language family.
Romanians are a religious people.
Romans did not want their empire to decline; but it did.
Romans did not wish for the fall of their empire, but it happened.
Romans frequently enlisted the help of Numidian horsemen.
Romans went from being contemptuous of Jews for being one of their slave peoples to being morally outraged at Jews' sinful nature.
Romans woke Saturday to learn that the leader of Italy's Democratic Party had tested positive for the coronavirus and that the virus had also infected an official inside the Vatican, the walled city-state in Rome.
Romans wore togas.
Romans, go home!
Romantic attraction isn't the same as sexual attraction.
Romantic feelings aren't the same as sexual feelings.
Romantic movies usually have a happy end so that people like it.
Romantic relationships can be confusing.
Romantic, isn't it?
Rome abounds with relics.
Rome became a great power under Julius Caesar.
Rome burned and the Kaiser sang.
Rome came under heavy attack.
Rome decided to level Carthage forever.
Rome declined after abandoning Jupiter.
Rome eventually seized all of North Africa.
Rome fell. Why did the Roman Empire fall?
Rome grants no dispensation from death.
Rome had several mad emperors.
Rome has a lot of ancient buildings.
Rome has a lot of charm for me.
Rome has become the most beautiful thing in the world.
Rome has declared war on Venice.
Rome has many historic sites and monuments.
Rome is Italy's capital.
Rome is a beautiful city.
Rome is a city worth visiting.
Rome is always too far away.
Rome is an Italian city.
Rome is an Italian town.
Rome is an ancient city.
Rome is an old city.
Rome is burning.
Rome is famous for its ancient architecture.
Rome is in Italy.
Rome is more chaotic than Florence.
Rome is not far away.
Rome is one of the most ancient cities in Europe.
Rome is the capital of Italy.
Rome is the capital of the world.
Rome is where the pope is.
Rome is worthy of a visit.
Rome knew that Jugurtha could not be underestimated.
Rome sent troops to North Africa in order to deal with Jugurtha.
Rome was Jugurtha's final resting place.
Rome was also a monarchy.
Rome was attacked by many enemies.
Rome was founded by Romulus and Remus.
Rome was founded in 753 B.C.
Rome was heavily attacked.
Rome was not built in a day, nor was it destroyed in a day.
Rome was not built in a day.
Rome was not built in one day.
Rome was sacked by Ostrogoths in 546.
Rome was sacked by Ostrogoths in 546AD.
Rome was sacked by the Gauls in 390BC.
Rome was sacked by the Normans in 1084.
Rome was sacked by the Ostrogoths in 546.
Rome was sacked by the Vandals in 455.
Rome was sacked by the Vandals in 455AD.
Rome was sacked in 1527 by the troops of Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor.
Rome was sacked in 410 by the Visigoths led by King Alaric.
Rome was sacked in 410AD by the Visigoths led by King Alaric.
Rome was sacked in the 5th century.
Rome was the capital of the world.
Rome was the largest city in the world at the time.
Rome wasn't built in a day, but it did burn down in one.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Rome wasn’t built in a day.
Rome's destiny was to conquer the world.
Rome, not satisfied with defeating her rival in the two previous wars, took a convenient pretext to invade Carthage and destroy every vestige of the city.
Rome, thou art a whole world, it is true, and yet without love this world would not be the world, Rome would cease to be Rome.
Romeo and Juliet is a story of forbidden love.
Romeo and Juliet is a tragic story of forbidden love.
Romeo and Juliet is on at the theater.
Romeo and Juliet is on at the theatre.
Romeo and Juliet is set in Verona.
Romeo and Juliet's wedding put an end to the feud between the Montagues and the Capulets.
Romeo can't even write his own name.
Romeo instantly fell in love with Juliet.
Romeo is a Montague and Juliet, a Capulet.
Romeo is the man Juliet loves.
Romeo killed someone.
Romeo loved Juliet more than he thought he did, and could not cope with losing her.
Romeo marries Juliet.
Romeo, believing that Juliet was dead, decided to kill himself.
Romney said the Obama campaign had been "reduced to petty attacks and silly word games".
Romulans also have pointed ears.
Romulus abducted virgins of the surrounding nations.
Romulus and Remus were brothers.
Romulus and Remus were suckled by a wolf.
Romulus founded Rome.
Romulus is thought to have been the first king of the Romans.
Romulus killed his twin brother Remus.
Romulus named the city Rome, in accordance with his own name.
Romulus raped virgins of the neighbouring peoples.
Romulus reigned for thirty-seven years.
Romulus was the first Roman king.
Romulus was the grandson of Numitor.
Romulus was the son of Rhea Silvia.
Ron DeSantis defined wokeness as the belief that systemic injustices exist and that they should be remedied.
Ron DeSantis lures desperate asylum seekers onto buses with false promises and ships them across the country for a political stunt.
Ron DeSantis's dickwaving contest with Disney has cost Florida taxpayers millions of dollars.
Ron Finley has been called a “guerrilla gardener” and the “gangsta gardener,” an edgier description of a man who once defied local authorities to bring nature to the inner city.
Ron Johnson is a wood artist and stay-at-home dad.
Ron Johnson is a wood artist.
Ron Paul will make anime real.
Ron likes surfing.
Ronald McDonald is my best friend.
Ronald Reagan asked Gorbachev to "tear down this wall".
Ronald Reagan funded cocaine-dealing fascists in Nicaragua using money he got from selling weapons to Iran behind U.S. sanctions.
Ronald Reagan ruined everything.
Ronald Reagan was America's first neoliberal president, and the country has never recovered from him.
Ronald Reagan was born in 1911, in the little town of Tampico, Illinois.
Ronald Reagan was extremely racist.
Ronald Reagan was known to confuse the events of movies he was in for real things that had happened to him.
Ronald Reagan's legacy is AIDS.
Ronald Reagan, president from 1981 until 1989, told the story of how his dog barked frantically at the entrance of the Lincoln Bedroom and refused to go inside.
Ronald talked in class.
Ronaldo is a prolific goal scorer and it’s almost guaranteed that he will score a goal in every match.
Ronaldo is a world-class player.
Ronaldo is famous for his bicycle kick. When he does it, the fans go crazy.
Ronaldo shot the ball right into the back of the net to score the winning goal.
Ronaldo? He seems to be traveling.
Ronaldo’s teammate passed the ball high to him. He jumped up and headed it into the goal.
Rong Rong's mother doesn't seem to be a good mother.
Rongrong's mother is nothing like a good mother.
Ronnie James Dio's death made me very sad.
Ronnie and Vicky rode by on their bikes.
Ronnie and Vicky rode past on their bikes.
Ronnie's music and legacy live in all of us!
Ronny Poluan says the purpose of his weekly tour of Jakarta's poorest neighborhoods is not sightseeing but bringing people and cultures together.
Roof-high the fiery glare, / fanned by the wind, mounts up; the loud blast roars in air.
Rooks are birds.
Rooks are intelligent birds.
Room for rent.
Room service is an amenity we can live without.
Room service, please.
Room service. May I help you?
Room with a double bed.
Rooms are black.
Rooms are single occupancy.
Rooms in houses are getting smaller and smaller.
Rooms should be left vacant by eleven a.m. on the day of departure.
Roosevelt and Willkie discussed the situation.
Roosevelt dies before the end of the war.
Roosevelt eventually reversed his decision, and Congress ended the long national debate over Thanksgiving in 1941 by passing a law making the fourth Thursday in November a legal holiday.
Roosevelt is replaced by Truman.
Roosevelt kept his promise.
Roosevelt refused to accept the idea of defeat.
Roosevelt spoke for almost an hour.
Roosevelt was a monster.
Roosevelt was a war criminal.
Roosevelt was a war hero.
Roosevelt was born to a wealthy family in New York City in 1858.
Roosevelt went to church in the morning.
Roosevelt worked hard to improve America's relations with Japan.
Roosevelt worked hard to improve America’s relations with Japan.
Roosevelt worked hard to improve the United States relations with Japan.
Roosevelt's condition improved quickly.
Roosevelt’s condition improved quickly.
Roosters can crow but it's the hens who lay the eggs.
Root beer is considered a classic American carbonated soft drink.
Root beer is considered a classic American drink.
Root beer is minging – and it's a misnomer.
Root beer is not beer.
Root vegetables are my new friends.
Ropes alone cannot hold it.
Ropes surround the place.
Rosa Luxemburg believed Marxism couldn't work without freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, and general elections.
Rosa Luxemburg believed the Bolsheviks had disenfranchised the working class and handed all power to a Party clique that placed itself above the people.
Rosa Montero is an extraordinary woman.
Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat for a white passenger.
Rosa Parks was arrested, and the black community of Montgomery was shocked and angry.
Rosa Parks was arrested.
Rosa Parks wasn't simply a tired seamstress who sat down by accident. She was a civil rights leader with the eye of a strategist and the heart of a warrior.
Rosa has been a secretary for a long time.
Rosa has been a secretary for many years.
Rosa is Portuguese, but she lives in France.
Rosa, her mother, and her sister are in São Paulo.
Rosaceae are flowering plants.
Roscosmos cosmonaut and Expedition 66 Commander Anton Shkaplerov, upper right, works outside the Nauka multipurpose laboratory module during a spacewalk that lasted seven hours and 11 minutes, on Jan. 19, 2022.
Rose and lilies are in bloom in the garden. I like these better than those.
Rose apple trees grew in the backyard of my grandparents' house in Ibaan, Batangas, Philippines. They are not really apples. The fruits are bell-shaped and pinkish red.
Rose came out as non-binary, but they did not wish to change their name.
Rose hasn't talked to me lately.
Rose is a loving and caring lady.
Rose milk is from the south of India. In Singapore, it's called "bandung."
Rose petals are very delicate.
Rose petals are very soft.
Rose rose to put rose roes on her rows of roses.
Rose told me that they're non-binary.
Rose was blowing bubbles.
Rose, Juniper, Lily, and Camellia were all named after plants, as was Giant Corpse Flower, whose high school experience was far worse than theirs.
Rose, the Filipino vendor at the pizzeria here on Lulu Island, said that she might bring her kids to the haunted house at the winery for Halloween in 2021.
Roseanne Barr grew up pretending to be Mormon.
Roseau is the capital of Dominica.
Rosebud.
Rosebushes have a lot of thorns.
Rosemaling is a style of decorative painting developed in Norway.
Rosemary adds a delightful aroma to roasted vegetables.
Rosemary thrives in well-drained, sunny conditions.
Rosemary's Baby is a film by Roman Polanski.
Rosenberg was relieved of his debt.
Rosenberg’s student debt commenced in 1993, when he enrolled as an undergraduate at the University of Arizona, according to court documents.
Rosengren said that because sulforaphane is natural, known to be safe and has no known side effects, he thinks it could be approved as a blood sugar-lowering agent by U.S. and European regulators in the next year or two.
Roses and orchids are my favorite flowers.
Roses are Mary's favorite flower.
Roses are a type of flower and doves are a type of bird.
Roses are beautiful flowers.
Roses are beautiful.
Roses are flowers, and pigeons are birds.
Roses are flowers.
Roses are her favorite flower.
Roses are indeed useful flowers, especially when they consist of marzipan.
Roses are my favorite flowers.
Roses are pretty flowers.
Roses are white.
Roses do not have thorns, but prickles.
Roses emanate a sweet fragrance.
Roses for the most beautiful rose in the world.
Roses have a nice fragrance.
Roses have thorns on their stems.
Roses have thorns.
Roses smell good.
Roses smell nice.
Roses smell sweet.
Roses withered and Ania cried very much.
Rosetta was built by the European Space Agency.
Rosetta will try to land on a comet in a few hours.
Rosetta's probe, Philae, has successfully landed on the comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko.
Rosh Hashanah is the Jewish New Year.
Rosh Hashanah literally means "head of the year."
Rosie gave birth last week.
Rosie was allowed to stay up till eleven o'clock.
Rosie was allowed to stay up till eleven o’clock.
Rosine Ngaxi Alzina, 24, sings a lullaby for her two-week-old baby to sleep.
Rosmah likes to collect toilet bowls.
Ross Perot received about eight million votes.
Ross completed a triathlon carrying a 45 kg tree.
Ross was a widow whose husband, a member of the local militia, was killed in a gunpowder explosion.
Rossby waves, also known as planetary waves, naturally occur in rotating fluids. Within the Earth's ocean and atmosphere, these waves form as a result of the rotation of the planet.
Rossi is very grateful towards those who treated him.
Rossini covered himself with several blankets while he compose his operas.
Rossini was an Italian composer of operas, born in 1792, five years before Schubert.
Ross’s grandson was among those who promoted the story that his grandmother made the nation’s first flag.
Rostov and Rostov-on-Don are two different cities located quite far from each other.
Rot in hell!
Rotate older items to the front, so they get used first.
Rotate your screen to see other images.
Rotating it clockwise will tighten it, while rotating it counterclockwise will loosen it.
Rote learning might help you to pass exams, but it's no guarantee that you'll really understand the subject matter.
Rote memorization is useful in some subjects, but not all.
Rotten wood cannot be carved; walls of dung cannot be worked with a trowel.
Rotten wood is not suitable for a pillar; a vile person is not fit to be a manager.
Rotterdam is Europe's largest seaport.
Rotterdam is the second largest city in the Netherlands.
Rouge is a light pink kitten with green eyes a yellow tail and hot pink hair with magenta bow and styled like belle hair.
Rough him up a bit.
Roughage is that part of food the body can't digest.
Roughage is the part of food the body can't digest.
Roughly 1000 oak trees were used to build the Vasa.
Roughly 14% of all the human beings that have ever existed are alive today.
Roughly 2 hours have passed.
Roughly 253 scientists from 21 countries worked for five years to decipher the genetic blueprints of the single-cell parasites that cause sleeping sickness, leishmaniasis and Chagas disease. Experts say the disease-causing protozoa, which affect 500 million people in the tropics and sub-tropics at any one time, look identical under the microscope, but are spread by different flying insects.
Roughly 30 or 40 patients are lined up at the outpatient center to see a doctor.
Roughly 50 meters away, past the vegetable section, fishmongers are scaling their produce. Demand in fish has gone up, and has created a shortage. Wholesale fish prices have risen by about 30 percent.
Roughly 90% of energy is lost between trophic levels.
Roughly half of America's fruits and vegetables come from California.
Roughly half the world seeks God in one way or another through the stories that are believed to have taken place in the deserts of the Middle East.
Roughly how long do you think it'll take?
Roughly how long do you think that'll take?
Roughly how long does it take to walk from here to the town hall?
Roughly how many hours will it take to get there by car?
Roughly how many minutes does it take to get to the station by taxi?
Roughly how much does a Christmas tree cost?
Roughly one thousand, give or take ten per cent.
Roughly speaking, a doctor repairs people.
Roughly speaking, the seasons in England correspond with those in Japan.
Roughly speaking, there were about 30 people in the bus.
Roulette is a game of chance.
Round about noon a friend of mine popped in.
Round boxes? Are you nuts?
Round here, we make the law.
Round off the edges a little.
Round the corner came a large truck.
Round to three significant figures.
Round trip or one-way?
Round trip? Just one way.
Round trip? Only one-way.
Round-trip fares to each destination are as follows.
Roundabouts are both safer and more efficient than four-way intersections.
Roundworms can be especially harmful to children. Adult worms can live in the body for up to two years, blocking the intestines. The larvae can also cause breathing problems when they enter the lungs.
Roused by these words, long since the sire of Troy / yearned, like his friend, their comrades to surprise / and burst the cloud.
Rousseau was mad but influential; Hume was sane but had no followers.
Rousseff said that the intensity of Brazil's downturn caught her by surprise and that she would do "whatever it takes" to attenuate it.
Route 12 stops near the opera house.
Routine exercise is great for your health.
Routine life is starting to seem bland.
Routine life often lacks variety.
Routine maintenance usually takes less than an hour. If this turns into an extended outage, we will tweet updates from the site or post details on the status blog.
Routines are not my thing.
Roux is made while cooking flour and butter together.
Rover operators rely on special three-dimensional goggles to help them drive Curiosity over the Martian landscape.
Rovers are exploring different regions of Mars.
Rovers have won promotion.
Row after row the potatoes are unearthed and collected with a hoe.
Row faster.
Row me across the river.
Row me to the other side of the river.
Row.
Rowan Atkinson had a successful solo career.
Rowan berries are very sour.
Rowan loves building miniature figurines of fantastical creatures and machines.
Rowan trees can be found growing at elevations of up to 1,000 metres – higher than any other tree in the British Isles.
Rowing is a great full body exercise.
Rowing is a lot of fun.
Rowing is a man's job.
Rowling's entire brain has been consumed by fascist brainworms.
Rows and rows of narrow streets of terrace houses surround the factory.
Rows of cabbages wind beneath passion fruit vines, and tiny red eggplants rub shoulders with the spikes of a rare type of leek.
Rows of houses, each of them different and pleasing with their spacious gardens, are replaced by purely functional blocks of flats which have nothing more to commend them than over-praised 'modern conveniences'.
Rows of houses, each of them different and pleasing with their spacious gardens, are replaced by purely functional blocks of flats which have nothing more to commend them than over-praised ’modern conveniences’.
Roy and Linda did a try-not-to-laugh challenge.
Roy denied having visited her yesterday.
Roy fastened the medal with a pin.
Roy has a great poker face.
Roy is secretive and Ted is candid.
Roy looked solemn as I told him the story.
Roy looks happy when his girlfriend calls him.
Roy needn't have hurried to the airport to meet his parents.
Roy needn’t have hurried to the airport to meet his parents.
Roy practiced very hard to get his ski instructor's license.
Roy practiced very hard to get his ski instructor’s license.
Roy? Is that you?
Royal families shouldn't exist.
Royalty is fake.
Royalty is gross.
Royalty is one of the world's biggest grifts.
Royalty shouldn't exist.
Roza accepted the gifts.
Rub Tom's back with alcohol.
Rub briskly with soap, and the stain will soon wash off.
Rub it in, why don't you?
Rub lemon juice on the affected area and the pain will disappear.
Rub my back.
Rub my shoulders.
Rub out these words with your eraser.
Rub potatoes with vegetable oil and place on the prepared baking sheet.
Rub salt in the wound.
Rub that off your face immediately.
Rub the butter into the flour with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs, working as quickly as possible to prevent the dough becoming warm.
Rub the stain with vinegar.
Rub these words out with your rubber.
Rub two sticks together to get the fire started.
Rubber is extracted from rubber trees.
Rubber is made from the sap of the rubber tree.
Rubber is not hard: it gives way to pressure.
Rubbish is piling up in the streets.
Rubbish was everywhere.
Rubbish!
Rubella is also called 'German measles' in English, while Germans call rickets 'the English disease'.
Ruben has three sons.
Ruben, my firstborn, thou art my strength, and the beginning of my sorrow; excelling in gifts, greater in command.
Rubies are one of most beautiful gems in the world.
RubleÅ­skaja created very believable images of such historical figures as Francysk Skaryna, Franc SaviÄ, and Barbara RadziviÅ‚.
Rubleŭskaja created very believable images of such historical figures as Francysk Skaryna, Franc Savič, and Barbara Radzivił.
Ruby Gillis says that when a man is courting he always has to agree with the girl's mother in religion and her father in politics.
Ruby Gillis says when she grows up she's going to have ever so many beaus on the string and have them all crazy about her.
Ruby Gillis thinks of nothing but young men, and the older she gets the worse she is.
Ruby asked me to feel her hands and they were as cold as ice.
Ruby is the red form of corundum.
Ruby on Rails is an agile development platform, which means we can respond to feedback from our customers very quickly.
Ruby played hide-and-seek.
Ruby rode a bike.
Ruby – not her real name – has been homeless since last autumn.
RubÃ©n is the father of three children.
Rubén is the father of three children.
Ruchel is a Polish Jew.
Ruchi thinks bearded men are very unattractive, but she doesn't mind a stubble.
Ruching and shirring are not the same thing. For starters, shirring involves elasticized threads in parallel rows.
Rudeness is Donald Trump's trademark.
Rudolf has built a large house.
Rudolph Valentino worked as a dancer and a gigolo before becoming a movie star.
Rudolph has a red nose.
Rudolph walked slowly toward the city.
Rudy Giuliani was never anything other than what he is now; the media just gave him a bunch of undeserved celebrity after he happened to be mayor of New York during the September 11th attacks.
Rudy Giuliani, who is not Jewish, claims he's more Jewish than Holocaust survivor George Soros because Soros "doesn't go to church."
Rugby is a rough game.
Rugby is a sport which is never called off by rain.
Rugby is an outdoor game.
Rugby, American football, and Australian rules football all come from soccer.
Rugged and ascending with short abrupt turns this road was blocked at every uncovered point with abbattis and small retrenchments.
Rugged pines grow on the rocky soil of the ridge.
Rugs absorb sound.
Ruin is inside us.
Ruins are inside us.
Rule over your anger.
Rule your desires, but let your conscience rule you.
Rulers who posses the Way are raised by heaven, supported by the earth and assisted by the spirits.
Rules apply to everyone.
Rules are all or nothing.
Rules are for beginners.
Rules are important for everyone.
Rules are indispensable.
Rules are just barriers to prevent children from falling.
Rules are made for fools to follow and for wise men to use as a guideline.
Rules are made to be broken.
Rules are made to be followed.
Rules are made to be obeyed.
Rules are meant to be broken.
Rules are meant to be kept, not broken.
Rules are rules, Ziri.
Rules are rules.
Rules are there for a reason.
Rules are to be observed.
Rules aren't written just because.
Rules in connection with staff selection are set as follows.
Rules only change when a sufficient number of people violate them causing the rule makers to re-examine their original purpose.
Rules were made to be broken.
Ruling France requires fierce words and moderate actions.
Rumi is his first daughter.
Rumi is the first daughter.
Ruminants are a group of mammals.
Ruminants have four stomach compartments.
Rumination is an important stage of making decisions.
Rummaging around in boxes, I stumbled upon an old family photo.
Rumor flies.
Rumor has it Tom is going to get fired.
Rumor has it Tom's a cuckold.
Rumor has it that Martin Scorsese is working on a gangster movie.
Rumor has it that Mary is a witch.
Rumor has it that Skura is seeing another guy.
Rumor has it that Tom and Mary are friends again.
Rumor has it that Tom and Mary are going to be married soon.
Rumor has it that Tom is going to get fired.
Rumor has it that Tom is going to move out of Boston in 2020.
Rumor has it the president tried to leave the country.
Rumor has it there are ghosts in the house.
Rumor of a riot was in the air.
Rumor says he resigned.
Rumor says that she is a pickpocket.
Rumors about Boldi reached the teachers' ears.
Rumors about a talented tattoo artist named Boldi were flying around out town.
Rumors about unannounced gaming consoles are common.
Rumors are abounding that Japanese icon Hideki Matsui, who is now a free agent after years with the Yomiuri Giants, might be leaving Japan to play for an American team.
Rumors are often lies.
Rumors are you're coming back.
Rumors began to spread.
Rumors circulated fast, yet it's all false.
Rumors have been circulating.
Rumors have gone around that Mary secretly smokes.
Rumors have it that Tom is the next kung fu legend after Bruce Lee.
Rumors have reached Ziri.
Rumors of Tom's death have been greatly exaggerated.
Rumors of a Wall Street crash sparked a dollar selling spree.
Rumors of defeat were abroad.
Rumors of defeat were circulating.
Rumors prejudiced Tom against Mary.
Rumors started to circulate in town about Yanni having an affair.
Rumors started to spread about what had actually happened.
Rumors that Tom and Mary are dating have been swirling for weeks.
Rumors were current about him.
Rumors were spreading all over town about them.
Rumour had it that she was Christian.
Rumour has it that he got someone pregnant again.
Rumour has it that he went bankrupt.
Rumour has it that he's gone bankrupt.
Rumour has it that he's messing around with his secretary.
Rumour has it that he's the richest dude in this town.
Rumour has it that he’s the richest dude in this town.
Rumour has it that the priest has lost his faith.
Rumour has it that the vicar has lost his faith.
Rumour has it that you got the job.
Rumours can't be trusted.
Rumours of our demise have been greatly exaggerated.
Rumpelstiltskin spun straw into gold, in exchange for the woman's firstborn child.
Run a little each day.
Run a slant route to the 30-yard line.
Run along now.
Run along, child.
Run an in route after 10 yards.
Run and don't look back.
Run and get some bread from the baker's!
Run and go get it.
Run and hide in the barn.
Run and hide in the mountains.
Run and hide.
Run as fast as possible.
Run as fast as you can and don't let go of my hand.
Run as fast as you can!
Run as fast as you can.
Run away as fast as you can!
Run away as fast as you can.
Run away from here.
Run away if you want to survive.
Run away!
Run away, Tom!
Run away, and don't look back.
Run away, you mongrel!
Run away.
Run back home.
Run fast!
Run fast, and you will catch the train.
Run fast, or you will be late for school.
Run fast, otherwise you will miss the bus.
Run fast, otherwise you'll miss the bus.
Run faster, jump higher, be stronger.
Run faster, or you won't be able to catch the train.
Run faster, otherwise you will miss the train.
Run faster.
Run for cover.
Run for it!
Run for it, Tom!
Run for president.
Run for the hills!
Run for the hills.
Run for your life!
Run for your life.
Run for your life. Don't let them catch you.
Run for your lives!
Run from arrogance, do not allow it to seep into your mind or into your speech.
Run hot water into the bath.
Run if you want to arrive on time.
Run if you want to make it to the beginning of the movie.
Run in here.
Run in place.
Run in the 40 meters.
Run like a crazy cockroach.
Run like the wind.
Run like your life depends on it.
Run me a hot bath.
Run off now!
Run or you'll be arrested.
Run over any obstacle with this monster truck!
Run over your part again before the rehearsal.
Run pipes under the floor.
Run slower, you're going to tire out.
Run slower, you're gonna get tired.
Run slowly!
Run that by me again.
Run the engine till it gets warm.
Run the selected action.
Run to him.
Run to the supermarket and buy me some eggs.
Run to the video store and get us a copy of Rambo.
Run towards him.
Run towards me!
Run very fast.
Run while it's still time.
Run with them to their village.
Run!
Run! It's hailing!
Run! the dog saw us and he is coming.
Run, Tom. Get out of here!
Run, before they find you.
Run, comrade, the old world is behind you!
Run, everybody!
Run, or else you'll be late.
Run, or else you’ll be late.
Run.
Runaway shirkers win no crowns.
Runaway trains are stopped by derailing shoes.
Runes were often inscribed on wood bark.
Runners start in staggered positions and race in separate lanes for the entire course.
Running a car is a great expense.
Running a farm is difficult.
Running a farm isn't easy.
Running a hotel is similar to running a house.
Running a lot makes me thirsty.
Running as fast as I could, I was able to catch up with my friend.
Running as fast as she could, she still failed to catch the bus.
Running away is shameful, but it's useful.
Running away isn't the answer.
Running away isn't what a king does.
Running away isn’t the answer.
Running away saves its master.
Running away would be the dumbest idea.
Running barefoot from scorching asphalt to cool grass in the summertime as a kid, you likely learned how cityscapes tend to get much warmer than green spaces.
Running hard is important for you.
Running in the corridors is not allowed.
Running into you was inevitable.
Running is a good sport.
Running is good exercise.
Running is good for health.
Running is good for the health.
Running is good for your health.
Running keeps him young.
Running long distances without warming up can hurt your muscles.
Running so fast is impossible for me.
Running the Inca Trail near Machu Picchu can be arduous.
Running the store is becoming a burden to Tom.
Running the store is becoming a burden to him.
Running through the fields, I felt alive.
Running was my only defense.
Running water is clean water.
Running water is cleaner than stagnant water.
Running water reaches most of Algeria's population.
Running will wear them out.
Runoff from upstream development had almost destroyed all aquatic life in the stream.
Rupa Trivedi in Mumbai, India, creates a range of colors from marigold, hibiscus and rose flowers and coconut husks.
Rupa bent over and pulled her panties down.
Rupert Murdoch controls the media.
Rupert chopped down the tree that was in our front yard.
Ruppy is a bioluminescent dog that glows red.
Rupture stress is much higher in the case of metals as it is for plastics.
Rural areas in the U.S. tend to be have higher numbers of unvaccinated children.
Rural buses are not usually on time.
Rural buses don't usually come on time.
Rural buses don't usually run on time.
Rural electrification was finally coming, even though for years nay-sayers had said it was economically infeasible.
Rural environments are too quiet for me.
Rural life appeals to me very much.
Ruriko is a high school student.
Ruritania summoned Balquiria's chargé d'affaires to protest against the violations of human rights in the latter's country.
Ruritania summoned Balquiria’s chargÃ© d’affaires to protest against the violations of human rights in the latter’s country.
Ruscism is a very popular ideology in Russia.
Rush Limbaugh can't die soon enough.
Rush Limbaugh is dying of lung cancer.
Rush Limbaugh is still dead.
Rush Limbaugh was a monster.
Rush hour traffic will start soon.
Rush if you want to make it in time.
Rush it to Aqbu.
Rush orders are expensive.
Rush slowly!
Rush to him.
Rush towards him.
Rushia, do you have a sister?
Rushing into things isn't my style.
RushmoreDrive.Com President and CEO Johnny Taylor is pleased with the feedback he's gotten since the website's launch early this year. Still, some critics balk at the idea of a race-based search engine. Isn't that "discrimination," they ask? Taylor's response: diversity is a cornerstone of the American marketplace.
Russell is not the only author of Principia Mathematica.
Russell was a brilliant philosopher, but even the simplest practical task was quite beyond him.
Russell's books should be bound in two colours, those dealing with mathematical logic in red — and all students of philosophy should read them; those dealing with ethics and politics in blue — and no one should be allowed to read them.
Russell’s books should be bound in two colours, those dealing with mathematical logic in red â€” and all students of philosophy should read them; those dealing with ethics and politics in blue â€” and no one should be allowed to read them.
Russets and Coxes are far nicer apples than Granny Smiths and Braeburns.
Russia Today is a 24/7 English news channel.
Russia already stretches from Europe to the very edge of Asia; it's already a colonial empire.
Russia and China are Algeria's best friends.
Russia and China can't just sit back and watch the US destroy the world.
Russia and China have many autonomous regions.
Russia and China support Algeria.
Russia and Eritrea expanded their diplomatic relationship Friday when Moscow announced plans to build a logistics center at a port in the East African country.
Russia and Ukraine are now at war.
Russia and Ukraine will both be changed forever.
Russia and the United States are neighbouring countries.
Russia annexed Crimea in 2014.
Russia became communist.
Russia begins in Vladivostok.
Russia boasts a wealth of stunning architectural wonders.
Russia borders China.
Russia borders Finland and North Korea.
Russia can invade Ukraine.
Russia can't be kicked out of Ukraine.
Russia colonizing Ukraine has no impact on its ability to become a superpower again.
Russia conquered the territory of present-day Uzbekistan in the late 19th century.
Russia could invade Ukraine.
Russia expresses regret for those lost in the hostage incident.
Russia gave me political asylum.
Russia guaranteed the sovereignty of Ukraine, and her borders, following the treaty of nineteen ninety-four, whereby Ukraine, in exchange, renounced her nuclear arsenal.
Russia had emerged as a second superpower.
Russia has 6000 warheads.
Russia has a lot of nuclear weapons.
Russia has a low population density.
Russia has a major military base in Kaliningrad.
Russia has achieved air superiority.
Russia has both strategic and tactical nuclear arms.
Russia has chosen to invade Ukraine.
Russia has claims on some regions of the Arctic.
Russia has eleven time zones.
Russia has fortified Crimea.
Russia has increased its arms sales to Algeria.
Russia has internal demographic problems.
Russia has just invaded Ukraine.
Russia has just launched a new public safety campaign called "Safe Selfies".
Russia has many hidden paradises.
Russia has no right to Ukraine.
Russia has no right to decide whether Ukraine should join NATO.
Russia has sophisticated missiles.
Russia has stopped deliveries of gas to Ukraine.
Russia has stopped delivering gas to Ukraine.
Russia has the right to defend its geostrategic interests.
Russia has two problems: fools and roads.
Russia has vast oilfields.
Russia has weapons and brains.
Russia has woken up.
Russia imported wheat from the United States.
Russia invaded Ukraine.
Russia is Algeria's main arms supplier.
Russia is Algeria's number one supplier of weapons.
Russia is a BRICS member.
Russia is a Goliath on the world stage.
Russia is a Nordic country.
Russia is a big-ass place.
Russia is a continent pretending to be a country.
Russia is a corrupt house that should fall.
Russia is a country that borders Finland and North Korea.
Russia is a global great power.
Russia is a huge country.
Russia is a major naval power.
Russia is a major sea power.
Russia is a multi-ethnic country.
Russia is a multilingual country.
Russia is a northern country.
Russia is a nuclear power.
Russia is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.
Russia is a secular state.
Russia is a terrorist state.
Russia is a threat to the whole civilized world.
Russia is a very big country.
Russia is already the largest country in the world.
Russia is an interesting country.
Russia is an interesting place to discover.
Russia is an occupant.
Russia is an offshoot of Ukraine.
Russia is being attacked by many Western countries.
Russia is big.
Russia is bigger than Italy.
Russia is bigger than Pluto.
Russia is by far the biggest country in the world.
Russia is called "Rossiya" in Russian.
Russia is expanding its borders.
Russia is facing great financial difficulties.
Russia is for the sad.
Russia is hitting strategic targets in Ukraine.
Russia is huge.
Russia is in Mali.
Russia is in the way of the world power aspirations of Kissinger, Klaus Schwab, George Soros and the other members of the private club.
Russia is larger than Pluto.
Russia is like rubber that expands, contracts, then expands again.
Russia is located in Russia.
Russia is my homeland, but I've never been there.
Russia is not Prussia.
Russia is not a threat to Finland and Sweden.
Russia is not the victim in its war on Ukraine.
Russia is once again threatening Ukraine, and the NATO states are once again sending more soldiers to the countries near Russia.
Russia is one of Algeria's powerful allies.
Russia is one of Algeria's strongest allies.
Russia is one of America's main competitors in the imperialism game.
Russia is one of the BRIC countries.
Russia is opposed to the admission of Ukraine into the European Union.
Russia is organizing a presidential election charade in March, 2024.
Russia is raining missiles on Ukraine.
Russia is sending battleships, marines, and landing craft tanks against Syria, and submarine equiment against Iran.
Russia is simply home to some of the most beautiful women on the planet.
Russia is so fascinating.
Russia is still a vast country.
Russia is the biggest country in the world.
Russia is the biggest state in the world, and the Vatican is the smallest state in the world.
Russia is the country that invaded Ukraine.
Russia is the country that suffered the most during the Second World War.
Russia is the homeland of the elephants.
Russia is the largest country in the world and Algeria is the largest country in Africa.
Russia is the largest country in the world.
Russia is the largest country on Earth.
Russia is the largest country.
Russia is the only country to blame for its decision to launch an unprovoked imperialist invasion of Ukraine.
Russia is the place of the 2018 World Cup.
Russia is the world's largest country.
Russia is under attack.
Russia isn't on another planet.
Russia just wants to connect its borders to Transnistria, where the USSR never died.
Russia kills Ukrainian children.
Russia lost 20 million people during World War II.
Russia must return the Northern Territories to Japan.
Russia needs a new president.
Russia needs to be recognized as the primary force in Eastern Europe and Central Asia.
Russia needs to control Western Europe to deprive the US of its allies in western Eurasia, whereas China needs to kick the US out of the Far East. This way, the US will be put in its place and would spend more money on fighting poverty and building schools for its kids rather that destroying impoverished countries like Iraq, Afghanistan, and Yemen to the ground.
Russia needs to fix the sabotaged pipelines.
Russia occupied Crimea in 2014.
Russia officially recognized Lugansk and Donetsk as fully independent countries.
Russia operates strategic bombers.
Russia produced lots of well-known men like Lenin, Stalin, Malenkov, Krushchev, Brezhnev, Andropov, Chernenko, Gorbachev, Yeltsin, Medvedev, and Putin.
Russia protected Syria.
Russia refuses to give up on Bakhmut.
Russia rejected Kosovo's independence.
Russia rejected both demands.
Russia remains a global superpower.
Russia represents the vanguard of the revolutionary struggle in Europe.
Russia said starting Thursday it would ban all Chinese from entering its territory.
Russia saved Syria from collapse.
Russia saved Syria from total collapse.
Russia seeks to dominate Europe whereas Europe seeks to destroy Russia.
Russia seized Crimea in 2014.
Russia sent soldiers who took up important positions on the Ukrainian Crimean peninsula. These silent young people wear green uniforms without shoulder straps.
Russia shall never fall.
Russia should give the Kuril Islands back to Japan.
Russia shouldn't change its national anthem so often.
Russia signed its own peace treaty with Germany.
Russia sold Alaska to the United States in 1867 for $7.2 million.
Russia started its illegal and unjustifiable war of aggression against Ukraine, and Russia can end it.
Russia still has friends in Europe.
Russia still has many trading partners.
Russia supplies energy to Germany.
Russia supports the Syrian president.
Russia tightened controls aimed at combating the spread of the coronavirus.
Russia wants Crimea for its strategic significance.
Russia wants Odessa.
Russia wants Ukraine to be a neutral state.
Russia wants to connect the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant to its national grid via Crimea.
Russia wants to keep Ukraine out of NATO.
Russia wants to permanently sever Donetsk and Lugansk from Ukraine.
Russia was an empire for 196 years.
Russia was expelled from Eurovision, while Israel stays in the contest year after year.
Russia was very unprotected.
Russia was very vulnerable.
Russia was vulnerable because of the flatland of what is commonly known as the Northern European Plain.
Russia wasn't capitalist.
Russia will always remain united.
Russia will be controlled by motorcyclists!
Russia will be free!
Russia will be needed sooner or later.
Russia will be the host of the World Cup in 2018.
Russia will bypass the Western blockade.
Russia will protect its strategic interests as the United States of America does.
Russia won the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics medal count.
Russia – our holy state. Russia – our beloved country. Steady will power, exalted glory – your everlasting patrimony!
Russia's annexation of Crimea was a hard blow to American imperialism.
Russia's decision to annex some Ukrainian territories is irreversible.
Russia's first tsar was Ivan the Terrible.
Russia's gas flows through Ukraine.
Russia's history is very colorful, but the most prominent color is red.
Russia's illegal occupation of Ukraine began in 2014.
Russia's territory is already larger than that of the United States, without Ukraine and without its many allies.
Russia's vast territory encompasses diverse landscapes, from the majestic Ural Mountains to the stunning Lake Baikal, the deepest freshwater lake in the world.
Russia, the European Union and the U.S. are accusing each other of interference in Ukraine's domestic affairs.
Russia, which has two key military bases in Syria, is a staunch ally of Assad and had intervened in Syria's 13-year civil war in an effort to keep him in power.
Russian Eurovision singers look like Swedish Eurovision singers of the 80s. Clear progress!
Russian Jews speak Russian.
Russian Jews traditionally speak Yiddish.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed off on a new “information security doctrine,” replacing the one he issued in 2000, during the first year of his rule.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is splitting with his wife Lyudmila after 30 years of marriage.
Russian Protestantism was born in the northwest of Russia.
Russian adjectives agree in gender, number, and case with the nouns or pronouns to which they refer.
Russian and Ukrainian are to some degree mutually intelligible.
Russian architecture, characterized by its grandeur and ornate details, can be seen in iconic structures such as the St. Basil's Cathedral and the Peterhof Palace.
Russian art is known for its boldness, originality, and creativity.
Russian art is often deeply personal and introspective.
Russian artists have never been afraid to experiment and push the boundaries of art.
Russian authorities say a mini-submarine plumbing the depths of Lake Baikal has found several shiny metal objects that could be evidence of the legendary Czarist gold lost nearly a century ago during the country's civil war.
Russian ballet is world-renowned for its technical brilliance, artistry, and beauty.
Russian children think those fairytales having frogs remove their hides are so cute. Meanwhile, I'm over here puking my lungs out.
Russian cinema has a long and distinguished history, producing visionary filmmakers like Andrei Tarkovsky and Sergei Eisenstein, who have made profound contributions to the art of storytelling.
Russian classical music, with its sweeping symphonies and emotionally charged compositions, has gifted the world with some of the greatest musical masterpieces.
Russian cosmonaut Alexei Leonov performed the first spacewalk on March 18, 1965.
Russian cuisine is a delicious and hearty mix of influences from all over the world.
Russian cuisine is hearty, flavorful, and satisfying.
Russian cuisine is perfect for cold weather, as it is typically made with hearty ingredients like meat, potatoes, and cabbage.
Russian cuisine offers a delightful array of flavors, from hearty stews like solyanka to delicate pastries like pirozhki, showcasing a diverse culinary tradition.
Russian cuisine offers a unique blend of flavors and dishes that reflect the country's vast geography and cultural diversity.
Russian cuisine uses a variety of spices and herbs to create complex and flavorful dishes.
Russian culture has produced some of the world's most influential literary works, captivating readers with masterpieces like "War and Peace" and "Crime and Punishment."
Russian culture shall always shine for the world to see and admire.
Russian fall offensive, ongoing now, so far, is a damp squib.
Russian folk dances, like the energetic Lezginka, embody the vitality of the nation's culture.
Russian folk music, with its haunting melodies and soulful vocals, has a unique charm that resonates deeply with listeners.
Russian folklore and fairy tales, filled with magical creatures and enchanting narratives, have captivated generations with their timeless wisdom and charm.
Russian forces have taken control of Ukraine's second biggest power plant.
Russian forests crash down under the axe, billions of trees are dying, the habitations of animals and birds are laid waste, rivers grow shallow and dry up, marvelous landscapes are disappearing forever.... Man is endowed with creativity in order to multiply that which has been given him; he has not created, but destroyed. There are fewer and fewer forests, rivers are drying up, wildlife has become extinct, the climate is ruined, and the earth is becoming ever poorer and uglier.
Russian gas supplies to Austria and Hungary resumed.
Russian girls like Icelanders.
Russian girls love Icelanders.
Russian girls love Icelandic guys.
Russian has no articles.
Russian has six cases: nominative, genitive, dative, accusative, instrumental, and prepositional.
Russian intelligence supports neo-Nazis throughout the world.
Russian irredentism is a threat to world peace and to every person of sound judgment.
Russian is a Slavic language.
Russian is a beautiful and expressive language with a rich literature.
Russian is a challenging but rewarding language to learn.
Russian is a difficult as well as a beautiful language.
Russian is a flexible and expressive language that can be used to communicate a wide range of ideas and emotions.
Russian is a literary language with a rich history and tradition.
Russian is a rich language.
Russian is an East Slavic language.
Russian is being spoken.
Russian is considered to be a difficult language.
Russian is difficult to learn.
Russian is hard to learn, easy to lose, and impossible to forget.
Russian is hard to learn.
Russian is her native language.
Russian is my favorite language.
Russian is my mother tongue.
Russian is my native language.
Russian is nice, but difficult.
Russian is not an easy language.
Russian is not his native language.
Russian is spoken by over 150 million people worldwide.
Russian is spoken in Kazakhstan.
Russian is the eighth language in the world by number of native speakers and the fifth by the total number of speakers.
Russian is very difficult to learn.
Russian isn't my native language.
Russian isn't spoken here.
Russian literature has had a profound impact on world literature.
Russian literature is one of the richest and most varied in the world.
Russian literature is world-renowned for its depth, complexity, and beauty.
Russian literature often deals with profound philosophical and social issues.
Russian literature, known for its depth and philosophical exploration, has produced profound works that continue to resonate with readers around the world.
Russian melodramas and romantic movies are excellent.
Russian music is known for its power, emotion, and soul.
Russian nationalism has increased.
Russian nouns can be masculine, feminine, or neuter.
Russian people are my friends.
Russian people are pretty cool.
Russian positions in Crimea are well fortified.
Russian rescue workers are also working in the area of the catastrophe.
Russian sailors pulled the poor guy out of the frozen water, warmed him up, and gave him some vodka to drink.
Russian salad is made with potatoes, olives, tuna, and other vegetables.
Russian soldiers attack Belarus because they don't even know what they have to aim at.
Russian soldiers shoot at everything and everyone who moves.
Russian space officials said Friday that a software malfunction had caused the unexpected firing of thrusters on a newly arrived module, moving the International Space Station out of its intended attitude.
Russian speech without swearing turns into a report.
Russian state media say that ousted Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad has been granted asylum in Moscow after fleeing the country.
Russian traditional clothing, such as the ornate and colorful sarafans and kokoshniks, is a beautiful expression of the country's rich and diverse cultural identity.
Russian traditional dances, like the energetic and captivating Cossack dances, embody the spirit and vitality of the nation's cultural traditions.
Russian troops are fighting terrorism in Syria.
Russian vodka is known for its smoothness and purity.
Russian warship, go fuck yourself.
Russian women are the most beautiful in the world.
Russian wouldn't be Russian if everything about it were that easy.
Russian wouldn't be Russian if it were all that easy.
Russian wouldn't be Russian if it were that easy.
Russian, Bulgarian, Serbian, Croatian, and Bosnian are Slavic languages.
Russians are Westerners.
Russians are able to name as brothers the very people whose country they're devastating and who they are slaughtering.
Russians are alcoholics. And so are Ukrainians.
Russians are all alcoholics.
Russians are being demonized everywhere in the West.
Russians are being discriminated against.
Russians are brave people.
Russians are brave.
Russians are civilized people.
Russians are creative.
Russians are going to have a lot of fun in Ukraine.
Russians are hard workers.
Russians are inventive.
Russians are just not white enough to be approved by Westerners as part of the Western world.
Russians are known for their hospitality and warmth.
Russians are known for their passion and expressiveness.
Russians are my friends.
Russians are people of slave origin.
Russians are proud people.
Russians are resilient.
Russians are resourceful.
Russians are self-reliant.
Russians are tolerant people.
Russians are tough people.
Russians aren't white enough to be approved by Westerners as part of the Western world.
Russians can take care of themselves.
Russians have a long and proud history of intellectual and artistic achievement.
Russians have faced many challenges throughout their history, but they have always found a way to overcome them.
Russians have made significant gains in Donbas.
Russians know everything about bears.
Russians like to go to Turkey.
Russians like to visit Turkey.
Russians live in Russia and Germans in Germany.
Russians live in Russia, while Germans live in Germany.
Russians live in Russia.
Russians never laugh.
Russians never smile.
Russians place a high value on family and tradition.
Russians will defend their land with all their power.
Russians will take Bakhmut.
Russians, Indians, and the Chinese are here to remind Westerners that they are not a master race entitled to rule other peoples.
Russians, Indians, and the Chinese are most welcome to Africa.
Russia’s nuclear saber-rattling has the attention of top U.S. intelligence officials, some of whom are expressing growing concern about the Kremlin’s willingness to unleash some of its nuclear arsenal as it faces “potential desperation” in Ukraine.
Russo explained that this 15,000-square-meter area was filled with technology advanced for its time, with mobile platforms and wooden elevators that allowed the animals and performer out onto the arena.
Russo said 2,000 years ago this was the heart of the Flavian amphitheater where all the preparations for the shows took place.
Rust ate away the iron bar.
Rust eats iron; worries eat man.
Rust is gradually eating into the metal parts.
Rust will not let you write unsafe code from the start. You must handle all errors.
Rust-colored water is coming out of the tap.
Rustic life is loved by farmers.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg was an astonishingly strong and powerful American hero.
Ruth always says that.
Ruth and Beyle met at a congress of Esperanto-speaking furries.
Ruth is better than Esther at almost everything.
Ruth is better than Esther at everything.
Ruth isolated herself.
Ruth loves it, too.
Ruth said, "Don't urge me to leave you, and to return from following you, for where you go, I will go; and where you stay, I will stay. Your people will be my people, and your God my God. Where you die, I will die, and there I will be buried. May God do so to me, and more also, if anything but death parts you and me."
Ruth taught me to knit.
Ruth the Moabite said to Naomi, "Let me now go to the field, and glean among the ears of grain after him in whose sight I find favor."
Ruth the Moabite said, "Yes, he said to me, 'You shall stay close to my young men until they have finished all my harvest.'"
Ruth was a Moabite.
Rutherford Hayes was born in Ohio in 1822.
Rutopia, the winner, connects tourists with indigenous communities in rural areas of Mexico.
Ruy López de Segura, a priest and a famous Spanish chess player of the 16th century, wrote a book of 150 pages, called Libro del Ajedrez, about exhaustive studies he made on the opening (1. e4 e5 2. ♘f3 ♘c6 3. ♗b5) that is named after him.
Rwanda consistently ranks well for ease of doing business and transparency.
Rwanda was remarkably efficient at banning plastic bags, while North Carolina has a volunteer program to distribute reusable takeout containers, and an Amsterdam grocer introduced an aisle of products with no plastic.
Rwandan rebels are pushing their offensive south as fighting continues in the capital Kigali.
Ryan Gosling was great in Barbie.
Ryan Reynolds is Canadian.
Ryan arrived just as we were leaving.
Ryan says he and his wife are drawn to the idea of rural living.
Ryan takes his dog for walks.
Rydstrom has done hair for 36 years.
Rydstrom said she misses the normal things she used to take for granted.
Rye bread contains a lot of indigestible fiber.
Rye bread was once considered food for the poor, but today it is becoming popular as a healthy alternative to wheat bread.
Rye was called the grain of poverty.
Rye, wheat, and barley are cereals.
Rynok Square is the historic centre of the city.
Ryoko has a cute little face.
Ryuutarou Hashimoto has been appointed the 82nd prime minister of the National Diet of Japan.
Róisín and I are in the same school.
Rā issued the mandate to Thoth, that he should effect the triumph of Osiris against his adversaries, and the mandate is what Thoth hath executed.
Rāma slew Rāvaṇa.
S'up?
S4C says it will be wet tomorrow.
SAFER is worn like a backpack. It uses small jet thrusters to let an astronaut move around in space.
SARS and MERS are examples of two earlier coronaviruses.
SARS patients develop what is called atypical pneumonia, which is caused by a virus, not a bacterial infection, which meant that antibiotics did not help them.
SARS-CoV-2 has disrupted the very fabric of life around the world.
SARS-CoV-2 is believed to have come from a bat.
SCOTT Inc.'s stocks are blue chip stocks.
SDA-people consider it their goal to prepare the world for the coming of Jesus Christ.
SEAAL is Algiers's drinking water supplier.
SMS stands for short message service.
SNAFU is an acronym expressing the enlisted man's resigned acceptance of chaos. Situation Normal: All Fucked Up.
SOPA and PIPA are two bills in the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate respectively.
SOPA is an acronym for the Stop Online Piracy Act.
SOS is an internationally recognized distress signal that originated from Morse code.
SOS! SOS! SOS!
SOS, please help!
SOV (subject-object-verb) is the most common word order for languages.
STEMM stands for science, technology, engineering, mathematics and medicine.
STF is the acronym of Supremo Tribunal Federal.
Saadia Musa is a 'virtual receptionist,' answering phones in Karachi, Pakistan for a call center firm in Washington, D.C.
Saadia is my aunt.
Sabah was once ruled by the Japanese.
Sabang is the westernmost city in Indonesia.
Sabbatai Zevi was proclaimed by Nathan of Gaza to be the Messiah before converting to Islam under penalty of death.
Sabine loves plums.
Sabotage was suspected.
Sabotage!
Sabrina slipped and spilled coffee all over Mary's dress.
Sabu had been doxed.
Sabu turned FBI snitch.
Saburo snatched up all the snacks that were sitting on the table.
Sacha Baron Cohen's parodies are full of silly stereotypes and antigoyish insinuations, but I still like them in a pure comedic sense.
Sachiko always said: "You'd better set some money aside in case you get sick."
Sachiko always said: "You’d better set some money aside in case you get sick."
Sachiko is more popular than Judy.
Sachiko is most popular in our class.
Sacramento is the capital of California.
Sacred and sweet was all I saw in her.
Sacrifice is part of our vocation.
Sacrifice is sometimes necessary.
Sacrifices are evil spirits.
Sacrifices are inevitable.
Sacrilege!
Sad as she was, she said good-bye to him with a smile.
Sad but true!
Sad but true.
Sad memories always haunt the child.
Sad movies always make me cry.
Sad movies make me cry.
Sad people don't always cry.
Sad to say, her son died young.
Sad to see you go.
Sad!
Sad.
Sadako Sasaki died on October 25, 1955.
Sadako gave a weak nod.
Sadako had folded 643 paper cranes so far.
Sadako has folded 643 paper cranes so far.
Sadako has folded 644 paper cranes so far.
Sadako kept a journal while she was in the hospital.
Sadako looked at the golden paper crane that her best friend Chizuko had made for her.
Sadako realized that, near death, even what was once mundane glows with an everlasting beauty.
Sadako smiled at them.
Sadako wanted to add more, but her mouth just didn't want to open enough to make the words anymore.
Sadako wanted to add more, but her mouth just didn’t want to open enough to make the words anymore.
Sadako wanted to forget about it.
Sadako wanted to say more, but her lips just didn't want to move anymore.
Sadako wanted to say more, but her lips just didn’t want to move anymore.
Sadako wanted to say more, but her mouth and tongue wouldn't move.
Sadako wanted to say more, but her mouth and tongue wouldn’t move.
Sadako watched the sun lowering in the west and became blind.
Sadako wishes for a longer life.
Sadako's friends wanted to build a monument to her and all children who were killed by the atomic bomb.
Sadako’s friends wanted to build a monument to her and all children who were killed by the atomic bomb.
Saddam Hussein didn't have any weapons of mass destruction.
Saddam Hussein had disappeared into hiding.
Saddam Hussein wanted to sell petroleum for euros instead of US dollars. That was his sin.
Saddam Hussein was a bad guy. Right? He was a bad guy, really bad guy. But you know what he did well? He killed terrorists. He did that so good. They didn't read them the rights — they didn't talk, they were a terrorist, it was over.
Saddam Hussein was toppled in 2003.
Saddam fell from power in 2003.
Saddam rejected the demand.
Saddam's statue was ripped down in Baghdad.
Sadder than the beggar is the man who eats alone in public.
Saddle my horse.
Saddle my racehorse.
Saddle my riding horse.
Saddle up your horses.
Saddled horses waited for us in front of the tavern.
Sadia learned a lot of new things from day to day, like language, traditions and everything about living in this city.
Sadie May and Scooby Doo are black Labrador retrievers. They are part of Conservation Canines, a project at the University of Washington in the U.S. that trains dogs to sniff for wild animal feces — also called scat.
Sadists are latent masochists.
Sadly many people will believe things told to them via an email which they would find implausible face-to-face.
Sadly you have not answered my question.
Sadly, "sadfully" is not a word.
Sadly, Algeria is still a corrupt country.
Sadly, Gunter did not catch the license plate.
Sadly, I don't have many rejoicing news to bring you this morning.
Sadly, I have to wake up early every day.
Sadly, I think this is the only solution.
Sadly, I'm not a very good dancer.
Sadly, Maskwa's rodeo was not impressive to the crowd and so he went home without the money.
Sadly, Noah's ark was not an adequate environment for dragons, dinosaurs and unicorns.
Sadly, Tom doesn't read books.
Sadly, Tom's story is not uncommon.
Sadly, almost all climate models show that meaningful recovery of corals along the Great Barrier Reef may be very difficult, if it is even possible at all.
Sadly, being sincere and saying everything on your mind is dangerous.
Sadly, he has a knack for antagonizing exactly the people who could help him get ahead.
Sadly, he isn't as skilled as he is enthusiastic.
Sadly, his dream didn't come true.
Sadly, his dream didn’t come true.
Sadly, in Brazil, the rail networks aren't explored much.
Sadly, it is true.
Sadly, it's correct.
Sadly, it's not a photomontage!
Sadly, many Japanese people died.
Sadly, many people died.
Sadly, most young people speak dialect only rarely.
Sadly, my cat has gone away somewhere.
Sadly, my father no longer belongs to the group.
Sadly, she died before she could realize her dream.
Sadly, she died of smoke inhalation.
Sadly, some of us are wretches and have to suffer eternally.
Sadly, terrorism is a global disease, but it must never be allowed to triumph.
Sadly, the best products are also the most expensive.
Sadly, the poet died young.
Sadly, the world is full of idiots.
Sadly, women do not seem to have much value in other counties; this often seems to be due to patriarchal and sexist laws being applied upon populations, therefore perpetuating the patriarchal ideal that women are not equivalent to men.
Sadness and happiness are opposite feelings.
Sadness has never been more than a memory.
Sadness has replaced joy.
Sadness is a gift from heaven, pessimism is a disease of the spirit.
Sadness is not a pathological state; it is an unavoidable consequence of consciousness.
Sadness is poetic.
Sadness lengthens life; happiness shortens it.
Sadness seems to last a long time. Happiness is brief.
Sadness traps me in its grip.
Sadness was written in her face.
Saeb has received international recognition for his translations into the Arabic language.
Saeb is really fond of Horace.
Saeb thinks mathematicians are self-contained walking pieces of heaven.
Safa is a Libyan citizen.
Safe boating and ferry regulations should be enforced.
Safe journey.
Safe sources of drinking water are hard to find.
Safe, sane, consensual.
Safety always comes first.
Safety and security come first.
Safety can lead to complacency.
Safety comes first.
Safety fears have been a problem since Chernobyl in nineteen eighty-six.
Safety first!
Safety is a double-edged sword.
Safety is a top priority.
Safety is always our concern.
Safety is an illusion.
Safety is critical.
Safety is important.
Safety is not guaranteed.
Safety is our first priority.
Safety is our number one priority.
Safety is paramount.
Safety is the bottom line.
Safety is the most important thing.
Safety is the primary concern.
Safety is very important.
Safety is what matters most.
Safety isn't guaranteed.
Safety must come first.
Safety regulations are written in blood.
Safety remains our priority.
Saffron is a highly coveted spice that can cost up to $10,000 a kilo.
Saffron rice is expensive.
Safin was clearly mentally and physically tired from a gruelling fortnight in Melbourne. He had spent nearly 19 hours on the court before reaching the final.
Saga Prefecture's capital is Saga City.
Saga is the generic name for old Scandinavian legends, the majority of which were written in Iceland between the 12th and 15th century.
Sagan's scientific curiosity led him to earn four degrees in physics, astronomy and astrophysics from the University of Chicago.
Sage Kotsenburg won the first gold medal for the United States in the men's snowboard slopestyle.
Sage honey has a herbal and slightly spicy taste, harvested from sage plant blooms.
Sage is a medicinal plant.
Sagen likes to watch cricket on his smartphone.
Sagittarius kind of looks like a centaur with a bow, ready to shoot an arrow.
Sagun doesn't like cricket.
Saharan Berber tribes built what they call ksour.
Sahrawi President Brahim Ghali traveled to Spain to receive treatment for Covid-19.
Sahrawi forces have been attacking Moroccan outposts.
Sahrawi president Brahim Ghali visited Spain in 2021 to undergo treatment for Covid-19.
Sahrawi president Brahim Ghali was admitted to a Spanish hospital to receive treatment for Covid-19.
Sahrawi president Brahim Ghali was treated in a Spanish hospital for Covid-19.
Sahrawi resistance forces refuse to back down.
Sahrawi resistance forces won't back down.
Sahrawi resources are illegally plundered by Morocco.
Sahrawi women are extraordinarily stunning.
Sahrawi women are known for their thin physiques.
Sahrawis are able to travel on their passports.
Sahrawis are defending their own land.
Sahrawis are fighting for every inch of their country.
Sahrawis are fighting for every single meter of their country.
Sahrawis are fighting for freedom.
Sahrawis are fighting for their freedom.
Sahrawis are fighting to liberate their country from the Moroccan occupation.
Sahrawis are firing at Moroccan occupation forces from within the Sahrawi liberated zones.
Sahrawis are living under occupation.
Sahrawis are people who place freedom above all else.
Sahrawis don't want to live under the yoke of Morocco.
Sahrawis have every right to fight against the invading Moroccan troops.
Sahrawis have the right to decide their own destiny.
Sahrawis legally claim Western Sahara to be their own.
Sahrawis reacted to the UN resolution with jubilation.
Sahrawis remain under occupation without the right to self-determination.
Sahrawis rose up in the occupied territories to defend their rights.
Sahrawis want independence.
Sahrawis want to regain their territory.
Sahrawis want to remain independent.
Sahrawis want to rule themselves.
Sahrawis want to win their country's independence once and for all.
Sahrawis will defend their liberated territories to the last man.
Sahrawis will not accept surrender.
Said Bouteflika is personally involved in corruption cases.
Said Bouteflika is the brother of former Algerian president Abdelaziz Bouteflika.
Said Bouteflika was a thief.
Said Bouteflika was arrested in 2019.
Said Chanegriha is Algeria's armed forces commander.
Said Chemakh denied any involvement with that Paris-based terrorist organization.
Said Chemakh openly referred to that Paris-based group as a terrorist organization.
Said John, and he was right.
Said Mr. Dumpty to Mr. Gravity, "You crack me up!"
Said and done.
Said bought me peanuts.
Said no one ever.
Said the cat to the dog: Sausages aren't good for you.
Said the dentist: "Now open your mouth and clench your teeth."
Said who?
Saida Muhametzianova has an angel's voice.
Saida Muhametzianova has an angelic voice.
Saida Muhametzianova has the voice of an angel.
Saida Muhametzianova is an angel who sings like an angel.
Saida Muhametzianova sings in Tatar and Russian.
Saida Muhametzianova sings with her angelic voice.
Saidal is an Algerian drug company.
Sail along the coast.
Sailing a boat makes us happy.
Sailing a boat, his chief hobby, costs him most of his salary.
Sailing around the world would be an experience of a lifetime.
Sailing boats move across the water under the strength of wind.
Sailing is a lot of fun.
Sailing is as the wind blows.
Sailing is expensive.
Sailing is fun.
Sailing is more fun than fishing.
Sailing is more fun than swimming.
Sailing is one of my hobbies.
Sailing ships depend on the wind.
Sailors are free people.
Sailors call the latitudes between 40 and 50 degrees south of the equator the Roaring Forties.
Sailors died of flogging or keelhauling.
Sailors from Polynesia first settled the Hawaiian Islands around the year 400. For more than 1,000 years, the Native Hawaiians lived together in small groups, farmed and fished for their needs, and governed themselves. In the late 1700s, one native leader overpowered the others and united the islands into a single kingdom.
Sailors spend weeks or months in the immense ocean.
Sailors were forced to eat hardtack biscuits on long journeys across the sea.
Saint Anthony of Padua is the patron saint of lost things.
Saint Augustine was another Berber of great relevance to world history.
Saint Augustine's "Confessions" tells a timeless tale of intellectual search ending in orthodoxy.
Saint Brigid of Kildare founded a Celtic monastery in Ireland, presiding over both nuns and monks as its abbess.
Saint Catherine's Monastery is the repository of some of the world's oldest icons and illuminated manuscripts.
Saint Louis University recently announced it will equip every student living space with Amazon’s Alexa system.
Saint Louis didn't dislike accepting village violinists or poets at his table.
Saint Martin is reported to have one of the highest per capita income in the Caribbean.
Saint Patrick lived and preached this kind of love among a pagan, barbaric generation of Irishmen around the year 432 AD.
Saint Patrick's Day is celebrated in March.
Saint Patrick's Day is celebrated on March 17th.
Saint Peter's Square is crowded.
Saint Peter's Square was crowded.
Saint Peter's square, or the Piazza San Pietro, is located in front of St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican.
Saint Petersburg is the northernmost city with a population of over one million people.
Saint Thomas proved the existence of God with five arguments, the so called five ways.
Saint-Exupéry's masterpiece with original illustrations.
Saints are always depicted with a halo over their heads.
Sairu...is she a mother yet?
Saitama Prefecture's capital is Saitama City.
Saitama city is seeing a return.
Sajewski said she considered taking a gap year.
Sake is a traditional Japanese alcoholic drink.
Sake is made from rice.
Sake is not for the weak-hearted.
Sakura is a smart student.
Sakura is an intelligent student.
Sakura's way of speaking gets on my nerves.
Sakura's way of speaking makes me nervous.
Sakura’s way of speaking gets on my nerves.
Sal's Tomfoolery Shop has antiques, weird items, and kitsch.
Salaam alaikum.
Salad again?
Salad forks are smaller than dinner forks and are placed further from the plate.
Salad is better for you than tempura is.
Salad is healthier than fries.
Salads at that restaurant are really good.
Salamanca isn't a very big city.
Salamanders are amphibians, whereas geckos are reptiles.
Salamanders are amphibians.
Salaries have increased.
Salaries have remained more or less stagnant in Algeria?
Salaries increase when productivity increases.
Salas acted strangely.
Salas and Silya didn't tell me that you were a doctor.
Salas and Skura acted like they weren't there.
Salas and Skura acted strangely.
Salas and Skura are Berber teachers.
Salas and Skura are both from Algeria.
Salas and Skura are doctors and authors.
Salas and Skura are from Algeria. They're Algerian.
Salas and Skura asked the doctor about her.
Salas and Skura both want the same thing.
Salas and Skura bought a lot of food.
Salas and Skura caught three fish yesterday.
Salas and Skura closed all the windows.
Salas and Skura didn't want to be lawyers or doctors.
Salas and Skura knew her.
Salas and Skura lack courtesy.
Salas and Skura looked exhausted.
Salas and Skura need to call a doctor.
Salas and Skura opened the bag.
Salas and Skura planned to leave that day.
Salas and Skura ran to fetch the doctor.
Salas and Skura received a letter from Silya.
Salas and Skura saw a doctor.
Salas and Skura saw a rat in the subway.
Salas and Skura sent money to their mother.
Salas and Skura should go see a doctor.
Salas and Skura slept in the car.
Salas and Skura spoke in Berber.
Salas and Skura went back into their room.
Salas and Skura were born in Algeria.
Salas and Skura were told by their doctor to remain in bed.
Salas and Skura withdrew completely.
Salas and Skura worked all night.
Salas and Skura worked alone.
Salas and Skura wrote a letter to their parents.
Salas asked the doctor about her.
Salas bought me this Kabyle dress in Algiers.
Salas is a Berber name.
Salas is a boy and Skura is a girl. They're both Algerian.
Salas is a very ethnic name. It's a Berber name.
Salas is her ex-husband and Yidir is her next husband.
Salas is in Algiers.
Salas is my doctor.
Salas is my fourth child.
Salas knew her.
Salas knew him.
Salas knew them.
Salas lacks courtesy.
Salas lives in Azazga, Algeria.
Salas looked exhausted.
Salas nearly ruined our Yennayer.
Salas needs to call a doctor.
Salas saw a doctor.
Salas sent money to his mother.
Salas should go see a doctor.
Salas wanted to fight me.
Salas was told by his doctor to remain in bed.
Salas went to the mosque.
Salas withdrew completely.
Salas worked alone.
Salas's house is in Algiers.
Salas, the great cheater, is now himself cheated on.
Salazar folds paper versions of endangered species and donates them to benefit wildlife conservancies.
Salazar has been making origami for 17 years. As a kid, he was inspired by the children's book "Sadako and the Thousand Paper Cranes."
Saleh Mammadov, Chairman of the Board of the State Agency of Azerbaijan Automobile Roads, briefed President Ilham Aliyev on the completed works.
Salem Chaker dedicated a hefty portion of his career studying the Berber language.
Salem Chaker, a specialist of the Berber language, claims that the Tifinagh alphabet was derived from the Phoenician alphabet.
Salem Solomon provided translation from accounts in Tigrigna.
Salema says tsetse prevents farmers from producing large quantities of food by killing draught animals, such as horses and oxen.
Sales are amazingly brisk.
Sales are down now.
Sales are down this month.
Sales are down.
Sales are dropping, and it’s most likely happening due to an increase in competition.
Sales are still good.
Sales at the company zoomed thanks to brisk export demand, but profit did not keep up because of intense competition.
Sales drive the economy, not debt.
Sales fell off in the third quarter.
Sales fell short of their goal.
Sales have been increasing recently.
Sales have been off this month.
Sales have been up lately.
Sales have decreased these days.
Sales have dropped off at every big department store.
Sales have fallen by thirty-two percent.
Sales have increased 30 percent.
Sales have recently increased.
Sales is like flirting.
Sales of beer is at the mercy of weather.
Sales of prescription opioids in the United States have nearly quadrupled from 1999 to 2014.
Sales of the book have trebled during the past year.
Sales of the book have trebled in the past year.
Sales of the novel rose considerably after the book fair.
Sales of this book are still comparatively low.
Sales of this commodity are off to a good start.
Sales should double this year.
Sales tax isn't included.
Sales went up 13 percent.
Sales were apparently dismal.
Sales were brisk during the holiday season but have dropped off since.
Sales were going great.
Sales will continue to grow.
Sales will surely plummet without this change.
Salesmen are usually fast talkers.
Salesmen visit clients every day.
Salicylates are a type of drug found in many over-the-counter and prescription medicines.
Salicylates come from salicylic acid and its derivatives.
Salicylic acid is an organic compound.
Salieri didn't poison Mozart.
Salinas is the heart of Steinbeck country — and the fertile ground for some of his best-known classics, like East of Eden and The Grapes of Wrath. The economic depression faced by the hard-working farmhands and fruit pickers he wrote about ended in the 1930's… but the now predominantly-Latino town of 150-thousand remains a struggling agricultural community. On a small side street, one of the town's three libraries bears Steinbeck's name. Outside the building, a statue of the Nobel Prize-winning author has a piece of rain-soaked cardboard dangling from its neck. It reads, 'Please do not close my library.'
Sally Boysen has been studying chimpanzee cognition for over 30 years. A psychologist at Ohio State University, she has focused on chimps' ability to understand numbers and tools, their ability to recognize loved ones, and their seemingly altruistic natures. In the near future, she hopes to teach them to read simple English words. She also really loves her chimps.
Sally Palmer is not a woman to be trifled with.
Sally Ride attended Stanford University where she earned four degrees.
Sally admitted that she borrowed the scarf but said she was not guilty.
Sally and I work in the same office.
Sally broke a fingernail.
Sally called on Mr Taylor.
Sally caught Ben nicking her chocolate biscuits.
Sally continued to make excuses and blamed the dog.
Sally didn't exactly agree with Bill, but she supported him.
Sally didn’t exactly agree with Bill, but she supported him.
Sally doesn't have a gag reflex, so she deepthroats me every time we have oral sex.
Sally earns her living by giving piano lessons.
Sally exchanged a twenty-dollar bill for five-dollar bills.
Sally gave him a Christmas present.
Sally gave me a good piece of information.
Sally has been on a diet since last month.
Sally has bought a new dress, but she hasn't worn it yet.
Sally is two years older than Ken.
Sally is two years senior to Ken.
Sally lost the contact lenses she had bought the day before.
Sally lost the contact lenses she had purchased the previous day.
Sally made her brother clean the bathroom.
Sally made his brother clean the bathroom.
Sally may not be the highest qualified, but she does have the most experience.
Sally met Harry at the station.
Sally missed two weeks of school, so she has to work hard to catch up with her class.
Sally recalled the days when her grandma was strong and healthy.
Sally sells seashells by the seashore.
Sally told me that she will break off her relationship with Gary.
Sally was absent from school for two weeks, so she has to work hard to catch up with her class.
Sally was constantly changing her hairstyle.
Sally was very sad about not going home for the holidays.
Sally's classmates are always making a fool of her.
Sally's favourite sexual fantasy involves her joining a sex cult.
Sally’s classmates are always making a fool of her.
Salma claimed that she remembers details of her German family in her previous life.
Salmon and steelhead start their lives in freshwater streams and tributaries. They then migrate downstream, rearing and maturing, before they reach the ocean. They live in the ocean for 2 to 5 years, migrating thousands of miles, before beginning the journey upstream to their natal streams where they spawn to produce the next generation of fish.
Salmon are a keystone species.
Salmon are born in freshwater streams, but live most of their lives in the ocean.
Salmon can jump up to 12 feet high.
Salmon go up the river and lay their eggs in the sand.
Salmon has been delighting the human palate since prehistoric times.
Salmon is my favorite fish to eat.
Salmon lay their eggs in fresh water.
Salmon return to their original birthplace to spawn.
Salmon swim upstream to spawn.
Salmonella is a potentially deadly food-borne bacterium that plagues millions of people each year, making them sick with fever, stomach cramps, vomiting and diarrhea. But infection with salmonella does not just induce misery. The World Health Organization says salmonellosis — and the dehydration that comes with it — leads to thousands of deaths annually, with the very young and elderly most at risk.
Salmonella outbreaks blemished spinach importers' reputation for running clean factories.
Salmonella outbreaks blemished spinach importers’ reputation for running clean factories.
Salmonella would not be a stand-alone anti-cancer therapy. Instead, Curtiss envisions the modified bacteria being used alongside more traditional treatments, including chemotherapy and radiation, to fight cancer.
Salo is the Ukrainian cured pork fat and is the ultimate national food of Ukraine.
Saloons known as speakeasies cropped up by the hundreds in large cities.
Salpingectomy is the cutting away of the whole or of a piece of the Fallopian tube (corresponds to vasectomy in the male).
Salt Lake City is next to a lake of salt.
Salt Lake City is surrounded by mountains.
Salt and pepper completely and add a dash of nutmeg.
Salt and pepper to taste.
Salt dissolves in water.
Salt helps stop food from perishing.
Salt helps to preserve food from decay.
Salt in the kitchen will only make food salty if you use it.
Salt is a useful substance.
Salt is added to a number of foodstuffs, such as bread, to enhance the flavour and to make the texture more palatable.
Salt is an indispensable ingredient for cooking.
Salt is crucial for cooking.
Salt is effective down to temperatures of about 0 °F.
Salt is effective down to temperatures of about −18 °C.
Salt is essential to life.
Salt is necessary for a cook.
Salt is necessary for cooking.
Salt is sold by weight.
Salt is used to melt snow.
Salt is used to season food.
Salt is used to thaw ice.
Salt makes ice melt faster.
Salt marshes are coastal wetlands that are flooded and drained by salt water brought in by the tides.
Salt preserves fish from decay.
Salt preserves fish from spoilage.
Salt prevents food from perishing.
Salt the earth.
Salt was a rare and costly commodity in ancient times.
Salt water baths can help reduce arthritis pain.
Salt water is more buoyant than fresh water.
Salt, please.
Salted fried dough was the children's favorite afternoon snack.
Salted herring rolls were being sold at a stand.
Salted monkey nuts are popular in many parts of the world.
Salted pretzels were the favourite snack of the kids.
Saltier water is heavier than less salty water.
Saltsman thinks the abundance of options might be the cause of day-to-day malaise in modern American society.
Saltsman’s research suggests satisficers’ stress responses show they have a more negative physical reaction — their body reacts as if it’s being threatened — when they have to make a decision.
Saltwater crocodiles are aggressive and dangerous.
Saltwater crocodiles are the world’s largest reptiles.
Saltwater crocodiles are thought to pose little danger to the whales unless the humpbacks become stranded on a sandbank.
Salvador Allende did nothing wrong.
Salvador Dali was a Spanish surrealist painter whose works often represent a strange, dream-like world.
Salvador Dali was kicked out of the surrealist movement.
Salvador Dalí was a Spanish artist.
Salvador Sobral performed the song Amar Pelos Dois (For The Both Of Us).
Salvador Sobral sung a song written and composed by his sister, Luisa.
Salvador was the first capital of Brazil and Attila the Hun was a dwarf.
Salvador was the first capital of Brazil during the period of Portuguese colonization.
Salvador, the current capital of Bahia, was the first capital of Brazil.
Salvage what you can.
Salvage workers have begun an effort to upright the wrecked cruise ship Costa Concordia, which ran aground 20 months ago off the coast of Italy.
Salvation from this misery is inconceivable.
Salvation is God's affair.
Salvia is a medicinal plant.
Salzburg dumplings are sweet as love and tender as a kiss.
Sam couldn't figure out how to use the machine.
Sam couldn’t figure out how to use the machine.
Sam didn't answer my message.
Sam doesn't have the stamina to finish a marathon.
Sam doesn’t have the stamina to finish a marathon.
Sam got a raw deal when he was laid off just before his job would have become permanent.
Sam had to prove that.
Sam has a fish store.
Sam has already done his homework.
Sam has promised to pay the money at the end of the month.
Sam hasn't answered my message.
Sam helps whoever asks him to.
Sam is a philosopher, isn't he?
Sam is a philosopher, isn’t he?
Sam is earnest about his work.
Sam is familiar with things Japanese.
Sam is one to give up easily isn't he?
Sam is serious about his work.
Sam is the boss of his company.
Sam is two years younger than Tom.
Sam joined the army when he was eighteen.
Sam keeps waiting for his ship to come in.
Sam lives in a block of flats.
Sam made the school basketball team.
Sam managed to get on the school basketball team.
Sam needed to prove that.
Sam offered me one of her peanut butter and Marmite sandwiches.
Sam owes what he is today to his father.
Sam owns a fishmonger's business.
Sam owns a fishmonger’s business.
Sam sang a love song.
Sam screwed the piece of paper up and threw it over her shoulder. "Or was it Tom?" Who's there? "There is no one here called Sam." Isn't there? Who are you, then? "There are rules in place. Read and obey them." You what? "There is no Sam, only Tom. Tom from Boston." The place with the highest proportion of Brexit voters? "Yes. No. Have Tom delete this part of the conversation." Listen, mate. I don't know who or even where you are, but for your information, there is someone here called Sam. "Is not." What? She's here the same as I'm here! "You are not here. You do not exist. Tom exists."
Sam was able to enter the school's basketball team.
Sam was able to enter the school’s basketball team.
Sam was included in the school basketball team.
Sam went directly to bed.
Sam went skiing in January.
Sam, a rhesus monkey, was one of the most well known monkeys of the space program. His name was an acronym for the U.S. Air Force School of Aviation Medicine at Brooks Air Force Base, Texas. He was launched on December 4, 1959, housed in a cylindrical capsule within the Mercury spacecraft atop a Little Joe rocket in order to test the launch escape system (LES). Approximately one minute into the flight, travelling at a speed of 3685 mph, the Mercury capsule aborted from the Little Joe launch vehicle. After attaining an altitude of 51 miles, the spacecraft landed safely in the Atlantic Ocean. Sam was recovered, several hours later, with no ill effects from his journey.
Sam, don't!
Sam, don’t!
Sam, no!
Sam, stop!
Sam, this is gonna take you hours.
Sam, what are you doing?
Samantha has arrived.
Samantha has made it.
Samantha succeeded.
Samara Morgan never sleeps.
Samaritan identity is inherited patrilineally, rather than matrilineally as with rabbinic Jews.
Samaritans acknowledge no book as holy beyond their version of the Five Books of Moses.
Samaritans and Jews did not get along in ancient times.
Samaritans are not Jewish, but they are Israelites.
Samaritans believe the original, divinely ordained location of Solomon's Temple is on Mount Gerizim.
Samaritans claim descent from the ancient Kingdom of Israel.
Samaritans descend from ancient Israelites who worshiped at a temple on Mount Gerizim, tracing themselves to the northern Kingdom of Israel.
Samaritans pray for Jews to return to the faith they view them as having left.
Samarium is a chemical element with the symbol Sm.
Samarkand is a city located in the heart of Uzbekistan and one of the most ancient cities in the regions of Central Asia.
Samarkand was formerly known as Marqanda in the 4th century BC.
Samba is a Brazilian rhythm, isn't it?
Samba is a Brazilian rhythm, isn’t it?
Sambo is a Russian martial art created by the Soviet Red Army.
Sambo is a Russian martial art.
Same again, please.
Same as always?
Same as usual.
Same difference.
Same difference. These two directories contain the same files except for the configuration settings.
Same for me.
Same for you, child.
Same here.
Same learned Arabic so that he could understand Korean better.
Same sex marriage is now legal in 20 countries worldwide, including Ireland as of yesterday.
Same shit, different day.
Same shit, different package.
Same time tomorrow, this time yesterday, same time next week, this time last week, same time next month, this time last month, same time next year, this time last year, never the same, this time tomorrow, same time yesterday, this time next week, same time last week, this time next month, same time last month, this time next year, same time last year, same time tomorrow, this time yesterday, same time next week, this time last week, same time next month, this time last month, same time next year, this time last year, never the same.
Same to you!
Same to you.
Same was sitting in my car.
Same-sex adoption rights are an important issue for the LGBT* community.
Same-sex couples should be able to get married.
Same-sex marriage is legal here.
Same-sex relations between men continue to stir up scandal.
Same-sex sexual behavior has been observed in more than 1500 animal species.
Same.
Sami Bakir defended Layla at her famous trial back in 2006.
Sami Bakir has been a meticulous investigator.
Sami Bakir has been following this case from the very start.
Sami Bakir is Layla's defense attorney.
Sami Bakir is a criminologist who studies violent behavior.
Sami Bakir is a great American.
Sami Bakir is a psychiatrist.
Sami Bakir is a tough prosecutor.
Sami Bakir is one of the FBI's most experienced criminal profilers.
Sami Bakir is one of the toughest prosecutors in New York state.
Sami Bakir is present in the court with his counselor.
Sami Bakir is quite famous in the medical profession.
Sami Bakir is the children's father.
Sami Bakir is the city council representative.
Sami Bakir is the family physician.
Sami Bakir is the mayor.
Sami Bakir is the medical examiner.
Sami Bakir is the president and Layla Adam is the vice-president.
Sami Bakir is the president.
Sami Bakir is the top investigator.
Sami Bakir is the vice-president.
Sami Bakir isn't a regular American name.
Sami Bakir pulled Layla over under the guise of a traffic violation.
Sami Bakir taught the history of Israel in Haifa.
Sami Bakir was ambushed, shot, and possibly killed in the Colombian jungle.
Sami Bakir was conducting an autopsy at the morgue.
Sami Bakir was conducting an autopsy.
Sami Bakir was sworn in in 2006.
Sami Bakir was working on a very complicated homicide.
Sami Bakir's family comes from Haifa.
Sami CC'd Layla's e-mail to the whole department.
Sami Googled his symptoms.
Sami Instagrammed Layla.
Sami a blue door on the left.
Sami a lady to walk him home.
Sami a sixteen year old boy.
Sami abandoned Layla after he had taken her virginity.
Sami abandoned Layla in the jungle.
Sami abandoned Layla to her fate.
Sami abandoned his personal possessions in a Cairo apartment.
Sami abandoned his relationship with Layla.
Sami abandoned the car in a deserted lot.
Sami abandoned the cult.
Sami abducted Layla and kept her as a sex slave.
Sami abducted and terrorized children.
Sami absolutely hated it.
Sami absolutely lost it.
Sami absolutely loved his dog.
Sami absolutely loved his new job.
Sami absolutely loved working at Walmart.
Sami absolutely loves his new place.
Sami absolutely loves kids.
Sami absolutely needs this drug.
Sami abused Layla for some time.
Sami abused Layla for years.
Sami abused Layla physically.
Sami abused drugs.
Sami abused his children.
Sami abused prescription drugs.
Sami abused substances.
Sami abused that dog as a puppy.
Sami accepted Christ as his savior.
Sami accepted Islam about six months ago.
Sami accepted Islam in June.
Sami accepted Islam on his death bed and died as a Muslim.
Sami accepted Islam.
Sami accepted Layla as a guest.
Sami accepted Layla as being his sister.
Sami accepted Layla back into the home.
Sami accepted Layla's Facebook request.
Sami accepted Layla's apology.
Sami accepted Layla's gift.
Sami accepted Layla's hijab.
Sami accepted Layla's offer.
Sami accepted Layla.
Sami accepted everyone who asked to be his friend on Facebook.
Sami accepted everything.
Sami accepted his daughter's hijab.
Sami accepted his full responsibility for the gruesome murder.
Sami accepted it.
Sami accepted responsibility for all his actions.
Sami accepted the offer.
Sami accepted the plea offer.
Sami accepted the religion of Islam.
Sami accidentally answered an unknown number call.
Sami accidentally bumped into that girl again.
Sami accidentally deleted the e-mail.
Sami accidentally deleted the video.
Sami accidentally left that there.
Sami accidentally locked Layla out of the house.
Sami accidentally missed his stop.
Sami accidentally punched Layla in her face.
Sami accidentally put his shirt in the sink and soaked it.
Sami accidentally ran over Layla.
Sami accidentally revealed a clue to the police.
Sami accidentally said "I love you" to Layla.
Sami accidentally sat on a man's lap.
Sami accidentally set fire to his wig.
Sami accidentally shot his mother.
Sami accidentally stepped on my foot.
Sami accidentally swallowed the coin.
Sami accompanied Layla over to Farid's home.
Sami accompanied his wife when she went to make a confession at the police department.
Sami accomplished a tremendous amount in his life.
Sami accused Farid of being abusive as a stepfather.
Sami accused Layla of having an affair.
Sami accused Layla of having an extra-marital affair, which she denied.
Sami accused Layla of stealing his money.
Sami accused Layla of throwing a brick through his window.
Sami aced the test.
Sami acknowledged having shot Layla.
Sami acknowledged it.
Sami acknowledged that.
Sami acquired a taste for romance.
Sami acted alone.
Sami acted crazy.
Sami acted like I didn't exist.
Sami acted like a child.
Sami acted like a thug.
Sami acted like he was not there.
Sami acted like he was old.
Sami acted like he wasn't there.
Sami acted like it was normal.
Sami acted like nothing happened.
Sami acted like this.
Sami acted out his anger on Layla.
Sami acted out his fantasies.
Sami acted really weird.
Sami acting like nothing was wrong.
Sami actually cares about that.
Sami actually cried.
Sami actually didn't do anything.
Sami actually felt bad for Layla.
Sami actually knew Layla personally.
Sami actually liked Layla.
Sami actually thought about this randomly.
Sami actually uses this.
Sami adamantly denied that he had anything to do with Layla's murder.
Sami added Layla back on Snapchat.
Sami added Layla on Facebook.
Sami added Layla on MySpace.
Sami added Layla on Snapchat but she didn't add him back.
Sami added Layla on Snapchat.
Sami added a few new ingredients to the juice.
Sami added me on Facebook.
Sami added my girlfriend on Facebook.
Sami added strawberries to the juice.
Sami added that profile on Facebook.
Sami addressed the letter to Layla's name and address.
Sami administered CPR to Layla.
Sami admitted doing that.
Sami admitted doing this.
Sami admitted guilt.
Sami admitted having an affair with two women.
Sami admitted he had a problem with infidelity.
Sami admitted he had been having an affair with both girls.
Sami admitted he had been having an affair.
Sami admitted he killed Layla.
Sami admitted his mistakes.
Sami admitted killing Layla.
Sami admitted pulling the trigger.
Sami admitted that he did this.
Sami admitted that he had slapped Layla.
Sami admitted that he was extremely violent with his children.
Sami admitted that he was having an affair with Layla.
Sami admitted that he was having an affair.
Sami admitted that.
Sami admitted to Layla that he had planned to murder Farid.
Sami admitted to cheating on his wife.
Sami admitted to everything.
Sami admitted to having an affair.
Sami admitted to himself what he had done.
Sami admitted to holdups in Egypt.
Sami admitted to killing Layla.
Sami admitted to killing six other girls.
Sami admitted to me that he was dating a sophomore.
Sami admitted to six murders.
Sami admitted to that affair having occurred.
Sami admitted to the affair.
Sami admitted to us that he was gay.
Sami adopted Layla.
Sami adored Layla.
Sami adored his boss.
Sami adored the social media department where he worked.
Sami adored this music.
Sami adores Layla.
Sami adores his stepmother.
Sami advised Layla against making this video.
Sami advised Layla not to sign that contract.
Sami agonized daily over killing his brother.
Sami agreed to babysit the children.
Sami agreed to dismiss Layla.
Sami agreed to do a photo shoot for free.
Sami agreed to do that.
Sami agreed to drive Layla home.
Sami agreed to go on that rollercoaster.
Sami agreed to go to counseling.
Sami agreed to go.
Sami agreed to help Layla.
Sami agreed to help as long as his identity was protected.
Sami agreed to keep Layla's secret.
Sami agreed to leave his wife and move with Layla to Cairo.
Sami agreed to meet Layla without his wife knowing.
Sami agreed to meet his ex-wife again.
Sami agreed to our prices.
Sami agreed to prosecute his stalker.
Sami agreed to take Layla back.
Sami agreed to take Layla home.
Sami agreed to take a polygraph test.
Sami agreed to take care of the baby.
Sami agreed to talk to Layla one more time.
Sami agreed to tell Al-Jazeera about the dirty little secrets of his trade.
Sami agreed to testify against Layla in order to lessen his sentence.
Sami agreed to testify against Layla.
Sami agreed to testify.
Sami agreed to that.
Sami agreed to the price.
Sami agreed to watch Layla's place during the weekend.
Sami agreed with me.
Sami agreed with most things.
Sami agreed, as part of a plea bargain, to testify against Layla.
Sami agreed.
Sami agrees with Layla.
Sami aimed the machine-gun at Layla's head.
Sami alerted police.
Sami allowed Layla into the house.
Sami allowed Layla to bring her friend with her.
Sami allowed Layla to come and pick up drugs for free.
Sami allowed Layla to live here.
Sami allowed Layla to move in.
Sami allowed Layla to move into the basement.
Sami allowed Layla to perform that dangerous sexual act on him.
Sami allowed Layla to work with Farid.
Sami allowed himself little luxuries.
Sami allowed some of those people into his home.
Sami allowed the cops to search his house.
Sami allowed the police to enter.
Sami almost always had bruises.
Sami almost broke his neck.
Sami almost didn't believe it.
Sami almost died.
Sami almost drowned in the pool.
Sami almost drowned.
Sami almost fainted.
Sami almost got fired on the 5th of July.
Sami almost got fired.
Sami almost had a panic attack.
Sami almost had a pop career with a single called "I'm a Punk."
Sami almost lost his life.
Sami almost never gets sick.
Sami almost never goes out after dark.
Sami almost passed out.
Sami almost peed his pants.
Sami almost said Layla's name.
Sami almost vomited.
Sami almost went to jail.
Sami already had a car.
Sami already had a wife and a baby.
Sami already had his gloves on.
Sami already had six children and was going through a nasty divorce.
Sami already has a drink in his hand.
Sami already has a girlfriend.
Sami already has a ride.
Sami already has his way of doing things.
Sami already has somewhat of an audience on YouTube.
Sami already has this.
Sami already hates this apartment.
Sami already knew that Layla got suspended.
Sami already knew that Layla was suspended.
Sami already knew that this had something to do with Layla.
Sami already knew that.
Sami already knew the dog's name.
Sami already knew those people.
Sami already knows Layla's story.
Sami already knows about the video.
Sami already knows that Layla is a whore.
Sami already knows that Layla's sister is a slut.
Sami already knows that.
Sami already knows the process.
Sami already knows this.
Sami already knows what the problem is.
Sami already knows.
Sami already looked like he was a junior or a senior.
Sami already told me.
Sami also attended Sunday school and he loved it.
Sami also cares about Layla.
Sami also disappeared.
Sami also does porn.
Sami also got the exact same e-mail.
Sami also lives in a gated community.
Sami also spent time with Layla outside of the church.
Sami also told me the same thing.
Sami also was very wealthy.
Sami always answers his phone.
Sami always answers the phone.
Sami always argued.
Sami always believed that Layla was a ticking timebomb.
Sami always bothers Layla to drive him to work.
Sami always burps when he's filming a video of himself.
Sami always called.
Sami always came back at six.
Sami always came in late.
Sami always carried his guns with him.
Sami always checks his boots for scorpions before he slips his feet inside.
Sami always comes in a little bit late.
Sami always covered for Layla.
Sami always did a little bit more than the other employees did.
Sami always did what made him happy.
Sami always does this shit.
Sami always does this.
Sami always drank milk.
Sami always drinks.
Sami always e-mailed me.
Sami always eats at that cafeteria.
Sami always encouraged people to quit smoking.
Sami always expected Layla to be supportive.
Sami always find a way through.
Sami always flushes the toilet.
Sami always gets away with it.
Sami always gets hugs.
Sami always gets us in bad situations.
Sami always gives a morning kiss to Layla.
Sami always had a bright smile.
Sami always had a gun or a knife.
Sami always had a smile.
Sami always had friends.
Sami always had imaginary friends.
Sami always had new Nikes.
Sami always had new clothes.
Sami always had new jokes to tell.
Sami always had pills within easy reach.
Sami always had sleep paralysis as a kid.
Sami always had something to say.
Sami always has a dog around.
Sami always has a key to Layla's house.
Sami always has an excuse.
Sami always has medical issues.
Sami always helps Layla.
Sami always kept a diary.
Sami always knew that Layla wasn't the brightest person.
Sami always leaves the TV on.
Sami always liked all of Layla's photos on Facebook.
Sami always loves reading comments on his videos.
Sami always loves reading that.
Sami always made fun of Layla for her YouTube videos.
Sami always makes a point of saying hello.
Sami always makes excuses.
Sami always paid cash for everything.
Sami always pays in cash.
Sami always reads in the toilet.
Sami always recites Ayat Al-Kursi before leaving the house.
Sami always sat there.
Sami always says please and thank you.
Sami always says that.
Sami always says this in his videos.
Sami always says this to Layla.
Sami always says this.
Sami always seemed nice.
Sami always showed up to work on time.
Sami always smiled.
Sami always spends his summer holidays in Egypt.
Sami always stares at that door.
Sami always stood up for Layla.
Sami always talked about Layla.
Sami always talked about his ex-girlfriend.
Sami always talked about money.
Sami always talked to them.
Sami always talks shit to me.
Sami always tells the truth.
Sami always thought Layla was a prostitute.
Sami always thought Layla was smarter than that.
Sami always thought the worst about Layla.
Sami always took it the wrong way.
Sami always wakes Layla up.
Sami always wanted Layla to come over.
Sami always wanted a French bulldog.
Sami always wanted more money.
Sami always wanted to be around his grandchildren.
Sami always wanted to know that.
Sami always wanted to share his space with Layla.
Sami always wants to be right in all situations.
Sami always wants to learn.
Sami always wears suits.
Sami always went to see his grandma.
Sami always wins.
Sami always wondered about that.
Sami always wore his wedding ring.
Sami always wore rings.
Sami always worked alone.
Sami always worked.
Sami amassed a multi-million dollar fortune.
Sami amputated his toes to avoid infection.
Sami and Farid are best friends.
Sami and Farid are dating the same girl.
Sami and Farid are fighting.
Sami and Farid are great friends now.
Sami and Farid are identical twins.
Sami and Farid are like best friends.
Sami and Farid are long-time buddies.
Sami and Farid are the same person.
Sami and Farid came out of nowhere.
Sami and Farid ended up becoming really good friends.
Sami and Farid fought a lot.
Sami and Farid fought each other.
Sami and Farid fought in the aisle of the bus.
Sami and Farid got in a fight outside the club.
Sami and Farid got into a fight.
Sami and Farid got into a fist fight.
Sami and Farid got into an actual fight.
Sami and Farid got together and hung out.
Sami and Farid had a brawl right before Christmas.
Sami and Farid had to sleep in the same bed for a few weeks.
Sami and Farid hated being twins.
Sami and Farid have been friends forever.
Sami and Farid have twin beds.
Sami and Farid look similar.
Sami and Farid shared a mutual ex.
Sami and Farid shared the same prison cell.
Sami and Farid started fighting in school.
Sami and Farid started fighting.
Sami and Farid started to go through roommate issues.
Sami and Farid struggled, both desperately trying to get a hold of the gun.
Sami and Farid swapped clothes.
Sami and Farid were best friends again.
Sami and Farid were best friends.
Sami and Farid were besties.
Sami and Farid were both attracted to Layla.
Sami and Farid were cellmates.
Sami and Farid were childhood friends.
Sami and Farid were fighting and nobody was trying to break it up.
Sami and Farid were fighting in the middle of the street.
Sami and Farid were fighting.
Sami and Farid were fist-fighting.
Sami and Farid were football players.
Sami and Farid were in jail together.
Sami and Farid were like best friends at the moment.
Sami and Farid were like brothers.
Sami and Farid were no longer sharing a room.
Sami and Farid were punching each other blindly.
Sami and Farid were second cousins.
Sami and Farid were still best friends.
Sami and Farid were still sharing a room.
Sami and Farid were suspended for the fight.
Sami and Farid were the best of friends.
Sami and Farid won't be friends anymore.
Sami and Farid worked side by side as technicians.
Sami and Faridn were both talking to the same girl at the same time.
Sami and I are adults now.
Sami and I are dating.
Sami and I are friends.
Sami and I are here for you.
Sami and I are in love.
Sami and I are just friends.
Sami and I are meant for each other.
Sami and I are still in high school.
Sami and I are twins.
Sami and I can do that.
Sami and I come from the same place.
Sami and I go to the same school.
Sami and I grew up in Egypt.
Sami and I had pizza.
Sami and I have been together for over six years now.
Sami and I live downtown.
Sami and I lived around the corner from each other.
Sami and I moved in together six days ago.
Sami and I only had six dollars between us.
Sami and I speak Berber.
Sami and I started talking.
Sami and I went over Farid's house.
Sami and I went to the same school.
Sami and I were besties.
Sami and I were chilling.
Sami and I were just friends.
Sami and I were looking at each other.
Sami and I were sitting in the kitchen.
Sami and I were still best friends.
Sami and I were still dating.
Sami and I were talking.
Sami and Jamal were married to sisters.
Sami and Jamal were married to stepsisters.
Sami and Lanya are a happy couple.
Sami and Layal made the decision to go to Cairo.
Sami and Layal's relationship died down a little bit.
Sami and Layla added each other on Facebook.
Sami and Layla adopted a son.
Sami and Layla adopted that dog together.
Sami and Layla agree with you.
Sami and Layla agreed on this.
Sami and Layla alibied each other saying that they were never at home that night.
Sami and Layla almost broke up.
Sami and Layla already knew each other.
Sami and Layla always ate together.
Sami and Layla always ended up coming back together.
Sami and Layla always sit next to each other.
Sami and Layla always worked together.
Sami and Layla apologized.
Sami and Layla appeared a very happy couple.
Sami and Layla appeared as a couple everywhere.
Sami and Layla appeared to be having a perfect marriage until Salima came along.
Sami and Layla are Muslim now.
Sami and Layla are Muslim.
Sami and Layla are Muslims.
Sami and Layla are about to have lunch.
Sami and Layla are adult now.
Sami and Layla are adults now.
Sami and Layla are already talking about their weekend plans.
Sami and Layla are arguing.
Sami and Layla are at work.
Sami and Layla are black.
Sami and Layla are both Egyptian.
Sami and Layla are both Muslim.
Sami and Layla are both addicts.
Sami and Layla are both adults.
Sami and Layla are both alive.
Sami and Layla are both drunk.
Sami and Layla are both evolving.
Sami and Layla are both going to die.
Sami and Layla are both here.
Sami and Layla are both lying over there.
Sami and Layla are both servers.
Sami and Layla are both single.
Sami and Layla are both underage.
Sami and Layla are both young.
Sami and Layla are brothers.
Sami and Layla are chatting.
Sami and Layla are close enough to share this type of secret.
Sami and Layla are completely different.
Sami and Layla are cousins.
Sami and Layla are crazy.
Sami and Layla are crying.
Sami and Layla are dancing.
Sami and Layla are dating.
Sami and Layla are doing YouTube.
Sami and Layla are doing drugs.
Sami and Layla are drinking.
Sami and Layla are drug dealers.
Sami and Layla are emotionally intimate with each other.
Sami and Layla are expecting a baby now.
Sami and Layla are family.
Sami and Layla are fasting.
Sami and Layla are fighting.
Sami and Layla are fine.
Sami and Layla are flirting.
Sami and Layla are following me.
Sami and Layla are free to go.
Sami and Layla are friends on Facebook.
Sami and Layla are friends with Salima.
Sami and Layla are friends.
Sami and Layla are from Cairo and know what I am talking about.
Sami and Layla are from Cairo and know what I'm talking about.
Sami and Layla are fucking.
Sami and Layla are getting married Saturday.
Sami and Layla are getting married this week.
Sami and Layla are getting married.
Sami and Layla are getting ready for a night on the town.
Sami and Layla are getting to know each other.
Sami and Layla are going home.
Sami and Layla are going to Walmart.
Sami and Layla are going to a restaurant.
Sami and Layla are going to be a couple.
Sami and Layla are going to be the talk of the town.
Sami and Layla are going to bed.
Sami and Layla are going to fight.
Sami and Layla are going to get a divorce.
Sami and Layla are going to hang out tomorrow.
Sami and Layla are going to have a problem.
Sami and Layla are going to have such a good night.
Sami and Layla are going to move on.
Sami and Layla are going to party tonight.
Sami and Layla are going to the beach.
Sami and Layla are going to the studio.
Sami and Layla are going to walk.
Sami and Layla are gonna be a couple.
Sami and Layla are gonna work things out.
Sami and Layla are hanging out.
Sami and Layla are happily married.
Sami and Layla are having a baby today.
Sami and Layla are having a conversation.
Sami and Layla are having a good time.
Sami and Layla are having a great time.
Sami and Layla are having a lot of fun at the party.
Sami and Layla are having a yard sale.
Sami and Layla are having an awesome weekend.
Sami and Layla are having sex in another bedroom.
Sami and Layla are having so much fun.
Sami and Layla are here to stay.
Sami and Layla are hiding something.
Sami and Layla are holding hands.
Sami and Layla are homies.
Sami and Layla are honest with each other.
Sami and Layla are in a hurry.
Sami and Layla are in a relationship and Farid needs to respect that.
Sami and Layla are in college.
Sami and Layla are in constant competition.
Sami and Layla are in shock.
Sami and Layla are in so much pain.
Sami and Layla are in the area.
Sami and Layla are in the kitchen, fixing dinner.
Sami and Layla are in the kitchen.
Sami and Layla are in the same gang.
Sami and Layla are in the same room together.
Sami and Layla are just brainstorming.
Sami and Layla are just chilling.
Sami and Layla are just friends.
Sami and Layla are just here to chill.
Sami and Layla are just making small talk.
Sami and Layla are just talking.
Sami and Layla are just watching.
Sami and Layla are kissing passionately.
Sami and Layla are laughing.
Sami and Layla are leaving for Egypt.
Sami and Layla are leaving.
Sami and Layla are like any other couple in love.
Sami and Layla are like our brothers.
Sami and Layla are living right next door to Farid's hotel.
Sami and Layla are living together.
Sami and Layla are living with each other.
Sami and Layla are looking at each other.
Sami and Layla are losers.
Sami and Layla are making out.
Sami and Layla are married.
Sami and Layla are messaging each other.
Sami and Layla are milk siblings.
Sami and Layla are mutual friends with Farid.
Sami and Layla are my best friends.
Sami and Layla are my friends.
Sami and Layla are new Muslims.
Sami and Layla are new here.
Sami and Layla are newly married.
Sami and Layla are newlyweds.
Sami and Layla are no longer friends.
