My sister and I are very different.
My sister and I don't get along well.
My sister and I get along badly.
My sister and I go to the movies from time to time.
My sister and I hate the taste of peach.
My sister and I have a very strong connection.
My sister and I have come.
My sister and I take turns in cleaning our room.
My sister and I went to the castle.
My sister and I, you will recollect, were twins, and you know how subtle are the links which bind two souls which are so closely allied.
My sister and her boyfriend are going to get married next year.
My sister and my brother.
My sister asked Father to buy a new bicycle.
My sister asked me to buy her one Chinese shirt when I go to Beijing.
My sister asked me to lend her the dictionary.
My sister asked me to teach her how to ski.
My sister asked my father to buy her a new bicycle.
My sister became a college student.
My sister belonged to the basketball club last year.
My sister bought five yards of cloth.
My sister bought me a red ribbon.
My sister broke her leg two months ago.
My sister brought me flowers.
My sister called with exciting news about her job!
My sister came along on the shopping trip.
My sister can cook very well.
My sister can play the guitar very well.
My sister can play the piano better than I can.
My sister can swim very fast.
My sister can't start the day without reading her horoscope.
My sister can’t start the day without reading her horoscope.
My sister cheers young sumo wrestlers.
My sister cooks us delicious dishes.
My sister crocheted a cowl for me.
My sister decided to be a teacher.
My sister deems your efforts futile.
My sister described my glasses as looking through water.
My sister did not say "Hello."
My sister did not want to stay at home alone.
My sister did the same thing.
My sister didn't help me.
My sister didn't own up to breaking the lamp. Instead, she made up some story about aliens coming to Earth with the objective of destroying every piece of yellow furniture.
My sister didn't say "hello" to me.
My sister didn't say hello.
My sister didn’t own up to breaking the lamp, instead she made up some story about aliens coming to Earth with the objective of destroying every piece of yellow furniture.
My sister died last year.
My sister does not live near me.
My sister does not talk very often about politics.
My sister does not think for herself.
My sister doesn't follow through on her words.
My sister doesn't have a car.
My sister doesn't have a higher education.
My sister doesn't know the difference between a goose and a duck.
My sister doesn't practice what she preaches.
My sister doesn't really know how to cook, and neither do I.
My sister doesn't wish to associate with them.
My sister doesn't work in Paris.
My sister doesn’t like salt with her tomatoes or cucumbers.
My sister doesn’t wish to associate with them.
My sister dressed herself for the party in a hurry.
My sister dropped her plate on the floor.
My sister dumped a bunch of glitter on my bed.
My sister expects to graduate from college next year.
My sister fixed me with an angry stare.
My sister gave birth to a baby.
My sister goes to Australia three times a year.
My sister goes to a university.
My sister goes to the Carpathians every year.
My sister got a job with an airline company and became a flight attendant.
My sister got a new bike from me.
My sister got a star tattooed on her left foot.
My sister got engaged.
My sister got knocked up by a married man who's not going to leave his wife for her.
My sister got married in her teens.
My sister got married with her classmate from high school.
My sister got more Christmas presents than me.
My sister has Lyme disease.
My sister has a dog.
My sister has a fear of little mice and spiders.
My sister has a good command of both English and French.
My sister has a job.
My sister has a lot of friends.
My sister has a nice piano.
My sister has a piano.
My sister has a quick temper. She easily gets mad.
My sister has a sweet tooth.
My sister has a twelve-year-old son.
My sister has a very good brain.
My sister has already gone to bed.
My sister has become a good pianist.
My sister has been calling.
My sister has been knitting since this morning.
My sister has been married for three years.
My sister has been sick.
My sister has been studying in her room since this morning.
My sister has been taking piano lessons since she was four.
My sister has called me, but not my brother.
My sister has difficulty qualifying for a credit card.
My sister has freckles.
My sister has ginger hair.
My sister has given me an iPhone, but I do not know how to use it.
My sister has her hair done at the hairdresser two or three times a week.
My sister has her hair done each week.
My sister has long legs and likes sports.
My sister has long legs.
My sister has loved her teddy bear since she was little.
My sister has made remarkable progress in English.
My sister has made up her mind to be a teacher.
My sister has many friends.
My sister has moved to Austria.
My sister has never been a burden to me.
My sister has never been a woman of her word.
My sister has nothing to do with this.
My sister has perfect vision.
My sister has shoulder-length hair.
My sister has the habit of underlining words she doesn't know while reading.
My sister has three cats, and my brother has none.
My sister has three daughters.
My sister has three kids.
My sister has three sons, so I have three nephews.
My sister has three times as many books as I do.
My sister has three times more books than me.
My sister has traced our family tree back to the 16th century.
My sister has two sons, so I have two nephews.
My sister has very good handwriting.
My sister has youth and dreams.
My sister hasn't come home yet, so my mother is worried.
My sister hasn't done homework for herself.
My sister hasn’t done homework for herself.
My sister hates me.
My sister hit the jackpot!
My sister hit the jackpot.
My sister insisted on going with me.
My sister ironed my pants.
My sister irons my clothes.
My sister irons my pants.
My sister is 10 centimetres taller than I am.
My sister is 20 years old. She is a university student.
My sister is Christian.
My sister is Muslim.
My sister is a Christian.
My sister is a beautiful young woman.
My sister is a clutz, and that’s her drawback.
My sister is a famous singer.
My sister is a genius!
My sister is a good swimmer.
My sister is a good typist.
My sister is a junior at Kobe College.
My sister is a klutz, and that's her weakness.
My sister is a kunoichi.
My sister is a moron.
My sister is a nurse and my brother is a doctor.
My sister is a nurse.
My sister is a receptionist.
My sister is a secretary at a bank.
My sister is a teacher.
My sister is a twenty-one-year-old college student.
My sister is a very beautiful girl.
My sister is a very good typist.
My sister is a widow.
My sister is afraid of all doctors.
My sister is already asleep.
My sister is also my best friend.
My sister is always in such a hurry that she often leaves things behind.
My sister is always weighing herself.
My sister is an English teacher.
My sister is an engineer.
My sister is an idiot.
My sister is annoying.
My sister is at her desk.
My sister is beautiful.
My sister is blond.
My sister is bugging me.
My sister is by my side.
My sister is cheering for a young Sumo wrestler.
My sister is clumsy, which is a disadvantage to her.
My sister is color blind.
My sister is coming over tomorrow.
My sister is constantly reading comic books.
My sister is cooking in the kitchen.
My sister is crazy about tennis.
My sister is driving me crazy.
My sister is engaged in social work.
My sister is engaged to him.
My sister is famous.
My sister is five years younger than me.
My sister is fond of music.
My sister is going to school by bus.
My sister is good.
My sister is having a baby in June.
My sister is having a conversation with her friends.
My sister is here in Cairo.
My sister is ill again.
My sister is in Beirut at the moment.
My sister is in college.
My sister is in her twenties.
My sister is in love with my best friend.
My sister is kind to children.
My sister is learning Ido.
My sister is liked by many girls.
My sister is majoring in developmental psychology.
My sister is making Swedish meatballs for the party.
My sister is married.
My sister is my best friend.
My sister is my daughter's godmother.
My sister is my daughter’s godmother.
My sister is my mother.
My sister is my sister. I am who I am.
My sister is named Patricia.
My sister is not a good cook, and neither am I.
My sister is not a high school student.
My sister is not one who does what she says.
My sister is not used to cooking.
My sister is not very organized and forgot to register for the course.
My sister is now bound up in her work.
My sister is old enough to go to a workout studio by herself.
My sister is older than my brother.
My sister is on her way to London.
My sister is out of work.
My sister is playing with a doll.
My sister is playing with dolls.
My sister is playing with the ball.
My sister is playing with the dolls.
My sister is pregnant.
My sister is pretty.
My sister is quick-thinking.
My sister is scared of bees.
My sister is sensitive about her thick legs.
My sister is shorter than you.
My sister is smaller than you.
My sister is smoking.
My sister is so annoying.
My sister is so irritating!
My sister is starting university next year.
My sister is studying at the university.
My sister is subject to colds.
My sister is suffering from a bad cold now.
My sister is suffering from a bad cold.
My sister is taller than my brother.
My sister is the tallest person in our family.
My sister is thin, but I'm a little overweight.
My sister is thin, but I’m a little overweight.
My sister is thirty-two years old. She's married. Her husband is also thirty-two.
My sister is three years old.
My sister is three years older than I am.
My sister is three years older than me.
My sister is three years younger than I am.
My sister is three years younger than I and my brother is four years younger.
My sister is three years younger than me.
My sister is too young to go to school.
My sister is twenty-one and she studies at the university.
My sister is twenty-one years old and a college student.
My sister is two years older than me.
My sister is two years younger than me.
My sister is very fond of children.
My sister is very intelligent.
My sister is very tall.
My sister is very wise.
My sister is volunteering more and more of her free time to the student union.
My sister is wearing a red dress.
My sister is well.
My sister is working as a shop assistant now.
My sister is younger than me.
My sister is younger than you.
My sister isn't a good cook, and neither am I.
My sister isn't a high school student.
My sister isn't studying now.
My sister isn't used to cooking.
My sister isn't working at the moment.
My sister isn’t studying now.
My sister isn’t used to cooking.
My sister jogs every day.
My sister laughed to her heart's content.
My sister laughed to her heart’s content.
My sister learned to ride a bike earlier than me.
My sister lent me a headband.
My sister lied to me.
My sister likes Tom.
My sister likes Ultraman.
My sister likes classical music no less than I do.
My sister likes looking after my son, but still I'm the one who has to change his nappy all the time.
My sister likes melons and so do I.
My sister likes painting.
My sister likes sweets.
My sister likes to dance.
My sister likes to smother her toasts in butter.
My sister lives in Australia.
My sister lives in Boston, hence, I'll likely visit the area.
My sister lives near Yokohama.
My sister loves ballet.
My sister loves children very much.
My sister loves children.
My sister loves it whenever someone makes her an offer of marriage.
My sister loves sweets.
My sister made me a beautiful doll.
My sister married Mr Sato, whose father is my mother's friend.
My sister married Mr Sato, whose father is my mother’s friend.
My sister married a doctor.
My sister married a high school teacher last June.
My sister married her high school classmate.
My sister married him in spite of our objections.
My sister married one of her high school classmates.
My sister never fails to write home once a month.
My sister often borrows my clothes.
My sister often cries.
My sister often looks after the baby.
My sister often takes care of the baby.
My sister often takes the bus from Nijmegen to Kleve.
My sister outed me to my parents!
My sister owns a jigsaw so I'll just borrow hers if I need it.
My sister passed away a few months ago.
My sister played the leading character.
My sister plays piano every day.
My sister plays the guitar pretty well.
My sister plays the piano every day.
My sister plays the piano.
My sister plays with dolls.
My sister plays with the doll.
My sister plays with the dolls.
My sister presses my trousers.
My sister pulled my hair.
My sister reads more books than I do.
My sister reads more books than me.
My sister really likes strawberries.
My sister really loves boys.
My sister really loves kids.
My sister relies completely on herself, she goes out and works.
My sister resembles my grandmother.
My sister resembles my mother.
My sister sang an English song at the party.
My sister saw it with her own eyes.
My sister saw you in the city, but you didn't see her.
My sister says that she wants to study abroad after leaving.
My sister sells expensive watches and jewelry to rich women.
My sister shelled the beans.
My sister showed a new watch to me.
My sister showed me a new watch.
My sister showed me her new watch.
My sister showers every morning.
My sister sings songs very well.
My sister sings very beautifully.
My sister sings well.
My sister smokes.
My sister sometimes makes our dinner.
My sister spends a lot of time on her little allotment.
My sister spends her time reading comics.
My sister spends too much time dressing.
My sister started crying.
My sister started screaming bloody murder when she found out I'd read her diary.
My sister started screaming bloody murder when she found out I’d read her diary.
My sister started to attend a language school. She is learning English there.
My sister starts university next year.
My sister still lives with our parents.
My sister stole my clothes.
My sister stole my nail polish.
My sister studied to be a stenographer. She still uses shorthand sometimes when she takes notes.
My sister studies at university.
My sister subscribes to a fashion magazine.
My sister suffers from osteoporosis.
My sister takes a shower every morning.
My sister takes care of everything she possesses.
My sister takes piano lessons twice a week.
My sister talks about you all the time.
My sister taught me how to braid hair.
My sister teaches English.
My sister thinks your efforts are futile.
My sister thinks your efforts are in vain.
My sister told her to leave me alone.
My sister told me how to do it.
My sister took care of the dog while I was away.
My sister took my hamster hostage.
My sister took the children to the zoo.
My sister took the dog out for a walk.
My sister travels by bus to school.
My sister used to help mum look after me when I was a baby.
My sister used to take care of the flower bed.
My sister uses Korean skincare products.
My sister uses Yahoo.
My sister usually goes to the park every weekend.
My sister usually walks to school.
My sister wants to go on a road trip across Europe.
My sister wants to learn sign language.
My sister was a beautiful woman.
My sister was able to do pull-ups when she was barely three.
My sister was home.
My sister was in New York a year ago.
My sister was on a diet for a week, but gave up.
My sister was robbed of her bag on her way home last night.
My sister was successful in the examination.
My sister was telling me about the badgers she saw in the woods.
My sister was waiting for me.
My sister was whistling merrily.
My sister washes her hair every morning.
My sister washes her shoes every Sunday.
My sister watches television.
My sister went to Italy to study music.
My sister went to Italy to study.
My sister went to Kobe yesterday.
My sister will be getting married soon.
My sister will be starting college next year.
My sister will be starting university next year.
My sister will be thirteen years old next summer.
My sister will begin her studies next year.
My sister will get married early next year.
My sister will go to Tokyo next year.
My sister will have been studying English for ten years when she graduates from her college.
My sister will have finished her homework before she goes to Hokkaido.
My sister will marry early next year.
My sister will prepare breakfast.
My sister won't let you push me around like this.
My sister worked as a secretary before she got married.
My sister works as a cashier.
My sister works as a secretary at a bank.
My sister works as a secretary in a big multinational.
My sister works as an assistant to a college professor.
My sister works at a school for visually impaired children.
My sister works at the United States Embassy in London.
My sister works in a bank as a secretary.
My sister works in a laboratory.
My sister works part-time at a clothing store downtown.
My sister would like this dress; she loves red.
My sister would like to be a swimmer.
My sister would often cry to sleep when she was a baby.
My sister's a lot lazier than you are.
My sister's a nurse.
My sister's birthday is February 10th.
My sister's boyfriend is a little bit like a delinquent Harry Potter.
My sister's brains were coming out after being hit by a drunk driver.
My sister's brother is not my brother. Why is that?
My sister's car is pink.
My sister's getting married to one of her old classmates.
My sister's getting married.
My sister's going to kill me.
My sister's guitar is new.
My sister's hair is nice and silky. Why does mine have to be so dry?
My sister's hair reaches her shoulders.
My sister's hair reaches to her shoulders.
My sister's husband is my brother-in-law.
My sister's jewelry box was stolen.
My sister's kids are always getting into all sorts of shenanigans.
My sister's name is Mary.
My sister's name is Patricia.
My sister's new shoes look great.
My sister's room is always tidy.
My sister's second husband is Greek.
My sister's share was two rooms.
My sister's skinny and me, I'm chubby.
My sister's smoking.
My sister's son Jimmy is my favorite nephew.
My sister's son is my nephew.
My sister's son is our nephew.
My sister's work is teaching English.
My sister, Mrs. Joe Gargery, was very proud of the fact that she had brought me up 'by hand'.
My sister, a university student, won first prize in the speech contest.
My sister, wearing her favorite red coat, went out today.
My sister, who I live with, knows a lot about cars.
My sister-in-law does not understand astrobiology.
My sister-in-law does not want to see me.
My sister-in-law doesn't want to see me.
My sister-in-law had four children in five years.
My sister-in-law invited me to lunch in their new house.
My sister-in-law is Dutch.
My sister-in-law is a good friend of mine.
My sister-in-law is coming over tomorrow.
My sister-in-law is knocked up.
My sister-in-law is very beautiful.
My sister-in-law lived through the poverty of her modish Western religion.
My sister-in-law lives with us.
My sister-in-law passed away a few months ago.
My sister-in-law talks about you all the time.
My sister? She goes to the skating rink or she goes hiking.
My sisters and I are Muslims.
My sisters and I are quadruplets.
My sisters are friendly and kind to everyone.
My sisters are physicians.
My sisters have the same color eyes.
My sisters like going to the theatre.
My sisters love to talk about science.
My sisters were cooking when I came home.
My sisters were with your mother today.
My sisters will be teachers like our mother.
My sisters would like to come to the party with us.
My sisters!
My sister’s getting married.
My sister’s hair reaches to her shoulders.
My sister’s name is Patricia.
My sister’s skinny and me, I’m chubby.
My sister’s son Jimmy is my favorite nephew.
My sister’s work is teaching English.
My situation has changed.
My situation is different.
My situation is hopeless.
My situation seemed hopeless to me.
My situation was different.
My situation was embarrassing enough, so I preferred not to make it more complicated.
My six-month old son is teething.
My six-year-old has just started primary school.
My sixth grade teacher sexually assaulted me.
My sixth grade teacher was Mrs Bakir.
My sixth sense tells me he's right.
My sixth wife has a pretty face. She has green eyes.
My sixty-year-old aunt inherited the huge estate.
My skin burns easily in the sun.
My skin burns easily.
My skin crawled.
My skin feels really rough today.
My skin gets dry easily.
My skin is almost touching yours.
My skin is as white as milk, my hair as golden as ripe wheat; I am as fresh as the leaves in spring.
My skin is burning from too much sun exposure.
My skin is crawling right now.
My skin is dry.
My skin is irritating me.
My skin is itching me.
My skin is itchy! I can’t stop scratching!
My skin is peeling.
My skin is soft.
My skin is tingling.
My skin itches.
My skirt has gores to make it fuller.
My skirt is too long.
My sled is white.
My sleep at night is not very deep.
My sleep cycle has been disrupted.
My sleep is light.
My sleep is not important.
My sleep was disturbed by the sound.
My sleeping patterns have been turned upside down due to the Olympics.
My sleigh is white.
My slippers are on the shelf.
My slippers are under my bed.
My small bladder has me constantly running to the bathroom.
My small donation won't make much difference.
My smartphone charger fell.
My smartphone is stupid.
My smell!
My smile is my most endearing feature.
My smile is my most noticeable feature on my body.
My smile is the most attractive feature I have on me.
My smile lights up the darkest rooms.
My sneakers are soaked.
My sneakers are wet.
My sneakers got wet.
My sneakers smell gross.
My sneakers stink to high heaven!
My snorkel is dirty.
My snorkel is filthy.
My social security number is 123456789.
My sock has a hole in it.
My sock is torn.
My sock's got a hole in it.
My socks are bunching up inside my shoes.
My socks are dirty.
My socks are full of holes again.
My socks are in need of mending.
My socks are not for sale.
My socks are perfectly matched with the color of my shoes.
My socks are still damp.
My socks are wet.
My socks aren't here.
My socks aren’t here.
My software isn't compatible with Windows.
My software isn’t compatible with Windows.
My software never has bugs. It just has random features.
My sole idea was to get there as fast as possible.
My solution is twice as good.
My son Jon has a pet tribble.
My son always does the opposite of what I tell him to do.
My son always gets sick when he rides a bus.
My son always interrupts me when I'm talking.
My son arrived at first light.
My son arrived in the grey of dawn.
My son asked for more crayons.
My son asks for the moon.
My son associates with bad people.
My son ate an ant and I took him to the vet.
My son attained fluency in Berber.
My son became able to count to 100.
My son believes in Father Christmas.
My son believes in Santa Claus.
My son built a sandcastle.
My son came to my room.
My son came to see me from time to time.
My son can already count to one hundred.
My son can already count up to one hundred.
My son can count up to a hundred now.
My son can neither read nor write yet.
My son can now count to one hundred.
My son can read a clock.
My son can tell the time.
My son can tell time.
My son can't count yet.
My son can't talk yet.
My son can’t count yet.
My son could have died.
My son could've died.
My son didn't have a single hair when he was born.
My son died and I can't even bury him.
My son disappointed me.
My son does not follow me.
My son does not like fried egg.
My son doesn't listen to me.
My son doesn't obey me.
My son doesn't speak Swedish.
My son doesn't talk back these days; he must have turned over a new leaf.
My son doesn't trust me.
My son doesn't want to give up his dummy.
My son doesn't want to give up his pacifier.
My son doesn’t talk back these days; he must have turned over a new leaf.
My son earns more than me.
My son entered high school.
My son experiences bullying at school.
My son followed Xiao Wang to buy disks.
My son gets bad grades at school. He doesn't pay much attention to his homework.
My son gets on very well at school.
My son gets up to all kinds of mischief.
My son got kicked out of school last year.
My son grew 5 inches last year.
My son had been writing for several hours when I entered the room.
My son had to use the bathroom midway through the movie.
My son has a black beard.
My son has a condition that is uncommon.
My son has a lot of peaches.
My son has a propensity for reckless action.
My son has a son.
My son has a sweet tooth.
My son has a tendency to act recklessly.
My son has a toothache.
My son has a very good memory.
My son has always been very independent.
My son has an hereditary disease.
My son has become a man.
My son has become curious about his body.
My son has been calling.
My son has been kidnapped again.
My son has been kidnapped.
My son has formed the habit of rising early.
My son has gone to America to study medicine.
My son has got into bad company.
My son has gotten quite good at conjuring up excuses for not going to school.
My son has lice on his head.
My son has measles.
My son has my genes.
My son has read every book on that shelf.
My son has taken to drinking and smoking.
My son has talent for music.
My son has to buy a book.
My son here will help you out.
My son insisted he wouldn't go to sleep because there was a monster under the bed.
My son is Kabyle.
My son is a Muslim.
My son is a better student than I ever was.
My son is a big slacker.
My son is a journalist.
My son is a rebellious teenager.
My son is a walrus hunter.
My son is a widower.
My son is about your age.
My son is afflicted with a rare condition.
My son is afraid to sleep alone.
My son is allergic to antibiotics.
My son is also named Tom.
My son is also studying abroad.
My son is an Aspie.
My son is an English teacher.
My son is an artist who paints paintings.
My son is an honor student.
My son is apt to be absent from school.
My son is ashamed of his behavior.
My son is at university.
My son is autistic.
My son is being bullied at school.
My son is being called up to the Torah on Sunday.
My son is being potty trained.
My son is being toilet trained.
My son is blind.
My son is brushing his teeth.
My son is busy studying for the examinations tomorrow.
My son is coming over tomorrow.
My son is eight years old.
My son is engaged to his secretary.
My son is expecting me.
My son is five years old.
My son is fond of fish fingers.
My son is getting married.
My son is going to be a teacher.
My son is going to leave for France next week.
My son is gone.
My son is growing by leaps and bounds.
My son is in high school now.
My son is in jail and you're going to arrest me just because I want to visit him?
My son is in preschool.
My son is in the army.
My son is just idling.
My son is just starting to talk.
My son is my biggest headache.
My son is my blood.
My son is my flesh.
My son is my own blood.
My son is navigating complex emotions daily.
My son is not a snob.
My son is not at home, he is at school.
My son is not good at reading.
My son is not old enough for school.
My son is now an adult, but he still wants to sleep in our bed with my wife and me.
My son is now as tall as I am.
My son is on leave just now, but I did not tell him anything of all this, for his temper is violent, and he is passionately fond of his sister.
My son is one and a half years old.
My son is only a month old.
My son is only a teenager.
My son is playing in the rain.
My son is playing with his drone in the yard.
My son is restless and hot headed.
My son is scared, but at the same time, he's drawn to horror movies.
My son is sick.
My son is small for his age.
My son is smart.
My son is still pooping on himself.
My son is studying at university.
My son is studying economics.
My son is subject to ill health.
My son is sucking his fingers.
My son is taller than I am.
My son is taller than me.
My son is teething.
My son is ten years old.
My son is the apple of my eye.
My son is the first of all the students at this school.
My son is tired of hamburgers.
My son is too skinny.
My son is too thin. He eats too little.
My son is very afraid of Momo.
My son is very athletic.
My son is waiting for me.
My son is watching a cartoon.
My son is way too skinny.
My son is working hard on the field right now.
My son isn't a snob.
My son isn't the only one who enjoys eating her cooking.
My son just lost a baby tooth.
My son knows all the letters well.
My son knows how to read a clock.
My son left today.
My son let me down.
My son lied to me.
My son likes books about animals.
My son likes outdoor sports, such as baseball, tennis and soccer.
My son likes playing chess.
My son likes red chili flakes on everything, but I think they're too spicy.
My son likes that movie.
My son likes to play with cars.
My son literally has hundreds of cars.
My son lives in a distant place.
My son lives in a parallel world.
My son lives in our weekend house.
My son looked for the other half of a pair of socks.
My son lost his toys.
My son loves rockets.
My son loves to read books about dinosaurs.
My son loves to throw temper tantrums in the supermarket.
My son made a small bear out of pipe cleaners.
My son makes music.
My son married Tom's youngest daughter.
My son means the world to me.
My son needs me.
My son needs to be more alert at school.
My son never bargained for so many problems.
My son never eats his spinach.
My son often worries me by asking a lot of questions.
My son owes what he is to you.
My son passed away a few months ago.
My son passed in three subjects at A level.
My son practices with his Little League baseball team every weekend.
My son puked his guts out last night.
My son put on his mother's skirt and I threw him out of the house.
My son really likes slugs. He says they're sticky and slippery, and he finds that fascinating.
My son recently started school.
My son remained poker-faced when I asked him where all the cookies went.
My son scattered the papers on my desk.
My son shall do the work.
My son started drinking and smoking.
My son started school recently.
My son started speaking when he was two.
My son still believes in Santa Claus.
My son still cannot count.
My son suffers from a rare disease.
My son suffers from osteoporosis.
My son surprised me by cleaning his room without being prompted.
My son surprised me by cleaning his room without being reminded.
My son surprised me by cleaning his room without being told to.
My son surprised me by cleaning his room without being told.
My son surprised me by tidying up his room without being told.
My son talks about you all the time.
My son thinks that bats are reptiles because they're like pteranodons.
My son thinks women are stronger than men.
My son told me all about you.
My son told my wife, "Mom, pick me up at the door to the nursery school at five forty-five in the afternoon, and don't be late!"
My son took a candy from the box.
My son took a piece of candy from the box.
My son took a sweet from the box.
My son took an early interest in politics.
My son tried to become a rakugo story teller.
My son tried to become a rakugoka.
My son tried to become a teller of funny stories.
My son tripped and cut his forehead on the corner of the coffee table.
My son understands Kabyle well.
My son upset me.
My son urinated in a plastic bottle.
My son wants a crew cut, but not too short, please.
My son wants to be Lincoln.
My son wants to be a Lincoln.
My son wants to be a professional golfer.
My son wants to become a professional golf player.
My son wants to go to med school.
My son was born on Christmas Day.
My son was completely bald when he was born.
My son was happy because there was snow.
My son was like that.
My son was the last but one to reach the goal.
My son was twelve years old.
My son went to Australia.
My son went to Iran.
My son went to Japan.
My son went to London, where I was born.
My son went to the United States to study medicine.
My son who is in the fifth grade has transferred from Shizuoka to an elementary school in Nagoya.
My son will be a teacher.
My son will be starting secondary school in September.
My son will come back.
My son will come from school in an hour.
My son will do the work.
My son will not listen to me.
My son will return.
My son will speak Kabyle.
My son will take over the job.
My son won't listen to me.
My son would like a pet.
My son would like to eat some candy.
My son would never do that.
My son writes haikus after watching a film in which a boy wrote haikus.
My son!
My son's ability at math has improved this year.
My son's birthday is July 7th.
My son's daughter is my granddaughter.
My son's favourite food is waffles with maple syrup. Every morning he says I should cook them, but sometimes I must say no.
My son's first grade teacher talked about her husband. This attempt to push heterosexuality on my child is inexcusable.
My son's friend imposed himself on us for two weeks.
My son's front teeth have come in crooked.
My son's in the third grade.
My son's memory is strong.
My son's name is Tom.
My son's plastic duck is yellow.
My son's room is full of toys.
My son's rubber duck is yellow.
My son's rubber ducky is yellow.
My son's short attention span is causing him problems at school.
My son's wife is the same as my daughter. My grandson's wife is the same as my granddaughter. Ties of love have great value in the family. My daughter-in-law doesn't have my blood... and she's a favorite.
My son, I command you—Bucklaw, I entreat you—keep the peace, in the name of the Queen and of the law!
My son, Tom, and his fiancée, Mary, got married today.
My son, Tom, and his fiancée, Mary, will get married next month.
My son, hear the instruction of thy father, and forsake not the law of thy mother.
My son, here are your documents.
My son, you should study.
My son-in-law had a serious accident.
My son-in-law is coming over tomorrow.
My son-in-law passed away a few months ago.
My son-in-law talks about you all the time.
My son-in-law works at an insurance company.
My son-in-law works for an insurance company.
My son? He doesn't seem interested in classical music. I can't tell whether it's techno or electro, but he's always listening to music at a loud volume.
My son? He doesn't seem to be interested in classical music. I always hear some loud music coming from his room, though - techno, electric, or what have you.
My song still hasn't been sung.
My sons Ludwig and Vladimir are martial arts experts.
My sons are in the heyday of youth.
My sons are not at school.
My sons are soldiers.
My sons have grown up.
My sons have no daughters.
My sons love animals.
My son’s ability at math has improved this year.
My son’s friend imposed himself on us for two weeks.
My son’s front teeth have come in crooked.
My son’s short attention span is causing him problems at school.
My soul is from elsewhere, I'm sure of that, and I intend to end up there.
My soul is in the sky.
My soul is not human as it is from another dimension.
My soul is so tired and death calls me from afar.
My soul responds to your call; and the struggle for victory and fame and the rage of hatred have suddenly become untrue to me, as the delirious dream of a night in the serenity of the dawn.
My soul rests only in God, my salvation comes from him.
My soul sings.
My soul was born when the light was made.
My soup is cold.
My soup is too hot to eat.
My sources are reliable.
My sources are secret.
My sources are very reliable.
My space bar doesn't work very well.
My speakers are kid toys compared to yours.
My speaking and listening are not as good as my writing.
My speaking and listening in Turkish needs improvement.
My special branch of study is sociology.
My special skill is being able to sleep anywhere.
My special talent is that I become friends with anybody, anywhere, anytime.
My special talent is that I can form a friendship at any time, anywhere, and with anyone.
My speciality is in security.
My specialty is "Chemistry".
My specialty is "General Medicine".
My specialty is French onion gratin soup.
My specialty is being right when other people are wrong.
My specialty is bringing others down by criticizing their own shortcomings.
My specialty is particle physics.
My specialty is security.
My speech was appropriate for the occasion.
My speech was greeted with cold silence.
My speech will only be about three minutes long.
My speeches are all written by other people.
My speedometer isn't working.
My spell turned Tom into a dog! What do I do?
My spelling is terrible.
My spine hurts.
My spine was implanted with mind-controlling nanobots.
My spirit animal is a rabbit. What's yours?
My spirit is broken.
My spirit is worn out.
My spirits are up.
My spoken French is pretty good, I think.
My sponsor was willing to agree to my suggestion.
My spoon is bigger!
My spoon is too big!
My spoon is very large.
My spoon's bigger!
My spouse and I were visiting the farmer.
My spouse drinks coffee even in the evening.
My spouse drinks only coffee in the morning.
My spouse is Polish.
My spouse is in a romantic relationship with someone else.
My spouse reads more than I do.
My spouse sent you an email three days ago.
My spouse, too, drinks coffee in the morning.
My squash plants started to die when I pruned them too much, but they eventually bounced back.
My stage name is "Dances With Hummus", but I secretly crave guacamole.
My star and favourite person is Tuomas Holopainen of Nightwish keyboard. He is my exemplar in keyboard playing style.
My star has faded.
My stars!
My stay in Boston lasted three weeks longer than I expected.
My staying here is out of the question.
My steak was cooked a little too rare.
My step-daughter does not like aubergine.
My stepbrother is coming over tomorrow.
My stepbrother passed away a few months ago.
My stepdaughter is coming over tomorrow.
My stepdaughter likes to sleep with the lights on.
My stepfather has been calling.
My stepfather hated me.
My stepfather is a lawyer.
My stepfather is coming over tomorrow.
My stepfather passed away a few months ago.
My stepfather treats me better than my real father did.
My stepfather was diabetic.
My stepmother has been calling.
My stepmother is coming over tomorrow.
My stepmother is very strict.
My stepmother isn't much older than I am.
My stepmother passed away a few months ago.
My stepmother was strict with me.
My stepmother was very strict.
My stepsister finished the last of the cranberry juice.
My stepsister is coming over tomorrow.
My stepsister passed away a few months ago.
My stepson can play the electric guitar.
My stepson is coming over tomorrow.
My stereo set is inferior to yours in sound quality.
My stocks aren't doing very well.
My stomach aches after meals.
My stomach aches so much that I can't fall asleep.
My stomach began to cramp uncomfortably.
My stomach began to growl.
My stomach cannot tolerate garlic or onions.
My stomach churned.
My stomach complaints are due to gastritis.
My stomach doesn't hurt anymore.
My stomach feels bloated.
My stomach feels heavy.
My stomach feels like I haven't eaten all day.
My stomach feels like it's on fire.
My stomach growled as I walked down the street.
My stomach growled.
My stomach has been hurting all day.
My stomach has been hurting.
My stomach hurts a lot.
My stomach hurts after meals.
My stomach hurts and I’ve lost my appetite.
My stomach hurts because I ate a lot.
My stomach hurts, my throat hurts, and I have a fever. I feel like I'm dying.
My stomach hurts.
My stomach hurts. Can I have some stomach medicine?
My stomach hurts. I wonder if I ate too much watermelon.
My stomach hurts. I wonder: was I poisoned by oysters?
My stomach is already gurgling.
My stomach is already rumbling.
My stomach is bloated.
My stomach is churning.
My stomach is clenched with hunger.
My stomach is disturbed.
My stomach is feeling a bit rough.
My stomach is feeling uneasy.
My stomach is flat.
My stomach is full of gas since I ate lunch.
My stomach is full.
My stomach is growling.
My stomach is grumbling.
My stomach is hurting because I drank a lot of wine.
My stomach is often a bit upset after eating spicy food.
My stomach is rumbling.
My stomach is sick.
My stomach is upset.
My stomach really hurts.
My stomach rumbled.
My stomach started growling right there in the meeting. It was embarrassing.
My stomach still hurts.
My stomach tightened.
My stomach's full.
My stomach’s full.
My story is rather different.
My story made the teacher cry.
My strategy is working.
My strategy worked.
My stream of consciousness is more like a hurricane.
My stream of consciousness is more like a waterfall in a windstorm.
My strength has improved.
My strength is all gone.
My strength is draining away. I'm losing consciousness.
My strength is exhausted.
My strength is returning.
My strength isn't back yet.
My strength to continue to fight ran out.
My strife for learning archaic words has no demarcation.
My strong point is my philosophy - nothing ventured nothing gained.
My stronger language is English but I am able to communicate in Spanish and translate somewhat effectively in Spanish.
My stronger language is French.
My strongest language is French.
My strongest language is definitely French.
My strongest language is probably Berber.
My student had a cat.
My students adore me.
My students are always studying.
My students are few in number, no more than five altogether.
My students are finally seeing things they never noticed before.
My students are learning to drive.
My students are waiting for me.
My students didn't seem to mind.
My students have been eagerly awaiting the test results.
My students like me.
My studies are financed by my mother.
My studies are going OK.
My studies are going okay.
My studies keep me pretty busy.
My study absorbed me in those days.
My study conditions aren't that great.
My study conditions aren’t that great.
My study faces the park.
My study is crammed full of books.
My study is upstairs.
My stuff doesn't sell there.
My stuff was stolen.
My style is entirely my own.
My subscription is ending in September.
My substitute teacher was being very inappropriate.
My success is largely due to your help.
My success is thanks to her.
My success was due in part to luck.
My success was due to your help.
My success was largely due to luck.
My success was mainly due to your help.
My success was, for the most part, thanks to his efforts.
My suffering comes from realizing you were disloyal.
My suffering is due to life’s miseries.
My sufferings began when I was just a child.
My suggestion for now is that we let Mary do what she wants.
My suggestion for now is that we let Tom and Mary do what they want.
My suggestion for now is that we let Tom do what he wants.
My suggestion is for more trees to be planted along the streets.
My suggestion is that you not give Tom any kind of gift.
My suggestion is you go home and get some sleep.
My suggestion was rejected out of hand.
My suggestion: get a dog.
My suit is gray.
My suit is grey.
My suitcase disappeared at the airport.
My suitcase got lost.
My suitcase has been stolen.
My suitcase is broken.
My suitcase is missing.
My suitcase is near the door.
My suitcase is over there next to yours.
My suitcase is over there.
My suitcase is packed.
My suitcase is still in my room.
My suitcase is under the chair.
My suitcase is very heavy.
My suitcase is very light.
My suitcase isn't as heavy as Tom's.
My suitcase isn't as heavy as it looks.
My suitcase isn't packed yet.
My suitcase isn't very heavy.
My suitcase isn't where I left it.
My suitcase was lost.
My suitcase was stolen at the airport.
My suitcases are full.
My suitcases are heavy.
My suitcases are too heavy.
My suitcases are very heavy.
My summer is officially over.
My summer school dress is blue and white checkered.
My summer vacation is almost over.
My summer vacation is at an end.
My summer vacation is coming to an end.
My sun inside rises from space.
My sunburn has started to blister.
My sunburn hurts.
My sunglasses are broken.
My sunglasses are newer than yours.
My sunglasses disappeared out of thin air since yesterday, and I still haven't come across them since I've been on the look-out for them.
My sunglasses went missing somewhere in the house and I couldn't find them for the past 24 hours.
My sunglasses were stolen at the beach yesterday.
My superior excused me for arriving late.
My supervisor is making me do this so I'm in no hurry to finish.
My supervisor is making me do this so I’m in no hurry to finish.
My supervisor looked at the revised schedule and nodded his agreement.
My surname is 'Wang.'
My surname is Ling.
My surname is Smith.
My surname is Wan.
My surname is Wang.
My surname is Zhou.
My surprise reached a climax, however, when I found incidentally that he was ignorant of the Copernican Theory and of the composition of the Solar System.
My survival skills are the most efficient when it comes to high-risk life situations.
My survival skills are the most useful when it comes to applying them in high-risk situations.
My suspension will end on October 20th.
My suspicions were unfounded.
My suspicious nature rescued my life.
My sweater is full of cockleburs.
My sweater is purple.
My sweater is ruined!
My sweater shrank in the wash.
My sweet darling, I miss you so much.
My sweet tooth got the better of me.
My sweetheart said it was only a temporary separation.
My swimming costume is too tight.
My swimsuit is too tight.
My swimsuit is very tight.
My sword is my life.
My sword may be blunt, but that's more than enough for someone like you.
My sword may be blunt, but that’s more than enough for someone like you.
My symptoms increase with age.
My symptoms may be a part of my life, but they don't define who I am as a person.
My t-shirt is soaked in sweat.
My table is old.
My tail hurts!
My tail light is broken.
My tailor is rich, but my French is poor.
My tailor is rich.
My tailor specialises in men's bespoke suits.
My taking the book is justified by my seeing it.
My tap broke and now I don't have any water.
My tape recorder is compatible with your amplifier.
My tarantula's name is Gemini.
My taste buds are tingling!
My taste has gotten heavier.
My taste in music is similar to yours.
My taste in music, at least, I don't consider it that bad.
My taste is quite different from yours.
My taste is quite normal.
My tastes differ greatly from yours.
My taxes pay your salary, right?
My taxi should be here soon.
My taylor is rich.
My tea is a little too sweet.
My tea is too sweet.
My tea, please.
My teacher accused me of plagiarism.
My teacher always said, "You can find happiness if you rid yourself of selfishness".
My teacher always said, "You can find happiness if you rid yourself of selfishness."
My teacher always says I'm impossible.
My teacher asked me out.
My teacher asked me to rewrite my essay.
My teacher brought me water.
My teacher bullied me.
My teacher called me "slut."
My teacher cooked a delicious dish of roast breadfruit and shared it with the class.
My teacher didn't believe I spent the entire night studying for the exam.
My teacher didn't like me.
My teacher doesn't like me. She's always giving me a hard time.
My teacher doesn’t like me. She’s always giving me a hard time.
My teacher drove me home.
My teacher encouraged me in my studies.
My teacher encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions.
My teacher found out that I was skipping class and he raked me over the coals.
My teacher guided me in the choice of a career.
My teacher had a crush on me.
My teacher had me standing in the classroom.
My teacher has a very soft voice.
My teacher has a weird name.
My teacher has perfect trust in me.
My teacher hates me.
My teacher is Miss Bakir.
My teacher is Mr. Haddad.
My teacher is Mrs. Li.
My teacher is a perv.
My teacher is a psychotic bitch.
My teacher is a stickler for grammar.
My teacher is called Breno.
My teacher is cool.
My teacher is gonna kill me.
My teacher is mad at me because I keep falling asleep in class.
My teacher is much better than yours.
My teacher is really beautiful.
My teacher is smart.
My teacher is too bookish.
My teacher is traveling. When he returns, he will correct my sentences.
My teacher is very strict.
My teacher looked over my composition.
My teacher meted out physical punishment to his pupils.
My teacher picked on me and never misses an opportunity to humiliate me in front of the other classmates.
My teacher pulled me to the side with another girl.
My teacher put in a good word for me.
My teacher recommended me to read Shakespeare.
My teacher recommended that I read Shakespeare.
My teacher recommended that dictionary.
My teacher reproached me for being lazy.
My teacher says I shouldn't do that.
My teacher says I speak better than most natives my age.
My teacher says I'm a talented student.
My teacher smiled at me.
My teacher suggested a course to me which I could sign up for at the end of the year.
My teacher taught me that you can take the square root of a negative number.
My teacher told me that I didn't devote enough time to preparing my lecture.
My teacher told me that I didn't devote enough time to preparing my speech.
My teacher told me that I should have devoted more time to preparing my speech.
My teacher told me that I should have spent more time preparing my presentation.
My teacher told me that I should have spent more time preparing my speech.
My teacher told me that I should've devoted more time to preparing my speech.
My teacher told me that I should've spent more time preparing my presentation.
My teacher told me that I should've spent more time preparing my speech.
My teacher told me to read as much as I could.
My teacher told me to turn in my paper as soon as possible.
My teacher told my mother that I don't pay attention in class.
My teacher tried to get jiggy with me.
My teacher used to ask me for massages in the classroom.
My teacher usually gives a lot of homework.
My teacher warned me not to do it again.
My teacher warned me not to do it anymore.
My teacher was Muslim.
My teacher was a perv.
My teacher was a pervert.
My teacher was a predator.
My teacher was attracted to me.
My teacher was in the hallway, talking to another teacher.
My teacher was sitting there.
My teacher was standing there.
My teacher was very nice and patient.
My teacher works harder than all of his students together.
My teacher would certainly change his profession if all his students gave him as much work as I do.
My teacher writes Chinese without a mistake!
My teacher wrote a recommendation for me.
My teacher's instructions are always to the point.
My teacher's name is Mrs Bakir.
My teacher's name is Tom Jackson.
My teacher's words often come back to me.
My teacher, exasperated, now shifts his eyes upon me.
My teachers always liked me.
My teachers are very strict.
My teachers like me.
My teachers spend half the class not teaching.
My teachers used to yell at me a lot.
My teachers were completely against this idea.
My teachers were very strict.
My teacher’s instructions are always to the point.
My teacher’s word often come back to me.
My team consists of ten people.
My team contains ten people.
My team has never advanced beyond the quarter-finals.
My team has won many medals.
My team is always losing.
My team is great.
My team is on the way.
My team is the best!
My team is the leading team.
My team lost eight matches without scoring a single goal.
My team scored a goal and played well, only at the beginning of the match. Afterwards, it seemed to get tired and lose all its energy.
My team won its game by one point in the last minute.
My team won the match.
My team's coach is Romanian and his name is Antenor.
My team, technically inferior to the opposition, excelled by playing with great commitment and admirable tactical application.
My teammates have been great.
My tear glands have been loose all my life, but once I passed 40 I became much more easily moved to tears.
My tears are cold.
My technique could be improved.
My technique is without flaw.
My teddy bear helped me with my math homework.
My teenage son came out as transgender last week.
My teenage son practices self-exploration regularly.
My teenage son will be in Boston all summer.
My teeth ache from the operation.
My teeth ache. I need to make an appointment with my dentist.
My teeth are all misaligned, so I'm thinking I might get some braces to try and correct them.
My teeth are chattering because of the cold.
My teeth are sensitive to cold foods.
My teeth are sensitive to cold.
My teeth are sensitive to the cold.
My teeth are still loose from the last fight.
My teeth are totally healthy and free of problems.
My teeth are white.
My teeth aren't as white as I'd like them to be.
My teeth chattered with cold.
My teeth hurt when I drink something cold.
My teeth hurt.
My telephone doesn't work.
My telephone is out of order.
My telephone is pretty.
My telephone number is 789.
My telephone number is 9876-5432.
My telephone plan does not accept reverse charge calls.
My telephone plan does not cover collect calls.
My telephone service was cut off because of unpaid bills.
My television is broken.
My television is old.
My television set is 15 years old, but it still works perfectly.
My television was broken down, so I had to get it repaired.
My telly has had it.
My telly has packed up again.
My temper sometimes gets the better of me.
My temperature is 38 degrees.
My temperature is normal.
My temperature was below thirty-seven degrees this morning.
My temples are hurting me terribly.
My tendency is to characterize much of this universe as a very vast desert with rare biology. Meanwhile, my friend Bratislav "Brian" Tepsa opines that forms of biology are ubiquitous throughout this universe. I remain receptive.
My tennis hasn't improved in the slightest.
My tennis hasn’t improved in the slightest.
My tent is by the sea.
My term of service in India had trained me to stand heat better than cold, and a thermometer at ninety was no hardship.
My test score was very low.
My testimony can't be bought.
My text in Kabyle is filled with errors.
My textbooks cost a lot.
My textbooks cost me a lot.
My thanks go to all the doctors and nurses of the hospital’s infectious diseases unit.
My thanks in advance for not opening the windows.
My thanks to all of you.
My theory explains everything.
My theory is that he followed Drebber as far as the Brixton Road. When there, a fresh altercation arose between them, in the course of which Drebber received a blow from the stick, in the pit of the stomach perhaps, which killed him without leaving any mark.
My therapist always gets an erection when he sees me.
My therapist always gets hard when he sees me.
My therapist is insane.
My therapist told me to go to a bar and strike up a conversation with a complete stranger.
My therapist, who is a Scorpio, is burning with desire whenever he sees me.
My thermos is empty.
My thermos was stolen.
My thesis advisor's weak praise made me feel as though I'd never live up to his standards.
My thighs aren't as toned as they used to be.
My things are all in a jumble.
My things are also your things.
My things are in the basement.
My third appointment was with a woman who was pregnant.
My third child was born four years after the first, on the same day.
My third delirium was the most terrifying.
My third husband bought me this.
My third wife was from Boston.
My thirst is quenched.
My thirteen year old girl loves to watch romance movies.
My thirteen-year-old daughter is going on her first date tomorrow.
My thirteen-year-old is going on her first date tomorrow.
My thirteen-year-old is going on his first date tomorrow.
My thirteen-year-old son is going on his first date tomorrow.
My thoughts about you are still the same.
My thoughts agree with theirs.
My thoughts and prayers are with all those who were affected by this terrible tragedy.
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
My thoughts and prayers are with you.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims, the survivors, and their families.
My thoughts and prayers go out to you and yours.
My thoughts are free.
My thoughts are in agreement with them.
My thoughts are racing, making it hard to focus on one thing at a time.
My thoughts are stuck in the web of Lviv's streets.
My thoughts are stuck in the web of the streets of Lviv.
My thoughts are with all of you.
My thoughts are with everyone who's going through a difficult moment.
My thoughts are with the families of the victims.
My thoughts are with you.
My thoughts come together beautifully in my mind.
My thoughts concur with theirs.
My thoughts exactly!
My thoughts feel as if they had been all stirred up until they were thick and muddy.
My thoughts flow freely in the stillness of the night.
My thoughts matter and should be considered.
My thoughts often wander to you.
My thoughts on life vary with my mood, and I have a mood disorder.
My thoughts sometimes may be conveyed tachyonically, faster than light, so they can go back in time.
My three friends use French.
My three half brothers have no children.
My three sons still live in Australia.
My three sons still live in Boston.
My three-days’ beard is now longer than my hair.
My three-year-old daughter asked me to take her to the park.
My three-year-old is really getting on my nerves.
My three-year-old niece kissed me on the cheek.
My throat burns.
My throat feels a bit dry.
My throat feels clogged up.
My throat feels dry and raw and scratchy.
My throat feels dry.
My throat has dried up.
My throat hurts and my body feels heavy. It looks like I've caught a cold somehow.
My throat hurts and my body feels heavy. It looks like I’ve caught a cold somehow.
My throat hurts because I'm sick.
My throat hurts like hell.
My throat hurts when I swallow.
My throat hurts, and I have a fever. Can I have some cold medicine?
My throat hurts.
My throat infection moved to my ears, so now I can't hear very well.
My throat is a bit dry.
My throat is a little dry.
My throat is a little sore.
My throat is dry as a side effect from the medicine I’m taking.
My throat is dry! I can’t stop coughing!
My throat is dry.
My throat is hurting and my nose is runny.
My throat is irritated.
My throat is parched.
My throat is scratchy.
My throat is sick.
My throat is sore from the secondhand smoke.
My throat is sore.
My throat is very sore.
My throat really hurts when I swallow.
My throat suddenly was dry.
My throat was bone-dry.
My throat was itching.
My throat went dry.
My throat's a little dry.
My thumbnail ripped off.
My tie is orange.
My tight wad husband took me to McDonald's for our anniversary.
My time for these exercise and reading was at night, after work or before it began in the morning, or on Sundays.
My time has come.
My time has not yet come.
My time here has influenced the way I speak.
My time in school will be one of my happiest memories.
My time is expensive because time is the most precious thing we have. But for learning languages, I always have the time. Because with each new word we learn, our world becomes a tad more interesting.
My time is generally fully utilized.
My time is limited.
My time is not my own.
My time is running out.
My time is up.
My time is valuable.
My time is very expensive.
My time is very valuable.
My timing couldn't have been better.
My timing couldn't've been better.
My tire's flat.
My to-do list is never-ending.
My to-read pile never gets shorter.
My toe began to bleed.
My toe is broken.
My toe is bruised.
My toe is fine now.
My toe started bleeding.
My toes are cold. I guess I will put on my socks.
My toes are freezing.
My toes are frozen.
My toes are getting numb.
My toes are numb.
My toes hurt.
My tolerance is wearing thin; let’s resolve this quickly.
My tomatoes refuse to ripen.
My tomcat has a sunburn.
My tongue failed me.
My tongue is a pen of a scribe.
My tongue is burning from the chillis.
My tongue is pink.
My tongue is swollen, and I can't taste a thing!
My tongue is very sharp. Don't make any noise. Don't close the window, please.
My tongue slipped.
My tongue tastes like the salt of your tears.
My tongue – my enemy.
My toolbox contains only pliers, a hammer, and a screwdriver.
My toolbox is in the back of my truck.
My toolbox is in the boot.
My toolbox is in the trunk.
My tooth ached when I had ice cream, so I might have a cavity.
My tooth aches.
My tooth fell out.
My tooth hurts badly.
My tooth hurts when I try eating ice cream.
My tooth hurts.
My tooth hurts. I can't stand this pain.
My tooth is chipped.
My tooth is giving me unbelievable pain.
My tooth is killing me.
My tooth is loose.
My tooth is making me suffer horribly.
My tooth is really hurting.
My tooth is still hurting.
My tooth is wobbling.
My tooth still hurts.
My toothache prevented me from sleeping.
My toothache returned in a few hours.
My toothache stopped me sleeping.
My torch has stopped working.
My torch needs new batteries.
My total income is far short of 300,000 yen a month, inclusive of extra earnings.
My toughest fight was with my first wife.
My tour guide is Algerian.
My towel has red and yellow stripes.
My towel is covered in red ants!
My towels always smell fresh.
My towels are fresh-smelling and absorbent.
My towels are fresh-smelling and fluffy.
My towels are fresh-smelling and soft.
My towels faded.
My towing rack is broken.
My town has a castle.
My town has a population of about 30,000 people.
My town has two supermarkets.
My town is a few kilometres away from the coast.
My town is a few miles from the coast.
My town is by the sea.
My town is infested with tourists in the summer.
My town is not what it used to be.
My town is quiet early Sunday morning.
My town is quiet on early Sunday morning.
My town is surrounded by tall mountains.
My toy is broken.
My trail camera has yet to capture a white-furred ermine.
My train already left.
My train arrives at Düsseldorf at 6.25 a.m. tomorrow.
My train arrives in Düsseldorf at 6.25 a.m. tomorrow.
My train arrives in Düsseldorf at 6.25 tomorrow morning.
My train departs in ten minutes.
My train goes in ten minutes.
My train has been delayed.
My train is delayed.
My train is late.
My train is leaving in ten minutes.
My train leaves at seven, arriving in Tokyo at nine.
My train leaves at six o'clock and arrives there at ten o'clock.
My train leaves at six o'clock and gets there at ten o'clock.
My train leaves at six o’clock and arrives there at ten o’clock.
My train leaves in ten minutes.
My train left Kyoto at six, and arrived in Tokyo at nine.
My train left a long time ago.
My train left at 7 and arrived in New York at 10.
My train left at six and arrived at ten.
My train of thought has no rails.
My train of thought is a spaceship.
My train started at seven, arrived in New York at 10.
My train to Düsseldorf will arrive tomorrow at 06:25 AM.
My train to Düsseldorf will arrive tomorrow morning twenty-five minutes past six o'clock.
My train was late.
My train was running late.
My train will be leaving in a few minutes.
My train's been delayed.
My train's in an hour.
My trainers are wet.
My trainer’s exercise consists of a treadmill with me running at an intensity of 90% top effort.
My transition from male to female is going well.
My translations were submitted.
My travel fees to Japan are paid for by the university.
My traveler's checks were stolen.
My treat.
My tree had a few blossoms but no fruit.
My tree had some blossom, but no fruit.
My tree looks sick. I wonder what's wrong with it.
My tree looks sick. What's wrong with it?
My trial resumes Monday.
My trial resumes on Monday.
My trial started in October.
My trial started today.
My trial starts tomorrow.
My trial will begin in October.
My triceps get stronger with regular exercise in the gym.
My trip to Algiers was exciting.
My trip to Australia is officially booked.
My trip to Kabylie opened my mind to the various cultures of the rest of Algeria.
My trip to Kabylie opened my mind to the various cultures of the rest of the world.
My trip to Kabylie opened my mind to the world.
My troubles aren't over yet.
My troubles aren't yet over.
My trousers are wet.
My trousers don't have pockets.
My trousers will fit you perfectly.
My truck doesn't fit in the garage.
My truck got stuck in the mud.
My truck has been stolen.
My truck is parked behind the shed.
My truck is parked over there.
My truck is still parked out back.
My truck is very tough.
My truck was slightly damaged in the accident.
My truck was stolen.
My true identity will remain hidden from you.
My true potential goes beyond what can be initially perceived by others.
My tummy hurts.
My tummy is aching from laughing so hard.
My tummy is not happy today.
My tummy's rumbling. I'm hungry.
My tummy's rumbling. Maybe I can invite myself over to Tom's for dinner. He ought to be sitting down to it about now.
My tummy's rumbling. Maybe I can invite myself over to Tom's for tea. He should be having it about now.
My turn comes next.
My turn finally came.
My turn has not come yet.
My turn will come.
My turn!
My turn, right?
My turtle lives in an aquarium.
My turtle ran away.
My tutor scolded me for my stupid behavior.
My twelve year old boy doesn't like to play baseball.
My twelve year old boy doesn’t like to play baseball.
My twin and I visit grandma every weekend.
My twin brother and I are outwardly as alike as two peas in a pod, but in fact, we're as different as fire and water.
My twin brother is so gullible.
My twin brother's name is Tom.
My twin brothers are so gullible.
My two sisters look gorgeous.
My two sons are here.
My two strongest languages are French and English.
My two-year-old won't eat some of the healthy food I've been trying to feed him.
My two-year-old won’t eat some of the healthy food I’ve been trying to feed him.
My type is someone who doesn't care too much about their appearance.
My typewriter got broken; as a consequence, I borrowed my friend's.
My tyre's flat.
My ultrasound is Tuesday.
My ultrasound is on Tuesday.
My ultrasound's on Tuesday.
My umbrella broke.
My umbrella doesn't really keep me dry.
My umbrella is missing.
My umbrella protects me from the rain.
My umbrella will serve for a weapon, should the occasion arise.
My umbrella's broken.
My unbiased opinion is that the movie is awful.
My uncle Bob fixed my clock and now it tells the time correctly.
My uncle José Canuto, my father's brother, had one of the most beautiful voices (he was a tenor) that I have ever heard in my entire life.
My uncle Tom and aunt Mary live in Boston.
My uncle Tom is an alien from Alpha Centauri.
My uncle Tom painted that.
My uncle agreed.
My uncle always cooks nopals.
My uncle always did well by us.
My uncle and I watch nature documentaries together.
My uncle and aunt like spending their summer vacation at a seaside resort. They go sea-bathing everyday during their stay.
My uncle and aunt live in France.
My uncle and aunt on my father's side will have twins. They are my little cousins.
My uncle arrived unexpectedly from Kobe.
My uncle asked me to take care of the chickens.
My uncle became rich thanks to his paper mill.
My uncle blew in from Kobe.
My uncle bought a car yesterday.
My uncle bought a new television for us.
My uncle bought me a watch, which keeps good time.
My uncle bought me the same camera as you have.
My uncle bought me this book.
My uncle bought the same camera as you have.
My uncle brought a new TV set for us.
My uncle brought a two-tiered box of chocolates from Doha.
My uncle called on a woman.
My uncle calls me every three days.
My uncle calls on me every three days.
My uncle came to celebrate Christmas with us.
My uncle came to see me.
My uncle can drink from three bottles at the same time.
My uncle can speak German.
My uncle collects Chinese fans.
My uncle comes back from America next Monday.
My uncle comes to see me from time to time.
My uncle comes to see me once in a while.
My uncle constantly causes his family trouble.
My uncle deals in fish.
My uncle didn't die from natural causes.
My uncle didn’t die from natural causes.
My uncle died a year ago.
My uncle died of cancer of the stomach yesterday.
My uncle died of cancer two years ago.
My uncle died of cancer.
My uncle died of lung cancer.
My uncle died there.
My uncle doesn't have any arms.
My uncle drives a Ford.
My uncle dropped in on me yesterday.
My uncle engaged himself in teaching cooking.
My uncle from America always spends his holidays in Europe.
My uncle gave him a gift.
My uncle gave him a present.
My uncle gave his car to me.
My uncle gave me a beautiful necklace for my birthday.
My uncle gave me a book yesterday. Here is the book.
My uncle gave me a book yesterday. This is the book.
My uncle gave me a book.
My uncle gave me a camera.
My uncle gave me a friendly piece of advice.
My uncle gave me a gift.
My uncle gave me a great deal on a new cell phone.
My uncle gave me a pair of shoes.
My uncle gave me a present.
My uncle gave me an hourglass.
My uncle gave me his car.
My uncle gave me some good advice when I was in trouble.
My uncle gave me the watch.
My uncle gave me this watch.
My uncle gave you a present.
My uncle goes chugging beer with his childhood friends every Friday night.
My uncle guaranteed my debts.
My uncle had a kiwi vine on his porch. The fruit was delicious.
My uncle had me act as a translator.
My uncle had me act as an interpreter.
My uncle has 3 children.
My uncle has a business trip to Aomori tomorrow.
My uncle has a deep interest in art.
My uncle has a farm in the village.
My uncle has a flower shop near the station.
My uncle has a glass eye and a wooden leg.
My uncle has a good knowledge of French.
My uncle has a house in Italy.
My uncle has a large family to provide for.
My uncle has a large family.
My uncle has a moustache and a bald head.
My uncle has a store along the street.
My uncle has a ton of money.
My uncle has been calling.
My uncle has been dead for three years.
My uncle has been diagnosed with leukemia.
My uncle has been to Finland.
My uncle has completely recovered from his illness.
My uncle has lived in Paris for ten years.
My uncle has made me what I am today.
My uncle has made me what I am.
My uncle has retired so he is at loose ends.
My uncle has seen a lot of life.
My uncle has three children.
My uncle hired me.
My uncle is a doctor.
My uncle is a fuddy-duddy who thinks life was better back in the 1950s.
My uncle is a geophysicist; he studies terrestrial structure, such as physical interactions applied to it.
My uncle is a lawyer.
My uncle is a lousy driver.
My uncle is a very heavy smoker; tobacco is indispensable to him.
My uncle is a very old man.
My uncle is a veteran of the Vietnam War.
My uncle is already fifty but he still plays sports.
My uncle is an amateur cricket player.
My uncle is an undocumented immigrant.
My uncle is angry.
My uncle is colorblind, and my grandmother didn't notice until he called his friends green guys, and even then she thought the young boy was spinning an alien abduction story about being taken away by little green men.
My uncle is coming to see us tomorrow.
My uncle is deaf.
My uncle is forty years old.
My uncle is from Madagascar. He is Madagascan.
My uncle is generous with his money.
My uncle is in charge of the third-year class.
My uncle is in his forties.
My uncle is my mother's brother.
My uncle is not young, but he is healthy.
My uncle is not young, but healthy.
My uncle is playing the guitar.
My uncle is possessed of great wealth.
My uncle is quite portly – or, to put it less politely, quite fat.
My uncle is rich.
My uncle is slender, but my aunt is stout.
My uncle is slim, but my aunt is fat.
My uncle is staying in Hong Kong at present.
My uncle is staying with us this week.
My uncle is taking English at university.
My uncle is the author of the book.
My uncle is the manager of this hotel.
My uncle is the mayor of our city.
My uncle is the only person who uses this word.
My uncle is thin, but my aunt is fat.
My uncle is very fond of fishing.
My uncle is very rich.
My uncle isn't young, but he's healthy.
My uncle keeps a dog.
My uncle kept on drinking in spite of his doctor's advice.
My uncle kept on drinking in spite of his doctor’s advice.
My uncle lent the joiner five shillings.
My uncle lived a happy life and died a peaceful death.
My uncle lived a happy life.
My uncle lived abroad for many years.
My uncle lived alone in a secluded house on the cape.
My uncle lived in Washington, D. C. for two years.
My uncle lived to be ninety.
My uncle lives in Australia.
My uncle lives in Boston.
My uncle lives in Germany.
My uncle lives in Keitum.
My uncle lives in London.
My uncle lives in Madrid, the capital of Spain.
My uncle lives in New York City.
My uncle lives in New York.
My uncle lives in Tashkent.
My uncle lives in a lovely flat.
My uncle lives in a mansion.
My uncle lives in an apartment.
My uncle lives in central London.
My uncle lives in the east of Spain.
My uncle lives near the school.
My uncle lives next to the school.
My uncle lives right across the border.
My uncle made a fortune.
My uncle made a will last year.
My uncle made me serve as interpreter.
My uncle manages a firm.
My uncle met with a traffic accident yesterday.
My uncle never writes letters.
My uncle now lives in comfort.
My uncle owns a farm in the village.
My uncle passed away a few months ago.
My uncle plays guitar.
My uncle plays the guitar.
My uncle possesses great wealth.
My uncle retired from teaching last year, but he still managed to hang onto a position at the university.
My uncle runs a hotel.
My uncle said that he jogs every morning.
My uncle says he jogs every morning.
My uncle says he's about to embark on a new business venture.
My uncle says he’s about to embark on a new business venture.
My uncle sends me a birthday present every year.
My uncle studies English at the university.
My uncle suffers from osteoporosis.
My uncle talks about you all the time.
My uncle teaches English at a university.
My uncle teaches English at the university.
My uncle teaches English in a college.
My uncle tells me every day how much he hates politics and politicians.
My uncle told me the story by way of a joke.
My uncle took me for a ride in the countryside.
My uncle used to wear glasses ten years ago.
My uncle uses a cigarette holder.
My uncle was a tailor.
My uncle was coming to see us the next day.
My uncle was involved in the traffic accident.
My uncle was standing there with his arms folded.
My uncle was the only person injured in the car accident.
My uncle was willing to agree to my suggestion.
My uncle went to Mexico in 1983 and never came back.
My uncle went to Mexico in 1983 and never returned.
My uncle went to Mexico in 1983, and he never came back.
My uncle went to Mexico in 1983, never to come back.
My uncle went to sea at 18.
My uncle who lives in Boston visited us last week.
My uncle who lives in Paris visited us.
My uncle will be cooking nopals.
My uncle will be cooking tortillas.
My uncle will have been in New York for two years next month.
My uncle won't be eligible for parole for another 8 months.
My uncle works as a clown at a circus.
My uncle works in a lighthouse.
My uncle works in construction.
My uncle works in this office.
My uncle would always slur his words when he had had too much to drink.
My uncle would build everything.
My uncle would not have employed him but that he was very energetic.
My uncle wrote this letter of introduction.
My uncle wrote this letter of recommendation.
My uncle yielded his car to me.
My uncle's blog posts about his travels in Thailand have piqued my interest in Asian culture.
My uncle's brother's son got involved in a shady business and disgraced the family.
My uncle's car is faster than mine.
My uncle's company launched a new product last month.
My uncle's dog bit me.
My uncle's handwriting is hard to read.
My uncle's hobby is playing baseball.
My uncle's job was teaching cooking.
My uncle's on a business trip to Aomori tomorrow.
My uncle's prosthetic leg is causing him trouble lately, so he's going to talk to his doc about replacing it with a newer model.
My uncle's son is my cousin.
My uncle's wife is my aunt.
My uncle, who lives in Osaka, visited us yesterday.
My uncle, who lives in Paris, came to see us.
My uncles come to see me from time to time.
My uncles live in London.
My uncles will spend New Year's Eve in Japan. If envy could kill...
My uncle’s blog posts about his travels in Thailand have piqued my interest in Asian culture.
My uncle’s brother’s son got involved in a shady business and disgraced the family.
My uncle’s car is faster than mine.
My uncle’s company launched a new product last month.
My uncle’s handwriting is hard to read.
My uncle’s hobby is playing baseball.
My uncle’s job was teaching cooking.
My uncle’s on a business trip to Aomori tomorrow.
My uncle’s whole family came to hear the storyteller, and even some of my aunt’s relatives from the neighboring housing on the other side of the hill.
My uncommonly well-made sneaker lasted 5 years. Its mate did not.
My underpants are wet.
My understanding is that 99 percent of Romanians speak Romanian.
My understanding is that there are a lot of Bisaya than Tagalog even though the basis of Standard Filipino Language is Tagalog.
My understanding is that you're coming next summer.
My underwear is black.
My underwear is dirty.
My unfinished conlang prototype is Weena, which would have tentatively 80 sinograms and a complement of phonograms. Weena would be minimalistically like a bonsai of Japanese, with the intent of encapsulating the calligraphic tradition of the Far East. The name alludes to an Eloi character in The Time Machine franchise of H.G. Wells.
My unfortunate heart is afflicted.
My unhappiness probably is because I very much like to be alone.
My unhealthy obsession with ribeye steak started the day I emigrated to the UK, there they were, in the meat aisle of the supermarket, tempting me.
My uniform shrank.
My university can't afford to grit its car parks.
My university can’t afford to grit its car parks.
My university exams are looming increasingly ahead and I feel like I'm crumbling under a lot of stress.
My university friend is against terror.
My university has a dorm.
My university has a dormitory.
My university has a hall of residence.
My university has dormitories.
My university has halls of residence.
My university is celebrating its centennial this year, so you can see banners with its colors, logo, and mascot all over the place.
My university is different.
My university is in a good location, being near a big forest and a body of water.
My university is international.
My university tuition fees are too expensive.
My university's Museum of Anthropology has indigenous artifacts collections from all over this world.
My unpaid liabilities are still $100.
My upcoming book will be titled "The Experiences of a Sausage."
My upcoming visit isn't until the end of October.
My upper left back tooth hurts.
My upper right wisdom tooth hurts.
My upper-right molar has been throbbing since yesterday.
My upstairs neighbor flooded my apartment.
My upstairs neighbors are very noisy.
My upstairs neighbors stomp around like elephants.
My urge to jump on him was taking over.
My urge to slam my desk was reduced by the risk of fire.
My urine is a little red.
My urine is clear.
My urine is cloudy.
My urine is pink.
My urine smells bad.
My username is "Naruto".
My usual drink is apple juice with mineral water, but I also like orange juice.
My usual sleeping time is from seven to nine hours.
My vacation ends on Monday.
My vacation ends tomorrow.
My vacation is ending tomorrow.
My vacation is nearing its end.
My vacation is over.
My vacation was cut short.
My vacation was terrible.
My vacation went by quickly.
My vagina is beautiful!
My vagina is moist.
My van doesn't have a back seat.
My van has tinted windows.
My van is three years older than your van.
My van is three years older than yours.
My van isn't where I parked it.
My vegetables were eaten by caterpillars.
My vehicle is German.
My verbal incontinence has already caused a few issues for me.
My very educated mother just served us nine pizzas.
My very educated mother just served us noodles.
My very educated mother just showed us nine planets.
My vet recommended euthanizing my dog.
My vet recommended putting my dog to sleep.
My vet told me to feed my dog in the evening.
My vet won't feed his dog commercial dog food.
My vet won’t feed his dog commercial dog food.
My veterinarian makes house calls.
My video channel on YouTube has a wide viewership.
My view and yours are completely different.
My view is different from his as to what should be done.
My view of reality is drastically different from yours.
My view on this issue has changed.
My view was different from his as to what should be done.
My views are completely unlike others'. For a long time, people have given me a hard time for that.
My views are marginal.
My views are, shall we say, quite peculiar.
My views have changed since then.
My views have evolved since then.
My views of you have changed over time.
My views on the matter have changed.
My views on the matter have softened over the years.
My village is called At Mmεan.
My village's name is "Polperro".
My virtual reality headset is broken because it fell on the ground.
My virtues are called kindness and leniency.
My visa expired three months ago.
My visa has expired.
My visa is going to expire in three months.
My visa needs to be renewed.
My vision deteriorated.
My vision improved.
My vision is blurred.
My vision is blurry from joy.
My vision is blurry.
My vision is getting worse these days.
My vision is not what it used to be.
My vision's getting worse.
My visit to the al-Aqsa Mosque was an emotional journey.
My vocabulary allows me to express myself precisely.
My vocabulary is limited.
My vocabulary is very limited in other languages.
My vocal range is from E2 to E5.
My vodka is strong.
My voice caught in my throat.
My voice could use a rest.
My voice does not sound like that!
My voice got hoarse.
My voice has gone because of my cold.
My voice is a bit hoarse.
My voice is hoarse from a cold.
My voice is hoarse.
My voice is important and deserves recognition.
My voice is raspy because I caught a cold.
My voice is tired.
My voice returned to me.
My voice trailed off.
My voice was ignored in the discussion.
My voice was shaking.
My voice wasn't the loudest one in the room.
My waist size has recently increased. I guess it's middle-age spread.
My waist size has recently increased. I guess it’s middle-age spread.
My walk home takes me right past the library.
My wallet and passport are missing.
My wallet has been stolen, so I'm going to call the police.
My wallet has been stolen.
My wallet is brown.
My wallet is in my pocket.
My wallet is made of leather.
My wallet no longer has money.
My wallet was not stolen by him.
My wallet was stolen by Tom.
My wallet was stolen in the cloak room.
My wallet was stolen on the bridge.
My wallet was stolen on the bus.
My wallet was stolen while I was asleep.
My wallet was stolen without me noticing.
My wallet was stolen yesterday.
My wallet was stolen.
My wallet wasn't stolen by Tom.
My wallet wasn't stolen by him.
My wallet wasn’t stolen by him.
My wallet's been stolen.
My wallet's gone.
My wallet's in my pocket.
My wang is only one millimeter shorter than yours.
My wants are few and simple.
My wardrobe has four doors and two mirrors. It was manufactured by a Swedish company, whose name contains three vowels and a consonant.
My washing machine broke.
My washing machine is broken, so I'll wash my clothes at the launderette.
My washing machine is broken.
My washing machine is making strange noises.
My washing machine makes a hell of a noise when it spins.
My washing machine makes one hell of a racket.
My watch broke.
My watch costs less than yours.
My watch didn't cost as much as yours.
My watch doesn't keep good time.
My watch doesn’t keep good time.
My watch gains five minutes a day.
My watch gains five seconds a day.
My watch gains five seconds every day.
My watch gains one minute a day.
My watch gains ten minutes a day.
My watch gains thirty seconds a month.
My watch gains two minutes a month.
My watch gets behind by 5 seconds every day.
My watch has been repaired.
My watch has been stolen.
My watch has disappeared.
My watch has everything, even a calculator.
My watch has gone.
My watch has run down.
My watch has seventeen jewels.
My watch has stopped working.
My watch has stopped.
My watch is about to start.
My watch is accurate.
My watch is an hour slow.
My watch is analog.
My watch is broken, so I want a new one.
My watch is broken.
My watch is different from yours.
My watch is different than yours.
My watch is five minutes fast.
My watch is five minutes slow.
My watch is gold-plated.
My watch is less expensive than yours.
My watch is made of gold.
My watch is more accurate than yours.
My watch is not correct.
My watch is not working correctly.
My watch is not working normally.
My watch is not working right.
My watch is off.
My watch is right.
My watch is running all right.
My watch is ten minutes fast.
My watch is ten minutes late.
My watch is ten minutes slow.
My watch is two minutes fast.
My watch is very accurate.
My watch is very precise.
My watch is waterproof.
My watch is way off the right time again today.
My watch isn't as expensive as yours.
My watch isn't running right.
My watch isn't working properly.
My watch isn't working well.
My watch isn’t running right.
My watch keeps good time.
My watch keeps very good time.
My watch loses five minutes a day.
My watch loses ten minutes a day.
My watch loses three minutes a day.
My watch loses three minutes a week.
My watch loses two minutes a day.
My watch may be advanced by one or two minutes.
My watch may be one or two minutes fast.
My watch must be slow.
My watch needs mending.
My watch needs only minor repairs.
My watch needs repairing.
My watch needs repairs.
My watch needs to be repaired.
My watch ran down and I didn't know the time.
My watch ran down and I didn’t know the time.
My watch runs too fast.
My watch says 2:30.
My watch says it's 2:30.
My watch says it's half two.
My watch says it's ten o'clock.
My watch says that it's three o'clock.
My watch seems to be broken.
My watch shows a different time than yours.
My watch stopped working.
My watch stopped, so I didn't know the time.
My watch stopped, so I didn't know what time it was.
My watch stopped, so I didn’t know the time.
My watch tells the date.
My watch was stolen last night.
My watch was stolen yesterday.
My watch was stolen.
My watch wasn't as expensive as yours.
My watch works poorly.
My watchdog is alert to the slightest sound and movement.
My water bottle is empty.
My water bottle just got spilled on my computer!
My water broke on the evening of the predicted birth date.
My water broke!
My water broke.
My watercolors were not expensive.
My way is action not words.
My way is better because it's the only way I know.
My way of joking is to tell the truth. It's the funniest joke in the world.
My way of looking at things is not at all similar to other people's. For a long time, people have criticized my point of view.
My way or the highway.
My way prevents that.
My website got hacked.
My website is banned in China.
My wedding ceremony will be in the village.
My wedding has to be perfect.
My wedding ring was crafted by a skilled goldsmith.
My wee-wee hurts.
My weight hasn't changed in the last three years.
My weight is 58 kilograms.
My weight is seventy-five kilos.
My weight now is the same as it was when I was in high school.
My weight stays the same no matter how much I eat.
My weight stays the same no matter what I eat.
My wet clothes clung to my body.
My what a narrow waist! Her face is small, she really looks just like a doll!
My wheelbarrow is full.
My white ex-neighbour Billy lived in a house in a corner of my Lulu Island neighbourhood. Chinese women now own the house and have since fixed up the house itself and the yard remarkably well.
My white ex-neighbour Bruce on Lulu Island thought that childhood was all that really mattered in one's life, as adulthood to him was really less important.
My white towels aren't as white as they used to be.
My whole back aches.
My whole back hurts.
My whole being tells me to keep going.
My whole body ached.
My whole body aches.
My whole body began to shake.
My whole body feels heavy.
My whole body hurt too much to move.
My whole body hurt.
My whole body hurts.
My whole body is black and blue.
My whole body is bruised from the rugby game.
My whole body is full of bruises from the rugby game.
My whole body is sore.
My whole body is sticky with sweat. I want to take a bath as quickly as possible in order to feel refreshed.
My whole body itches.
My whole body shivered when I heard that screeching sound.
My whole body started to shake.
My whole body tensed up.
My whole body was in pain.
My whole body was on fire.
My whole body was one big bruise after the rugby game.
My whole body was shaking.
My whole body was sore.
My whole body went cold.
My whole day was full of surprises.
My whole family died in the fire.
My whole family is doing well.
My whole family is from Boston.
My whole family is gone to Algeria.
My whole family perished in the fire.
My whole family will be there.
My whole family's from Boston.
My whole life I've been here and there, and I've never been able to consolidate any friendship.
My whole life hedges on this exam, I can’t afford to waste even a minute.
My whole life is inside this box.
My whole life is just a bad dream from which I can't wake up.
My whole life long, I fought against superstition.
My whole life revolves around love.
My whole life will change once I'm no longer married to you.
My whole life's in your hands.
My whole life, I've never seen anything like that.
My whole life, Iran has been one week away from a nuclear bomb.
My whole personality is questioning whether I am a lesbian or bisexual and never getting it straight.
My whole world came crushing down on me when I learnt that you were cheating on me with somebody else.
My whole world crumbled apart when I saw you cheating on me with someone else with my own eyes.
My whole world is falling apart.
My wife Lidia is a beautiful, clever woman.
My wife always critiques me.
My wife and I agreed on a holiday plan.
My wife and I always eat breakfast together.
My wife and I are best friends.
My wife and I are both from Australia.
My wife and I are both from Boston.
My wife and I are expecting our first child.
My wife and I are one.
My wife and I are planning to visit Australia next month.
My wife and I are planning to visit Boston next month.
My wife and I are preparing to retire.
My wife and I both can speak French.
My wife and I both enjoy playing chess.
My wife and I both grew up in Boston.
My wife and I both have driver's licenses.
My wife and I both want to do that.
My wife and I both want to go to Australia with you.
My wife and I both want to go to Boston with you.
My wife and I bought a house in Algiers.
My wife and I can both speak French.
My wife and I can't decide on names for the twins.
My wife and I did our Christmas shopping in October.
My wife and I have a joint bank account.
My wife and I have grown apart over the years.
My wife and I have the same profession: we are teachers. She teaches English and I teach Portuguese.
My wife and I haven't had sexual relations in years.
My wife and I hope to get away for a week during the Christmas break.
My wife and I like to go out for Chinese food once in a while.
My wife and I live in Australia.
My wife and I live in Boston.
My wife and I moved to northern Algeria.
My wife and I often eat in the kitchen.
My wife and I prefer to spend time at home together.
My wife and I sat on the couch to watch one of our favorite shows.
My wife and I sometimes go hiking with her parents.
My wife and I sometimes go hiking with my parents.
My wife and I sometimes go to eat Chinese.
My wife and I tell each other everything.
My wife and I were amazed by the size and beauty of Moscow.
My wife and I were both born in Australia.
My wife and I were both born in Boston.
My wife and I were just as happy as could be wished.
My wife and I were once very happy... until we met each other.
My wife and I would just like to go home quietly.
My wife and Mary were in the rear of the aircraft.
My wife and children depend on me.
My wife and children will be coming with me.
My wife and kids are all down with the flu.
My wife and kids are all feeling under the weather.
My wife and kids are all sick in bed.
My wife and kids are out of town this week.
My wife and kids came with me.
My wife and kids were there.
My wife arrived in the airport at seven o'clock.
My wife asked me to throw this old hat away.
My wife asked me what I would have for lunch.
My wife beats me.
My wife bought a new pram.
My wife burst into tears.
My wife buys vegetables from a supermarket nearby.
My wife called to let me know she wasn't cooking dinner tonight.
My wife called to me, "Your phone is ringing. Hurry up and answer it!"
My wife can no longer get pregnant.
My wife can't drive.
My wife can't know about any of this.
My wife can't sleep.
My wife can't visit Jerusalem because she is a Palestinian refugee.
My wife cannot sleep.
My wife catches colds easily.
My wife comes from Tizi-Ouzou, Algeria.
My wife complains a lot.
My wife cooks well.
My wife couldn't come.
My wife deliberated whether we would buy a new house or not.
My wife did not attend the party and neither did I.
My wife did not want to play chess with me.
My wife didn't come with me.
My wife didn't die.
My wife didn't seem to worry when I was out late.
My wife didn't want to come.
My wife died in 2013.
My wife died last week.
My wife died of cancer.
My wife died suddenly in a car accident.
My wife died three years ago.
My wife died three years back.
My wife died.
My wife does not share her experiences with me.
My wife does not share her worries with me.
My wife does the cooking and I wash the dishes.
My wife does the dishes.
My wife doesn't cook.
My wife doesn't drive.
My wife doesn't get up before me.
My wife doesn't like it when I call my car "baby."
My wife doesn't like it when I talk to her about politics.
My wife doesn't love me.
My wife doesn't seem to like even her own children.
My wife doesn't speak Berber.
My wife doesn’t get up before me.
My wife drives very poorly.
My wife forced me to learn Esperanto.
My wife gave birth prematurely to a 1,500-gram baby girl.
My wife gave birth prematurely to a 1500-gram baby girl.
My wife gave birth to a child when we were very poor. While she was sleeping, I cooked rice and vegetables for several days and surprised her with the variety and taste of my cooking.
My wife gave me a sign from across the room.
My wife gets on well with my mother.
My wife goes to the village market to buy foods every day.
My wife got a telegram today that her sister from Montreal is coming tonight and she's gone to the train to meet her and left orders for me to make a cake for tea.
My wife got really mad at me for not coming home last night.
My wife got worried.
My wife had a baby last week.
My wife had a hard time getting into the swing of our new life in America.
My wife had already gone upstairs, and the sound of the locking of the hall door some time before told me that the servants had also retired.
My wife had always been a woman of a frank, open nature, and it gave me a chill to see her slinking into her own room, and crying out and wincing when her own husband spoke to her.
My wife had terrible morning sickness during her first pregnancy.
My wife harbors a deep-seated resentment toward her father.
My wife has a beautiful alto voice.
My wife has a sweet tooth. She spends all day eating chocolate cake.
My wife has been calling.
My wife has been here once.
My wife has cooked a delicious meal.
My wife has decided to leave me.
My wife has difficulty sleeping.
My wife has disappeared.
My wife has faults. None the less, I love her.
My wife has filed for divorce.
My wife has given up all hope of convincing me to mow the lawn today.
My wife has had it in for me since I forgot her birthday.
My wife has just cleared the table.
My wife has just had a baby.
My wife has left me.
My wife has me on a short leash.
My wife has no libido since she got pregnant. What can I do?
My wife has the strange habit of pilfering wads of toilet paper from public restrooms.
My wife has too much work.
My wife has trouble sleeping.
My wife has two sisters.
My wife hates cats.
My wife helps me to spend my wage.
My wife holds the purse strings in our family.
My wife homeschools our children.
My wife is Algerian.
My wife is Berber.
My wife is Canadian.
My wife is Chinese.
My wife is Christian but I do not believe in God myself.
My wife is Italian.
My wife is Palestinian.
My wife is Polish.
My wife is Scottish.
My wife is Swedish.
My wife is Yuki-onna.
My wife is a Luxembourger.
My wife is a bad driver.
My wife is a doctor.
My wife is a doctor. She works in a pediatric clinic.
My wife is a good cook.
My wife is a good manager.
My wife is a lawyer.
My wife is a light sleeper.
My wife is a native of ÃœrÃ¼mqi.
My wife is a native of Ürümqi.
My wife is a paralegal.
My wife is a physician.
My wife is a poor driver.
My wife is a salesperson, but she's not working at the moment.
My wife is a scientist, too.
My wife is a seamstress.
My wife is a teacher.
My wife is a terrible driver.
My wife is a vegetarian.
My wife is a woman.
My wife is afraid to drive my new car.
My wife is also a scientist.
My wife is also dead.
My wife is also here.
My wife is always complaining about something.
My wife is always finding fault with me.
My wife is always telling me that I'm a bad husband.
My wife is an Italian.
My wife is an actress.
My wife is an alcoholic.
My wife is an astronaut at ESA.
My wife is anything but a good cook.
My wife is asleep on the couch, but her snoring is disturbing my sleep.
My wife is at home.
My wife is at my mother's.
My wife is away for the weekend.
My wife is chaste and pious.
My wife is cooking right now.
My wife is cooking.
My wife is crying a river of tears because Queen Elizabeth II has passed away.
My wife is definitely complicated!
My wife is dying.
My wife is from Algeria. She is Algerian.
My wife is from Australia.
My wife is from Boston.
My wife is from Kedah.
My wife is getting tired of the daily routine.
My wife is going out of town for a few days.
My wife is going to the market.
My wife is having a baby.
My wife is here as well.
My wife is here, too.
My wife is hiding something from me.
My wife is ignorant of the world.
My wife is ill.
My wife is in the way of my happiness.
My wife is leaving town for a few days.
My wife is liable to catch a cold.
My wife is mad.
My wife is mendacious for dating another man behind my back.
My wife is missing.
My wife is my best friend.
My wife is my boss.
My wife is not only the most beautiful woman I've ever met, she's also the most loyal and hardworking.
My wife is obsessed with cleaning.
My wife is obsessed with cleanliness.
My wife is on her way.
My wife is partial to apple pie.
My wife is possessed with the desire to buy a house.
My wife is pregnant!
My wife is pregnant.
My wife is preparing dinner right now.
My wife is six months pregnant with our first son.
My wife is so happy!
My wife is subject to moods.
My wife is suffering from pneumonia.
My wife is the boss at home.
My wife is the prettiest.
My wife is three years older than I am.
My wife is three years older than me.
My wife is three years younger than I am.
My wife is three years younger than me.
My wife is throwing a baby shower for her best friend.
My wife is too sincere. I don't know if it's good or bad.
My wife is trying to sleep.
My wife is usually the one who puts the children to bed.
My wife is very jealous.
My wife is very unpredictable.
My wife is very upset.
My wife is wearing a blue dress.
My wife is worried.
My wife isn't a very good driver.
My wife isn't beautiful. Yours is.
My wife isn't doing very well.
My wife isn’t beautiful. Yours is.
My wife just had a baby.
My wife keeps me on a short leash.
My wife keeps the household accounts.
My wife keeps to a strict diet.
My wife keeps track of our finances.
My wife left me a surprise.
My wife left me in October.
My wife left me three months ago.
My wife left me.
My wife lied to me.
My wife likes apple pie a lot.
My wife likes cats.
My wife likes the apple cake.
My wife likes to eat out and so she doesn't have to cook.
My wife likes to eat out and so she doesn’t have to cook.
My wife likes to eat out, so she doesn't have to cook.
My wife likes to eat out, so she doesn’t have to cook.
My wife likes to sleep only in the dark.
My wife likes to stick her nose in other people’s business.
My wife looked surprised.
My wife loves apple pie.
My wife loves cats.
My wife loves fish hors d'oeuvre, so it's easier for me to get a kitchen pass for my fishing.
My wife loves fish hors d’oeuvre, so it’s easier for me to get a kitchen pass for my fishing.
My wife loves her garden.
My wife loves romance novels.
My wife loves romantic novels.
My wife made me a delicious apple cake.
My wife makes fun of me.
My wife manages our money.
My wife means the world to me.
My wife never wanted to have kids.
My wife often called me when I was travelling abroad.
My wife often criticizes my parenting skills.
My wife often phones me when I'm travelling abroad.
My wife often rings me up, while she travels abroad.
My wife often talks to the plants.
My wife often telephones me when I'm traveling in another country.
My wife often telephones me when I’m traveling in another country.
My wife only likes to sleep in the dark.
My wife paints watercolor paintings.
My wife passed away a few months ago.
My wife passed away in 2013.
My wife passed out in the Muay Thai lesson.
My wife prepares very good meals in this kitchen.
My wife quit her job after her sister died.
My wife ran away with a coloured man.
My wife really hates cats.
My wife remembered having been in the town before.
My wife said that I had talked in my sleep.
My wife saw a very big spider on the kitchen ceiling.
My wife says she wants a divorce. What should I do?
My wife seemed to be as upset as myself, and I could see from the little questioning glances which she kept shooting at me that she understood that I disbelieved her statement, and that she was at her wits' end what to do.
My wife sent it from the registry office.
My wife showed excellent taste in decorating the room.
My wife shuddered at the sight of a one-eyed cat.
My wife sings a beautiful alto.
My wife sings in the ladies' choir.
My wife sings in the ladies’ choir.
My wife smokes.
My wife speaks Berber.
My wife speaks my language just a little bit.
My wife spends a lot more on clothes than I do.
My wife spends money as if I were the richest man in town.
My wife spends too much money on herself.
My wife spent all my money.
My wife started practicing Muay Thai today. I'm scared.
My wife started to work as a female reporter for the newspaper Yomiuri.
My wife stayed at home.
My wife still had a somewhat unflattering hairstyle back then.
My wife still hasn't met my parents.
My wife studies until 10 o'clock at night.
My wife suffers from mood swings.
My wife suffers from osteoporosis.
My wife suggested to me that I take her on the trip.
My wife supports me.
My wife talked me into buying a new car.
My wife telephones me often when I am abroad.
My wife thinks I'm crazy.
My wife thought long and hard about whether or not to buy a new house.
My wife throws my money around as if I were the richest man in town.
My wife told Tom I wasn't at home.
My wife told me to do away with this old hat.
My wife told me to throw this old hat away.
My wife took good care of this dog.
My wife took me by the neck.
My wife tried to persuade me into buying a new car.
My wife used to be a pro-wrestler, so if she ever catches me two-timing her, I'd be beaten to a pulp.
My wife used to be a pro-wrestler, so if she ever catches me two-timing her, I’d be beaten to a pulp.
My wife used to model for the artist to pay her tuition. I was that artist!
My wife used to stay home, but she works now.
My wife usually doesn't drink coffee at night, and neither do I.
My wife usually doesn't drink coffee at night. I don't either.
My wife usually doesn’t drink coffee at night, and neither do I.
My wife wanted to adopt a child.
My wife wants me to do away with this nice old hat.
My wife wants me to only drink light beer.
My wife wants to adopt a child.
My wife wants to convert to Islam.
My wife wants to learn Berber.
My wife was a Jackson.
My wife was a Smith.
My wife was called Marina.
My wife was furious with me.
My wife was mad.
My wife was pregnant at the time.
My wife was there.
My wife wears the pants in our house.
My wife went on a two-day trip.
My wife went to the farm.
My wife went to the movies.
My wife went to the powder room to freshen up.
My wife will be glad to see you, too.
My wife will pick me up at the airport.
My wife will stay home with the children.
My wife will stay home with the kids.
My wife will worry if I don't call her.
My wife won't talk to me except through her lawyer.
My wife won't use a microwave oven.
My wife works as a nurse at a local hospital.
My wife works at a music school.
My wife works in a nearby pub.
My wife works part time.
My wife would go to the window and look at the sea that could be seen in the distance.
My wife wouldn't like it if I did that.
My wife wouldn't like that.
My wife's 34 and she's a lovely person.
My wife's birthday is June 13th.
My wife's constant nagging is getting me down.
My wife's constant nagging really gets on my nerves.
My wife's father has dark hair.
My wife's father is my father-in-law, I am his son-in-law, and my father is my wife's father-in-law.
My wife's father is my father-in-law.
My wife's friend's name is Linda.
My wife's going to kill me.
My wife's grandpa always tells long stories.
My wife's hair was also cut by me.
My wife's hands are slightly smaller than the shop assistant's.
My wife's name is Lidia Zarębowa.
My wife's name is Mary and my son's name is John.
My wife's name is Mary.
My wife's name is Mary. What's your wife's name?
My wife's parents didn't attend our wedding.
My wife's parents didn't come to our wedding.
My wife's part-time job brings in a little extra money.
My wife's pregnant.
My wife's singing makes you want to run a mile.
My wife's sister lives with us.
My wife's taste in clothes is different from mine.
My wife's taste in dress is contrary to my own.
My wife's trying to sleep.
My wife's underwear is all old, I want to buy her some new ones online.
My wife's waiting for me at home.
My wife, the mother of my children, is Palestinian.
My wife, who grew up in Norway, made it very clear, from the first moment, that it wasn't practice to be of service to the husband at all times.
My wife’s constant nagging is getting me down.
My wife’s constant nagging really gets on my nerves.
My wife’s father is my father-in-law.
My wife’s hands are slightly smaller than the shop assistant’s.
My wife’s name is Lidia ZarÄ™bowa.
My wife’s part-time job brings in a little extra money.
My wife’s taste in dress is contrary to my own.
My wife’s trying to sleep.
My willpower has vanished, replaced by resignation.
My willy hurts.
My window opens into a garden.
My window was closed.
My window was open.
My windows were closed.
My windows were open.
My windscreen was frozen over.
My windscreen was iced up.
My windscreen was icy.
My windscreen wipers are broken.
My windshield has been cracked for the second time this year.
My windshield was icy.
My windshield wipers are broken.
My wine is excellent. And how is yours?
My wing mirror needs adjusting.
My wing mirror needs readjusting.
My wing mirror needs to be adjusted.
My wing mirror needs to be readjusted.
My wireless mouse started malfunctioning, so I immediately ordered a new one.
My wisdom teeth are coming in.
My wisdom teeth are coming through.
My wisdom tooth hurts.
My wisdom tooth is causing me pain.
My wisdom tooth is very sensitive to hot foods.
My wish came true.
My wish has come true!
My wish has come true.
My wish has finally been granted.
My wish has finally come true.
My wish is finally coming true now after all these years.
My wish is that one day all the people in world will go hand in hand.
My wish is to be a painter.
My wish is to be a singer.
My wish is to become a singer.
My wish is to become a teacher.
My wish is to conquer this mountain.
My wish is to escape this shithole of a country.
My wish is to go to Australia.
My wish is to go to Switzerland.
My wish is to know the meaning of life.
My wish is to own the world and to take over it completely.
My wish is to please you.
My wish is to study painting in Paris.
My wish list is very long.
My wish to go abroad is very strong.
My wish was granted.
My wishes came true.
My wishes for your father's rapid recovery.
My wishes for your father’s rapid recovery.
My wizard friend's name is Larry Popper.
My woman has always been you.
My wooden bed is actually quite heavy.
My word is as good as a signature.
My word is my bond.
My word of honour!
My word will prevail.
My words always fall on deaf ears.
My words angered her.
My words are carried away by the wind.
My words are golden.
My words are like a mirror; if a jackass read them, then don't expect he'd see an angel's face.
My words aren't coming out.
My words do not belong to me anymore, since I said them to the olive tree!
My words had the desired effect.
My words made her angry.
My words made them angry.
My words provoked her to anger.
My words were taken out of context.
My work at school was well above average.
My work at the TV station is handling letters written in by viewers.
My work colleague got his penis stuck in his zip.
My work environment isn't suitable, and I can't function well.
My work here is almost done.
My work here is almost finished.
My work here is done.
My work here is nearly finished.
My work is all done.
My work is almost finished.
My work is always feast or famine.
My work is as good as done.
My work is being reviewed by that man.
My work is done.
My work is finished here.
My work is finished.
My work is going well.
My work is just beginning.
My work is monotonous.
My work is my hobby.
My work is my life.
My work is my passion.
My work is not as easy as yours.
My work is not complete yet.
My work is progressing faster than I assumed it would.
My work is progressing faster than I thought it would.
My work is to wash my father's car.
My work is to wash my father’s car.
My work is unquestionably of higher quality than yours.
My work is unquestionably superior to yours in terms of quality.
My work is very complicated.
My work is very important.
My work is worth many times more.
My work isn't as easy as yours.
My work isn't complete yet.
My work isn't easy.
My work keeps me busy.
My work keeps me very, very busy.
My work takes me as far as the Sahara Desert.
My work was already finished on January 15th.
My work was to deliver pizza by motorcycle.
My workers are clumsy.
My workplace in the late 1980s and early 1990s was an old brick building with wooden beams in the quaint Vancouver cobblestoned district of Gastown, walking distance to Chinatown. It was a software firm.
My workspace is full.
My world is as big or as small as my imagination.
My world is empty without you.
My world is fine.
My world is you!
My world is your world too.
My world's fallen apart.
My worries are over.
My worst apprehensions have come true.
My worst experience so far was watching Tom drowning.
My worst fears came true.
My worst nightmare came true.
My worst nightmare is coming true.
My worst trouble was getting away from home on the morning of starting. Mother and my sisters, of course, shed a few tears; but my father, stern and unbending in his manner, gave me his benediction in these words: "Thomas Moore, you're the third son to leave our roof, but your father's blessing goes with you. I left my own home beyond the sea before I was your age." And as they all stood at the gate, I climbed into my saddle and rode away, with a lump in my throat which left me speechless to reply.
My worst vice is smoking.
My wound got infected.
My wound still hurts.
My wounds aren't self-inflicted.
My wounds fester and are loathsome.
My wounds have healed.
My wrath is as fearsome as my countenance is splendid.
My wrath shall far exceed the love I ever bore.
My wrist and forearm hurt, I think I might be suffering from carpal tunnel syndrome.
My wrist hurts.
My wrists are very slim.
My wrists were sore after lifting weights.
My wrists were sore after lifting wieghts.
My wristwatch is running a bit too fast.
My wristwatch keeps good time.
My writing desk, a place of dread: an incredible number of incredibly useful drawers - combined with incredibly little legspace.
My writing in Kabyle contains a lot of mistakes.
My writing in Kabyle is full of mistakes.
My writing is better than my speaking.
My writing session started strong and then my confidence in my writing skills started to shake.
My yard is a mess.
My year in Africa was a very educational experience in many ways.
My yearly salary has been the same for the past three years.
My yearly salary is split into sixteen payments.
My yoga mat is blue and Tom's is green.
My yogurt expires in 2014!
My younger brother Paolo tells me that I should watch Season 17, Episode 4, of Ancient Aliens, as it deals with extraterrestrial manipulation of the human genome. My ufologist friends, too, believe in this idea. I have often thought that there might be something extraterrestrial about myself, as since childhood, I have been interested in astrobiology. It is the 24th of June of 2024.
My younger brother and I live in the same apartment.
My younger brother and I used to fight a lot when we were younger.
My younger brother and his wife plans to stay in Akumal in Mexico for three months. They fly off tomorrow. I've been in that area: Club Med Cancún and Star-Trekky ancient Tulum ruins. I took a small plane over the Yucatán jungle to the Chichén Itzá Mayan pyramids.
My younger brother can run about as fast as I can.
My younger brother doesn't swim.
My younger brother drew it.
My younger brother goes to primary school.
My younger brother has a lot of money.
My younger brother has no children yet.
My younger brother hates working.
My younger brother is 9 years old.
My younger brother is a genius.
My younger brother is a tireless pussy hunter.
My younger brother is bigger than me.
My younger brother is learning to read English.
My younger brother is older than me.
My younger brother is rude and disobedient.
My younger brother is still in elementary school.
My younger brother is still sleeping.
My younger brother is taller than I am.
My younger brother is taller than I.
My younger brother is taller than me.
My younger brother is watching TV.
My younger brother is working very hard day in and day out in order to pay the debt.
My younger brother is yelling loudly.
My younger brother lives in Barcelona.
My younger brother lives in Boston.
My younger brother lives in San Diego.
My younger brother named his cat Hanako.
My younger brother really likes to take photos of mountains.
My younger brother said that he'd had a nightmare that night.
My younger brother swims every day in the summer.
My younger brother used to often stay up all night reading novels.
My younger brother watches TV.
My younger brother went to school.
My younger brother, who goes to a different school, started last week.
My younger cannot start a day unless she has seen her horoscope.
My younger sister can't start her day until she's read her horoscope.
My younger sister didn't help me.
My younger sister didn't say "hello."
My younger sister got married in her teens.
My younger sister has a tattoo on her right buttock.
My younger sister has already gone to sleep.
My younger sister has big eyes and a statuesque nose.
My younger sister has long legs.
My younger sister has two sons, which means I have two nephews.
My younger sister is 4 years old.
My younger sister is blond.
My younger sister is famous.
My younger sister is good at drawing.
My younger sister is playing with a doll.
My younger sister is playing with the dolls.
My younger sister is very good at singing.
My younger sister looks a lot like my mother.
My younger sister plays piano every day.
My younger sister plays with dolls.
My younger sister plays with the doll.
My younger sister plays with the dolls.
My younger sister went to Kobe yesterday.
My younger sister's husband is older than I am.
My younger sister's husband is older than me.
My youngest brother has two children from his first marriage, and another child from his second.
My youngest brother is still asleep.
My youngest brother is still sleeping.
My youngest brother is taller than I am.
My youngest brother is taller than me.
My youngest brother was brought up by our grandmother.
My youngest daughter and Tom go to the same school.
My youngest daughter goes to the same school as Tom.
My youngest daughter is called Mary.
My youngest daughter is three years old.
My youngest daughter isn't married yet.
My youngest daughter just got married.
My youngest daughter will be starting school soon.
My youngest daughter will soon be starting school.
My youngest graduated last year.
My youngest is already saying she misses school and she misses her friends, and that's heartbreaking to hear.
My youngest is getting married.
My youngest sibling is the least tall one of the family.
My youngest sister has piano lessons twice weekly.
My youngest sister is a teacher, my oldest one, a medical doctor.
My youngest sister sings very well.
My youngster often makes careless decisions.
My zip code has changed.
My zip got stuck halfway up.
My zip is broken.
My zip is stuck.
My zipper got stuck.
My zipper is broken.
My zipper is jammed.
My zipper is stuck.
My zipper stuck halfway up.
My zipper was stuck.
My zoo is safe.
My, aren't you clever?
My, aren’t you a shameless one?
My, but you're nice.
My, but you’re nice.
My, how she eats!
My, how things change!
My, how times have changed.
My, how you've grown!
My, my! How come you haven't been able to reach it, yet?
My, my, what an awesome game we had last night!
My, those are some very large hands you have.
My, you're looking green around the gills.
My, your house is large.
My, you’re looking green around the gills.
MySQL loads several tables.
Myanmar is a military dictatorship.
Myanmar is a reclusive country that shuns outsiders.
Myanmar is ruled by a military dictatorship.
Myanmar is under the control of a military regime.
Myasa has a wool hat.
Mycelium products don't agree with me.
Myke and Larissa will get married tomorrow.
Myriad cliffs host dozens of tumultuous brown waterfalls, eerily silent in the distance.
Myrtale was convinced in her own mind that as Dryas had to deal with so many rich suitors, he would never consent to Chloe marrying Daphnis; and considered that she had devised the best expedient possible for disposing of the subject of the marriage.
Myself I am not like her who only stays at home.
Myself and Yidir are friend for while.
Myself and Yidir are the same age.
Myself and you were born in the same year.
Myself, I have been involved with essentially two Buddhist temples, the Wat Yanviriya, a Thai temple in East Vancouver, BC, and the International Buddhist Temple, a Chinese temple on Lulu Island, BC. The latter was on Steveston Highway. The former was Theravāda Buddhism, and the latter was Pure Land Buddhism, also known as Amidism. I started Buddhism with Zen, many years previously.
Mysore is my hometown.
Mysteries abound where most we seek for answers.
Mystery creates wonder and wonder is the basis of man's desire to understand.
Mystery novels are loved by a lot of people.
Mystery prevails.
Mythology is a dictionary of living hieroglyphics.
Mythology is a subjective truth. Every culture imagines life a certain way.
Myths and legends should be handed down from generation to generation.
Myths and superstitions that are passed down through the generations can provide insight into a culture’s perspective.
MÃ¡ire married the man who got first prize.
MÃ¡ire was injured in an accident.
Máire married the man who got first prize.
Máire was injured in an accident.
Mária is a Hungarian student.
Mária is a Slovak student.
Mária turned the garage into an office.
Médus is knocking on the door.
Médus knocks on the door.
N is evenly divisible by m.
N'Djamena is the capital of Chad.
N-no it's not that ... it's that there could be someone who would need me for what I am, for my true self, I hadn't even thought of that possibility.
N-no it’s not that ... it’s that there could be someone who would need me for what I am, for my true self, I hadn’t even thought of that possibility.
N95 masks are considered the Cadillac of protective masks.
N95 masks are in short supply.
NASA and Northrop Grumman will use data from the test to evaluate the motor’s performance using potential new materials and processes that can be incorporated into future boosters.
NASA and space exploration aren't parts of sustainability.
NASA announced Wednesday it will name its next-generation space telescope in honor of Nancy Grace Roman, the space agency’s first chief astronomer.
NASA astronaut Chris Cassidy is on his third spaceflight and is in command of the orbiting lab.
NASA astronauts Andrew Morgan and Jessica Meir and Russian space agency Roscosmos Cosmonaut Oleg Skripochka undocked from the ISS in the Soyuz MS-15 spacecraft early Friday.
NASA astronauts Robert Behnken and Douglas Hurley aboard the SpaceX Dragon Endeavour have arrived at the International Space Station.
NASA astronauts also experience social isolation living on the International Space Station as they will during missions to the Moon and Mars.
NASA astronauts also experience social isolation living on the International Space Station.
NASA astronauts and psychologists have examined what human behaviors create a healthy culture for living and working remotely in small groups.
NASA astronauts inarguably get the best human view of our planet.
NASA confirmed the discovery using its Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy (SOFIA), a flying laboratory onboard a specially modified 747 aircraft.
NASA described these launch platforms as two-story, steel structures that are almost 8 meters tall, 50 meters long, 41 meters wide and weigh around 4 kilotons. The space agency added that each of the platforms feature a number of pathways, compartments and plumbing and electrical cabling systems.
NASA embarks on an epic summer road trip tens of millions of miles away.
NASA had a plan to save the world.
NASA has launched a probe called Dawn, whose mission is to travel to the asteroid belt. It will first travel to observe the asteroid Vesta. After collecting data from Vesta, Dawn will intercept with Ceres where it will observe its surface features and collect data about its chemical composition.
NASA has recently unveiled a new project.
NASA has selected two finalist concepts for a robotic mission planned to launch in the mid-2020s: a comet sample return mission and a drone-like rotorcraft that would explore potential landing sites on Saturn’s largest moon, Titan.
NASA has successfully landed nine of 10 probes sent to the Red Planet.
NASA has unveiled a plan to land the first woman on the moon in 2024.
NASA is a criminal organization.
NASA is collaborating with a well-known doll and book company to inspire children to dream big and reach for the stars.
NASA is continuing its preparations for future manned voyages to deep space destinations such as Mars.
NASA is developing a first-ever robotic mission to visit a large near-Earth asteroid and collect a multi-ton boulder from its surface.
NASA is predicting stargazers across the globe will be able to see as many as 150 meteors per hour, or about two per minute.
NASA is preparing to send a new rover to Mars for a human exploration mission of the Red Planet.
NASA is set to land an exploratory vehicle on the planet Mars early Monday morning.
NASA maintains a planetary defense coordination office that keeps track of near-earth objects and plots their courses through space.
NASA never landed on the moon.
NASA officials are extremely tight-lipped about this project.
NASA officials concluded the debris was likely a plastic separator, or shim, from the shuttle's ceramic tile heat shield.
NASA officials have been reorganizing the agency to meet the deadline while continuing to build the International Space Station and operate the space shuttle until 2010. It is like a two front war, and to make things harder, they must work without budget increases for the additional program. Scott Horowitz calls the effort a grand challenge.
NASA picked SpaceX to continue the development and demonstration of the first commercial human lunar lander.
NASA put in place a plan to fix the Hubble’s optical problems without resorting to actually repairing the mirror, which was an impossible task.
NASA released the first sounds of a laser zapping rocks on Mars.
NASA reported Monday it has confirmed water can be found in sunlit areas of the moon, indicating water may be far more widespread than previously thought.
NASA reports that the Ingenuity helicopter has completed its 12th flight over the red planet.
NASA says images gathered by the Hubble Space Telescope, a little over a month ago, confirm the existence of a mysterious dark vortex in Neptune’s atmosphere.
NASA says it has sufficient information to say that a human visit to the red planet is feasible.
NASA says the Dawn flight team checked through a number of possible causes for the lack of contact but the mission’s managers realized that the spacecraft simply ran out of its hydrazine fuel.
NASA says the current solar arrays are functioning well but were designed for a 15-year service life and are in their 21st year of service. The new solar arrays will be positioned in front of six of the current arrays, increasing the station’s total available power from 160 kilowatts to a maximum of 215 kilowatts.
NASA says the tests will include up to five flights that will fly incrementally farther distances of up to a few hundred meters, and for durations that will eventually be as long as 90 seconds.
NASA says three of 22 space missions that carried generators similar to Galileo's ended in accidents.
NASA says three of 22 space missions that carried generators similar to Galileo’s ended in accidents.
NASA scientists said on Tuesday that the Phoenix Mars Lander has detected the apparent presence of a chemically reactive salt called perchlorate in the Martian soil. Perchlorate is a toxic material that's used in rocket fuel, but the scientists said its presence doesn't lessen the possibility that Mars has or once had some kind of life on it.
NASA scientists say everything remains on course for what promises to be Monday's spectacular rendez-vous between the Deep Impact space probe and the comet, Tempel 1. The announcement follows the separation of the "impactor" from the fly-by space craft, which will record the massive collision.
NASA scientists say the object poses no threat to the planet.
NASA sea ice scientist Nathan Kurtz said 2020 was “a really warm year in the Arctic.”
NASA selected radishes because they are well understood by scientists and reach maturity in just 27 days.
NASA sent 40 astronauts to different planets and moons.
NASA showed off the first high-resolution, color portrait images taken by the Mars rover Curiosity, detailing a mound of layered rock where scientists plan to focus their search for the chemical ingredients of life on the Red Planet.
NASA wants to corral an asteroid.
NASA's $19 billion proposed budget for 2011 reflects a more than a quarter-billion-dollar increase over this year's spending, with an additional $6 billion investment in science, aeronautics and spaceflight technologies during the next five years. It represents a shift toward greater investment in science, research and development that could lead to technological and aeronautic advancements.
NASA's Artemis missions will land American astronauts on the Moon by 2024.
NASA's Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope has detected a signal coming from the center of the Andromeda galaxy.
NASA's Ingenuity Mars Helicopter became the first aircraft in history to make a powered, controlled flight on another planet.
NASA's Juno spacecraft has entered into orbit around Jupiter.
NASA's Kepler spacecraft was designed to find exoplanets by looking for stars that dim as a planet crosses the star's face.
NASA's MESSENGER was the first probe to orbit Mercury.
NASA's Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution Mission (MAVEN) spacecraft discovered that Mars has a magnetic tail.
NASA's Mars Exploration Rovers, Spirit and Opportunity—essentially Curiosity's smaller cousins—outlasted their missions by years.
NASA's Mars rover discovered traces of a river bed.
NASA's New Horizons mission, for example, was the first spacecraft to visit Pluto in the outer solar system. The spacecraft’s images of Pluto show a surprisingly complex world with giant ice mountains that had never been seen before.
NASA's Perseverance Mars rover has been attached to the top of the rocket that will send it toward the Red Planet this summer.
NASA's Perseverance rover has successfully landed on Mars.
NASA's Spitzer and Hubble space telescopes have probed the atmosphere of a brown dwarf, creating the most detailed 'weather map' yet for this class of cool, star-like orbs.
NASA's annual budget is over 20 billion dollars.
NASA's first spacesuits were developed for the Mercury program.
NASA's first spacewalks took place during the Gemini program.
NASA, the American space agency, noted an unusual shape -- a bend -- in Europa’s magnetic field in 1997. That was the year when NASA’s Galileo spacecraft passed close to the moon.
NASA, the American space agency, noted an unusual shape — a bend — in Europa’s magnetic field in 1997.
NASA’s Center for Near-Earth Object Studies manager Paul Chodas say they believe they have found and tracked about 90% of the near-earth objects that are at least a kilometer wide and could pose a threat to earth.
NASA’s Chandra X-ray Observatory detected evidence of a possible planet transiting a star in another galaxy, and, for the first time, it detected X-rays from Uranus.
NASA’s James Webb Space Telescope – inside the Ariane 5 rocket it will ride to space – has arrived at its final location on Earth: the Arianespace ELA-3 launch complex at Europe’s Spaceport located near Kourou, French Guiana.
NASA’s Laser Communications Relay Demonstration (LCRD) will use laser communications systems to transmit data from space to Earth.
NASA’s Magnetospheric Multiscale mission, or MMS, launched in 2015, uses four identical spacecraft flying in a pyramid formation to take a three-dMMS, launched in 2015, uses four identical spacecraft flying in a pyramid formation to take a three-dimensional look at the magnetic environment around Earth.
NASA’s Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution Mission (MAVEN) spacecraft is in orbit around Mars gathering data on how the Red Planet lost much of its atmosphere and water, transforming from a world that could have supported life billions of years ago into a cold and inhospitable place today.
NASA’s Nancy Grace Roman Space Telescope has successfully passed its critical design review, signaling that all design and developmental engineering work is now complete.
NASA’s New Horizons mission revolutionized our knowledge of Pluto when it flew past that distant world in July 2015.
NASA’s Parker Solar Probe has now flown through the Sun’s upper atmosphere – the corona – and sampled particles and magnetic fields there.
NASA’s Parker Solar Probe mission touched the Sun to provide us the first ever direct observations of the solar atmosphere, the corona, as well as traveling by Venus, where it gave scientists the first complete look at Venus’ orbital dust ring, detected a bright rim around the edge of the planet that may be nightglow, and discovered natural radio emission.
NASA’s Perseverance rover’s two-year science investigation of Mars’ Jezero Crater is studying the rock and sediment of Jezero’s ancient lakebed and river delta and aiding in the search for signs of ancient microbial life.
NASA’s Planetary Defense officer, Lindley Johnson, says any object impacting Earth large enough to do significant damage is extremely rare — but inevitable.
NASA’s Twins Study preliminary results have revealed that space travel causes an increase in methylation, the process of turning genes on and off.
NASA’s newly announced mission, Dragonfly, will explore the icy moon from the air and the ground to determine whether life ever arose there.
NASA’s next Mars rovers, Spirit and Opportunity, were each the size of a golf cart.
NASA’s upcoming Nancy Grace Roman Space Telescope will see thousands of exploding stars called supernovae across vast stretches of time and space.
NATO attacked Libya.
NATO bombed Libyan state institutions.
NATO bombed the Libyan state and people.
NATO can't provide direct support to Ukraine.
NATO is the largest terror organization around the world.
NATO membership is very costly.
NATO reinforced its military presence in Eastern Europe.
NATO troops are arguably well trained.
NB. This saying is a bit peremptory.
NB: Pictures may have become dead links.
NB: This was drawn a long time ago so the quality is low.
NCCAM Director Dr. Josephine Briggs says the new survey provides the most current, comprehensive and reliable source of information on Americans' use of unconventional remedies such as medicinal herbs, acupuncture, yoga, meditation, massage and chiropractic or osteopathic manipulation.
NEFU is considered the premier center for research into woolly mammoths and other prehistoric, ice age species.
NFTs were like pogs, but dumber.
NGOs claimed that endemic corruption was one cause for human rights abuses, with moneyed interests using corrupt government officials to harass and intimidate activists and groups that impeded their businesses.
NGOs hope to distribute millions of clean stoves around the world this year, according to Lacey, making a sizeable dent in the estimated 100 million cookstoves that are used globally.
NHK is a public broadcaster.
NO2 pollution triggers an estimated 4 million asthma cases in children each year worldwide.
NOAA forecasted in June that the hypoxic zone — an area with little to no oxygen to support marine life — would be 12,600 square kilometers, which would have been smaller than the five-year average. The actual size proved far larger.
NOAA posted a video to YouTube of the octopus sitting on the ocean floor and wiggling its arms. It has more than 200,000 views since March 3.
NOAA scientists describe coral reefs as the "rainforests of the sea," noting that these fragile marine ecosystems provide important services such as coastal protection, commercial fish habitats and ecotourism, estimated to be worth as much as $375 billion globally each year. And if predictions are right, the coral reefs will survive, at least for another year, to share these benefits with the world around them.
NOAA-supported scientists on Tuesday reported that this year’s “dead zone” in the Gulf of Mexico is larger than originally predicted, at more than 16,000-square kilometers, or about the surface area of Lake Ontario and Lake Erie combined.
NOAA’s scientific integrity policy prohibits political interference with the conduct and communication of the agency’s scientific findings.
NOTE: Typo corrected. Thanks for pointing it out.
NTT cancelled telephone cards with over 300 units.
NYNEX, is this an emergency?
Na'vi is a conlang for the Avatar film.
Na'vi language is used in Avatar.
Naama is a dry place.
Nabila and Aali did not need a Romanian dictionary.
Nacho already has grey hairs.
Nadal won a grueling tennis match. It lasted five sets.
Nadia pored over the book, enthralled by its author's expansive vocabulary and nuanced writing.
Nadiya Savchenko is a real living legend.
Nagano Prefecture's capital is Nagano City.
Nagano beat Salt Lake City by 46 votes to 42.
Nagano beat Tokyo 2 to 3.
Nagaragawa Onsen’s “Nobunaga Hospitality Meal” is a modern style adaptation of a Sengoku period hospitality meal (Honzen-ryōri).
Nagasaki Prefecture's capital is Nagasaki City.
Nagasaki was leveled in a matter of seconds.
Nagasaki, where I was born, is a beautiful port city.
Naginata is one of Japan's traditional martial arts.
Naginata is one of Japan’s traditional martial arts.
Nagoya is a city famous for its castle.
Nagoya is a city that's famous for its castle.
Nagoya is a city which is famous for its castle.
Nagoya is between Tokyo and Osaka.
Nagoya is famous for its castle.
Nagoya is to the east of Kyoto.
Nagoya lies between Tokyo and Osaka.
Nah, why bother fixing it.
Nahlal's Palestinian name is Mahlul.
Nahuatl is a spoken language.
Nahuatl was the language of the Aztecs.
Nail polish is as interesting as Buddhism.
Nail polish is useless: no one looks at nails anyway.
Nail polish remover stinks a lot.
Nail the notice on the trunk of that tree.
Nail the notice onto the trunk of that tree.
Nail the windows shut.
Nailed it!
Naima Salhi, the fascist, dozed off in front of the TV.
Naima Salhi, the fascist, enjoys long walks on the beach at sunset.
Naima Salhi, the fascist, has a beautiful smile.
Nairobi is the capital of Kenya.
Naivasha is Kenya's floriculture heartland and workers at Van den Berg Kenya are trimming, packing and refrigerating bundles of roses.
Naivete is his only merit.
Najib is not a good leader.
Naka is one of the 18 administrative districts that compose Yokohama prefecture.
Nakagawa was on the point of going out when I called on him.
Nakamatsu smiled bitterly at his own stupid question.
Naked boys were swimming in the river.
Naked dudes were parading on the streets.
Naked yoga is becoming increasingly popular.
Nakido is a file sharing platform.
Nakido is better than Twitter.
Naloxone is a life-saving drug that can reverse the effects of an opioid overdose.
Namaste does not involve skin contact and allows people to maintain a safe distance.
Name a Christmas song you never hear on the radio.
Name a film you've already seen several times but which you'd still like to watch again.
Name all Algeria's wilayas.
Name and address, please.
Name every capital.
Name her whatever you like.
Name him whatever you like.
Name is but the guest of reality.
Name it whatever you like.
Name me, name me not; my name is Tom Tit Tot.
Name must have less than 15 characters.
Name one Charles Manson song.
Name one English word containing 'ce' or 'ci' where that same letter 'c' is pronounced like a 'k.'
Name one example of capitalism working without slavery, prison labor, or sweatshops.
Name one thing I'm good at.
Name some animals that are brown.
Name some great writers and composers who kept at work even though they were not in the best of health.
Name some materials that absorb water.
Name some of the kinds of music that Chopin composed.
Name the Danube's largest tributaries.
Name the fifteen Soviet republics.
Name the rivers in Arkansas.
Name the time and place, and I'll be there.
Name three angels.
Name three animals that eat insects.
Name three breakfast cereals.
Name three caniforms.
Name three countries in Southwest Asia.
Name three deities.
Name three false deities.
Name three false gods.
Name three gods.
Name three house pets that aren't dogs or cats.
Name three kinds of bread.
Name three pets you've had.
Name three things that are currently in your refrigerator.
Name three things that were in the news in the last month.
Name three things that you have ever fastened with a safety pin.
Name three types of birds.
Name three types of bread.
Name your poison.
Name your price.
Name-calling is never productive.
Names are listed in alphabetical order.
Names are to be omitted.
Names have been changed to protect the innocent.
Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.
Namibia has a notably low population density.
Namibia is an African state.
Namibia is one of the world's largest producers of uranium.
Namibia's economy remains vulnerable to world commodity price fluctuations and drought.
Namiki and Murasaki are 2 peas in a pod.
Namiki and Murasaki are very alike.
Namiki and Murasaki are very similar.
Naming a baby is hard because there are so many enemies in life with common names.
Naming things is hard.
Naming your dog "Lucky" won't prevent it from being hit by a car.
Namir traveled to the Orient when he was young.
Nan and Grandad's golden wedding anniversary is less than a month away.
Nan is in the garden getting the vegetables she needs for the potato soup.
Nan is in the kitchen making apple sauce.
Nan is making some French toast.
Nan is making some eggy bread.
Nan likes to sit knitting away in her rocking chair.
Nan nudged Grandad as he was about to start regaling the dinner guest with his stories.
Nan often used to use the sewing machine.
Nan pampers her grandchildren.
Nan says hello.
Nan sends her greetings.
Nan was spellbound by the violinist.
Nan's biscuits are the best.
Nan's coal bunker is almost empty.
Nan's cooking is the best.
Nan's front gate is open.
Nan's front gate squeaks when it opens.
Nan's larder is fully stocked.
Nan, will you show me how to make my bed?
Nan, you're the best!
Nanako is really cute, isn't she?
Nanako is really cute, isn’t she?
Nancy Drew is one of the best-known girl detectives.
Nancy Grace Roman (1925-2018), NASA's first chief astronomer, is known as the 'Mother of Hubble.'
Nancy and Jane had to go home at five thirty.
Nancy and Jane had to go home at five-thirty.
Nancy bought a new art piece to hang in her living room.
Nancy can't decide anything for herself.
Nancy can't have read this book.
Nancy cannot have read this book.
Nancy cannot have told a lie.
Nancy can’t decide anything for herself.
Nancy comes from what we call the aristocracy.
Nancy couldn't move the desk herself.
Nancy couldn’t move the desk herself.
Nancy did some shopping on the way.
Nancy didn't mind living abroad by herself.
Nancy didn’t mind living abroad by herself.
Nancy doesn't play tennis.
Nancy doesn’t play tennis.
Nancy enjoys indoor games.
Nancy greeted me with a nod from across the street.
Nancy had never seen a giant panda before.
Nancy had never seen a giant panda.
Nancy has a hold on her husband.
Nancy has a piano.
Nancy has a very lively and sweet temperament.
Nancy has been on good terms with my sister for more than five years.
Nancy invited him to a party.
Nancy invited him to a private party.
Nancy is a capable nurse.
Nancy is a hard girl for me to deal with.
Nancy is a shade darker than Helen is.
Nancy is a shade darker than Helen.
Nancy is afraid of dogs.
Nancy is chatting with her friends.
Nancy is economical with her smiles.
Nancy is from London.
Nancy is getting off the train.
Nancy is happy in that she has many friends.
Nancy is having a chat with her friends.
Nancy is kind rather than gentle.
Nancy is more shy than reserved.
Nancy is scared of dogs.
Nancy is stressed out.
Nancy is the most beautiful of the four girls.
Nancy is the tallest girl in her class.
Nancy is very cute, isn't she?
Nancy knows better than to marry Jack.
Nancy likes music.
Nancy looks a fool but she's really very clever.
Nancy looks a fool but she’s really very clever.
Nancy looks like my sister.
Nancy looks really tired.
Nancy looks so tired.
Nancy looks tired.
Nancy looks very tired.
Nancy never fails to arrive on time.
Nancy never fails to write to me once a month.
Nancy papered her room green.
Nancy put her elbows on her knees.
Nancy ran across an old friend of hers yesterday.
Nancy rarely smiles.
Nancy received much solace from the cards and phone calls received from friends in the weeks after her husband died.
Nancy resembles my sister.
Nancy rested her elbows on her knees.
Nancy seems tired.
Nancy seems to lack sincerity.
Nancy seldom smiles.
Nancy set out on a solo journey.
Nancy smiled happily.
Nancy studied hard.
Nancy studied until it hurt.
Nancy told me about the fire.
Nancy wants a pair of red shoes.
Nancy was surprised that Bob won the first prize in the contest.
Nancy was the first girl to come.
Nancy was to show up at the place, but she didn't make it.
Nancy was to show up at the place, but she didn’t make it.
Nancy went to London as well as Paris.
Nancy will never go on a date with me. She's out of my league.
Nancy will never go on a date with me. She’s out of my league.
Nancy wouldn't do a stupid thing like getting married to Jack.
Nancy wouldn’t do a stupid thing like getting married to Jack.
Nancy, here's a letter for you.
Nancy, here’s a letter for you.
Nancy, this letter is for you.
Nani Enterprises has been around for over forty years.
Nannie's hand dived into her small pocket, and re-appeared with two nickels and a copper.
Nano speaks six languages.
Nano-science is the study of extremely small objects.
Nanolasers, they say, need only a small amount of energy to start shining. Instead of using mirrors that reflect light, the team has created a device that traps energy and prevents it from escaping. That power is harnessed and builds into a “strong, well-shaped” beam. Researchers say this overcomes a well-known challenge of nanolasers — “energy leakage.”
Nantes is in Brittany.
Naoki is as old as Kaori.
Naoki was poor and lived in a cabin.
Naoki was poor and lived in a hut.
Naoki was poor and lived in a small cabin.
Naoko came back to Japan.
Naoko can run fast.
Naoko is a fast runner.
Naoko is a swimmer.
Naoko is good at swimming.
Naoko is swimming.
Naoko lives in that white house.
Naoko lives in the white house.
Naoko returned to Japan.
Naoko swims.
Naoko wrote this letter last night.
Naomi Osaka lit the Olympic flame for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics in 2021.
Naomi fell in the orchestra pit during her performance and broke her arm.
Naomi had a relative of her husband's, a mighty man of wealth, of the family of Elimelech, and his name was Boaz.
Naomi has just finished her work.
Naomi is learning English with a view to going abroad.
Naomi is very glad about having won first prize.
Naomi said to Ruth her daughter-in-law, "It is good, my daughter, that you go out with his maidens, and that they not meet you in any other field."
Naomi said to her two daughters-in-law, "Go, return each of you to her mother's house. May the Lord deal kindly with you, as you have dealt with the dead and with me. May the Lord grant you that you may find rest, each of you in the house of her husband."
Naomi said, "Go back, my daughters. Why do you want to go with me? Do I still have sons in my womb, that they may be your husbands? Go back, my daughters, go your way; for I am too old to have a husband. If I should say, 'I have hope,' if I should even have a husband tonight, and should also bear sons, would you then wait until they were grown? Would you then refrain from having husbands? No, my daughters, for it grieves me seriously for your sakes, for the Lord's hand has gone out against me."
Naomi shifted her bag from one hand to the other.
Naomi was very pleased to have won first prize.
Naomi was very pleased to win first prize.
Naomi went to South Africa for lion hunting.
Naomi, her mother-in-law, said to her, "My daughter, shall I not seek rest for you, that it may be well with you? Now isn't Boaz our kinsman, with whose maidens you were? Behold, he will be winnowing barley tonight on the threshing floor. Therefore wash yourself, anoint yourself, get dressed, and go down to the threshing floor; but don’t make yourself known to the man until he has finished eating and drinking. It shall be, when he lies down, that you shall note the place where he is lying. Then you shall go in, uncover his feet, and lay down. Then he will tell you what to do."
Naoto takes after his father in appearance.
Naples attracts a lot of tourists.
Naples gathers many tourists.
Naples is a city of about a million inhabitants.
Naples is a city with a population of about a million.
Naples is a picturesque city.
Naples is one of the largest cities in Italy and the entire Mediterranean.
Naples is one of the largest metropolitan areas in Italy and the entire Mediterranean.
Naples is the largest city in southern Italy.
Naples is the next city about which there's an entry in his travel journal.
Napoleon Bonaparte feared black cats.
Napoleon Bonaparte is considered to be one of the greatest military geniuses of world history.
Napoleon Bonaparte ruled France at that time.
Napoleon Bonaparte was afraid of black cats.
Napoleon Bonaparte was born in Corsica.
Napoleon Bonaparte was born on Corsica.
Napoleon called the English a nation of shopkeepers.
Napoleon died on an island in the Atlantic.
Napoleon guided his troops to Russia.
Napoleon is remembered for his establishment of France's Napoleonic Code, which has had a great influence on the legal systems of other countries. In the US, for example, the legal system of the State of Louisiana is based on the Napoleonic Code.
Napoleon led his troops to Russia.
Napoleon lived in exile on the island of Elba.
Napoleon marched his armies into Russia.
Napoleon needed money for a war with Britain.
Napoleon used to have a white horse.
Napoleon was Corsican.
Napoleon was a man of authority.
Napoleon was banished to Elba in 1814.
Napoleon was crowned in 1804.
Napoleon was exiled to St. Helena.
Napoleon was exiled to the island of Elba in 1814.
Napoleon was exiled to the island of St. Helena.
Napoleon was finally defeated.
Napoleon was here in 1808.
Napoleon's army advanced on Moscow.
Napoleon's army advanced up to Moscow.
Napoleon's army has advanced to Moscow.
Napoleon's army lost the battle of Waterloo in 1815.
Napoleon's army now advanced and a great battle begins.
Napoleon's headquarters were in an unused windmill.
Napoleon's horse was white.
Napoleon's life was a great drama.
Napoleon's plan was, as always, simple.
Napoleon's strategic plan was thwarted.
Napoleon’s army advanced up to Moscow.
Napoleon’s army has advanced to Moscow.
Napoleon’s army lost the battle of Waterloo in 1815.
Napoleon’s army now advanced and a great battle begins.
Napoleon’s headquarters were in an unused windmill.
Napoleon’s life was a great drama.
Napoléon was Joséphine's second husband.
Nappies are dear.
Nappies are expensive.
Napping for a few hours will make you feel better.
Napping is a low impact exercise.
Nara Prefecture's capital is Nara City.
Nara is a city that I like very much.
Nara is a city which I like very much.
Nara is a quiet and beautiful city.
Nara is a quiet and clean city.
Nara is a very old city.
Nara is an old city worth visiting at least once in your life.
Nara is as old as Kyoto.
Nara is famous for Daibutsu.
Nara is rich in National Treasures and Important Cultural Assets.
Naran said cheating will catch up with the cheater.
Narcan was saving too many lives, so someone or some organization decided to inject xylazine into the heroin supply chain.
Narcissism means 'to be more confident'.
Narcissism, paranoia and a tendency to bullying have characterized Tom since his unhappy childhood.
Narcissistic individuals constantly search for external validation.
Narcissistic individuals engage in manipulative tactics, such as guilt-tripping or emotional blackmail.
Narcissistic individuals may exploit and take advantage of others for their own gain.
Narcissistic individuals often believe they are entitled to special treatment.
Narcissistic individuals often have an exaggerated sense of their own attractiveness and charm.
Narcissistic individuals often have shallow and superficial relationships.
Narcissistic individuals tend to exploit and manipulate others to achieve their goals.
Narcissistic people are excessively preoccupied with themselves.
Narcissistic people can be highly manipulative.
Narcissistic people don't take responsibility for their actions.
Narcissistic people have an exaggerated sense of self-importance.
Narcissistic people have difficulty acknowledging their own mistakes.
Narcissistic people may engage in attention-seeking behaviors to gain validation from others.
Narcissists are always trying to draw attention to themselves.
Narcissists are excessively self-absorbed and dismissive of others' feelings.
Narcissists are master manipulators.
Narcissists are often snobbish, disdainful and patronising of others' opinions, while, at the same time, having an overwhelming need for admiration and reassurance.
Narcissists are skilled at manipulation.
Narcissists can be envious of others.
Narcissists create a false sense of dependency in others to ensure their constant attention and validation.
Narcissists create an atmosphere of fear and intimidation to ensure compliance from others.
Narcissists employ manipulation tactics to assert their dominance.
Narcissists employ manipulation techniques like projection, attributing their own negative traits to others to avoid accountability.
Narcissists engage in attention-seeking behaviors to feed their ego.
Narcissists engage in boundary violations, disregarding others' personal space and autonomy to assert control.
Narcissists engage in character assassination, attacking others' self-esteem and self-worth to maintain control.
Narcissists engage in charm and manipulation to gain control over others.
Narcissists engage in gaslighting by distorting reality and making others doubt their own memories and experiences.
Narcissists engage in passive-aggressive behavior, using sarcasm and veiled insults to manipulate others' emotions.
Narcissists engage in pathological lying to maintain their self-image.
Narcissists engage in smear campaigns to damage the reputation and credibility of those who oppose them.
Narcissists exhibit a lack of remorse or guilt for their hurtful actions towards others.
Narcissists exploit others' weaknesses and vulnerabilities, using them as leverage to control and manipulate.
Narcissists exploit people's vulnerabilities and insecurities to gain power and control.
Narcissists have a constant need for admiration and attention from others.
Narcissists have a constant need for external validation and admiration.
Narcissists have a disregard for boundaries and personal space.
Narcissists have a grandiose sense of their own abilities and achievements.
Narcissists have difficulty accepting criticism or feedback.
Narcissists have fragile self-esteem.
Narcissists manipulate others by exaggerating their achievements and abilities to gain admiration and validation.
Narcissists manipulate others by exploiting their loyalty and commitment, making them feel obligated to comply with their demands.
Narcissists manipulate others by provoking jealousy and insecurity, creating a sense of competition and dependence.
Narcissists may become enraged or defensive when their ego is threatened.
Narcissists may engage in arrogant and condescending behavior towards others.
Narcissists may engage in destructive behavior to maintain their inflated self-image.
Narcissists may engage in excessive self-promotion and self-aggrandizement.
Narcissists may feel threatened by others' success or accomplishments.
Narcissists may have difficulty maintaining long-term relationships due to their self-centeredness.
Narcissists may manipulate situations to always be the center of attention.
Narcissists may use others as a means to an end, discarding them once they are no longer useful.
Narcissists may use others to bolster their own self-esteem and self-worth.
Narcissists often display a lack of empathy towards others.
Narcissists often have a sense of entitlement and expect special treatment from others.
Narcissists often lack genuine empathy.
Narcissists often lack the ability to truly connect with others on an emotional level.
Narcissists often play the victim card to elicit sympathy and manipulate others into feeling sorry for them.
Narcissists struggle with feelings of envy and resentment towards others' accomplishments.
Narcissists use emotional manipulation, such as playing on others' fears and insecurities, to gain control over their actions.
Narcissists use guilt and shame to manipulate others into doing their bidding.
Narcissists use manipulation tactics like emotional manipulation and mind games to confuse and disorient others.
Narcissists use triangulation, pitting people against each other, to maintain control and create division.
Narcissus fell in love with his own reflection in a pool of water.
Narcissus fell in love with his own reflection in a pool.
Narcissus fell in love with his own reflection in the water.
Narcissus fell in love with his own reflection.
Narcissus has too high an opinion of himself.
Narrations can be analysed in terms of point of view.
Narrations can be analysed in terms of the way they structure their sequence of events.
Narrow chimneys draw better than wide ones.
Narrow minded people have limited thinking.
Narrow roads have also been an issue, causing some motorists to swerve and get into accidents.
Naruto is my favorite anime.
Narwhals and belugas are used to living in an extremely quiet world.
Narwhals are commonly called sea unicorns because of the males' long single tusk, almost half the length of their body.
Narwhals have long tusks.
Narwhals use sound to navigate.
Nary a word was uttered that day.
Nasa's Mars rover has found an ancient streambed.
Nasa's aerogels are made from a special silica glass gel that's been mixed to the consistency of pudding.
Nash's social life got sidetracked by COVID, but she said she was still able to see some of her friends on campus and grab meals while sitting six feet apart.
Nashi are tinned in this factory.
Nashville is an arm of the RNC.
Nashville is well known for its music scene.
Nashville, Tennessee is America's country music capital.
Nassau is the capital of the Bahamas.
Nassim bought a good mid range smartphone.
Nassim scored a goal from a mid range shot.
Nassim used a sharp knife to slice meat.
Nasty weather, huh.
Nasty weather, isn't it?
Nastya barely met the deadline.
Nastya could never imagine that something like this would happen to her.
Nastya has been to Laos many times.
Nastya never thought that something like this would happen to her.
Nasutoceratops — which means big-nosed horn face — lived 76 million years ago, in the late Cretaceous period, in what was then a subtropical swampy environment.
Natalia Lafourcade has a beautiful voice.
Natalia Timberg is my favorite Brazilian actress.
Natalia and Veronica looked at each other in complicity.
Natalia is the teacher's favourite, but she will never admit that.
Natalie is a big Harry Potter fan.
Natalie is sleeping, isn't she?
Natanyahu is a great President.
Natasha Spivack, a tall, statuesque blonde, works out of a cramped apartment in the suburbs of Washington, D.C.
Natasha is a Russian name.
Natasha was born in Russia, but she doesn’t speak Russian.
Nate has the fiercest attitude of his whole squadron.
Nathalie knows what is good.
Nathalue knows what is good.
Nathan has also noticed the resiliency of her children.
Nathan is cherishing the extra time with her family.
Nathanael asked Jesus, "How do you know me?"
Nathaniel Melendez, a fitness specialist at the Orlando Health gym, was certain the doctor's pain was from poor posture.
Nati and I were watering the flowers, then she decided to water me!
Nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.
Nation-states are inherently oppressive.
National Foundation Day (February 11): day for commemorating the founding of the nation and for fostering patriotic feelings.
National Taiwan University is the largest university in Taiwan.
National and international courts share the burden of prosecuting war criminals.
National boundaries were drawn without regard to ethnic groups.
National defense spending cushions the island's economy against fluctuations in tourism.
National honor is national property of the highest value.
National marine sanctuaries are protected waters that include habitats such as rocky reefs, kelp forests, deep-sea canyons, and underwater archaeological sites.
National officials quashed the deal, which had raised fears that the company intended to develop infrastructure that could be used for military purposes.
National parkways are made up of scenic road and surrounding land. They were designed to give people driving cars a chance to see beautiful parts of the country.
National police! License and registration, please.
National pride counts among those things which I don't understand.
National rescue teams are on standby ready to fly to Japan.
National resistance demands sacrifice.
National resistance is the voice of freedom.
National resistance requires unity.
National welfare is the end of politics.
Nationalism is a brain disease.
Nationalism is a disease of the brain.
Nationalism is an infantile disease. It is the measles of mankind.
Nationalism is dumb.
Nationalism is not to be confused with patriotism.
Nationalism is power-hunger tempered by self-deception.
Nationalism is stupid.
Nationalism is the greatest enemy Europe has today.
Nationalism provokes violence and conceals a racist attitude.
Nationalism was rising in the USSR.
Nationalists were accused of propagating hate and division.
Nationalists would be nationalists no matter where they lived. They just happen to be nationalists in their country because they've never questioned received wisdom.
Nationals of Curacao are citizens of the European Union, even though it is not a member.
Nations are fighting for freedom.
Nations are not to be judged by their size any more than individuals.
Nations are socially constructed.
Nations committing war crimes should face targeted sanctions.
Nations have their ego, just like individuals.
Nations rose up, and were angry: sorrows took hold on the inhabitants of Philisthiim.
Nations that brag about a great past are usually the ones that have no future.
Nationwide, it is estimated that 700 million of the country's billion-plus people defecate in the open.
Native American Indians considered the coyote to be the Creator's Messenger on Earth, teaching people how to live.
Native American children placed in white foster homes were made to feel bad about their Native American heritage.
Native American children were forcibly taken from their families in reservations and adopted by white families.
Native American populations were decimated.
Native Americans are reclaiming their ancestral lands.
Native Americans are the indigenous peoples of the United States.
Native Americans are the indigenous populations of the Americas.
Native Americans experienced genocide at the hands of Washington.
Native Americans fought with bow and arrow.
Native Americans lived in America before the Europeans arrived.
Native Americans of California and Arizona historically used non-returning boomerangs to kill birds and rabbits.
Native Americans used to eat these fruits.
Native Americans wanted to hold on to their languages and cultures.
Native Americans were forced to send their children to be schooled in English.
Native Chinese people are working alongside foreigners to change the culture of Shanghai.
Native English speakers are just normal people.
Native English speakers are often afraid to use demander when speaking French as they worry that it may sound impolite.
Native Fijians are Melanesians, a kind of Australoid people, but they speak a Malayo-Polynesian language, perhaps adopted anciently from islander neighbours who were not Melanesians. My neighbours, the Wongs, who are multiracial from Fiji, know a bit of Fijian. They like learning English, but I say to them, "Your Fijian is much more beautiful!"
Native French speakers often add spaces before punctuation in other languages even though it is usually incorrect.
Native Japanese speakers also sometimes have trouble with kanji.
Native speakers can correct learners when they use language inappropriately.
Native speakers can give you conflicting information about what is or is not correct in their language.
Native speakers can help learners avoid language that may come across as outdated or awkward.
Native speakers can help learners avoid outdated or overly formal language.
Native speakers can offer tips on sounding more natural when speaking.
Native speakers can often correct subtle mistakes that non-native speakers may overlook.
Native speakers don't always necessarily make correct sentences all the time.
Native speakers know the rules of their language perfectly, even if they may not be able to explain what they are.
Native speakers know the rules of their language, but only unconsciously. The linguist's task is to extract those rules and describe them explicitly.
Native speakers may have different perspectives on what constitutes fluency.
Native speakers of Spanish, Italian, French, English, German, Russian, etc., maybe they can - and want to - translate these phrases to their respective native languages.
Native speakers sometimes make mistakes, but not usually the same kind of mistakes that non-native speakers make.
Native speakers typically unconsciously understand things about their own language that non-native speakers only understand using considerable effort.
Native speakers unconsciously follow the rules of their language without even being aware of what they are.
Native speakers usually tell those who learn their language that it is very hard, even though they actually have no way of knowing if it is difficult or easy, as a result of the fact that it comes naturally to them.
Native to East Asia, the insect is causing crop losses from coast to coast in America.
Native to the Indonesian island of Sumatra, Mr. Stinky features umbrella-sized, ribbed leaves that are green on the outside and a vibrant, purplish-red on the inside.
Native to the central United States, the turtles have adapted and thrived across the United States and around the globe.
Native tropical plants such as moringa, palma christi, verbena and aloe are routinely used to treat health ailments such as colds and flu.
Natives wear moccasins.
Nativity scenes commemorate the birth of Jesus.
Natsume Soseki is one of the best writers in Japan.
Natto is sticky.
Natto reminds me of a bad experience.
Natto smells awful but tastes delicious.
Natto smells awful, but tastes delicious.
Natto smells terrible, but tastes great.
Natural beauty is always timeless.
Natural disasters can be devastating.
Natural disasters can destroy people's lives.
Natural dyes keep a more beautiful color over the years than artificial dyes.
Natural ecosystems, agricultural systems, water resources, and the benefits they provide to society are adapted to past climate conditions and their natural range of variability.
Natural epidemics like the Ebola virus or SARS have the power to terrify, but even more chilling is the idea of disease used as a weapon.
Natural flowering species can be threatened by over-use of herbicides on farms and the introduction of non-indigenous plants in the ever-expanding suburban areas of the state.
Natural food is not always good for our digestion.
Natural food will do you good.
Natural gas is an important natural resource.
Natural gas reserves amount to an estimated 155 billion cubic meters.
Natural languages are not a reflection of the peoples' culture but rather a result of a massive, uncontrolled and hasty urbanization process, which stripped people of their true national identity only to substitute it with the cattle atmosphere of McDonald's, reality TV and commercial porn.
Natural light is naturally better for the eyes.
Natural mineral water contains calcium, magnesium, sodium, potassium as well as nitrate.
Natural relationships form naturally.
Natural resources are not abundant in Japan.
Natural resources are not limitless.
Natural sciences don't interest me.
Natural selection explains "only the survival of the fittest, not the arrival of the fittest".
Natural selection has similarities to selective breeding, but it happens by itself and over a much longer period of time.
Natural teak forests occur in only four countries: India, Laos, Burma and Thailand.
Naturally active lifestyles are decreasing in Vietnam, as people move from the countryside to the cities, and from hard labor to office jobs.
Naturally he accepted the invitation.
Naturally he got angry.
Naturally we will be careful in order to avoid an accident.
Naturally we will be careful to avoid an accident.
Naturally, Europe and its many loops were well-defined, but farther afield things got sketchier.
Naturally, I was very concerned.
Naturally, Tom kept the best apples for himself.
Naturally, Ziri didn't take Rima seriously.
Naturally, that is why we are here.
Naturally, that's why we are here.
Naturally, the wife is always right.
Naturally.
Nature abhors a vacuum.
Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
Nature always wears the colors of the spirit.
Nature and I are hand in hand.
Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them.
Nature called, and I had to answer.
Nature calls me.
Nature can boost our immune system.
Nature can't be changed.
Nature contains many secrets.
Nature created this silence, this greenery, these mountains and these valleys.
Nature documentaries are often full of animals getting eaten alive.
Nature does not make jumps.
Nature does nothing uselessly.
Nature doesn't belong to us, we belong to Nature.
Nature doesn't belong to us. We are a part of Nature.
Nature doesn't belong to us. We are part of Nature.
Nature doesn't need people, but people need nature.
Nature endowed her with both a sound mind and a sound body.
Nature endowed her with wit and beauty.
Nature endowed him with wit and beauty.
Nature fascinates me.
Nature feigns to contravene her own laws.
Nature gives me a sense of serenity.
Nature had gifted Defoe with untiring energy, a keen taste for public affairs, and a special aptitude for chicanery and intrigue.
Nature had other plans for us.
Nature has a calming effect.
Nature has begun to reclaim these spaces.
Nature has created so many languages ​​that no human could possibly learn them all.
Nature has created them for hearts in love.
Nature has given you excessive curiosity.
Nature helps me feel centered.
Nature holds a lot of terrible secrets.
Nature in this region is still unspoilt.
Nature is a complicated philosophy.
Nature is a generous friend. It deserves more love from human beings.
Nature is a good mother.
Nature is a very important element in the Australian culture.
Nature is about to do its job.
Nature is alive.
Nature is always keeping us on our toes.
Nature is always saying something.
Nature is amazing.
Nature is an infinitely divided God.
Nature is astounding.
Nature is awakening.
Nature is awesome.
Nature is beautiful in spring.
Nature is beautiful.
Nature is beginning to erase all evidence of men in the region.
Nature is beyond mortal control.
Nature is calling.
Nature is changing.
Nature is cruel and beautiful.
Nature is cruel.
Nature is culture.
Nature is fascinating.
Nature is full of mysteries.
Nature is full of mystery.
Nature is full of secrets.
Nature is green.
Nature is incredibly complex, and our knowledge of it is limited.
Nature is just like the body of God.
Nature is just nurture with extra steps.
Nature is like a book that wants to be read and properly understood.
Nature is my element.
Nature is not threatened by man.
Nature is scary.
Nature is slowly reasserting itself.
Nature is speaking.
Nature is taking back its rights.
Nature is the only book that offers important content on every page.
Nature is the only book that provides great content on every page.
Nature is under attack on all fronts.
Nature is violent. Humans are violent because they are part of nature.
Nature is waking up.
Nature is what rules.
Nature is wonderful, but it goes unnoticed daily.
Nature isn't cruel; it's indifferent.
Nature knows best.
Nature knows no boundaries.
Nature laughs at human suffering; Only ever contemplating its own grandeur, it dispenses with all its sovereign forces, and keeps calm and splendor for its own.
Nature made sure that living happily doesn't require much effort: everyone can make himself happy.
Nature makes us happier.
Nature may have developed that edible storage organ, called a tuber, by modifying genes known to be present in other members of the potato family.
Nature needs to be left as it is.
Nature needs to be preserved in and around Algiers.
Nature never appeals to intelligence until habit and instinct are useless.
Nature never breaks her own laws.
Nature never breaks its own laws.
Nature never deceives us; it is always we who deceive ourselves.
Nature photos of animals taken in complete tranquility and serenity are truly masterpieces.
Nature plays a significant role in our life.
Nature plays an important role in our life.
Nature provides all that I need.
Nature provides other forms of protection against environmental dangers.
Nature provides them with the means of survival.
Nature provides various means for keeping the body at an even temperature, and it is most essential not to disturb this balance.
Nature seems peaceful, but it is actually a perpetual bloodbath of animals dying in horrific ways.
Nature shows us only the tail of the lion. But there is no doubt in my mind that the lion belongs to it even if he cannot reveal himself to the eye all at once because of his enormous size. We see him only the way a louse sitting upon him would.
Nature sleeps during winter.
Nature sleeps in the winter.
Nature walks became their favorite escape.
Nature walks help me clear my mind.
Nature walks lead me to ponder the mysteries of life.
Nature will reclaim our planet.
Nature's balance is fragile.
Nature's balance is going to be upset everywhere.
Nature's equilibrium is very fragile.
Nature's greatest worker is time.
Nature, both in her palpable and impalpable aspects, may be said to be the book of life wherein are recorded the movements, the expressions, and the diacritics of life.
Nature, the inexhaustible treasure of colors and sounds, forms and rhythms, an unparalleled model of total development and perpetual variation, Nature is the supreme resource!
Nature’s balance is going to be upset everywhere.
Nature’s beauty fills my heart with gratitude.
Nature’s equilibrium is very fragile.
Naturopathy—also called naturopathic medicine—is a medical system that has evolved from a combination of traditional practices and health care approaches popular in Europe during the 19th century.
Naught is truer.
Naughty dots will be chopped off sentences.
Nauru is called "Naoero" in Nauruan.
Nausea hit me quickly.
Nautical charts are known to have been in use since the thirteenth century A.D., but the earliest extant of which the date can be fixed is Vesconte's loxodromic chart of 1311.
Navigation was difficult because there were mines.
Navrouzov called for an international court to try the militants from more than 80 countries which committed atrocities against the Yazidis.
Navy officers wear white uniforms.
Nay you would sooner have got a tooth from him than a piece of money in an honest matter.
Nay, since you will not love, would I were growing A happy daisy, in the garden path That so your silver foot might press me going, Might press me going even unto death.
Nay, then, I will try it.
Nay.
Naypyidaw is the capital of Myanmar.
Nazareth! Can anything good come from there?
Nazi Germany invaded Poland in September 1939.
Nazi Germany surrendered in 1945.
Nazi comparisons are inappropriate in every situation.
Nazis are marching in the streets.
Nazis don't protest on the same side as actual feminists.
Nazis marched in Chicago with signs saying "Arbeit macht frei."
Nazis marching outside libraries are not appropriate for children to see.
Nazis often use dog whistles in the hopes that they will generate outrage, and use this outrage to further their propaganda.
Nazism must be denazified.
Na’vi language is used in Avatar.
Ncuti Gatwa plays the Fifteenth Doctor on Doctor Who.
Nderitu said attacks reported on villages around El Fasher appear intended to cause displacement and fear, rather than accomplish specific military objectives.
Nderitu visited refugees in neighboring Chad in October and said she saw camps set up there in the early 2000s to house civilians fleeing that genocide, side-by-side with camps for the new refugees.
Ndiaye says when they did find a well with water, each girl took only two buckets so there would be enough for the rest of the village. It is a routine she repeated for years in this remote area near the Mauritanian border, her hands calloused by working the rough rope that drops down into the well's darkness.
Ndoro says she often awakes in the early hours of the morning to make notes for her show.
Nealson displayed the phenomenon in a time-lapse video that shows Shewanella making a piece of manganese oxide slowly disappear.
Near Sleepy Hollow is a village called Tarry Town.
Near Wildeshausen, in northern Germany, medics had to attend to a group of about 20 children and teens Monday night after the air conditioning in the bus they were traveling in broke down.
Near duplicates are not a problem that affects anyone; hate speech is.
Near its terminus the glacier becomes a stagnating mass of ice covered by rock that is nearly indistinguishable from the surrounding moraine.
Near my ex-home, Commercial Drive in Vancouver, BC, is a place for metamodernist "hippies."
Near my ex-home, on Commercial Drive in Vancouver, BC, was Sweet Cherubim, a store and restaurant with South Asian "hippie" food.
Near my house there is a river.
Near my house there is a very troubled new family.
Near my house, there's a park.
Near such high virtue, every maiden fear takes wing at once.
Near the bed, the composite aluminium robot, with a human shape and with a rubber skin, cleverly painted to resemble human skin, glued to its body, was standing naked.
Near the coast, onshore breezes keep even hot days tolerably cool.
Near the door, an elaborate metal robot -- a robot designed to keep away intruders, was standing coldly.
Near the end of his life, he started to worry a lot about what his legacy would be.
Near the equator, the weather is hot and humid year-round.
Near the fire, the wax is melting.
Near the forest stands an isolated house.
Near the market square there is an imposing synagogue.
Near the parking lot, there was a tall mountain.
Near the street Anthony drank water-chestnut juice from a bottle.
Near the west side of the park there's a lot of noise from the road, but when you go into the park you can't hear it any more.
Near the west side of the park there’s a lot of noise from the road, but when you go into the park you can’t hear it any more.
Near these scarabs there was a case in which had been thrown three heavy gold rings, their bezels engraved with hieroglyphics, which had doubtless been worn on the dry, yellow fingers of imperious Pharaohs.
Near to the winter fire sat a beautiful young girl.
Near us a multicoloured goldfinch drank from the water of the stream.
Near where I live is a reservoir.
Near yonder narrow road stands an old knight's castle; thick ivy creeps over the old ruined walls, leaf over leaf, even to the balcony, in which stands a beautiful maiden. She bends over the balustrades, and looks up the road. No rose on its stem is fresher than she; no apple-blossom, wafted by the wind, floats more lightly than she moves. Her rich silk rustles as she bends over and exclaims, 'Will he not come?'
Near-death experiences have a noetic quality.
Nearby here is where I grew up.
Nearby were six stone jars used by the Jews for ceremonial washing, each containing twenty to thirty gallons.
Nearby, Donald Ellis, a Canadian dealer specializing in Native American art, was admiring the Crow Indian buffalo-hide robe he was selling.
Nearby, a child scrambles up the side of a mountain of trash, scouring the rubbish for anything usable or salable.
Nearby, at the Friends of Texas Wildlife Center northwest of Houston, volunteers help care for a variety of injured animals. There, a red-tailed hawk is recovering from what may have been a collision with a glass window.
Nearly 10,000 athletes live in the Olympic village.
Nearly 13 million people in the U.S. suffer from asthma, a chronic inflammatory disease of the breathing airways. Air pollution makes asthma worse. People with other severe health conditions — such as heart disease — are also more likely to suffer in polluted air.
Nearly 2 million people were ordered to evacuate several southern Japanese islands as the typhoon bashed the region.
Nearly 20 years ago, his family started raising sheep at an old farmhouse he renovated.
Nearly 3,000 Italian doctors have fallen sick because of COVID-19.
Nearly 30% of Algeria's total population speaks Berber.
Nearly 30% of Italians under the age of 25 are unemployed, according to Eurostat, the European Statistical Office.
Nearly 4 million people, or 2.7% of the workforce quit their jobs in April alone.
Nearly 400 of the world's 500 largest companies outsource some work to India—and a large chunk of this comes from U.S. clients.
Nearly 50 million older Americans and Americans with disabilities rely on Medicare each year.
Nearly 80 percent of the land is mountains.
Nearly 90% of the islands' food and consumer goods must be imported.
Nearly a dozen Saskatchewan healthcare personnel tested positive for COVID-19 after a curling bonspiel in Edmonton.
Nearly a hundred souls were in her, all told, when we set sail from Falmouth.
Nearly a hundred thousand pounds' worth of American railway bonds, with a large amount of scrip in mines and other companies, was discovered in the bag.
Nearly a quarter of Italians are over the age of 65.
Nearly a thousand people participated in the demonstration.
Nearly a week after Typhoon Haiyan devastated parts of the Philippines, destroyed roadways are hampering efforts to get aid to hundreds of thousands of people in dire need of basic supplies.
Nearly a year into the global coronavirus pandemic, doctors are monitoring patients they call COVID long haulers: people who suffer from symptoms months after they recovered from the immediate effects of the virus.
Nearly all Algerians are of Berber descent.
Nearly all Japanese have dark hair.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Nearly all men die of their remedies, and not of their illness.
Nearly all men die of their remedies, and not of their illnesses.
Nearly all my friends are from Kabylie.
Nearly all nations have signed on to the Paris climate agreement, which pledges to keep global warming to less than a global average of 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels, and ideally below 1.5 degrees.
Nearly all of New York City's 300,000 employees were required to be back at their workplaces this week as the city ended remote work.
Nearly all plants go dormant during the winter.
Nearly all siheyuans had their main buildings and gates facing south for better lighting, so a majority of hutongs run from east to west.
Nearly all the corners of the ramshackle house were riddled with cobwebs.
Nearly all the doorknobs in this apartment were broken.
Nearly all young people have a compass with which they delight in measuring the future; when their will is equal to the breadth of the angle at which they open it, the world is theirs.
Nearly every United States president in any number of past decades has pursued a policy of jingoistic warmongering.
Nearly every main venue for social life in South Korea has been affected.
Nearly every woman I know has experienced some instance of sexual harassment.
Nearly everybody got here on time.
Nearly everybody there thought it was a good idea.
Nearly everyone came at the right time.
Nearly everyone got here on time.
Nearly everyone knows that my mother tongue is Turkish.
Nearly everyone there thought it was a good idea.
Nearly everything Tom and Mary eat comes from their land.
Nearly everything has got better.
Nearly finished.
Nearly five hours have passed by.
Nearly half the students have learned English.
Nearly lost Chinese etiquette terms.
Nearly one billion people around the globe lack access to clean, safe water.
Nearly one half of the north side of this street was occupied by the churchyard and church; the remaining portion, as well as the opposite side of the way, being composed of small low, two-story cottages with thatched roofs (and most of them having little projecting dormer-windows), a couple of public-houses, and a small grocery establishment.
Nearly one in four Americans carries a good luck charm at least occasionally, according to a new survey.
Nearly the entire class raised their hands.
Nearly three decades later, U.S. President Donald Trump is hoping that simple message in 2020 will help foil his eventual Democratic Party challenger.
Nearly three hours passed.
Nearly three thousand years ago, a bright, handsome Hebrew lad was playing a harp while watching his father's sheep on the hills of Bethlehem.
Nearly three.
Neat!
Nebraska has wide open skies.
Nebraska is on the plains.
Nebraska is one of the "flyover states."
Necessary self-defense isn't banned.
Necessity even emboldens the timid.
Necessity even hardens the timid.
Necessity forced him.
Necessity gives us obstruction of choice.
Necessity has no law.
Necessity is a stern but an excellent schoolmistress.
Necessity is the mother of all invention.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
Necessity isn't nice.
Necessity knows no law.
Necile gathered the softest moss in all the forest for Claus to lie upon.
Necile knew she was breaking the Law, but the thought did not give pause to her dainty feet.
Necile wept for the first time in her life, and clung to the boy's neck as if she could not bear to let him go.
Necile's duties were few and simple.
Necile, who had eagerly listened to every word, echoed in a whisper: "I, too, am glad!"
Necromancers can resurrect the dead.
Necrosis can be fatal.
Necrosis is unpleasant.
Necrotizing fasciitis is a rare side effect of many medications in which the body undergoes rapid necrosis.
Nectar is a basic material that bees rely on to produce honey.
Nectarines and peaches are the same species.
Ned Cathers is a professional dog sled "musher" who's home on the edge of Lake Laberge is about an hour north of the small town of Whitehorse, capital of the Yukon Territory of Canada.
Ned Clay accidentally squeaked his pencil while working a sum, caught Anne's eye and wished the floor would open and swallow him up.
Ned comes from the state of Utah.
Ned held the flag erect.
Need I go on?
Need I go right now?
Need I go to the dentist's?
Need I go to the dentist’s?
Need I remind you that I saved your bacon on more than one occasion?
Need I say more?
Need Tom stay home today?
Need a break? Let's chill out.
Need a hand?
Need a lift?
Need a light?
Need a relaxing massage, sweetheart?
Need a ride?
Need any help?
Need anything else?
Need backup.
Need doesn't respect law.
Need he go right now?
Need he run so fast?
Need is the strongest drive.
Need it? I don't need anything. I'm rich; needing is for poor people. Only poor people need things.
Need one make so much noise?
Need some help?
Need they have sold the farm?
Need we bring our dictionaries to class tomorrow?
Need we wait for her?
Needle exchange programs are evidence-based instead of morality-based.
Needless to say Yanni is a Berber teacher now.
Needless to say he is one of the best writers of the present generation.
Needless to say that Algiers is a pretty weird place.
Needless to say that Fadil and Layla's first date was also their last.
Needless to say that Vladimir's children were spooked.
Needless to say, I am going to Ali's wedding. He is my best friend.
Needless to say, I'm proud of my children.
Needless to say, I've come here to help you.
Needless to say, I’ve come here to help you.
Needless to say, Judy came late as usual.
Needless to say, Norway has become the world's second largest oil supplier.
Needless to say, Norway has become the world’s second largest oil supplier.
Needless to say, Tom and Mary are thrilled.
Needless to say, Tom didn't do what you asked him to do.
Needless to say, Tom didn't even notice.
Needless to say, Tom is thrilled.
Needless to say, Tom was late.
Needless to say, because of the accident, he will stay away from school for a while.
Needless to say, dealing in rice is a declining industry.
Needless to say, diligence is a key to happiness.
Needless to say, fear of war has to be handed down.
Needless to say, fundamental human rights should be respected.
Needless to say, getting up early is important.
Needless to say, he could not get the prize.
Needless to say, he did not win the prize.
Needless to say, he is right.
Needless to say, he never came again.
Needless to say, he was late for school as usual.
Needless to say, health is above wealth.
Needless to say, health is more important than wealth.
Needless to say, it was a rare occurrence.
Needless to say, it was extremely difficult to accomplish that mission.
Needless to say, that isn't going to happen today.
Needless to say, that's not going to happen today.
Needless to say, the Fifth Men had early mastered all those paradoxes of physical science which had so perplexed the First Men. Needless to say, they had a very complete knowledge of the geography of the cosmos and of the atom. But again and again the very foundations of their science were shattered by some new discovery, so that they had patiently to reconstruct the whole upon an entirely new plan. At length, however, with the clear formulation of the principles of psycho-physics, in which the older psychology and the older physics were held, so to speak, in chemical combination, they seemed to have built upon the rock. In this science, the fundamental concepts of psychology were given a physical meaning, and the fundamental concepts of physics were stated in a psychological manner. Further, the most fundamental relations of the physical universe were found to be of the same nature as the fundamental principles of art. But, and herein lay mystery and horror even for the Fifth Men, there was no shred of evidence that this aesthetically admirable cosmos was the work of a conscious artist, nor yet that any mind would ever develop so greatly as to be able to appreciate the Whole in all its detail and unity.
Needless to say, the good-squared bishop won the duel with the bad-squared bishop.
Needless to say, theft was a rare occurrence.
Needless to say, we were very tired by the end of the day.
Nefertari was Ramses II's first wife.
Nefertari was an Egyptian queen.
Nefertiti was famed for her beauty.
Negating the assertion requires a negative augend, but all augends are products of factors on the unit interval.
Negative electrons attract positive electrons.
Negative forms are difficult to translate.
Negative self-talk can cripple your progress.
Negative.
Neglecting the transformation would mean dropping all the assumptions on which this technique is founded.
Negligence is a type of damage or offense.
Negligence on his part led to the accident.
Negotiating is delicate business.
Negotiating stairs for someone with a disability can be frightening.
Negotiation with Tom exhausted me.
Negotiations are already underway.
Negotiations are continuing between Montenegro and the EU.
Negotiations are entering a critical phase.
Negotiations are going nowhere.
Negotiations are proceeding very slowly.
Negotiations are still going on.
Negotiations ended inconclusively.
Negotiations ended without conclusion.
Negotiations for territorial status began in 1972.
Negotiations have entered a new round.
Negotiations have gone into a new round.
Negotiations lasted many days.
Negotiations with the president of the United States Donald Trump took place in a frank and businesslike atmosphere.
Negotiators have agreed on two draft texts, but there are still many areas of disagreement.
Negro is a word in the Spanish language, racist people just made it to a racial slur.
Nehi is a woman.
Neigh!
Neighbors are still upset.
Neighbors help each other.
Neighbors on a British street this week pulled together to help an eight-year-old girl celebrate her birthday after coronavirus lockdown regulations left her stuck in her house.
Neighbors reported hearing the children scream.
Neighbors said that they heard Tom screaming.
Neighbors said they heard Tom screaming.
Neighbors said they heard yelling.
Neighbors watched in horror as the house on fire collapsed under the flames.
Neighbors went hastily to the old tumble-down hut, in which she had secured little more than a place of shelter from summer heats and winter cold: some with grave-clothes for a decent interment of the body; and some with food for the half-starving children, three in number.
Neighbourly relations are necessary for success.
Neil Alden Armstrong was born on August 5, 1930 in Wapakoneta, Ohio.
Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin walked on the moon for the first time in July 1969.
Neil Armstrong flew aboard Gemini 8. While in orbit, he and fellow astronaut David Scott carried out the first docking in space between two vehicles.
Neil Armstrong is one of only 12 people that have walked on the Moon's surface.
Neil Armstrong was a test pilot when he was chosen to be an astronaut.
Neil Armstrong was married and had two children.
Neil Armstrong was the first astronaut to walk on the moon.
Neil Armstrong was the first man on the moon.
Neil Armstrong's famous footprint is still right where he left it.
Neil Armstrong, allegedly the first man to set foot on the Moon, went into hiding for decades after the Apollo 11 mission.
Neil Armstrong’s famous footprint is still right where he left it.
Neil Gemmell, a geneticist from the University of Otago in New Zealand, led the study that tried to catalog all living species in the lake by extracting DNA from water samples.
Neil Gorsuch was appointed in a highly irregular manner after a seat was held open for him by Mitch McConnell instead of hearing the nominations of Barack Obama, so he should be removed from office.
Neil built a sandcastle.
Neil has a bachelors degree in aerospace engineering from Purdue University. He also has a masters degree in aeronautical engineering from the University of Southern California.
Neil has become a lot more uninhibited since he moved to Europe.
Neither Ania nor Magdalena love Justin Bieber.
Neither Damiano nor Rima understand Berber.
Neither David, nor Martha were ready to believe that.
Neither Esperanto nor Interlingua employ double negative.
Neither Finland nor Sweden would have joined NATO had Russia not invaded Ukraine.
Neither Finland nor Sweden would have joined NATO if Russia hadn't invaded Ukraine.
Neither God nor Master.
Neither I nor my boyfriend can drive.
Neither Jim Lovell nor Fred Haise would ever walk on the moon.
Neither Johnny Depp nor Amber Heard lives in Virginia.
Neither Mary nor John can swim.
Neither Thomas nor Marie speak Spanish.
Neither Tom nor I can do that very well.
Neither Tom nor I can do that.
Neither Tom nor I can speak French.
Neither Tom nor I did that.
Neither Tom nor I'll do that.
Neither Tom nor John has a beard.
Neither Tom nor John has a girlfriend.
Neither Tom nor John has a mustache.
Neither Tom nor Mary agreed to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary are answering their phones.
Neither Tom nor Mary are hungry.
Neither Tom nor Mary ate dessert.
Neither Tom nor Mary blushed.
Neither Tom nor Mary bought anything.
Neither Tom nor Mary came to visit us.
Neither Tom nor Mary can cook very well.
Neither Tom nor Mary can do that very well.
Neither Tom nor Mary can do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary can drive.
Neither Tom nor Mary can eat nuts.
Neither Tom nor Mary can have their own children, so they are considering adoption.
Neither Tom nor Mary can play tennis very well.
Neither Tom nor Mary can play the clarinet.
Neither Tom nor Mary can sing very well.
Neither Tom nor Mary can speak French.
Neither Tom nor Mary can swim very well.
Neither Tom nor Mary can swim.
Neither Tom nor Mary can take care of themselves.
Neither Tom nor Mary could do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary covered their mouths.
Neither Tom nor Mary cried.
Neither Tom nor Mary did that yesterday.
Neither Tom nor Mary did that.
Neither Tom nor Mary died in the accident.
Neither Tom nor Mary goes to the store.
Neither Tom nor Mary got here early.
Neither Tom nor Mary grew up in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary grew up in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary had a job.
Neither Tom nor Mary had any good ideas.
Neither Tom nor Mary had any suggestions.
Neither Tom nor Mary had anything to do with it.
Neither Tom nor Mary had anything to do with that.
Neither Tom nor Mary had anything to say.
Neither Tom nor Mary had ever done that before.
Neither Tom nor Mary had trouble sleeping.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a Canadian passport.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a Canadian spouse.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a Japanese car.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a Ph.D.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a bicycle.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a bike.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a birthday in October.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a blog.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a boat.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a brother named John.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a busy day tomorrow.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a car.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a chance of winning.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a cold.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a criminal record.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a dark complexion.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a decent salary.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a degree in biology.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a difficult job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a diplomatic passport.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a dog named Cookie.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a dog.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a driver's license.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a fever.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a flexible schedule.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a full-time job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a gold credit card.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a good command of French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a guitar.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a gun.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a heated swimming pool.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a horse.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a house with a pool.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lawyer.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of black and white pictures of his grandparents.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of books.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of clothes in his closet that he never wears anymore.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of clothes in his closet.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of confidence in himself.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of experience in computers.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of free time.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of friends.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of hard work ahead of him.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of homework to do this evening.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of money, but he isn't happy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of money, but he's not happy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of money, but he's not very happy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of money, but she's happy while he is not.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of people to see tomorrow morning.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of problems to deal with.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of projects in the works.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of questions to ask you.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of respect for their teachers.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of teaching experience.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he has to buy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he has to do today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he needs to buy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he needs to do today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he needs to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he wants to buy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he wants to do today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he wants to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things to deal with.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things to do this morning before he leaves the house.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of work to do before he can go home.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of work to do this week.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a motorcycle.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a part-time job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a personal bodyguard.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a piano.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a pickup truck.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a pocket watch.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a postgraduate degree.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a really nice voice.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a rice cooker.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a rowboat.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a son named John.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a son who's a policeman.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a stressful job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a swimming pool.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a ticket.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a very good job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a very good memory.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a very good salary.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a very important job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a very nice car.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a very stressful job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a younger brother.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a younger sister.
Neither Tom nor Mary has accumulated a lot of junk since he's moved into this house.
Neither Tom nor Mary has achieved very much.
Neither Tom nor Mary has actually ever been to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has admitted any wrongdoing.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to attend.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to go with us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to help us do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to help us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to meet with us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to testify.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to work for us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has always been fair.
Neither Tom nor Mary has an alibi.
Neither Tom nor Mary has an older brother.
Neither Tom nor Mary has any antiques.
Neither Tom nor Mary has any chance of winning.
Neither Tom nor Mary has any experience doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has any experience teaching French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has any money in the bank.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything better to do right now.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything better to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything else to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything else to say.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything important to say.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything left to sell.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything that needs to be taken care of today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to apologize for.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to be afraid of.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to be ashamed of.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to be scared of.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to complain about.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to do right now.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to do with that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to do with the case.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to do with this.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to hide.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to lose.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to say to you.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to tell you.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to worry about.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything we want.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything you want.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anywhere else to go.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anywhere to go.
Neither Tom nor Mary has apologized for doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has apologized for that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has arrived.
Neither Tom nor Mary has as many books as I have.
Neither Tom nor Mary has asked for help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has asked me not to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has asked me to do that again.
Neither Tom nor Mary has asked me to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has asked us for help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has asked us to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has attended many ceremonies.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been a basketball coach for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been a very good manager.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been a very good role model.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been able to solve the problem.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been accused of cheating.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been accused of doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been acting strangely lately.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been acting suspiciously.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been around for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been arrested.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been asked to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been asked to leave.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been asked to resign.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been asking me a lot of questions.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been badly injured.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been blamed for what happened.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been briefed about the situation.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been busy all week.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been busy this week.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been busy today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been causing a lot of problems.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been causing problems.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been complaining of pain.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been cooperating.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been cooperative.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been crying for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been deported.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been diagnosed with leukemia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been disqualified.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been doing a good job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been doing that for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been doing this for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been doing well at school.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been drinking.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been eliminated as a suspect.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been expelled from school.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been fired.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been formally charged with murder.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been friendly to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been gaining weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been getting a lot of the attention.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been getting better.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been getting ready to leave.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been getting up early.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been given a raise.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been given a second chance.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been given a warning.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been giving me any bad advice.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been going to night school.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been gone for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been having a really good year.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been having trouble sleeping.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been helping me recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been helping me very much.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been helping me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been helping out around the house.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been helping us with that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been helping us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been here a long time.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been here all afternoon.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been here for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been here since early October.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been here since last October.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been here very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been here.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been hiding in the basement.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been home since they graduated from college.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in Boston for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in Boston since last October.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in prison for a very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in prison for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in prison very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in prison.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in the garden pulling weeds.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in the hospital for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in the hospital recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in there for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in this room all morning.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been injured.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been invited to the party.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been kept waiting for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been kicked out of school.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been living alone for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been living here very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been living in Boston for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been living in Boston very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been looking for a new job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been losing weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been making any progress.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been married very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been nice to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been notified.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been offered a better job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been offered a job in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been offered a job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been ordered to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been planning to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been playing the clarinet very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been punished.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been putting on any weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been putting on weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been released from jail.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been released from prison.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been saving money to buy a car.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been seeing a psychiatrist.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been seeing a therapist.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been seriously injured.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been severely injured.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been sick for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been singing a lot of sad songs recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been skipping classes.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been sleeping on the couch.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been spending a lot of money on clothes.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been spending a lot of time alone in his room.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been staying with us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been studying French very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been studying French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been supportive.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been suspended from school.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been suspended from the team.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been taken to the hospital yet.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been taken to the hospital.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been taking the bus to work.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been teaching very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been there very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been to Australia before.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been to Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been to another country.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told about the problem.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told not to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told to go home.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told to leave.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told what happened.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told what to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been transferred to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been transferred.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been treated fairly.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been trying to get in shape.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been trying to lose weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been under a lot of strain recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very active.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very busy lately.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very busy recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very busy this week.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very busy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very careful.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very cooperative.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very helpful.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very kind to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very kind to us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very nice to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very nice to us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very patient.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very productive.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very respectful.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very successful.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very supportive.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very tolerant.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been waiting for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been waiting here very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been waiting long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been waiting very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been with us for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been working for us for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been working hard.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been working in the garden.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been working overtime.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been working the night shift.
Neither Tom nor Mary has begun studying French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has begun to look for work.
Neither Tom nor Mary has blue eyes.
Neither Tom nor Mary has blue jeans on.
Neither Tom nor Mary has borrowed a lot of money from me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has bought a house in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has called the police.
Neither Tom nor Mary has caused any trouble.
Neither Tom nor Mary has caused me much trouble.
Neither Tom nor Mary has caused us a lot of trouble already.
Neither Tom nor Mary has caused us much trouble.
Neither Tom nor Mary has changed much.
Neither Tom nor Mary has come back from Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has come here to help us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has come to Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has come to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has come to us for help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has committed a crime.
Neither Tom nor Mary has confessed.
Neither Tom nor Mary has contributed a lot of money to the charity.
Neither Tom nor Mary has contributed a lot of money to this hospital.
Neither Tom nor Mary has dark hair.
Neither Tom nor Mary has decided to go back to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has decided to move to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has decided to stay in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has decided what to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has denied cheating.
Neither Tom nor Mary has denied the accusations.
Neither Tom nor Mary has denied the allegations.
Neither Tom nor Mary has donated a lot of money to various charities.
Neither Tom nor Mary has donated any money to us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done a good job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done a lot of really good things.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done a lot of really stupid things.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done a nice job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done a very good job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything but complain.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything disrespectful.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything foolish.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything illegal.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything like that before.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything like this before.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything really bad.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything stupid.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything to be ashamed of.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything wrong.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything yet.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done much for us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done that very many times.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done that yet.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done very well.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done what everybody else has done.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done what everyone else has done.
Neither Tom nor Mary has driving licence.
Neither Tom nor Mary has dual citizenship.
Neither Tom nor Mary has earned much money.
Neither Tom nor Mary has eaten yet.
Neither Tom nor Mary has enough time to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever actually done that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever actually lived in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever actually taught French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever attempted to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever been able to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever been here.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever been to Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever been to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever been to a French-speaking country.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever done that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever gone to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever has been married.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever lived in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever lived in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever refused to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever spoken French to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever studied French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever taught French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever tried doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever tried to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever visited Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever wanted to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has expensive tastes.
Neither Tom nor Mary has experience doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has experience teaching French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has figured it out.
Neither Tom nor Mary has filed for divorce.
Neither Tom nor Mary has finished doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has finished eating.
Neither Tom nor Mary has finished.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found a job in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found a job in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found a job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found a solution.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found a way to do it.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found anything interesting.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found anything valuable.
Neither Tom nor Mary has fully recovered.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gained a lot of weight recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gained much weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gained weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given a lot of money to charity.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given a lot of things to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given away a lot of his money.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given me a lot of guidance.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given me any advice.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given me any money.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given me anything.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given me much advice.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given me much help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given us anything.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone abroad.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone back home to Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone back home to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone back home.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone fishing recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone fishing this weekend.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone into the cave.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone out for a walk.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone out to eat.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone shopping recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone shopping today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone to the library.
Neither Tom nor Mary has good handwriting.
Neither Tom nor Mary has got anywhere to go.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gotten fatter.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gotten married.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gotten much better at chess.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gotten used to doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gray hair.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had a busy month.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had a lot of bad experiences.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had a lot of practice doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had a very good year.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had an operation.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had anything to eat all day.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had many opportunities to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had much practice.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had very good luck.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had very much to drink.
Neither Tom nor Mary has helped a lot of people in this town.
Neither Tom nor Mary has helped a lot of people quit smoking.
Neither Tom nor Mary has helped me much.
Neither Tom nor Mary has helped me very much.
Neither Tom nor Mary has high blood pressure.
Neither Tom nor Mary has hired a lawyer.
Neither Tom nor Mary has homework to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has jeans on.
Neither Tom nor Mary has joined the team.
Neither Tom nor Mary has left for school.
Neither Tom nor Mary has left the building.
Neither Tom nor Mary has left the country.
Neither Tom nor Mary has left yet.
Neither Tom nor Mary has left.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lived alone for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lived here for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lived here very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lived in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lived in Boston for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has long hair.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost a lot of blood and he's weak.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost a lot of blood and the doctors are worried.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost a lot of hair since the last time I saw him.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost a lot of weight recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost a lot of weight since October.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost a lot of weight since the last time I saw him.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost any weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost much weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost very much weight recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost very much weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made a decision.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made a mistake.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made a serious mistake.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made any bad decisions recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made any bad decisions.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made any bad mistakes.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made any good suggestions.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made any mistakes.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made any new friends since they've moved to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made any progress.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made any very big mistakes.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made many new friends.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made the team.
Neither Tom nor Mary has managed to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has many antiques.
Neither Tom nor Mary has many friends here.
Neither Tom nor Mary has many friends.
Neither Tom nor Mary has met John.
Neither Tom nor Mary has money problems.
Neither Tom nor Mary has more books than I do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has more money than I do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has moved back to Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has moved back to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has much experience.
Neither Tom nor Mary has much free time.
Neither Tom nor Mary has much money in the bank.
Neither Tom nor Mary has much money.
Neither Tom nor Mary has much time.
Neither Tom nor Mary has much work to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has offered any suggestions.
Neither Tom nor Mary has offered to help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has one of those.
Neither Tom nor Mary has played a lot of basketball.
Neither Tom nor Mary has promised to come.
Neither Tom nor Mary has promised to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has promised to help us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has promised to help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has put on a lot of weight recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has put on a lot of weight since the last time I saw him.
Neither Tom nor Mary has put on weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has quit smoking.
Neither Tom nor Mary has read a lot of books about that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has really helped a lot of people.
Neither Tom nor Mary has received a gift.
Neither Tom nor Mary has received much help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has recently been learning how to sing a lot of new songs.
Neither Tom nor Mary has recently lost a lot of hair.
Neither Tom nor Mary has red hair.
Neither Tom nor Mary has refused to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has regained consciousness.
Neither Tom nor Mary has registered to vote.
Neither Tom nor Mary has rejected the idea.
Neither Tom nor Mary has rejoined the team.
Neither Tom nor Mary has requested help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has requested our help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has resigned.
Neither Tom nor Mary has retired yet.
Neither Tom nor Mary has retired.
Neither Tom nor Mary has run away from home.
Neither Tom nor Mary has signed a confession.
Neither Tom nor Mary has solved the puzzle.
Neither Tom nor Mary has spent a lot of time doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has spent a lot of time in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has spent any time in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has spent any time in jail.
Neither Tom nor Mary has spent much time in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has spent much time in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has spent time in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has spoken to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has started dating again.
Neither Tom nor Mary has started doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has started looking for a job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has started looking for a new job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has started to look for a new job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has stopped crying.
Neither Tom nor Mary has stopped smoking.
Neither Tom nor Mary has studied French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has suggested a solution.
Neither Tom nor Mary has taught French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has the ability to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has the flu.
Neither Tom nor Mary has the right to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has time to do that today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has time to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has time.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to be here tomorrow.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to be in Boston next Monday.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to come to Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to come to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to cook dinner tonight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do a lot of things before noon.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do anything else now.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do anything.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that again.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that now.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that right away.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that tomorrow.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to dress up for work.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to get up early.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go anywhere today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go back to Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go back to Boston tomorrow.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go back to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go home.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go on a diet.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go there tomorrow.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go to Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go to the hospital.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to help me today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to help us today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to learn French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to leave immediately.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to lose weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to speak French at work.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to speak French every day at work.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to speak French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to speak to us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to stay in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to stay in Boston this weekend.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to stay in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to stay in bed.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to stay.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to stop doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to work on Mondays.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to work tomorrow.
Neither Tom nor Mary has told me I have to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has told me I need to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has told me what to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has traveled around Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has tried very hard.
Neither Tom nor Mary has trouble sleeping.
Neither Tom nor Mary has trouble speaking French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has trouble understanding French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has very good handwriting.
Neither Tom nor Mary has very many friends living in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has very much money in the bank.
Neither Tom nor Mary has very much money.
Neither Tom nor Mary has very much of money.
Neither Tom nor Mary has very much to do today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has very strong arms.
Neither Tom nor Mary has visited Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has visited Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has volunteered to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has waited very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has won a lot of awards this year.
Neither Tom nor Mary has won an award this year.
Neither Tom nor Mary has worked in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has worked very hard.
Neither Tom nor Mary has written a book.
Neither Tom nor Mary has written to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary hugged John.
Neither Tom nor Mary is a Republican.
Neither Tom nor Mary is a doctor.
Neither Tom nor Mary is a good singer.
Neither Tom nor Mary is a music major.
Neither Tom nor Mary is a teacher.
Neither Tom nor Mary is a very good chess player.
Neither Tom nor Mary is at home.
Neither Tom nor Mary is awake now.
Neither Tom nor Mary is busy right now.
Neither Tom nor Mary is busy.
Neither Tom nor Mary is correct.
Neither Tom nor Mary is dying.
Neither Tom nor Mary is from Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary is from Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary is going to be there.
Neither Tom nor Mary is going to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary is going to help us.
Neither Tom nor Mary is going to wait for us.
Neither Tom nor Mary is going to win.
Neither Tom nor Mary is happy.
Neither Tom nor Mary is here.
Neither Tom nor Mary is in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary is in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary is in a hurry.
Neither Tom nor Mary is likely to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary is likely to want to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary is likely to win.
Neither Tom nor Mary is looking for a job.
Neither Tom nor Mary is married.
Neither Tom nor Mary is over thirty.
Neither Tom nor Mary is planning to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary is ready to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary is ready yet.
Neither Tom nor Mary is retired.
Neither Tom nor Mary is supposed to be doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary is supposed to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary is very good at French.
Neither Tom nor Mary is very good at cooking.
Neither Tom nor Mary is very good at speaking French.
Neither Tom nor Mary is very good at tennis.
Neither Tom nor Mary is very likely to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary is very likely to wait for us.
Neither Tom nor Mary is waiting in the lobby.
Neither Tom nor Mary kissed their children goodbye this morning.
Neither Tom nor Mary knew how to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary know how to send a fax.
Neither Tom nor Mary know how to speak French.
Neither Tom nor Mary knows how to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary knows how to play the clarinet.
Neither Tom nor Mary laughed.
Neither Tom nor Mary left early.
Neither Tom nor Mary likes doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary likes eggplant very much.
Neither Tom nor Mary lived in Australia when they were children.
Neither Tom nor Mary lived in Australia when they were kids.
Neither Tom nor Mary lived in Boston when they were kids.
Neither Tom nor Mary lives in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary lives in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary looked disappointed.
Neither Tom nor Mary looked upset.
Neither Tom nor Mary looks disappointed.
Neither Tom nor Mary lost their jobs.
Neither Tom nor Mary needs to be concerned.
Neither Tom nor Mary needs to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary plans to go to Australia with us next weekend.
Neither Tom nor Mary plans to go to Boston with us next weekend.
Neither Tom nor Mary plans to study music in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary plans to study music in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary plays the clarinet.
Neither Tom nor Mary really wants to do that today.
Neither Tom nor Mary really wants to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary said a thing.
Neither Tom nor Mary screamed.
Neither Tom nor Mary seemed to be desperate.
Neither Tom nor Mary seemed to be impressed.
Neither Tom nor Mary seemed to be surprised.
Neither Tom nor Mary seemed to be suspicious.
Neither Tom nor Mary seems to be depressed.
Neither Tom nor Mary seems to be frightened.
Neither Tom nor Mary seems to be frustrated.
Neither Tom nor Mary sings well.
Neither Tom nor Mary smiled.
Neither Tom nor Mary speaks French.
Neither Tom nor Mary speaks Spanish.
Neither Tom nor Mary talked to John about that.
Neither Tom nor Mary talked to me about that.
Neither Tom nor Mary thanked John.
Neither Tom nor Mary took a sip.
Neither Tom nor Mary understands French.
Neither Tom nor Mary want to go to Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary wanted to buy any food.
Neither Tom nor Mary wanted to come with us.
Neither Tom nor Mary wanted to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary wanted to go to John and Alice's wedding.
Neither Tom nor Mary wanted to visit John in hospital.
Neither Tom nor Mary wanted to visit John in the hospital.
Neither Tom nor Mary wants to do that today.
Neither Tom nor Mary wants to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary wants to eat Thai food for lunch.
Neither Tom nor Mary wants to go to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary was absent today.
Neither Tom nor Mary was at the meeting.
Neither Tom nor Mary was at the party.
Neither Tom nor Mary was born in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary was born in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary was busy.
Neither Tom nor Mary was drunk.
Neither Tom nor Mary was elected class president.
Neither Tom nor Mary was fired.
Neither Tom nor Mary was handcuffed.
Neither Tom nor Mary was hurt.
Neither Tom nor Mary was impressed.
Neither Tom nor Mary was in a talkative mood.
Neither Tom nor Mary was in shock.
Neither Tom nor Mary was in the audience.
Neither Tom nor Mary was injured.
Neither Tom nor Mary was late.
Neither Tom nor Mary was nervous.
Neither Tom nor Mary was surprised.
Neither Tom nor Mary was very careful.
Neither Tom nor Mary wears glasses.
Neither Tom nor Mary went to Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary went to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary went to school yesterday.
Neither Tom nor Mary went to the concert.
Neither Tom nor Mary went to yesterday's meeting.
Neither Tom nor Mary will be allowed to visit their children.
Neither Tom nor Mary will be here tomorrow.
Neither Tom nor Mary will do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary will eat lunch with us tomorrow.
Neither Tom nor Mary will win.
Neither Tom nor Mary worked for John.
Neither Tom nor Mary works in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary works in Boston.
Neither Vera nor Sergey could answer that question.
Neither Ziri nor Rima came out.
Neither Ziri nor Rima go out into the woods alone.
Neither Ziri nor Rima slept that night.
Neither a borrower nor a lender be!
Neither a borrower nor a lender be.
Neither a borrower nor a lender be: For loan oft loses both itself and friend; And borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry.
Neither a borrower nor a lender be; / For loan oft loses both itself and friend, / And borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry.
Neither a person, nor a people should be defined only by their worst moment.
Neither a wise man or a brave man lies down on the tracks of history to wait for the train of the future to run over him.
Neither am I old, nor are you.
Neither am I!
Neither am I.
Neither approach is ideal.
Neither at night nor during the day do they allow anyone to sleep.
Neither be afraid nor let fly an evil word.
Neither be cynical about love; for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment it is as perennial as the grass.
Neither before nor after.
Neither bill became law.
Neither book is mine.
Neither can I explain it.
Neither can I see anything.
Neither can I.
Neither candidate is very well known.
Neither close nor far.
Neither could the magicians stand before Moses, for the boils that were upon them, and in all the land of Egypt.
Neither decision was a surprise.
Neither defendant was found guilty.
Neither delight nor sorrow is permanent.
Neither do I deny myself to be near of kin, but there is another nearer than I.
Neither do I!
Neither do I.
Neither driver was hurt.
Neither driver was injured.
Neither entrance, nor exit.
Neither fear nor hope will save us.
Neither fish nor fowl.
Neither fountain is working.
Neither goal has been achieved.
Neither gold nor greatness make us happy.
Neither group spent much time discussing the topic.
Neither happiness nor misery last forever.
Neither has a mathematical plane.
Neither he nor I speak Spanish.
Neither he nor I spoke during the journey.
Neither he nor I spoke throughout the whole journey.
Neither he nor his wife was there.
Neither he nor his wife were present.
Neither he nor she sings well.
Neither he nor she wants to do the dishes, and so the two of them decided to eat out.
Neither his father nor his mother is alive.
Neither is acceptable.
Neither is beautiful.
Neither is correct.
Neither is leaving.
Neither is more correct than the other.
Neither is true.
Neither joy nor sadness lasts forever.
Neither joy nor sorrow can last forever.
Neither joy nor sorrow lasts for ever.
Neither joy nor sorrow lasts forever.
Neither knew he any other thing, but the bread which he ate.
Neither me nor Tom can swim.
Neither money nor fame made her happy.
Neither money nor glory made him happy.
Neither motorcyclist was wearing a helmet.
Neither my sister nor I have read this new novel.
Neither my wife nor my children knew about that.
Neither now nor in the future!
Neither of Tom's brothers can speak French.
Neither of Tom's children can speak French.
Neither of Tom's parents speak French.
Neither of Tom's parents speaks French.
Neither of Tom's parents went to college.
Neither of Tom's sisters is married.
Neither of his sons wanted to take over the business.
Neither of his sons wants to succeed to his family business.
Neither of his students passed the exam.
Neither of my brothers can swim.
Neither of my brothers is a teacher.
Neither of my brothers will be there.
Neither of my children can play chess.
Neither of my colleagues likes Tom.
Neither of my parents are alive.
Neither of my parents are still alive.
Neither of my parents can sing very well.
Neither of my parents can speak French.
Neither of my parents can swim.
Neither of my parents has a driver's license.
Neither of my parents is alive.
Neither of my parents is still living.
Neither of my parents is strict with me.
Neither of my parents play golf.
Neither of my parents smoke.
Neither of my parents went to college.
Neither of my roommates can speak French.
Neither of my roommates speaks French.
Neither of my sisters are married.
Neither of my sisters is married.
Neither of my two sisters are married.
Neither of the amendments passed.
Neither of the answers is correct.
Neither of the drowning men could be saved.
Neither of the two answers are right.
Neither of the two answers is right.
Neither of them admits defeat.
Neither of them are drivers.
Neither of them are here.
Neither of them are mine.
Neither of them are pretty.
Neither of them believed Ziri.
Neither of them belong to me.
Neither of them can speak French.
Neither of them cares for strenuous sports.
Neither of them had a job.
Neither of them is mine.
Neither of them is pretty.
Neither of them knew what to say or do.
Neither of them like me.
Neither of them looks busy.
Neither of them looks happy.
Neither of them seem to be aware of what has happened.
Neither of them seemed old.
Neither of them seemed too worried.
Neither of them talks to me.
Neither of them was at the meeting.
Neither of them was comfortable talking about the relationship.
Neither of them was comfortable talking about their relationship.
Neither of them was ever heard of again.
Neither of them was present at the meeting.
Neither of these is Tom's.
Neither of these is mine.
Neither of these suitcases is mine.
Neither of those answers is correct.
Neither of those books is interesting.
Neither of those boys can speak French.
Neither of those passed the test.
Neither of those students passed the test.
Neither of those things happened.
Neither of those two students passed the test.
Neither of those women can speak French.
Neither of us can afford that.
Neither of us can be there.
Neither of us can do that very well.
Neither of us can do that.
Neither of us can drive.
Neither of us can help you today.
Neither of us can speak French.
Neither of us could have done it alone.
Neither of us could have done that alone.
Neither of us could make out what Ziri said.
Neither of us could've done it alone.
Neither of us could've done that alone.
Neither of us did that.
Neither of us ever opened that door.
Neither of us expected to win.
Neither of us got here on time.
Neither of us got our wish.
Neither of us got the joke.
Neither of us had brought a gun.
Neither of us has anything to fear.
Neither of us has been there before.
Neither of us has been to Boston.
Neither of us has strayed.
Neither of us has to do that today.
Neither of us has to do that.
Neither of us has to go back to Boston tomorrow.
Neither of us is from Boston.
Neither of us is going to do that.
Neither of us is good at swimming.
Neither of us is planning to do that.
Neither of us is right.
Neither of us knows how to do that.
Neither of us knows how to drive.
Neither of us knows what to do next.
Neither of us knows what to do.
Neither of us knows what's coming.
Neither of us knows.
Neither of us likes cats.
Neither of us likes doing that.
Neither of us needs to do that again.
Neither of us needs to do that.
Neither of us ran.
Neither of us really wants to do that today.
Neither of us really wants to do that.
Neither of us wanted to do that.
Neither of us wants that.
Neither of us wants to be afraid.
Neither of us wants to do that today.
Neither of us wants to do that, but one of us has to.
Neither of us wants to do that.
Neither of us wants to do this.
Neither of us wants to get married.
Neither of us was able to do that.
Neither of us was in Australia at that time.
Neither of us were in Boston at that time.
Neither of us will be in Boston next month.
Neither of us will do that.
Neither of you are in the right.
Neither of you got the joke.
Neither of you is what I had in mind.
Neither one is acceptable.
Neither one of them are here.
Neither one of them disagrees.
Neither one of those men is a Canadian.
Neither one of us can do that.
Neither one of us had a car.
Neither one of us is from Boston.
Neither one of us rides horses.
Neither one of us understands French.
Neither one of us wants to do that.
Neither one will solve the darkness.
Neither person moved away.
Neither report cited any sources.
Neither retreat nor flight nor waiting is wise when danger overwhelms hope.
Neither shall there remain any thing of it until morning. If there be any thing left, you shall burn it with fire.
Neither she nor you will forget what has happened.
Neither ship suffered any significant damage.
Neither side is without blame.
Neither side will concede.
Neither side wished to continue the fight.
Neither side would give up.
Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.
Neither statement is true.
Neither students nor professors should ever stop learning.
Neither students nor teachers should ever stop learning.
Neither team played well in the game.
Neither the Earth nor its orbit is perfectly round.
Neither the boy or girl was wearing shoes or socks.
Neither the captain nor the general was sending a letter.
Neither the flowers nor the earth showed any sign of having been disturbed, nor were there any marks upon the narrow strip of grass which separated the house from the road.
Neither the lexicon nor the pattern-book of English is closed.
Neither the one nor the other.
Neither the referee nor linesman saw the ball cross the goal line.
Neither the sun nor death can be looked in the face.
Neither today nor ever!
Neither victim has been identified.
Neither was right.
Neither was the land able to bear them, that they might dwell together: for their substance was great, and they could not dwell together.
Neither was true.
Neither was wearing a helmet.
Neither was wearing a lifejacket.
Neither was wearing a seatbelt.
Neither were we neither are we a couple.
Neither whales nor dolphins have gills.
Neither wild nor domestic animals appear to have any premonition of death.
Neither will happen.
Neither wine, nor opium, nor tobacco are necessary for people’s lives.
Neither with her nor with him.
Neither with her nor without her.
Neither woman was hurt.
Neither woman was injured.
Neither you nor I am old.
Neither you nor I are mistaken.
Neither you nor anyone else will prevent me from going.
Neither ‘common sense’ nor ‘logic’ can prove anything. Proof comes from experiment, or to put it another way, from experience, and from nothing else.
Neko mimi characters are cute!
Neko, you're the apple of my eye.
Nelly Callahan was the only one to see just what happened. Everyone else in camp had gone down the island that day to get a count of the half-wild cattle among the blueberry swamps.
Nelson Mandela hadn't gone to jail when I was born.
Nelson Mandela was a prisoner, a president, a Nobel Peace Prize winner and a terrorist.
Nelson Mandela was courteous and polite to all.
Nelson Mandela was one of those rare people who manage to win universal acclaim throughout the world.
Nelson Mandela was released from prison in 1990.
Nelson Mandela was still in jail when I was born.
Nemesio always got from one place to another riding a squirrel.
Nemesio covered his head with an acorn cap.
Nemesio fell from atop a tree, but since he only weighed a few grams, he didn't get hurt.
Nemesio had gotten drowsy rocking the baby shrews.
Nemesio is an affable, easy-going guy, but only when he's with Mary.
Nemesio isn't afraid of scorpions. In fact, he gets along pretty well with them.
Nemesio isn't scared of scorpions. In fact, he gets along really well with them.
Nemesio loved chatting with shrews and bats.
Nemesio loved to fall asleep to the nightly lullaby of the crickets' summer chirping.
Nemesio smoked a pipe, sitting on a mushroom.
Nemesio the gnome often asked owls, sparrow hawks and crows to take him quickly to hard-to-reach places.
Nemesio was a tiny, friendly gnome who loved singing.
Nemesio was rocking a beetle larva in half a nut shell when he noticed the smell of fire.
Nemesio was scared of those noisy, dim-witted giants that called themselves humans.
Nemesio's beard was long, white and fluffy.
Nenwë is a Noldo.
Neo can dodge bullets.
Neo faced a hail of bullets.
Neo found out he had been living in a dream the whole time.
Neo liked sitting in the sauna in the bathhouse.
Neo likes to spend Friday nights at the bathhouse, as he loiters the hallways with just a white towel around his waist.
Neo successfully dodged all the shots.
Neo-Nazi terrorists cut power to 40,000 people in North Carolina to stop a drag show from happening.
Neo-Nazis are hatemongers.
Neo-Nazis are not peaceful people.
Neo-Nazis are parading through the streets of the United States with police escorts, threatening to kill every marginalized person.
Neo-Nazis think Pride is somehow an example of Jews oppressing white people, and that Pride parades make white people akin to Palestinians.
Neo-Stalinists who are gay or Jewish don't know their own history.
Neoconservatism has discredited itself.
Neodymium is a rare earth metal with element symbol Nd and atomic number 60.
Neodymium is used in powerful magnets in wind turbines and electric vehicles. It makes the tiny magnets in cell phone speakers possible.
Neodymium magnets are very strong magnets.
Neoliberalism is a purely economic philosophy.
Neolog Judaism is closer to Orthodox than Conservative is, but still not Orthodox.
Neon is a noble gas with element symbol Ne and atomic number 10.
Neon is a noble gas.
Nepal is called "Nepal" in Nepali.
Nepal is currently the only country with a non-rectangular national flag.
Nepal is heavily dependent on remittances, which amount to as much as 30% of GDP.
Nepal lies between India and China.
Nepal was a kingdom.
Nepal's air industry has boomed in recent years.
Nepal's parliament on Sunday elected a Maoist candidate as the country's new prime minister.
Nepalese officials say they are considering the move to a lower elevation because the Khumbu glacier on which the camp sits is being melted away by climate change, which is undermining its foundation and slowly releasing decades worth of frozen trash and human waste.
Nephrops trawlers and scallop dredgers were allowed to continue using the area.
Nephthali, a hart let loose, and giving words of beauty.
Nepo has the potential to be a world champion, even against Magnus Carlsen, but he seems to keep reaching his psychological limits, making serious mistakes that shouldn't happen at this level.
Nepotism is very common in Algeria.
Nepotism is widespread in Eastern countries.
Nepotism needs to stop in Algeria.
Neptune and Pluto were Jupiter's brothers.
Neptune and Uranus are very much alike. They are both large gas planets that look like big blue-green balls in the sky.
Neptune generates more heat than it absorbs from the Sun, indicating it has its own internal heat source.
Neptune has a mantle of liquid hydrogen while the atmosphere is a combination of ammonia, helium, and methane. In the upper atmosphere, methane freezes and forms an ice cloud which casts a shadow on the clouds below.
Neptune has a very strong magnetic field.
Neptune has large, dark circles on its surface which astronomers believe to be storms.
Neptune has large, dark ovals on its surface which astronomers believe are hurricane-like storms.
Neptune has the longest orbit of any planet in the solar system.
Neptune has thirteen known moons.
Neptune has two thick and two thin rings which surround it.
Neptune has winds in its atmosphere which blow at over 2000 kilometers per hour!
Neptune has winds that are faster than any other planet in the solar system.
Neptune is a gas giant, too.
Neptune is blue, too.
Neptune is dark, cold, and very windy.
Neptune is exceedingly cold.
Neptune is more than 30 times as far from the sun as Earth is.
Neptune is on the horizon.
Neptune is so beautiful.
Neptune is the eighth planet from the Sun.
Neptune is the eighth planet of the solar system.
Neptune is the farthest planet from the Sun.
Neptune is very similar to Uranus.
Neptune isn't really a deep blue, but more similar to Uranus in color.
Neptune take a very long time to go around the sun.
Neptune takes 164 years to finish an orbit around the sun.
Neptune was Jupiter's brother.
Neptune was discovered because Uranus did not follow the orbital path predicted by astronomers. Astronomers assumed that the gravitational pull of another object was affecting the orbit of Uranus. This led them to look for, and find, Neptune.
Neptune was the roman equivalent of Poseidon.
Neptune, the lord of the seas, does not eat fish.
Nero did not actually fiddle while Rome burned.
Nero looked at Rome while it was burning.
Nerria, the Filipino wife of my white ex-neighbour Bruce, was an avid Roman Catholic.
Nervous people will scratch their heads.
Nervous? Me? No!
Nervously, Matthew turned and began to walk away.
Nessie was seen in the Lake Baikal.
Nested dolls are a telltale Russian export.
Nesting is a dangerous time for any bird.
Nesting on the island is a small population of penguins.
Nestled in the mountainous region of Soria north of Madrid, Sárnago's population reached its peak in 1950 when there were 462 permanent residents, mostly living off farming.
Nestor ate adobo.
Nestor ate noodles.
Nestor ate paella.
Nestor is eating a banana.
Nestor is eating a steamed bun.
Nestor is eating chicken adobo.
Nestor is eating pancit Malabon.
Nestor is eating ube.
Nestor is going to eat adobo.
Nestor will eat chicken adobo.
Nestorius was anathematized by the Fourth Ecumenical Council in 451.
Nestorius was anathematized in 451 at the Council of Chalcedon.
Nests containing colourful Easter eggs had been hidden throughout the garden.
Nests with colourful Easter eggs had been hidden all across the garden.
Nests with colourful Easter eggs were hidden all over the garden.
Nests with colourful Easter eggs were stashed all over the garden.
Net Com is Algiers's waste management company.
Net profit for the last three months is a new record high!
Net profit for the period is estimated at 5 billion yen, largely unchanged from the previous one.
Net-profit comes to 10 million dollars every year.
Netanyahu claims that he represents all of world Jewry.
Netanyahu doesn't want a one-state solution with the Palestinians.
Netanyahu has always talked and sought to fight a war. He should be given his war.
Netanyahu has always violated international law.
Netanyahu has realized that the two-state solution is dead.
Netanyahu has to be held accountable for what happened in Gaza on May 14, 2018.
Netanyahu is Israel's longest serving Prime Minister.
Netanyahu is a despicable human being.
Netanyahu is a monster.
Netanyahu is a war criminal.
Netanyahu is asking Palestinians to flee their country.
Netanyahu is back to power.
Netanyahu is not willing to give up territory to the Palestinians.
Netanyahu is very belligerent.
Netanyahu is violating international law.
Netanyahu needs to be made to pay for his crimes.
Netanyahu needs to stop harming civilians in Gaza.
Netanyahu promised permanent apartheid in the West Bank to save his political career.
Netanyahu should be arrested for war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Netanyahu supports the Zionist settlers who want to destroy the al-Aqsa Mosque.
Netanyahu told Gazans to flee. How are they supposed to do that?
Netanyahu wants to annex the West Bank.
Netanyahu wants to annex the entire territory of the West Bank.
Netanyahu wants to change the status quo of the West Bank.
Netanyahu wants to develop settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Netanyahu wants to severely curtail the powers of the judiciary.
Netanyahu wants to strengthen Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Netanyahu will be judged by history very harshly.
Netanyahu's book is full of untruths.
Netanyahu's grip on power is tenuous.
Netanyahu's lies need to be challenged.
Netanyahu's new government is considering to annex the West Bank.
Netflix is now available in Europe.
Netflix shoehorns homosexuality into every show.
Netflix will keep you up all night.
Netherlands so deserved the World Cup.
Netherlands wallop Spain.
Nettle is a wild plant.
Nettle proliferates, it abounds in our country. The nettle soup is good. I am just eating it. Very little will satisfy you.
Nettles are an effective medicine.
Network television hires the worst writers on earth.
Networking always sounds very exciting. How should I go about it?
Networks like Daesh and al-Qaida are, in fact, global federations of terrorism.
Neubronner fitted pigeons with miniature cameras.
Neuralgia is a rare disease.
Neurodivergent people aren't lists of symptoms to be treated.
Neurons are cells.
Neurosciences emerged in the nineteen-ninetiesishes.
Neuroscientist António Damásio defines consciousness as "the sensation of what is happening".
Neurosis is a trait often stereotypically assigned to Ashkenazi Jews.
Neurotypicals have no idea how many unspoken rules they live by.
Neutralism is the lack of any interaction between two organisms or species in a shared habitat.
Neutrinos rarely interact with matter.
Neutron stars spin rapidly giving off radio waves. If the radio waves appear to be emitted in pulses (due to the star's spin), these neutron stars are called pulsars.
Neutrophils are the most abundant type of white blood cells.
Never accept a gift intended as a bribe!
Never add fuel to the flames.
Never admit that you love him.
Never again did I see you.
Never again did he see her after that day.
Never again did she enter the house.
Never again will I hear from her a teasing whisper or soft blandishment, never again feel around me her tight embrace.
Never again will I lend him a book. My favourite book is now grease-stained and dog-eared.
Never again will I make that mistake.
Never again will I talk to him.
Never again will we face this unprepared.
Never again will we make that error.
Never again will we make that mistake.
Never again would she be curious about the city.
Never again would she want to live there.
Never again!
Never again.
Never agree to meet someone you've only met online.
Never answer questions with "yes" or "no", but say "yes, and let me tell you why" or "no, and I'll explain why not."
Never approach a cougar.
Never argue what I tell you to do; you only have to follow my orders.
Never argue with a drunk.
Never argue with a teacher before an exam.
Never argue with an idiot. People around might not notice the difference.
Never arrive late to a meeting!
Never arrive late to a meeting.
Never ask Tom for anything like that.
Never ask Tom the same questions.
Never ask a question if you aren't prepared to hear the answer.
Never ask for anything! Never for anything, and especially from those who are stronger than you. They'll make the offer themselves, and give everything themselves!
Never ask for the obvious.
Never ask her age!
Never ask her how old she is!
Never ask him how old he is!
Never associate with bad fellows.
Never assume that.
Never attempt to mount or even to try the bicycle unless the saddle is properly secured and immovable.
Never attempt to recreate the following experiment.
Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
Never bait me with a smile.
Never bathe your hamster.
Never be a conformist.
Never be afraid of making mistakes.
Never be afraid to make mistakes.
Never be alone with Tom.
Never be defeated by people's malice, by their aggression and their hate, no matter how intense.
Never be jealous.
Never be late for school again.
Never be noisy in this room.
Never be this late again.
Never before did I have a friend like you.
Never before had I felt so alive.
Never before had I felt so uncertain.
Never before had I seen so much money.
Never before had I seen such beauty.
Never before had they faced such a challenge.
Never before had they faced such challenges.
Never before had they felt so unsure.
Never before had they seen such chaos.
Never before had we needed patience like this.
Never before had we needed such courage.
Never before has he canceled a meeting.
Never before has there been so much snow.
Never before have I been so dumbfounded by a simple remark.
Never before have I felt so alive.
Never before have I seen a rash of this color.
Never before have I seen so much money.
Never before have I seen such strength.
Never before have we had such a strong longing for peace.
Never before in all our history have these forces been so united against one candidate as they stand today. They are unanimous in their hate for me—and I welcome their hatred.
Never being discouraged is the secret to my success.
Never believe an Islamist even if he tells you the truth because he will always find a way to lie to you!
Never believe him, he's a liar.
Never believe him, he’s a liar.
Never believe the mass media.
Never bend your head, always hold it high.
Never betray the trust of your friends.
Never bite the hand that feeds you.
Never borrow a car.
Never break a promise.
Never break your promise.
Never bring up religion or politics in the first conversation!
Never buy anything from Tom.
Never buy extended warranties.
Never buy what you don't want because it is cheap.
Never cackle till your egg is laid.
Never call anyone fat.
Never call me again!
Never call me again.
Never call someone a terrorist.
Never cast a clout till May is out.
Never cast dirt into that fountain of which you have sometime drunk.
Never cease to disappoint me.
Never change a running system.
Never change a winning team.
Never change anything!
Never change the default size of your browser when using an anonymizer like Tor while on the dark web.
Never change, Tom.
Never change.
Never cheat on me because I could die of grief.
Never choose a new vocation just because you are restless.
Never choose a vocation just because it is popular or sounds interesting.
Never choose a vocation just because it looks easy.
Never choose a vocation just because it looks profitable.
Never choose a vocation just because it permits the wearing of good clothes.
Never choose a vocation just because it promises social standing.
Never choose a vocation just because the hours are short.
Never choose a vocation just because your friends are in it, nor refuse another just because your worst enemy is in it.
Never come back here again.
Never come back here.
Never come back.
Never compare your wife to another woman.
Never completely surround the animal, trap an animal between a vessel and shore, block its escape route, or come between mother and young.
Never confront your enemies head-on.
Never confuse art with life.
Never confuse opinions with facts.
Never confuse pity with love.
Never contradict your elders.
Never count on victory until you've crossed the finish line.
Never cross the road without looking first to see if there are any cars coming.
Never cross the road without looking for oncoming cars.
Never cross the street without checking that no cars are coming.
Never cry over spilled milk.
Never dare to call me a thief again.
Never deal with a dragon and never trust an elf!
Never did I dream of hearing from Tom.
Never did I dream of meeting you here.
Never did I dream of such a thing.
Never did I dream of winning first prize.
Never did I dream that George would cheat me.
Never did I dream that I would meet you here.
Never did I dream that I would take first place in the piano contest.
Never did I dream that he would succeed.
Never did I dream that you would lose.
Never did I expect that I would see him there.
Never did I expect that he would fail the examination.
Never did I expect to see her in such a place.
Never did I expect to see you here.
Never did I say bad things about you.
Never did I see him again.
Never did I see such a beautiful sunset.
Never did I see such a fool.
Never did I see such powerful speakers.
Never did I tell her that I loved her.
Never did I think I would see her there.
Never did I think of it.
Never did anybody look more guilty than poor Joe at that moment.
Never did we see such a beautiful sunset.
Never did wolf rob me of a single one of my goats, but now marauders have carried away my entire herd, and the shepherdess, my companion, with them. My goats will be flayed, the sheep will be sacrificed, and Chloe will henceforth be confined in some city far away!
Never die easy.
Never dig straight down!
Never dig straight down.
Never discuss that again.
Never do anything just to show you can.
Never do it again.
Never do something like this again.
Never do such a thing again!
Never do that again.
Never do that in front of a man.
Never do that.
Never do things by halves.
Never do this again.
Never do today what you can put off till tomorrow.
Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow.
Never do we taste perfect joy: our happiest successes are mingled with sadness.
Never doubt the power of a committed minority to bring about change.
Never doubt yourself.
Never doubt!
Never drive faster than your guardian angel can fly.
Never eat a fig's little stem end.
Never eat a fig's stem.
Never eat poop.
Never eat shredded wheat.
Never eat soggy waffles.
Never end a sentence with a preposition.
Never ever do it like this again!
Never ever do it like this again.
Never ever do that again.
Never ever do this again.
Never ever give up.
Never ever!
Never fail to call me up at two o'clock.
Never fail to call me up at two o’clock.
Never fail to come here by five.
Never fail to lock the door when you go to bed.
Never feed dog food to your cat.
Never feed wildlife. This includes arctic ground squirrels, Canada jays, and short-billed gulls. Food and scented items must not be left unattended at any time unless stored in a bear resistant food container.
Never feel bad for asking a question.
Never flee from injustice, intolerance, or insanity. Reason must prevail.
Never flush drugs down the toilet.
Never flush medicines down the toilet.
Never follow your heroes on social media.
Never force a tape into the VCR, it could get stuck.
Never forget about it.
Never forget how much I love you.
Never forget it.
Never forget me.
Never forget that you owe what you are to your parents.
Never forget that you owe your existence to your parents.
Never forget that you too were once a learner.
Never forget that!
Never forget that.
Never forget the depths Tom was willing to sink to.
Never forget this, please.
Never forget to begin each sentence with a capital letter.
Never forget to craft a bed on your first day.
Never forget to eat well.
Never forget to lock the door.
Never forget to lock up when you go to bed.
Never forget to put out the fire.
Never forget to take care of yourself.
Never forget what I am about to tell you.
Never forget what Tom did for us today.
Never forget what matters.
Never forget what you have been through.
Never forget where you came from.
Never forget where you started.
Never forget who you are!
Never forget who you are.
Never forget you're someone's reason to smile, because you are a joke.
Never forget, life is a glory!
Never forget.
Never fry a fish till it's caught.
Never fuck with a fucker!
Never get involved with a sociopath.
Never get married.
Never get off the train while it is going.
Never give a sucker an even break.
Never give out your password to anyone.
Never give up and always think positive.
Never give up and never surrender.
Never give up hope.
Never give up on love.
Never give up on your ambitions.
Never give up on your dreams.
Never give up something you have to think about every day!
Never give up till the very end.
Never give up trying.
Never give up your friends, Dave, no matter what.
Never give up your friends.
Never give up!
Never give up.
Never give up. Never surrender.
Never give water to a donkey, if he is not thirsty.
Never go across the street without looking for cars first.
Never go anywhere alone.
Never go anywhere with a stranger you aren't comfortable with.
Never go backwards, always move forward.
Never go home the same way as you went out.
Never go into the forest alone.
Never go shopping when you're hungry!
Never go somewhere with a stranger you aren't comfortable with.
Never go there alone if you can avoid it.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Never had I seen such a mess.
Never had I seen such evil in a single heart!
Never had she danced so divinely.
Never had she felt so free.
Never had they felt so free.
Never had they felt so uncertain.
Never had they felt so unprepared.
Never had they felt so unsure.
Never had they felt such doubt.
Never had they felt such fear.
Never had they felt such uncertainty.
Never had they felt such urgency.
Never had they imagined it would end like this.
Never had they imagined such a scenario.
Never had they seen such chaos.
Never had they seen such determination.
Never had they seen such resilience.
Never had they seen such strength in adversity.
Never had we felt so uncertain.
Never had we seen such courage before.
Never halloo till you are out of the woods.
Never hang out near this high school again.
Never hang up on me again.
Never has a teacher called me that.
Never has anything been seen like that.
Never has he been to such a place.
Never has he returned since.
Never has the future felt so uncertain.
Never has youth been exposed to such dangers of both perversion and arrest as in our own land and day. Increasing urban life with its temptations, prematurities, sedentary occupations, and passive stimuli just when an active life is most needed, early emancipation and a lessening sense for both duty and discipline, the haste to know and do all befitting man's estate before its time, the mad rush for sudden wealth and the reckless fashions set by its gilded youth--all these lack some of the regulatives they still have in older lands with more conservative conditions.
Never have I been so happy.
Never have I been so hard pressed by an opponent.
Never have I dreamed of marrying you.
Never have I dreamed such a strange dream.
Never have I dreamt of marrying you.
Never have I dreamt such a strange dream.
Never have I felt better.
Never have I heard anyone say a thing like that.
Never have I heard him complaining about his meals.
Never have I heard so terrible a story.
Never have I heard such beautiful music.
Never have I read so terrifying a novel as this.
Never have I read such a dull book.
Never have I read such an interesting story.
Never have I seen a man run as Holmes ran that night.
Never have I seen a more beautiful sight than this.
Never have I seen beauty like this.
Never have I seen her before.
Never have I seen such a beautiful picture.
Never have I seen such a beautiful rainbow.
Never have I seen such a beautiful scene.
Never have I seen such a beautiful sight.
Never have I seen such a beautiful sunset.
Never have I seen such a big whale.
Never have I seen such a crowd of people.
Never have I seen such a cute puppy as this.
Never have I seen such a peaceful scene.
Never have I seen such a peaceful sight.
Never have I seen such a smart child.
Never have I seen such a thing.
Never have I seen such beauty.
Never have so many been manipulated so much by so few.
Never have they faced such danger.
Never have we seen, never will we see the Turtle family chasing rats.
Never having seen a mongoose, I do not know what they are like.
Never heard of a lockdown in a hotel.
Never heard of it.
Never heard of.
Never hesitate to accept the outstretched hand of another.
Never hesitate to have time off whenever you want.
Never hesitate to hold out your hand.
Never hesitate to tell the truth.
Never hit a man who can fight back.
Never hit other people.
Never hope to conceal any shameful thing which you have done; for even if you do conceal it from others, your own heart will know.
Never hurt her.
Never hurt someone's feelings.
Never identify opinions with facts.
Never impose on others what you would not choose for yourself.
Never in a lifetime!
Never in a million years.
Never in all my life have I seen such a dreary graveyard.
Never in his life had he encountered such a dilemma.
Never in his life had he seen such an impressive building.
Never in my life did I expect that such a fight would break out between mother and father.
Never in my life do I want to see Tom again.
Never in my life have I been this happy to see someone.
Never in my life have I heard or seen such a thing.
Never in my life have I heard such a terrible story!
Never in my life have I heard such a thing.
Never in my life have I seen such a downpour.
Never in my life have I seen such a peaceful sight.
Never in my life have I seen such a terrible accident.
Never in my life have I thought of leaving the town.
Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think that something like this would happen.
Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think you'd go out with me.
Never in the delirious dream of a disordered brain could anything more savage, more appalling, more hellish be conceived than that dark form and savage face which broke upon us out of the wall of fog.
Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.
Never insert anything other than a DVD into the player.
Never insult a racist.
Never interrupt Tom when he is speaking.
Never interrupt Tom while he is speaking.
Never interrupt a woman.
Never judge a book by its cover.
Never judge an army by its parade uniforms.
Never judge by appearance.
Never judge from appearances.
Never judge someone based on the way they look.
Never jump to conclusions.
Never keep a lady waiting.
Never keep food in your tent.
Never keep people waiting too long.
Never knew before what eternity was made for. It is to give some of us a chance to learn German.
Never knowing when you'll be living your last hours on Earth makes life all the more mysterious.
Never knowing when you'll be living your last years on Earth makes life so much more enjoyable.
Never knowing when your last hour is coming is what makes life so unpredictable.
Never learn individual words! Learn words in context.
Never leave Mary by herself.
Never leave anything flammable near the stove, it's dangerous.
Never leave me again.
Never leave the baby alone on a high surface.
Never leave the guinea pig unattended outside its cage.
Never leave the key in the ignition.
Never leave the laptop unattended in public places.
Never leave the microwave unattended while it's running.
Never leave the parrot outside in extreme weather conditions.
Never leave the toilet unflushed, it's not hygienic.
Never leave your drink unattended.
Never leave your puppy unattended near open doors or windows.
Never leave.
Never let Tom in when you are at home alone.
Never let Tom see you do that.
Never let a crisis go to waste.
Never let a drunk into your bathroom. He'll piss on everything.
Never let a good crisis go to waste.
Never let anyone hypnotise you.
Never let anyone hypnotize you.
Never let anyone know your password.
Never let me catch you at such a trick again.
Never let me go.
Never let me see that look of hate on your face again.
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
Never let the sun go down on your anger.
Never let them see you bleed.
Never let those rumors get to you.
Never let your fears get in the way of your dreams.
Never let your guard down around Tom.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
Never let yourself be saddened by a separation.
Never lie if the truth is more expedient.
Never lie if the truth leads to success sooner.
Never lie to me again!
Never lie to us again.
Never lie!
Never lie.
Never live in the past but always learn from it.
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
Never look back, everything is unchanged there.
Never look back, everything is without changes there.
Never look back.
Never look directly at the Sun, even for a second! It will damage your eyesight forever!
Never look down on a man merely because he is poor.
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting.
Never lose confidence.
Never lose faith in yourself. You can do everything you want to do.
Never lose hope!
Never lose hope.
Never lose hope. Everything will be fine.
Never lose sight of the importance of a beautiful sunrise, or watching your kids sleep, or the smell of rain. It's often the small things that really matter in life.
Never lose sight of the importance of a beautiful sunrise, or watching your kids sleep, or the smell of rain. It’s often the small things that really matter in life.
Never lose your fighting fists.
Never lose your hope, because it always finds a way to you.
Never love unless you can bear with all the faults of man.
Never make a decision when you feel like taking a pee.
Never make a nuisance of yourself.
Never make anyone envious. Even close family.
Never make fools of people.
Never make fun of a child for crying.
Never make fun of someone who speaks a language poorly. It means they know another language.
Never make predictions, especially about the future.
Never make that mistake again.
Never make the mistake of arguing with people for whose opinions you have no respect.
Never marry a woman like Layla.
Never meet your heroes.
Never mess with Fadil.
Never mess with Ziri even when his hands are all tied. He's an ex-Spetsnaz.
Never mess with a guy like Sami. He's completely unpredictable.
Never mess with an Algerian unless you're insane and don't know what you're doing.
Never mess with an Algerian.
Never mess with the Algerian army.
Never mind Tom.
Never mind all that.
Never mind that now!
Never mind that right now.
Never mind that, just take out what you've just nicked from your bag.
Never mind that, just take out what you’ve just nicked from your bag.
Never mind that.
Never mind that. After all up till now he’s stuffed himself on huge profit selling high brand-name goods of no real worth. From now on he can just try his best at honest trade.
Never mind that. After all, up till now he's been stuffing himself on huge profits, selling brand-name goods of no real worth at high prices. From now on, he can just try his best at honest trade.
Never mind that. More importantly, if we don't go soon the time-limited sales will finish.
Never mind that. More importantly, if we don’t go soon the time-limited sales will finish.
Never mind the bottle, as long as we get drunk.
Never mind then.
Never mind what I just said.
Never mind what happened.
Never mind what he said.
Never mind what he says. You can't believe everybody.
Never mind what she said.
Never mind what she says.
Never mind!
Never mind, I can do it by myself.
Never mind, come on!
Never mind, it's a hopeless case.
Never mind, she will be fine.
Never mind, we'll find something to eat. We won't go hungry.
Never mind.
Never mind. Anyone can make mistakes.
Never mind. It happens to everyone.
Never miss a chance of ingratiating yourself with the Jury, even at the expense of the Judge.
Never miss a good chance to shut up.
Never miss a train.
Never miss any video we make.
Never mistake knowledge for wisdom. One helps you make a living; the other helps you make a life.
Never mix business with pleasure.
Never mock me again.
Never offer to teach fish to swim.
Never once did they doubt their decision.
Never once did they doubt themselves.
Never once did they look back with regret.
Never once did they look back.
Never open the door for him.
Never open the door of a car that is in motion.
Never open the door of a car that's in motion.
Never open the door of a car when it's moving.
Never open your door to a stranger.
Never overload the mule.
Never pass up a chance to have sex or appear on television.
Never phone me again!
Never pick up a hitchhiker.
Never piss Fadil off.
Never play along.
Never play chess with a pigeon.
Never play here.
Never play on the road.
Never play with poop.
Never plug your finger into the socket.
Never point your finger at me.
Never praise a ford till you get over.
Never preach to a raging bull.
Never press this button.
Never promise what you can't deliver.
Never put all your eggs in one basket.
Never put anything off.
Never put off anything till tomorrow that could be done today.
Never put off for tomorrow the things you know very well you won't do tomorrow.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Never put off to tomorrow what you can do today.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can put off until next week.
Never put too much strain in getting someone else to listen to your words when they don't feel like it.
Never put your money against Cassius Clay, for you will never have a lucky day.
Never raise your hand against your father.
Never read any book that is not a year old.
Never read internet comments.
Never read the comments section.
Never rely too much upon others.
Never remake a move because a move never returns.
Never respond to a racist with insults.
Never ride a bike without your hands on the handlebars.
Never ridicule a child for crying.
Never ring me again!
Never rub the eyes when the hands are dirty.
Never rub your eyes after cutting a hot pepper.
Never rub your eyes when your hands are dirty.
Never rub your eyes with dirty hands.
Never run from a mountain lion or it will give chase. Stand tall and make yourself look as big as possible while slowly backing away from the animal. If it attacks, fight back with anything that can be turned into a weapon, even your bare hands.
Never rush, or you risk doing things wrong.
Never say "That's a good question" because that means all other questions were dumb.
Never say die.
Never say never, because anything can happen.
Never say never.
Never say such a thing again!
Never say that again.
Never say that to Tom again.
Never say that word in my presence.
Never say that.
Never say the word "bomb" on an airplane.
Never say you're walking on your final road.
Never say your path is coming to an end.
Never say your road is ending.
Never say: "Fountain, I won't drink your water anymore".
Never seem more learned than the people you are with. Wear your learning like a pocket watch and keep it hidden. Do not pull it out to count the hours, but give the time when you are asked.
Never settle.
Never shall I forget the sight.
Never shall we repeat the same mistake.
Never shall you reach Methymna with these spoils.
Never shift gears when you're crossing railroad tracks, as it could cause your car to stall straddling the tracks.
Never shout at Tom.
Never speak French in an American election !
Never speak ill of others behind their backs.
Never speak ill of others.
Never speak ill of yourself; your friends will always speak enough.
Never speak to me again!
Never speak to me again.
Never speak unless you are spoken to.
Never spend in excess of your income.
Never spend your money before you have earned it.
Never spend your money before you have it.
Never squeeze out a splinter. It could break into smaller pieces.
Never start a conversation with someone you've never met before.
Never start by thanking your audience for coming but rather focus on building an emotional connection.
Never stay at a sketchy hotel.
Never stay away from school without good cause.
Never stop dreaming!
Never stop following your passions.
Never stop learning, because life never stop teaching.
Never stop learning.
Never surrender yourself to despair.
Never swap horses while crossing a stream.
Never swim alone, even if you're a good swimmer.
Never swim alone.
Never swim near a boat dock or fishing pier.
Never swim while under the influence of alcohol.
Never take a blind man's arm. Let him take yours.
Never take a blind man’s arm. Let him take yours.
Never take a bribe!
Never take advantage of another's misfortune.
Never take advantage of another’s misfortune.
Never take advantage of someone's patience, because sooner or later he'll grow tired.
Never take candy from a stranger.
Never take gifts from customers.
Never take my presence for granted.
Never take the first step. Wait while your enemy makes a mistake.
Never take things personally at work.
Never talk badly about freeware.
Never talk to me again!
Never talk to me again.
Never talk to strangers.
Never talk with Tom about politics.
Never teach a child anything of which you are not yourself sure.
Never tell Tom about your privacy.
Never tell a lie again.
Never tell a lie!
Never tell a lie, either for fun or from fear.
Never tell a lie.
Never tell anyone.
Never tell him 'I can't answer'.
Never tell him 'I don't know the answer'.
Never tell him that!
Never tell lies.
Never tell me a lie again.
Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.
Never tell the truth when a good lie will do.
Never tell the truth when a lie will do.
Never test the depth of water with both feet.
Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime.
Never think you can fool me. Your ability to lie is of such a nature that I need to pretend that I believe in what you're saying.
Never think you know it all.
Never throw away your notes - they may come in handy one day.
Never too much of anything.
Never touch poop.
Never touch the DVD player with wet hands.
Never touch the stove while it's still hot.
Never touch this flask!
Never touch, handle or ride marine wildlife.
Never travelling leads to an insular worldview.
Never treat anyone like royalty, especially not royalty.
Never trouble another for what you can do yourself.
Never trouble till trouble troubles you.
Never trust Sami.
Never trust Tom.
Never trust a cat.
Never trust a fart.
Never trust a liar, even if he tells the truth.
Never trust a liar, even if they tell the truth.
Never trust a limping dog or the tears of a woman.
Never trust a naked woman!
Never trust a naked woman.
Never trust a policeman with fecal matter on his badge.
Never trust a politician.
Never trust a stranger.
Never trust a woman with a pistol in hand.
Never trust anybody.
Never trust the mass media.
Never trust your enemy.
Never try to be someone else, there is no better than you.
Never try to capture a rat by hand.
Never try to catch a rat by hand.
Never try to die.
Never try to repair the microwave yourself; let an adult handle it.
Never try too hard to get someone else to show interest in what you have to say to them, especially if they don't feel like listening to your words.
Never turn down expensive gifts. Love comes and goes, but the pawnshop is always open.
Never turn your back on Tom.
Never turn your back on her.
Never turn your back on him.
Never turn your back on them.
Never underestimate Tom.
Never underestimate a man's determination to be free.
Never underestimate a woman's intuition.
Never underestimate the power of Sami.
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
Never underestimate the power of inertia.
Never underestimate the power of the river, stay away.
Never underestimate your audience.
Never until now had she ventured so far.
Never use X; get molly instead.
Never use a cannon to kill a fly.
Never use bleach to wash your towels.
Never use the availability of translation software as an excuse for a translation of a language that you haven't mastered yet!
Never use violence.
Never volunteer for anything.
Never wake a sleepwalker.
Never walk away on me.
Never was she so frightened.
Never wave me away again.
Never wear makeup.
Never were finer women or more accomplished men seen in any Court, and Nature seemed to have taken pleasure in lavishing her greatest graces on the greatest persons.
Never will I be able to forget this horrible episode from my childhood.
Never will I see her again.
Never will I tell you her secret!
Never wish anyone harm!
Never work on electrical wiring without unplugging it; it's a bad idea. I know from experience.
Never work on electrical wiring without unplugging it; it’s a bad idea. I know from experience.
Never worry.
Never would I have imagined it.
Never would an oaf, whatever he may do, be considered a gentleman.
Never wrestle with pigs. You both get dirty and the pig likes it.
Never write the words "bortsch" and "shchi" in German!
Never!
Never, ever tell that to others.
Never, never look down on any person.
Never, never, never give up.
Never.
Nevermind!
Nevermind, I figured it out by myself.
Nevermind, I'll do it tomorrow.
Nevermind, perhaps one day there is a possibility that he will seek my help.
Nevermind.
Nevermore!
Nevertheless I think the experiment was successful.
Nevertheless the use of aluminum will remain limited, even in case the cost of manufacturing it could be materially reduced, until some method shall have been discovered by which aluminum may be soldered.
Nevertheless they say a prince is above the law.
Nevertheless, I believe that these claims are insufficiently justified.
Nevertheless, I believe that these claims are not justified.
Nevertheless, I shan't give up.
Nevertheless, I think such a kind of society needs this sort of business to set the economy in motion.
Nevertheless, I think we can still fix the situation.
Nevertheless, I want to go there.
Nevertheless, I want to see her.
Nevertheless, I won't give up.
Nevertheless, I'm extremely proud.
Nevertheless, I'm immensely proud.
Nevertheless, Tom decided to risk it.
Nevertheless, conditions are improving in Algeria.
Nevertheless, devout conversation on spiritual things helps no little with spiritual progress.
Nevertheless, from interviews with 178 detainees who had been released, he said monitors have documented more than 900 cases of arbitrary detention, many of them tantamount to enforced disappearances.
Nevertheless, he found time for a short meeting.
Nevertheless, it had some limitations.
Nevertheless, many are choosing early retirement.
Nevertheless, she eventually fell asleep.
Nevertheless, she took off her coat and seemed ready for a short conversation.
Nevertheless, the topic is worth discussing.
Nevertheless, timber, with lath and plaster, and thatch for the roofs, constituted the chief materials in the dwellings of the English from an early period till near the close of the fourteenth century and beginning of the fifteenth, when bricks began to be used in the better sort of houses.
Nevertheless, today I perceived the truth.
Nevertheless, while so many of her patriot sons were engaged in the deadly strife of Southern battle-fields, and the result of the struggle was in the uncertain future, a sombre cloud could not fail to brood over our daily life, interfering with the full enjoyment of the blessings we retained.
Nevertheless, while their doings were not recognized officially by the government, the perpetrators were neither punished nor reprimanded for their excursions against Spanish commerce at home or in the West Indies; rather were they commended, and it was considered not altogether a discreditable thing for men to get rich upon the spoils taken from Spanish galleons in times of nominal peace.
New Age ideas are a refreshing alternative to the staid orthodoxy of traditional Christianity.
New Berber words appear every single day and the language is rapidly evolving.
New Caledonia's economy is supported by about $1.5 billion in French subsidies each year and many have said they fear the economy will collapse without those payments.
New Delhi is India's capital.
New Delhi is the capital of India.
New England is full of small historic towns.
New GATT resolutions could create a real shake-up.
New Hampshire has some beautiful hiking.
New Hampshire is next to Vermont.
New Hampshire — in the northeast area called New England — is the "Granite State" because of that colorful rock.
New Horizons has taken pictures of Pluto.
New Horizons was launched in 2005.
New Jersey, Louisiana, and Texas are full of oil refineries.
New Metro stations — ‘Hrušaŭka’, ‘Michalova’ and ‘Piatroŭščyna’ — will be opened on October Revolution Day.
New Orleans is famous for its beignets!
New Orleans' economy relies heavily on tourism.
New Orleans' world-famous Mardi Gras celebration attracts more than one million visitors each year.
New Russians, you say? Wonderful! That's just what we need!
New Russians, you say? Wonderful! That’s just what we need!
New South Wales Environment Minister Matt Kean has warned that the world is on track to have more plastic in the ocean than fish by 2050.
New Year is the time for a lot of eating and drinking.
New Year shrine visit; which shrines are potent?
New Year! New Career!
New Year's Day is a public holiday in many countries.
New Year's Day is celebrated in different ways around the world.
New Year's Day is close at hand.
New Year's Day is the key to the year.
New Year's Eve is followed by New Year's Day.
New Year's Eve is on December 31.
New Year's Eve isn't the night before Christmas.
New Year's Eve precedes the New Year.
New Year's arriving.
New Year's cards provide us with the opportunity to hear from friends and relatives.
New Year's resolutions made in January are often broken by February.
New Year’s Day is close at hand.
New Year’s Day is the key to the year.
New Year’s cards provide us with the opportunity to hear from friends and relatives.
New York City Mayor John Lindsay closed the city’s iconic Fifth Avenue to traffic.
New York City closed the city’s iconic Fifth Avenue to traffic for Earth day.
New York City closed the city’s iconic Fifth Avenue to traffic.
New York City has five boroughs.
New York City has kicked off a year-long celebration to mark the 150th anniversary of Central Park, which was created from barren swampland in the heart of the city. It is considered the ultimate everyman's playground. The city will honor the park's sesquicentennial with a host of concerts, fireworks and special events.
New York City has long been unusual because of its sheer size.
New York City is America's principal emporium.
New York City is a microcosm of the world.
New York City is known as the city that never sleeps.
New York City is known for its tall buildings, financial markets and centers for the arts, but America’s most populated city is becoming known for something you might not expect -- farms.
New York City is known for its tall buildings.
New York City policemen wear dark blue uniforms.
New York City policemen wear navy blue uniforms.
New York City's premiere Latino art museum, El Museo del Barrio, is now host to a world-touring exhibition of 20th Century Mexican Art.
New York City's subway system opened in 1904.
New York City’s government announced last month that it is providing $500,000 to create two urban farms.
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio announced Tuesday people engaged in indoor activities including fitness clubs, bars and restaurants will be required to be vaccinated, beginning later this month, the first major city in the United States to make such a requirement.
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg has campaigned relentlessly against obesity, outlawing transfats in restaurants and forcing chain restaurants to add calorie counts to menus. His latest proposal would ban sugary drinks over 450 grams in the city’s restaurants, movie theaters and other places where large drinks are sold. Some nutritionists say it’s a move in the right direction, but critics say the mayor is going too far.
New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo is ordering non-essential businesses to move workers completely to telework by late Sunday.
New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo warned Thursday that misinformation and fear related to the coronavirus are in many ways “more dangerous than the virus.”
New York State is almost as large as Greece.
New York Times op ed writers constantly demonize trans people, leading to real-world violence, then cry crocodile tears about writers being "demonized" when they're called out for it.
New York University remains the top destination school for international students among all U.S. colleges and universities.
New York apartments are expensive.
New York bristles with towering buildings.
New York has taken a series of steps to try to reduce the spread of the potentially deadly respiratory virus.
New York is 2 hours ahead of Seattle.
New York is a big city.
New York is a city notoriously short on space, but also one whose residents are big on innovation.
New York is a city.
New York is a huge city.
New York is a multi-racial city.
New York is accessible by train from Washington.
New York is also looking at "splitting" ventilators — refitting one machine with two sets of tubes in order to assist two people simultaneously.
New York is among the largest cities in the world.
New York is both a city and a state.
New York is by the Atlantic Ocean.
New York is called the Big Apple.
New York is embracing a new, environmentally-friendly, though not quite revolutionary way to eradicate weeds in the city’s Riverside Park. The Big Apple is welcoming two dozen goats that will spend the summer in the park, eating away invasive plants and poison ivy.
New York is in the United States.
New York is on the Hudson River.
New York is one of the cities that I previously thought that I wanted to visit.
New York is one of the largest cities in the world.
New York is proud of its museums.
New York is so big, even its subdivisions have subdivisions!
New York is sometimes referred to as the melting pot of races.
New York is the biggest city in the world.
New York is the busiest city in the world.
New York is the center of America's stock exchange.
New York is the center of the stock exchange in America.
New York is the city you visit the most.
New York is the world's biggest city.
New York is worth visiting.
New York should become a Canadian province.
New York state on Tuesday created a “containment zone” around the town of New Rochelle, the epicenter of the outbreak in the state.
New York streets are very wide.
New York was a cultural shock for Layla.
New York weather is hot and humid in the summer.
New York's Empire State Building is now running entirely on wind power.
New York's Fifth Avenue is comparable to Ginza.
New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art is also known as "The Met."
New York's museums are the pride of the city.
New York, like 34 other states, has a so-called “net metering” law, which permits Raacke, whose home is still wired to the local power grid, to sell back to the utility company any excess electricity he produces.
New York, where my father is staying on business, is a much more dangerous city than Tokyo.
New Yorkers appear to have accepted the scream of sirens on the ground and the thump of helicopters overhead as part of daily life.
New Yorkers are known for their resilience.
New Yorkers swear there are no good bagels outside the city.
New Yorkers woke up to a wet and gray Tuesday, as they continued to grapple with their new reality.
New Yorkers woke up to a wet and gray Tuesday.
New York’s Fifth Avenue is comparable to Ginza.
New York’s governor warned Monday that the state’s health care system could be overwhelmed in the coming weeks as cases of the coronavirus rise.
New York’s mayor called on U.S. President Donald Trump to deploy military personnel to his city.
New Zealand has already embraced an international trend of putting teddy bears in the window for children to spot as they go for walks.
New Zealand is a country of sheep and cows.
New Zealand is a grouping of islands in the South Pacific Ocean, southeast of Australia. It has a population of 4.5 million people.
New Zealand is called "Aotearoa" in Maori.
New Zealand is home to many unique plants and animals.
New Zealand is in Oceania.
New Zealand is known as "The Shaky Isles" because of its location on the margin of two colliding tectonic plates.
New Zealand is located in Oceania.
New Zealand is more or less opposite Europe on the globe.
New Zealand is pretty incredible.
New Zealand students have developed sustainable materials made from cabbage tree leaves and flax that could soon be used to make high-performance skis, kayaks and skateboards.
New Zealand was isolated for 80 million years.
New Zealand's coastline, which stretches for about 15,000 kilometers, is also under increasing pressure from development and shipping.
New Zealand's full participation in a number of defense alliances lapsed by the 1980s.
New Zealand's support amounts to 80% of Tokelau's recurrent government budget.
New Zealand’s Prime Minister has announced the Tooth Fairy and the Easter Bunny are “essential workers,” allowing them to do their jobs despite national lockdown rules.
New affordable housing developments are springing up all over Texas.
New analysis of data collected by the U.S. space agency’s Cassini spacecraft may have solved what has been a mystery to scientists for years: What keeps the upper layers of Saturn so warm?
New animal illnesses generally originate in invasive species. Zebra mussels that have spread throughout the U.S. Great Lake introduced a type of botulism that has killed some 100,000 birds in the last decade. A fungus spread by the trade in amphibians has led to the extinction of about 120 species of frogs around the world.
New bitcoins are created by “mining,” in which a global network of computers competes to solve complex algorithms in reward for fractions of Bitcoins.
New blankets were distributed to the poor.
New books are readily available from bookstores and online.
New buildings are being built everywhere in Algiers.
New buildings are being built here, there and everywhere.
New buildings are being built in Algiers.
New buildings are constantly being erected here in Algiers.
New buildings are constantly being erected in Algiers today.
New cars don't have spare wheels.
New challenges are appearing in Algeria.
New chances were laid out before me.
New changes have come up recently.
New construction projects are transforming Algiers.
New contributors are always welcome.
New country, new life.
New crevasses are being formed, and those already in existence alter from day to day, so that great skill is required on the part of the guides to select a feasible route.
New criticism creates new methods.
New data from 52 countries in hot climates reveals that over 1.1 billion people face "significant risks" — including death — from lack of access to cooling.
New data shows the Ebola outbreak intensifying in Sierra Leone, even as it stabilizes or drops off in other West African countries.
New devices such as night-vision scopes help the movie industry locate people who tape movies in theaters.
New documents are available.
New dreams you made me dream. My soul sings the taste of living.
New dressing rooms were built and floodlights installed.
New enterprises are being created across Algeria.
New episodes come out on Mondays.
New experiences and new friends are going to enrich your life.
New faces have more authority than accustomed ones.
New facilities opened recently in the local area.
New factories and industrial centers were built.
New factories were built.
New facts about ancient China have recently come to light.
New facts have been brought to light.
New ferries for Canada are being built in Poland and Germany after the European contractors undercut the bids offered by three Canadian shipyards.
New figures from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development show that social welfare programs shielded some of the poorest Europeans from the harshest effects of the global financial crisis — programs that are now being cut as countries adopt austerity measures.
New file has been modified.
New findings by archeologists excavating a prehistoric site in Jordan may shed new light on the way early humans transitioned from hunter-gatherers to farmers.
New footprints appeared.
New forms of energy must be developed before oil dries up.
New guests must register in the hotel book.
New hires are subject to careful monitoring in our firm.
New hires who just joined the company do everything in this timid manner.
New homes are built with energy efficient windows.
New hotels are being built in Kabylie, Algeria.
New housing is being built.
New housing is built on the outskirts of the city.
New indirect taxes were imposed on spirits.
New is better than old.
New laws are being introduced to tackle alcohol-fuelled violence on the streets.
New laws are needed.
New levels were added to the game.
New look, same great taste!
New lovers are wretched company.
New loves make us forget the old.
New meetings with people don't happen randomly, they always serve a certain purpose.
New members don't always get things right.
New models of Japanese cars usually come out in the spring.
New neighbors moved into the house next to Ziri's.
New office buildings seem to be sprouting up all over the city.
New opportunities appeared on the horizon.
New opportunities are opening up to you.
New patients are asked to arrive at hospital ten minutes before the time of their appointment to fill in a clinical questionnaire.
New people, new laws.
New plants grow in the garden in spring.
New policies have been implemented to reduce air pollution.
New political obstacles have emerged.
New presidents begin their term with a speech that sets the tone for the next four years.
New problems are often brought up on that TV programme.
New programmes will appear in the fall on television.
New prospects emerged in front of me.
New questions will be asked and new debates will unfold.
New research concludes buffering people from financial shocks may help keep them from resorting to risky behaviors that spread the virus.
New research from Michigan State University indicates that some life events do have the potential to change us and make us happier—or unhappier—permanently.
New research shows that just a single glass of wine per week significantly increases the risk of miscarriage.
New research shows that light and a bacterium from the bottom of the ocean may provide success in treating men with early-stage prostate cancer.
New research suggests that removing blood clots from the brain following strokes dramatically improves a patient's recovery.
New research suggests that speaking more than one language may delay the onset of different types of dementia.
New roads were constructed one after another.
New sentencing laws will see that the most serious offenders spend longer in custody to reflect better the severity of their crimes.
New settlers are being sent to colonize the West Bank.
New soldiers would soon take the place of those lost in battle.
New stamps will be issued next month.
New studies by the Global Virome Project, a worldwide effort to increase preparedness for pandemics, indicate the world can expect about five new animal-borne pathogens to infect humans each year, creating a sense of urgency to curb the wild animal trade.
New technologies are being developed that will be able to control how genes express themselves.
New technology in the next decade is expected to lead to new human-machine partnerships that will make the most of each partner's respective strengths.
New technology often revolutionizes the way we think and do things.
New things are not strictly good things.
New things please men best, 'tis true, and the old are cast aside. Natheless, what is old and tried serves far better than the new.
New truth and knowledge always elevate human life and most usually find practical application.
New turnstiles have been installed in the subway.
New videos are added weekly.
New volunteers arrived to help out.
New words are created each year.
New words are invented daily.
New words occur every day.
New year, new life.
Newborn giraffes are totally dependent on their mothers.
Newborns are prone to jaundice.
Newborns receive vital nutrients from colostrum.
Newcomers are the most ambitious.
Newcomers are warned not to ask Tom whether he really likes stoats that much, since his customary reply to that question is to shout 'OH YES!' at the top of his lungs.
Newly declassified internal CIA documents show that some agency officials were convinced its detention and interrogation program provided "unique and invaluable intelligence," while others expressed deep reservations and cautioned against leaving a trail of documents questioning its legality.
Newly developed, IT-based, minimally invasive surgery techniques are currently gaining momentum, thereby revolutionizing healthcare in its entirety.
Newly printed books smell good.
Newly weds but with a child? Yes, that’s right - the son is from the father’s former marriage. He’s been divorced once.
Newlyweds but with a child? Yes, that's right - the son is from the father's former marriage. He's been divorced once.
News about Robert dating Martha spread like wildfire.
News can also serve as a way to connect us as human beings. This could include stories about tragedies or uplifting events that affect us emotionally. Such stories can lead people to join a cause or donate money to help those in need.
News can be accessed on your computer.
News is coming in of a train crash in India.
News literacy is the ability to use critical thinking skills to judge news reports.
News literacy is the ability to use critical thinking skills to judge news reports. Are they credible? Can you rely on the reports to be true?
News nowadays spreads quickly.
News of Sami's death rattled the city.
News of Sami's death stunned the small community.
News of her death caused great concern throughout the country.
News of her death had spread.
News of her pregnancy took her by surprise.
News of her son's death in battle drove her mad.
News of her son’s death in battle drove her mad.
News of his death wasn't published for several weeks.
News of his death wasn’t published for several weeks.
News of the British attack spread quickly.
News of the company's expansion plans was greeted with scepticism by the local community.
News of the crash spread all over the country.
News of the disease, of course, was not spread beyond the research teams, as the public seems to fear a plague worse than damnation itself.
News of the mayor's resignation travelled fast.
News of the missing climbers came the same day a Bulgarian alpinist, Atanas Skatov, was confirmed to have died on K2.
News of the recent blast is all over the radio.
News of the scandal caused the politician to lose face.
News organizations should be clearly identified and journalists’ contact information, easily obtainable.
News really does travel fast.
News stations use helicopters to report on traffic.
News stories across the country have been full of business owners and executives bemoaning their inability to fill open positions in recent weeks.
News stories should include the source of the information. If there’s no source or attribution, be suspicious.
News that Nicola Zingaretti, the first leading Italian politician confirmed to have contracted COVID-19, came amid mounting fears that the government's containment policies, the most far-reaching in Europe, were not working to halt the spread of the virus from northern Italy.
News that Tom had taken a job with another firm cast a pall over the departmental lunch.
News usually traveled by ship, and sailors brought the report of the discovery of gold to Honolulu, to Oregon City, and to the ports at Victoria and Vancouver.
Newscasters blink a lot.
Newscasters blink once every second.
Newsflash: People a couple of hundred years ago didn't speak the same as we do.
Newsflash: People a couple of hundred years ago didn’t speak the same as we do.
Newsom signed the bill on the HBO TV show hosted by Los Angeles Lakers basketball star LeBron James, who had supported the bill.
Newspaper advertising works well for us because we get the best bang for the buck.
Newspaper reporters were not permitted inside.
Newspaper stands are scattered here and there throughout the city.
Newspaper will soak up the pee.
Newspapers and television stations around the world told the story of Koko and her kitten.
Newspapers are sold at a newsagent's.
Newspapers are sold in the kiosk.
Newspapers carry weather reports.
Newspapers did not report that news.
Newspapers did not report the news.
Newspapers distribute information to the public.
Newspapers go in the paper-recycling bin, not in the normal bin.
Newspapers go in the paper-recycling bin, not in with the general rubbish.
Newspapers influence the current of time.
Newspapers lay scattered all over the floor.
Newspapers often "adapt" the truth.
Newspapers peddle disaster scenarios.
Newspapers printed the proclamation.
Newspapers were laid out in the waiting room.
Newspapers, magazines, and newscasts tell what is going on in the world.
Newspapers, television, and radio are called the mass media.
Newsreaders always start by saying 'good evening' before proceeding to explain for fifteen minutes why it's not a good evening.
Newsreaders blink a lot.
Newsweek had a big picture of the ex-movie star entering the police station.
Newton became Warden of the Royal Mint in 1696. He became Master of the Royal Mint in 1699.
Newton became interested in mathematics after buying a book at a fair and not understanding the math concepts it contained.
Newton developed mathematical laws that explained how objects move on Earth as well as in space.
Newton discovered that a force is required to change the speed or direction of movement of an object.
Newton established the law of gravity.
Newton explained the movement of orbiting planets as the result of motion along a straight line combined with the gravitational pull of the Sun. His laws are all based on the idea that nothing is naturally at rest. He reasoned that all heavenly bodies are constantly moving, with no limits on space and time.
Newton saw an apple fall off a tree.
Newton thought the world had been created in 4000 BC.
Newton was born in the same year that Galileo died.
Newton was instrumental in developing techniques to prevent counterfeiting of the English money.
Newton's First Law says: "Every object persists in its state of rest or uniform motion in a straight line unless it is compelled to change that state by forces impressed on it".
Newton's Second Law says: "Force is equal to the change in momentum per change in time. For a constant mass, force equals mass times acceleration".
Newton's Third Law says: "For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction".
Newton's law of gravity is a mathematical description of the way bodies are observed to attract one another, based on many scientific experiments and observations.
Newton's mother remarried and he was left in the care of his grandmother.
Newts and salamanders, unlike frogs and toads, keep their tails as adults.
Newts are amphibians.
Next February, I'll be going to Australia for one year to study.
Next Friday, I'm going on a date with a girl named Mary.
Next I removed all the intestines as far as the duodenum and dealt with them as with the rectum, and so I had the intestines clean and without fetor.
Next Monday and Tuesday are consecutive holidays.
Next Monday and Tuesday are holidays.
Next Monday is a holiday.
Next Monday is a national holiday.
Next Monday is our last class.
Next Monday will be fine.
Next Monday would be a good time for you to visit.
Next Monday would be a good time to do that.
Next Monday, I'll go to the zoo with Tom.
Next Monday, Tom will have been in the hospital for three months.
Next Monday, she'll have been in the hospital for a month.
Next Saturday I have to go to Paris.
Next Saturday, I will go to Paris.
Next Saturday, you will eat berkoukes.
Next Sunday I'll go to a zoo.
Next Sunday we are going to have a party for Mr Oka.
Next Sunday we’ll have a picnic.
Next Sunday, Easter is celebrated.
Next Sunday, there'll be a concert in the park.
Next Sunday, we will vote in a referendum on the accession of our region to Mars.
Next Sunday, we'll have an opportunity to once again reaffirm our historic commitment to democracy, freedom, and the rule of law.
Next Thursday I'm going to meet my future in-laws.
Next Thursday is a holiday.
Next Thursday is a public holiday.
Next Tuesday is a bank holiday.
Next Tuesday is my birthday, and I'm having a birthday party.
Next Wednesday will be fine.
Next Wednesday, I'll be abroad.
Next Wednesday, I'll be out of the country.
Next day I met an old friend.
Next door have been arguing again.
Next door to me lives an attractive girl.
Next month I will be very busy.
Next month I will be very occupied.
Next month I'm moving. I still have a lot of things to arrange.
Next month he will have been learning to play the violin for five years.
Next month he'll have been learning to play the violin for five years.
Next month is October, isn't it?
Next month is Tom's birthday.
Next month it will be a year that I have been dating her.
Next month it will be a year that Tom have been working here.
Next month it'll be a year that I've been dating her.
Next month it'll be five years since he began playing the violin.
Next month it'll be five years since he began to play the violin.
Next month it’ll be five years since he began playing the violin.
Next month this house is going to be torn down.
Next month will be October.
Next month, I am going to England.
Next month, I'll be very busy.
Next month, I'm going to move.
Next month, I'm going to visit my uncle in Boston.
Next month, Tom will be in Australia. The month after that, he'll be in New Zealand.
Next month, Tom will have been working here for a year.
Next month, a new branch will be opening in Chicago.
Next month, it will be a year since Tom left.
Next month, my little brother will turn 20.
Next month, the spacecraft Dart is set to ram an asteroid 11 million kilometers from Earth in an attempt to change its course. The mission is a test of technologies that could be used one day to save Earth from a hazardous asteroid.
Next month, we'll be opening a new branch in Chicago.
Next morning where the two had sat They found no trace of the dog or cat; And some folks think unto this day That burglars stole the pair away!
Next morning, he could see through the iron grating in front of his little window how the people were hurrying out of the town to see him hanged.
Next period I take an exam in German.
Next period is a French test.
Next period is a German test.
Next period is an examination in German.
Next person!
Next person, please.
Next question, please.
Next slide, please.
Next spring I want to go to Hawaii.
Next spring I want to graduate.
Next stop, Stockholm.
Next stop: Heroes' Square.
Next stop: main station. Please exit through the doors on the right.
Next stop: main station. Please leave through the doors on the right.
Next summer holidays will be in my village.
Next summer we're going to Boston.
Next summer, I want to go to Boston.
Next summer, I want to go to Hawaii.
Next term we will study plants and how they grow.
Next thing you know, you'll be in the papers.
Next thing you know, you’ll be in the papers.
Next time I come, I'll bring you some flowers.
Next time I come, I’ll bring you some flowers.
Next time I find you smoking in the toilet, I'll report it to the manager.
Next time I see this sentence, I will translate it.
Next time I see you, please give me your answer.
Next time I shall do like all the others.
Next time I switch jobs, I need work that will let me make use of the experience I've gained up to now.
Next time I switch jobs, I need work that will let me make use of the experience I’ve gained up to now.
Next time I visit San Francisco, I'd like to stay at that hotel.
Next time I visit San Francisco, I’d like to stay at that hotel.
Next time I visit, I will bring flowers.
Next time I will celebrate my sixteenth birthday.
Next time I will do it myself.
Next time I will send Tom there.
Next time I'll be more careful.
Next time I'll be more cautious.
Next time I'll be more circumspect.
Next time I'll come earlier.
Next time I'll do it myself.
Next time I'll have to do that by myself.
Next time I'll make more.
Next time I'm at the beach, I'm going to send a message in a bottle.
Next time I'm taking the train.
Next time I’ll come earlier.
Next time Tom asks you about something, don't answer him.
Next time ask Tom for permission.
Next time bring me that book without fail!
Next time don't give up so easily.
Next time it will be my turn to drive.
Next time it'll be my turn to drive.
Next time let's go to a karaoke bar.
Next time let's go to karaoke.
Next time lucky.
Next time phone ahead.
Next time the sun is out, I'll paint the walls.
Next time we'll agree on a meeting place.
Next time you come into my room, please knock on the door first.
Next time you come to see me, I will show you the book.
Next time you come, don't forget to give it back to me.
Next time you come, don’t forget to give it back to me.
Next time you decide to play like that send me a telegram.
Next time you decide to visit me, let me know before you show up at my door.
Next time you play me against your mom, I'm gonna whip your ass.
Next time you see her, give her my best wishes.
Next time you should go there.
Next time you visit, do your laundry first.
Next time you'll have to go.
Next time you'll pay for it!
Next time you’ll pay for it!
Next time, I suggest you don't leave home without it.
Next time, I want to be 'it'!
Next time, I will report Tom to the police.
Next time, I will wear boots!
Next time, I won't help you.
Next time, I'll be more cautious.
Next time, I'll bring a hammer.
Next time, I'll do it myself.
Next time, I'll do that myself.
Next time, I'll drive.
Next time, I'll invite you.
Next time, I'll read the fine print.
Next time, I'll send Tom there.
Next time, I'll show you how to do that.
Next time, I'll try harder.
Next time, I'll try to be a little more careful.
Next time, I'll try to be more careful.
Next time, I'm coming, too.
Next time, I’ll do it myself.
Next time, Tom will decide.
Next time, Ziri may not be so lucky.
Next time, Ziri will get it right.
Next time, add trigger warnings.
Next time, ask me before you use my car.
Next time, don't be an ass.
Next time, don't come so early.
Next time, don't drop it.
Next time, don't get married.
Next time, don't make me wait so long.
Next time, don't order more food than you're going to eat.
Next time, don't order so much food.
Next time, get your sister to come.
Next time, it's death that is waiting you.
Next time, it's your turn.
Next time, keep your mouth shut and let me do the talking.
Next time, let me know in advance.
Next time, let's eat at a Mexican restaurant.
Next time, let's go out for ramen.
Next time, let's see if Tom can help us.
Next time, lie to me. In this case, I'd rather not have known the truth.
Next time, make sure not to drink so much before bed.
Next time, pay attention.
Next time, please teach me how to study.
Next time, review more carefully.
Next time, say it to my face.
Next time, shut your eyes.
Next time, skip the intro.
Next time, speak to me more carefully.
Next time, study harder.
Next time, tell Tom in advance.
Next time, tell me in advance.
Next time, things will definitely be better.
Next time, though, we're all going to speak Esperanto.
Next time, use your loaf before you come out with such utter shite as that!
Next time, warn me first.
Next time, we might not be so lucky.
Next time, we need to more quickly figure out what's wrong.
Next time, we'll do this differently.
Next time, we'll let Tom decide.
Next time, you might not be so lucky.
Next time, you need to be a little more discreet.
Next time, you need to be more discreet.
Next time, you should buy a larger size.
Next time, you should wear something more appropriate.
Next time, you will shovel the snow!
Next time, you won't be so lucky.
Next time, you'll need to do a lot better than that.
Next time, you're buying.
Next time.
Next to China, Switzerland is an abandoned village.
Next to Franklin's portrait is a tan quill and bronze-color inkwell, with the Liberty Bell drawn inside.
Next to Taro, Jiro is the tallest boy.
Next to a child, a scooter exploded and caught fire while charging.
Next to each other.
Next to him, I'm the fastest runner in our class.
Next to him, I’m the fastest runner in our class.
Next to my house is a main street.
Next to smoke, don't make someone cry.
Next to the kiosk is a gentleman sitting on a bench, reading a newspaper.
Next to the oven it is warm.
Next to the truck, lay the body of a man.
Next to what the boss pulls in, your earnings are just laughably tiny.
Next to you I'm not afraid.
Next up is Tom.
Next week I have an appointment with the dentist.
Next week I have things to do except on Monday and Wednesday, I am free on all the other days though.
Next week I want to visit my friend.
Next week I will be traveling to Los Angeles.
Next week I will go to Vancouver and visit my younger sister.
Next week I will see my teacher.
Next week I will write an e-mail to my parents.
Next week I won't be as busy as I am this week.
Next week I'll be in Boston.
Next week I'll consent to be back to the dentist.
Next week I'll force myself to the dentist again.
Next week I'll have the late shift.
Next week I'll trouble myself to be back to the dentist.
Next week I'll write an e-mail to my parents.
Next week I'm going on a business trip, and Tom is supposed to go with me.
Next week I'm going to Tokyo on business.
Next week I'm going to Vancouver to visit my sister.
Next week I’m going to the Balaton.
Next week a family will move in.
Next week the electrician is coming to fix the wires.
Next week we start work on Wednesday.
Next week we will visit our elderly uncle.
Next week will be busy.
Next week's class has been canceled.
Next week's lecture is cancelled.
Next week, I don't have to go to work.
Next week, I will ask Mr Nemoto or Mr Sekiguchi to bring back the original copy.
Next week, I will probably read a book and watch TV.
Next week, I will sit a university entrance examination.
Next week, I won't be here.
Next week, I'll be busy.
Next week, I'll be in Australia.
Next week, I'll be out of office attending a meeting about dealing with difficult clients.
Next week, I'll visit London to explore the sights.
Next week, I'm going to Australia.
Next week, I'm going to Boston.
Next week, I'm going to New York.
Next week, I'm taking the plane to Chicago.
Next week, I’ll be out of office attending a meeting about dealing with difficult clients.
Next week, Tom and I are going to Australia.
Next week, Tom and I are going to Boston.
Next week, Tom is going to Australia on business.
Next week, Tom is going to Boston on business.
Next week, he is going to New York on business.
Next week, millions of people will be watching the TV program.
Next week, my nephews and nieces will come to spend a few days at home.
Next week, my nephews will come to spend a few days at home.
Next week, the electrician will come and fix the cable.
Next week, we can probably do it.
Next week, we'll buy a new car.
Next week, we'll go on vacation in an RV.
Next week, we're going to buy a new car.
Next week, we're going to start working on a new project.
Next week, we're heading to the mountain.
Next weekend will also be cold.
Next weekend will also be rainy.
Next weekend will be cold, too.
Next weekend, I'm going to see the action movie 'Divergent' without subtitles at the cinema.
Next year I want to learn French.
Next year I will be three times as old as you.
Next year I will have been studying English for five years.
Next year I will return to Macao.
Next year I'll be seventeen.
Next year I'll finish my studies.
Next year I'll go abroad.
Next year I'll go to London.
Next year I'll go to the sea.
Next year I'm going to America.
Next year I'm going to Hawaii.
Next year come sooner!
Next year he will be six years old.
Next year is a leap year.
Next year is an election year.
Next year is bound to be better.
Next year is sure to be better.
Next year is the devil's joke.
Next year is the devil’s joke.
Next year is the year of the rabbit.
Next year marks the 100th anniversary of the publication of Albert Einstein’s Theory of Relativity and E = mc². His simple-looking equation linked time and space as well as energy, mass and the speed of light.
Next year my birthday will fall on Sunday.
Next year my birthday will fall on a Sunday.
Next year she will be 17.
Next year the queen will visit China.
Next year the vines will produce many grapes.
Next year we have to clean the whole beach.
Next year we'll recur to this issue.
Next year will be better.
Next year will be exciting.
Next year will be tough.
Next year will be worse.
Next year's conference will be held in Australia.
Next year's conference will be held in Boston.
Next year, Ann and Jong will have been married for 30 years!
Next year, I will have been working with that firm for ten years.
Next year, I'll be going to Australia.
Next year, I'll return to Australia.
Next year, I'll return to Boston.
Next year, I'll want these ones.
Next year, I'm going back to our village.
Next year, Tom and I are going to Australia.
Next year, Tom and I are going to Boston.
Next year, Ziri and Rima will be traveling with their child.
Next year, a craft will explore the asteroid Psyche, which is heavy with nickel and iron.
Next year, hats will become fashionable.
Next year, my mother will be twice my age.
Next year, the conference will be held in Boston.
Next year, the wages do increase, but most of the increase will disappear due to inflation.
Next year, this gravel road will be paved.
Next year, we may be forced to lay off some of our workers.
Next year, we'll be starting college.
Next year, we’ll be starting college.
Next year, you'll come to see me in Scotland.
Next year.
Next year’s Academy Awards telecast may be postponed because of the disruption to theatrical releases caused by the coronavirus pandemic.
Next!
Next, Ackermann pointed out the differences between the unfolding of socialism in Germany in contrast to Russia.
Next, Biden should pardon all those convicted of simple possession of any drug.
Next, I would like to be able to sing better.
Next, I'd like to sing a song I wrote.
Next, Rhipeus dies, the justest, but in vain, / the noblest soul of all the Trojan train. / Heaven deemed him otherwise.
Next, let us think about whether we have the time to look after a dog.
Next, let's think about whether we have the time to look after a dog.
Next, please.
Next, the Ministry of Finance assembled experts and worked out a concrete proposal.
Next, the grapes must be prepared for fermentation. The grapes are closely examined and sorted. Diseased or overly ripe grapes are thrown away.
Next, the snake has scales over his eyes and cannot see very well with these lidless eyes.
Next, try to confirm the deviation with an oscilloscope.
Next, we walk over to the First Ladies Water Garden and see a memorial exhibit for Lady Bird Johnson. She was the wife of Lyndon Johnson, America's thirty-sixth president.
Next, we will talk to Ms. Pam Roland.
Neymar is Brazilian.
Neymar's birthday is on February 5th.
Ngerulmud is the capital of Palau.
Nginx is open source software.
Nguyen Hai Anh, Secretary General of the Vietnam Red Cross, said the back-to-back disasters in central Vietnam have affected the lives of more than 7 million people, including just over 1 million people directly impacted by Typhoon Molave.
Niacinamide adenine dinucleotide is found in all living cells.
Niagara Falls is more developed on the Canadian side than the American one.
Niall lives in Dublin.
Niamey is the capital of Niger.
Niamh gets annoyed when people misspell her name.
Nibble and gnaw like a mouse!
Nicaragua is called "the land of lakes and volcanos."
Nicaragua is the largest country in Central America.
Nicaraguan Native Americans call other Nicaraguans 'the Spanish.'
Nicaraguans emigrate primarily to Costa Rica and, to a lesser extent, the United States.
Nice Kool-Aid mustache, dude.
Nice ass!
Nice ass.
Nice attempt.
Nice car!
Nice clothing you got there!
Nice costume.
Nice day, isn't it?
Nice dress.
Nice flowers don't yield good fruits.
Nice flowers don’t yield good fruits.
Nice fursuit, Tom!
Nice going, Tom.
Nice guys finish last and jerks finish first.
Nice guys finish last.
Nice haircut!
Nice haircut.
Nice idea.
Nice is to the south.
Nice job!
Nice job, Tom.
Nice job, man!
Nice meme.
Nice move, Tom.
Nice moves!
Nice of the princess to invite us over to one of the hotel rooms, eh Luigi?
Nice of you to come early.
Nice of you to come.
Nice of you to drop by.
Nice of you to pop round to my humble abode.
Nice one!
Nice opinion, just one small issue. It's wrong.
Nice party my friend. I should have invited my cousins to come too.
Nice place you have here.
Nice place, huh?
Nice place.
Nice ride!
Nice seeing you!
Nice seeing you, too.
Nice shoes!
Nice shot!
Nice shot, man.
Nice sneakers.
Nice state of affairs, isn't it?
Nice suit.
Nice sweater.
Nice t-shirt!
Nice talking to you, Tom.
Nice talking to you.
Nice talking with you.
Nice tan.
Nice tattoo!
Nice that you achieved your goals.
Nice that you could come.
Nice tie.
Nice timing.
Nice to have you back.
Nice to know you.
Nice to meet all of you!
Nice to meet you today.
Nice to meet you too, Sarah.
Nice to meet you too.
Nice to meet you!
Nice to meet you, David.
Nice to meet you, Ellen.
Nice to meet you, Ken.
Nice to meet you, Mr. Zhang.
Nice to meet you, Mrs Jones.
Nice to meet you, Tom.
Nice to meet you, Ziri.
Nice to meet you, my name is Carlos.
Nice to meet you, too.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you. How are you doing?
Nice to see you again!
Nice to see you again, Tom.
Nice to see you again.
Nice to see you back.
Nice to see you!
Nice to see you, Tom.
Nice to see you.
Nice to talk to you.
Nice try, FBI.
Nice try, Officer.
Nice try, but no cigar.
Nice try, except for the "nice" part.
Nice try, sit down.
Nice try.
Nice weather added to our pleasure.
Nice weather we're having, isn't it?
Nice weather, isn't it?
Nice wheels.
Nice words. Did you come up with them yourself?
Nice work, Jim.
Nice work, guys!
Nice!
Nice.
Nice. Now I can relax instead of studying for that test.
Nice. That's really cool.
Nicely done, kid.
Nichelle Nichols has passed away.
Nicholas Biddle began to see that the battle was lost.
Nicholas II had it coming, but the kids should have been spared.
Nicholas II had it coming.
Nicholas II is considered a saint by Russian Orthodoxy, which is an absolute disgrace.
Nicholas II loved pogroms because they distracted the people from his many crimes while inflicting harm on a community that tended to oppose his rule.
Nicholas II was a demon, not a saint.
Nicholas II was responsible, through inaction if nothing else, for a wave of pogroms that killed countless Jews, none of whom are treated as saints or martyrs by the Russian Orthodox Church.
Nicholas II was the last Tsar of Russia.
Nicholas Johnson of Montreal, a financial engineering student, said he “appreciates the encouragement and support that Princeton has given” in developing his academic interests.
Nicholas and Maria love each other.
Nicholas cherishes the relationships he's created with his classmates most.
Nicholas loves to watch movies.
Nick Drake was an English musician.
Nick Nelson, a landscape architect for the Botanic Garden, worked on the exhibit's design for a year and a half.
Nick can speak Portuguese very well. That's because he's been studying it for 5 years.
Nick can speak Portuguese very well. That’s because he’s been studying it for 5 years.
Nick complained to me about the high prices in Tokyo.
Nick did not do this exercise.
Nick didn't pass the exam, did he?
Nick didn’t pass the exam, did he?
Nick doesn't need to come to my office.
Nick doesn’t need to come to my office.
Nick has a bottle of water in the cupboard.
Nick hurried to catch the bus.
Nick is a bit of a Luddite when it comes to new apps. He still hasn't downloaded TikTok.
Nick is by no means satisfied with the reward.
Nick looks down on anyone who comes from a rural area.
Nick owes me ten dollars.
Nickel chromeâ€¯!
Nickel is a hard metal with a silvery luster.
Nickel is a hard, bright silver metal.
Nickel is a hard, bright-silver metal.
Nickel is a hard, silver-white metal.
Nicki, you don't even like fish!
Nicking is probably the wrong word.
Nicola used a tea towel to dry the dishes.
Nicolas Flamel dreamed of turning lead into gold.
Nicolas dedicated a script to me today.
Nicolas means that romanization of the Cyrillic alphabet is as beautiful as the sun, which burns your eyes when you look at it.
Nicolaus Copernicus became interested in astronomy while he was a university student in Italy.
Nicolaus Copernicus is considered the founder of modern astronomy.
Nicolaus Copernicus studied canon law at the university of Bologna.
Nicolaus Copernicus was born in Poland in 1473.
Nicolaus Copernicus – German or Pole? This is a hotly debated question.
Nicolaus Copernicus – German or Pole? This question provokes heated debate.
Nicolaus was raised by his uncle.
Nicole Kidman is Australian.
Nicole can speak Japanese very well.
Nicole speaks Japanese well.
Nicole thought Dan had come over to apologize for what he'd said, but instead he doubled down on the more offensive comments.
Nicole was beside herself with grief when she heard the news.
Nicolette loved living in suburbia: not too far from the city, but not too close, either.
Nicosia is the capital of Cyprus.
Nicotine is a poison.
Nicotine most likely originated in South America.
Niels Bohr died the 18th of November 1962.
Niels Bohr was a Danish physicist.
Nietzsche believes philosophers should stop riding their high horse and focus more on people's differences in values, instead of abstract systems.
Nietzsche often selected aphorisms to express his thoughts.
Nietzsche said God was dead. Christians say God is bread. Religious leftists say God is red.
Nietzsche said that without music, life would be a mistake.
Nietzsche said, "Battle ye not with monsters, lest monsters ye become."
Nietzsche said: Man is something that shall be overcome.
Nietzsche said: The belief in truth begins with the doubt of all truths in which one has previously believed.
Nietzsche said: There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
Nietzsche said: Without music, life would be a mistake.
Nietzsche shouts from beyond good and evil.
Nietzsche spoke of "Ãœbermenschen," not "ÃœbermÃ¤nner," so your supermen and overmen can go sit on a fencepost.
Nietzsche spoke of "Übermenschen," not "Übermänner," so your supermen and overmen can go sit on a fencepost.
Nietzsche, belatedly discovered by a world beset by terrors too great for it and mysteries too profound, becomes almost respectable, nay, almost Episcopalian!
Niger is a former French colony.
Niger is a good country, I used to live there.
Niger is much smaller than Nigeria.
Niger is one of the most miserable countries on earth.
Niger is one of the poorest countries on the planet.
Niger is the largest country in Western Africa.
Niger is the least developed country in the world, according to the United Nations Development Programme.
Niger's economy is one of the poorest in the world.
Nigeria has a big Muslim population.
Nigeria has been producing traditional, handmade, beautiful fabric designs for centuries.
Nigeria has not had a case of wild polio since 2016.
Nigeria has warned against using the drug chloroquine to fight COVID-19 after three people were hospitalized after overdosing on it.
Nigeria is known for being a large country, and one of the richest in Africa.
Nigeria is the most populous country in Africa.
Nigeria is the world's largest producer of cassava.
Nigeria may be an Anglophone country, but festival organizer Serge Noukoue said it makes sense to hold the festival in the French capital.
Nigeria stumbled into conflict with sub-Saharan terrorist groups.
Nigeria will face off against Iceland tonight.
Nigerian singer Fireboy DML's smash track "Peru" was gaining traction across the globe when megastar Ed Sheeran offered to contribute a verse to the remix.
Niggard is she towards us, granting us little gain; still, we are proud to serve.
Night after night, for two years, in a secret alcove on a bridge connecting Delancey Street in lower Manhattan with Brooklyn, Rollins, then 29, practiced the fundamentals of his saxophone.
Night always follows day.
Night becomes day.
Night brings counsel.
Night came on, and what was worse, it began to rain.
Night came on.
Night came.
Night comes early in January.
Night coming on, people began to get home.
Night coming on, the boys went home.
Night coming on, we left for home.
Night coming on, we went home.
Night cramps in the calf muscles are particularly painful.
Night draws nigh.
Night falls.
Night fell.
Night fishing is illegal.
Night follows day.
Night gets darkest right before dawn.
Night guards drink a lot of coffee.
Night guards drink lots of coffee.
Night had already begun.
Night had completely fallen before we knew.
Night has come!
Night has come, yet I am not sleeping.
Night has come, yet he is not sleeping.
Night has come, yet they are not sleeping.
Night has fallen!
Night has fallen, I am not sleeping.
Night has fallen, he is not sleeping.
Night has fallen, they are not sleeping.
Night is approaching.
Night is as long as day today.
Night is coming!
Night is dark and cold.
Night is falling, filling the valley with shadows.
Night is for sleeping.
Night is when inspiration visits the poet.
Night is when most people go to bed.
Night is when most people sleep.
Night on the Galactic Railroad is a Japanese anime that promotes Esperanto.
Night slowly covered the city with its dark cape.
Night was already giving way to the first glimmers of day when Tom finally emerged from the forest.
Night was coming on and, to accent the loneliness, from somewhere in the dusky dimness a great foghorn groaned at intervals.
Night was drawing closer.
Night was falling.
Night was made to sleep.
Night watchmen drink a lot of coffee.
Night's coming.
Night, accomplice of diseases and nightmares.
Night, accomplice of evils and nightmares.
Nightclubs and music venues are closing left, right and centre.
Nightfall always brings me melancholy.
Nightfall was quickly approaching.
Nightime is the most enjoyable time to go star-gazing.
Nightingales will not sing in a cage.
Nightmares are a sign of health issues.
Nightmares are scary.
Nights are long.
Nights in springtime are short.
Nights out are becoming a thing of the past.
Nights out have become a thing of the past.
Nighttime is my favorite time of the day.
Nighttime is my favourite time of day.
Nighttime is my secret weapon for academic success.
Nighttime is the best time of day to go star-gazing.
Nighttime is the best time to go star-gazing.
Nighttime is the time of day when we can do some stargazing.
Nighttime sleep is often difficult for me.
Nighty night, time to hit the sack.
Nihonium is the chemical element with atomic number 113.
Niigata Prefecture's capital is Niigata City.
Nijmegen is close to the German border.
Nijmegen is the oldest city in the Netherlands.
Nike has just released a pair of self-lacing shoes.
Nikhil has been taken to the ICU.
Nikhil has made it out of the ICU at last.
Nikita Khrushchev was at the height of his powers.
Nikki is my Greek-Cypriot neighbour on Lulu Island. Her son George and his Japanese wife Chika with their hybrid daughters Chloe and Anna, who know some Japanese, share a house together. George and Nikki know Greek. They know that I have Greek ancestry.
Nikko is situated about seventy five miles north of Tokyo.
Nikola Tesla was a prolific inventor.
Nikola Tesla's remains are interred in the Tesla Museum in Belgrade.
Nils and Nelly walked across the mudflats to Langeoog.
Nilufar Yasmin works in Bangladesh Atomic Energy Commission.
Nilópolis is the smallest municipality in Rio de Janeiro State.
Ninavau used to be Catholic, now she converted Muslim because she married a Malay man.
Nine FIFA officials have been arrested and charged with racketeering and bribery.
Nine athletes from six nations competed.
Nine euros, is it the price of the bag or the shoes?
Nine hundred and ninety-nine plus one is one thousand.
Nine hundred twenty-five billion, eight hundred fourteen million, seven hundred three thousand, six hundred ninety-two is a twelve-digit number.
Nine hundred years shall you wander over the lakes and streams of Erin. This only I will grant unto you: that you retain your own speech, and there shall be no music in the world equal to yours, the plaintive music you shall sing.
Nine is a young age to start having suicidal thoughts.
Nine million people voted in the election.
Nine minus three equals six.
Nine minus three is equal to six.
Nine minus three makes six.
Nine months later, Sami and Layla welcomed a baby girl into the world.
Nine o'clock should be O.K.
Nine one one, what's your emergency?
Nine out of 10 American adults are metabolically unhealthy, and much of that comes down to the food they eat, according to the experts.
Nine out of 10 American adults are metabolically unhealthy.
Nine out of ten voters believe Maria is best suited to take over as leader. But Tom will abstain from voting.
Nine packages of sanctions and the effect is less than null.
Nine planets including the earth are moving around the sun.
Nine planets, isn't it? Oh, yeah — I forgot about Pluto.
Nine players make up a team.
Nine pounds of gold was needed to gild the victory medals.
Nine thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine plus one is ten thousand.
Nine times nine is eighty-one.
Nine women can't make a baby in one month.
Nine years ago, our parents died in a car crash.
Nine-month-old David drops to his knees, crawls toward a bottle of milk on the counter and begins to whimper.
Nine-tenths of our happiness depends on our health.
Nineteen PACs run by cane and beet sugar growers gave $ 846, 823.
Nineteen incumbent Democrats retired.
Nineteen states voted in the elections of 1816.
Nineteenth-century Hebrew had three principal dialects: Sephardi, Ashkenazi, and Yemenite.
Ninety divided by three is thirty.
Ninety percent of Ziri's family belonged to that cult.
Ninety percent of adults in the United States now have cellphones.
Ninety percent of all drivers think they're above average.
Ninety percent of everything is crap.
Ninety percent of our lawyers serve 10 percent of our people.
Ninety percent of road deaths are the result of human error.
Ninety percent of the people in this country don't exercise regularly.
Ninety percent of the time Mary doesn't know what she's doing.
Ninety percent of the time Tom and Mary don't know what they're doing.
Ninety percent of the time Tom doesn't know what he's doing.
Ninety percent of the time he will come.
Ninety-five percent of orphans are older than 5 years old.
Ninety-five percent of teens age 13 to 17 reported having a smartphone or having access to one.
Ninety-five percent of the world's oceans remain unexplored, unseen by human eyes.
Ninety-nine always makes me laugh.
Ninety-nine percent of all failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses.
Ninety-seven squirming little orphans must be scrubbed and combed and buttoned into freshly starched ginghams; and all ninety-seven reminded of their manners, and told to say, “Yes, sir,” “No, sir,” whenever a Trustee spoke.
Ninja Turtles is my favorite game.
Ninjas were also experts in espionage and sabotage.
Ninjas were solitary fighters but also members of clans.
Ninjas were trained from childhood to become formidable fighters.
Nino has green eyes.
Nintendo also began developing arcade games, and then game systems that could be played at home.
Nintendo finally brought Animal Crossing back to the way it's supposed to be.
Niobe is an ambiguous character.
Niobium is a chemical element with the symbol Nb.
Nip it in the bud right here.
Nip over there and ask. Hurry!
Nipples in men are pointless parts.
Nir has a discount coupon for the museum's exhibition.
Niran wants to meditate inside the large house.
Nisan is over already.
Nissan says the vehicles have problems with a computer program that controls engine operations and defects in the exhaust manifold and in muffler materials.
Nitpicking is just as often a sign of ignorance as it is a sign of understanding.
Nitroglycerin is the explosive substance found in dynamite.
Nitrous oxide is inert at room temperature.
Nitrous oxide stopped being used as an anaesthetic a long time ago.
Niue has cut government expenditures by reducing the public service by almost half.
Niue is a country.
Niue is a very beautiful island country.
Nixon became very angry.
Nixon created the Environmental Protection Agency in 1970.
Nixon had run for president in 1960.
Nixon made the speech on national TV.
Nixon resigned because of the Watergate scandal.
Nixon resigned before he could be impeached.
Nixon tried to stonewall through Watergate by ignoring it, but it didn't work.
Nixon tried to stonewall through Watergate by ignoring it, but it didn’t work.
Nixon was about to become president.
Nixon was born in California.
Nixon was caught lying because he bugged his own office.
Nixon won the election of 1972 by a huge popular vote.
Nizhny Novgorod and Philadelphia are sister cities.
Niçoise salad is a typical food of the area near Nice.
Nna Ldjouher Tabetrount doesn't like cheese.
Nna Yamna said: "Now, Saïda, I come back to you. We have heard about your poetry. Come on, declaim to us your poems that comfort us."
No
No 'hello' and no 'goodbye' – what's wrong with people these days?
No 'hello', no 'goodbye' – what are people like these days?
No Algerian city is in lockdown because of the coronavirus.
No Algerian has won a Nobel Prize.
No Algerian official should be above the law.
No Algerian should be excluded of the country's future wealth.
No Arabs did that in North Africa because Arabs didn't exist at the time this happened.
No Berber today.
No British authors are on the shortlist for the Booker Prize this year.
No Canadian would ever say that.
No Canadians were injured.
No Chinese person is more famous now than basketball player and NBA All-Star, Yao Ming, who is headlining China's Olympic basketball team.
No DNA evidence was found.
No Democrats retired.
No English dictionary has been able to explain the difference between the two verbs "to complete" and "to finish."
No Entry!
No I was sweetly at rest.
No I'm not!
No I'm not; you are!
No Internet in Amish country.
No I’m not; you are!
No Japanese girl is called Tatoeba.
No Maltese people consider themselves to be Arabs.
No Messiah is coming to save us.
No Muslim denounced the attack of September 11, 2001 with a real demonstration.
No P is more VI than the president.
No Person shall be a Representative who shall not have attained to the age of twenty five Years, and been seven Years a Citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State in which he shall be chosen.
No Smoking!
No TV in Amish country.
No Tom, actually you're wrong.
No Trespassing.
No U-turn!
No U-turns allowed.
No U-turns.
No abduction had been reported in that town since 1965.
No abnormalities showed up in the blood tests.
No access to the beach.
No achievement of yours will go unopposed.
No act of hate or terror will ever change who we are or the values that make us Americans.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
No action is in itself good or bad.
No action selected.
No action today, is there?
No additional information is available at this time.
No additional information was available.
No additives have been added to this jam.
No admittance beyond this point.
No admittance during the performance.
No admittance except on business.
No adversity lasts forever.
No aeroplanes have taken off for an hour.
No alcohol can be bought at this register. Sorry for any inconvenience.
No alcohol is allowed on campus.
No algorithm that can solve this problem in polynomial time has been found yet.
No allowance is made for accidents where diplomatic interests are at stake. I was ruined, shamefully, hopelessly ruined.
No ambiguities are allowed in a contract.
No amount of alcohol could repair Tom's broken heart.
No amount of ice cream and gummy bears would cure the sunken hearts of these U17 players from Mexico who went through the ordeal.
No amount of luck is going to get Ziri through this.
No amount of money can buy happiness.
No amount of money can persuade me to keep quiet about the truth.
No amount of money could make me want to do that.
No amount of money will change his mind.
No amount of persecution can stifle the great striving of nations for a peaceful, creative life.
No amount of training can prepare you for this.
No amount of wealth can satisfy a covetous man. All the treasure in the world won't make him happy.
No amount of wealth can satisfy a covetous man. All the treasure in the world won’t make him happy.
No animal builds beautiful churches, plays tennis, tells jokes, writes songs or visits the moon.
No animal can exist without plants.
No animal is as resistant in the desert as a camel.
No animal is bad.
No animal is evil.
No animals allowed.
No animals are to be found on the island.
No animals were harmed during the making of this sentence.
No animals were harmed in the making of this film.
No animals were shot.
No answer is also an answer.
No answer is better than a bad answer.
No answer is necessary.
No answer is required.
No answer was given.
No antidote is available.
No appointment is needed.
No appointments are necessary.
No arguing, just get to it.
No army is a match for a dragon.
No arrest was made regarding that murder.
No arrest was made.
No arrests has been made yet.
No arrests have been made.
No arrests have been reported.
No arrests were ever made.
No arrests were made on Monday.
No arrests were made.
No artificial colours, preservatives or flavours.
No artist encapsulates this style than Yanni.
No artist's studio is complete without an unfinished painting resting on an easel.
No atheist worth his salt will try to prove that God does not exist.
No attempt at communication was made with me as to what I was doing wrong.
No attention was paid to his warning.
No autopsy was performed.
No autumn fruit without spring blossom.
No backsies.
No barbecues here.
No baseball player had been as admired as he was.
No baseball player has been as deified as this man.
No basketball until your homework is done.
No batteries are necessary.
No beans for me.
No beer before four!
No better, no worse, just different.
No big deal!
No bird likes being in a cage.
No bird likes to be caged.
No bird should ever be a pet, nor does it want to be!
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
No blame attaches to him for the accident.
No blame attaches to his conduct.
No blame attaches to me.
No bleached hair! No earrings!
No boast the tyrant's scorn shall make - how friend to friend can faith forsake. But from the double death shall know, that truth and love yet live below!
No body can complain.
No body is perfect.
No body was found.
No body.
No bomb was ever found.
No bone is broken.
No bone was broken.
No bones are broken.
No bones broken.
No book is worth reading.
No boy in the class is as tall as Bill.
No boy in the class is taller than Bill.
No boy in the class is taller than Tom.
No boy or girl can learn too early in life the value of time and the opportunities within reach of the humblest children of the twentieth century to enable them to make of themselves noble men and women.
No breathing in class!
No breathing in class.
No browser is safe.
No burrs allowed.
No business which depends for existence on paying less than living wages to its workers has any right to continue in this country.
No buts!
No calculator is allowed.
No calls were returned.
No camera has been more romanticised in popular culture than the Polaroid camera.
No cameras or cell phones are allowed in here.
No can do!
No can do. I only slept a couple of hours, so my head isn't working.
No cannons, no oil.
No cap.
No car has passed for hours.
No carbs for me.
No cash was missing.
No cash was taken.
No casualties have been reported so far from the quake, which sent citizens in Aceh scurrying out of buildings and into the crowded streets.
No casualties have been reported.
No casualties were reported.
No cat likes water.
No cause can justify harming another person.
No cause of death was given.
No century of pure barbarism has ever considered itself barbaric, but each of them has still believed to be the flower of centuries and the most perfect era of the human spirit and society.
No chance in hell.
No chance.
No change took place upon the nymph's outward form.
No charge.
No charges have been filed against the suspect.
No charges have been filed.
No charges were brought against the Clintons.
No charges were brought against the parents.
No charges were ever brought.
No cheating! Play fair!
No check or bribe can suppress my determination to speak up for what is right.
No child belongs to his parents.
No child belongs to their parents.
No child is born hating trans people.
No child is the property of their parents.
No child should be left behind.
No child should go hungry.
No child should starve.
No child wants to be treated like a baby.
No children were in the park.
No children were on the bus.
No children's shows are being sexualized.
No church services will be held, including funerals and weddings.
No circumstance, no purpose, no law whatsoever can ever make licit an act which is intrinsically illicit.
No citizen should be deprived of his rights.
No city in Algeria is more important than its capital city, Algiers.
No city in Europe is as populous as Tokyo.
No city in Japan is as large as Tokyo.
No civilization lasts forever.
No claim exists.
No clouds were in the sky.
No coaxing could induce them to advance, and the application of the whip only seemed to exasperate their obstinacy.
No comment!
No comment.
No commercial use is permitted.
No company would hire Mennad.
No compelling evidence exists to support these claims.
No complaints have been reported.
No computer is aware of what it's doing, but most of the time, neither are we.
No consideration is paid to people who are sensitive to chemicals.
No construction company will kick us out of here.
No context, no text.
No contracts between Germans and Americans were to be canceled or suspended, nor were citizens of either country to be impeded in fulfilling their obligations arising thereunder.
No controversy is ever over for good. It will always resurface at some point.
No conventional weapon has enough power to completely destroy an aircraft carrier.
No cops were present.
No correlation was found.
No cost estimate was available.
No counter-attack was launched.
No counterattack was launched.
No country can match France's good quality wine.
No country goes to war with another another country unless there are benefits attached.
No country has suffered as many earthquakes as Japan.
No country on earth is safe in this nuclear age.
No country should interfere in another country's internal affairs.
No country should interfere in another country’s internal affairs.
No country should interfere in the internal affairs of other countries.
No country under the sun is safe in this nuclear age.
No country's ruling class sincerely believes in human rights. Actual human rights would eliminate their power.
No creature can live without air.
No creature whatsoever can live in space.
No credit cards are accepted.
No credit here.
No crime is perfect.
No criminal charges were filed.
No criminal charges will be filed against you.
No cross, no crown.
No crying outside.
No cube is the sum of two cubes.
No cultural background is necessary to understand art.
No culture is perfect.
No cure for the common cold exists, but the symptoms can be treated.
No cure is available.
No cure was possible, despite the abatement of symptoms.
No damage has been reported.
No damage or injuries were reported.
No damage was reported.
No date has been proposed.
No date has been set yet.
No date has yet been set for Tom's trial.
No dating until you're married.
No dating. No Internet after nine o'clock.
No day is the same as the previous one.
No day without a line.
No deal has been reached yet.
No deal was struck.
No dear, Nature made you so perfectly that this small defect shocks me as being a sign of earthly imperfection.
No deaths were reported.
No decent human being could possibly believe this.
No decent human being could possibly have done this.
No decent human being could possibly think this.
No decent people go to that place.
No decision has been made yet.
No decision has been made.
No decision was made.
No definition of poetry is adequate unless it be poetry itself.
No delegation was allowed to visit the besieged region.
No delicate piece of workmanship would do, because he was careless of his gun, knocked it about anyhow, and occasionally dropped it in a brook.
No democracy can long survive which does not accept as fundamental to its very existence the recognition of the rights of its minorities.
No derivative works are permitted.
No description has been set.
No details have been announced.
No details were discussed.
No details were immediately available.
No details were made public.
No details were offered.
No development has happened here in the last twenty years.
No deviation from the regulations will be tolerated.
No dice!
No dictionary is perfect.
No dirty jokes!
No discussion.
No doctor can explain that.
No doctor has been able to diagnose Sami's condition, I'm afraid.
No doctor is a god, nor perfect.
No doctor is a god.
No doctor is perfect.
No dogs allowed.
No dogs are allowed.
No dogs or alcohol allowed.
No dogs permitted except guide dogs.
No dogs!
No domestic animal, in proportion to its weight, needs as much water as a milch cow.
No donations to be left in the doorway when the store is closed.
No door to the heart can be forced open when the other holds it shut.
No double-deck vehicle may enter this area.
No doubt I'll find another house.
No doubt Tom will do that tomorrow.
No doubt Tom will enjoy doing that.
No doubt about it, I heard it with my own ears.
No doubt about it.
No doubt he did his best, but he didn't succeed.
No doubt he did his best, but he didn’t succeed.
No doubt he is your son.
No doubt he will bring the money on the appointed day.
No doubt he will come later.
No doubt he will come.
No doubt he will pass the examination.
No doubt it'll rain.
No doubt she loves him, but she won't marry him.
No doubt she loves him, but she won’t marry him.
No doubt she will come soon.
No doubt she will pass the examination.
No doubt she will win in the end.
No doubt something unexpected happened.
No doubt something unexpected was happening.
No doubt they feel threatened.
No doubt with another throw of the dice, had the black been uppermost and not the white, she would have loved Miss Kilman! But not in this world. No.
No doubt you have understood.
No doubt you will be able to pass the examination.
No doubt you'll like this.
No doubt! You're totally right.
No doubt, Mary understands the value of this.
No doubt, Tom will want to thank you in person.
No doubt, it will rain soon.
No doubt, regardless of the time, she was planning to go to the net cafÃ© without me if I hadn’t arrived first.
No doubt, regardless of the time, she was planning to go to the net café without me if I hadn't arrived first.
No doubt.
No doubt. He's a warmonger.
No doubt. He’s a warmonger.
No dramatist can compare with Shakespeare.
No dream has meaning.
No dream is worth more than another.
No dream lasts a lifetime.
No dream lasts forever.
No drinkers allowed.
No drinkers.
No drinking or eating permitted in this store.
No drugs were found.
No duh, man.
No dumping rubbish here!
No duty is more imperative than saying thank you.
No eating during class.
No eating or drinking is permitted in the restrooms.
No eating or drinking is permitted.
No election is necessary.
No empire lasts forever.
No ensemble can convey a composer's intent more forcefully than an orchestra.
No ensemble can convey a composer’s intent more forcefully than an orchestra.
No entertainment is so cheap as reading, nor any pleasure so lasting.
No everyone is the same.
No evidence of permanent settlement has ever been found.
No evidence was found.
No evidence was offered.
No evil is honorable; but death is honorable; therefore death is not evil.
No exit is possible, since the problem remains!
No expense has been spared.
No expense was spared in the construction of the Smith's dream home.
No expense was spared in the construction of the Smith’s dream home.
No expense was spared.
No explanation is necessary.
No explanation is needed.
No explanation was given.
No explanation was provided.
No explanations were given.
No explosives were found.
No external evidence can, at this long distance of time, be produced to prove whether the church fabricated the doctrine called redemption or not.
No extremely fat man has ever attempted such a thing.
No eye like a master's.
No face has perfect symmetry.
No face is perfectly symmetrical.
No fair!
No fair.
No family is perfect.
No fat chicks.
No fees are required to participate.
No feet, no sweets.
No fewer than 50 passengers were killed.
No fewer than fifty thousand people visited there.
No fewer than five hundred students were present.
No fewer than thirty people were present.
No fields changed.
No fighting, please.
No final decision has been made.
No financial details were disclosed.
No fine cloth can hide the clown.
No fjords have mountains around them.
No flies enter a closed mouth.
No flight plan has been filed.
No flowers grew there, no seaweed, only the bare gray sands, stretched toward the whirlpools, which like rushing millwheels swirled round, dragging everything that came within reach down to the depths.
No flowery path guides to glory.
No fluent Esperantist would say it that way.
No flying from fate.
No food can satiate their hunger.
No forest flower was trampled beneath his feet, lest the friendly Ryls should be grieved.
No formal action was taken.
No formal agreement was ever reached.
No formal training is required.
No friends came.
No fun allowed.
No fun is allowed.
No funny business!
No funny business.
No further action will be taken.
No further details were available.
No further details were given.
No further discussion is necessary.
No further information is available.
No further information was provided.
No further questions, your Honor.
No further questions, your Honour.
No further questions, your honor.
No fussing!
No future can compensate for what you let happen in the present.
No gain without pains.
No gain, no lose, we are fully equal.
No gains without pains.
No games, no talking. It's time for bed.
No ghost was ever seen by two pair of eyes.
No gift is more precious than trust.
No giraffe can cross this river.
No girl dares approach him.
No girl in my class is prettier than Linda.
No girl that I know wants to date Tom.
No gluten for Mr. Glutenstein at table five.
No go?
No god is coming to save us.
No gods, no masters.
No good apple on a sour stock.
No good can come of this.
No good deed goes unnoticed.
No good deed goes unpunished around here.
No good deed goes unpunished.
No good deed goes unrewarded.
No good idea is born in conferences. But a lot of bad ideas are refuted.
No good man suddenly gets rich.
No government can be long secure without formidable opposition.
No government land could be bought with paper money.
No governments are taking the threat of meteor strikes seriously.
No grant of feudal privilege has ever equaled, for effortless return, that of the grandparent who bought and endowed his descendants with a thousand shares of General Motors or General Electric.
No graphite pencils, food, tobacco, chewing gum, lighters, matches, or pocketknives will be permitted inside the clean room.
No gratuities accepted.
No gratuity accepted.
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist.
No great intellectual thing was ever done by great effort; a great thing can only be done by a great man, and he does it without effort.
No group has claimed responsibility for the kidnapping yet.
No group has claimed responsibility.
No gun was recovered.
No guy has ever asked me that.
No guys, I'm sorry, but I'm just not feeling it. I'm not in the mood to party today.
No hands shall touch him, but he shall be stoned to death, or he shall be shot through with arrows: whether it be beast, or man, he shall not live. When the trumpet shall begin to sound, then let them go up into the mount.
No handy, no candy.
No hard feelings about yesterday, right?
No hard feelings!
No hard feelings, okay?
No hard feelings.
No harm done.
No harm no foul.
No harm shall befall thee.
No harm was done.
No harm will come to you.
No harm, no foul.
No heat or cold lasts beyond the equinox.
No herbs grow in front of the oven.
No hobby is as cheap as reading, nor provides such long lasting enjoyment.
No holocaust must ever happen again.
No homework, no computer tonight.
No homo.
No honest person goes into politics.
No honour without work.
No hope left since we still live with them.
No house has only one roach in it.
No hugging at the gas station.
No human being could fit behind that cabinet.
No human being is illegal.
No human being is perfect.
No human being with any shred of compassion could possibly think that would be a good idea.
No human could be so mad to do that. Aliens? Who knows?
No human creature can escape its biological limitations, not even you!
No human has ever set foot on Mercury.
No human has gone to Venus.
No human has visited Mercury.
No human lives here.
No human poisonings from cocklebur are known but seeds and seedlings are toxic and potentially fatal to animals.
No human power can manage that.
No idea of danger crossed my mind then.
No idea what I should do.
No idea what to do.
No idea!
No idea.
No idea. That's why I'm asking.
No ifs, ands, or buts, mister!
No indeed, it would be easier extract a tooth from him than a coin in a honest matter.
No individual light was visible, only a halo or glow-fog overarching the place against the black heavens behind it, making the light and the city seem distant but a mile or so.
No individual's rights were violated.
No inequality should be allowed to exist between men and women.
No information could be got from the lady herself, who was temporarily insane from an acute attack of brain-fever.
No injuries have been reported.
No injuries were reported.
No instrument is snootier than the piccolo trumpet.
No intelligent person drinks and then drives.
No invading army has ever set foot upon Japanese shores.
No investigation is required.
No investigation, no right to speak.
No issue is a small issue.
No it won't.
No item in this shop costs more than one real.
No items have been changed.
No items were taken.
No joke?
No jokes please!
No joy is temporary, because the impression it leaves is permanent.
No joy without alloy.
No justice or freedom is possible when money always takes the crown.
No justice, no peace.
No keyboard has been found. Please press F1 to continue.
No kidding!
No kidding!?
No kidding, it might work.
No kidding.
No kidding. I heard he shot a cop.
No kidding?
No kids are allowed here.
No kind of bullying is OK.
No kissing here, please.
No land was to be seen anywhere.
No language can describe what I felt.
No language has more sentences on Tatoeba containing the name of the language than Esperanto.
No language is as lovely as Japanese.
No language is inherently superior to any other.
No language is superior to any other.
No language produces more sentences on Tatoeba containing the name of the own language than Esperanto.
No language, no nation.
No lapwing pilfers Lieschen's licorice.
No law enacted by the legislature of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region shall contravene this Law.
No law enforcement was present.
No leaping over.
No less a luminary than Isaac Newton turned his attention to this question.
No less than 1,000 people came to the party.
No less than 100 people attended the meeting.
No less than 3 men fell in that race.
No less than 40 percent of students go on to university.
No less than fifty passengers were injured in the traffic accident.
No less than one hundred people were present.
No less than three hundred dollars was needed for the work.
No less than twenty houses were burnt down.
No letters will be delivered.
No liberty for the enemies of liberty.
No life is too small to save.
No life without water.
No life would have been possible to Dorothea which was not filled with emotion.
No littering.
No living person can do everything.
No living soul was in that building.
No living thing could live without air.
No living things could live without oxygen.
No loitering.
No longer is it necessary to visit a bank, shopping mall, movie theater, or restaurant. For many, even physically going to a workplace is a thing of the past.
No longer mourn for me when I am dead / Than you shall hear the surly sullen bell / Give warning to the world that I am fled.
No longer pipe, no longer dance.
No longer shall we wait in silence.
No longer tarrying; to our oars we lean. / Down drop the sails; in order ranged, each crew / flings up the foam to heaven, and sweeps the sparkling blue.
No love is foul nor prison fair.
No love is greater than the love of a mother.
No love is ugly, and no prison is beautiful.
No love without envy.
No luck.
No ma'am, there's no mischief here.
No machine could replace you.
No machines disturbed the bucolic scene.
No major announcements are expected.
No major damage or injuries are known to have resulted from the quake measuring 3.0 on the Richter scale.
No major violence was reported.
No man alive would believe it.
No man can be a patriot on an empty stomach.
No man can know them, no hunter can shoot them, with powder and lead - Thoughts are free!
No man can live by and for himself.
No man can live for himself.
No man can live to be two hundred years old.
No man can occupy the office of President without realizing that he is President of all the people.
No man can resist the lure of a woman.
No man can serve two masters.
No man can tell what the future may bring forth, and small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
No man chooses evil because it is evil; he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks.
No man consents in his heart to pay high prices unless he feels that what he pays with his right hand he will get back with his left, either out of the pocket of a man who isn't looking, or out of the envy of the poor neighbour who is looking, but can't afford the figure.
No man escapes death.
No man ever believes that the Bible means what it says: He is always convinced that it says what he means.
No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man.
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar.
No man has spoken about this.
No man has the imagination required to grasp female reason, which is why it is called unreasonable.
No man has the right to hit you.
No man hath seen God at any time; the only begotten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared him.
No man in all Edos, save the King, is so powerful as he, nor is there a bigger blackguard within its walls.
No man injures me by word, deed, sign, or look, but he must render me an account of it.
No man is a hero to his valet.
No man is a prophet among his friends.
No man is a prophet in his house or in his country, if history is to be believed.
No man is a prophet in his own country.
No man is a prophet in his own land.
No man is a prophet in the United States.
No man is a prophet to his friends.
No man is an island, entire of itself.
No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent.
No man is an island, something complete in itself. Every man is a fragment of the continent, one part of the whole.
No man is an island.
No man is free from sin.
No man is good enough to be another man's master.
No man is happy, unless he thinks he is.
No man is perfect.
No man is rich enough to buy back his own past.
No man is so old he cannot learn.
No man is the wiser for his learning.
No man is wise at all times.
No man is without his faults.
No man is without hypocrisy.
No man knows so well as Bittlebrains on which side his bread is buttered.
No man lives in the building.
No man lives or has ever lived who has brought the same amount of study and of natural talent to the detection of crime which I have done.
No man ought to be judge in his cause.
No man received enough votes to win the nomination.
No man saw his brother, nor moved himself out of the place where he was: but wheresoever the children of Israel dwelt, there was light.
No man takes with him to Hades all his exceeding wealth.
No man wants me. I'll have to become a cat lady.
No man would say that.
No manspreading!
No manuscripts of this work have survived.
No many people know how to do that.
No marriage is perfect.
No matter how I do on my final, I'm going to pass this class.
No matter how I racked my brain, I couldn't remember that name.
No matter how I racked my brain, I couldn’t remember that name.
No matter how I try, I can't forget that kiss.
No matter how angry he was, he would never resort to violence.
No matter how bad Earth gets, life here will always be a more hopeful prospect than life on Mars.
No matter how bad it gets, she won't die from that disease.
No matter how bad it gets, she won't die of that kind of sickness.
No matter how bad it gets, she won’t die from that disease.
No matter how bad it gets, she won’t die of that kind of sickness.
No matter how bad you feel, don't give up.
No matter how beautiful the celebration is, she doesn't know all subjects of knowledge.
No matter how bratty Tom is, we have to try to get along with him.
No matter how busy I become, I'll always have time for my children.
No matter how busy Tom gets, he never forgets to write an email to his mother at least once a week.
No matter how busy he was while living abroad, he never failed to write home to his parents at least once a week.
No matter how busy you are, I think you should at least read a newspaper.
No matter how busy you are, you have to do that.
No matter how busy you are, you have to do your homework.
No matter how busy you are, you need to do that.
No matter how busy you are, you should do that.
No matter how capable you are, you're not going to get a promotion.
No matter how capable you are, you’re not going to get a promotion.
No matter how carefully I explain things, Tom and Mary never seem to understand.
No matter how carefully I explain things, Tom never seems to understand.
No matter how carefully you choose your words, they'll always end up being twisted by others.
No matter how clever your language is, the processor running your code only understands bits and a few operators.
No matter how close the resemblance, there's always a difference.
No matter how close we are, I can't allow him to do this.
No matter how close we may be, I can not ask him to do that.
No matter how close we may be, I can't ask him to do that.
No matter how close we may be, I cannot ask him to do that.
No matter how cold it is outside, the rooms are comfortably heated.
No matter how cold it is outside, the rooms are heated to a comfortable temperature.
No matter how cold it was, he never wore an overcoat.
No matter how cold the weather is, I go to the park every day to run.
No matter how disgusting the toilet is, you just have to grit your teeth and scrub it by hand if you really want it to be sparkling clean.
No matter how drunk you were, Goethe was a poet!
No matter how experienced is the woman, a pure young man will be able to enjoy a pure love.
No matter how fair the sun shines, still it must set.
No matter how far Damiano travels, he cannot escape himself.
No matter how far you may fly, I will never forget where you came from.
No matter how far you run, my relentless pursuit will eventually close in on you.
No matter how fast you drive, you won't get there on time.
No matter how fast you drive, you won’t get there on time.
No matter how fast you go, you won't get there on time.
No matter how fast you may walk, you can't catch up with Tom.
No matter how fast you may walk, you can't catch up with him.
No matter how fast you may walk, you can’t catch up with him.
No matter how fast you may walk, you won't be able to catch up with Tom.
No matter how fast you ran, you cannot win.
No matter how fast you run, you won't be in time.
No matter how fast you run, you won't catch up with him.
No matter how fast you run, you won’t catch up with him.
No matter how fast you run, you'll never make it on time.
No matter how fast you walk, you won't be able to catch up with him.
No matter how fierce the winds blow or the waves crash, it feels as effortless as strolling leisurely in a quiet courtyard.
No matter how flat you make a pancake, it always has two sides.
No matter how good his grades are, he struggles to keep his foot out of his mouth.
No matter how good you are at anything, there are always about a million people who are better at it.
No matter how good you are at anything, there are always about a million people who think they can do better.
No matter how good you are, there will always be people who are better than you.
No matter how good your life is, you'll always find a reason to be unhappy.
No matter how hard I practiced, I wasn't able to do the backstroke.
No matter how hard I practiced, I wasn’t able to do the backstroke.
No matter how hard I strive, I fail to achieve my parents' requirements.
No matter how hard I strive, I fail to achieve my parents’ requirements.
No matter how hard I tried to relax, every noise in the forest was keeping me awake.
No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't open the jar.
No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't remember that song's title.
No matter how hard I tried, I still failed the exam.
No matter how hard I tried.
No matter how hard I try, I can't convince her.
No matter how hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.
No matter how hard I try, I can't meet my parents' expectations.
No matter how hard I try, I can't remember how to do it.
No matter how hard I try, I can't remember the exact words.
No matter how hard I try, I can't swim to that rock.
No matter how hard I try, I can’t do it any better than she can.
No matter how hard I try, I can’t swim to that rock.
No matter how hard I try, I don't think I'll ever be able to do that.
No matter how hard I try, I will never be able to catch up with him.
No matter how hard I try...
No matter how hard I work, my boss is never satisfied.
No matter how hard Mennad tried, he could never learn how to play the guitar.
No matter how hard Tom tried, he couldn't forget Mary.
No matter how hard Tom tried, he couldn't impress Mary.
No matter how hard he may study, he cannot master English in a year or two.
No matter how hard he may work, he will not be able to pass the exams.
No matter how hard he tried, he could not get out of the maze.
No matter how hard he tried, my opinion didn't change.
No matter how hard he tried, my opinion didn’t change.
No matter how hard he tries, he just can't get anywhere.
No matter how hard he tries, my opinion won't change.
No matter how hard it snows, I have to begin my trip.
No matter how hard one tries to make things seem permanent, one has to realize that this whole world is indeed impermanent.
No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't please him.
No matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t please him.
No matter how hard the training was, Tom never cried.
No matter how hard the training was, she never cried.
No matter how hard they tried, it failed.
No matter how hard we try, it’s never enough.
No matter how hard we try, we'll never be able to satisfy Tom.
No matter how hard you insist, you're wrong.
No matter how hard you may study English, you cannot master it in a year or so.
No matter how hard you may study, you cannot master English in a year or two.
No matter how hard you may try, you won't succeed so easily.
No matter how hard you may try, you won’t succeed so easily.
No matter how hard you try at work, someone still works less and gets more than you.
No matter how hard you try, it never gets easier.
No matter how hard you try, nothing comes of it.
No matter how hard you try, nothing will come of it.
No matter how hard you try, the result will be the same.
No matter how hard you try, you can't finish it in a day.
No matter how hard you try, you can't learn English in two or three months.
No matter how hard you try, you can’t finish it in a day.
No matter how hard you try, you won't be able to do it.
No matter how hard you try, you won't be able to do that.
No matter how hard you try, you won't be able to finish that in a day.
No matter how hard you try, you won't be able to finish that in one day.
No matter how hard you try, you won’t be able to finish that in a day.
No matter how hard you try, you won’t be able to finish that in one day.
No matter how he tried, he could not open the door.
No matter how heated things get, you have to keep your cool.
No matter how heavily it snows, I have to leave.
No matter how high you are sitting, you are always on your behind!
No matter how humble it is, there's no place like home.
No matter how humble it is, there’s no place like home.
No matter how humble it may be, home is home.
No matter how important the question may or may not be, you must solve it.
No matter how interesting magic shows may be, I don't like them so much.
No matter how interesting magic shows may be, I don’t like them so much.
No matter how it goes, I'll be here for you.
No matter how kind your children are, German children are Kinder.
No matter how large the world's corpus of written documents may become, it will never encompass the infinite range of sentences that can be formed by human language.
No matter how late you may stay up, get up by seven in the morning.
No matter how learned one may be, he or she cannot be called a good person unless he or she has a sound mind.
No matter how long I think about it, I don't understand.
No matter how long it takes, I will finish the job.
No matter how long it takes, I will finish the work.
No matter how long the night, the day will eventually dawn.
No matter how long the storm is, the sun always comes back to shine through the clouds.
No matter how long the storm lasts, the sun always shines through the clouds again.
No matter how low the target, always aim higher.
No matter how many faults there are, our achievements are the main thing.
No matter how many flowers you give me, I won't go out with you.
No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn’t trying.
No matter how many people tell Tom he made a mistake, he still insists he's right.
No matter how many people tell him he made a mistake, Tom still insists he's right.
No matter how many people tell him he made a mistake, Tom still insists he’s right.
No matter how many times I ask, the teacher still won't let me go.
No matter how many times I correct him, he keeps making the same mistake.
No matter how many times I press the button, the TV just won't turn on.
No matter how many times I read that sentence, I couldn't understand it.
No matter how many times I read this book I discover something new.
No matter how many times I see it, it still makes me laugh.
No matter how many times I see this, it still makes me laugh.
No matter how many times I've been shown, I just can't learn how to tie a tie.
No matter how many times I've been shown, I just can't learn to tie a tie.
No matter how many times you see this, you still laugh.
No matter how many troops they have or how much firepower they have, we'll crush them if they invade our country.
No matter how much I consider it I do not understand.
No matter how much I eat, I never get fat.
No matter how much I eat, I never seem to gain weight.
No matter how much I give Tom, he always wants more.
No matter how much I prayed, the gods did not hear me.
No matter how much I prod her, she refuses to start working on the assignment.
No matter how much I rush it, miscellaneous work keeps piling up and I can't catch up with it.
No matter how much I rush it, miscellaneous work keeps piling up and I can’t catch up with it.
No matter how much I search, I can't find the information I'm looking for.
No matter how much I think about it, I can't understand it.
No matter how much I think about it, I don't understand it.
No matter how much I tried, I couldn't say anything.
No matter how much I try, it's all in vain.
No matter how much Paul knocked, Amelia wouldn't open her door.
No matter how much Tom eats, he never gains weight.
No matter how much Tom eats, he wants to eat more.
No matter how much Ziri swam, he didn't seem to get closer to the shore.
No matter how much effort I make, people always find mistakes in my actions.
No matter how much it costs, I will present my project.
No matter how much it costs.
No matter how much money I have, I never feel happy.
No matter how much she eats, she never gains weight.
No matter how much warning you give to Tom, it is wasted effort.
No matter how much we might want to do that, we're not going to be allowed to do it.
No matter how much you complain, it won't make anything better.
No matter how much you complain, it's not going to change anything.
No matter how much you get on my nerves, I'll always love you just the way you are.
No matter how much you hurry your effort is just a drop in the bucket.
No matter how much you keep saying this is your house, please stop walking around naked.
No matter how much you lap coal, it stays black.
No matter how much you may want to do that, we're not going to let you.
No matter how much you might think you like curry, three days in a row is plenty.
No matter how much you might think you like curry, three nights in a row is more than enough.
No matter how much you offer to pay me, I won't do that.
No matter how much you run, you'll never make it on time.
No matter how much you try to convince people that chocolate is vanilla, it'll still be chocolate, even though you may manage to convince yourself and a few others that it's vanilla.
No matter how much you try to convince people that chocolate is vanilla, it’ll still be chocolate, even though you may manage to convince yourself and a few others that it’s vanilla.
No matter how much you try to impress her, she just ignores you.
No matter how much you try, you don't lose even a kilo. You might even gain a little weight. This is the diet plateau.
No matter how much you try, you don’t lose even a kilo. You might even gain a little weight. This is the diet plateau.
No matter how much you want to do that, I can't let you.
No matter how often I phone, I can't get through.
No matter how often I put on my thinking cap, I am afraid my unpreparedness will dominate.
No matter how often I tell her, she keeps making the same mistake.
No matter how often you write to her, she will not take notice of you.
No matter how old I get, I'll still have the energy to play ping-pong.
No matter how old I get, I’ll still have the energy to play ping-pong.
No matter how old one may be, one can learn.
No matter how old you are, it is still possible to learn.
No matter how old you are, you'll still be welcome there.
No matter how old you get, you can still learn.
No matter how plain a woman may be, if truth and honesty are written across her face, she will be beautiful.
No matter how rational your words may sound, someone will always contradict you.
No matter how rich a man is, he can't buy love.
No matter how rich a man is, he cannot buy love.
No matter how rich a man may be, he ought not to be idle.
No matter how rich a person is, he shouldn't be idle.
No matter how rich a person is, he shouldn’t be idle.
No matter how rich he may be, he is never contented.
No matter how rich one may be, one cannot live happily without health.
No matter how rich people are, they always want more.
No matter how rich you are, you can't buy love.
No matter how rich you are, you can't buy true love.
No matter how rich, one should not live an idle life.
No matter how rough things get, we'll survive somehow.
No matter how ruthless you are, you'll never snuff out all your enemies.
No matter how simple the recipe is, Tom will find a way to screw it up and burn something.
No matter how sleepy you are, brush your teeth.
No matter how sneaky you are, you can never surprise yourself.
No matter how strange it may seem to us, it doesn't seem strange to the people who live there.
No matter how strange it may seem, piezoelectricity is not magic!
No matter how stupid I am, there will always be somebody even stupider.
No matter how stupid of a person you are, Minecraft is just a game, which means that that and the real world have no relationship! You should understand that...
No matter how stupid you may think this is, we have to do it.
No matter how the fish looks, Parola and fellow chef Tim Creehan are teaming up with Illinois state officials in a campaign to whet the public's appetite for the Asian carp. "It’s very palatable and very pleasing when you taste it," he said.
No matter how thin you slice it, it's still baloney.
No matter how thin you slice it, it’s still baloney.
No matter how things go, let's stay together.
No matter how tired I am, I have to work.
No matter how tired I might be, I have to work.
No matter how tired he is, he writes in his diary before going to bed.
No matter how tired you are, that work has to be finished today.
No matter how tired you are, you have to do it.
No matter how tired you are, you have to do that.
No matter how tired you are, you need to do that.
No matter how tired you are, you should do that.
No matter how tired you might be, you have to do it.
No matter how tough it gets, I won't give up.
No matter how twisted the rope, it still breaks.
No matter how vigorous the lie, you cannot escape the truth.
No matter how we choose to live, we all die at the end.
No matter how we try, it is impossible to distinguish good people from bad people by outward appearances.
No matter how well I do something, Tom always tells me that I could've done better.
No matter how you do it, the results will be the same.
No matter how you do that, the results will be the same.
No matter how you look at it you're a beautiful, ill-fated woman, the heroine of a tragedy.
No matter how you look at it you’re a beautiful, ill-fated woman, the heroine of a tragedy.
No matter how you look at it, Satoshi Kon was a top class director and mangaka.
No matter how you look at it, the average American child is a slave to TV.
No matter how you look at it, the odds are stacked against us.
No matter how you look at it, what he says seems to be true.
No matter how you say it, I'm not going to listen to you.
No matter how you say it, I’m not going to listen to you.
No matter how you'll twist it around, he's always going to be at fault here.
No matter if black, brown, yellow or normal, all people should have the same rights.
No matter if you have money or not, live a life that's just right for you.
No matter our difference, it was Ziri who inspired me to do that.
No matter that we may mount on stilts, we still must walk on our own legs. And on the highest throne in the world, we still sit only on our own bottom.
No matter the age, a child is a child.
No matter the number of qualities we might possess, the world pays attention above all to our bad ones.
No matter the outcome, we’ll be there.
No matter the outcome, we’ll stand firm.
No matter the person calling, I'll just stay put.
No matter the situation, Miroslav's default response seems to be a torrent of colorful expletives.
No matter what I did, Ken wouldn't do what I told him.
No matter what I did, Ken wouldn't listen to me.
No matter what I did, Ken wouldn’t do what I told him.
No matter what I did, no one paid any attention to me.
No matter what I do, I can't make Tom laugh.
No matter what I do, I just can't learn to swim.
No matter what I do, Tom always complains.
No matter what I do, Tom and Mary always complain.
No matter what I do, Tom won't be satisfied.
No matter what I do, it never seems to be enough.
No matter what I do, it won't be enough.
No matter what I do, it's never enough.
No matter what I do, my girlfriend won't stop eating ice.
No matter what I do, she says I can do better.
No matter what I eat, I never seem to gain weight.
No matter what I tell him, it's useless, so I don't interfere anymore.
No matter what I tried, Ken wouldn't do what I told him to do.
No matter what I try, I can't seem to give up smoking.
No matter what I try, I can’t seem to give up smoking.
No matter what I'm going to the beach! Towel and trunks. Insect repellant!
No matter what I’m going to the beach! Towel and trunks. Insect repellant!
No matter what Mark does, he cannot be Kim Kardashian.
No matter what Mary says, she is always right. Do not even try to hold a discussion with her.
No matter what Mary wears, she always looks great.
No matter what Tom and Mary wear, they always look great.
No matter what Tom asks, don't reply to him.
No matter what Tom does, he does it well.
No matter what Tom says, I'll do it my own way.
No matter what Tom says, I'll do that my own way.
No matter what Tom says, remain calm.
No matter what Tom says, stay calm.
No matter what Tom wears, he always looks great.
No matter what Tom wears, he looks cool.
No matter what Ziri does, it's going to end badly.
No matter what anyone has to say, I'm going to Boston.
No matter what anyone says, I plan to go.
No matter what anyone says, I still think the Spirit Temple should be played before the Shadow Temple.
No matter what anyone says, I won't go.
No matter what challenges we face, I know that as long as we're together, we can overcome anything. You are my strength, my love, my everything.
No matter what game he plays, he always wins.
No matter what game you and I play together, you never win.
No matter what grand and lofty reason you have, it's not right to do this.
No matter what happens, I am prepared.
No matter what happens, I want to do that.
No matter what happens, I will get through the difficulties.
No matter what happens, I will never betray my friend.
No matter what happens, I will never change my mind.
No matter what happens, I won't be surprised.
No matter what happens, I won't change my mind.
No matter what happens, I won't give up.
No matter what happens, I won’t be surprised.
No matter what happens, I won’t change my mind.
No matter what happens, I won’t give up.
No matter what happens, I'll always love you.
No matter what happens, I'll be there.
No matter what happens, I'll do that.
No matter what happens, I'll find a job.
No matter what happens, I'll go.
No matter what happens, I'll keep my promise.
No matter what happens, I'll never tell.
No matter what happens, I'll stand by you.
No matter what happens, I'll stay with you.
No matter what happens, I'll support you.
No matter what happens, I'll try to do that.
No matter what happens, I'm not changing my mind.
No matter what happens, I'm prepared.
No matter what happens, I’ll stand by you.
No matter what happens, Tom always shows up on time.
No matter what happens, Tom isn't likely to be surprised.
No matter what happens, Ziri, I'll still love you.
No matter what happens, catch that train tomorrow.
No matter what happens, catch the train tomorrow.
No matter what happens, don't change your plan.
No matter what happens, don't forget to smile.
No matter what happens, don't give up.
No matter what happens, don't open the door.
No matter what happens, don't say anything.
No matter what happens, just keep smiling.
No matter what happens, keep moving.
No matter what happens, keep the door locked and don't come outside.
No matter what happens, my determination won't change.
No matter what happens, there is always someone who saw it coming.
No matter what happens, we have to stay here.
No matter what happens, we will help you through it.
No matter what happens, we'll always be together.
No matter what happens, you have to stay calm.
No matter what happens, you must be here by nine.
No matter what happens, you must not give up.
No matter what happens, you need to remain calm.
No matter what happens, you should never give up hope.
No matter what happens.
No matter what he does, he does it well.
No matter what he does, it will always be said that he's the one who ruined everything.
No matter what he may do, he will be praised.
No matter what he may say, don't trust him.
No matter what he may say, don’t trust him.
No matter what he plays on the screen, Tom looks great.
No matter what he says, I'll never believe him again.
No matter what he says, I’ll never believe him again.
No matter what he says, don't trust him.
No matter what he says, don’t trust him.
No matter what he told you, it's not true.
No matter what his opinion is, I will do it the way I want to.
No matter what image the name Cleopatra conjures up—a seductress who swayed two Roman rulers, the actress Elizabeth Taylor or the tragic heroine in a play by William Shakespeare—Egypt's last queen continues to fascinate and intrigue more than 2,000 years after her death.
No matter what it is, we must persevere.
No matter what it takes we must prevail.
No matter what kind of mood Mary's in, Tom can always manage to make her smile.
No matter what may come, I will do my duty.
No matter what may happen, I am always prepared for it.
No matter what may happen, I'm always prepared for it.
No matter what may happen, you mustn't forget your smile.
No matter what needs to be done, we'll do it.
No matter what results may follow, I will carry out my plan.
No matter what she eats, she doesn't gain weight.
No matter what she says, it's true.
No matter what she says, remain calm.
No matter what the cost, I will accomplish that.
No matter what the cost, I'll accomplish that.
No matter what the difficulties, I was resolved to make an actress out of this woman.
No matter what the excuse is, he is to be blamed.
No matter what the excuse, he is to be blamed.
No matter what the price of gas is, I need to fill up my tank.
No matter what the problem is, it's essential to get at the heart of the matter.
No matter what the problem is, it’s essential to get at the heart of the matter.
No matter what the situation, Mary tries to be happy and cheerful.
No matter what the young people do, the current generation refuses to try to help.
No matter what they tell me, I still plan to go to Australia next week.
No matter what they tell me, I still plan to go to Boston on Monday.
No matter what they're talking about, Tom and his wife never agree.
No matter what they've done, I don't think we should name and shame the culprits.
No matter what we do, Tom won't be happy.
No matter what we do, Tom won't be satisfied.
No matter what we do, everything is fun and exciting if I do it with you.
No matter what you desire of life, other people's aims, ambitions and activities constitute vital obstructions along your pathway.
No matter what you do it's never enough.
No matter what you do you must always do it to the best of your ability.
No matter what you do you must follow the right path.
No matter what you do, I'll still love you.
No matter what you do, Tom will never agree.
No matter what you do, Tom won't like it.
No matter what you do, do your best.
No matter what you do, don't ever kiss your teacher.
No matter what you do, don't laugh!
No matter what you do, don't laugh.
No matter what you do, don't play poker with Tom.
No matter what you do, don't pull this rope.
No matter what you do, don't push this button.
No matter what you do, somebody won't like it.
No matter what you do, the result will be the same.
No matter what you do, you have to do your best.
No matter what you do, you must do your best.
No matter what you do, you must follow the correct order.
No matter what you do, you're not going to get me to laugh.
No matter what you may do, you must do your best.
No matter what you may say, I will not change my mind.
No matter what you may say, I won't change my mind.
No matter what you say, I am convinced that I am right.
No matter what you say, I did see the man.
No matter what you say, I don't think Tom is a nice guy.
No matter what you say, I don’t think Tom is a nice guy.
No matter what you say, I hate you!
No matter what you say, I just won't believe you.
No matter what you say, I will never believe you.
No matter what you say, I won't change my mind.
No matter what you say, I won't change my opinion.
No matter what you say, I won't do that.
No matter what you say, I won't give up.
No matter what you say, I'll do as I want!
No matter what you say, I'll do it my own way.
No matter what you say, I'll do it my way.
No matter what you say, I'll do what I want.
No matter what you say, I'll never believe you.
No matter what you say, I'm convinced I'm right.
No matter what you say, I'm convinced that I'm right.
No matter what you say, I'm going to do that my own way.
No matter what you say, I'm not going.
No matter what you say, Japanese Anglicisms are Japanese.
No matter what you say, he still won't do it.
No matter what you say, he still won’t do it.
No matter what you say, the answer is "no."
No matter what you say, waseieigo is Japanese.
No matter what you say, you still like Tom deep down, don't you?
No matter what you say, you won't be able to change Tom's mind.
No matter what you think, I will always put peanut butter on one side, and jelly on the other.
No matter what you think, the verdict was not just.
No matter what you think, the verdict wasn't just.
No matter what you're studying, I think it's best to study a little every day.
No matter what your main purpose is in reading, books should never fail to provide contentment and satisfaction.
No matter what your past life, it isn't important to me.
No matter what your profession, or how happy you may be in it, there are moments when you wish you had chosen some other career.
No matter what, I am not able to learn to swim.
No matter what, I need to finish the article today.
No matter what, I will never give up conquering your heart.
No matter what, I won't change my decision.
No matter what, I'll be there.
No matter what, I'm leaving when the rain stops.
No matter what, I'm not going to give up.
No matter what, I’ll stand by you.
No matter what, don't tell Tom.
No matter what, they pushed forward.
No matter what, we stand united.
No matter what, we're here for you.
No matter what, we’ll find a way through.
No matter what, you can't leave.
No matter when you come, I'll play a game of Japanese chess with you.
No matter when you come, I’ll play a game of Japanese chess with you.
No matter when you meet him, he is always chewing gum.
No matter when you visit Turkey, you will definitely have a good time.
No matter where I go or what I do he keeps following me.
No matter where I go, I always have you in my heart.
No matter where I go, I can't seem to escape the English language.
No matter where I go, I get lost.
No matter where Tom goes, he has a good reputation.
No matter where in the world or when, a parent's love for a child is the same.
No matter where in the world or when, a parent’s love for a child is the same.
No matter where we go, I'll follow you.
No matter where you are in the world, you're never truly safe.
No matter where you are, pray.
No matter where you go in Holland, you'll see windmills.
No matter where you go, I'll follow you.
No matter where you go, I’ll follow you.
No matter where you go, the sky will always be the same color.
No matter where you go, you will be welcomed.
No matter where you go, you will find no place like home.
No matter where you hide, rest assured, I possess the unwavering determination to locate you.
No matter where you live, you would find it difficult not to laugh at, say, Charlie Chaplin's early films.
No matter where you live, you would find it difficult not to laugh at, say, Charlie Chaplin’s early films.
No matter where you look you can see damage caused by the earthquake.
No matter where you looked you could see damage caused by the earthquake.
No matter where you may go, don't forget to write to me.
No matter where you may go, don’t forget to write to me.
No matter where you may go, you may find the same thing.
No matter where you may travel, be sure to phone me once a week.
No matter whether it is cold or hot, when she goes out, she always brings a scarf.
No matter which accounting magic you're using, your company is still indebted.
No matter which country, it's the same trouble.
No matter which diet you choose, limiting your intake of carbohydrates is always a good idea.
No matter which musical instrument you want to learn to play, the most important thing is not to make any mistakes from the beginning on, because mistakes are always imprinted on your mind more easily than everything you do right.
No matter which road you follow, the drive to town won't take you more than twenty minutes.
No matter which road you follow, the drive to town won’t take you more than twenty minutes.
No matter which used car you decide to buy, be sure it has only had one previous owner.
No matter which you make, you will be satisfied with it.
No matter who comes, don't open the door.
No matter who it was that wrote this book, he's very clever.
No matter who it was that wrote this book, he’s very clever.
No matter who may call, you must not open the door.
No matter who may go, he will be welcomed.
No matter who says so, I can't believe that.
No matter who says so, I can’t believe that.
No matter who says so, I don't believe it.
No matter who says so, I don’t believe it.
No matter who says so, it's not true.
No matter who we are up against, we fight with respect.
No matter who you are or where you are from, one thing is certain.
No matter who you ask, you won't be able to get a satisfactory answer.
No matter whose fault it is, let's clean up the mess before dad comes home.
No matter whose money this is, I am keeping it! Finders keepers!
No matter you go, I'll follow.
No matter you may say, you won't be believed.
No matter!
No matter.
No matter what Tom says, I plan on doing that.
No matter what Tom says, I plan to do that.
No meal is complete without bread.
No means no.
No meat was being served in the school cafeteria.
No mechanical problems were found.
No medical cause was ever identified.
No medicine can cure a man of discontent.
No medicine can cure folly.
No medicine can cure this disease.
No men were lost.
No mention is made of that fact.
No merchandise can be returned.
No merger will take place.
No microwave popcorn, please!
No minors allowed.
No mischief!
No miser has yet been found who was satisfied with what he had.
No mistake escapes his attention.
No mistakes could be made.
No mole could be blinder.
No money should change hands without a written record of the transaction.
No money was stolen.
No money was taken.
No money, no honey!
No money, no job, no friends. He was truly at loose ends.
No more beer for Tom.
No more bets.
No more biscuits!
No more booze for me.
No more bus ride.
No more can be said.
No more candy!
No more chatting!
No more cookies!
No more detail.
No more fake news.
No more frozen burritos for you.
No more funny business with me.
No more goodbyes.
No more letters came.
No more need be said.
No more needs to be said.
No more of your cheek or I'll hit you!
No more of your cheek or I’ll hit you!
No more of your jokes, please.
No more parties.
No more people can fit inside the current office.
No more questions, please.
No more secrets now.
No more secrets, Tom.
No more secrets.
No more shall we speak of this matter.
No more shooting.
No more sitting.
No more soup for me.
No more than 50 people came.
No more than one professor is respected by every student.
No more than seven people will be meeting here.
No more than two days have passed.
No more than two hours have passed.
No more today.
No more video games.
No more wars on this Earth!
No more will we wait in silence.
No more words were spoken.
No more!
No more, please.
No more, thank you. I'm full.
No more, thank you. I’m full.
No more, thanks. I'm full.
No mountain in Japan is higher than Mt. Fuji.
No mountain in Japan is so high as Mt. Fuji.
No mountain in the world is as high as Mount Everest.
No mountain in the world is higher than Everest.
No movies on school nights. Period.
No murder had been committed. For years. Exactly 237 years. As a homicide detective in the employ of a small mountainous town, this gravely concerned Tom.
No music, no life.
No musician would have thought of playing that music at the funeral.
No names, OK?
No nation can exist completely isolated from others.
No nation can fully understand itself or find its place in the world if it does not look with clear eyes at all the glories and disgraces, too, of the past. We, in the United States, acknowledge such an injustice in our own history: The internment of Americans of Japanese ancestry was a great injustice, and it will never be repeated.
No nation has the right to intervene in Algeria's internal affairs.
No nation has the right to intervene in Algeria's internal politics.
No nation was ever so virtuous as each believes itself, and none was ever so wicked as each believes the other.
No nation's security and well-being can be lastingly achieved in isolation but only in effective cooperation with fellow-nations.
No need for civilians to work hard.
No need for more lies.
No need for you to tell me. I'm not interested.
No need to apologize.
No need to apologize; I understand.
No need to argue, there is nothing that only has bad effects and no benefits.
No need to be bothered, brother.
No need to be so formal.
No need to call her now.
No need to call the authorities. Nothing happened.
No need to count anymore.
No need to explain.
No need to exploit it.
No need to flex about all the cash you’ve got.
No need to fuss over small things - life is beautiful the way things are now.
No need to get all histrionic. You're not on a soap opera.
No need to get ridiculous.
No need to heat up so much!
No need to introduce yourself.
No need to keep talking.
No need to leave them.
No need to point out the obvious. I know I just lost an arm. All right?
No need to say anything more. How about we go to Zhouzhuang?
No need to talk about it.
No need to tell him. He knows.
No need to tell me twice!
No need to thank me.
No need to translate this sentence. I understand it.
No need to translate this text. I already have its Spanish version.
No need to trouble yourself, Auntie. A glass of boiled water will be plenty.
No need to worry about reading the contract; it's just a formality.
No need to worry.
No need to yell like that.
No need.
No new date was given.
No new drugs are researched for transgender people because the market is tiny. If it were profitable, they would come up with a patented formulation of hormones just for trans people.
No new horror can be more terrible than the daily torture of the commonplace.
No new houses have been built around here for a long time.
No news has come in from anywhere.
No news is bad news.
No news is good news.
No news is good news. If you haven't heard from your son it's because he's doing well.
No news is good news. If you haven’t heard from your son it’s because he’s doing well.
No no she is very naughty.
No noise can be made here.
No notice was taken of his efforts.
No nudity, please.
No number system can be compatible with Toki Pona.
No object with a mass can travel at the speed of light.
No objection.
No obstacle will deter me from attaining what I desire.
No offence!
No offence, but you're not my type.
No offense was meant.
No offense!
No offense, Tom, but you're not ready for this.
No offense, but the sheer thought of blood sausage makes me gag.
No officers involved were injured.
No officers were hurt.
No officers were shot.
No officers were wounded.
No official complaint was filed.
No official date has been set for Burma's election, although many regional political analysts and Burmese expatriates expect it to be in October.
No olive trees were planted on the land.
No on was on the street.
No one I know buys CDs anymore.
No one I know can afford to eat out anymore.
No one I know can do that.
No one I know does that.
No one I know enjoys doing that.
No one I know goes there any more.
No one I know goes there anymore.
No one I know had to do that.
No one I know has been to Australia.
No one I know has done that.
No one I know has to do that.
No one I know is able to do that.
No one I know knows how to do that.
No one I know likes Tom anymore.
No one I know likes Tom.
No one I know likes doing that.
No one I know likes to do that.
No one I know needed to do that.
No one I know needs to do that.
No one I know really enjoys doing that.
No one I know really likes doing that.
No one I know really wants to do that.
No one I know studies French.
No one I know talks to Tom anymore.
No one I know teaches French.
No one I know trusts Tom.
No one I know wanted to do that.
No one I know wants to do that.
No one I know wears a tie any more.
No one I know wears a tie anymore.
No one I know went to Australia.
No one I know would say something like that.
No one I know writes letters anymore.
No one achieved anything.
No one acquires knowledge worthy of respect by lying on a soft bed, but by hard and constant work.
No one acted surprised.
No one acts like that.
No one actually understood what the teacher expected us to do.
No one admires Tom more than I do.
No one admires him more than I do.
No one agreed with Tom.
No one agreed with her.
No one agreed with him.
No one agreed with me.
No one agreed with you, did they?
No one among them looks like their father.
No one among them spoke a word.
No one answered him.
No one answered my question.
No one answered my questions.
No one answered the door.
No one answered the phone.
No one answered the question.
No one answered.
No one answers.
No one anticipated such resistance.
No one anticipated that Tom was going to take his life.
No one appeared to be around.
No one appeared who wanted to come to our aid.
No one applauded Ziri.
No one appreciates your humor.
No one approaches the goddess.
No one approved the proposal.
No one arrived late.
No one arrived.
No one asked Tom why he'd been in the hospital.
No one asked Tom.
No one asked about me.
No one asked any questions.
No one asked for my opinion.
No one asked for their money back.
No one asked for your help.
No one asked for your opinion.
No one asked him.
No one asked how Tom was doing.
No one asked me any questions.
No one asked me for anything.
No one asked me if I liked it or not.
No one asked me if I wanted it.
No one asked me not to do that.
No one asked me not to do this.
No one asked me to come here.
No one asked me to stay.
No one asked me what I thought about that.
No one asked me what I thought.
No one asked me what I wanted to eat.
No one asked me what I wanted.
No one asked me where I wanted to go.
No one asked me whether I liked it or not.
No one asked me who you were.
No one asked me why I did that.
No one asked me, so I'm saying nothing.
No one asked us anything.
No one asked you for money.
No one asked you for your opinion.
No one asked you to come here.
No one asked you to do that.
No one asked you.
No one asked your opinion.
No one asks for us.
No one asks such questions except you.
No one asks to be born.
No one assaults Evangelicals on the basis of a presumed support for Israel.
No one at the airport would tell us anything about the crash.
No one at the party knew Tom had just gotten out of prison.
No one at the party knew that Tom had just gotten out of prison.
No one ate any of the cookies that I made.
No one ate anything.
No one ate the cake.
No one attacks me unpunished.
No one attacks me with impunity.
No one backed Tom up.
No one backed Ziri up.
No one bakes a finer apple pie than Emily.
No one behaves that way.
No one believed Tom would actually do that.
No one believed Tom's story.
No one believed her story.
No one believed her.
No one believed him.
No one believed his story.
No one believed in his innocence.
No one believed it would happen.
No one believed me at first.
No one believed me.
No one believed such a thing could happen.
No one believed that Donald and Jessica were related.
No one believed that Tom would actually do that.
No one believed that such a thing could happen.
No one believed that.
No one believed them.
No one believed they'd actually go and do it.
No one believed us at first.
No one believed us.
No one believed what I said.
No one believed what you said.
No one believed you at first.
No one believed you, did they?
No one believed you.
No one believes Tom.
No one believes anything Tom says.
No one believes he is innocent.
No one believes her.
No one believes him.
No one believes in me.
No one believes me.
No one believes she is innocent.
No one believes that Tom is innocent.
No one believes that any more.
No one believes that anymore.
No one believes that he is innocent.
No one believes that she is innocent.
No one believes that there's no meat in these dumplings.
No one believes that you're guilty.
No one believes the Western media.
No one believes the official numbers.
No one believes us.
No one believes what I said.
No one believes what Tom says anymore.
No one believes what Tom says.
No one believes what he says.
No one believes you're guilty.
No one believes you.
No one believes your story.
No one blamed Tom for that.
No one blames you for his death.
No one bothered me.
No one bought anything Tom and Mary were trying to sell.
No one bought anything Tom was trying to sell.
No one brought that up at all.
No one brought us anything.
No one but Tom agreed with me.
No one but Tom agrees with you.
No one but Tom and Mary do that.
No one but Tom and Mary were amused.
No one but Tom could do that.
No one but Tom did that.
No one but Tom does it.
No one but Tom does that.
No one but Tom handed back the report.
No one but Tom handed in the report.
No one but Tom is capable of doing that.
No one but Tom is capable of that.
No one but Tom knows what to do.
No one but Tom left early.
No one but Tom left.
No one but Tom noticed it.
No one but Tom survived.
No one but Tom waited.
No one but Tom was amused.
No one but a strong man is fit for the post.
No one but him handed in the report.
No one but me is allowed to do that!
No one but me is permitted to do that!
No one but us knew the truth.
No one but us was there.
No one but you asks questions like that.
No one but you asks such questions.
No one but you can decide.
No one but you can do that.
No one but you could have done it this well.
No one but you could've done it this well.
No one buys these anymore.
No one called Tom.
No one called Ziri.
No one called for designating the US a terrorist state for destroying Afghanistan, Iraq, and Libya to the ground.
No one called for labeling the US a state that sponsors terrorism for destroying Iraq to the ground and supporting terror groups in Syria and Libya.
No one called for labeling the US a terrorist state for destroying Afghanistan, Iraq, and Libya to the ground.
No one called for you!
No one called my attention to it.
No one called the police.
No one called.
No one calls anyone.
No one calls me Tom anymore.
No one came back alive from there.
No one came back.
No one came close to hitting the target.
No one came except Mary.
No one came except Tom.
No one came here.
No one came in.
No one came out to help.
No one came searching for Daniel.
No one came to Gustavo’s rescue.
No one came to Layla's rescue.
No one came to Lukas’s aid.
No one came to Tom's birthday party.
No one came to Tom's rescue.
No one came to help Tom.
No one came to help Yanni.
No one came to help me.
No one came to help us.
No one came to my concert.
No one came to my party.
No one came to rescue us.
No one came to save Yanni.
No one came to see me.
No one came to the cafe except Elias.
No one came to the party except John and Dick.
No one came to the party.
No one came to visit me.
No one came today.
No one came up here.
No one came while you were away.
No one came with me.
No one came yesterday except Tom and Mary.
No one came.
No one can achieve anything without effort.
No one can answer this question.
No one can approach him in wideness of knowledge.
No one can ask Ziri to leave.
No one can avert death.
No one can bake apple cake better than Emily can.
No one can bake apple cake better than Emily.
No one can be 100% objective.
No one can be a poet.
No one can be born a second time.
No one can be everywhere.
No one can be forced to give evidence against himself in court.
No one can be more wise than destiny.
No one can be short of time, unless they are outside the present moment, which is an absolute impossibility.
No one can be that disgusting.
No one can beat Sami at chess.
No one can beat Tom at chess.
No one can beat Yanni.
No one can beat you.
No one can blame Tom for this.
No one can blame Tom.
No one can blame me for that.
No one can blame you for being a little nervous.
No one can blame you for being a little scared.
No one can break our contract.
No one can break up true friendships.
No one can bring back a bygone era.
No one can bring back time gone by.
No one can bring time to a stop.
No one can buy happiness.
No one can cheat the system except the mobsters.
No one can come in here without our permission.
No one can come in without our permission.
No one can comfort you from your grief except yourself.
No one can confidently say that he will still be living tomorrow.
No one can control him.
No one can control their destiny.
No one can cope with him.
No one can dare to tell the ogre that his mouth stinks.
No one can deny that.
No one can deny the fact that fire burns.
No one can deny the fact that the earth is round.
No one can deny the fact that there is no smoke without fire.
No one can deny the fact.
No one can deny the unity of the Berber language.
No one can deny this fact.
No one can deny those facts.
No one can deprive of your human rights.
No one can destabilize Algeria.
No one can determine the amount of money we waste in a year.
No one can divide the territory of Algeria.
No one can do anything about it.
No one can do anything.
No one can do everything.
No one can do it but you.
No one can do it.
No one can do more than one thing at a time.
No one can do that apart from you.
No one can do that as well as Tom can.
No one can do that better than Tom.
No one can do that but you.
No one can do that.
No one can do the job better than Tom.
No one can do two things at the same time.
No one can dry another's tears without wetting his own hands.
No one can ease my heart.
No one can ease our hearts.
No one can ease their hearts.
No one can ease your hearts.
No one can enter without our permission.
No one can erase the Berber language from North Africa.
No one can escape growing old.
No one can escape their destiny.
No one can escape their fate.
No one can escape.
No one can extinguish a light that shines from within.
No one can figure it out.
No one can find fault with our new plan.
No one can find happiness without work. Woe betide the lazy fellow! Laziness is a serious illness and one must cure it immediately; yes, even from early childhood. If not, it will kill you in the end.
No one can force us to do that.
No one can force you to do anything against your will.
No one can foresee how that result will turn out.
No one can foretell the future.
No one can forgive them.
No one can get along with him.
No one can get in or out.
No one can get in.
No one can get me out of bed.
No one can get near the boss.
No one can get out of trouble as masterfully as Mark.
No one can get the front door open.
No one can go in there.
No one can go there without our permission.
No one can guess how many jellybeans are in this jar.
No one can guess what he's thinking now.
No one can have it all.
No one can have three different birth dates.
No one can hear me, apparently.
No one can hear us.
No one can hear what the old woman says because she keeps whispering.
No one can hear you, Tom.
No one can help Tom.
No one can help being wrong sometimes, but you can avoid being confident about your beliefs.
No one can help him now.
No one can help me now.
No one can help me.
No one can help us now.
No one can help us.
No one can help you now.
No one can help you, Tom.
No one can help you.
No one can help.
No one can hold a candle to you.
No one can imagine how rich Donald is.
No one can imagine what has become of him.
No one can justify the crime of ethnic cleansing that took place in Palestine.
No one can keep me from going there.
No one can keep you from going there.
No one can know everything.
No one can know this.
No one can know what the outcome will be.
No one can know.
No one can leave.
No one can live by and for himself.
No one can live for two hundred years.
No one can live to be two hundred years old.
No one can live without love.
No one can make me do something I don't want to do.
No one can make me happy.
No one can make this cake better than she can.
No one can make you feel inferior without your permission.
No one can master English if he doesn't make an effort.
No one can master English if he doesn’t make effort.
No one can match her in speaking French.
No one can match him at tennis.
No one can match him in English.
No one can move the big box.
No one can operate this machine.
No one can paddle against the stream of history.
No one can please everyone.
No one can predict exactly how the world will look in twelve year's time.
No one can predict exactly what surprises are in store tonight.
No one can predict the future.
No one can predict the outcome.
No one can predict what happens next.
No one can predict what will happen.
No one can predict what'll happen.
No one can predict when the war is going to end.
No one can predict where lightning will strike.
No one can protect you.
No one can question the existence of Berber.
No one can question the existence of the Berber language.
No one can question the profound structural unity of the Berber language.
No one can question the unity of the Berber language.
No one can read the book without crying.
No one can really know what's going on inside your head if you don't tell them.
No one can really play Algeria and Morocco against each other.
No one can reasonably claim that gender transition is experimental in the year 2023. It's older than MRIs.
No one can remember his last name exactly.
No one can remember his last name.
No one can replace you.
No one can rescue me from this mausoleum.
No one can resist Tom's charm.
No one can resist.
No one can run as fast as Tom can.
No one can run as fast as Tom.
No one can run faster than Tom can.
No one can run faster than Tom.
No one can save you.
No one can say anything.
No one can say exactly what the world will be like in twelve year's time.
No one can say for sure how this awkward state of affairs came about.
No one can say that.
No one can say.
No one can scare us off.
No one can see Tom.
No one can see her.
No one can see him.
No one can see it.
No one can see the kingdom of God unless he is born again.
No one can see.
No one can separate them.
No one can serve two masters. Either you will hate the one and love the other, or you will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and money.
No one can solve this problem.
No one can spell "spaghetti."
No one can stand Tom.
No one can stand against Tom.
No one can stand him.
No one can stand you!
No one can step twice into the same river.
No one can stop Algeria's economic growth.
No one can stop Berber.
No one can stop Tom.
No one can stop Ziri.
No one can stop her.
No one can stop him.
No one can stop it.
No one can stop me from doing that.
No one can stop me from going there.
No one can stop me now.
No one can stop me.
No one can stop others from mentioning the scientific fact that women don't have penises.
No one can stop the development of Berber.
No one can stop the progress of the Berber language in North Africa.
No one can stop the rise of Algeria.
No one can stop the time from passing.
No one can stop this eviction.
No one can stop time.
No one can stop us now.
No one can stop us.
No one can stop you from doing that.
No one can stop you now.
No one can stop you.
No one can take that away from us.
No one can tell me that if it had been a group of Black Lives Matter protestors yesterday that they wouldn't have been treated very differently than the mob that stormed the Capitol.
No one can tell the reason.
No one can tell what may turn up tomorrow.
No one can tell what'll happen in the future.
No one can tell what’ll happen in the future.
No one can tell when the war will end.
No one can tell.
No one can transcend their own individuality.
No one can turn the clock back.
No one can undermine your impact at work.
No one can understand Mark's academic papers.
No one can understand how the accident happened.
No one can understand it.
No one can understand my sorrow.
No one can understand you.
No one can understand your letter.
No one can wear a mask for very long.
No one can wear mascara for too long.
No one can work under such brutal conditions.
No one cared about you.
No one cared to ask.
No one cared.
No one cares about Hunter Biden.
No one cares about Robert's doodles anyways.
No one cares about Tom.
No one cares about Ziri.
No one cares about it any more.
No one cares about me.
No one cares about open source software.
No one cares about that any more.
No one cares about that anymore.
No one cares about that.
No one cares about the very real threat of meteor strikes.
No one cares about us.
No one cares about you.
No one cares about your conscience.
No one cares about your family, old fart.
No one cares about your opinion.
No one cares any more.
No one cares how you feel.
No one cares if I die or not.
No one cares that you did a water bottle flip.
No one cares what I think.
No one cares what Tom does.
No one cares what Tom thinks.
No one cares what Ziri thinks.
No one cares what he thinks.
No one cares what she thinks.
No one cares what you do.
No one cares what you think.
No one cares whether I die or not.
No one cares whether Tom wins or not.
No one cares, Tom.
No one cares.
No one caught on to the joke.
No one challenged us.
No one cheated.
No one cheered me up when I was sad.
No one claims that he's a saint.
No one closed their eyes.
No one comes to visit me anymore.
No one comes to visit us anymore.
No one comforted her when she was sad.
No one comforted him when he was sad.
No one comforted me when I was sad.
No one committed a bigger mistake than the one who did nothing as he could only do a little.
No one complained about it.
No one complained about that.
No one complained.
No one complains.
No one conceived his words to be important.
No one considered Mary worthy of praise.
No one considered Mennad for the position.
No one consoled me when I was sad.
No one contradicted Tom.
No one contributed more to the understanding of dreams than Freud.
No one contributes more to the entertainment at a party than the people who aren't there.
No one correctly predicted the repercussions of these policies.
No one could account for his poor examination results.
No one could answer Tom's question.
No one could answer her question.
No one could answer my questions.
No one could answer that question.
No one could be sure what would happen then.
No one could believe it.
No one could believe the magnitude of the tragedy.
No one could believe they were false.
No one could buy anything.
No one could catch the dog.
No one could compare to Tom in hard work and dedication.
No one could corroborate Tom's alibi.
No one could deny this.
No one could do that.
No one could ever steal my desire to fly!
No one could find Tom.
No one could find the answer.
No one could find the cave.
No one could fit through that opening.
No one could follow the professor's explanation.
No one could get across the river.
No one could get in the building.
No one could get in.
No one could get out.
No one could get the better of him in an argument.
No one could give me what I really wanted.
No one could give me what I wanted.
No one could go anywhere.
No one could guess why that thing had happened to him.
No one could have done that.
No one could have expected this outcome.
No one could have foreseen that.
No one could have helped.
No one could have known this was going to happen.
No one could have known.
No one could have opted for a worse situation.
No one could have predicted that.
No one could have predicted this outcome.
No one could have predicted this.
No one could have seen this coming.
No one could have stopped Tom from doing that.
No one could have stopped me.
No one could have stopped that.
No one could hear Linda's screams.
No one could hear Ziri.
No one could hear what Tom was saying.
No one could hear what he said.
No one could imagine what Sami was capable of.
No one could imagine.
No one could make the princess laugh.
No one could mistake this inimical gang for an impartial jury.
No one could predict the outcome of this cooperation.
No one could predict this.
No one could prove anything.
No one could question Elijah Muhammad.
No one could see Tom.
No one could see it.
No one could see us.
No one could sleep that night.
No one could solve such an abstruse problem.
No one could solve the problem after all.
No one could solve the problem.
No one could solve the puzzle.
No one could stand the new history teacher – no one, that is, except Tom.
No one could stop Tom.
No one could stop him from fear of his anger.
No one could survive a fall like that.
No one could tell me why that happened.
No one could tell where he was.
No one could tell where she was.
No one could think of anything else.
No one could turn down their invitation.
No one could understand her.
No one could understand him on account of his strong accent.
No one could understand him.
No one could work.
No one could've done it better.
No one could've done that.
No one could've foreseen that.
No one could've helped.
No one could've imagined a few years ago that it would come to this.
No one could've imagined that Tom would die before Mary.
No one could've known this was going to happen.
No one could've predicted that.
No one could've predicted this.
No one could've stopped Tom from doing that.
No one could've stopped me.
No one could've stopped that.
No one cried.
No one criticizes her and lives.
No one criticizes him and lives.
No one criticizes me and lives.
No one dances sober, unless he is insane.
No one dances sober.
No one dared take the lift to the top floor.
No one dared to approach Tom, as he had a knife in his hand.
No one dared to say a word.
No one dared to speak.
No one dared to stop Tom.
No one dared to tell him, when the Ogress, all enraged to see what had happened, threw herself head foremost into the tub, and was instantly devoured by the ugly creatures she had ordered to be thrown into it to kill the others. The King was of course very sorry, for she was his mother; but he soon comforted himself with his beautiful wife and his pretty children.
No one dares order me around!
No one dares to argue with Tom.
No one dares to contradict her.
No one dares to contradict him.
No one dares to contradict his employer for fear of being fired.
No one deigned to bring me a cup of tea.
No one deserves his torments.
No one deserves my vote.
No one deserves that.
No one deserves to be treated like that.
No one determines my fate.
No one did anything but dance.
No one did anything else.
No one did that except Tom.
No one did that.
No one did what they were supposed to do.
No one died today.
No one died.
No one dies.
No one disagreed with Tom.
No one disagreed.
No one does it better than I do in my learning of English.
No one does that alone.
No one does that any more.
No one does that anymore.
No one does that better than Tom.
No one does that here.
No one does that other than you.
No one does that.
No one does this job better than Tom.
No one doubted that.
No one doubts Tom will come soon.
No one doubts Tom will do that tomorrow.
No one doubts Tom will enjoy doing that.
No one doubts Tom.
No one doubts her fitness for the post.
No one doubts his suitability for this post.
No one doubts that Tom will come soon.
No one doubts that Tom will do that tomorrow.
No one doubts that Tom will enjoy doing that.
No one doubts that you'll be able to pass the examination.
No one doubts you'll be able to pass the examination.
No one dwells in this house.
No one earns a billion dollars.
No one eats meat here.
No one else at the party spoke French.
No one else came to the meeting.
No one else can do it.
No one else can fill that job.
No one else could do my work.
No one else could find Tom, but I knew exactly where he was.
No one else got it.
No one else got the joke.
No one else has complained.
No one else has one of these.
No one else heard the knock.
No one else heard those noises.
No one else is around.
No one else is coming to look for you.
No one else is coming today, I reckon.
No one else is coming.
No one else is here.
No one else is like you.
No one else knows how to do it.
No one else knows how to do that.
No one else knows it.
No one else knows this.
No one else knows what else Yanni is capable of.
No one else knows what he's talking about.
No one else knows what it's like to be me.
No one else laughed.
No one else looks bothered.
No one else needs to die.
No one else noticed that Tom had snuck into the room.
No one else recognized this.
No one else seemed to be amused.
No one else should be there.
No one else speaks French.
No one else spoke.
No one else twigged.
No one else understood.
No one else was brave enough to speak.
No one else was hurt.
No one else was in the room.
No one else was injured.
No one else was on board at the time.
No one else was there to do that.
No one else was there.
No one else will be coming.
No one else will come.
No one else will do that.
No one else will make you a better offer.
No one else would help Tom.
No one else would help us.
No one else would've understood this.
No one encouraged Tom.
No one encouraged her.
No one encouraged him.
No one enters heaven except through philosophy.
No one equals him in intelligence.
No one escaped alive.
No one escaped.
No one escapes from that place.
No one even believed Matthew.
No one even blinked.
No one even noticed.
No one even spoke to Boldi.
No one even spoke to Tom.
No one ever asked Tom why he was late.
No one ever asked how I was doing.
No one ever asked me how I felt.
No one ever asked me to do that.
No one ever asked me what I thought.
No one ever asked me what I wanted to do.
No one ever asked me what I wanted.
No one ever asked me where I'd been.
No one ever asked.
No one ever believed me.
No one ever believed you.
No one ever believes me.
No one ever calls her Layla. Everyone calls her 'Mama.'
No one ever came to see me in the hospital.
No one ever came.
No one ever changes.
No one ever comes here.
No one ever comes to visit me.
No one ever comes to visit us.
No one ever complained about him.
No one ever dares contradict him.
No one ever died thinking, "I didn't write enough comments on the internet."
No one ever died thinking, "I should have read more internet comments."
No one ever doubted Tom would win.
No one ever doubted that Tom would win.
No one ever escapes from this prison.
No one ever gives Donald anything.
No one ever goes there anymore.
No one ever has the perfect words.
No one ever helps anyone.
No one ever knew the true story except the three of us.
No one ever leaves that castle.
No one ever leaves this place alive.
No one ever listens to me.
No one ever noticed.
No one ever notices second place. Either you're a winner or you're nobody.
No one ever prosecutes a company that big.
No one ever really changes.
No one ever really knows what goes on behind closed doors.
No one ever really knows what's going through someone else's head.
No one ever really leaves you.
No one ever said smut was unprofitable.
No one ever saw her again.
No one ever saw him again.
No one ever saw such a thing.
No one ever seizes power with the intention of relinquishing it.
No one ever taught me anything.
No one ever taught me something like that.
No one ever tells me anything around here.
No one ever tells me anything.
No one ever tells us anything.
No one ever truly knows what the future holds.
No one ever visits me.
No one ever visits us.
No one ever wants to play music with Tom.
No one excels him in English.
No one except Tom agreed to do that.
No one except Tom came.
No one except Tom could do that.
No one except Tom did that.
No one except Tom knows what Mary told him.
No one except Tom knows what really happened.
No one except Tom survived.
No one except Tom will be able to do that.
No one expected Tom to arrive on time.
No one expected Tom to react that way.
No one expected Tom to win.
No one expected anything from you.
No one expected her to win.
No one expected him to announce his candidacy again.
No one expected him to be a candidate again.
No one expected him to win.
No one expected it to end like this.
No one expected it to end this way.
No one expected much.
No one expected that to happen.
No one expected them to win.
No one expected this from Tom.
No one expected this.
No one expects friendliness these days.
No one expects us to win.
No one expects you to be interesting all the time.
No one expects you to get straight As all the time.
No one explained anything to us.
No one explained it to him.
No one explained it.
No one explained that to me.
No one explained what Fadil was doing there.
No one feels displeased when he is praised.
No one feels like fighting.
No one felt like leaving.
No one fights against liberty; at most they may fight against the liberty of others.
No one fights with us any longer.
No one finds this interesting.
No one fires until I give the order.
No one flinched.
No one followed Tom.
No one followed Yuri.
No one followed me.
No one followed us.
No one followed you.
No one forced Tom to agree to do that.
No one forced Tom to do that.
No one forced me to do it.
No one forced me to do that.
No one forced me to do this.
No one forced you to do anything.
No one forced you to do that.
No one forces you to do it.
No one forgot their assignment, did they?
No one found any reason to criticize his actions.
No one found his explanation convincing.
No one from Tom's family attended the wedding.
No one fucks with me.
No one gave Tom a chance.
No one gave her a chance.
No one gave him a good chance.
No one gave up hope.
No one gave us anything.
No one gets evil because of their feelings.
No one gets in this room.
No one gives a fuck.
No one gives a shit.
No one gives me anything.
No one gives me orders.
No one goes there any more.
No one goes there anymore.
No one goes to Australia anymore.
No one goes to Boston anymore.
No one goes to the library any more.
No one goes to the library anymore.
No one goes willingly toward the bad.
No one got arrested last night.
No one got hurt.
No one got killed.
No one got sick.
No one greeted Tom.
No one had a chance.
No one had a clue who I was.
No one had a flashlight.
No one had a torch.
No one had an answer.
No one had any better ideas, unfortunately.
No one had any idea that Tom was in Boston.
No one had any idea what I wanted.
No one had any money.
No one had any problems.
No one had any questions about the plan.
No one had anything left to say.
No one had anything to do, so we ended up watching movies.
No one had even seen something like it.
No one had even the faintest idea what might have happened.
No one had ever asked Mary out before.
No one had ever asked Tom that before.
No one had ever asked Tom that question before.
No one had ever asked me out before.
No one had ever called me a coward before.
No one had ever heard of that.
No one had ever said anything of the sort to me.
No one had ever seen anything like it.
No one had ever seen the like.
No one had ever spoken to me like this.
No one had ever thought of selling ice before.
No one had ever told me that they loved me before.
No one had ever tried to supply such a large city by air.
No one had much of an appetite.
No one had really understood, but everyone nodded as if it was all totally clear.
No one had really understood, but everyone nodded as though it were all totally clear.
No one had said that to Daniel before.
No one had seen anything.
No one had seen her around.
No one had seen her.
No one had slept on that bed.
No one had the guts to open their mouths.
No one had the guts to say anything.
No one had the heart to say he was wrong.
No one had the slightest idea of why kids died at that time.
No one had the temerity to speak out against those war crimes.
No one had thought of that.
No one had to wait.
No one had umbrellas.
No one happened to be there.
No one has a birthday on this day.
No one has a perfect body.
No one has a plan to build a wall.
No one has a problem with that.
No one has a problem.
No one has a soul.
No one has a weapon.
No one has an answer.
No one has an explanation.
No one has any respect or manners, not only to the council, but to each other and the audience.
No one has anything tailored these days; everything is bought off the peg.
No one has anything.
No one has arrived yet, but we expect at least fifty students.
No one has arrived yet, but we're expecting about thirty people.
No one has arrived yet.
No one has asked for your opinion.
No one has asked me to do that yet.
No one has been able to crack the code.
No one has been able to find the answer.
No one has been able to reach the top of the mountain.
No one has been arrested for the robberies yet.
No one has been arrested yet.
No one has been arrested.
No one has been charged.
No one has been convicted of the crime yet.
No one has been convicted.
No one has been fired yet.
No one has been here.
No one has been hired yet.
No one has been hurt.
No one has been injured yet.
No one has been killed yet.
No one has been murdered.
No one has been punished yet.
No one has been sacked yet.
No one has been there in a very long time.
No one has called Dmitri out for his gluttony.
No one has called me today.
No one has called.
No one has claimed the prize.
No one has come forward to claim responsibility for what happened.
No one has come to see me in the hospital.
No one has come yet.
No one has come.
No one has complained about that yet.
No one has crossed that infernal desert in hundreds of years.
No one has died yet.
No one has died.
No one has died... yet.
No one has enough time to do that.
No one has ever asked Mary out on a date.
No one has ever asked me that before.
No one has ever asked me that question before.
No one has ever asked you to do that.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
No one has ever been able to do it.
No one has ever been able to do that.
No one has ever been able to enter the room.
No one has ever been able to solve this problem.
No one has ever been killed for their views on trans people, but people are often killed for being trans.
No one has ever been killed or injured by cancel culture.
No one has ever been there and lived to tell the tale.
No one has ever been there.
No one has ever been tortured the way Sami was.
No one has ever called Christopher Columbus "Chris" and lived to do it a second time.
No one has ever called into question my decisions.
No one has ever come back from there.
No one has ever complained about that.
No one has ever died from rest.
No one has ever done anything like this before.
No one has ever done anything like this for me before.
No one has ever done it before.
No one has ever done that before.
No one has ever done this before.
No one has ever escaped to fate.
No one has ever found gold here.
No one has ever gone into heaven except the one who came from heaven â€“ the Son of man.
No one has ever gone into heaven except the one who came from heaven – the Son of man.
No one has ever gone there before.
No one has ever kissed Tom.
No one has ever kissed me.
No one has ever lied on the Internet.
No one has ever made me feel like this before.
No one has ever made me feel so insulted in my entire life.
No one has ever managed to play better than him.
No one has ever managed to pull off that trick before.
No one has ever pleased everyone.
No one has ever ridden a horse here before.
No one has ever said anything like that to me before.
No one has ever said no to David.
No one has ever said such a beautiful thing to me before.
No one has ever said such a nice thing to me before.
No one has ever said such things to me.
No one has ever seen God.
No one has ever seen men frequenting her home.
No one has ever shown me anything like this.
No one has ever spoken to me like this.
No one has ever told me that before.
No one has ever told you that before, have they?
No one has ever written in this language.
No one has explained anything to me.
No one has failed.
No one has forgotten to do the homework, right?
No one has gotten it yet.
No one has heard Tom say Mary's name.
No one has heard about this.
No one has heard from Sami since Friday morning.
No one has heard from Tom since.
No one has heard of you.
No one has lived in this house for years.
No one has lived in this house since 2013.
No one has managed to please everyone.
No one has objected to my doing that.
No one has paid yet.
No one has panicked.
No one has phoned him.
No one has phoned.
No one has raised his hand.
No one has resigned yet.
No one has rung him.
No one has rung.
No one has said a word.
No one has seen Fadil.
No one has seen Tom for a while.
No one has seen Tom for three days.
No one has seen Tom for years.
No one has seen Tom recently.
No one has seen Tom since then.
No one has seen Tom since this morning.
No one has seen Tom since yesterday morning.
No one has seen Tom since.
No one has seen Tom today.
No one has seen Tom.
No one has seen a more handsome man.
No one has seen anything.
No one has seen her for years.
No one has seen her.
No one has seen him for years.
No one has seen him recently.
No one has seen him since then.
No one has seen him since.
No one has seen him.
No one has seen me.
No one has seen the bird fly.
No one has seen them for years.
No one has seen them.
No one has seen this person.
No one has seen us.
No one has seen you.
No one has shown up as yet, but we're expecting at least 50 students.
No one has shown up as yet, but we’re expecting at least 50 students.
No one has spoken up.
No one has succeeded in solving the mystery.
No one has taken responsibility.
No one has that right.
No one has the answer.
No one has the right to ban the Berber flag in Algeria.
No one has the right to be so cruel.
No one has the right to beat you and make you feel insignificant.
No one has the right to blame me.
No one has the right to control your life, tell you what to do, or tell you when to do it.
No one has the right to deprive me of my freedom.
No one has the right to expel Dan from this country.
No one has the right to preach abstinence.
No one has the right to question Algeria's national unity.
No one has the right to take a life.
No one has the right to tell me different.
No one has the right to tell me how I can spend my own money.
No one has the right to tell me what I can and can't do with my body.
No one has the right to tell me what kinds of clothes I can wear.
No one has the right to tell me what to do.
No one has the right to tell me who I can and can't love.
No one has the right to tell us that we're wrong.
No one has the right to tell you how to act.
No one has the right to tell you how to live your life.
No one has the right to tell you how to raise your child.
No one has the right to tell you otherwise.
No one has the right to tell you that their life is harder than yours.
No one has the right to tell you what kinds of people you can hang around with.
No one has the right to tell you what to do.
No one has the right to treat you like this.
No one has the time to do things correctly.
No one has their feet on the ground more than I do.
No one has time for that anymore.
No one has time for that kind of thing anymore.
No one has time for that sort of thing.
No one has time for that.
No one has to help. And no one helps.
No one has to know.
No one has told Mary what she has to do.
No one has told Tom and Mary what they have to do.
No one has told Tom what he has to do.
No one has told me anything.
No one has told us anything.
No one has tried this before.
No one has understood it yet.
No one has used that building since 2013.
No one has voted yet.
No one has yet found the fountain of eternal youth.
No one has yet found the fountain of youth.
No one hates children more than the right.
No one hates freedom more than the right.
No one heard Igor's screams.
No one heard Tom enter the room.
No one heard Tom scream.
No one heard Tom's screams for help.
No one heard anything.
No one heard from Ziri's wife.
No one heard or saw anything.
No one heard the shot.
No one helped Gunter up.
No one helped Mennad.
No one helped Oleg.
No one helped Tom do that.
No one helped Tom.
No one helped her.
No one helped him.
No one helped me do this.
No one helped me when I was in trouble.
No one helped me.
No one helped this desire of mine; everyone was against it.
No one helped us, not even Tom.
No one helped us.
No one helps Tom, but he never complains.
No one helps Vladimir financially.
No one helps anyone.
No one here asked for Tom's opinion.
No one here believes Tom anymore.
No one here can swim.
No one here dances as well as you do.
No one here dances as well as you.
No one here does that anymore.
No one here does that.
No one here eats meat.
No one here even tried to do that.
No one here has a car.
No one here knows anything.
No one here knows me.
No one here knows my name.
No one here knows my real name.
No one here knows that we're cousins.
No one here knows what Tom and Mary look like.
No one here likes Tom much.
No one here pays.
No one here seems to want our help.
No one here speaks French.
No one here tells me anything.
No one here tried to do that.
No one here wants to hurt Tom.
No one here wants to talk about that.
No one here will betray you.
No one hugged Tom.
No one hugs Tom anymore.
No one in Algeria can legally buy this.
No one in Mary's class likes her.
No one in Tom's class can run as fast as him.
No one in Tom's class likes him.
No one in Tom's family can drive.
No one in Tom's family wears glasses.
No one in her family wears hijab.
No one in his class can run as fast as he.
No one in his class can run faster than he does.
No one in his class is faster than he is.
No one in his class was able to solve the problem.
No one in his right mind wants anything to do with a domestic quarrel.
No one in human history has fumbled the bag so hard as Asa.
No one in my car was hurt.
No one in my family can do that.
No one in my family can play a musical instrument.
No one in my family is a musician.
No one in my family is sick.
No one in my family sings very well.
No one in my family sings.
No one in my family smokes.
No one in my family snores.
No one in my family wears hijab.
No one in the class runs as fast as he does.
No one in the neighborhood believed him to be a genius even after he had achieved world-wide fame.
No one in the room could speak French.
No one in the room seemed happy.
No one in the store could speak French.
No one in the village knew that the soldiers were taking aim at their village.
No one in their right mind would do that.
No one in their right mind would do this.
No one in their right mind would live in a place like this.
No one in their right mind would walk in those woods at night.
No one in this company can do secret things.
No one informed me of his failure.
No one interrupted the speaker.
No one invited Tom to the party.
No one invited Tom, but he came anyway.
No one invited Tom.
No one invited her.
No one invited them.
No one invited you to the party.
No one is "becoming" trans to escape homophobia; trans people are treated worse than gay people.
No one is a prophet in their own land.
No one is able to realize their dreams without persistence.
No one is able to run as fast as Tom.
No one is able to thwart this.
No one is about to leave.
No one is above him.
No one is above the law.
No one is accompanying us.
No one is actually experiencing reality thanks to the oligarchy of billionaires.
No one is actually like that.
No one is allowed in here.
No one is allowed in there.
No one is allowed in without our permission.
No one is allowed to do that.
No one is allowed to go there.
No one is allowed to leave this building.
No one is allowed to see Tom now.
No one is allowed to see Tom until Monday.
No one is allowed to see Tom.
No one is allowed to touch that.
No one is allowed to translate this sentence.
No one is allowed.
No one is amused.
No one is answering.
No one is around.
No one is as blind as someone who does not want to see.
No one is as unhappy as I am.
No one is asking the US to preserve democracy in the world. People have brains and can think for themselves and certainly without the help of US bombs and US-sponsored terror groups.
No one is asking you to adopt that view.
No one is asking you to eat that.
No one is asking you.
No one is asleep.
No one is at fault.
No one is at home.
No one is available at the moment.
No one is being sacked.
No one is better at this than I am.
No one is better at this than Tom.
No one is better at this than me.
No one is better at this than you.
No one is born hating another person because of the colour of his skin, or his background, or his religion. People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite.
No one is born knowing everything.
No one is born to suffer.
No one is born wise, but many die stupid.
No one is born without faults.
No one is bound to the impossible, except me!
No one is calling the police.
No one is calling you a thief.
No one is capable of predicting the rage of nature.
No one is caring for this patient.
No one is challenging Netanyahu on his lies.
No one is closing the doors here.
No one is coming to look for you.
No one is coming to save you.
No one is coming with me.
No one is coming.
No one is dead.
No one is defending my country.
No one is doing anything.
No one is doubting your courage.
No one is downstairs.
No one is easy to please all the time.
No one is eating.
No one is ethnically pure.
No one is even listening.
No one is ever going to love me.
No one is expected to come to work if they're sick.
No one is expendable.
No one is forcing you into this.
No one is forcing you to do it.
No one is forcing you to do this.
No one is forcing you to eat it.
No one is forcing you to.
No one is free from faults.
No one is free from worldly cares.
No one is free; even the birds are chained to the sky.
No one is going to be thinking that.
No one is going to believe in it.
No one is going to betray you here.
No one is going to come back.
No one is going to die here.
No one is going to die.
No one is going to harm you.
No one is going to help us.
No one is going to hurt you.
No one is going to judge you.
No one is going to kick Ziri out.
No one is going to know.
No one is going to shoot me.
No one is going to show up.
No one is going to stop me.
No one is going to stop us.
No one is going to stop you.
No one is going to take her.
No one is going to tell Mary that she can't do that.
No one is going to tell Tom and Mary that they can't do that.
No one is going to tell Tom that he can't do that.
No one is going to understand you.
No one is going with me.
No one is gonna take me seriously now.
No one is gonna want to touch me.
No one is good, except God.
No one is having more fun than Tom.
No one is here apart from us.
No one is here but us.
No one is here to take your call.
No one is here.
No one is here. They are all outside.
No one is here. They've all left.
No one is holding a gun to your head.
No one is home.
No one is illegal.
No one is immortal.
No one is in a better position to do that than Tom.
No one is in charge of your happiness except you.
No one is in favor of this proposal.
No one is in the bathroom.
No one is in the lobby.
No one is in the office at the moment.
No one is in the room.
No one is in your room.
No one is indispensable.
No one is infallible, except Marina.
No one is infallible. Not even those who think they are, are.
No one is innocent.
No one is inside.
No one is interested in doing that.
No one is interested in that topic.
No one is interested in that.
No one is interested.
No one is invasive in the house of God.
No one is invulnerable.
No one is irreplaceable.
No one is judging you here.
No one is laughing.
No one is listening to Tom.
No one is listening to her.
No one is listening to him.
No one is listening to me.
No one is listening to the conference.
No one is listening to them.
No one is listening to us.
No one is listening to you.
No one is listening.
No one is looking after this patient.
No one is missing.
No one is more dangerous than a fool with a large vocabulary.
No one is more determined than I am.
No one is more fortunate than the one who believes in his luck.
No one is more hardworking than you all.
No one is more hated than he who speaks the truth.
No one is more humble than I.
No one is more loyal to you than I am.
No one is more open to being proven wrong than scientists and scholars.
No one is more universally despised than the fence-sitter, a person who refuses to take a position but criticizes that of everyone else.
No one is near.
No one is obliged to do more than he or she can.
No one is obliged to do more than they are able.
No one is obliged to do more than they can.
No one is obliged to do more than what he or she can.
No one is on the point of departure.
No one is on the same level as God.
No one is out of the woods yet.
No one is perfect at it.
No one is perfect, and certainly not me.
No one is perfect, who does not desire to be more perfect.
No one is perfect.
No one is permitted to build on the county land.
No one is permitted to do that.
No one is permitted to enter this building.
No one is permitted to translate this sentence.
No one is planning to build a wall.
No one is quite sure what will happen.
No one is quite sure what'll happen.
No one is quite sure.
No one is racially pure.
No one is rational.
No one is required to adopt our model, but nor can anyone impose theirs on us.
No one is responding.
No one is responsible for what happens to him.
No one is rich enough to buy back his own past.
No one is right all the time, including you.
No one is safe from a mob.
No one is safe from his criticism.
No one is safe from my wrath.
No one is saved from death.
No one is saying it doesn't exist.
No one is saying that.
No one is self-made.
No one is so busy that they can't find time to read.
No one is so foolish as to believe what he says.
No one is so learned that he can know all things.
No one is so old but he can learn.
No one is so old that he does not want to live another year, nor so young that he can not die today.
No one is so poor that he cannot afford to be neat.
No one is so young that he can not die today.
No one is speaking.
No one is supposed to be here.
No one is supposed to know about that yet.
No one is sure exactly how many illegal immigrants are in the United States at the moment, though most estimates are in the eight to ten million range. Officials involved in drafting the president's proposal say there is room for all of them in the temporary worker program if enough jobs become available. They say workers who participate in the program are not precluded from applying for permanent residency or a green card. But these officials make clear participants will have no advantage over would-be immigrants applying from abroad.
No one is sure exactly how this word should be spelled.
No one is sure exactly why that happened.
No one is sure how many people died.
No one is sure what this is.
No one is swimming in the pool.
No one is talking about the Minsk Agreements.
No one is talking.
No one is that lucky.
No one is there but Tom.
No one is there.
No one is threatening you.
No one is thrilled.
No one is to blame for it.
No one is to blame.
No one is to leave without permission.
No one is to leave.
No one is too old to learn French.
No one is too old to learn.
No one is trying to convert your wife to Islam.
No one is unbeatable.
No one is unluckier than I am.
No one is waiting at the bus stop. We may have missed the bus.
No one is waiting for me.
No one is waiting for you.
No one is watching us.
No one is wiser than time itself.
No one is without fault.
No one is working here today, except Tom.
No one is working. Everyone's watching the World Cup.
No one is working. Everyone’s watching the World Cup.
No one is, or will ever be, perfect.
No one kissed Tom.
No one kisses Tom anymore.
No one knew Felix was out there except Sandra.
No one knew I existed.
No one knew Tom and Mary were there.
No one knew Tom could speak French so well.
No one knew Tom couldn't speak French.
No one knew Tom had a dark side.
No one knew Tom had killed the dog.
No one knew Tom was a Canadian.
No one knew Tom was an ex-con.
No one knew Tom was going to do that.
No one knew Tom was in Boston.
No one knew Tom was sick.
No one knew Tom was the person who contributed most of the money.
No one knew Tom was there.
No one knew Tom wasn't a Canadian.
No one knew Tom wasn't going to be here.
No one knew Tom wasn't happy here.
No one knew Tom's French was good.
No one knew Tom's French was so good.
No one knew a thing.
No one knew about Boldi's secret addiction.
No one knew about her illness.
No one knew about his illness.
No one knew about his literary talent.
No one knew about it.
No one knew for certain how the accident happened.
No one knew his actual name. Everyone just called him Tom.
No one knew how it would end.
No one knew how much Tom loved Mary.
No one knew how to answer the question.
No one knew how to read.
No one knew if Tom would make it.
No one knew it was Tom who donated three million dollars to the orphanage.
No one knew it was there.
No one knew it was you that did that.
No one knew it was you.
No one knew it.
No one knew my real name when I was in college.
No one knew quite what to say.
No one knew that Tom could speak French so well.
No one knew that Tom couldn't speak French.
No one knew that Tom had a dark side.
No one knew that Tom was a Canadian.
No one knew that Tom was an ex-con.
No one knew that Tom was going to be here.
No one knew that Tom was going to do that.
No one knew that Tom was in Boston.
No one knew that Tom was the person who contributed most of the money.
No one knew that Tom wasn't a Canadian.
No one knew that Tom wasn't going to be here.
No one knew that Tom wasn't happy here.
No one knew that but Tom.
No one knew that but you.
No one knew that except Tom.
No one knew that it was Tom who donated three million dollars to the orphanage.
No one knew that it was Tom who'd killed the dog.
No one knew that the meeting would last so long.
No one knew that you were in Australia.
No one knew that you were in Boston.
No one knew that.
No one knew the answer.
No one knew the hacker's identity except John.
No one knew the identity of John Smith.
No one knew the reason he left.
No one knew the reason why he left.
No one knew the song that Tom requested.
No one knew what Tom and Mary were planning to do.
No one knew what Tom was planning to do.
No one knew what awaited us.
No one knew what happened.
No one knew what he was actually called. Everyone simply called him Tom.
No one knew what the alarm signaled when it sounded that afternoon, but, with the exception of those few unlucky enough to have been so engrossed in their work as to not notice it, everyone made it out of the building alive.
No one knew what to do.
No one knew what to expect next.
No one knew what to expect.
No one knew what was about to happen.
No one knew what was coming next.
No one knew what was going on.
No one knew what was happening.
No one knew where Tom lived.
No one knew where Tom was.
No one knew where Ziri went.
No one knew where she was.
No one knew who I was.
No one knew who Tom and Mary were.
No one knew who Tom was.
No one knew who did it.
No one knew who did that.
No one knew who he was.
No one knew who owned the land.
No one knew who she was.
No one knew who was in charge.
No one knew why Tom suddenly started screaming.
No one knew why he left the village.
No one knew why this happened.
No one knew why.
No one knew you were in Australia.
No one knew you were in Boston.
No one knew.
No one knows Agent 3's true identity.
No one knows I like you.
No one knows I'm a furry.
No one knows I'm here.
No one knows I'm polyamorous.
No one knows Kabylie better than me.
No one knows Morocco's true combat capability.
No one knows Tom and Mary are here.
No one knows Tom as well as I do.
No one knows Tom as well as I know him.
No one knows Tom hasn't done that.
No one knows Tom is here.
No one knows Tom.
No one knows about it.
No one knows about this place but you and me.
No one knows about this.
No one knows anyone.
No one knows anything about her.
No one knows anything about him.
No one knows anything about it.
No one knows anything about that.
No one knows anything about them.
No one knows anything.
No one knows apart from me.
No one knows better where the shoe is too tight than the person wearing it.
No one knows everything.
No one knows everything. That would be impossible.
No one knows exactly how many people considered themselves hippies.
No one knows exactly what to do.
No one knows exactly when Tom Jackson was born.
No one knows exactly when Zarathustra lived, but his origins are traditionally placed in the 6th century B.C. in the area of what is today north-eastern Iran.
No one knows exactly when we need to be there.
No one knows exactly where Layla is.
No one knows exactly where Tom Ashur was born.
No one knows exactly where Tom Jackson was born.
No one knows exactly where Tom and Mary are from.
No one knows exactly where Tom and Mary are going to go.
No one knows exactly where Tom and Mary are.
No one knows exactly where Tom and Mary want to go.
No one knows exactly where Tom is from.
No one knows exactly where Tom is going to go.
No one knows exactly where Tom is.
No one knows exactly where Tom wants to go.
No one knows exactly where Tom will go.
No one knows exactly where Toma bar Yonan was born.
No one knows for certain.
No one knows for sure when Tom Jackson was born.
No one knows for sure when a phenomenon of this magnitude will happen again.
No one knows for sure where this all began.
No one knows for sure.
No one knows he's sick.
No one knows he's still alive.
No one knows her address but him.
No one knows her name.
No one knows her.
No one knows him.
No one knows his address but Tom.
No one knows his address but her.
No one knows his name.
No one knows his real name.
No one knows how I feel.
No one knows how Tom did that.
No one knows how Tom got there.
No one knows how Tom will react to this.
No one knows how he has amassed his enormous fortune.
No one knows how he makes a living.
No one knows how it came to pass.
No one knows how it will end, do they?
No one knows how it works.
No one knows how it'll end.
No one knows how long the pandemic will last.
No one knows how long they'll live.
No one knows how many people Tom killed.
No one knows how many people died in that battle.
No one knows how the Great Pyramid of Giza was built.
No one knows how things will end.
No one knows how things will turn out.
No one knows how this will end.
No one knows how those who were born feel.
No one knows how those who were newly born feel.
No one knows how to do that.
No one knows how to fix this problem.
No one knows how to ruin someone's life like Tom does.
No one knows how to stop it.
No one knows how to think, but everyone's got an opinion ready.
No one knows how to think, but everyone’s got an opinion ready.
No one knows if he loves her or not.
No one knows if someone helped him.
No one knows it's you.
No one knows it.
No one knows just how big the Universe is.
No one knows just how many people died in the accident.
No one knows just how many people died in the avalanche.
No one knows me as well as Tom does.
No one knows me here.
No one knows me in Australia.
No one knows me like my brother does.
No one knows me like you do.
No one knows more than anyone else. We all know different things.
No one knows my broken dream.
No one knows my country.
No one knows my real name at college.
No one knows that I like you.
No one knows that Tom hasn't done that.
No one knows that Tom is back.
No one knows that Tom is here.
No one knows that better than I do.
No one knows that better than he does.
No one knows that better than her.
No one knows that better than him.
No one knows that better than she does.
No one knows that better than us.
No one knows that better than we do.
No one knows that better than you.
No one knows that it's you.
No one knows that we're cousins.
No one knows that we're here.
No one knows that you are in Australia.
No one knows that you're my cousin.
No one knows that.
No one knows the answer to these questions.
No one knows the answer.
No one knows the cause.
No one knows the fact.
No one knows the future.
