She saw it all.
She saw it through to the bitter end.
She saw it, too.
She saw jackals.
She saw many animals in the street.
She saw many animals on the way.
She saw many terrible things during the war.
She saw me enter the store.
She saw me kiss him.
She saw me kissing him.
She saw me through the window as she drove by.
She saw me.
She saw my name written on the wall.
She saw nothing.
She saw one once.
She saw play after play.
She saw red at that moment.
She saw right through him.
She saw some books lying on the piano.
She saw some guy she didn't know talking to him.
She saw somebody waiting for her next to the school.
She saw somebody.
She saw someone.
She saw something behind him.
She saw spirits going through walls.
She saw that she was all alone in the world.
She saw that the money wasn't there anymore.
She saw the battle.
She saw the bright sun and above her floated hundreds of beauteous ethereal beings through which she could see the white ship and the rosy heavens.
She saw the bulge in his jeans.
She saw the bus.
She saw the cat.
She saw the doctor.
She saw the dog attacking him.
She saw the file.
She saw the film just once.
She saw the film last night.
She saw the fruit in the garden ripen, and then gathered; she saw the snow melt on the mountain-tops, but she never saw the prince.
She saw the light.
She saw the lights of the town ahead.
She saw the movie with him.
She saw the movie.
She saw the news.
She saw the picture.
She saw the shabby little house, but she didn't hurry by.
She saw the shabby little house, but she didn’t hurry by.
She saw the shooter.
She saw the two men seat themselves side by side, and the footman close the door and take his place beside the chauffeur.
She saw the video.
She saw the whole thing.
She saw them next to your store.
She saw there what he had dreamed about.
She saw this film ONLY once.
She saw through my lie.
She saw two ships.
She saw us yesterday.
She saw you kissing him.
She saw you.
She says I make her nervous.
She says I need a fresh start.
She says I'm beautiful.
She says I'm handsome.
She says I'm pretty.
She says Islam is a bad religion.
She says Islam is a mean religion.
She says Pentecostal churches provide opportunities for leadership and instill discipline, helping people improve their prospects in a complex economy.
She says a sense of exile and longing cast a shadow over her girlhood and accounts for her lifelong devotion to social justice.
She says aliens had abducted her.
She says cold drinks will only make you hotter, because your body has to expend energy to bring the liquid to a warmer, more useable temperature.
She says data show within the continent, 70 percent of the overall migration is Intra-African; that is, Africans moving from one African country to another.
She says everyone she knows can swim.
She says growing numbers of people are engaging in risky behavior just to get something to eat and support their families.
She says he can take care of himself.
She says he lied to her.
She says he taught herself how to do that.
She says he will not give up smoking.
She says he'll wait for him.
She says he's going to turn herself in.
She says her left leg hurts.
She says her life is difficult, but that she has no choice than to be out here, under a broiling sun, hunched over, clawing at parched land.
She says her life is monotonous.
She says her organization, albeit a non-profit, has an economic impact that should be acknowledged.
She says her team is making improvements to their audio-analysis software so that they would be able to distinguish the flights that the bees make when they either leave or return to their colonies.
She says hurtful things to me sometimes.
She says if women were allowed to vote we would soon see a blessed change.
She says it is beautiful.
She says it's incredibly difficult for her to learn Berber.
She says life is dearer to her now and her first priority is raising her children and doing everything she can to live a healthy, productive life.
She says many producers traditionally use drug treatments and live parasite vaccines against coccidiosis. But the coccidia parasite is increasingly resistant to drug treatment. Also, some of the drugs used to treat the disease are antibiotics. Many people are concerned about antibiotics in animals because of the increasing problem of drug resistance in humans.
She says mosquitoes don't bother her.
She says oral sex is disgusting.
She says physically and mentally stimulating activities are an important part of the daily care of the animals. Trainers have a lot of tools, from tablet computers to small playthings.
She says researchers based their findings, in part, on an evaluation of ancient marine sediments in the Gulf of Aden, off the Somali coast.
She says saying things like "our product reduces your carbon footprint" is hopelessly vague and pompous.
She says she actually enjoys dancing.
She says she agrees with him.
She says she already feels better.
She says she also has to do that.
She says she also needs to do that.
She says she also wants to do that.
She says she always does it this way.
She says she believes in ghosts.
She says she believes she can do that.
She says she believes she can win.
She says she brushes her teeth every morning.
She says she can afford it.
She says she can already do that.
She says she can change that.
She says she can do that already.
She says she can do that blindfolded.
She says she can do that by herself.
She says she can do that for you.
She says she can do that today.
She says she can fix anything.
She says she can help us today.
She says she can help us.
She says she can pay for it.
She says she can predict the future.
She says she can see ghosts.
She says she can see into the future.
She says she can swim well.
She says she can trace her ancestors back about 300 years.
She says she can wait a long time.
She says she can write songs.
She says she can't believe anybody.
She says she can't do that yet.
She says she can't do that.
She says she can't eat any more.
She says she can't eat nuts.
She says she can't find her hat.
She says she can't go any further.
She says she can't hear anything.
She says she can't help.
She says she can't imagine life without him.
She says she can't play billiards, but she wins every time. It must be beginner's luck.
She says she can't put up with this noise any longer.
She says she can't remember things.
She says she can't sing well.
She says she can't sing.
She says she can't sleep.
She says she can't speak French.
She says she can't stand doing that.
She says she can't stay for dinner.
She says she can't stay long.
She says she can't trust anybody.
She says she can't trust herself.
She says she can't wait any longer.
She says she can't wait that long.
She says she can't walk another step.
She says she can't walk any further.
She says she can't win.
She says she comes here every year.
She says she cooks well.
She says she declined that deal.
She says she definitely won't win.
She says she despises him.
She says she did it for the money.
She says she did just fine.
She says she did nothing illegal.
She says she did nothing wrong.
She says she did that for the money.
She says she did that last week.
She says she did that.
She says she didn't agree to do that.
She says she didn't cry.
She says she didn't do it.
She says she didn't do that.
She says she didn't have a lawyer.
She says she didn't have insurance.
She says she didn't have to do that.
She says she didn't hit him.
She says she didn't know about it.
She says she didn't know what to do.
She says she didn't mean to kill him.
She says she didn't need to do that.
She says she didn't plan to do that.
She says she didn't see anybody.
She says she didn't see anything.
She says she didn't study French.
She says she didn't swim.
She says she didn't want to do that.
She says she didn't win.
She says she does that a lot.
She says she does that.
She says she doesn't blame us.
She says she doesn't buy that.
She says she doesn't care at all.
She says she doesn't do that anymore.
She says she doesn't do that.
She says she doesn't ever do that.
She says she doesn't ever win.
She says she doesn't feel tired.
She says she doesn't feel well today.
She says she doesn't have a lawyer.
She says she doesn't have insurance.
She says she doesn't have to do that.
She says she doesn't know any French.
She says she doesn't know anything about him.
She says she doesn't know anything.
She says she doesn't know him.
She says she doesn't know the answer.
She says she doesn't know what to do.
She says she doesn't know.
She says she doesn't like children.
She says she doesn't like doing that.
She says she doesn't like him.
She says she doesn't like money.
She says she doesn't like to do that.
She says she doesn't mind.
She says she doesn't need money.
She says she doesn't need our help.
She says she doesn't need to do that.
She says she doesn't plan to do that.
She says she doesn't remember him.
She says she doesn't remember much.
She says she doesn't snore.
She says she doesn't speak French.
She says she doesn't study French.
She says she doesn't swim.
She says she doesn't think she snores.
She says she doesn't think she'll win.
She says she doesn't want a party.
She says she doesn't want to be a mother, but I want a lot of kids.
She says she doesn't want to do that by herself.
She says she doesn't want to do that.
She says she doesn't want to fight.
She says she doesn't want to go to school today.
She says she doesn't want to go.
She says she doesn't want to hurt him.
She says she doesn't wish to do that.
She says she dreams in French.
She says she eats more when she's sad.
She says she enjoys doing that.
She says she enjoys speaking French.
She says she enjoys studying French.
She says she enjoys teaching French.
She says she feels a little better.
She says she feels better now.
She says she feels comfortable here.
She says she feels fine.
She says she feels like crying.
She says she feels like doing that.
She says she feels much better now.
She says she feels obligated to help.
She says she feels sorry for him.
She says she feels taken for granted.
She says she feels the same way.
She says she felt sick an hour ago.
She says she finished doing that.
She says she followed the rules.
She says she found it on the bench.
She says she had a great weekend.
She says she had a very good time.
She says she had to do that.
She says she had to speak French.
She says she had to study French.
She says she has a lot of friends.
She says she has a lot of money.
She says she has a lot of old stamps.
She says she has a lot to do today.
She says she has a lot to do.
She says she has a lot to say.
She says she has a plan.
She says she has a secret weapon.
She says she has a stomachache.
She says she has a surprise for him.
She says she has everything she needs.
She says she has experience.
She says she has no choice.
She says she has no concrete plans.
She says she has no idea what happened to him.
She says she has no idea what to do.
She says she has no intention of having a baby until she's in her thirties.
She says she has no intention of having a baby until she’s in her thirties.
She says she has no other choice.
She says she has no plan to do that.
She says she has no regrets.
She says she has no vices.
She says she has nothing to do.
She says she has nothing to hide.
She says she has other priorities.
She says she has plans to do that.
She says she has plenty of time.
She says she has to do that as well.
She says she has to do that, too.
She says she has to do that.
She says she has to speak French.
She says she has to study French.
She says she has to talk to him.
She says she has to wait for him.
She says she has to work tonight.
She says she hasn't done that yet.
She says she hasn't joined any clubs.
She says she hasn't seen him.
She says she hasn't yet done that.
She says she hates cleaning her room.
She says she hates to study.
She says she hopes that you do that.
She says she hopes that you win.
She says she intended to do that.
She says she intended to go shopping.
She says she intends to do that.
She says she intends to win.
She says she is seeing things.
She says she is very very worried because her children who are back at home may not be safe if there is a heavy downpour.
She says she isn't able to do that.
She says she isn't afraid of ghosts.
She says she isn't afraid to do that.
She says she isn't afraid.
She says she isn't angry.
She says she isn't busy.
She says she isn't enjoying herself.
She says she isn't giving up.
She says she isn't happy.
She says she isn't having any fun.
She says she isn't hungry yet.
She says she isn't hungry.
She says she isn't lazy.
She says she isn't planning on going.
She says she isn't planning to go.
She says she isn't ready to do that.
She says she isn't ready to give up.
She says she isn't ready to go.
She says she isn't sick.
She says she isn't sleepy yet.
She says she isn't sleepy.
She says she isn't sure she's ready.
She says she isn't thirsty.
She says she isn't tired yet.
She says she isn't tired.
She says she isn't worried.
She says she just couldn't do that.
She says she just wanted to be loved.
She says she just wants to be happy.
She says she killed him.
She says she kissed him.
She says she knows her.
She says she knows him.
She says she knows them.
She says she knows what she's doing.
She says she knows why you did that.
She says she knows you.
She says she left a note.
She says she likes Chinese food.
She says she likes doing that.
She says she likes flowers.
She says she likes her new job.
She says she likes horror movies.
She says she likes it.
She says she likes living by herself.
She says she likes marigolds.
She says she likes speaking French.
She says she likes spending time with him.
She says she likes studying French.
She says she likes teaching French.
She says she likes to do that.
She says she likes to win.
She says she lost her key.
She says she loves flowers.
She says she loves him.
She says she loves me.
She says she loves us both.
She says she may not have to do that.
She says she might go shopping.
She says she misses her family a lot.
She says she needed to do that.
She says she needed to study French.
She says she needs a break, too.
She says she needs a hat.
She says she needs a nap.
She says she needs a vacation.
She says she needs another car.
She says she needs another computer.
She says she needs help.
She says she needs it today.
She says she needs more than that.
She says she needs more time.
She says she needs my help tomorrow.
She says she needs time alone.
She says she needs to do that, too.
She says she needs to do that.
She says she needs to study French.
She says she needs to talk to him.
She says she needs to talk to you.
She says she needs to talk with you.
She says she never cried.
She says she never did that.
She says she never dreams.
She says she never locks her door.
She says she never taught French.
She says she never wanted to do that.
She says she often forgets things.
She says she only eats organic food.
She says she ought to do that.
She says she plans on doing that.
She says she plans on going.
She says she plans to do that.
She says she plans to go.
She says she plans to study French.
She says she plans to take pictures.
She says she plans to win.
She says she plays the drums well.
She says she plays the recorder.
She says she really likes it here.
She says she regrets doing that.
She says she remembers doing that.
She says she remembers him.
She says she saw a UFO last night.
She says she saw everything.
She says she saw him.
She says she saw nothing.
She says she saw something else.
She says she saw something strange.
She says she sees many people who have skin abrasions and infections, glaucoma and other eye infections, diarrhea, dysentery, swollen feet, asthma, and bronchitis.
She says she seldom does that.
She says she should do that.
She says she should wait.
She says she shouldn't do that.
She says she sings bass.
She says she sings tenor.
She says she speaks French.
She says she spoke French last week.
She says she spoke without thinking.
She says she still can't believe it.
She says she still does that a lot.
She says she still needs help.
She says she studies French.
She says she swims well.
She says she talked to him.
She says she taught herself French.
She says she taught herself how to do that.
She says she teaches French.
She says she thinks it's impossible.
She says she thinks it's possible.
She says she thinks she can do that.
She says she thinks she can win.
She says she thinks she won't do that.
She says she thinks she won't win.
She says she thinks we can win.
She says she thinks we could do that.
She says she tried to do that once.
She says she understands him.
She says she understood everything.
She says she used steroids.
She says she used to do that.
She says she used to study French.
She says she used to teach French.
She says she wanted to do that.
She says she wants her things back.
She says she wants me to go to Boston with him.
She says she wants more than that.
She says she wants something to eat.
She says she wants to be a teacher.
She says she wants to be buried here.
She says she wants to build a house.
She says she wants to buy a drum set.
She says she wants to buy a new car.
She says she wants to buy a present for him.
She says she wants to change.
She says she wants to come with us.
She says she wants to come, too.
She says she wants to do that by herself.
She says she wants to do that today.
She says she wants to do that, too.
She says she wants to do that.
She says she wants to go home early.
She says she wants to go to Harvard.
She says she wants to help us.
She says she wants to help you.
She says she wants to learn French.
She says she wants to live by herself.
She says she wants to lose weight.
She says she wants to meet you.
She says she wants to quit her job.
She says she wants to quit the band.
She says she wants to see Jim.
She says she wants to settle down.
She says she wants to speak French.
She says she wants to speak to you.
She says she wants to study French.
She says she wants to swim.
She says she wants to talk to him.
She says she wants to talk to you.
She says she wants to talk with you.
She says she wants to talk.
She says she wants to walk home.
She says she wants to win.
She says she was a nun until her late 30s, when she left the nunnery to get married, although she continued to be a nurse.
She says she was abducted by aliens.
She says she was absolutely stunned.
She says she was asked to come here.
She says she was busy.
She says she was confused.
She says she was fired.
She says she was framed.
She says she was happy.
She says she was hungry.
She says she was surprised by the reaction of the authorities and might think twice about writing such a commentary again.
She says she wasn't being paid.
She says she wasn't here.
She says she wasn't surprised at all.
She says she will call you later.
She says she will come.
She says she will not give up smoking.
She says she won't agree to do that.
She says she won't be here tomorrow.
She says she won't buy any beer.
She says she won't buy that for you.
She says she won't come back.
She says she won't come to our party.
She says she won't cry.
She says she won't die.
She says she won't do it anymore.
She says she won't do that again.
She says she won't do that anymore.
She says she won't do that for you.
She says she won't do that today.
She says she won't do that tomorrow.
She says she won't do that.
She says she won't ever do that.
She says she won't ever win.
She says she won't get married.
She says she won't go there anymore.
She says she won't have to do that.
She says she won't help us do that.
She says she won't help us today.
She says she won't help us.
She says she won't let you come home.
She says she won't mind.
She says she won't need our help.
She says she won't need to do that.
She says she won't shake hands with him.
She says she won't sing.
She says she won't speak French.
She says she won't stay.
She says she won't study French.
She says she won't swim.
She says she won't tell him.
She says she won't vote.
She says she won't wait any longer.
She says she won't win.
She says she would've paid more.
She says she wouldn't do that.
She says she'd be happy to do that.
She says she'd be willing to help us.
She says she'd hurt her back.
She says she'd like to do that.
She says she'd like to study French.
She says she'd like to win.
She says she'd love to do that.
She says she'd love to win.
She says she'd never do that again.
She says she'd never do that.
She says she'd never kiss him.
She says she'd never leave early.
She says she'd rather go home.
She says she'd rather not do that.
She says she'd rather not go.
She says she'll agree to do that.
She says she'll always love him.
She says she'll be a bit late.
She says she'll be busy tomorrow.
She says she'll be busy tonight.
She says she'll be careful.
She says she'll be here tomorrow.
She says she'll buy that for you.
She says she'll call you later.
She says she'll come at once.
She says she'll come to the party.
She says she'll come tomorrow.
She says she'll come.
She says she'll correct it.
She says she'll do just that.
She says she'll do nothing.
She says she'll do that again.
She says she'll do that by herself.
She says she'll do that for him.
She says she'll do that for me.
She says she'll do that for you.
She says she'll do that later.
She says she'll do that on Monday.
She says she'll do that someday.
She says she'll do that today.
She says she'll do that tomorrow.
She says she'll do that.
She says she'll do what she has to.
She says she'll do what she needs to.
She says she'll do whatever she can.
She says she'll do whatever we do.
She says she'll get home on Monday.
She says she'll give it a try.
She says she'll go there by herself.
She says she'll go with us.
She says she'll have to do that.
She says she'll help us today.
She says she'll hurt me.
She says she'll keep doing that.
She says she'll keep working hard.
She says she'll leave on Monday.
She says she'll need to do that.
She says she'll never come back here.
She says she'll never do it again.
She says she'll never do that again.
She says she'll never do that.
She says she'll never ever leave him.
She says she'll never give up.
She says she'll never go again.
She says she'll never leave early.
She says she'll only speak to him.
She says she'll only talk to you.
She says she'll pay for everything.
She says she'll quit doing that.
She says she'll sing.
She says she'll stay for dinner.
She says she'll study French today.
She says she'll swim.
She says she'll think about it.
She says she'll wait for us.
She says she'll wait.
She says she'll win.
She says she's Canadian.
She says she's Hungarian, even though she doesn't speak the language.
She says she's OK.
She says she's a friend of yours.
She says she's a good student.
She says she's afraid to do that.
She says she's almost ready to leave.
She says she's already done that.
She says she's already learned a lot.
She says she's already paid.
She says she's angry.
She says she's been asked to do that.
She says she's been asked to help.
She says she's been asked to stay.
She says she's been shot three times.
She says she's busy today.
She says she's busy.
She says she's cut down on drinking.
She says she's depressed.
She says she's desperate.
She says she's disappointed.
She says she's doing that.
She says she's done nothing wrong.
She says she's done that already.
She says she's done that many times.
She says she's done that three times.
She says she's done that.
She says she's dying.
She says she's eager to do that.
She says she's eager to participate.
She says she's even eaten insects.
She says she's exhausted.
She says she's feeling OK.
She says she's feeling a little better today.
She says she's feeling better now.
She says she's feeling better today.
She says she's feeling kind of tired.
She says she's feeling tired.
She says she's feeling very sleepy.
She says she's feeling very tired.
She says she's fine.
She says she's getting a divorce.
She says she's getting hungry.
She says she's glad that you're here.
She says she's glad you're all right.
She says she's glad you're here.
She says she's going to beat you up.
She says she's going to go to Boston with him.
She says she's going to resign.
She says she's going to stop smoking.
She says she's going to turn herself in to the police.
She says she's good at French.
She says she's good at baseball.
She says she's good at chess.
She says she's good at cooking.
She says she's good at doing that.
She says she's good at juggling.
She says she's good at swimming.
She says she's got a cold.
She says she's had a hard day.
She says she's happy.
She says she's having fun.
She says she's healthy again.
She says she's healthy.
She says she's heard you sing.
She says she's here to support you.
She says she's homesick.
She says she's hoping she can do that.
She says she's hoping to do that.
She says she's hungry.
She says she's in a lot of pain.
She says she's in love with him.
She says she's innocent.
She says she's interested.
She says she's learned a lot from him.
She says she's learned a lot.
She says she's lonely.
She says she's looking for him.
She says she's met you several times.
She says she's met you.
She says she's never been arrested.
She says she's never coming back.
She says she's never cried.
She says she's never done that.
She says she's never driven a truck.
She says she's never eaten Thai food.
She says she's never eaten sushi.
She says she's never even talked to him.
She says she's never grown corn.
She says she's never kissed him.
She says she's never lied to him.
She says she's never met him.
She says she's never milked a cow.
She says she's never owned a car.
She says she's never seen a panda.
She says she's never seen him.
She says she's never seen you before.
She says she's never studied French.
She says she's never taught French.
She says she's never won anything.
She says she's not afraid to do that.
She says she's not busy tomorrow.
She says she's not busy.
She says she's not coming back here.
She says she's not coming.
She says she's not concerned.
She says she's not dating anyone now, but I don't believe her.
She says she's not done yet.
She says she's not enjoying herself.
She says she's not going to do that.
She says she's not going.
She says she's not guilty.
She says she's not happy here.
She says she's not happy.
She says she's not hungry yet.
She says she's not hungry.
She says she's not interested.
She says she's not lazy.
She says she's not planning on going.
She says she's not planning to go.
She says she's not ready to do that.
She says she's not ready to go.
She says she's not sleepy yet.
She says she's not sleepy.
She says she's not thirsty.
She says she's not tired yet.
She says she's not tired.
She says she's not worried.
She says she's on her way back home.
She says she's planning on buying a gift for him.
She says she's planning on going.
She says she's planning to do that.
She says she's planning to go to Boston with him.
She says she's planning to go.
She says she's prepared to do that.
She says she's pretty hungry.
She says she's proud of her children.
She says she's ready to do that.
She says she's ready to go.
She says she's ready to help.
She says she's really sorry.
She says she's rich.
She says she's safe.
She says she's sleepy.
She says she's sorry she didn't call.
She says she's still hungry.
She says she's still planning to go.
She says she's studying French.
She says she's swearing off smoking.
She says she's taught French.
She says she's the nicest woman in the world.
She says she's thirsty.
She says she's tired of doing that.
She says she's tired of watching TV.
She says she's tired.
She says she's tone deaf.
She says she's too busy to do that.
She says she's too old to do that.
She says she's too old to start over.
She says she's too tired to study.
She says she's tried everything.
She says she's undecided.
She says she's unhappy.
She says she's unsure.
She says she's very busy.
She says she's very happy here.
She says she's very hungry.
She says she's very rich.
She says she's waited.
She says she's waiting for him.
She says she's willing to do that for him.
She says she's willing to help us.
She says she's willing to help.
She says she's won.
She says she's working very hard.
She says someday she'll do that.
She says someone who listens to the same heavy metal music over and over again, without listening to anything else, is attempting to isolate themselves or escape from reality.
She says something different in every interview.
She says something every time I turn around.
She says that Tom bewitched her.
She says that didn't surprise her.
She says that doesn't bother her.
She says that doesn't matter to her.
She says that doesn't surprise her.
She says that orchids use a lot of energy to produce blooms.
She says that recently she isn't able to get enough sleep.
She says that she agreed to do that.
She says that she agrees with him.
She says that she always enjoys playing cards with him.
She says that she can see ghosts.
She says that she can see through walls.
She says that she can swim well.
She says that she can't do that.
She says that she can't eat any more.
She says that she can't help.
She says that she can't sing well.
She says that she can't win.
She says that she despises him.
She says that she detests war.
She says that she did nothing wrong.
She says that she did that.
She says that she didn't cry.
She says that she didn't do it.
She says that she didn't do that.
She says that she didn't win.
She says that she does that a lot.
She says that she does that.
She says that she doesn't blame us.
She says that she doesn't know anything about him.
She says that she enjoyed it very much.
She says that she has to do that.
She says that she hates to study.
She says that she heard a similar story from him.
She says that she intends to do that.
She says that she intends to win.
She says that she is content with her life.
She says that she is happy.
She says that she is innocent.
She says that she knows nothing about him.
She says that she likes flowers.
She says that she likes marigolds.
She says that she loved him.
She says that she loves flowers.
She says that she loves him.
She says that she never dreams.
She says that she plans on going.
She says that she plans to do that.
She says that she plans to go.
She says that she plans to win.
She says that she studied French.
She says that she studies French.
She says that she teaches French.
She says that she wants me to come with her.
She says that she wants me to go to Boston with him.
She says that she wants to be buried here.
She says that she wants to do that.
She says that she wants to speak with you.
She says that she wants to win.
She says that she was happy.
She says that she will come tomorrow.
She says that she won't cry.
She says that she won't do that.
She says that she won't shake hands with him.
She says that she won't win.
She says that she'd like to do that.
She says that she'll come tomorrow.
She says that she'll do that someday.
She says that she'll do that today.
She says that she'll do that.
She says that she'll wait for us.
She says that she'll wait.
She says that she'll win.
She says that she's a good student.
She says that she's busy.
She says that she's fed up with this hot weather.
She says that she's going to go to Boston with him.
She says that she's going to turn herself in to the police.
She says that she's going to turn herself in.
She says that she's good at cooking.
She says that she's happy.
She says that she's healthy.
She says that she's hungry.
She says that she's in love with him.
She says that she's just eaten.
She says that she's lonely.
She says that she's lost her key.
She says that she's met you.
She says that she's never done that.
She says that she's never lied to him.
She says that she's never seen hedgehogs with ears.
She says that she's ready to do that.
She says that she's ready to help.
She says that she's still hungry.
She says that she's tired.
She says that she's tough on crime.
She says that she's very busy.
She says that she's very rich.
She says that she's weary.
She says that she's willing to do that for him.
She says that she's willing to help.
She says that she’s never seen hedgehogs with ears.
She says that someday she'll do that.
She says that the noise bothers her.
She says that with good intentions.
She says that's where she put it.
She says the future does not look good, because when people are hungry, they will be tempted to steal and may choose illegal means to survive.
She says the noise bothers her.
She says the plant’s blue star-shaped flowers taste like cucumbers.
She says the rudimentary shelters are constructed from anything they can find—bits of plastic or clothing—and these are tacked onto wooden branches, which are then covered with straw.
She says the strain identified in Britain has been studied for its transmissibility and impact on COVID-19 vaccines that have been developed.
She says there are numerous cases of people being treated unjustly because of the faulty use of AI in law enforcement, national security, and criminal justice and border management areas.
She says there are still some minutes left.
She says there is a hidden treasure here.
She says there's nothing she can do.
She says there's something under the bed.
She says they want to slander her.
She says this is the best she can do.
She says this to me all the time.
She says to the cook: Thank you for the meals.
She says tourists often fall into a bad-food trap after a long day of museum-hopping.
She says trucks are unable to traverse the treacherously narrow roads.
She says we can start without her.
She says we can start without him.
She says we can't talk to him.
She says what she thinks.
She says whatever comes to her mind.
She says yes.
She says you keep hanging up on her.
She says you should always tell the truth.
She says you talked her into it.
She says you'll bring some friends along.
She says you'll bring up the question when the time comes.
She says you're cute.
She says you're lying.
She scalded her arm.
She scalded her tongue on the hot tea.
She scaled a fish.
She scanned the shelves for her favorite book.
She scarcely goes out except on business.
She scarcely recognized him.
She scared Nuja.
She scared a bear away.
She scared me.
She scared the cat away.
She scared the children.
She scared us.
She scared you.
She scares me.
She scheduled an appointment for herself.
She scheduled an appointment for him.
She scheduled her compensatory time off in advance to avoid any conflicts with her workload.
She scoffed at my poem.
She scolded her daughter for coming home too late.
She scolded her son for being lazy.
She scolded her son for being out until late.
She scolded her.
She scolded him because he left the door open.
She scolded him for being late.
She scolded him for not doing his homework.
She scolded him for not mowing the lawn.
She scolded him.
She scolded me.
She scolded the boy for disobeying the rules.
She scolded the boy for misbehaving.
She scolded the child for coming home so late.
She scolds Terry about as often as she scolds me.
She scolds Terry as often as me.
She scooped the ball off the ground.
She scooped thirteen cookies onto the baking sheet and put it in the oven.
She scooped up a handful of the warm sand.
She scored a hole-in-one.
She scorned the boy.
She scorns liars.
She scouted the hills for trouble.
She scowled at him.
She scowled at the rude salesman.
She scowled.
She scraped her shoes clean before she entered the house.
She scratched her finger on a nail.
She scratched her head.
She scratched her itch through the scalp to the brain.
She scratched her nose.
She scratched herself.
She scratched me in anger.
She screamed and fainted.
She screamed and ran out of the room.
She screamed as loud as she could.
She screamed at him.
She screamed at the flash of lightning.
She screamed at the sky.
She screamed bloody murder.
She screamed for help.
She screamed for joy.
She screamed from happiness.
She screamed in agony.
She screamed in fear.
She screamed in pain.
She screamed out.
She screamed that I was to blame.
She screamed when she saw a snake.
She screamed when she saw the snake.
She screamed when she saw the spider.
She screamed with glee.
She screamed with horror as someone took hold of her arm.
She screamed with joy.
She screamed with terror.
She screamed.
She screams if you even touch her funny bone.
She screams too much.
She screams.
She screwed up the work.
She scrubbed her feet.
She scrubbed the floor of the kitchen with a brush.
She scrubbed the kitchen floor with a brush.
She sculpted the cake into a three-tiered masterpiece.
She scurried for my hand.
She seamed the two crocheted pieces together.
She searched about for her lost boy.
She searched around the house.
She searched for Mina.
She searched for her granddaughter who had been taken away.
She searched for her house key in her bag, but she didn't find it.
She searched for life under the sea.
She searched her pockets for the key.
She searched the area.
She searched the whole house for the phone.
She searches for clarity in chaos.
She seared the beef in a hot pan.
She seasoned the dish with fragrant rosemary.
She seated herself on the bench.
She seated herself quietly before the piano.
She seated herself.
She secretly agreed with him.
She secretly likes him.
She secured the edges of her crafts with her trusty adhesive tape.
She seduced countless men.
She seeded vegetables in her garden.
She seeks answers to life's big questions.
She seeks creative outlets.
She seeks fulfillment in her work.
She seeks her family's presence.
She seeks new ways to express her creativity.
She seeks new ways to solve old problems.
She seeks opportunities to grow.
She seeks their approval in every endeavor.
She seeks to understand the human condition.
She seeks wisdom in every situation.
She seem to be getting fatter.
She seemed OK when I saw her.
She seemed a little hard on herself.
She seemed absolutely sure of herself.
She seemed anything but remorseful.
She seemed attracted to him.
She seemed bored.
She seemed busy when I saw her.
She seemed cheerful.
She seemed comfortable talking with me.
She seemed concerned.
She seemed different.
She seemed disappointed and sad.
She seemed disappointed at the result.
She seemed disappointed with the result.
She seemed distant and unreachable.
She seemed embarrassed for some reason.
She seemed embarrassed.
She seemed for an instant to wish to shrink back inside the house again; and then, seeing how useless all concealment must be, she came forward, with a very white face and frightened eyes which belied the smile upon her lips.
She seemed frightened at first, but only for a moment.
She seemed genuinely interested.
She seemed genuinely worried about him.
She seemed happy in contrast to the man.
She seemed happy to see him.
She seemed happy to see me.
She seemed happy when I saw her.
She seemed happy.
She seemed interested in him.
She seemed intrigued.
She seemed irritated when I spotted her.
She seemed like some sort of princess from a fairy tale.
She seemed lost in thought.
She seemed more dead than alive.
She seemed nervous.
She seemed okay when I saw her.
She seemed perfectly calm.
She seemed perfectly happy.
She seemed pleased to see me.
She seemed pressed for time and often glanced at the clock on the wall.
She seemed quite busy, didn't she?
She seemed quite happy, didn't she?
She seemed quite moved to see them here.
She seemed quite pleased with herself.
She seemed really nervous.
She seemed really worried about him.
She seemed reluctant to do that for him.
She seemed sad, didn't she?
She seemed sincere.
She seemed so much at ease in the saddle.
She seemed somewhat unsure of herself.
She seemed surprised by the invitation.
She seemed surprised by the question.
She seemed surprised to hear her name called from behind.
She seemed surprised to see him.
She seemed surprised when I told her.
She seemed to be afraid of him.
She seemed to be an angel descended on earth, unallied to the coarse mortals among whom she deigned to dwell for a season.
She seemed to be an angel descended on earth.
She seemed to be avoiding him.
She seemed to be enjoying herself.
She seemed to be happy, didn't she?
She seemed to be holding back tears.
She seemed to be idle.
She seemed to be ignoring him.
She seemed to be in a hurry.
She seemed to be in love with him.
She seemed to be looking at a flock of birds in the sky.
She seemed to be satisfied with the result of the exam.
She seemed to be stunned by the news.
She seemed to be suffering a heart attack.
She seemed to be very happy with him.
She seemed to be very keen on music.
She seemed to be very surprised.
She seemed to be wallowing in her grief instead of trying to recover from the disaster.
She seemed to be worried about him.
She seemed to enjoy herself at the party last night.
She seemed to enjoy herself yesterday at the party.
She seemed to enjoy it.
She seemed to enjoy spending time with him.
She seemed to enjoy talking with him.
She seemed to enjoy teasing him.
She seemed to get along fine with him.
She seemed to hang on his every word.
She seemed to have been ill.
She seemed to have it all.
She seemed to have stiffened, petrified.
She seemed to know her stuff.
She seemed to know him.
She seemed to know what she wanted.
She seemed to know what she was doing.
She seemed to like him.
She seemed to like that.
She seemed to live near the lake.
She seemed to recognize him.
She seemed to regret what she'd done.
She seemed to take it for granted that he should go his own way.
She seemed to think we didn't like her.
She seemed to want me to help her.
She seemed to want to help him.
She seemed unattainable to me.
She seemed uneasy in his presence.
She seemed uninterested in our problems, so we stopped asking her for help.
She seemed uninterested.
She seemed very angry, didn't she?
She seemed very full of herself.
She seemed very happy in contrast to the man.
She seemed very keen on music.
She seemed very nice.
She seemed very pleased with herself.
She seemed very startled.
She seemed very sure of herself.
She seemed very surprised when I told her about it.
She seemed very tired, didn't she?
She seemingly wants to succeed.
She seems OK now.
She seems a bit shady.
She seems a bit tired.
She seems a little tired.
She seems attracted to him.
She seems awfully sad, doesn't she?
She seems confused.
She seems down lately.
She seems excited.
She seems fairly sure of herself.
She seems fake.
She seems friendly.
She seems happy because she is always smiling.
She seems happy ever since she got a job.
She seems happy to be here.
She seems happy.
She seems impervious to criticism.
She seems interested in him.
She seems interested in me.
She seems interested in nothing else.
She seems kind.
She seems like a nice young lady.
She seems like a scammer.
She seems like a serious and reliable person.
She seems much younger than him.
She seems much younger than me.
She seems not to remember me.
She seems oddly shy and retiring for a media spokesperson.
She seems oddly shy and timid for a press officer.
She seems quite busy, doesn't she?
She seems quite happy, doesn't she?
She seems quite indifferent to football.
She seems quite pleased with herself.
She seems rather nice to me.
She seems really happy.
She seems really pleased.
She seems reserved, but she's actually a strong-willed person.
She seems rich.
She seems sad.
She seems short beside her sister.
She seems shy, but has a strong will in practice.
She seems somewhat unsure of herself.
She seems the least shy of the three.
She seems timid, but she's actually a strong-willed person.
She seems tired.
She seems to actually be enjoying herself.
She seems to always get along well with him.
She seems to be a diehard fan of this author. She even has his anthologies where all he did was collect short stories.
She seems to be a good cook.
She seems to be about ten years old.
She seems to be afraid of him.
She seems to be asleep.
She seems to be attracted to guys with a rebellious edge.
She seems to be confused.
She seems to be drunk.
She seems to be enjoying herself.
She seems to be excited.
She seems to be fond of talking about herself.
She seems to be getting fatter.
She seems to be happy.
She seems to be having a good feed over there.
She seems to be having fun.
She seems to be ignoring him.
She seems to be ill.
She seems to be in a bad mood today.
She seems to be in love with him.
She seems to be in love with my brother.
She seems to be in trouble.
She seems to be in trouble. Tell her what to do.
She seems to be interested in him.
She seems to be intimidated by him.
She seems to be involved in that murder case.
She seems to be involved with him.
She seems to be irritated with him.
She seems to be jealous of Tom.
She seems to be laboring under the family handicap.
She seems to be living by the lake.
She seems to be nervous about her first class.
She seems to be out at the moment.
She seems to be possessed by an evil spirit.
She seems to be proud of herself.
She seems to be sick.
She seems to be sympathetic, but it's all an act.
She seems to be talking to herself.
She seems to be the worse for drink.
She seems to be thoroughly enjoying herself.
She seems to be unhappy.
She seems to be unwilling to testify against him.
She seems to be very excited.
She seems to be very ill.
She seems to devote all her effects to her career.
She seems to devote all her efforts to her career.
She seems to enjoy teasing him.
She seems to get along fine with him.
She seems to get fatter and fatter.
She seems to hate you.
She seems to have a surprise in store for me.
She seems to have a tendency to exaggerate things.
She seems to have been a beauty in her day.
She seems to have been beautiful in her young days.
She seems to have been happy when she was young.
She seems to have been happy.
She seems to have been ill.
She seems to have been in poor health in her childhood.
She seems to have been offended by what he said.
She seems to have found a boyfriend.
She seems to have gone into a trance, her eyes are fixed on the floor and she doesn't listen to me.
She seems to have got some new friends.
She seems to have had a change of heart.
She seems to have had a very hard time.
She seems to have her wits about her.
She seems to have known the secret.
She seems to have known the truth of the matter.
She seems to have left for Tokyo yesterday.
She seems to have made quite an impression on you.
She seems to have misunderstood him.
She seems to have no friends or relations other than the acquaintances she has made in Merlinville.
She seems to have no interest in soccer.
She seems to have no interest whatsoever in football.
She seems to have seen the very accident.
She seems to have slept badly last night.
She seems to have some new friends.
She seems to have something to do with the affair.
She seems to have taken my remark as an insult.
She seems to know her stuff.
She seems to know him.
She seems to know something important.
She seems to know the art of writing letters.
She seems to know what she has to do.
She seems to know what she should do.
She seems to know what she wants.
She seems to like him.
She seems to like talking about herself.
She seems to me a serious and reliable person.
She seems to really be enjoying herself.
She seems to really enjoy talking with him.
She seems to soon get tired of men.
She seems to take immense pleasure in playing with children.
She seems to understand what I say.
She seems to want to help him.
She seems totally at peace with herself.
She seems very angry, doesn't she?
She seems very confident.
She seems very full of herself.
She seems very pleased with herself.
She seems very sure of herself.
She seems wary, but maybe I'm just paranoid.
She sees a spider and she faints.
She sees her boss as a father.
She sees her father.
She sees her parents only once a year.
She sees herself as the center of the universe.
She sees herself better than eveyone.
She sees him.
She sees nothing wrong with it.
She sees only good things about me.
She sees the service award as a milestone in her career.
She sees value in unity.
She sees your horse.
She sees.
She seldom does that by herself.
She seldom eats breakfast.
She seldom gives way to tears.
She seldom goes canoeing by herself.
She seldom goes hiking by herself.
She seldom goes out.
She seldom goes to places like that.
She seldom goes to that sort of place.
She seldom goes to the cinema.
She seldom pays regard to my advice.
She seldom puts sugar in her coffee.
She seldom sings, but I think she will tonight.
She seldom talks about herself.
She seldom uses her phone.
She seldom uses nail polish.
She seldom wins.
She seldom, if ever, goes out after dark.
She seldom, if ever, goes to bed before eleven.
She seldom, if ever, goes to movies by herself.
She selected a blue dress from the wardrobe.
She selected a hat to match her new dress.
She selected an artist.
She sells Kabyle dresses on the Internet.
She sells Kabyle dresses.
She sells a vintage hat.
She sells books.
She sells bread in the village.
She sells clothes for toddlers in her shop.
She sells drugs at concerts.
She sells flowers.
She sells food.
She sells fruits.
She sells happiness.
She sells her products in farmers markets, local church fairs and craft shows.
She sells medicine in the pharmacy.
She sells sea shells in Chelsea.
She sells sea shells.
She sells seashells at the seashore.
She sells seashells by the sea shore.
She sells seashells by the seashore.
She sells seashells by the seashore. The shells she sells are surely seashells. So if she sells shells on the seashore, I'm sure the shells she sells are seashore shells.
She sells seashells in Chelsea.
She sells seashells on the seashore.
She sells shirts at a 50 percent discount.
She sells shoes.
She sells sweets so she can make a little bit of money.
She sells us dresses.
She sells vegetables.
She sells wine jelly on the Internet.
She sends her love.
She sends her regards.
She sends us e-mails.
She sends us flowers.
She sends us to the town.
She sensed his hand resting on her thigh.
She sensed the desperateness in his voice.
She sent Mary a postcard.
She sent a Christmas card to him.
She sent a birthday card to him.
She sent a couple of private investigators to snoop on her ex-husband. I wonder if she still loves him.
She sent a long letter to him.
She sent a man on horseback to borrow a cheese grater from the neighboring Mongol encampment.
She sent a picture of her friends to him.
She sent a picture postcard to him.
She sent a telegram to him.
She sent a text message to him.
She sent a text.
She sent back the letter unopened.
She sent her a letter.
She sent her children off to school.
She sent her children to an Islamic school.
She sent her picture to him.
She sent her son for a doctor.
She sent him a WhatsApp message.
She sent him a letter.
She sent him a long letter.
She sent him a message.
She sent him a picture of herself.
She sent him a postcard from Boston.
She sent him a postcard.
She sent him on his way.
She sent many letters to him.
She sent me a friend request.
She sent me a funny text message.
She sent me a letter.
She sent me a long letter.
She sent me a message last night.
She sent me a message.
She sent me a most urgent telegram.
She sent me a picture of him.
She sent me a postcard that said she hates the smell of animals.
She sent me a present in return for my advice.
She sent me a text message in Berber.
She sent me a text message.
She sent me a text.
She sent me a word.
She sent me an urgent telegram.
She sent me her address so that I could find her house.
She sent me pictures of Kabyle dresses.
She sent me the enclosed check.
She sent me to call you.
She sent me to school.
She sent money to her mother.
She sent some books to him.
She sent some flowers to him.
She sent some money to him.
She sent the letter back unopened.
She sent the letter by airmail.
She sent the picture to him.
She sent them a letter.
She sent this book to me.
She sent those e-mails an hour ago.
She sent us a letter.
She sent us a telegram to tell us she was coming.
She sent us a telegram, informing that she would come.
She sent us gifts.
She sent you a letter.
She sent you her best wishes.
She sent you here, didn't she?
She sent you, didn't she?
She served a luscious red velvet cake.
She served as the chief of astronomy and relativity in the Office of Space Science.
She served black-eyed beans with rice.
She served corn with a dollop of butter.
She served customers.
She served me coffee.
She served sandwiches.
She served the family for twenty years.
She served the kids lemonade.
She served the tea.
She served time.
She served us a good meal.
She served us water.
She serves as the club treasurer.
She serves drinks.
She set a bird free.
She set a child in the chair.
She set a drink in front of him.
She set a new Japanese record in the 100 meter dash.
She set a new world record.
She set about her homework at once.
She set about writing the essay.
She set down her cup.
She set down her glass.
She set down her spoon.
She set fire to a tent.
She set fire to her house.
She set her alarm.
She set her drink down.
She set her sights on winning the gold medal in the Olympics.
She set him to chopping wood.
She set it aside for future use.
She set my heart afire.
She set off an hour ago.
She set off on a trip last week.
She set out for Thailand.
She set out on a trip last week.
She set sail.
She set the bird free from the cage.
She set the cup down on the table.
She set the station on fire.
She set the table for supper.
She set the table.
She set the tray down on the table.
She set the world record for the high jump.
She set up a website for him.
She set up an association to help blind people.
She set up her work at the expense of her health.
She sets ambitious goals for herself.
She sets clear boundaries with confidence.
She sets herself apart from the rest.
She sets sail tomorrow.
She sets the table.
She sets your world alight.
She settled her baby down to sleep.
She settled herself.
She settled in my arms.
She severed her ties with her family a long time ago.
She severed ties with her family a long time ago.
She sewed a button on her coat.
She sewed a button on the coat.
She sewed a button on.
She sews with a needle and thread.
She shakes like him.
She shall come here.
She shall never forget listening to the sad tune.
She shall serve tea.
She shall water the garden this afternoon.
She shaped the cake into a whimsical design.
She shared a recipe for a delicious cake.
She shared all her secrets with him.
She shared everything with her sister.
She shared her book with her neighbor.
She shared her bucket of popcorn with him.
She shared her couscous recipe with us.
She shared her dessert with him.
She shared her food with him.
She shared her husband's fate.
She shared her husband’s fate.
She shared her insights.
She shared her lunch with Skura.
She shared her lunch with him.
She shared her lunch with me.
She shared her mother's oatmeal cookie recipe with him.
She shared her piece of cake with him.
She shared her piece of cake with me.
She shared her problems with me.
She shared her sandwich with him.
She shared her umbrella with him.
She shared her vision for peace.
She shared his pain.
She shared the apartment with her friends.
She shared the room with two other sisters.
She shared them.
She shares a room with her sister.
She shares her knowledge freely.
She shares her office with him.
She shares her story with pride.
She shares my perspective.
She sharpened a knife.
She sharpened the knives for him.
She shattered the mirror with a hammer.
She shaved her armpits.
She shaved her head.
She shaved her mustache.
She shaves her legs many times a month.
She shaves her legs.
She sheared a ewe.
She sheared the ewe.
She shed bitter tears.
She shed crocodile tears over his death.
She shed plentiful tears when her beloved dog was killed in an accident.
She shed tears while listening to the story.
She shed tears.
She shielded her eyes from the sun.
She shielded the ball from the opponent.
She shined her father's shoes.
She shined the knives and forks for Mother.
She shines with happiness.
She shines without trying.
She shivered at his kiss.
She shivered at the sight.
She shivered with cold.
She shivered.
She shivers from cold.
She shone her torch onto the floor before us.
She shone with all the splendour of her twenty years.
She shooed him outdoors.
She shook Mina awake.
She shook hands with a co-worker.
She shook hands with him.
She shook her fist at him.
She shook her head and said nothing.
She shook her head as she drove away.
She shook her head at him.
She shook her head in disbelief.
She shook her head in dismay.
She shook her head, and tried to smile.
She shook her head.
She shook his hand.
She shook my hand.
She shook the rug to get dust out of it.
She shook the rug to get the dust out of it.
She shoots and cries.
She shoots her videos in Berber.
She shoots quickly.
She shoots.
She shops at a local grocer.
She shot Tom.
She shot a bear.
She shot a dog.
She shot a glance at her mother.
She shot a gun.
She shot a rubber band at him.
She shot a warm smile at the old lady.
She shot an arrow at the deer.
She shot and killed him.
She shot at Skura.
She shot down a helicopter.
She shot her.
She shot herself in the foot.
She shot herself in the head.
She shot herself in the leg accidentally.
She shot herself in the leg.
She shot herself last night.
She shot herself with her father's gun and died.
She shot herself.
She shot him a withering glance.
She shot him in the knee before she blew his brains out.
She shot him with a machine gun.
She shot him with a pistol.
She shot him with a rifle.
She shot him.
She shot his dog.
She shot in the air.
She shot me.
She shot off like an arrow from a taut bow.
She shot the bear.
She shot the deer.
She shot the dog that attacked him.
She shot the wolf.
She shot videos in the haunted house.
She should already be here.
She should apologize to him.
She should apologize.
She should be able to change the tire by herself.
She should be able to control herself.
She should be able to do that by herself.
She should be able to fix it herself.
She should be ashamed of herself.
She should be ashamed.
She should be aware of this.
She should be careful not to underestimate him.
She should be charged with murder.
She should be dating him.
She should be frozen!
She should be helping him.
She should be here by now.
She should be here soon.
She should be here.
She should be in charge.
She should be in her office.
She should be in her room.
She should be in jail.
She should be put into hibernation!
She should be resting.
She should be revising for tomorrow's exam.
She should be saving money.
She should be selective about her food.
She should be stopped.
She should be there at noon.
She should be there now because she left an hour ago.
She should be there now because she left early.
She should be there now.
She should be twenty.
She should blame herself.
She should call her husband.
She should call him.
She should cancel her party.
She should clean her room.
She should come.
She should do that by herself.
She should do that herself.
She should do that if she wants to.
She should do that.
She should eat breakfast.
She should fill out her marital status in the questionnaire.
She should follow him.
She should follow the advice of her mother.
She should get a new computer.
She should get herself a dog.
She should get some rest.
She should get to the school in an hour.
She should go back.
She should go help him.
She should go see a doctor.
She should go to the gym.
She should go with him.
She should go.
She should have a simple but generous diet with plenty of fluids; three regular meals may be given and gruel, milk, or cocoa at bed-time and sometimes between meals.
She should have apologized to him.
She should have arrived by now, but she hasn't.
She should have arrived home by now.
She should have arrived late last night.
She should have been home by now. Do you think she's OK?
She should have been killed in the accident, but she survived.
She should have been more careful.
She should have bought a used car.
She should have called an ambulance.
She should have done it.
She should have followed Mary's advice.
She should have kept her mouth shut.
She should have kept quiet.
She should have known better.
She should have no problem passing the exam.
She should have someone do that for her.
She should have stopped while she had the chance.
She should have the right to decide for herself.
She should have waited for Mary.
She should help her mother.
She should help him.
She should investigate.
She should just talk to him.
She should just try to eat healthier.
She should know better at her age.
She should know better.
She should know that.
She should learn Esperanto.
She should let him know that she likes him.
She should let me help her.
She should listen more to other people.
She should model her manners on her sister.
She should never have borrowed money from him.
She should never have eaten at that restaurant.
She should never have gone in the first place!
She should never have gone there by herself.
She should never have stayed at that hotel.
She should never have trusted him.
She should not feel offended.
She should not have done such a thing.
She should not have married Tom.
She should pay what she owes.
She should probably spend more time with him.
She should probably tell him she loves him.
She should pull herself together.
She should report Nuja to the police right away.
She should rest a bit.
She should see about getting her ass in gear.
She should show us the shoes she chose.
She should stay where she is.
She should stay with him.
She should stop.
She should take her medication.
She should take into consideration the advice of her mother.
She should take my advice.
She should talk to Tom.
She should talk to her lawyer.
She should tell him she won't leave him.
She should thank him.
She should thank me.
She should try to help him.
She should wait for him.
She should wait.
She should work on her look.
She should've apologized to him.
She should've been dancing with him.
She should've been helping him.
She should've been nicer to him.
She should've called him.
She should've danced with him.
She should've dealt with that herself.
She should've done that by herself.
She should've done that herself.
She should've done that with him.
She should've gone shopping with him.
She should've gone to Boston with him.
She should've gone with him.
She should've helped him with his homework.
She should've helped him.
She should've hugged him.
She should've invited him.
She should've kissed him.
She should've known better than to believe him.
She should've known better than to get involved with him.
She should've known better than to lend money to him.
She should've known better than to trust him.
She should've let me talk to her.
She should've let me talk to him.
She should've listened to him.
She should've married him.
She should've offered to help him.
She should've paged him.
She should've paid attention to him.
She should've paid him.
She should've paid more attention at school.
She should've protected him.
She should've smiled at him.
She should've stayed and helped him.
She should've stayed to protect him.
She should've stayed where she was.
She should've stopped him.
She should've talked to him.
She should've told him she loved him.
She should've told him that she loved him.
She should've told him.
She should've waited for him.
She should've walked home with him.
She should've warned him.
She shouldn't be allowed to go to Boston by herself.
She shouldn't do that by herself.
She shouldn't even be out there.
She shouldn't get carried away.
She shouldn't go by herself.
She shouldn't go out by herself at night.
She shouldn't go there by herself.
She shouldn't go with him.
She shouldn't have a baby with him.
She shouldn't have any problem passing the exam.
She shouldn't have blown a fuse.
She shouldn't have bought this shirt.
She shouldn't have confidence in Tom.
She shouldn't have done that without him.
She shouldn't have done that.
She shouldn't have done what she did.
She shouldn't have ever tried doing that by herself.
She shouldn't have ever tried to do that by herself.
She shouldn't have gone out after dark by herself.
She shouldn't have gone to Boston by herself.
She shouldn't have hugged him.
She shouldn't have married him.
She shouldn't have said that.
She shouldn't have sold that Kabyle dress.
She shouldn't have stayed here by herself.
She shouldn't have told him.
She shouldn't have trusted him.
She shouldn't have walked home by herself.
She shouldn't have written that.
She shouldn't listen to him.
She shouldn't make fun of him.
She shouldn't say that to him.
She shouldn't say things like that to him.
She shouldn't trust him.
She shouldn't wear anything over that Kabyle dress.
She shouldn't worry about him.
She shouldn’t get carried away.
She shouldn’t go by herself.
She shouldn’t go out by herself at night.
She shouted and threatened a policeman by brandishing a knife.
She shouted angrily.
She shouted as loud as she could.
She shouted at him.
She shouted at the top of her voice.
She shouted at the waitress.
She shouted for help, but no one came.
She shouted herself hoarse.
She shouted that she was OK.
She shouted that she was safe.
She shouted to him, but he didn't hear her.
She shouted to him, but he didn’t hear her.
She shouted to him.
She shouted when she saw the snake.
She shouted with all her strength.
She shouted, but nobody heard her.
She shouted.
She shoved all her papers in the carryall before boarding the plane.
She shoved her plate of food toward him.
She shoved the bowl toward him.
She shoved the knife in to the hilt.
She showed Linda that.
She showed Nuja the other side of the mansion.
She showed Rima the Tamazight alphabet.
She showed Rima the money.
She showed Skura the photo.
She showed a great deal of wit in handling the delicate question.
She showed a knack of insults.
She showed a photo of her mother to us.
She showed a picture.
She showed absolutely no interest in the photos.
She showed absolutely no sign of remorse.
She showed and told me everything I needed to know.
She showed great interest in the photos.
She showed great skill on the piano.
She showed greater composure than others did.
She showed hardly any interest in the photos.
She showed her album to me.
She showed her baby to the guest.
She showed her camera to him.
She showed her child to the visitors.
She showed her courage in the face of danger.
She showed her guests how to eat what she had prepared.
She showed her my photograph.
She showed her photo album to him.
She showed her regret over the serious mistake.
She showed her stamp collection to him.
She showed him a picture of her high school.
She showed him a picture.
She showed him her ankle.
She showed him how to sew a button on.
She showed him how to tie different knots.
She showed him how to use the new software.
She showed him my picture.
She showed him several books that were on the shelf.
She showed him the letter from her father.
She showed him the letter from his father.
She showed him the photo.
She showed him to his seat.
She showed him various books that were on the shelf.
She showed him what she had bought for him.
She showed him where to put his umbrella.
She showed interest in the tsambouna when she was four years old.
She showed it to me.
She showed little interest in the photos.
She showed me a letter from him.
She showed me a letter written in English.
She showed me a picture of her mother as a schoolgirl.
She showed me a picture of him.
She showed me all around Algiers.
She showed me around the campus.
She showed me around.
She showed me everything.
She showed me great kindness.
She showed me her Japanese garden with its bonsais.
She showed me her album.
She showed me her garden.
She showed me her hands.
She showed me her new car.
She showed me her new guitar.
She showed me her phone.
She showed me her picture.
She showed me her portfolio.
She showed me her room.
She showed me her schedule.
She showed me her stamp collection.
She showed me his album.
She showed me how to make spaghetti.
She showed me round the campus.
She showed me some letters that she had received from her fans.
She showed me some pictures of herself.
She showed me that book.
She showed me the door.
She showed me the house.
She showed me the letter from him.
She showed me the letter she got from him.
She showed me the poems that she had written in her youth.
She showed me the present that she had received from her boyfriend.
She showed me the snaps which she had taken during her journey.
She showed me the way to the palace.
She showed me the way.
She showed me to my room.
She showed me what she meant.
She showed me where I would sleep.
She showed me where my room was.
She showed me where she found it.
She showed me which dress to wear.
She showed more composure than others.
She showed no interest in the photos.
She showed some annoyance at not being able to be convincing.
She showed some photos to him.
She showed some pictures to him.
She showed something to him.
She showed that picture to her hairstylist.
She showed the documents to him.
She showed the drawing to him.
She showed the forgery to him.
She showed the passengers how to fasten their seat belts.
She showed the picture to him.
She showed the pictures to him.
She showed the police to the closet.
She showed the visitor her baby.
She showed them how to fasten their seat belts.
She showed them other customs.
She showed up Monday night.
She showed up at school.
She showed up at the party by herself, just like I knew she would.
She showed up at the party looking like a million dollars.
She showed up early for practice.
She showed up in the park at the appointed time.
She showed up late.
She showed up.
She showed us a beautiful hat.
She showed us a photo of her mother.
She showed us a picture of him.
She showed us her home.
She showed us her mother's photo.
She showed us her mother's picture.
She showed us her new clothes.
She showed you what to do.
She showered abuse on me.
She showered him with confetti.
She showered there.
She showered us with compliments.
She showered.
She showers a hundred times per day.
She showers every morning.
She showers.
She shows a shy disposition.
She shows a very positive attitude to her work.
She shows her mother the seashell she picked up.
She shows no zeal for her work.
She shows off her beauty.
She shows warmth to others.
She shredded the lettuce.
She shrieked whenever she saw a spider.
She shrieked with delight.
She shrieked.
She shrugged her shoulders.
She shrugged.
She shuddered at the sight of the one-eyed cat.
She shuddered at the thought of snakes.
She shuddered at the thought of the accident.
She shuddered to see the dead cat.
She shuddered with cold.
She shuns mirrors, feeling that she isn't beautiful.
She shut an umbrella and began to run.
She shut her eyes again.
She shut her eyes because the light was so strong.
She shut her eyes.
She shut her notebook.
She shut herself up in her bedroom.
She shut herself up in her room.
She shut the book and closed her eyes.
She shut the car door on her finger.
She shut the child in his room until he stopped crying.
She shut the door and went upstairs.
She shut the door on her finger.
She shut the door.
She shut up.
She shyly raised her hand.
She sided with him.
She sidestepped the opponent with the ball.
She sighed and clasped her hands tightly together.
She sighed contentedly as she sank into the comfortable armchair.
She sighed over her unhappy fate.
She sighed with disappointment at the news.
She sighed, wiping her face.
She sighed.
She signed a check.
She signed a non-disclosure agreement.
She signed her name with the new pen that she got from him.
She signed her name with the pen he'd given her.
She signed her name.
She signed over the car to Tom.
She signed over the money to her daughter.
She signed the contract.
She signed the document first.
She signed the forms with a blue pen.
She signed the papers.
She signed the same agreement.
She signed to me to say nothing.
She signed up for a Spanish course.
She signs the most important documents.
She silenced her critics.
She silently filed away that piece of information, thinking it might be useful later.
She simply can't refuse her grandson's request.
She simply cannot keep her mouth shut, not even for a second.
She simply desired a quiet existence.
She simply had no alternative.
She simply had no choice.
She simply had no other choice.
She simply stared at me in amazement and went away without saying a word.
She simply wept a river of tears before her father's grave.
She simply wept a river of tears before her father’s grave.
She sings and dances very well.
She sings as well as plays the piano.
She sings badly.
She sings beautifully.
She sings in Kabyle.
She sings in an unbelievable way.
She sings in the choir.
She sings incredibly well.
She sings it in an astonishing way.
She sings like a nightingale.
She sings like an angel.
She sings like that.
She sings on an album
She sings on an album.
She sings out of tune.
She sings so well!
She sings soprano.
She sings very well.
She sings well, but she can't dance.
She sings well, to be sure, but she can't act.
She sings well, to be sure, but she can’t act.
She sings well.
She sings with a beautiful voice.
She sings with us.
She sings, he plays the guitar and we dance.
She sings.
She sinks her teeth into a juicy red apple.
She sipped her coffee.
She sipped her drink.
She sipped her hot chocolate.
She sipped her morning coffee while scrolling through the news on her phone.
She sipped her tea.
She sipped her wine.
She sits behind him.
She sits in the room in front of the television watching the news.
She sits on a chair.
She sits quietly in the classroom.
She sits with him.
She skates better than I do because she practices more often.
She sketched a majestic peacock.
She sketched a picture of an elephant for him.
She skilfully plays her suitors off against each other.
She skimmed through the register to see if her name was in it.
She skinned a wolf.
She skinned her elbow.
She skinned her knee.
She skinned it.
She skinned the gazelle.
She skipped a class.
She skipped class to hang out with her friends.
She skived off school.
She slammed her fist on the table.
She slammed her hands on the table.
She slammed on the brakes.
She slammed the door as she left.
She slammed the door in Tom's face.
She slammed the door in his face.
She slammed the door on her way out.
She slammed the door shut.
She slammed the door.
She slapped Silya.
She slapped her friend in the face.
She slapped him across the face.
She slapped him in the face.
She slapped him silly.
She slapped him.
She slapped his face.
She slapped his hand away.
She slapped me across the face.
She slapped me on the chin.
She slapped me.
She sleeps a lot.
She sleeps as if she had never done that before.
She sleeps here.
She sleeps in the car.
She sleeps like a baby.
She sleeps on her back.
She sleeps on her stomach.
She sleeps only for about five hours a night.
She sleeps peacefully.
She sleeps until noon.
She sleeps whenever she can.
She sleeps with her boss.
She sleeps with her socks on.
She sleeps with him.
She sleeps with scissors.
She sleeps with two pillows.
She slept OK.
She slept all day yesterday.
She slept all day.
She slept alone.
She slept an hour.
She slept at his place.
She slept at our place.
She slept at ten o'clock yesterday.
She slept better.
She slept deeply.
She slept even longer.
She slept even more.
She slept for a few hours.
She slept her hangover off.
She slept in an elegant bed with red silk pillows, embroidered with colored violets; and then she dreamed as pleasantly as a queen on her wedding day.
She slept in her clothes.
She slept in her office.
She slept in our house yesterday.
She slept in the barn.
She slept in the car.
She slept in worry.
She slept it off.
She slept late and missed the schoolbus.
She slept more than ten hours yesterday.
She slept off her hangover.
She slept on the bus.
She slept on the grass.
She slept on the plane.
She slept outside, but I don't know where.
She slept poorly and was so pale and tragic at breakfast next morning that Marilla was alarmed and insisted on making her take a cup of scorching ginger tea.
She slept restlessly.
She slept soundly all throughout the night.
She slept too much.
She slept while I finished eating breakfast.
She slept with Mom.
She slept with Sean Connery.
She slept with Skura's boyfriend.
She slept with a famous actor.
She slept with another man.
She slept with her boss.
She slept with her director.
She slept with her mother's boyfriend.
She slept with her shoes on.
She slept with her sister's boyfriend.
She slept with him too soon.
She slept with him.
She slept with me.
She slept with my husband and they had a son.
She slept with my husband.
She slept with one ear open.
She slept with other men.
She slept with the window open.
She slept.
She sliced a tomato up.
She sliced the ball out of bounds.
She sliced the cake into equal portions.
She slices the cheese.
She slid a little closer to him on the sofa.
She slid her hand into mine.
She slid into the seat next to him.
She slid off her horse.
She slid to intercept the rolling ball.
She slipped a bookmark between the pages, closed the book, and laid down to sleep.
She slipped a drop of love potion into his coffee.
She slipped and fell.
She slipped and hit her head.
She slipped crossing the road.
She slipped her arm into his.
She slipped in crossing the road.
She slipped into a new way of life.
She slipped into her clothes.
She slipped into sleep.
She slipped off her wedding ring.
She slipped on a sheet of ice.
She slipped quickly into the land of Nod.
She slipped some money into her son's hand.
She slipped some money into her son’s hand.
She slipped something in his coffee.
She slipped the note into his pocket.
She slipped, hit her head, and died.
She slipped.
She slow-cooked the beef roast.
She slowly closed her eyes.
She slowly developed hatred toward me.
She slowly disappeared into the foggy forest.
She slowly lost hope.
She slowly moved forward.
She slowly opened her eyes.
She slowly sidestepped.
She slowly walked towards him.
She slumped down next to him.
She slumped in her chair.
She slumped into the armchair with a groan.
She slung a blue towel over her shoulder.
She slung her bag over her shoulder.
She smacked him across the face.
She smarted from the insult.
She smashed the plates on the floor.
She smelled like fried food.
She smelled like shit.
She smelled that sauce.
She smells bad.
She smells disgusting.
She smells horrible.
She smells like she deep fried the earth.
She smells really nice.
She smells!
She smelt funky.
She smelt that.
She smelt urine.
She smiled a bittersweet smile.
She smiled a charming smile.
She smiled a lot but she could not speak Japanese.
She smiled and accepted my little present.
She smiled and it lit up the room.
She smiled and said goodbye.
She smiled and waved at him.
She smiled as she remembered a funny joke.
She smiled as she took her seat.
She smiled at Mina.
She smiled at a passer-by.
She smiled at her baby.
She smiled at herself in the mirror.
She smiled at him uneasily.
She smiled at him.
She smiled at his boldness.
She smiled at his every word.
She smiled at his tales, for she knew all about the bottom of the sea much better than any one else.
She smiled at me and then I smiled at her.
She smiled at me as she passed me in the street.
She smiled at me when I met her.
She smiled at me while she sang a song.
She smiled at me with friendly brown eyes.
She smiled at me yesterday.
She smiled at me, whilst she sang.
She smiled at me.
She smiled at the memory of yesterday.
She smiled at the memory.
She smiled at the sight of her mother.
She smiled at the thought of him.
She smiled at the thought of seeing him again.
She smiled at you, didn't she?
She smiled awkwardly at him.
She smiled back at her.
She smiled back at him.
She smiled back.
She smiled broadly at me.
She smiled calmly.
She smiled happily.
She smiled her acknowledgment.
She smiled in response to his affectionate glance.
She smiled me into good humor.
She smiled nervously.
She smiled radiantly, lighting up the room.
She smiled sadly.
She smiled softly.
She smiled sweetly, then turned, and slipped a few drops of arsenic into his teacup.
She smiled to herself.
She smiled to smooth things over.
She smiled warmly at the elderly couple sitting on the bench.
She smiled when she saw him.
She smiled when she saw me.
She smiled whenever he looked her way.
She smiled whenever he spoke.
She smiled widely at me.
She smiled without a reason.
She smiled, but I knew it wasn't a real smile.
She smiled, but he saw through it.
She smiled, her little pearl-white teeth gleaming in the moonlight, as she spoke.
She smiled, not being able to help it.
She smiled, waving her hand.
She smiled.
She smiles a lot.
She smiles at me.
She smiles every time she sees him.
She smiles when I am unhappy.
She smiles, very moving.
She smiles.
She smilingly consented to tell them all she could recall on the subject that would be interesting to them, and bidding them seat themselves close beside her she began.
She smirked.
She smoked a cigar.
She smoked a cigarette.
She smoked.
She smokes 20 cigarettes a day.
She smokes a lot.
She smokes excessively.
She smokes pot.
She smokes twenty cigarettes a day.
She smokes weed.
She smokes.
She smoothed her hair.
She smoothly and elegantly poured the water into the glass.
She smothered Maya.
She smothered the cake with rich chocolate ganache.
She smuggled something into Australia for him.
She snagged a bloated dead fish with her fishing hook and had to hold her breath while she removed it.
She snapped at him.
She snapped at me like a dog.
She snapped her fingers.
She snatched him up in a whirlwind, exhaling flames from his pierced chest, and impaled him on the point of a rock.
She snatched his phone out of his hand.
She snatched the bag from me and ran off.
She snatched the binoculars out of his hands.
She snatched the doll away from him.
She sneaked into the room.
She sneaked out.
She sneaked up behind him.
She sneaked up behind me.
She sneaks around on the weekends.
She sneered.
She sneezed.
She snickered at him.
She snickered to herself.
She snickered.
She sniffed around.
She sniffed out his true intentions, huh.
She snores.
She snorted.
She snuck into the room.
She snuck out the house without him knowing.
She snuck out to meet him.
She snuck out to meet up with a boy.
She snuck out.
She snuck up behind him.
She snuggled in close, putting her arm around him.
She snuggled under the covers on the bed.
She so wants to go.
She sobbed for a while.
She sobbed heavily.
She softly closed the door and tiptoed over to him.
She softly stole out of the room.
She soiled herself.
She sold a refrigerator.
She sold all her furniture so that she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
She sold all her property.
She sold all her valuables.
She sold all of her belongings.
She sold all of her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
She sold apples at the market.
She sold cookies.
She sold everything of value that she had.
She sold everything she owned.
She sold her Kabyle dress.
She sold her Opel and bought a BMW.
She sold her Volkswagen and bought a Mercedes.
She sold her car last week.
She sold her car three weeks ago.
She sold her car to him.
She sold her car.
She sold her company to him.
She sold her company.
She sold her gun to him.
She sold her house for $300,000.
She sold her house last week.
She sold her house three months ago.
She sold her house.
She sold her motorcycle to him.
She sold her old car to him.
She sold her old car to me.
She sold her old clarinet to him.
She sold her old refrigerator to him.
She sold him her car.
She sold his car.
She sold me her old car.
She sold off her furniture. In this way, she will be able to feed herself and her dog.
She sold off the furniture.
She sold postcards.
She sold some apples at the market.
She sold some of the potatoes she'd bought to him.
She sold that Kabyle dress for forty dollars.
She sold the cookies.
She sold the furniture.
She sold the guitar that her father gave her.
She sold vuvuzelas.
She solved a case.
She solved the math problems.
She solved the problem with ease.
She solved the puzzle with ease.
She solved the task in ten minutes.
She solves problems efficiently.
She somehow managed to carry her bags everywhere.
She sometimes ditches school just for the hell of it.
She sometimes eats in her bedroom.
She sometimes eats out with him.
She sometimes fakes her orgasms.
She sometimes feels overwhelmed by his desires.
She sometimes gets depressed.
She sometimes goes into a mood of depression.
She sometimes has her mother cut her hair.
She sometimes has her sister write her term papers.
She sometimes helps her mother.
She sometimes hesitates before answering.
She sometimes mixes up fancies with realities.
She sometimes plays tennis with him.
She sometimes puts honey in her tea.
She sometimes stays up late at night.
She sometimes takes a walk in the park.
She sometimes talks in her sleep.
She sometimes walks in her sleep.
She sometimes watches TV.
She sometimes writes to her son.
She soon adjusted herself to the new school.
She soon adjusted herself to village life.
She soon adjusted to his way of life.
She soon became pregnant.
She soon came to believe him.
She soon caught up with him.
She soon fell in love with him.
She soon forgot about the poor frog.
She soon found fresh hope.
She soon found hope again.
She soon grew tired of her prosaic life.
She soon realized she needed to help him.
She soon realized she was alone.
She soon realized she was trapped.
She soon realized she wasn't alone.
She soon realized that she needed to help him.
She soon realized that she was alone.
She soon remarried.
She soon returned home.
She sort of liked him.
She sort of took me under her wing.
She sorted her laundry.
She sorted the beans by size.
She sorted the files in alphabetical order.
She sorted the washing before putting it in the washing machine.
She sought asylum in Turkey.
She sought for the wood for cooking and herbs for vegetables, and put the pans on the fire so that the dinner was always ready when the eleven came. She likewise kept order in the little house, and put beautifully white clean coverings on the little beds, and the brothers were always contented and lived in great harmony with her.
She sought forgiveness for her guilty acts.
She sought help from a friend.
She sought therapy to cope with trauma.
She sounded a little angry.
She sounded a little disappointed.
She sounded angry.
She sounded as if she were in a jocular mood.
She sounded confused. She didn't even know what the current year was.
She sounded crazy.
She sounded desperate.
She sounded disappointed.
She sounded genuinely concerned.
She sounded insane.
She sounded intrigued.
She sounded irritated.
She sounded like she had a cold.
She sounded like she meant it.
She sounded like she was upset.
She sounded mad.
She sounded ridiculous.
She sounded slightly jealous.
She sounded very tired.
She sounds angry.
She sounds desperate.
She sounds disappointed.
She sounds like a nice person.
She sounds like my ex.
She sounds very immature.
She sowed her field with barley.
She sowed vegetables in her garden.
She sowed wheat in her field.
She spaced out in front of the TV.
She spake, and vanished in the gloom of night.
She spat on the floor.
She spat.
She speaks Arabic.
She speaks Bangla.
She speaks Bengali.
She speaks Berber all the time.
She speaks Berber fluently.
She speaks Berber like a native.
She speaks Berber slowly.
She speaks Berber to her kids.
She speaks Berber very quickly.
She speaks Berber with her grandparents.
She speaks Berber with her mother-in-law.
She speaks Berber.
She speaks Chinese.
She speaks Danish.
She speaks English and German.
She speaks English and also speaks Swahili.
She speaks English as if she were a native speaker.
She speaks English as well as I do.
She speaks English as well as I.
She speaks English better than any of her classmates.
She speaks English fluently.
She speaks English outstandingly well.
She speaks English really well.
She speaks English relatively well.
She speaks English terribly.
She speaks English very fluently.
She speaks English very well.
She speaks English well.
She speaks English with a foreign accent.
She speaks English with an odd accent.
She speaks English, and French as well.
She speaks English.
She speaks Esperanto and Portuguese.
She speaks French and German and also a little Russian.
She speaks French fluently.
She speaks French to her teachers.
She speaks French too.
She speaks French with him.
She speaks French, and so does he.
She speaks French, but doesn't know a word of English.
She speaks French, doesn't she?
She speaks French, much more English.
She speaks French, not to speak of English.
She speaks French.
She speaks German and French, not to mention English.
She speaks German fluently.
She speaks German, not to mention English.
She speaks German.
She speaks Greek perfectly.
She speaks Hebrew with her mother and Polish with her father.
She speaks Hebrew.
She speaks Hungarian.
She speaks Interlingua fluently.
She speaks Italian fluently and correctly.
She speaks Italian, but she's never been to Italy.
She speaks Italian.
She speaks Japanese like a native.
She speaks Japanese to some extent.
She speaks Japanese well.
She speaks Japanese.
She speaks Kadazan and also speaks Cantonese.
She speaks Kurdish.
She speaks Kurmanji.
She speaks Magyar.
She speaks Nahuatl with her family.
She speaks Polish.
She speaks Portuguese.
She speaks Russian too.
She speaks Russian, too.
She speaks Russian.
She speaks Slovak.
She speaks Spanish well.
She speaks Spanish, not to mention English.
She speaks Spanish.
She speaks Standard Chinese.
She speaks Yiddish.
She speaks a bit of English.
She speaks a little Arabic.
She speaks as if she had really been in France.
She speaks as if she has read the book first.
She speaks as if she were a teacher.
She speaks at the political rally.
She speaks both English and French.
She speaks both Upper and Lower Sorbian.
She speaks clearly enough to be easily understood.
She speaks clearly to be easily understood.
She speaks fairly quickly.
She speaks few languages.
She speaks five foreign languages, but when she wants to curse she speaks in her mother tongue.
She speaks fluent Berber.
She speaks fluent German.
She speaks frankly.
She speaks good English.
She speaks her mind.
She speaks in broken English.
She speaks loudly.
She speaks multiple languages, including Berber.
She speaks no Berber.
She speaks not only English but also French.
She speaks not only German and French, but English as well.
She speaks only about work.
She speaks our language fluently.
She speaks perfect Berber.
She speaks proper Berber.
She speaks quickly.
She speaks quite fast.
She speaks rather quickly.
She speaks really well.
She speaks relatively fast.
She speaks relatively quickly.
She speaks seven languages.
She speaks several European languages.
She speaks several languages.
She speaks some English.
She speaks ten languages, including Berber.
She speaks ten languages.
She speaks the Magyar language.
She speaks the languages of many countries.
She speaks the truth.
She speaks three languages.
She speaks too much.
She speaks two foreign languages.
She speaks very fast.
She speaks very rapidly.
She speaks very slowly.
She speaks very well.
She speaks with a colloquial Kabyle.
She speaks with clarity.
She speaks with her mother every day.
She speaks with her sister.
She speaks with quiet authority.
She speaks with wisdom.
She speaks without an accent.
She specializes in astrology.
She specially loved roses, and therefore she possessed the most beautiful varieties of this flower.
She sped along at a breakneck pace!
She speed-walked.
She spends a little time each day reading the Bible.
She spends a lot of her time helping him.
She spends a lot of money on books.
She spends a lot of money on clothes.
She spends a lot of money on shoes.
She spends a lot of money when she goes abroad.
She spends a lot of time helping her children learn to deal with money.
She spends a lot of time helping him.
She spends a lot of time in the garden.
She spends a lot of time on the phone.
She spends a lot of time practicing the piano.
She spends a lot of time reading in the library.
She spends a lot of time with him.
She spends a major part of her income on food.
She spends a majority of her time helping him.
She spends a majority of her time taking care of her children.
She spends a pretty good chunk of time just sitting there and looking out the window.
She spends all her free time with him.
She spends all her time studying.
She spends all her time thinking about boys.
She spends all her time thinking about him.
She spends all of her money on clothes.
She spends all of her time painting.
She spends as much money as she earns.
She spends every Saturday afternoon playing tennis.
She spends her days tapping away at her computer keyboard.
She spends her evenings in front of her laptop.
She spends her free time making dolls.
She spends her holidays at her uncle's.
She spends her holidays at her uncle’s.
She spends her leisure time making dolls.
She spends hours looking at the sky.
She spends lots of money on clothes.
She spends many hours at the gym to lose weight.
She spends more than she earns.
She spends more time organizing than I.
She spends more time thinking about work than doing it.
She spends most of her income on books.
She spends most of her money on clothes.
She spends most of her money on food.
She spends most of her money on her dresses.
She spends most of her time at home.
She spends most of her time surfing.
She spends much money on books.
She spends much money on dresses.
She spends over a third of her time doing paperwork.
She spends three dollars a day for lunch and dinner.
She spends time Facetiming with friends and family.
She spends time with her grandmother every Sunday.
She spends way too much time surfing the web.
She spends way too much time thinking about him.
She spent Christmas all by herself.
She spent Christmas in Boston with him.
She spent Christmas with her family.
She spent a good deal of money on her vacation.
She spent a lot of money.
She spent a lot of time helping him.
She spent a lot of time practicing the piano.
She spent a lot of time talking with him.
She spent a lot of time with her friends and seemed happy with that.
She spent a lot of time with him.
She spent a lot of time writing her essay.
She spent a really nice day on the beach.
She spent a sleepless night thinking of him.
She spent a sleepless night.
She spent a year with him.
She spent all afternoon cooking.
She spent all afternoon helping him.
She spent all day Monday with him.
She spent all day alone in her room.
She spent all evening in her bedroom.
She spent all her Christmases at home with her family.
She spent all her money on clothes.
She spent all her time working.
She spent all morning looking for him.
She spent all of her Christmases at home with her family.
She spent all the money I gave her.
She spent an hour prattling on about her new job.
She spent an incredible day.
She spent days without taking food and nights without obtaining sleep; she laughed and wept by turns; she would doze and suddenly awake with a start; she would turn pale and immediately afterwards her cheeks became suffused with a blaze.
She spent every Friday with her dear friend Marta.
She spent four days in Kabylie.
She spent gobs of money on clothes.
She spent her later life with a hidden sorrow.
She spent her life in pursuit of the truth.
She spent her life searching for truth.
She spent her money.
She spent her nights wrapped in torment.
She spent her spare time making dolls.
She spent her summer on the beach.
She spent her summer vacation with him.
She spent hours alone, absorbed in contemplating the incessant hustle and bustle of the ants in the ant mound behind the house.
She spent long periods of time in a foreign country.
She spent many days knitting a sweater for him.
She spent months obsessing about the tile inlay rather than dealing with the structural problems of the house.
She spent more money than usual.
She spent more than four months abroad.
She spent most of her life taking care of poor people.
She spent most of her senior year in high school strung out on drugs.
She spent most of the day at the hospital.
She spent no less than 1,000 dollars on her clothes.
She spent over half an hour plucking her eyebrows!
She spent seven years in Siberia.
She spent so much time and energy preparing that wedding.
She spent some time in Algeria.
She spent some time in Boston.
She spent some time with him.
She spent ten days without a toilet or shower.
She spent the afternoon with him.
She spent the day with her daughter.
She spent the day with her parents.
She spent the day with him.
She spent the entire afternoon with him.
She spent the entire day fretting about the issue.
She spent the entire evening in her bedroom.
She spent the last ten years of her life here.
She spent the night anxious.
She spent the night at our place yesterday.
She spent the night at our place.
She spent the night at ours.
She spent the night cooking.
She spent the night driving.
She spent the night fixing the computer.
She spent the night in her van.
She spent the night in the bathroom.
She spent the night practicing.
She spent the night studying.
She spent the night with him.
She spent the night with me.
She spent the night with us.
She spent the night working.
She spent the night writing.
She spent the remainder of the night thinking about him.
She spent the rest of the night with him.
She spent the summer months in Rome.
She spent the weekend by herself.
She spent the weekend in Boston with him.
She spent the weekend with her paramour.
She spent the whole Christmas home with her parents.
She spent the whole day reading in bed.
She spent the whole day thinking of him.
She spent the whole day with Mom.
She spent the whole evening in her bedroom.
She spent the whole morning with him.
She spent the whole night looking for him.
She spent the whole night thinking about him.
She spent the whole night worrying about him.
She spent the whole weekend revising.
She spent three weeks in Boston with him.
She spent three weeks in Islamabad.
She spent time in other parts of the house.
She spent time with him.
She spent two nights in this hotel.
She spied on him while he was bathing.
She spilled a glass of red wine on my new dress.
She spilled coffee on her Kabyle dress.
She spilled coffee on herself.
She spilled coffee on the table.
She spilled her coffee on my new shoes.
She spilled her coffee.
She spilled her drink all over my dress.
She spilled her drink all over my tuxedo.
She spilled her drink on herself.
She spilled her drink on him.
She spilled her drink.
She spilled soda down my TV.
She spilled soup on her shirt.
She spilled the beans to him.
She spilled wine on her shirt.
She spilt ink on the desk.
She spit on me.
She spit out an angry reply.
She spit out her gum.
She splashed cold water on her face.
She splashed herself with cold water.
She splashed some water on her face.
She split the bill with him.
She split up with him.
She spoke Berber.
She spoke Czech.
She spoke English to me just to show off.
She spoke French.
She spoke Japanese well.
She spoke a good Japanese.
She spoke about the consequences of her carelessness.
She spoke about the problem with him.
She spoke above her breath.
She spoke again.
She spoke as if she were my mother.
She spoke as though nothing had happened.
She spoke breathlessly when she finally managed to catch up with him.
She spoke confidently.
She spoke for 30 minutes without a break.
She spoke for the homeless.
She spoke highly of him.
She spoke highly of you.
She spoke impolitely.
She spoke in Berber.
She spoke in a friendly voice.
She spoke in a gentle voice.
She spoke in a querulous voice.
She spoke in a small voice.
She spoke in a thick Kabyle accent.
She spoke in a weak voice.
She spoke in behalf of the homeless.
She spoke in evasive bromides.
She spoke in mild accents.
She spoke in soft tones.
She spoke loud and clear.
She spoke loudly.
She spoke much, yet said nothing.
She spoke of peace.
She spoke only German.
She spoke out strongly against cruelty to animals.
She spoke plainly about it.
She spoke quietly with him.
She spoke rapidly.
She spoke relatively quickly.
She spoke scarcely a word of English.
She spoke several European languages fluently.
She spoke slowly in case the students should miss her words.
She spoke through an interpreter.
She spoke to her uncle on the phone.
She spoke to him about the matter.
She spoke to him.
She spoke to me about her plans.
She spoke to me about him.
She spoke to me in Spanish.
She spoke to me in a friendly manner.
She spoke to me in a friendly way.
She spoke to me in a whisper.
She spoke to me with a smile.
She spoke to the children in a gentle voice.
She spoke to the imam.
She spoke to the section manager.
She spoke too quickly, so I couldn't understand.
She spoke too quickly, so I couldn’t understand.
She spoke up for him.
She spoke very well, did she not?
She spoke very well.
She spoke well of you.
She spoke wisely.
She spoke with a soft voice.
She spoke with a suggestion of sarcasm in her voice.
She spoke with her mouth full.
She spoke with her supervisor.
She spoke with her voice trembling.
She spoke with me in English in order to show off.
She spoke with such confidence.
She spoke with tears in her eyes.
She spoke with the school superintendent.
She spoke.
She spotted Mina.
She spotted him from above as he went through the crowd.
She spotted movement in the distance.
She spotted the hyena.
She sprained both of her wrists in the fall.
She sprained her ankle on Monday.
She sprained her ankle while hiking.
She sprained her ankle yesterday.
She sprained her wrist on Monday.
She sprained her wrist.
She sprang into action.
She sprang to her feet.
She sprayed pesticide on the flowers.
She spread a beautiful cloth on a table.
She spread a cloth over the table.
She spread butter on the bun.
She spread dishes on the table.
She spread earth on her face.
She spread falsehoods about him.
She spread her legs in a welcoming gesture.
She spread honey thickly on her toast.
She spread malicious rumors about her.
She spread on margarine instead of butter.
She spread out her towel on the sand.
She spread the butter on the bread.
She spread the gossip all over the town.
She spread the margarine in place of the butter.
She spreads gossip.
She sprinkled some scent on her dress.
She sprinted across campus.
She squandered her funds.
She squanders her money.
She squatted down next to her dog.
She squatted down.
She squeamishly wrinkled her nose.
She squeezed a lemon for tea.
She squeezed a lemon.
She squeezed her eyes shut.
She squeezed his hand.
She squeezed into that narrow space.
She squeezed my hand.
She squeezed oranges.
She squeezed the juice from many oranges.
She squeezed the juice from several oranges.
She squeezed the lemon as hard as she could.
She squeezed the medlars.
She squeezed the water from the cloth and spread the stained area over a chair to dry, looking disgustedly at her own dyed finger-nails.
She squinted.
She squirmed in her seat.
She squirmed sheepishly, not daring to meet her mother's eyes.
She squished a cockroach.
She squished the medlars.
She stabbed her husband repeatedly.
She stabbed him in the back.
She stabbed him in the chest.
She stabbed him with a golden trident.
She stabbed him with a knife.
She stabbed him.
She stacked the clothes in the closet.
She stacked the trays in the cupboard.
She staged her own death.
She staggered to her feet.
She staggered.
She stained the wall beige.
She stammered.
She stammers when she feels nervous.
She stamped her foot three times.
She stamped the mud off her shoes.
She stands a good chance of winning the prize.
She stands firm on her beliefs.
She stands in great danger.
She stands out from the rest.
She stands out with her red dress.
She stands tall, proud of her achievements.
She stands with her back turned to me.
She stapled the report and left it on her supervisor's desk.
She stared angrily at him.
She stared apathetically into space.
She stared at a UFO in silence.
She stared at her coffee mug.
She stared at her feet.
She stared at her hands.
She stared at her nails.
She stared at her reflection in the mirror.
She stared at herself in the mirror.
She stared at him and that made him very nervous.
She stared at him in astonishment.
She stared at him with frightened eyes.
She stared at him with hatred.
She stared at him without any facial expression.
She stared at me for a while.
She stared at me.
She stared at the ceiling.
She stared at the man in silent astonishment.
She stared at the mansion.
She stared at the painting, transfixed.
She stared at the painting.
She stared at the spot on the wall where her name used to be written.
She stared at the suspicious strangers.
She stared at us with defiant eyes.
She stared back at him.
She stared blankly at him.
She stared dolefully out of the window.
She stared down at her feet.
She stared him in the eyes.
She stared him in the face.
She stared into his eyes.
She stared me down with anger.
She stared motionlessly at the painting.
She starred a few passages with pencil.
She started a business in Algeria.
She started a cleaning business.
She started a fight with him.
She started a kiss with him.
She started a new business.
She started a wet t-shirt contest.
She started an argument.
She started apologizing.
She started at the top.
She started breathing heavier.
She started clapping again.
She started cooking.
She started coughing.
She started crying again.
She started crying and I started crying too.
She started crying when she saw my face.
She started crying, "Ah! Ah!"
She started crying, and I did too.
She started crying, and so did I.
She started crying.
She started dancing as if there was music playing.
She started dancing when she was eight.
She started dancing.
She started dating boys much older than her.
She started dating.
She started devising sinister plans.
She started doing her homework right after dinner.
She started doing some research online.
She started drinking again.
She started early in order to avoid the rush hour.
She started experimenting with new toppings.
She started falling in love with him.
She started feeling her contractions.
She started filming.
She started for Kyoto yesterday.
She started from the summit.
She started getting mad.
She started going through all the headlines.
She started going to a new high school.
She started growing incredibly fast.
She started her car and drove away.
She started her first band in 2013.
She started her new job this week.
She started her own company.
She started high school.
She started hitting him.
She started humming to herself.
She started hurriedly swimming toward the drowning boy.
She started immediately apologizing.
She started it.
She started kissing him as soon as he got home.
She started kissing him.
She started laughing hysterically.
She started laughing.
She started laying down plates on the table.
She started learning Berber.
She started learning the Quran.
She started listening.
She started making fun of him.
She started making western saddles as a hobby but there's now a three-year waiting list of people lined up to buy her designs.
She started moaning.
She started out in the U.S. as a typical Thai student, eager to study and enjoy new experiences.
She started packing her backpack.
She started packing her suitcase.
She started packing her things up.
She started preparing the quiz questions for the kids.
She started primary school.
She started punching the invisible wall.
She started pursuing him before he became famous.
She started reading about Islam.
She started reading bridal magazines.
She started reading the Quran.
She started running her fingers through her hair.
She started running in a panic.
She started school recently.
She started screaming at him.
She started screaming with glee.
She started screaming, and I ran away.
She started screaming.
She started setting the computer up.
She started shivering.
She started singing along with him.
She started singing in Berber.
She started sneezing violently.
She started sobbing.
She started speaking in Berber.
She started speaking to me in Berber.
She started strumming her guitar.
She started studying math.
She started taking Tamazight classes.
She started taking her clothes off.
She started taking her shoes off.
She started taking off her shoes.
She started talking about him.
She started talking as soon as she got through.
She started talking in Berber.
She started talking to a dog.
She started talking to herself.
She started talking to him.
She started talking with a stranger.
She started talking with him.
She started talking.
She started ten minutes ago.
She started texting him in Berber.
She started that.
She started the engine.
She started threatening Linda.
She started to ask questions about Islam.
She started to cry uncontrollably.
She started to cry.
She started to doubt herself.
She started to empty her pockets.
She started to engage in sexual activity.
She started to feel sorry for him.
She started to get hungry, so she threw a small stone in the river to kill a fish.
She started to go through the bundle of letters.
She started to help the pregnant woman.
She started to learn Berber.
She started to pack up her stuff.
She started to see another man.
She started to sing.
She started to speak again.
She started to take off her jacket.
She started to untie her shoes.
She started to wear hijab immediately.
She started to yell at him.
She started uncontrollably sobbing.
She started waiting.
She started walking towards him.
She started walking.
She started wearing Kabyle dresses.
She started wearing an Islamic headscarf during Ramadan.
She started wearing hijab when she was in high school.
She started wearing hijab.
She started working.
She started worrying about him.
She started writing novels.
She started yelling and screaming.
She started yelling at him.
She started yelling in excitement.
She started yelling.
She startled him.
She starts crying.
She starts giggling every time she sees him.
She starts her job at seven o'clock.
She starts to talk.
She starts working at seven.
She starved the dogs.
She starved to death.
She stated that they are lying.
She stayed and helped him.
She stayed as long as she could.
She stayed at a cheap hotel.
She stayed at a hotel.
She stayed at a nice hotel.
She stayed at her uncle's house.
She stayed at home all day instead of going out.
She stayed at home all day long yesterday.
She stayed at home all day.
She stayed at home as she didn't have a car.
She stayed at home as she didn’t have a car.
She stayed at home by herself.
She stayed at home with her family.
She stayed at home with him.
She stayed at home yesterday as it was so cold.
She stayed at our house last night.
She stayed at the hotel for several days.
She stayed at the hotel.
She stayed away from him.
She stayed away from those guys.
She stayed back at the hotel.
She stayed behind to help him.
She stayed behind with some friends.
She stayed by his side through thick and thin.
She stayed calm.
She stayed here by herself.
She stayed here for a moment.
She stayed home and pretended to be sick.
She stayed home by herself.
She stayed home with him.
She stayed home.
She stayed in Algeria.
She stayed in bed all day.
She stayed in her room all day.
She stayed in her room by herself.
She stayed in her room.
She stayed in that area for a short while.
She stayed in the barn till the next morning.
She stayed in the car with him.
She stayed in the hotel.
She stayed in the house all day.
She stayed in the house with him.
She stayed in the tent by herself.
She stayed in the water.
She stayed in touch with him.
She stayed inside during herpes outbreaks.
She stayed late last night.
She stayed longer than she had to.
She stayed longer than she needed to.
She stayed longer than she needed.
She stayed longer than she should've.
She stayed longer than she'd planned.
She stayed loyal through thick and thin.
She stayed on the phone with him.
She stayed out all day.
She stayed out in the rain.
She stayed overnight at ours.
She stayed overnight.
She stayed pressed against him for a long time.
She stayed put.
She stayed reasonable.
She stayed single her whole life.
She stayed that way, she didn't change.
She stayed the course till the bitter end.
She stayed the night at our place.
She stayed the night there.
She stayed the night with him.
She stayed the night with us.
She stayed the night.
She stayed there by herself.
She stayed there for a moment.
She stayed there for a short while.
She stayed there for several days.
She stayed there forever.
She stayed to protect him.
She stayed true to her word.
She stayed up all night.
She stayed up late last night.
She stayed up late to finish sewing your dress.
She stayed where she was.
She stayed with her father.
She stayed with him.
She stayed with me.
She stayed with the house.
She stayed.
She stays all the time at home.
She stays away from mirrors, thinking she lacks beauty.
She stays calm through earthquakes.
She stays here with me.
She stays in his memory.
She stays in motels when she travels.
She stays in touch with him.
She stays up as long as she wants to.
She stays with him.
She steadied herself.
She steals stuff.
She steals.
She steamed a potato.
She steams couscous at home.
She steeled herself not to cry.
She steered our efforts in the necessary direction.
She steered our efforts in the right direction.
She stepped forward to shake his hand.
She stepped forward.
She stepped on a mushroom.
She stepped on her glasses.
She stepped outside.
She stereotyped some foreign customers.
She sternly accuses me.
She sticks out like a sore thumb.
She stiffened up.
She stifled a laugh.
She stifled her orgasm.
She still alleges innocence.
She still appears to have a crush on him.
She still burns with the ardor of youth.
She still buys milk.
She still can't believe that.
She still can't find her keys.
She still can't forget Mom.
She still can't use her left arm.
She still cares for him out of compassion, but she no longer feels any affection for him.
She still comes to the hospital every day to visit him.
She still denies that she did that.
She still depends on her parents.
She still despises him.
She still does that whenever she can.
She still does that, doesn't she?
She still doesn't do that, does she?
She still doesn't trust Mary.
She still doesn't trust him.
She still had her apron on.
She still hangs out with him.
She still has a crush on Justin Bieber.
She still has a crush on him.
She still has a fever.
She still has a little money, but not much.
She still has a lot of questions about life.
She still has chores to do.
She still has feelings for him.
She still has her coat on.
She still has much to learn.
She still has that nurse's uniform.
She still has the book I lent her.
She still has time.
She still has to pack her suitcase.
She still has to talk to him.
She still hasn't apologized to him.
She still hasn't arrived.
She still hasn't cleaned her room.
She still hasn't decided.
She still hasn't done her homework.
She still hasn't done that, has she?
She still hasn't forgiven him.
She still hasn't forgiven me.
She still hasn't found her passport.
She still hasn't found her true identity.
She still hasn't got used to the mobile telephone.
She still hasn't gotten used to cell phones.
She still hasn't heard this news.
She still hasn't paid all her bills.
She still hasn't paid her rent.
She still hasn't responded to Tom's letter.
She still hasn't said she's sorry.
She still hasn't talked to him.
She still hasn't washed her car.
She still hasn't washed her clothes.
She still hated him, even after he died.
She still hates him.
She still holds on to hope.
She still hopes she can do that.
She still hopes she can win.
She still keeps her babies for longer.
She still keeps hope alive.
She still lacks an evolved perception for the beauty of language.
She still likes this Kabyle dress.
She still lives by herself.
She still lives with her mother.
She still lives with her mum.
She still looks young, although she is over fifty.
She still loved him.
She still loves her job.
She still loves him even though he doesn't love her anymore.
She still loves him even though he doesn’t love her anymore.
She still loves him.
She still loves sunglasses to this day.
She still loves you.
She still maintains hope.
She still misses him.
She still misses you.
She still plays golf, doesn't she?
She still plays with dolls.
She still relies on her parents.
She still remembers her grandfather.
She still remembers you.
She still runs.
She still says she doesn't blame me.
She still seems afraid of him.
She still seems to be in love with him.
She still thinks I'm working for him.
She still thinks of us as friends.
She still thinks we're friends.
She still wants him.
She still wants to do that with him.
She still wants to go sailing with him.
She still wants to speak English confidently.
She still wants you to help her.
She still wants?
She still wears the hijab.
She still went to school.
She still went to work even after getting pregnant.
She still writes poems.
She stirred her coffee with a spoon.
She stirred her coffee with a teaspoon.
She stirred her coffee.
She stirred her tea with a little gold spoon.
She stirred her tea.
She stirred the beans in the pot.
She stirred the instant coffee and poured in milk.
She stirred the milk into her coffee.
She stirred the soup pot gently.
She stirred the soup with a spoon.
She stirs the soup regularly.
She stitched a new dress.
She stole Skura's Kabyle dress.
She stole Skura's sunglasses.
She stole Taninna's Kabyle dress.
She stole a camera.
She stole a glimpse of the birthday cake through the crack in the door.
She stole a lot of money from him, so now she is in prison.
She stole a lot of money from him.
She stole food and water.
She stole food.
She stole her father's car.
She stole his car from his garage.
She stole his car.
She stole his heart.
She stole into the garden and plucked a flower from each of her sister's plots, wafted with her hand countless kisses toward the palace, and then rose up through the dark blue water.
She stole it.
She stole money from her friends.
She stole money from her roommate.
She stole money from him.
She stole money out of his wallet.
She stole money.
She stole my Kabyle dress.
She stole my boyfriend!
She stole my candy.
She stole my clothes!
She stole my handbag.
She stole my heart.
She stole my purse.
She stole my shoes.
She stole my stuff.
She stole my things.
She stole my watch.
She stole some money from him.
She stole something from him.
She stole the Porsche.
She stole the computer.
She stole the money.
She stole them from me.
She stole them.
She stole three hundred dollars from him.
She stomped her foot angrily.
She stood a few feet away from him.
She stood among the boys.
She stood and put on her coat.
She stood and walked toward the window.
She stood as close to him as she could.
She stood astonished at the sight.
She stood at the door, her hair blown by the wind.
She stood at the gate, gazing after him until he vanished from her sight. Then she walked back into the house the happiest girl in all Utah.
She stood before the mirror.
She stood behind him.
She stood beside him.
She stood between the boys.
She stood bolt upright.
She stood by her husband whenever he was in trouble.
She stood by herself next to the lamppost.
She stood by him whenever he was in trouble.
She stood by him.
She stood by the door.
She stood close to her husband.
She stood close to him.
She stood defiantly with arms akimbo.
She stood fumbling for change.
She stood guard.
She stood in admiration of the garden.
She stood in front of him.
She stood in front of the mirror.
She stood in front the mirror, looking at herself.
She stood in line for an hour.
She stood in line with her father.
She stood in the corner by herself.
She stood in the court before judge and jury.
She stood in the middle of the room.
She stood just a few feet away from him.
She stood looking at a boat on the river.
She stood looking out to the sea.
She stood looking out toward the sea.
She stood looming down at him, attacking him for indolence and irreverence, blasphemy and ignorance, while waving her umbrella.
She stood me up for tonight.
She stood me up.
She stood near him.
She stood next to him.
She stood on her head.
She stood on the beach with her hair waving in the wind.
She stood on the deck with her long hair waving in the wind.
She stood on the roof.
She stood on the sidewalk talking to him.
She stood on tip-toe and whispered something in his ear, and then went away.
She stood out because she was wearing a red dress.
She stood right behind him.
She stood silent, her head slightly to one side.
She stood silently, her head tilted slightly to one side.
She stood still with her hair flying in the wind.
She stood there a little shyly at first, as slender and as gracefully upright as a birch, and her dark hair caught the fire of the sinking sun with a bronze glow like that of the turkey's wing.
She stood there even after the train was out of sight.
She stood there looking at me.
She stood there, feeling lost, until an elderly man saw her and helped her.
She stood there.
She stood transfixed as if she had seen a ghost.
She stood up and began introducing herself.
She stood up and began to introduce herself.
She stood up and ran down.
She stood up and walked to the window.
She stood up for herself.
She stood up for what was right.
She stood up straight and looked out at the crowd.
She stood up to answer the phone.
She stood up when her teacher came in.
She stood up.
She stood very close to him.
She stood waiting for me for a long time.
She stood, facing him.
She stood.
She stooped to her level.
She stooped to pick up a pebble.
She stopped a passer-by.
She stopped and cleared her throat.
She stopped and stared at him.
She stopped appearing in public after her accident.
She stopped at the supermarket to buy some vegetables.
She stopped before the mirror to admire herself.
She stopped begging.
She stopped behind the bus.
She stopped breathing.
She stopped by occasionally to fix things for him.
She stopped by.
She stopped calling.
She stopped caring.
She stopped crying altogether.
She stopped crying.
She stopped dancing.
She stopped dead in her tracks.
She stopped eating meat two years ago.
She stopped filming.
She stopped going to school.
She stopped going to the mosque.
She stopped growing.
She stopped her car and got out.
She stopped her studies.
She stopped here.
She stopped herself.
She stopped him from speaking.
She stopped himself from kissing him.
She stopped in front of a toy store.
She stopped in her tracks.
She stopped instantly.
She stopped it.
She stopped laughing.
She stopped learning Berber.
She stopped looking at the show window.
She stopped our fighting.
She stopped painting.
She stopped passers-by.
She stopped picking daisies.
She stopped playing.
She stopped reading her book and looked up at him.
She stopped reading the newspaper and looked at me.
She stopped reading the newspaper.
She stopped receiving a pension after she was caught committing fraud.
She stopped sewing and had some tea.
She stopped shouting.
She stopped singing the song.
She stopped smoking on account of health concerns for her pregnancy.
She stopped smoking two years ago.
She stopped smoking.
She stopped speaking Berber.
She stopped studying and left the university without a degree.
She stopped studying.
She stopped taking Prozac because it flattened her emotions.
She stopped taking Prozac because it gave her a manic episode.
She stopped taking her medication.
She stopped taking her medicine.
She stopped taking her pills.
She stopped talking to him.
She stopped talking.
She stopped teasing me.
She stopped that car.
She stopped thinking about it.
She stopped this.
She stopped to catch her breath.
She stopped to smoke a cigarette.
She stopped to smoke.
She stopped to speak to him.
She stopped to talk.
She stopped trying.
She stopped what she was doing and looked up at him.
She stopped what she was doing.
She stopped without saying anything.
She stopped working.
She stopped yelling.
She stopped, aghast, as though she had seen a ghost.
She stopped.
She stored blankets in an old winnowing-basket.
She stored the cake in an airtight container.
She stored the leftover buns in the fridge.
She stormed off in a huff.
She stormed out of the house and went home.
She stormed out of the restaurant.
She stormed out, slamming the door shut behind her.
She straightened her glasses.
She straightened her skirt.
She straightened up her bedroom.
She straightened up her desk.
She straightened up her room.
She strained her back.
She strangled Silya.
She strangled a cat.
She strangled her cat.
She strangled him with her legs.
She strangled him.
She strapped herself in.
She stressed that "access to cooling is not a luxury" but "a fundamental issue of equity. And as temperatures hit record levels, this could mean the difference between life and death for some."
She stressed that she did it by herself.
She stretched by arching her back.
She stretched every day in order to become able to do the splits.
She stretched her arms high in the air.
She stretched her legs.
She stretched herself out.
She stretched out her legs.
She stretched the rope.
She stretched to relieve the stiffness in her back.
She stripped the child and put him in the bath.
She strives for perfection in all she does.
She strives to grasp many things.
She strode over the brook.
She stroked my hair.
She strongly dislikes sex.
She strongly resembles her grandmother.
She struck Mina.
She struck an optimistic note.
She struck high notes on the piano.
She struck me as a tactful girl.
She struck the monster.
She struck the wall with her fist.
She struck up a conversation with him.
She struggled to accept his remarks.
She struggled to cope with the grief.
She struggled to free herself.
She struggled to get up.
She struggled to keep her composure.
She struggled to keep her eyes open.
She struggled to keep up with him.
She struggled to pay her bills.
She struggled to push back the tears.
She struggled to stand up.
She struggled to talk.
She struggled to walk again after the accident.
She struggled with a persistent leak under her kitchen sink, causing damage to the cabinet.
She struggled.
She struggles for her living.
She struggles to pay her bills.
She struggles with pronunciation.
She strummed her guitar.
She stubbed her toe.
She stubbornly refused to believe it.
She stubbornly refuses to believe this.
She stuck a poster on the wall.
She stuck her fingers in her ears.
She stuck her hands in her pockets.
She stuck her head out the window.
She stuck her nose where it didn't belong.
She stuck her tongue out at him.
She stuck her tongue out.
She stuck out her tongue at him.
She stuck out her tongue.
She stuck to his back like a limpet.
She studied Berber for four years.
She studied Berber in college.
She studied Berber literature.
She studied Chinese in order to translate her books into this language.
She studied English as hard as she could.
She studied English during her stay in London.
She studied English in the morning.
She studied English very eagerly.
She studied French as hard as possible.
She studied French with him.
She studied History at university.
She studied Japanese after dinner.
She studied abroad in order to brush up her English.
She studied abroad to brush up her English.
She studied abroad.
She studied at high school.
She studied economics.
She studied flute and cello at conservatory.
She studied for five and a half years.
She studied for the math exam.
She studied for the test.
She studied hard in order not to fail the entrance exam.
She studied hard lest she should fail her exam.
She studied hard lest she should fail in the exam.
She studied hard.
She studied her opponents' expressions for tells.
She studied in Belgium.
She studied math.
She studied music abroad.
She studied music at a preparatory school.
She studied real hard for the exam.
She studied the Bible.
She studied the bat's anatomy for her biology project.
She studied the mysteries of space.
She studied the planet’s atmosphere.
She studied the video.
She studied very hard in order that she might succeed.
She studied with you.
She studied yoga in the company of a friend.
She studied.
She studies 24 / 7.
She studies Chinese too.
She studies English every day.
She studies English.
She studies French, but I study Flemish.
She studies as hard as any student in her class.
She studies as hard as ever.
She studies astrology.
She studies at Mouloud Mameri University in the Department of Berber Language and Culture.
She studies audiology.
She studies by reading all of the books.
She studies by reading all the books.
She studies crocodiles.
She studies day and night.
She studies every day.
She studies for the exam.
She studies hard every day.
She studies hard.
She studies hygiene as part of her domestic science course.
She studies in the library after school.
She studies literature as well as language.
She studies mathematics.
She studies oenology.
She studies philosophy at the country's most prestigious university.
She studies science at college.
She studies the role of women in art history.
She studies the symbolism in Renaissance art.
She studies, but doesn't learn.
She stuffed the bun with filling.
She stuffed the bun with shredded chicken.
She stumbled over a wheelbarrow.
She stumbled several times while climbing the stairs.
She stumbled upon a hidden gem of a book.
She stutters.
She submitted her resignation.
She subscribed to the channel.
She substituted butter with margarine.
She substituted margarine for butter.
She succeeded as a singer and became famous.
She succeeded because she worked hard.
She succeeded in crossing the Pacific Ocean by boat.
She succeeded in drawing the truth from him.
She succeeded in getting elected.
She succeeded in getting herself elected as mayor.
She succeeded in getting him to tell the truth.
She succeeded in getting the truth from him.
She succeeded in getting what she wanted.
She succeeded in losing weight.
She succeeded in opening the box.
She succeeded in overshadowing her brother after she had finished law school.
She succeeded in the work.
She succeeded to her father's whole estate.
She succeeded to her father’s whole estate.
She succeeded!
She succeeds without relying on others.
She successfully accomplished everything, making use of her talent.
She successfully crossed the Pacific with a ship.
She successfully got him to tell the truth.
She successfully graduated from medical school.
She succumbed to Tom.
She sucked on his balls.
She sucked on the cigarette.
She sucked on the lemon, it tasted sour.
She suckled her son on the road.
She sucks up to the teacher.
She suddenly became angry.
She suddenly became famous.
She suddenly became ill.
She suddenly burst in on our conversation.
She suddenly burst out laughing.
She suddenly changed her mind about him.
She suddenly changed her mind.
She suddenly dove into the sea.
She suddenly fainted.
She suddenly fell silent.
She suddenly fell.
She suddenly got sick.
She suddenly had the feeling that she was in the wrong movie.
She suddenly jumped.
She suddenly kissed me.
She suddenly left.
She suddenly lost consciousness.
She suddenly realized she loved him.
She suddenly realized she was wrong.
She suddenly realized that she loved him.
She suddenly rose from her chair.
She suddenly screamed.
She suddenly stopped texting me.
She suddenly was no longer interested in school.
She sued Mina.
She sued her neighbor.
She sued him for damages.
She sued him.
She suffered a lot when her father died.
She suffered bitterly.
She suffered from anorexia as a teenager.
She suffered from bipolar disorder.
She suffered from bulimia.
She suffered hard indecision.
She suffered severe injuries.
She suffers because of me.
She suffers from a chronic illness.
She suffers from a chronic malady.
She suffers from a contagious disease.
She suffers from a debilitating case of alcoholism.
She suffers from a respiratory disease.
She suffers from a superiority complex.
She suffers from alexic reading disorder.
She suffers from an incurable disease.
She suffers from anorexia.
She suffers from chronic stress.
She suffers from claustrophobia.
She suffers from constant neuralgia.
She suffers from low blood pressure.
She suffers from osteoporosis.
She suffers from perfectionism and fear of failure.
She suffers from the disease.
She suffocated him with a pillow.
She suggested I go to Boston with him.
She suggested a solution.
She suggested an amazing book to him.
She suggested going to the cinema to us.
She suggested reading more books to broaden the mind.
She suggested some milk with bread for breakfast.
She suggested something else.
She suggested that I cancel the meeting.
She suggested that I give it to him right away.
She suggested that I go to Boston with him.
She suggested that I go to the store with him.
She suggested that I should clean the bathroom.
She suggested that I take her to the zoo.
She suggested that I take him to the zoo.
She suggested that I write to him at once.
She suggested that he try it.
She suggested that the customer buy a blue tie.
She suggested that we call him.
She suggested that we go shopping to Motomachi next Sunday.
She suggested that we go to the theater.
She suggested that we have a farewell party for him.
She suggested that we should start earlier.
She suggested the idea to Marie.
She suggested the idea to him.
She suggested to me that I call off the meeting.
She suggests having the car repaired as soon as possible.
She suggests he should do some sport every day.
She sulked.
She supported the decision.
She supports ethical trade.
She supports grassroots movements.
She supports her family.
She supports me in all my endeavors.
She supports the Democratic Party.
She supports the negotiations.
She supports the treaty.
She supposed me to be a doctor.
She supposedly had a headache.
She suppressed a laugh.
She sure does that well, doesn't she?
She sure is full of herself.
She sure is trying to be right.
She sure likes oranges, doesn't she?
She surpassed my grades.
She surpasses her sister in beauty.
She surpasses me in English.
She surpasses me in age.
She surprised her boyfriend with a gift.
She surprised her husband with a gift.
She surprised her husband.
She surprised herself.
She surprised him when she arrived early.
She surprised him with a kiss.
She surprised him with a small gift.
She surprised him.
She surprised me with her new haircut.
She surprised me.
She surprised the boy with a birthday present.
She surrendered to passion.
She surrounds herself with like-minded people.
She surrounds herself with people that think like her.
She survived an abusive childhood.
She survived her husband by ten years.
She survived her injury.
She survived the Blitz and then moved to Texas, where she met my Persian father in 1958.
She survived the accident.
She survived the tornado.
She survived this horrible scene little more than a fortnight, having been married on the 24th of August, and dying on the 12th of September 1669.
She survived unharmed.
She survived.
She suspected Mina.
She suspected him of cheating.
She suspected it was too late.
She suspected that it was too late.
She suspended the officer.
She swallowed a coin.
She swallowed hard.
She swallowed her chewing gum.
She swallowed her pride.
She swallowed it hook, line and sinker.
She swallowed the last of her drink.
She swam across the bay.
She swam across the river.
She swam across the wide river.
She swam fast enough to win a medal.
She swam for two hours this afternoon.
She swam in a pool of money.
She swam in her clothes.
She swam in that lake.
She swam much nearer the land than any of the others dared.
She swam there.
She swam toward the sun, but it sank and all the rosy light on clouds and water faded away.
She swam towards the sun.
She swam under the water with open eyes.
She swam until she was exhausted and then went back to the house.
She swam with her son.
She swam.
She swears by that brand.
She swears she didn't cry.
She swears she didn't do that.
She swears she hasn't cried.
She swears she won't cry.
She swears she won't do that again.
She swears she won't do that anymore.
She swears she won't do that.
She swears she's innocent.
She sweated.
She sweats a lot, but I kind of like it.
She sweats when she's stressed.
She sweeps the room with a broom.
She swept all the rooms.
She swept the ball away with a slide tackle.
She swept the dirt from the porch.
She swerved to avoid hitting a tarantula as big as a catcher's mitt in the middle of the road.
She swims a lot more nowadays than she used to.
She swims better than I do.
She swims better than Marie.
She swims better than Mary.
She swims better than me.
She swims brilliantly well.
She swims like a fish.
She swims really fast.
She swims very quickly.
She swims well for her age.
She swims well.
She swims, but does not sink.
She swims, too.
She swims.
She swindled him out of all his savings.
She swindled him.
She swings.
She switched a lamp off.
She switched off her light.
She switched off the computer.
She switched off the light and took her clothes off.
She switched off the lights to admire the moonlight.
She switched on a machine.
She switched on the lamp because it was dark.
She switched places with her sister.
She swore by God.
She swore her undying love to him.
She swore loudly.
She swore she didn't cry.
She swore she didn't do that.
She swore she was innocent.
She swore she would give up drinking.
She swore she wouldn't do that again.
She swore she wouldn't do that today.
She swore she wouldn't do that.
She swore she wouldn't ever do that.
She swore she wouldn't leave early.
She swore she wouldn't tell him.
She swore she'd do that today.
She swore she'd do that.
She swore she'd kill him.
She swore she'd never cry.
She swore she'd never do that again.
She swore she'd never do that.
She swore she'd never hit me again.
She swore she'd wait.
She swore she'd win.
She swore that she'd never do that.
She swore that she'd never done that.
She swore that she'd quit smoking.
She swung the bat and hit a line drive.
She swung the bat and missed the ball.
She sympathized with him.
She sympathized with the orphan and gave him some money.
She sympathized with those unfortunate people.
She tackles problems head-on.
She takes a bad picture.
She takes a bath every evening after dinner.
She takes a break to clear her mind.
She takes a bus to her office.
She takes a great interest in English.
She takes a monthly journey.
She takes a multivitamin pill every day.
She takes a new lover while he is in anguish.
She takes a shower every morning before breakfast.
She takes a shower every morning.
She takes a taxi because it is raining.
She takes a taxi from the station to her house.
She takes a walk every morning.
She takes a walk with her dog every day.
She takes a walk with her dog every morning.
She takes a walk with her dog.
She takes after her aunt Djoher.
She takes after her aunt.
She takes after her father.
She takes after her mother in every respect.
She takes after her mother in looks.
She takes after her mother so much.
She takes after her mother.
She takes care of fifty odd children.
She takes care of her brothers and sisters.
She takes care of her children full-time.
She takes care of her old mother.
She takes care of herself.
She takes care of him.
She takes care of many elderly people.
She takes care of my children.
She takes care of the children.
She takes care of us.
She takes cooking lessons once a week.
She takes dinner to his house every evening.
She takes distances.
She takes drugs.
She takes every circumstance into account.
She takes everything for granted.
She takes good care of Mary.
She takes good care of her car.
She takes good care of her horse.
She takes good care of herself.
She takes good care of him.
She takes good care of the birds.
She takes great pleasure in her work.
She takes great pride in her appearance.
She takes great pride in her stamp collection.
She takes her coffee with a lot of milk.
She takes her dog to the park before breakfast.
She takes her job seriously.
She takes her job very seriously.
She takes her room key.
She takes herself awfully seriously.
She takes herself far too seriously.
She takes herself too seriously.
She takes herself very seriously.
She takes herself way too seriously.
She takes hormone replacements.
She takes into consideration the mixed relationships.
She takes it in all positions.
She takes notes during the meeting.
She takes part in many school activities.
She takes piano lessons once a week.
She takes pleasure in seeing horror films.
She takes pride in her daughter.
She takes pride in her good looks.
She takes pride in her high school.
She takes pride in her looks.
She takes pride in her son.
She takes pride in her sons' success.
She takes pride in her sons’ success.
She takes pride in her work.
She takes private piano lessons.
She takes sewing classes.
She takes singing and dancing lessons, not to mention swimming and tennis lessons.
She takes singing lessons at a school of music.
She takes singing lessons.
She takes very good care of her clothes.
She talked Skura into donating some money.
She talked a lot.
She talked about Mina.
She talked about Paris as if she had been there many times.
She talked about her diner.
She talked about her family.
She talked about her father.
She talked about her gym.
She talked about her hair salon.
She talked about her home life.
She talked about her job.
She talked about her restaurant.
She talked about her school life.
She talked about her school.
She talked about him behind his back.
She talked about him.
She talked about how much she loved him.
She talked about human rights.
She talked about peace.
She talked about school.
She talked about that.
She talked about the importance of a guide dog.
She talked about the people and things that interested her.
She talked all evening without a break, what a chatterbox!
She talked almost without stopping.
She talked as if she knew everything.
She talked as if she were my mother.
She talked as she walked.
She talked back to him.
She talked childishly.
She talked for three hours on the telephone.
She talked her husband into having a holiday in France.
She talked her into quitting her job.
She talked him into accepting the bribe.
She talked him into buying a new house.
She talked him into buying her a diamond ring.
She talked him into going to the concert.
She talked him into quitting his job.
She talked him out of it.
She talked him out of quitting his job.
She talked in her sleep.
She talked incredibly for two hours.
She talked long of her experiences abroad.
She talked my ears off.
She talked on and on about her family problems.
She talked to herself as she did the dishes.
She talked to herself as she washed the dishes.
She talked to herself as she watered the plants.
She talked to him about things she usually kept to herself.
She talked to me about her plans.
She talked to me about him.
She talked to me half an hour ago.
She talked to the chairman.
She talked to the chairperson.
She talked, with her eyes shining.
She talked.
She talks Berber.
She talks a lot about her father.
She talks a lot about his father.
She talks a lot but never gets anything done.
She talks a lot.
She talks a very fast game.
She talks about Paris as if she had been there many times.
She talks about everything with her parents.
She talks about football all the time.
She talks about her book.
She talks about her studies.
She talks about him a lot.
She talks about it mockingly.
She talks about you all the time.
She talks as if he knew everything under the sun.
She talks as if she knew all about it.
She talks as if she knew everything about it.
She talks as if she knew everything under the sun.
She talks as if she knew everything.
She talks everything over with her parents.
She talks in her sleep.
She talks incessantly.
She talks like a truck driver.
She talks like she knows everything.
She talks loudly without stopping.
She talks quickly.
She talks quite a lot, doesn't she?
She talks so much.
She talks sweetly to people.
She talks to her friend.
She talks to her parents about everything.
She talks to her sister on the phone for hours at a time.
She talks to him as if he were a child.
She talks to him like he's a child.
She talks to me from time to time.
She talks to them.
She talks too aloofly.
She talks too fast.
She talks too much.
She talks very loud.
She talks well.
She talks with a heavy German accent.
She taped the party.
She tapped her fingers impatiently.
She tapped her fingers on her desk.
She tapped her foot nervously.
She tapped her foot on the floor.
She tapped on the window.
She tapped the box with her forefinger.
She tapped the ground impatiently with her foot.
She tasted a cake.
She tasted the cake to see if it was sweet enough.
She tasted the food and grimaced.
She tattled on me to her teacher.
She tattooed a fox behind her ear.
She taught Berber at a middle school.
She taught Berber.
She taught Finnish for 25 years.
She taught French in Italy before moving to Paris.
She taught French to her children.
She taught French to her friends.
She taught acting.
She taught all of her kids how to sew on buttons.
She taught for twenty years.
She taught her Berber.
She taught her children French.
She taught her children Russian.
She taught her dog some tricks.
She taught herself how to do that.
She taught herself how to ski.
She taught herself to play the piano.
She taught herself to ski.
She taught him everything she knew.
She taught him how to play the piano.
She taught him how to sew buttons on.
She taught him the tricks of the trade.
She taught me a lot.
She taught me everything I know.
She taught me how to drive.
She taught me how to make a web site.
She taught me how to swim.
She taught me how to write a poem.
She taught me most of the things I know.
She taught me so many interesting things.
She taught me to read and write at home when I was four years old.
She taught me to swim.
She taught music for thirty years.
She taught rich Indian girls.
She taught the boy how to tie his shoelaces.
She taught the boy to swim.
She taught the child never to play with matches.
She taught the lesson with patience and care.
She taught them the importance of resilience.
She taught us English.
She taught us singing.
She teaches Arabic.
She teaches Berber at a middle school.
She teaches Berber in Relizane.
She teaches Berber.
She teaches Dutch.
She teaches English to advanced students.
She teaches English to schoolchildren.
She teaches English.
She teaches French to her friends.
She teaches French.
She teaches acting.
She teaches at our local school.
She teaches at the university.
She teaches children how to sing.
She teaches guitar to beginners.
She teaches her friends French.
She teaches lessons in math, physics, and biology.
She teaches math and English.
She teaches maths and English.
She teaches me Origami, the traditional Japanese paper-folding art.
She teaches music composition online.
She teaches music to children with special needs.
She teaches painting to seniors.
She teaches reading and writing.
She teaches schoolkids English.
She teaches students English.
She teaches us English.
She teaches us French.
She teaches yoga.
She teaches.
She teased him a little.
She teased him with a flirty comment.
She teased him with a gentle touch.
She teased him with a playful grin.
She teased him with a playful look.
She teased him with a smile.
She teased him.
She teased me about it.
She telephoned Skura again and again.
She telephoned her best friend to vent her frustration.
She telephoned him that she couldn't attend the meeting.
She telephoned him that she couldn’t attend the meeting.
She telephoned just now.
She telephoned to invite me to her house.
She tells everyone she quit smoking, but I know that every evening at 9 p.m. she goes out on the balcony to have one or two cigars.
She tells her tale of misery to everyone she meets.
She tells him to give her all of his salary and he does.
She tells me you're her assistant.
She tells the truth.
She tells us interesting things.
She tells us jokes.
She tempted him.
She tended cattle and she sang so sweetly that the herds were delighted with her song, and she needed neither the crook nor the goad to manage them; they obeyed her voice, and gazed at and listened to the maid as she sat under the shade of a pine tree, crowned with a garland of its leaves and singing the loves of Pan and Pitys the Nymph.
She tendered her resignation.
She tends not to show her feelings.
She tends to accept new challenges with her head held high.
She tends to be late for school.
She tends to be late.
She tends to be over-dramatic.
She tends to dither when faced with choices.
She tends to forget her promises.
She tends to get carried away when arguing about that matter.
She tends to plunge into new challenges head first.
She tends to speak ill of others.
She tends to speak rapidly.
She tends to talk in riddles.
She tends to talk too much.
She tends to underestimate her own abilities.
She tends to underestimate her own ability.
She terrified her.
She terrified him.
She tested an engine.
She tested the milk in a lab.
She testified against Linda.
She testified against him.
She testified in her own defense.
She testified that she could no longer control her teenage daughter.
She testified that she saw the man.
She testified to having seen the man.
She testified.
She texted Silya.
She texted Skura back.
She texted a friend.
She texted back in Berber.
She texted her boyfriend.
She texted her girlfriend.
She texted him back in Berber.
She texted him her number.
She texted him to let him know that she had arrived in Boston.
She texted him to let him know that she was going to be late.
She texted him to tell him she was sorry.
She texted him to tell him that she was sorry.
She texted him.
She texted me in Berber.
She texted me.
She texts me all the time.
She thanked Mina profusely.
She thanked Nuja.
She thanked Skura for the book.
She thanked for the present.
She thanked her colleagues when she received her service award.
She thanked her mentors during her service award acceptance speech.
She thanked her rescuers profusely.
She thanked him for all his help.
She thanked him for his advice.
She thanked him for his gift.
She thanked him for his help.
She thanked him for his helpful advice.
She thanked him for his kindness.
She thanked him for his support.
She thanked him for his time.
She thanked him with all her heart.
She thanked him.
She thanked me for helping her.
She thanked me for hiring her.
She thanked me for rescuing her.
She thanked me for the compliment.
She thanked me for the present.
She thanked me for warning her.
She thanked me in several languages.
She thanked the lieutenants.
She thanked the massage therapist and left the clinic feeling relaxed and ready to face the week ahead.
She thanked the massage therapist and left the clinic feeling relaxed and refreshed.
She thanked us for our help.
She then dispatched two very fierce serpents, which came in the middle of the night to the room of Alcmena, where Hercules and his brother were sleeping.
She then gave him a pipe, a honeycomb, and a scrip of deer skin, but she dared not speak her mind, for she suspected that he loved Chloe since he was always in the latter's company.
She then proceeded to negotiate with her bank.
She then related everything that had occurred, her running to Dorcon, his ordering her to pipe those notes which his cows were accustomed to obey, and finally his dying at her feet. She only forgot or purposely omitted to mention the kiss that she had given him.
She then rose up and fled, as nimble as a deer.
She then went to look into the mouse-trap, where she found six mice, all alive. She ordered Cinderella to lift the trap-door, when, giving each mouse, as it went out, a little tap with her wand, it was that moment turned into a fine horse, and the six mice made a fine set of six horses of a beautiful mouse-colored, dapple gray.
She therefore came up on this side, opened her own window and tapped her horn lightly to draw attention to the fact that she was there.
She thinks I don't know what she did.
She thinks I don't know what she said.
She thinks I love her.
She thinks I should help her.
She thinks I'm a racist.
She thinks I'm a stupid drunk.
She thinks I'm in love with her.
She thinks I'm jealous.
She thinks I'm stupid.
She thinks I'm trying to steal her boyfriend.
She thinks a lot of you.
She thinks a lot.
She thinks about cocks all the time.
She thinks about her next trip.
She thinks about him all the time.
She thinks about him when she's feeling lonely.
She thinks about him when she’s feeling lonely.
She thinks about his next trip.
She thinks about you all the time.
She thinks everything will come to a head next week.
She thinks he can take care of himself.
She thinks he won't do that by himself.
She thinks he'll do that by himself.
She thinks he's the sexiest man she has ever met.
She thinks her boyfriend is innocent.
She thinks her friend is innocent.
She thinks her glasses make her seem older.
She thinks her house is haunted.
She thinks her job is pointless.
She thinks her leg is broken.
She thinks her life is boring.
She thinks her opinions are more valid than mine.
She thinks highly of herself.
She thinks highly of him.
She thinks it is a positive development.
She thinks it is true that skipping breakfast is bad. I don't think so.
She thinks it'll rain tomorrow.
She thinks it's a waste of time.
She thinks it's already over.
She thinks it's going to be worth a fortune someday.
She thinks it's normal.
She thinks it's true.
She thinks money and happiness are the same.
She thinks much of others' opinions.
She thinks much of others’ opinions.
She thinks of everything in terms of money.
She thinks of her boss as a father.
She thinks of herself as an intelligent person.
She thinks of no one but herself.
She thinks of nothing but making money.
She thinks only of herself.
She thinks quite highly of him.
She thinks she can do everything.
She thinks she can do that again.
She thinks she can do that.
She thinks she can probably do that.
She thinks she can probably win.
She thinks she can prove it.
She thinks she can save the world.
She thinks she can sing.
She thinks she can trust him.
She thinks she can win.
She thinks she could do that.
She thinks she could probably win.
She thinks she could win.
She thinks she got a bargain.
She thinks she got a good bargain.
She thinks she got a good price.
She thinks she has found the answer.
She thinks she has the flu.
She thinks she has to help him.
She thinks she hears something.
She thinks she is a scholar.
She thinks she is the most beautiful girl in the classroom.
She thinks she knows best.
She thinks she knows herself.
She thinks she knows the answer.
She thinks she knows what to do.
She thinks she knows what's going on.
She thinks she knows where to find him.
She thinks she knows why.
She thinks she might have the answer.
She thinks she needs to help him.
She thinks she ought to help him.
She thinks she should do that.
She thinks she should help him.
She thinks she should study French.
She thinks she shouldn't do that.
She thinks she understands women.
She thinks she will be able to come soon.
She thinks she'll die soon.
She thinks she'll get straight A's.
She thinks she's Chris Farley.
She thinks she's a big shot.
She thinks she's a genius.
She thinks she's a good cook.
She thinks she's a good driver.
She thinks she's a good person.
She thinks she's a good singer.
She thinks she's always right.
She thinks she's being reasonable.
She thinks she's better than everyone else.
She thinks she's better than him.
She thinks she's figured it out.
She thinks she's found the answer.
She thinks she's funny.
She thinks she's getting ripped off.
She thinks she's going to be a star.
She thinks she's going to die soon.
She thinks she's good-looking.
She thinks she's in big trouble.
She thinks she's in love.
She thinks she's infallible.
She thinks she's invincible.
She thinks she's not to blame.
She thinks she's ready.
She thinks she's related to me.
She thinks she's right.
She thinks she's smarter than him.
She thinks she's smarter than me.
She thinks she's so clever.
She thinks she's stronger than I am.
She thinks she's stronger than me.
She thinks she's tallest person here.
She thinks that European cars are better than American cars.
She thinks that I love her.
She thinks that I talking to Hans, that Dutch astronomer on a wheelchair at the cafe, makes some people look dumb.
She thinks that I wronged her.
She thinks that I'm gossiping behind her back.
She thinks that everything is a question of money.
She thinks that happiness and health should be the benchmarks for success.
She thinks that having a baby in her twenties would be a social stigma in the city, and maybe she's right.
She thinks that her leg is broken.
She thinks that her life is boring.
She thinks that immigrants bring more harm than good to the receiving country.
She thinks that it is better for her to leave the job.
She thinks that it's normal.
She thinks that people are like light bulbs in that when they die, there is nothing after.
She thinks that sexual repression is really part of her religion. She misunderstands her religion, likely.
She thinks that she can do that.
She thinks that she can probably win.
She thinks that she can prove it.
She thinks that she can sing.
She thinks that she can win.
She thinks that she could do that.
She thinks that she could win.
She thinks that she got a bargain.
She thinks that she got a good price.
She thinks that she has the flu.
She thinks that she is like a light bulb. She does not really believe in the afterlife.
She thinks that she knows best.
She thinks that she knows everything.
She thinks that she knows it all.
She thinks that she knows the answer.
She thinks that she knows what to do.
She thinks that she knows why.
She thinks that she should do that.
She thinks that she speaks French better than him.
She thinks that she'll die soon.
She thinks that she's a big shot.
She thinks that she's a genius.
She thinks that she's a good cook.
She thinks that she's a good driver.
She thinks that she's a good person.
She thinks that she's a good singer.
She thinks that she's always right.
She thinks that she's figured it out.
She thinks that she's funny.
She thinks that she's good-looking.
She thinks that she's in big trouble.
She thinks that she's in love.
She thinks that she's infallible.
She thinks that she's invincible.
She thinks that she's ready.
She thinks that she's related to me.
She thinks that she's so clever.
She thinks that she's the center of the universe.
She thinks that she’s always right.
She thinks that song is too old to be sung nowadays.
She thinks that will be interesting and fun.
She thinks the fact that he admits his problem is very positive, and demonstrates that deep down, he wants to change for you.
She thinks the same about me.
She thinks the specter of a long-dead pet might be responsible for the nipping at people’s feet.
She thinks the world of him.
She thinks there's a good chance she'll find him.
She thinks they are too short.
She thinks you should talk to him.
She thinks you're filthy rich.
She thought I ate her piece of cake.
She thought I knew him.
She thought I was a doctor.
She thought I was a drug user.
She thought I was asleep in my bed.
She thought I was flirting with her.
She thought I was stupid.
She thought I'd let her down.
She thought about everything.
She thought about it.
She thought about that for days.
She thought about that matter all the time.
She thought about what it would be like to kiss him.
She thought back to the first time she'd seen him.
She thought carefully before selecting the works she would place in the portfolio that she was submitting with her application to art school.
She thought cross stitch was a good substitute for oil paintings.
She thought for a few minutes.
She thought he knew why she didn't like him.
She thought he might be feeling lonely and forgotten.
She thought he was going to kiss her.
She thought he was only in it for the money, but she had a jaundiced view of human nature in general.
She thought he was wasting his time.
She thought he'd be in his office.
She thought her boyfriend was having an affair with Skura.
She thought her house was haunted.
She thought her leg was broken.
She thought her life was in danger.
She thought her parents had died.
She thought him was in his bedroom.
She thought it was hilarious.
She thought it was necessary that she should do something about it.
She thought it was stupid.
She thought it was very important.
She thought it wise to call the police.
She thought it would be safe for him to walk home by himself.
She thought it wouldn't be safe for him to walk home by himself.
She thought no harm.
She thought of Canada as an ideal country to live in.
She thought of London as her new home.
She thought of a good plan.
She thought of a good solution.
She thought of a good way to make money on the Internet.
She thought of a good way to make money with the help of the internet.
She thought of a solution.
She thought of all she had lost.
She thought of an escape plan.
She thought of her cat left behind at home.
She thought of herself as being charming enough.
She thought of herself as charming enough.
She thought of him as her lifesaver.
She thought of that.
She thought of the fine autumn day when she had rushed home from school with the good news; she was chosen to be on the relay team.
She thought of the many ways she could kill him.
She thought only of him.
She thought she could count on him.
She thought she could do that again.
She thought she could do that for me.
She thought she could do that.
She thought she could get him to like her.
She thought she could help him.
She thought she could help us.
She thought she could impress him.
She thought she could win.
She thought she had time.
She thought she had to do that.
She thought she had to help him.
She thought she had to speak French.
She thought she had to study French.
She thought she heard a car backfire.
She thought she heard a dog barking.
She thought she heard a gunshot.
She thought she heard a noise.
She thought she heard a shot.
She thought she heard some gunshots.
She thought she might be able to win.
She thought she might do that.
She thought she might win.
She thought she must be mistaken.
She thought she needed to do that.
She thought she needed to help him.
She thought she probably shouldn't go there by herself.
She thought she saw a pattern.
She thought she should be with him.
She thought she should do that by herself.
She thought she should do that.
She thought she should go to Boston to be with him.
She thought she should go.
She thought she should help him.
She thought she should study French.
She thought she shouldn't do that.
She thought she was a cat.
She thought she was a goner.
She thought she was above everything and now she is rotting in prison.
She thought she was alone.
She thought she was beautiful.
She thought she was being cute.
She thought she was dying.
She thought she was going to be able to meet him.
She thought she was going to be busy.
She thought she was going to be shot.
She thought she was going to die.
She thought she was going to lose him.
She thought she was going to win.
She thought she was in big trouble.
She thought she was losing her mind.
She thought she was no longer needed.
She thought she was really charming.
She thought she was smarter than him.
She thought she was very lucky.
She thought she would be late.
She thought she would help out.
She thought she'd be able to do that.
She thought she'd be able to win.
She thought she'd be safe here.
She thought she'd be safe there.
She thought she'd find another job.
She thought she'd forgotten it.
She thought something had happened to him.
She thought that I knew him.
She thought that I was a doctor.
She thought that I was the doctor.
She thought that I'd let her down.
She thought that John had loved her.
She thought that he might try to kill himself.
She thought that he wanted her to kiss him, but she wasn't sure, so she didn't.
She thought that he was wasting electricity.
She thought that he'd spend the night with her.
She thought that her daughter was possessed.
She thought that her leg was broken.
She thought that it would be interesting and fun.
She thought that our watches were the same.
She thought that she could become economically independent from her parents if she went to college.
She thought that she could do that.
She thought that she could help us.
She thought that she could win.
She thought that she had time.
She thought that she had to do that.
She thought that she heard a gunshot.
She thought that she heard a shot.
She thought that she might do that.
She thought that she might win.
She thought that she saw a pattern.
She thought that she should do that.
She thought that she should go to Boston to be with him.
She thought that she should go.
She thought that she was a cat.
She thought that she was a goner.
She thought that she was alone.
She thought that she was being cute.
She thought that she was dying.
She thought that she was losing her mind.
She thought that she was very lucky.
She thought that she would be late.
She thought that she would better stop working.
She thought that she would help out.
She thought that she would scare us.
She thought that she'd be safe here.
She thought that she'd be safe there.
She thought that she'd forgotten it.
She thought that that story was a joke.
She thought that was very important.
She thought that you knew him.
She thought the plan was fine but impractical.
She thought the plan was good, but unworkable.
She thought the same thing.
She thought they were about to fly out through the open window.
She thought to the contrary.
She thought you knew Tom.
She thought you knew him.
She thought: "Oh! if he only knew that for the sake of being with him I had given up my voice forever!"
She threatened Mary.
She threatened him.
She threatened me.
She threatened to call the police.
She threatened to kill Tom.
She threatened to kill herself.
She threatened to kill him.
She threatened to kill me.
She threatened to leave him.
She threatened to leave.
She threatened to set our house on fire.
She threatened to snitch on me.
She threatened to tell on me.
She threatened to translate his works and, thus, exposing him to the whims of the police state.
She threw a bag away.
She threw a disapproving glance at me.
She threw a drink in his face.
She threw a glance at us.
She threw a party.
She threw a pillow at him.
She threw a rotten egg at him.
She threw a snowball at him.
She threw a stick for her dog.
She threw a stone in the pond.
She threw a stone into the pond.
She threw a suspicious glance at him.
She threw a tomato at him.
She threw a towel over her shoulder and left the room.
She threw an egg at him.
She threw an empty beer can at him.
She threw away everything that was on the small dining table in a drunken hand gesture.
She threw away the papers in a fit of temper.
She threw back her head and laughed.
She threw her arms around her husband's neck.
She threw her arms around her husband’s neck and kissed him.
She threw her arms around her husband’s neck.
She threw her arms around him and gave him a big kiss.
She threw her arms around him in horror.
She threw her arms around his neck.
She threw her arms round his neck, and held him fast, while she exclaimed, "Kay, dear little Kay, I have found you at last."
She threw her bag on the sofa.
She threw her credit cards into the fire.
She threw her drinking husband out of the house.
She threw her hands up in horror when she saw what he had done.
She threw her knife at him.
She threw her old notebooks away.
She threw her sister out of her apartment.
She threw her son out of the house.
She threw her toy at him.
She threw herself at him and kissed him passionately.
She threw herself at him.
She threw herself into her studies so she wouldn't fail.
She threw herself into her work.
She threw herself into his arms.
She threw herself into my arms.
She threw herself on the bed and burst into sobs.
She threw him a defiant glance.
She threw him an insolent stare.
She threw him away like trash when she was done with him.
She threw him out.
She threw it too far.
She threw me an apple.
She threw me to the dogs, the wretch!
She threw off her shoes and socks in anger.
She threw on a coat and set off.
She threw on a coat and went out.
She threw on a coat and went outside.
She threw on a coat and went.
She threw rocks at him.
She threw that food away.
She threw the ball back to him.
She threw the book against the wall.
She threw the book in the fire.
She threw the bread in front of him with an abrupt gesture.
She threw the hot dogs away.
She threw the hot dogs into the trash.
She threw the pebble.
She threw the stolen bike into the bush.
She threw the stolen bike into the bushes.
She threw them away.
She threw up.
She thrilled at the thought that she would meet the famous singer.
She thrilled to his saying so.
She throws a ball better than I.
She throws the most exorbitant parties.
She throws.
She thumped the table with her fist.
She tickled Nuja.
She tickled her and she let out an involuntary shriek.
She tickled him until he shrieked with laughter.
She tidied her room before her guests arrived.
She tidied up her room.
She tidies her daughter's room every day.
She tied a red ribbon to the umbrella as a sign of gratitude.
She tied her boat to the dock.
She tied her dog to a tree.
She tied her dog to the tree.
She tied her hair into a bun.
She tied her horse to the post.
She tied her laces and then ran away.
She tied her shoelaces and then ran away.
She tied her shoelaces.
She tied her shoes.
She tied her to the chair.
She tied him to the chair.
She tied him up and gagged him, then she started to beat him savagely.
She tied him up.
She tied his hands behind his back.
She tied his shoes for him.
She tied the dog to a tree.
She tied the rope around her waist.
She tied up the dog.
She tied up the package with string.
She tied up the parcel with string.
She tightened her grip on the rope.
She tightened the bolts.
She tilted her head and focused her big eyes on me.
She tilted her head and smiled back.
She tilted her head and smiled.
She tilted her head.
She tilts at windmills.
She tipped the bellboy.
She tiptoed into the house.
She tiptoed quietly past the sleeping cat.
She told Mary the whole story.
She told Miroslav her name was Anna.
She told Security Council members they have a "special responsibility" to consider measures to prevent another genocide in Sudan.
She told Skura a story.
She told Skura about Ziri's death.
She told Tony.
She told a joke.
She told a secret.
She told a tale.
She told a white lie out of necessity.
She told about her experiences.
She told about the accident with tears in her eyes.
She told all her friends the news.
She told everybody at work.
She told everybody she was afraid.
She told everybody she was bored.
She told everybody she was broke.
She told everybody she was cold.
She told everybody she was depressed.
She told everybody she was done.
She told everybody she was exhausted.
She told everybody she was fine.
She told everybody she was jealous.
She told everybody she was lonely.
She told everybody she was nervous.
She told everybody she was pleased.
She told everybody she was prepared.
She told everybody she was ready.
She told everybody she was retired.
She told everybody she was safe.
She told everybody she was scared.
She told everybody she was skeptical.
She told everybody she was sleepy.
She told everybody she was starved.
She told everybody she was thirsty.
She told everybody she was ticklish.
She told everybody she was tired.
She told everybody she was unafraid.
She told everybody she was upset.
She told everybody she was well.
She told everybody that she was cold.
She told everybody that she was done.
She told everybody that she was fine.
She told everybody that she was safe.
She told everybody that she was well.
She told everyone about what she did.
She told everyone she was adopted.
She told everyone she was afraid.
She told everyone she was bored.
She told everyone she was broke.
She told everyone she was cold.
She told everyone she was depressed.
She told everyone she was done.
She told everyone she was exhausted.
She told everyone she was fine.
She told everyone she was interested.
She told everyone she was jealous.
She told everyone she was lonely.
She told everyone she was nervous.
She told everyone she was pleased.
She told everyone she was prepared.
She told everyone she was ready.
She told everyone she was retired.
She told everyone she was safe.
She told everyone she was scared.
She told everyone she was skeptical.
She told everyone she was sleepy.
She told everyone she was starved.
She told everyone she was suspicious.
She told everyone she was thirsty.
She told everyone she was ticklish.
She told everyone she was tired.
She told everyone she was unafraid.
She told everyone she was unemployed.
She told everyone she was upset.
She told everyone she was well.
She told everyone that she was bored.
She told everyone that she was broke.
She told everyone that she was cold.
She told everyone that she was done.
She told everyone that she was fine.
She told everyone that she was ready.
She told everyone that she was safe.
She told everyone that she was tired.
She told everyone that she was upset.
She told everyone that she was well.
She told everyone.
She told her a joke.
She told her all that the man had done for her. She said, "He gave me these six measures of barley; for he said, 'Don't go empty to your mother-in-law.'"
She told her boss what she had in mind.
She told her children an amusing story.
She told her children to put away their toys.
She told her everything.
She told her family about her prestigious service award.
She told her mother how he had attacked her.
She told her mother-in-law with whom she had worked, "The man’s name with whom I worked today is Boaz." Naomi said to her daughter-in-law, “May he be blessed by the Lord, who has not abandoned his kindness to the living and to the dead." Naomi said to her, "The man is a close relative to us, one of our near kinsmen."
She told her not to worry.
She told her side of the story.
She told her son to behave himself at home.
She told her son to behave himself.
She told her son to wait a minute.
She told her story in tears.
She told her superior what she thought.
She told her that he was right.
She told her that her father had died.
She told her that it would rain all day.
She told her that she was sad.
She told her troubles to him.
She told her.
She told herself that she should go.
She told herself that she'd made the right decision.
She told herself that there was no reason to panic.
She told him "Nice job!" He answered "No big deal."
She told him a joke, but he didn't laugh.
She told him a joke, but he didn't think it was funny.
She told him a joke, but he didn’t laugh.
She told him a joke, but he didn’t think it was funny.
She told him a joke.
She told him all about her adventure.
She told him all about her childhood.
She told him all her secrets.
She told him everything.
She told him he should get his eyes checked.
She told him her age.
She told him how much he meant for her.
She told him how much she loved him.
She told him how she felt about him.
She told him how she really felt about him.
She told him in no uncertain terms that she would not be going to the cinema with him.
She told him in no uncertain terms that she wouldn't go to the cinema with him.
She told him lies about me.
She told him more than she'd expected to tell him.
She told him not to blame himself for what had happened.
She told him not to get excited.
She told him not to go out at night by himself.
She told him not to go there by himself.
She told him not to sell his car.
She told him not to waste his time.
She told him not to worry.
She told him off for being late.
She told him off for not doing his homework.
She told him off.
She told him once and for all that she would not go to the movie with him.
She told him once and for all that she would not go to the movies with him.
She told him she could do that by herself.
She told him she could meet him on Monday.
She told him she despised him.
She told him she didn't like him.
She told him she didn't love him.
She told him she didn't trust him.
She told him she didn't want him to do that anymore.
She told him she didn't want him to go to Boston.
She told him she didn't want him to leave.
She told him she didn't want to help him.
She told him she didn't want to see him again.
She told him she didn't want to see him anymore.
She told him she had to talk to him.
She told him she had written the poem just for him.
She told him she hated him.
She told him she liked him.
She told him she loved him in French.
She told him she loved him.
She told him she needed his help.
She told him she wanted a divorce.
She told him she wanted him to stay in Boston with her.
She told him she wanted to marry him.
She told him she was going to give him a car.
She told him she was interested in buying one of his paintings.
She told him she was interested in him.
She told him she was interested.
She told him she was wasting his time.
She told him she wasn't interested in helping him do anything.
She told him she wouldn't be at his party.
She told him she wouldn't carry his suitcase for him.
She told him she wouldn't ever leave him.
She told him she wouldn't go without him.
She told him she wouldn't leave him.
She told him she wouldn't let him go by himself.
She told him she'd always love him.
She told him she'd help him.
She told him she'd never leave him.
She told him she'd teach him French.
She told him she'd visit him in Boston every weekend.
She told him that everything was going to be OK.
She told him that he should be ashamed of himself.
She told him that he shouldn't go there by himself.
She told him that he was right.
She told him that he was wasting his time.
She told him that her father had died.
She told him that his French was good.
She told him that his father had died.
She told him that it would rain all day.
She told him that she believed in astrology.
She told him that she believes in astrology.
She told him that she could do that by herself.
She told him that she could meet him on Monday.
She told him that she couldn't allow him to do that.
She told him that she couldn't live without him.
She told him that she didn't like him.
She told him that she didn't like his sense of humor.
She told him that she didn't love him.
She told him that she didn't think it was a good idea for him to go jogging in the park by himself.
She told him that she didn't want him to do that anymore.
She told him that she didn’t love him.
She told him that she had been in love with him.
She told him that she had feelings for him.
She told him that she had seen me there last week.
She told him that she had written that poem two years ago.
She told him that she had written the poem just for him.
She told him that she hated him.
She told him that she hates cooking.
She told him that she loved him.
She told him that she loved his shoes even though she thought they were ugly.
She told him that she needed his help.
She told him that she thought he shouldn't go there by himself.
She told him that she thought it wouldn't be good if he went there by himself.
She told him that she wanted him to babysit her children.
She told him that she wanted his help.
She told him that she wanted to go to Boston with him.
She told him that she was glad to see him.
She told him that she was going to give him a car.
She told him that she was going to show him how to do that.
She told him that she was going to show him some old pictures.
She told him that she was happy.
She told him that she was leaving.
She told him that she was sad.
She told him that she wouldn't be at his party.
She told him that she'd always love him.
She told him that she'd forgiven him.
She told him that she'd have to do that by herself.
She told him that she'd help him do that.
She told him that she'd help him wash his car.
She told him that she'd help him wash the dishes.
She told him that she'd help him with his homework.
She told him that she'd help him, but she didn't.
She told him that she'd help him.
She told him that she'd kill him.
She told him the story little by little, and sometimes she sobbed so much that he could hardly understand.
She told him to behave himself.
She told him to clean his room.
She told him to come no later than quarter to twelve, but he still didn't turn up for another two-and-a-half hours.
She told him to do it himself.
She told him to do that by himself.
She told him to do that himself.
She told him to enjoy his day off.
She told him to go away.
She told him to go back to his room.
She told him to go to his room.
She told him to keep away from bad friends.
She told him to put his toys away.
She told him to rewrite his resume.
She told him to stay here.
She told him to stop.
She told him to study.
She told him to try harder.
She told him to wash his car.
She told him to wash his face.
She told him to wash his hands.
She told him what she really thought of him.
She told him where to put his suitcase.
She told him where to put the suitcase.
She told him why she couldn't go to his party.
She told him why she needed his help.
She told him why she wanted him to win.
She told him why she was late for his party.
She told him you were right.
She told him.
She told his friends that he never ate meat.
She told how she responded to him.
She told me "Open the window".
She told me "good night."
She told me I could use her car.
She told me I could use her room.
She told me I should go to Boston with him.
She told me I shouldn't talk to him.
She told me I was her only friend.
She told me I was like a son to her.
She told me I was sentimental.
She told me I was too old for her.
She told me I was wasting her time.
She told me I was wasting my time.
She told me a little secret about him.
She told me a lot about you.
She told me a wrong address on purpose.
She told me about a place where I could stay for cheap.
She told me about her dog.
She told me about her new job.
She told me about her plans.
She told me about her teacher.
She told me about her trip.
She told me about him.
She told me about his move in detail. I now know everything about his new home.
She told me about it herself.
She told me about it.
She told me about the evils of stealing.
She told me about what she saw in Australia.
She told me about what she saw.
She told me all about her family.
She told me all about you.
She told me all kinds of things about you.
She told me all that without pausing.
She told me an interesting story.
She told me briefly what happened.
She told me everything after she got home from school.
She told me everything you said to her.
She told me everything.
She told me exactly what I wanted to hear.
She told me good things about you.
She told me he showed her tattoo to him.
She told me her car was in the shop.
She told me her dog died.
She told me her father was rich.
She told me her father wasn't home.
She told me her job was tough.
She told me her mother had been a doctor.
She told me her mother was a doctor.
She told me her mum bought it for her.
She told me her name was Mary.
She told me her secret.
She told me his father wasn't home.
She told me his name after he had left.
She told me how it was wrong to steal.
She told me how old she is.
She told me how she got her nickname.
She told me how to get to her house.
She told me how to swim.
She told me in no uncertain terms that she would not be coming back.
She told me in the letter what she didn't like about me.
She told me it was her fault.
She told me it was over.
She told me it.
She told me last Tuesday that something dreadful WOULD happen to me if I didn't say my prayers every night. And I haven't said them for over a week, just to see what would happen . . . and nothing has.
She told me many stories about her life.
She told me not to follow her.
She told me not to go there alone.
She told me not to smoke in the kitchen.
She told me not to smoke in the presence of children.
She told me not to talk to him.
She told me not to talk to you.
She told me not to tell anyone, so I didn't.
She told me not to tell anyone, so I didn’t.
She told me not to tell lies.
She told me not to tell you.
She told me not to touch her.
She told me not to wait for him.
She told me once and for all that she did not want to see me again.
She told me once that she would like to live in the Netherlands.
She told me she appreciated that.
She told me she ate too much.
She told me she ate way too much.
She told me she believed him.
She told me she believed that.
She told me she bought a CD.
She told me she bought these for you.
She told me she called the police.
She told me she called you.
She told me she came all the way from Boston just to visit him.
She told me she came all the way from Hokkaido to see her brother.
She told me she can see ghosts.
She told me she can't do that.
She told me she can't eat peanuts.
She told me she can't speak French.
She told me she could do it.
She told me she could do that.
She told me she could fix it.
She told me she could handle it.
She told me she could help him.
She told me she could help us.
She told me she could take it.
She told me she couldn't breathe.
She told me she couldn't do that by herself.
She told me she couldn't do that.
She told me she couldn't help me.
She told me she couldn't stay long.
She told me she couldn't wait.
She told me she couldn't walk.
She told me she cried.
She told me she did nothing wrong.
She told me she did that already.
She told me she did that for us.
She told me she did that for you.
She told me she did that in 2013.
She told me she did that wrong.
She told me she did that.
She told me she didn't agree.
She told me she didn't cry.
She told me she didn't do it.
She told me she didn't do that.
She told me she didn't eat meat.
She told me she didn't eat pork.
She told me she didn't feel cold.
She told me she didn't feel safe.
She told me she didn't feel well.
She told me she didn't get it.
She told me she didn't have a car.
She told me she didn't kiss him.
She told me she didn't know him.
She told me she didn't know.
She told me she didn't like beer.
She told me she didn't like boxing.
She told me she didn't like cats.
She told me she didn't like dogs.
She told me she didn't like fishing.
She told me she didn't like him.
She told me she didn't like spinach.
She told me she didn't like swimming.
She told me she didn't need my help.
She told me she didn't recognize him the last time she saw him.
She told me she didn't see anything.
She told me she didn't see him.
She told me she didn't smoke.
She told me she didn't speak French.
She told me she didn't study French.
She told me she didn't teach French.
She told me she didn't want me here.
She told me she didn't want to win.
She told me she didn't win.
She told me she disagreed.
She told me she doesn't eat meat.
She told me she doesn't eat pork.
She told me she doesn't know him.
She told me she doesn't like him.
She told me she doesn't want that.
She told me she enjoyed it.
She told me she enjoyed the concert.
She told me she enjoyed the drive.
She told me she enjoyed the movie.
She told me she enjoyed the party.
She told me she enjoyed the picnic.
She told me she enjoyed the show.
She told me she enjoyed the view.
She told me she felt bad about that.
She told me she felt better.
She told me she felt cold.
She told me she felt fine.
She told me she felt hot.
She told me she felt hungry.
She told me she felt offended.
She told me she felt safe.
She told me she felt seasick.
She told me she felt sick.
She told me she felt tired.
She told me she felt weak.
She told me she forgot something.
She told me she found a job for me.
She told me she found her keys.
She told me she found something.
She told me she found this in a cave.
She told me she got here early today.
She told me she got there first.
She told me she had a cold.
She told me she had a headache.
She told me she had a job for me.
She told me she had a knife.
She told me she had a plan.
She told me she had a problem.
She told me she had been studying English for many years.
She told me she had no money.
She told me she had no regrets.
She told me she had some work to do.
She told me she had to do that.
She told me she had to go.
She told me she had to leave.
She told me she had to split.
She told me she had to stay home.
She told me she had to walk home.
She told me she had to work late.
She told me she hadn't done that yet.
She told me she hadn't gone shopping with him.
She told me she has just done that.
She told me she hasn't done that yet.
She told me she hasn't seen him.
She told me she hated Christmas.
She told me she hated doing that.
She told me she heard gunshots.
She told me she intended to do that.
She told me she intended to go to Boston with him.
She told me she intended to win.
She told me she isn't hungry.
She told me she isn't sleepy yet.
She told me she just saw him.
She told me she knew him.
She told me she knew how I felt.
She told me she knew how to do that.
She told me she knew my brother.
She told me she knew the rules.
She told me she knew what to do.
She told me she knew who did that.
She told me she knew you.
She told me she knows him.
She told me she knows the rules.
She told me she left early.
She told me she liked doing that.
She told me she liked him.
She told me she liked it.
She told me she liked my idea.
She told me she liked pizza.
She told me she liked rain.
She told me she liked snow.
She told me she liked swimming.
She told me she liked the idea.
She told me she liked the movie.
She told me she liked the party.
She told me she liked to do that.
She told me she liked working with him.
She told me she likes Chinese food.
She told me she likes doing that.
She told me she likes swimming.
She told me she likes to do that.
She told me she likes to swim.
She told me she likes you a lot.
She told me she lived on Park Street.
She told me she loved him.
She told me she loved me.
She told me she loves me.
She told me she may do that.
She told me she might do that.
She told me she might not do that.
She told me she might not win.
She told me she might win.
She told me she needed a favor.
She told me she needed money.
She told me she needed more money.
She told me she needed more time.
She told me she needed my help.
She told me she needed our help.
She told me she needed some cash.
She told me she needed some money.
She told me she needed some time to herself.
She told me she needed space.
She told me she needed to talk.
She told me she needs to do that.
She told me she never did that.
She told me she never said that.
She told me she never saw him.
She told me she never uses shampoo.
She told me she ought to do that.
She told me she plans on doing that.
She told me she plans on going.
She told me she plans to do that.
She told me she plans to go.
She told me she preferred red wine.
She told me she saw somebody kissing him.
She told me she saw that movie.
She told me she saw you at the mall.
She told me she saw you two kissing.
She told me she should do that.
She told me she should go.
She told me she speaks French.
She told me she spoke French.
She told me she studied French.
She told me she thought she could win.
She told me she thought she might win.
She told me she thought she saw him.
She told me she told you.
She told me she tried to do that.
She told me she tried to win.
She told me she understood.
She told me she used to be married to him.
She told me she used to be married.
She told me she used to be rich.
She told me she used to be very poor.
She told me she walked home.
She told me she wanted a dog.
She told me she wanted a lawyer.
She told me she wanted me to do that.
She told me she wanted me to win.
She told me she wanted my help.
She told me she wanted to cry.
She told me she wanted to die.
She told me she wanted to do that by herself.
She told me she wanted to do that.
She told me she wanted to go.
She told me she wanted to help.
She told me she wanted to kiss him.
She told me she wanted to leave.
She told me she wanted to meet him.
She told me she wanted to quit.
She told me she wanted to talk.
She told me she wanted to win.
She told me she wants to die.
She told me she wants to do that.
She told me she wants to go with us.
She told me she wants to win.
She told me she wants to write a book.
She told me she was Canadian.
She told me she was OK.
She told me she was a doctor.
She told me she was a happily married woman.
She told me she was a poet.
She told me she was adopted.
She told me she was afraid of snakes.
She told me she was afraid.
She told me she was agnostic.
She told me she was all worn out.
She told me she was alone.
She told me she was already married.
She told me she was ambidextrous.
She told me she was an artist.
She told me she was angry.
She told me she was annoyed.
She told me she was appreciative.
She told me she was at home.
She told me she was at school.
She told me she was bilingual.
She told me she was bored.
She told me she was broke.
She told me she was busy.
She told me she was certain.
She told me she was claustrophobic.
She told me she was cold.
She told me she was coming back.
She told me she was concerned.
She told me she was confused.
She told me she was conservative.
She told me she was curious.
She told me she was depressed.
She told me she was desperate.
She told me she was diabetic.
She told me she was disappointed.
She told me she was discontented.
She told me she was discouraged.
She told me she was disorganized.
She told me she was displeased.
She told me she was divorced.
She told me she was dizzy.
She told me she was doing fine.
She told me she was doing that now.
She told me she was doing that.
She told me she was done, too.
She told me she was done.
She told me she was drunk.
She told me she was dying.
She told me she was early.
She told me she was embarrassed.
She told me she was excited.
She told me she was exhausted.
She told me she was famished.
She told me she was feeling bad.
She told me she was feeling dizzy.
She told me she was feeling fine.
She told me she was fine.
She told me she was finished.
She told me she was flexible.
She told me she was forgetful.
She told me she was free.
She told me she was frightened.
She told me she was frustrated.
She told me she was full.
She told me she was furious.
She told me she was glad to help.
She told me she was glad to see me.
She told me she was glad.
She told me she was going home.
She told me she was going to do that.
She told me she was going to help.
She told me she was going to kill herself.
She told me she was going to take the train.
She told me she was going to talk to him.
She told me she was going to the gym.
She told me she was going to the hospital to visit him.
She told me she was going to win.
She told me she was grateful.
She told me she was happy here.
She told me she was happy.
She told me she was having fun.
She told me she was headed home.
She told me she was healthy.
She told me she was heartbroken.
She told me she was home last night.
She told me she was homeless.
She told me she was homesick.
She told me she was hot.
She told me she was hungry.
She told me she was impressed.
She told me she was in a hurry.
She told me she was innocent.
She told me she was interested.
She told me she was irritated.
She told me she was jealous.
She told me she was lazy.
She told me she was lonely.
She told me she was looking for him.
She told me she was lost.
She told me she was lucky.
She told me she was mad.
She told me she was married.
She told me she was miserable.
She told me she was mistaken.
She told me she was nervous.
She told me she was next.
She told me she was offended.
She told me she was optimistic.
She told me she was over thirty.
She told me she was overweight.
She told me she was pessimistic.
She told me she was pleased.
She told me she was poor.
She told me she was positive.
She told me she was pregnant.
She told me she was prepared.
She told me she was psyched.
She told me she was puzzled.
She told me she was ready to do that.
She told me she was ready to go.
She told me she was ready.
She told me she was really busy.
She told me she was really hungry.
She told me she was relieved.
She told me she was retired.
She told me she was rich.
She told me she was sad.
She told me she was safe.
She told me she was satisfied.
She told me she was scared.
She told me she was serious.
She told me she was short.
She told me she was shy.
She told me she was sick.
She told me she was single.
She told me she was skeptical.
She told me she was sleepy.
She told me she was sorry.
She told me she was starved.
She told me she was still afraid.
She told me she was strict.
She told me she was strong.
She told me she was studying French.
She told me she was stuffed.
She told me she was surprised.
She told me she was suspicious.
She told me she was sympathetic.
She told me she was teaching French.
She told me she was tense.
She told me she was terrified.
She told me she was thirsty.
She told me she was thirty.
She told me she was thrilled.
She told me she was through.
She told me she was ticklish.
She told me she was tired.
She told me she was unafraid.
She told me she was unbiased.
She told me she was uncomfortable.
She told me she was unconvinced.
She told me she was undecided.
She told me she was unemployed.
She told me she was unfazed by that.
She told me she was unhappy.
She told me she was unhurt.
She told me she was unimpressed.
She told me she was uninsured.
She told me she was unlucky.
She told me she was unmarried.
She told me she was upset.
She told me she was very busy.
She told me she was very happy.
She told me she was very hungry.
She told me she was very sorry.
She told me she was very tired.
She told me she was very upset.
She told me she was wealthy.
She told me she was well.
She told me she was working.
She told me she was worn out.
She told me she was worried.
She told me she was wounded.
She told me she was wrong.
She told me she wasn't afraid of him.
She told me she wasn't afraid.
She told me she wasn't alone.
She told me she wasn't an expert.
She told me she wasn't angry.
She told me she wasn't bored.
She told me she wasn't busy.
She told me she wasn't coming back.
She told me she wasn't coming.
She told me she wasn't convinced.
She told me she wasn't discouraged.
She told me she wasn't embarrassed.
She told me she wasn't happy here.
She told me she wasn't happy.
She told me she wasn't hungry.
She told me she wasn't impressed.
She told me she wasn't in pain.
She told me she wasn't injured.
She told me she wasn't mad.
She told me she wasn't married.
She told me she wasn't nervous.
She told me she wasn't offended.
She told me she wasn't prepared.
She told me she wasn't ready to go.
She told me she wasn't sick anymore.
She told me she wasn't sick.
She told me she wasn't sleepy yet.
She told me she wasn't sleepy.
She told me she wasn't so sure.
She told me she wasn't sorry.
She told me she wasn't sure.
She told me she wasn't surprised.
She told me she wasn't thirsty.
She told me she wasn't ticklish.
She told me she wasn't tired.
She told me she wasn't upset.
She told me she wasn't very hungry.
She told me she wasn't worried.
She told me she won't do that again.
She told me she won't do that.
She told me she won't marry me.
She told me she won.
She told me she would be here about six.
She told me she would come again.
She told me she would do it tomorrow.
She told me she would do that.
She told me she would help us.
She told me she would leave soon.
She told me she would rather not go.
She told me she would sort it out.
She told me she wouldn't cry.
She told me she wouldn't do that.
She told me she wouldn't stay long.
She told me she wouldn't vote for him.
She told me she wouldn't wait.
She told me she wouldn't win.
She told me she'd agreed to do that.
She told me she'd already done that.
She told me she'd already eaten.
She told me she'd also do that.
She told me she'd be absent.
She told me she'd be alone.
She told me she'd be back soon.
She told me she'd be back.
She told me she'd be busy on Monday.
She told me she'd be careful.
She told me she'd be coming back.
She told me she'd be cooperative.
She told me she'd be discreet.
She told me she'd be fair.
She told me she'd be glad to help me.
She told me she'd be here.
She told me she'd be home on Monday.
She told me she'd be late.
She told me she'd be ready soon.
She told me she'd be right back.
She told me she'd be right over.
She told me she'd be supportive.
She told me she'd be the same as before, but I didn't believe her.
She told me she'd be there.
She told me she'd been busy.
She told me she'd been careless.
She told me she'd been forgiven.
She told me she'd been sick.
She told me she'd been suspended.
She told me she'd bought a car.
She told me she'd buy it.
She told me she'd call me back.
She told me she'd call me.
She told me she'd call tomorrow.
She told me she'd call you later.
She told me she'd call you.
She told me she'd changed her plans.
She told me she'd come again.
She told me she'd come.
She told me she'd cried.
She told me she'd decided to do that.
She told me she'd do it tomorrow.
She told me she'd do it.
She told me she'd do that again.
She told me she'd do that for us.
She told me she'd do that herself.
She told me she'd do that later.
She told me she'd do that soon.
She told me she'd do that tomorrow.
She told me she'd do that, too.
She told me she'd do that.
She told me she'd done that.
She told me she'd eat lunch with him.
She told me she'd found a girlfriend.
She told me she'd help him.
She told me she'd help me.
She told me she'd help us.
She told me she'd help.
She told me she'd leave soon.
She told me she'd leave.
She told me she'd lied.
She told me she'd like to help.
She told me she'd likely cry.
She told me she'd likely do that.
She told me she'd look at it.
She told me she'd look into it.
She told me she'd lost her textbook.
She told me she'd lost her watch.
She told me she'd love to help.
She told me she'd never do that.
She told me she'd never leave me.
She told me she'd never let me down.
She told me she'd rather go home.
She told me she'd rather not go.
She told me she'd sing.
She told me she'd sort it out.
She told me she'd stay home.
She told me she'd talk to him.
She told me she'd try again.
She told me she'd try doing that.
She told me she'd try to do that.
She told me she'd try to win.
She told me she'd try.
She told me she'd vote for him.
She told me she'd wait and see.
She told me she'd wait for us.
She told me she'd wait.
She told me she'd walk home.
She told me she'd win, but she didn't.
She told me she'd win.
She told me she'd won.
She told me she'll be back soon.
She told me she'll be home on Monday.
She told me she'll do that tomorrow.
She told me she'll join us later.
She told me she's afraid to do that.
She told me she's afraid.
She told me she's alone.
She told me she's bored.
She told me she's broke.
She told me she's cold.
She told me she's decided to do that.
She told me she's depressed.
She told me she's discouraged.
She told me she's doing that now.
She told me she's done.
She told me she's exhausted.
She told me she's fine.
She told me she's first.
She told me she's frightened.
She told me she's getting married.
She told me she's giving me her ass as a birthday present.
She told me she's heartbroken.
She told me she's interested.
She told me she's intoxicated.
She told me she's irritated.
She told me she's jealous.
She told me she's just done that.
She told me she's last.
She told me she's leaving tomorrow.
She told me she's lonely.
She told me she's losing weight.
She told me she's miserable here in Boston without him.
She told me she's nervous.
She told me she's never done that.
She told me she's never met you.
She told me she's never talked to him.
She told me she's pessimistic.
She told me she's pleased.
She told me she's prepared.
She told me she's puzzled.
She told me she's ready to do that.
She told me she's ready.
She told me she's retired.
She told me she's safe.
She told me she's scared.
She told me she's shy.
She told me she's skeptical.
She told me she's sleepy.
She told me she's starved.
She told me she's suspicious.
She told me she's sympathetic.
She told me she's tempted to do that.
She told me she's terrified.
She told me she's thirsty.
She told me she's through doing that.
She told me she's ticklish.
She told me she's tired.
She told me she's unafraid.
She told me she's unbiased.
She told me she's unconvinced.
She told me she's unemployed.
She told me she's unimpressed.
She told me she's upset.
She told me she's very hungry.
She told me she's well.
She told me so herself.
She told me such stories as were useful.
She told me that I could sleep on the sofa.
She told me that I could use her room.
She told me that I lacked manliness.
She told me that I was too old for her.
She told me that I'll have to run from him.
She told me that he loved me.
She told me that he loves me.
She told me that he showed her tattoo to him.
She told me that her dog died.
She told me that her mother had bought it for her.
She told me that her old man was a doctor.
She told me that his mother was a doctor.
She told me that if I don't stop smoking she's going to dump me. Sounds like an ultimatum to me!
She told me that if I don’t stop smoking she’s going to dump me. Sounds like an ultimatum to me!
She told me that if it didn't rain tomorrow she'd go cycling with him.
She told me that it was possible to rent a bicycle.
She told me that it would be a good idea if I came home soon.
She told me that my computer was not ready yet.
She told me that she ate too much.
She told me that she believed that.
She told me that she bought a CD.
She told me that she called you.
She told me that she came all the way from Boston just to visit him.
She told me that she came all the way from Hokkaido to see her brother.
She told me that she can see ghosts.
She told me that she can't do that.
She told me that she could do it.
She told me that she could do that.
She told me that she could fix it.
She told me that she could handle it.
She told me that she could help us.
She told me that she could take it.
She told me that she couldn't do that by herself.
She told me that she couldn't wait.
She told me that she couldn't walk.
She told me that she cried.
She told me that she did that for us.
She told me that she did that wrong.
She told me that she did that.
She told me that she didn't agree.
She told me that she didn't cry.
She told me that she didn't do it.
She told me that she didn't do that.
She told me that she didn't eat meat.
She told me that she didn't eat pork.
She told me that she didn't get it.
She told me that she didn't know.
She told me that she didn't like him.
She told me that she didn't recognize him the last time she saw him.
She told me that she didn't smoke.
She told me that she didn't want to be with me anymore.
She told me that she didn't want to tell him.
She told me that she didn't win.
She told me that she disagreed.
She told me that she doesn't like him.
She told me that she enjoyed it.
She told me that she enjoys hanging out with him.
She told me that she felt better.
She told me that she felt cold.
She told me that she felt fine.
She told me that she felt hot.
She told me that she felt hungry.
She told me that she felt offended.
She told me that she felt safe.
She told me that she felt seasick.
She told me that she felt sick.
She told me that she felt tired.
She told me that she felt weak.
She told me that she found her keys.
She told me that she found something.
She told me that she got her guitar for free.
She told me that she got there first.
She told me that she had a cold.
She told me that she had a headache.
She told me that she had a knife.
She told me that she had a plan.
She told me that she had a problem.
She told me that she had abandoned her husband and children.
She told me that she had already visited Russia.
She told me that she had bigger fish to fry.
She told me that she had bought a CD.
She told me that she had no money.
She told me that she had no regrets.
She told me that she had studied English for many years.
She told me that she had to do that.
She told me that she had to go.
She told me that she had to leave.
She told me that she had to split.
She told me that she hadn't gone shopping with him.
She told me that she has bought a record.
She told me that she has something more urgent to do.
She told me that she hated Christmas.
She told me that she heard gunshots.
She told me that she intended to go to Boston with him.
She told me that she intended to win.
She told me that she isn't hungry.
She told me that she knew him.
She told me that she knew how I felt.
She told me that she knew the rules.
She told me that she knew what to do.
She told me that she knew you.
She told me that she knows him.
She told me that she knows the rules.
She told me that she left early.
She told me that she liked him.
She told me that she liked it.
She told me that she liked my idea.
She told me that she liked pizza.
She told me that she liked rain.
She told me that she liked snow.
She told me that she liked swimming.
She told me that she liked the idea.
She told me that she liked the movie.
She told me that she liked the party.
She told me that she liked working with him.
She told me that she likes swimming.
She told me that she likes to swim.
She told me that she likes you a lot.
She told me that she loved him.
She told me that she loved me.
She told me that she loves me.
She told me that she may do that.
She told me that she might do that.
She told me that she might not win.
She told me that she might win.
She told me that she needed a favor.
She told me that she needed money.
She told me that she needed my help.
She told me that she needed our help.
She told me that she needed some time to herself.
She told me that she needed space.
She told me that she needed to talk.
She told me that she never did that.
She told me that she never said that.
She told me that she plans on going.
She told me that she plans to go.
She told me that she saw somebody kissing him.
She told me that she saw someone kissing him.
She told me that she saw that movie.
She told me that she should do that.
She told me that she should go.
She told me that she speaks French.
She told me that she spoke French.
She told me that she studied English for many years.
She told me that she studied French.
She told me that she thought she saw him.
She told me that she told you.
She told me that she tried to win.
She told me that she understood.
She told me that she used to be rich.
She told me that she walked home.
She told me that she walked through the woods by herself.
She told me that she wanted a dog.
She told me that she wanted a lawyer.
She told me that she wanted a pet dog.
She told me that she wanted me to do that for him.
She told me that she wanted my help.
She told me that she wanted to cry.
She told me that she wanted to die.
She told me that she wanted to do that by herself.
She told me that she wanted to go.
She told me that she wanted to help.
She told me that she wanted to kiss him.
She told me that she wanted to leave.
She told me that she wanted to meet him.
She told me that she wanted to quit.
She told me that she wanted to talk.
She told me that she wanted to win.
She told me that she wants to die.
She told me that she wants to win.
She told me that she was Canadian.
She told me that she was OK.
She told me that she was a doctor.
She told me that she was a poet.
She told me that she was adopted.
She told me that she was afraid of me.
She told me that she was afraid.
She told me that she was agnostic.
She told me that she was alone.
She told me that she was an artist.
She told me that she was angry.
She told me that she was annoyed.
She told me that she was at home.
She told me that she was at school.
She told me that she was bilingual.
She told me that she was bored.
She told me that she was broke.
She told me that she was certain.
She told me that she was cold.
She told me that she was coming back.
She told me that she was concerned.
She told me that she was confused.
She told me that she was curious.
She told me that she was depressed.
She told me that she was desperate.
She told me that she was diabetic.
She told me that she was discouraged.
She told me that she was displeased.
She told me that she was divorced.
She told me that she was dizzy.
She told me that she was doing fine.
She told me that she was doing that.
She told me that she was done, too.
She told me that she was done.
She told me that she was drunk.
She told me that she was dying.
She told me that she was early.
She told me that she was embarrassed.
She told me that she was excited.
She told me that she was exhausted.
She told me that she was famished.
She told me that she was feeling bad.
She told me that she was fine.
She told me that she was finished.
She told me that she was flexible.
She told me that she was forgetful.
She told me that she was free.
She told me that she was frightened.
She told me that she was frustrated.
She told me that she was full.
She told me that she was furious.
She told me that she was glad.
She told me that she was going home.
She told me that she was going to kill herself.
She told me that she was going to take the train.
She told me that she was going to talk to him.
She told me that she was going to the hospital to visit him.
She told me that she was grateful.
She told me that she was happy here.
She told me that she was happy.
She told me that she was having fun.
She told me that she was headed home.
She told me that she was healthy.
She told me that she was heartbroken.
She told me that she was homeless.
She told me that she was homesick.
She told me that she was hot.
She told me that she was impressed.
She told me that she was in a hurry.
She told me that she was innocent.
She told me that she was interested.
She told me that she was irritated.
She told me that she was jealous.
She told me that she was lazy.
She told me that she was lonely.
She told me that she was looking for him.
She told me that she was lost.
She told me that she was lucky.
She told me that she was mad.
She told me that she was married.
She told me that she was miserable.
She told me that she was mistaken.
She told me that she was nervous.
She told me that she was next.
She told me that she was not alone.
She told me that she was offended.
She told me that she was optimistic.
She told me that she was over thirty.
She told me that she was overweight.
She told me that she was pessimistic.
She told me that she was pleased.
She told me that she was poor.
She told me that she was positive.
She told me that she was prepared.
She told me that she was psyched.
She told me that she was puzzled.
She told me that she was ready to go.
She told me that she was ready.
She told me that she was really busy.
She told me that she was relieved.
She told me that she was retired.
She told me that she was rich.
She told me that she was sad.
She told me that she was safe.
She told me that she was satisfied.
She told me that she was scared.
She told me that she was serious.
She told me that she was short.
She told me that she was shy.
She told me that she was sick.
She told me that she was single.
She told me that she was skeptical.
She told me that she was sleepy.
She told me that she was sorry.
She told me that she was starved.
She told me that she was strict.
She told me that she was strong.
She told me that she was stuffed.
She told me that she was surprised.
She told me that she was suspicious.
She told me that she was sympathetic.
She told me that she was tense.
She told me that she was terrified.
She told me that she was thirsty.
She told me that she was thirty.
She told me that she was thrilled.
She told me that she was through.
She told me that she was ticklish.
She told me that she was tired.
She told me that she was unafraid.
She told me that she was unbiased.
She told me that she was unconvinced.
She told me that she was undecided.
She told me that she was unemployed.
She told me that she was unhappy.
She told me that she was unhurt.
She told me that she was unimpressed.
She told me that she was uninsured.
She told me that she was unlucky.
She told me that she was unmarried.
She told me that she was upset.
She told me that she was very busy.
She told me that she was very happy.
She told me that she was very hungry.
She told me that she was very poor.
She told me that she was very tired.
She told me that she was very upset.
She told me that she was wealthy.
She told me that she was well.
She told me that she was working.
She told me that she was worn out.
She told me that she was worried.
She told me that she was wounded.
She told me that she was wrong.
She told me that she wasn't afraid of him.
She told me that she wasn't afraid.
She told me that she wasn't alone.
She told me that she wasn't angry.
She told me that she wasn't bored.
She told me that she wasn't busy.
She told me that she wasn't coming.
She told me that she wasn't happy.
She told me that she wasn't hungry.
She told me that she wasn't in pain.
She told me that she wasn't injured.
She told me that she wasn't mad.
She told me that she wasn't married.
She told me that she wasn't much older than him.
She told me that she wasn't nervous.
She told me that she wasn't offended.
She told me that she wasn't prepared.
She told me that she wasn't seeing anybody, but I don't believe her.
She told me that she wasn't sick.
She told me that she wasn't sleepy.
She told me that she wasn't so sure.
She told me that she wasn't sure.
She told me that she wasn't thirsty.
She told me that she wasn't ticklish.
She told me that she wasn't tired.
She told me that she wasn't upset.
She told me that she wasn't worried.
She told me that she went to the airport yesterday.
She told me that she won't do that.
She told me that she won't marry me.
She told me that she won.
She told me that she would do that.
She told me that she would go to Paris in August.
She told me that she would help us.
She told me that she would never marry Tom.
She told me that she would not marry him.
She told me that she wouldn't cry.
She told me that she wouldn't do that by herself.
She told me that she wouldn't wait.
She told me that she wouldn't win.
She told me that she'd already eaten.
She told me that she'd also do that.
She told me that she'd be absent.
She told me that she'd be alone.
She told me that she'd be back soon.
She told me that she'd be back.
She told me that she'd be careful.
She told me that she'd be discreet.
She told me that she'd be fair.
She told me that she'd be here.
She told me that she'd be late.
She told me that she'd be ready soon.
She told me that she'd be right back.
She told me that she'd be right over.
She told me that she'd be supportive.
She told me that she'd be there.
She told me that she'd been busy.
She told me that she'd been careless.
She told me that she'd been forgiven.
She told me that she'd been sick.
She told me that she'd bought a car.
She told me that she'd buy it.
She told me that she'd call me back.
She told me that she'd call me.
She told me that she'd call tomorrow.
She told me that she'd call you.
She told me that she'd changed her plans.
She told me that she'd come again.
She told me that she'd come.
She told me that she'd cried.
She told me that she'd do it.
She told me that she'd do that again.
She told me that she'd do that later.
She told me that she'd do that soon.
She told me that she'd do that, too.
She told me that she'd do that.
She told me that she'd done that.
She told me that she'd eat lunch with him.
She told me that she'd help me.
She told me that she'd help us.
She told me that she'd help.
She told me that she'd leave soon.
She told me that she'd leave.
She told me that she'd lied.
She told me that she'd like to help.
She told me that she'd likely cry.
She told me that she'd look at it.
She told me that she'd look into it.
She told me that she'd lost her textbook.
She told me that she'd lost her watch.
She told me that she'd love to help.
She told me that she'd never do that.
She told me that she'd rather not go.
She told me that she'd sing.
She told me that she'd sort it out.
She told me that she'd stay home.
She told me that she'd try again.
She told me that she'd try to win.
She told me that she'd try.
She told me that she'd wait and see.
She told me that she'd wait for us.
She told me that she'd wait.
She told me that she'd walk home.
She told me that she'd win.
She told me that she'd won.
She told me that she'll be back soon.
She told me that she's afraid.
She told me that she's alone.
She told me that she's better at doing that than him.
She told me that she's bored.
She told me that she's broke.
She told me that she's cold.
She told me that she's depressed.
She told me that she's discouraged.
She told me that she's done.
She told me that she's exhausted.
She told me that she's fine.
She told me that she's first.
She told me that she's frightened.
She told me that she's heartbroken.
She told me that she's interested.
She told me that she's intoxicated.
She told me that she's irritated.
She told me that she's jealous.
She told me that she's last.
She told me that she's lonely.
She told me that she's losing weight.
She told me that she's nervous.
She told me that she's never met you.
She told me that she's pessimistic.
She told me that she's pleased.
She told me that she's prepared.
She told me that she's puzzled.
She told me that she's ready.
She told me that she's retired.
She told me that she's safe.
She told me that she's scared.
She told me that she's shy.
She told me that she's skeptical.
She told me that she's sleepy.
She told me that she's starved.
She told me that she's suspicious.
She told me that she's sympathetic.
She told me that she's terrified.
She told me that she's thirsty.
She told me that she's ticklish.
She told me that she's tired.
She told me that she's unafraid.
She told me that she's unbiased.
She told me that she's unconvinced.
She told me that she's unemployed.
She told me that she's unimpressed.
She told me that she's upset.
She told me that she's very hungry.
She told me that she's well.
She told me that the most incredible thing had just happened.
She told me that there is an important meeting tomorrow.
She told me that they were only friends.
She told me that yesterday.
She told me that!
She told me that, without me, this life had nothing of interest for her.
She told me the matter regarding her teacher.
She told me the project had been a failure.
She told me the same thing.
She told me the story in confidence.
She told me the wrong address on purpose.
She told me they had left her without any money.
She told me they used to be close.
She told me this morning.
She told me this story off the record.
She told me to ask him.
She told me to come inside house.
She told me to get out of her room.
She told me to get out of her van.
She told me to give this to him.
She told me to meet her at her house.
She told me to open the window.
She told me to stay away from him.
She told me to stay home.
She told me to stay out of her room.
She told me to stay out of her way.
She told me to talk to him.
She told me to tell you she's OK.
She told me to tell you she's fine.
She told me to wring out the sponge when I was done with it.
She told me today that she loved me.
She told me what she saw.
She told me what she wanted.
She told me what was happening there.
She told me where she lived.
She told me where she parked her car.
She told me where to go.
She told me which clothes would be good to wear.
She told me why she couldn't do that.
She told me why she couldn't win.
She told me why she did that.
She told me why she didn't do that.
She told me why she didn't like him.
She told me why she didn't win.
She told me why she had left.
She told me why she left early.
She told me why she left.
She told me why she needed my help.
She told me why she was angry.
She told me why she was late.
She told me why she went.
She told me why she'd left.
She told me yesterday.
She told me you agreed with her.
She told me you despised him.
She told me you drink like crazy.
She told me you hit her.
She told me you hit him.
She told me you speak Dutch.
She told me you were sick.
She told me you were studying English by yourself.
She told me you work for her.
She told me you work for him.
She told my secret.
She told no one.
She told some jokes and sang some funny songs at a patient's beside.
She told some jokes and sang some funny songs at a patient’s beside.
She told the child to eat up the food.
She told the children an interesting story.
She told the children to line up.
She told the dog to stay.
She told the joke with a completely straight face.
She told the joke with a straight face.
She told the judge she was sorry.
She told the police about all those incidents.
She told the story as candidly as possible.
She told the story with tears in her eyes.
She told the team she wants to quit.
She told the truth.
She told them she would stay there.
She told them they shouldn't do that.
She told us about her childhood.
She told us about her day.
She told us about her trip.
She told us an interesting story.
She told us her story.
She told us how she did that.
She told us not to make a noise.
She told us not to make any noise.
She told us she could do that.
She told us she could help.
She told us she could speak French.
She told us she could win.
She told us she couldn't bear everyone thinking she was this home wrecker.
She told us she couldn't do that.
She told us she couldn't eat peanuts.
She told us she couldn't help.
She told us she couldn't win.
She told us she escaped.
She told us she loved skiing.
She told us she thought she'd do that.
She told us she thought she'd win.
She told us she wouldn't cry.
She told us she wouldn't do that.
She told us she'd cried.
She told us she'd do that again.
She told us she'd do that.
She told us she'd study French.
She told us she'd to go with us.
She told us she'd win.
She told us that she had a headache.
She told us that she knew the risks.
She told us that she'd cooperate.
She told us that she'd cried.
She told us that the road was closed.
She told us that we must call a doctor immediately.
She told us that you had a headache.
She told us the road was closed.
She told us what she knew.
She told us where to find him.
She told us why she'd been absent.
She told us why.
She told us you hit her.
She told us you hit him.
She told you something, didn't she?
She told you to say that, didn't she?
She told you what to do, didn't she?
She told you, didn't she?
She tolerates pain.
She too wore a Kabyle dress.
She took 90 minutes to complete the MMPI-A.
She took Berber in high school.
She took Chinese medicine, which relieved her symptoms.
She took Lina to an amazing Algerian restaurant in Paris.
She took Lina to one of her favorite restaurants.
She took Linda to a posh restaurant.
She took Mom to the hospital.
She took Rima to the beach.
She took a ballpoint pen from her bag.
She took a ballpoint pen from her pocket.
She took a basket and went straight to the market.
She took a bath.
She took a beer out of the fridge and handed it to him.
She took a big gulp of her drink.
She took a big risk.
She took a biro from her bag.
She took a biro from her pocket.
She took a bite of the apple.
She took a bite of the cake and smiled with delight.
She took a bite out of her sandwich.
She took a bite.
She took a blanket off the bed and wrapped it around herself.
She took a book at random from the shelf.
She took a book from him.
She took a book from the shelf.
She took a book off the shelf and handed it to him.
She took a book to read.
She took a break, and I took over for a while.
She took a bubble bath.
She took a cab.
She took a casual glance at her watch.
She took a casual glance at the book.
She took a change of clothes in her suitcase as they were staying overnight.
She took a close look at the ring.
She took a day off.
She took a deep breath and then started to talk about herself.
She took a deep breath to calm herself.
She took a deep breath.
She took a drink and then offered the bottle to him.
She took a drink from her glass.
She took a dump.
She took a fancy to an older boy.
She took a few steps closer to him.
She took a flower from the vase and held it out to me.
She took a flowerpot in.
She took a glove off.
She took a guess.
She took a hot bubble bath surrounded by scented candles.
She took a job in a store for the summer.
She took a large key from the wall and led the guests through the kitchen to the old building's courtyard.
She took a life.
She took a long time to choose her hat.
She took a look at the computer.
She took a look at the dress.
She took a lot of baggage with her.
She took a lot of flak.
She took a lot of pictures of him.
She took a metal box from the top of the kitchen cabinet.
She took a moment to compose herself.
She took a notebook out of her bag.
She took a painkiller.
She took a pen from her bag.
She took a pen from her pocket.
She took a pen out of her pocket.
She took a pen.
She took a pencil and began drawing on a piece of paper.
She took a photo of the house.
She took a photo.
She took a photograph of the house.
She took a picture down.
She took a picture of her dog and sent it to him.
She took a picture of herself and sent it to her boyfriend.
She took a picture of herself and sent it to him.
She took a picture of him.
She took a picture.
She took a piece of paper out of her pocket and handed it to him.
She took a pregnancy test.
She took a protein shake.
She took a quick peek around.
She took a seat across from him.
She took a seat next to him.
She took a seat.
She took a selfie and sent it to him.
She took a shower.
She took a shuttle to a tiny village where no one spoke Tamazight.
She took a sip from her coffee mug.
She took a sip of her drink.
She took a sip of her milk.
She took a sip of her tea.
She took a snowmobile.
She took a spoon.
She took a step backward.
She took a step backwards.
She took a step forward.
She took a step toward him.
She took a step towards him.
She took a strong hold on the rope.
She took a swig from her flask.
She took a table out.
She took a taxi to the hospital.
She took a taxi to the museum.
She took a ten-day trip to Europe with her friends.
She took a tiny golden needle, pricked Elsa in the arm, and gave the needle to the old man, who stuck it into the heart of the doll.
She took a trip to Paris.
She took a tumble.
She took a typical example of modern music.
She took a walk before breakfast.
She took a walk in the park.
She took a walk with her father this morning.
She took advantage of every opportunity.
She took advantage of her paid vacation and went skiing.
She took advantage of his confusion to escape.
She took advantage of his kindness.
She took advantage of me.
She took advantage of my ignorance.
She took advantage of our hospitality and stayed a whole month without paying us anything.
She took advantage of the fine weather to paint the wall.
She took aim at a deer.
She took aim at the bandit.
She took aim at the deer.
She took all my things with her.
She took all the good ones.
She took an active part in the women's lib movement.
She took an active part in the women’s lib movement.
She took an airplane from Algiers to Rome.
She took an examination in English.
She took an oath in God's name.
She took an umbrella.
She took another step toward him.
She took away all the medicines.
She took back her words.
She took back the coat she lent me.
She took care of at sidi hamed.
She took care of her grandfather.
She took care of her little brother while her mother was gone.
She took care of her sick child all night.
She took care of her sick mother.
She took care of him.
She took care of his wound.
She took care of my dog.
She took care of the child.
She took care of the children.
She took care of the egg.
She took care of the poor little bird.
She took control of the situation.
She took copious notes.
She took cover.
She took credit for my idea.
She took down a book from the shelf.
She took down the speech in shorthand.
She took everything to her office.
She took everything with her.
She took everything.
She took first prize in the race.
She took four different pregnancy tests.
She took full advantage of her stay in London to improve her English.
She took full advantage of the opportunity.
She took full responsibility for her actions.
She took good care of her children.
She took good care of him.
She took great pains to get the job done before the deadline.
She took great pains to raise her children.
She took her anger out on him.
She took her anger out on me.
She took her bike to the store.
She took her book.
She took her boots off.
She took her brother to the zoo.
She took her camera with her.
She took her cap off.
She took her children to Boston with her.
She took her children to the park.
She took her children to the zoo.
She took her clothes off.
She took her coat and gloves off.
She took her coat off.
She took her daughter to school.
She took her dog for a walk on the beach.
She took her dog for a walk.
She took her dog to Boston with her.
She took her dog to the park before breakfast.
She took her dog to the vet.
She took her dog with her.
She took her family to the zoo.
She took her favorite toy with her.
She took her foot off the gas.
She took her friend's help for granted and wasn't really grateful for it.
She took her friend’s help for granted and wasn’t really grateful for it.
She took her glasses off.
She took her gloves off.
She took her goggles off.
She took her hat off.
She took her headphones off.
She took her helmet off.
She took her hijab off.
She took her husband with her.
She took her husband's last name.
She took her jacket off.
She took her keys out of her pocket.
She took her life.
She took her lute and, without saying anything to anyone, she went forth into the wide world.
She took her own life.
She took her pen out of her pocket.
She took her pencil and started to write.
She took her place among them.
She took her place at the table, poured herself a glass of white wine and waited.
She took her place at the table.
She took her reading glasses off.
She took her ring off and threw it at him.
She took her seat at the piano and began to play.
She took her seat.
She took her secrets to the grave.
She took her shahada in Algeria.
She took her shahada in Bejaia.
She took her shoe off and began to tickle her foot.
She took her shoes and socks off.
She took her shoes off at the door.
She took her shoes off.
She took her socks off.
She took her son to work.
She took her sunglasses off and handed them to him.
She took her sunglasses off.
She took her time walking home.
She took her time.
She took her wedding ring off.
She took her.
She took him and his daughter home.
She took him by the arm.
She took him for all his money.
She took him in.
She took him to the lake.
She took him to the shopping centre to buy him some clothes.
She took him to the store.
She took him to the zoo.
She took him.
She took his arm.
She took his book.
She took his car keys away from him.
She took his car keys from him.
She took his empty glass from his hand and refilled it.
She took his fancy.
She took his money.
She took his place.
She took his side.
She took hold of my hand and held it tightly.
She took hold of my hand to teach me.
She took home the cup.
She took in the situation at a glance.
She took in the washing when it started to rain.
She took it off for them.
She took it off.
She took it off?
She took me around the shops.
She took me aside.
She took me by surprise.
She took me by the hand and begged me to tell no one what had happened.
She took me by the hand.
She took me for Mr Tamori.
She took me for my brother.
She took me half way there, and then played innocent.
She took me in her arms and said "Don't be afraid my son!"
She took me into her confidence.
She took me to my swim teacher.
She took me under her wing and taught me everything she knew.
She took me under her wing and taught me everything she knows.
She took me under her wing.
She took money from all three of us.
She took more money.
She took my bicycle before my eyes; she didn't even ask me for it!
She took my bicycle before my eyes; she didn’t even ask me for it!
She took my breath away.
She took my brother for me.
She took my car.
She took my computer to the concert.
She took my hand.
She took my hands and squeezed them.
She took my heart with her.
She took my hint and smiled.
She took my joke seriously.
She took my umbrella without so much as asking me.
She took my words as a joke.
She took night classes in the art of self-defense.
She took night classes in the science of self-defense.
She took no notice of me at all.
She took no notice of what her father said.
She took no pleasure in eating or drinking.
She took notes, didn't she?
She took notes.
She took off after him.
She took off all her clothes.
She took off her boots.
She took off her cap.
She took off her clothes.
She took off her coat and gloves.
She took off her coat.
She took off her cowboy hat.
She took off her earphones.
She took off her gardening gloves.
She took off her glasses and put her contacts in.
She took off her gloves.
She took off her goggles.
She took off her headphones.
She took off her headscarf.
She took off her headset.
She took off her helmet.
She took off her jacket.
She took off her muddy shoes.
She took off her name tag.
She took off her old shoes and put on the new ones.
She took off her overalls and flopped on to the sofa.
She took off her pack.
She took off her raincoat.
She took off her ring.
She took off her robe and got in the tub.
She took off her scarf.
She took off her shoes and socks.
She took off her shoes.
She took off her ski boots.
She took off her socks.
She took off her sunglasses.
She took off her sweater.
She took off her training bra.
She took off her uniform.
She took off her watch.
She took off her wedding ring.
She took off her wig.
She took off on her bicycle.
She took off on her bike.
She took off on her motorcycle.
She took off one of her gloves.
She took off the lid of the box.
She took off the make-up to go to sleep.
She took off to find him.
She took offence at my word.
She took offence at something.
She took offense at her daughter's behavior.
She took offense at her daughter’s behavior.
She took offense at my words.
She took offense at something.
She took on more than she could handle.
She took on the role of a guide.
She took one of her gloves off.
She took one piece of pie and gave the other to him.
She took out a full-page ad in the newspaper pleading for help in finding her kidnapped daughter.
She took out a loan in order to buy a car.
She took out after him.
She took out her anger on him.
She took out her camera.
She took out her earplugs.
She took out her false teeth.
She took out her gun and shot him.
She took out her knife and sliced the tomato.
She took out her phone and called him.
She took out some coins and handed one to him.
She took out the trash.
She took over her father's store.
She took over her sister's identity.
She took over the business after her husband died.
She took over the business after the death of her husband.
She took over the entire house.
She took over the farm.
She took over the role of her mother.
She took over the will of him.
She took overtime leave to recover from an illness and return to work refreshed.
She took pains in educating the children.
She took pains to educate her children.
She took pains to help the child overcome his grief.
She took part in an architecture competition.
She took part in our project.
She took part in that meeting.
She took part in the assembly.
She took part in the competition.
She took part in the contest.
She took photographs of a house.
She took photos.
She took pictures and sent them to Mom.
She took pictures in her Kabyle dress.
She took pictures of him.
She took pictures of the dolphins.
She took pictures of the egg.
She took pity on him, because she loved the way he looked at her.
She took pity on him.
She took poison.
She took revenge.
She took risks.
She took selfies in her Kabyle dress.
She took shahada in a mosque.
She took shortcuts.
She took some items and just left some money.
She took some jam.
She took some jelly.
She took some meat from the plate.
She took some painkillers to take the edge off the pain in her shin.
She took some things out of her bag.
She took something from her pocket and gave it to him.
She took something out of her bag.
She took something out of the bag.
She took that medicine.
She took that room as well.
She took that.
She took the bigger room.
She took the blame.
She took the blindfold off him.
She took the book back to the library.
She took the bottle from him and poured herself a drink.
She took the bottle from him and threw it out the window.
She took the cables from my PlayStation.
She took the case into court.
She took the case to court.
She took the children to school.
She took the corner too fast.
She took the day off.
She took the decision to leave the village.
She took the distaff and the wool she had just unraveled in order to begin spinning.
She took the drink away from him.
She took the entrance exam yesterday.
She took the gold medal.
She took the gun from him before he could kill himself.
She took the gun from him.
She took the hammer away from him.
She took the hammer from him.
She took the jewel to her manager.
She took the job only to gratify her husband.
She took the job.
She took the key out of her pocket.
She took the keys from him.
She took the kids to a shopping mall.
She took the kids to school.
She took the knife away from him.
She took the knife from him.
She took the largest apple for herself.
She took the meat from the plate.
She took the medicine away.
She took the microphone away from him.
She took the money.
She took the news calmly.
She took the offer.
She took the old woman's hand and led her to the church.
She took the old woman’s hand and led her to the church.
She took the opportunity.
She took the pen and wrote down the address.
She took the pen and wrote the address.
She took the pencil and started writing.
She took the phone from him.
She took the photo back in her hands.
She took the prettiest silver pitcher which was in the residence.
She took the punishment with a smile.
She took the responsibility to keep the money safe.
She took the ring off her finger.
She took the risk, knowing that she might lose a lot of money.
She took the room with the view.
She took the rope from him.
She took the scissors away from him.
She took the scissors from him.
She took the seat across from him.
She took the shawl off.
She took the tablecloths to the laundry.
She took the taxi to the museum.
She took the time to help him.
She took the towel and dried her hands.
She took the towels to the laundry.
She took the trouble to find a home for them.
She took the trouble to meet her friend at the airport.
She took the wires from my PlayStation.
She took the wrong bus.
She took them away from me.
She took them from you.
She took them out using pliers.
She took them.
She took these pictures herself.
She took these pictures, didn't she?
She took thousands of pictures during her trip, but they were all bad.
She took to drinking beer.
She took to her new teacher.
She took to him immediately.
She took two pieces of baggage with her.
She took two steps back.
She took two weeks' leave and visited China.
She took two weeks’ leave and visited China.
She took up his offer.
She took us all in with her smile.
She took very good care of him.
She took what he said as meaning agreement.
She took what she wanted.
She topped the bun with tomato and onion slices.
She tore a hole in her blouse.
She tore a hole in her dress.
She tore a page out of her notebook.
She tore a photograph.
She tore away the stickers from the window.
She tore her shirt.
She tore his letter to pieces.
She tore the letter into a thousand pieces.
She tore the letter into pieces.
She tore the letter into small pieces.
She tore the letter to pieces.
She tore the letter up after reading it.
She tore the paper in half.
She tore up her picture.
She tore up the letter she got from him.
She tore up the letter.
She tormented me.
She tortured a prisoner.
She tossed a ball to Tom.
She tossed and turned all night.
She tossed and turned in bed all night.
She tossed her bag onto the bed and collapsed next to it.
She tossed her dog some bread.
She tossed me grapes and I tried to catch them with my mouth.
She tossed off her little V. A. D. cap, and I admired the great loose waves of her auburn hair, and the smallness and whiteness of the hand she held out to claim her tea.
She tossed the ball to him.
She tossed the keys to him.
She tossed the wrappings aside and removed the lid.
She totaled her car.
She totally deserved it.
She totally drives me nuts.
She totally forgot.
She totally vanished.
She touched Nuja.
She touched a toad.
She touched her hair. It was wet.
She touched him on the shoulder.
She touched his arm and laughed.
She touched his arm lightly as she laughed.
She touched his arm lightly as she spoke.
She touched his hand and smiled.
She touched his hand gently.
She touched his hand.
She touched it.
She touched me lightly on the nape of the neck with the tips of her fingers and it made me shudder.
She touched me.
She touched my arm.
She touched my hand.
She touched my shoulder.
She touched on all the topical subjects.
She touched the bruise on his arm.
She touched the dome.
She touched the door again.
She touched the wall.
She towel-dried her hair.
She toyed with her empty glass.
She toyed with her food.
She tracks organizational performance.
She traded her camera for a guitar.
She trails a finger down his chest.
She trained consistently.
She trained for deep sea diving.
She trained hard so she achieved her goals faster than expected.
She trained hard to become an acrobat.
She trained very hard.
She trains dogs.
She transferred from the bus to the subway.
She transferred the picture in the book to her notebook.
She transformed since the accident.
She translated a poem.
She translated everything for me.
She translated her own sentence.
She translated her sentence.
She translated his sentence.
She translated it word for word.
She translated it.
She translated that word for word.
She translated the book from Japanese into English.
She translated the letter from Japanese into French.
She translated the speech from Chinese into German.
She translated the text literally.
She translated the verse into French and German.
She trapped Mina.
She trapped the ball with her chest.
She trashed the place.
She traveled all over Europe last month.
She traveled all over the world.
She traveled all the way from Algeria to testify.
She traveled around Japan.
She traveled around Kabylie.
She traveled around the world last year.
She traveled around the world with him.
She traveled around the world.
She traveled around.
She traveled by bus.
She traveled from Boston to San Francisco via Chicago.
She traveled round Japan.
She traveled to Algeria in 1991.
She traveled to Boston to see him.
She traveled to New York and then to Montreal.
She traveled to Paris.
She traveled to temizrit.
She travelled all over the world.
She travelled around Europe.
She travelled around Japan.
She travelled by bus.
She travelled incognito.
She travelled round the world last year.
She travelled the whole world.
She travelled through Japan.
She travelled under a pseudonym.
She travels a lot for work.
She travels all around the world.
She travels by bike.
She travels every month.
She travels from city to city.
She travels in time.
She travels the world giving speeches and attending fundraisers to increase awareness about this charismatic and highly endangered animal.
She travels.
She treated each of us to an ice cream.
She treated her broken leg.
She treated her kids equally.
She treated herself to a large dish of ice cream.
She treated him for a broken leg.
She treated him like a dog.
She treated him like a king.
She treated him unfairly.
She treated him very well.
She treated his broken leg.
She treated his wound.
She treated me badly.
She treated me to a cup of tea.
She treats her boss like her father.
She treats me as if I were a baby.
She treats me as if I were a stranger.
She treats me as if I'm inferior.
She trembled like a leaf.
She trembled with fear before him.
She trembled with fear.
She trembles for her.
She trembles for him.
She trembles with cold.
She tricked him into doing her work for her.
She tricked me.
She tricked you.
She tried a coat on.
She tried a new technique.
She tried a third time.
She tried again to fix the earring into her ear.
She tried again.
She tried as hard as she could to give only to the needy.
She tried doing that by herself.
She tried everything to make him laugh. Eventually, the corners of his mouth moved a little.
She tried for almost an hour.
She tried hard and she failed.
She tried hard in vain to make both ends meet on a small salary.
She tried hard to clear her mind of doubts.
She tried hard to express herself well.
She tried hard to imitate Mariah Carey but failed.
She tried hard to succeed in her exams.
She tried hard to suppress those tears that welled up in her eyes but they wouldn't stay back.
She tried hard, but she failed.
She tried her best not to be late.
She tried her best to get him to help her.
She tried her best to help him.
She tried her best to ignore him.
She tried her best to look busy.
She tried her best to look happy.
She tried her best to look serious.
She tried her best to move the table by herself, but he couldn't.
She tried her best to pull herself together.
She tried her best.
She tried her hardest to persuade him.
She tried her luck hitchhiking.
She tried her luck.
She tried in vain not to cry.
She tried in vain to conceal her fear.
She tried in vain to hide her anxiety.
She tried in vain to hide her pain.
She tried in vain to please him.
She tried it herself.
She tried it the way Mary said, but it didn't work.
She tried it with a friend.
She tried listening.
She tried many times to catch their eyes.
She tried not to appear too enthusiastic.
She tried not to cry.
She tried not to hurt him.
She tried not to look at him.
She tried not to look disappointed.
She tried not to make eye contact with him.
She tried not to shed a tear.
She tried not to shed tears.
She tried not to show her fear.
She tried not to stare.
She tried not to think about him.
She tried not to think about what she had just done.
She tried on a new dress.
She tried on the Kabyle dress and liked it.
She tried on the Kabyle dress.
She tried on the party dress.
She tried peeping through the keyhole.
She tried several times but failed.
She tried several times, but nothing happened.
She tried several times, but without success.
She tried so hard.
She tried staying calm.
She tried that.
She tried the Kabyle dress on.
She tried the Kabyle dress to see how it fit.
She tried the cake.
She tried the loquats.
She tried to acquire German citizenship.
She tried to allay their fears but only ended up heightening them.
She tried to argue with him.
She tried to arrest those thugs.
She tried to assist him.
She tried to avoid his gaze.
She tried to avoid looking at him.
She tried to bite me.
She tried to break her child of the habit of lying.
She tried to break into the house.
She tried to bring the flowers into focus.
She tried to calm her husband down. "Don't get worked up," she said. "We were young once as well."
She tried to carry out her plan to save money.
She tried to catch her breath.
She tried to catch him.
She tried to catch his attention with a book.
She tried to cheer him up.
She tried to choke him.
She tried to comfort her mother.
She tried to comfort him, but he kept crying.
She tried to commit suicide yesterday.
She tried to commit suicide.
She tried to communicate in Tamazight.
She tried to compose herself.
She tried to conceal her anger.
She tried to conceal her grief at the party.
She tried to conceal her passion for him.
She tried to conceal the fact.
She tried to console him.
She tried to contact him.
She tried to control her anger.
She tried to control her emotions.
She tried to control her fear.
She tried to control her temper.
She tried to convince me to stay with her in Kabylie, Algeria.
She tried to cook something for him.
She tried to corral her kids for a family photo.
She tried to cover up her mistake.
She tried to cut her own hair.
She tried to cut the meat with a dull knife.
She tried to deceive him.
She tried to defend herself.
She tried to defend him.
She tried to discombobulate me.
She tried to discredit him.
She tried to disguise her voice.
She tried to dissuade him from participating in the project.
She tried to dissuade him.
She tried to distract him.
She tried to do a backflip.
She tried to do it by herself.
She tried to do it, but she couldn't.
She tried to do that by herself, but she wasn't able to.
She tried to do that by herself.
She tried to do the job.
She tried to drown herself in her bathtub.
She tried to drown herself in the bathtub.
She tried to drown herself.
She tried to drown him.
She tried to elicit a response from him.
She tried to embrace him.
She tried to enjoy herself at the party.
She tried to escape the humdrum of life by starting to meet another man.
She tried to explain everything to him.
She tried to explain her idea to him.
She tried to explain that to him.
She tried to explain the situation to him.
She tried to explain what was happening to him.
She tried to express juice from the orange.
She tried to fasten her seatbelt.
She tried to feign indifference.
She tried to fight the policemen.
She tried to figure out the answer by herself.
She tried to find the right guy.
She tried to fix it herself.
She tried to fool him.
She tried to frame him.
She tried to get a tent at the shop, but she could not find the one she wanted.
She tried to get a tent, but she couldn't find the one she wanted.
She tried to get a tent, but she couldn’t find the one she wanted.
She tried to get away from him.
She tried to get him to do her homework for her.
She tried to get in contact with him.
She tried to get in touch with him.
She tried to get me to help her.
She tried to get some sleep.
She tried to get that room.
She tried to get up, but the pain was too great.
She tried to get up.
She tried to get whatever she wanted.
She tried to give up smoking several times, but without success.
She tried to go on a diet and lose five kilograms.
She tried to help the old lady.
She tried to hide behind her father.
She tried to hide her anger.
She tried to hide her annoyance.
She tried to hide her anxiety.
She tried to hide her concern.
She tried to hide her confusion.
She tried to hide her excitement.
She tried to hide her fear.
She tried to hide her feelings.
She tried to hide her mistake from us.
She tried to hide her nervousness.
She tried to hide her pain.
She tried to hide her shame.
She tried to hide her smile.
She tried to hide her surprise.
She tried to hide her tears.
She tried to hide what was really going on.
She tried to hit him.
She tried to hold back her tears.
She tried to hug him.
She tried to hurt him.
She tried to ignore him.
She tried to imitate him.
She tried to impress her boss.
She tried to impress her friends.
She tried to impress him.
She tried to influence my decision.
She tried to intimidate him.
She tried to investigate the truth about the rumor.
She tried to jump up a second time.
She tried to keep abreast of the latest fashions.
She tried to keep away from him.
She tried to keep her presence of mind.
She tried to keep it from him.
She tried to keep up with him.
She tried to keep up with his quick pace.
She tried to kick him.
She tried to kill herself last night.
She tried to kill herself last week.
She tried to kill herself many times.
She tried to kill herself yesterday.
She tried to kill herself.
She tried to kill him.
She tried to kill me.
She tried to kiss me.
She tried to learn Berber.
She tried to lessen her expenses.
She tried to lift the box by herself, but she wasn't strong enough.
She tried to lift the box, but found it impossible to do.
She tried to lift the box, but found it impossible.
She tried to look much younger than she actually was.
She tried to look much younger than she really was.
She tried to lower her expenses.
She tried to make both ends meet.
She tried to make friends with him.
She tried to make herself comfortable.
She tried to make him jealous.
She tried to make me laugh.
She tried to manipulate him.
She tried to move on after the tragedy.
She tried to murder him.
She tried to never think of him.
She tried to not display her feelings.
She tried to not look down.
She tried to obtain a ticket for the concert.
She tried to open the door, which she found impossible.
She tried to peep through the keyhole.
She tried to persuade her parents to let her go to Boston by herself.
She tried to persuade him not to decline the offer.
She tried to persuade him to attend the meeting.
She tried to persuade him to buy her a pearl necklace.
She tried to persuade him to go with her.
She tried to persuade him to organize a boycott.
She tried to pin the blame on me and get me fired from my job.
She tried to poison him.
She tried to prepare herself.
She tried to pretend it was no big deal.
She tried to prevent the rumor from spreading.
She tried to prevent the rumour from spreading.
She tried to protect her face.
She tried to protect her family.
She tried to protect her kids.
She tried to protect her son from the truth.
She tried to protect herself.
She tried to protect him.
She tried to pull a fast one on me.
She tried to pull herself together after hearing the bad news.
She tried to put energy into her voice.
She tried to put her arm around him.
She tried to put that awful day behind her.
She tried to put the young man out of her mind, but it was impossible.
She tried to raise that issue.
She tried to reach him.
She tried to reason with him.
She tried to recover her balance.
She tried to regain her balance.
She tried to relax, but she couldn't.
She tried to remember the last time she'd drunk wine with him.
She tried to reorganise her thoughts in order to find herself.
She tried to rescue him.
She tried to restrain him.
She tried to resuscitate him.
She tried to revive him.
She tried to rob him.
She tried to run as fast as she could.
She tried to save him.
She tried to say something to him.
She tried to scare him.
She tried to screen her son from reality.
She tried to seduce me.
She tried to sell her house.
She tried to sell her old couch.
She tried to settle the matter with him.
She tried to shoot him.
She tried to smile in vain.
She tried to sneak into the movie theater.
She tried to solve the problem.
She tried to speak boldly, but she was still deadly pale and could hardly get her words out for the trembling of her lips.
She tried to speak, but she couldn't.
She tried to spice up the conversation with gossip about the neighbors.
She tried to squeeze the juice from the orange.
She tried to squeeze the juice out of the orange.
She tried to stab him.
She tried to stab me in the back.
She tried to stand up.
She tried to stay away from him.
She tried to stay calm.
She tried to steal from her own child!
She tried to steal her twin sister's identity.
She tried to steal my boyfriend.
She tried to steal some fuel.
She tried to stifle a sneeze during the concert but she couldn't hold it back.
She tried to stifle a sneeze during the concert but she couldn’t hold it back.
She tried to stop him.
She tried to strangle him.
She tried to swim.
She tried to take down every word the teacher said.
She tried to talk him out it.
She tried to talk some sense into him.
She tried to talk, but she couldn't.
She tried to tame her flowing locks with a hairband.
She tried to tame her flowing locks with an Alice band.
She tried to tell him that she didn't like him.
She tried to tell him that she liked him.
She tried to tell him that she loved him.
She tried to tell the whole story.
She tried to the end to save face.
She tried to throw a punch at me, but I blocked it.
She tried to touch the golden crane.
She tried to trick him.
She tried to unfasten her seatbelt.
She tried to unravel the tangled wires.
She tried to use reverse psychology on him.
She tried to warn him.
She tried to warn me.
She tried to write a short story.
She tried, but she couldn't do that.
She tried.
She tries so hard, but she's just spinning her wheels.
She tries so hard, but she’s just spinning her wheels.
She tries to catch him.
She tries to control everything.
She tries to create a sense of unity.
She tries to fool anyone.
She tries to keep abreast of the latest fashions.
She tries to keep up with what is going on in the world.
She tries to make a good text for the audience.
She tries to read as many books as she can.
She tries to tell the truth.
She tries to understand a lot.
She tries to understand everything.
She tries.
She trimmed the ivy.
She tripped and sprained her ankle.
She tripped on the stone.
She tripped.
She triumphed against all odds.
She triumphed in the competition from the year before.
She troubled herself to take me to the house I was looking for.
She trounced me at chess.
She truly needed the money.
She trusted a co-worker.
She trusted her instincts.
She trusted him completely, without hesitation.
She trusted him with all her heart.
She trusted him with everything.
She trusted him with her deepest secrets.
She trusted him with her heart and soul.
She trusted him with her heart.
She trusted him with her life.
She trusted him without a second thought.
She trusted him without reservation.
She trusted him.
She trusted me and she would tell me anything.
She trusted me.
She trusted you.
She trusts Tom.
She trusts her doctors.
She trusts her family a great deal.
She trusts her instincts completely.
She trusts him with her life.
She trusts him with her money.
She trusts him.
She trusts his judgment.
She trusts me.
She trusts us.
She trusts you.
She tucked her hair behind her ear.
She tucked her son into bed.
She tucked the painting under her arm and ran off.
She tumbled into the recess.
She tuned her guitar.
She tuned her television set to Channel 6.
She tuned his guitar for him.
She turfed her drinking husband out of the house.
She turned 16 years old.
She turned 16.
She turned Linda down.
She turned a blind eye to that.
She turned a blind eye to the cheating.
She turned a page of her book.
She turned against her old friend.
She turned and began to cry.
She turned and ran after him.
She turned and stared at him.
She turned around and faced him.
She turned around and looked at him.
She turned around and quickly disappeared into the forest.
She turned around and saw someone was following her.
She turned around and scowled at me.
She turned around and smiled.
She turned around as if looking for something.
She turned around quickly.
She turned around suddenly.
She turned around to face him.
She turned around when she heard his voice.
She turned away and began to cry.
She turned away for fear he see her tears.
She turned away from him so he wouldn't see the tears in her eyes.
She turned away from me to hide a tear that had begun to fall down her cheek.
She turned away from me.
She turned away in anger.
She turned away in horror at the sight of blood.
She turned away in horror at the sight of so much blood.
She turned away so that he wouldn't see her tears.
She turned away to hide her blushes.
She turned away without saying a word and left the room.
She turned away.
She turned bright red when I kissed her.
She turned bright red.
She turned down all of her suitors.
She turned down every proposal.
She turned down his advances.
She turned down his invitation.
She turned down his proposal.
She turned down his request.
She turned down my offer.
She turned down my proposal.
She turned down my request.
She turned down our offer of help.
She turned down our proposal.
She turned down the financial help I offered.
She turned down the radio.
She turned down the subsidy that I offered.
She turned eighty-one.
She turned her back on Tom.
She turned her back on him.
She turned her back on me.
She turned her back to me.
She turned her blinker on.
She turned her bowl upside down.
She turned her eyes away.
She turned her face away so he wouldn't see her tears.
She turned her face away so he wouldn’t see her tears.
She turned her flashlight on.
She turned her head away lest he see her tears.
She turned her head away, lest he should see her tears.
She turned her head rapidly to the source of the loud noise.
She turned her head to hide her tears.
She turned her head.
She turned her nose up.
She turned her old dress into a skirt.
She turned herself in to the police.
She turned herself in.
She turned him down.
She turned in her resignation.
She turned into a wolf.
She turned into plastic.
She turned me down for a second time.
She turned off all the lights at ten.
She turned off all the lights.
She turned off her bedside lamp.
She turned off her computer.
She turned off her desk lamp.
She turned off her headlights.
She turned off her phone.
She turned off the TV before bed.
She turned off the computer.
She turned off the lamp and immediately tripped over the toy that had been left in the middle of the floor by her niece.
She turned off the light.
She turned off the lights and went to bed.
She turned off the lights so she could enjoy the moonlight.
She turned off the lights.
She turned off the radio.
She turned on Linda.
She turned on her blinker.
She turned on her charm for everyone who was there.
She turned on her computer.
She turned on her flashlight.
She turned on her headlights.
She turned on her lover.
She turned on the TV.
She turned on the light.
She turned on the lights.
She turned on the nightlight.
She turned out the light so as not to waste electricity.
She turned out to be his sister.
She turned out to be smaller than I'd thought she was.
She turned over a new leaf when she met him.
She turned over the page with excitement.
She turned pale at the news.
She turned pale at the sight.
She turned pale when she heard that news.
She turned pale with fear.
She turned pale.
She turned red when I kissed her.
She turned red.
She turned round and scowled at me.
She turned round and walked into the flat.
She turned round and went into the flat.
She turned seventeen in February.
She turned suddenly to look at him.
She turned the computer off.
She turned the doorknob slowly.
She turned the handle to open the door.
She turned the store around.
She turned them into beasts.
She turned to her writing of poetry, as a kind of consolation.
She turned to him and asked him a question.
She turned to lean her back against the counter.
She turned to look at Mom.
She turned to me, smiling.
She turned to me, speaking at the top of her voice, with the obvious intention of making her words audible to whomsoever the house might contain.
She turned to the left at the corner.
She turned up her nose at him.
She turned up her nose at our offer.
She turned up just as we were starting our meal.
She turned white as a sheet.
She turned white.
She turned yellow with envy.
She turns a deaf ear to her father.
She turns her back on me.
She turns her husband's life into hell.
She turns him round her little finger anyways!
She tutored Silya.
She tweeted something in Berber.
She tweezed her eyebrows.
She twice tried to commit suicide.
She twirled around on the bed, giggling.
She twirled elegantly across the dance floor.
She twirled her hair.
She twirled in her dress.
She twisted a strand of hair around her finger.
She twisted evidence.
She twisted her ankle while hiking.
She twisted her ankle while she was doing exercise.
She twists around at a voice behind.
She typed comments.
She types well.
She typically entered the house early.
She unbraided her hair.
She unbuckled her belt.
She unbuckled her seatbelt.
She unbuckled his belt.
She unburdened her heart to her friends.
She unburdened herself of her terrible secret.
She unbuttoned her jacket.
She unbuttoned her shirt.
She unclenched her fist.
She uncorked a bottle of wine and poured herself a glass.
She uncorked a bottle.
She uncovers the little plastic tortilla holder so gracefully. It's little things like that that are so cute about people.
She uncovers the little plastic tortilla holder so gracefully. It’s little things like that that are so cute about people.
She uncrossed her legs.
She underestimated her opponent.
She underestimated him.
She underestimates Mina.
She understands English and even writes in English.
She understands French, doesn't she?
She understands French.
She understands Kannada.
She understands Russian as well as she does her native language.
She understands Yiddish.
She understands and responds well in discussions.
She understands her path.
She understands him.
She understands his world.
She understands how you feel.
She understands justice.
She understands music.
She understands my thoughts and feelings without words.
She understands that.
She understands the core of the problem well.
She understands the risks.
She understands things quickly.
She understands you now.
She understands.
She understood I might struggle with learning.
She understood a sentence.
She understood all the subjects.
She understood early.
She understood everything.
She understood him.
She understood me.
She understood that he was wrong.
She understood that she was wrong.
She understood what Skura meant.
She understood.
She undertook the responsibility for the project.
She underwent pancreatic surgery.
She undressed Tom.
She undressed me with her eyes.
She undressed to take a bath.
She undressed.
She unearthed a box.
She unfairely received a fine.
She unfolded a blanket.
She unfolded her napkin.
She unfolded the blanket and wrapped it around herself.
She unleashed her dog.
She unleashed her dogs.
She unlocked her car and got in.
She unlocked her car.
She unlocked her office door.
She unlocked her suitcase.
She unlocked the car door by means of a hairpin.
She unlocked the door for him.
She unlocked the front gate.
She unpacked her suitcase.
She unpacked the doll.
She unplugged her guitar.
She unrolled her sleeping bag.
She unrolled her yoga mat.
She unrolled one of the posters she was carrying and, pushing a drawing pin through each corner, fastened it to the noticeboard.
She unscrewed the cap and handed the jar to him.
She untied her ponytail.
She unwrapped her sandwich.
She unwrapped the foil from her burrito.
She unwraps her birthday gift.
She unzipped her backpack.
She unzipped her coat.
She unzipped her jacket.
She unzipped her knapsack.
She unzipped her pants.
She unzips her backpack.
She updated me on my father's condition.
She uploaded a video.
She uploaded the videos to TikTok.
She uploaded videos of Tom Hanks.
She urged her horse into a gallop.
She urged him to consider the request.
She urged him to do the job.
She urged him to drive carefully.
She urged him to study harder.
She urged me to go with him.
She used Rima for attention.
She used Skype frequently because she was overseas.
She used a compass.
She used a damp rag to wipe off the dust.
She used a fake I.D.
She used a fake identification card to get into the bar.
She used a towel to dry her hair.
She used a zoom lens.
She used all her skills making this dish.
She used all of her strength to hit the ball.
She used apples to do the jam.
She used cannabis drops to help her sleep, but she could not tolerate smoking it.
She used chickpeas in a stir-fry.
She used her compensatory time off to attend a series of workshops and seminars.
She used her compensatory time off to take a long weekend trip with her family.
She used her feminine wiles to seduce him.
She used her hand to screen the sunlight from her eyes.
She used her head.
She used her husband's credit card.
She used her imagination.
She used her key.
She used her overtime leave to take a much-needed vacation.
She used her phone as a mirror.
She used her satellite phone to call him.
She used her telepathy to send out a distress signal to everyone in the valley, telling them to defend themselves if necessary.
She used his phone.
She used leftover hot dogs to feed the homeless.
She used margarine instead of butter.
She used me and my brothers.
She used me.
She used old towels to dry the dog.
She used pigeons in her experiments.
She used reverse psychology on him.
She used silk thread in sewing her dress.
She used the apples to make the jam.
She used the car to go to the office.
She used the ladle to serve soup.
She used the large pieces of wood to block the door.
She used the manual override.
She used the money she stole from him to buy herself a new bicycle.
She used the phone.
She used to address me as Tom.
She used to always stay up late.
She used to be a beautiful woman.
She used to be a part time chef, then she became full time.
She used to be a teacher.
She used to be a very shy girl.
She used to be a very spiritual person in the past.
She used to be best friends with him.
She used to be called the Belle of Asakusa.
She used to be diligent.
She used to be engaged to him.
She used to be flat-chested - just when did she get so large?
She used to be homeless.
She used to be in the military.
She used to be married to him.
She used to be my girlfriend.
She used to be on the basketball team.
She used to be rather shy but since she went to University she has really blossomed.
She used to be really into Minecraft.
She used to be so full of joy.
She used to buy white mice for her boa constrictor to kill and eat.
She used to date an actor.
She used to date him.
She used to despise him.
She used to do that, didn't she?
She used to dress luxuriously.
She used to drink a lot before she met him.
She used to drink beer.
She used to eat chocolate and sweets.
She used to enjoy being with him.
She used to get advice from him.
She used to get up early.
She used to give herself airs.
She used to go for a walk before dinner.
She used to go for a walk before her evening meal.
She used to go for a walk before tea.
She used to go mountain climbing with him.
She used to go out with him.
She used to go to Kabylie to enjoy her holidays.
She used to go to school with him.
She used to go to the mosque.
She used to go to the movies on Sundays.
She used to go to the museum on Sundays.
She used to hate him.
She used to hate him. Now she loves him.
She used to help him with his homework.
She used to keep a diary, but doesn't anymore.
She used to keep a diary, but she no longer does.
She used to laugh at him.
She used to like hanging out with him.
She used to live hand to mouth.
She used to live here.
She used to live in Tel Aviv.
She used to live in luxury.
She used to live near him.
She used to live with him.
She used to love her job.
She used to love him.
She used to love him. Now she can't stand him.
She used to love that.
She used to model when she was young.
She used to phone me a lot, but lately it's as if she's forgotten me.
She used to phone me often, but lately it's as if she's forgotten me.
She used to play basketball.
She used to play football for her secondary school football team.
She used to play poker with us.
She used to play tennis every Sunday.
She used to play tennis on Saturday afternoon.
She used to play tennis on Sunday.
She used to play tennis with him.
She used to pray before going to bed.
She used to ring me a lot, but lately it's as though she's forgotten me.
She used to ring me often, but lately it's as if she's forgotten me.
She used to run a restaurant.
She used to sell apples at the market.
She used to send me to school.
She used to sing sometimes.
She used to sing the national anthem.
She used to sit by the river every day, talking to ducks.
She used to sit here looking at the young prince, who thought he was quite alone in the clear moonlight.
She used to sit on the balcony eating peanuts.
She used to spend a lot of time with him.
She used to suffer occasional intense migraines, but now, thankfully, they're much more mild.
She used to train a lot for the competition.
She used to visit me regularly.
She used to walk every day.
She used to wash her hair before going to school.
She used to wear luxurious clothing.
She used to win a lot, didn't she?
She used to work at the post office.
She used to work for him.
She used to work for our company.
She used up a bar of soap.
She used up a cake of soap.
She used up all her money.
She used up all her water.
She uses ASMR videos to help herself fall asleep.
She uses Berber as her third language.
She uses Berber.
She uses Botox.
She uses Snapchat.
She uses a ladder to get books from the top of the bookcase.
She uses a special shampoo for curly hair.
She uses cheap makeup.
She uses different aspects of Scottish dialects.
She uses her beauty to her advantage.
She uses her looks.
She uses her talent as an artist to describe places.
She uses olive oil for cooking.
She uses password protection on the hard drive.
She uses public transport to get to school.
She uses rude words.
She uses sex as a reward.
She usually comes here on Tuesdays.
She usually comes to work at 8am.
She usually cries when she's scared.
She usually cycles to school.
She usually does that by herself.
She usually does that for him.
She usually doesn't do that by herself.
She usually eats her lunch alone.
She usually eats in the refectory.
She usually eats in the university canteen.
She usually gets up early.
She usually gets up five minutes after waking.
She usually gets what she asks for.
She usually gets what she wants.
She usually goes fishing by herself.
She usually goes rowing by herself.
She usually goes to bed at nine.
She usually goes to school by bicycle.
She usually goes to see horror movies.
She usually has a sunny disposition.
She usually has lunch in the refectory.
She usually has to give in to her big sister.
She usually helps her sister to do her homework.
She usually keeps her promises.
She usually keeps things to herself.
She usually keeps to herself.
She usually pays for everything in cash.
She usually reads the children a story at bedtime.
She usually seems to agree with him.
She usually sits over there.
She usually sleeps for eight hours.
She usually sleeps on her back.
She usually speaks French to him.
She usually speaks French with him.
She usually takes a shower before breakfast.
She usually talks about her late husband.
She usually translates all her sentences into Elefen.
She usually travels abroad.
She usually uses nail scissors.
She usually walks to school with him.
She usually walks to school.
She usually watches the weather report in the morning before leaving home.
She usually wears a lot of expensive jewelry in important parties.
She usually wears jeans.
She usually wears oversized clothes in shades of gray.
She usually wears short hair.
She usually went to the gym on Thursday.
She uttered a scream of terror.
She vacated the apartment a month ago and left no forwarding address.
She vacuumed her bedroom.
She vacuumed her car.
She vacuumed the carpet.
She vaguely remembers meeting him.
She valued his faithfulness.
She valued his unwavering faithfulness.
She valued his unwavering support.
She valued the strength of their connection.
She valued their bond of mutual trust.
She values Mina.
She values creative problem-solving.
She values economic cooperation.
She values experience over theory.
She values health above wealth.
She values her family greatly.
She values her mentors deeply.
She values honesty in every experience.
She values justice above all.
She values self-dependence over asking for help.
She values the journey over the destination.
She values the partnership.
She vandalized Nuja’s restaurant.
She vanished into thin air.
She vanished.
She very frequently does that by herself.
She very quickly learned to type.
She very rarely does that by herself.
She very seldom does that by herself.
She visited Boston.
She visited Kanazawa two years ago.
She visited Mom every night.
She visited Mom's grave.
She visited New York before going to Montreal.
She visited a temple.
She visited at her aunt's yesterday.
She visited at her aunt’s yesterday.
She visited her aunt and uncle.
She visited her aunt yesterday.
She visited her husband in prison.
She visited him at his home in Boston.
She visited him in Boston.
She visited him on October 20th.
She visited him once a year.
She visited him.
She visited me regularly.
She visited me, not on Sunday, but on Monday.
She visited melbourne.
She visited not only Kyoto but also Nara.
She visited the house several times.
She visited the museum with him.
She visited the old man in hospital every day apart from Sundays.
She visited the old man in hospital every day except Sunday.
She visited the old man in the hospital every day but Sunday.
She visited the place.
She visited the school, despite a pain in her right arm.
She visited the teacher.
She visited the zoo with him.
She visited you.
She visits Mina.
She visits Mom's grave every morning.
She visits him often, but never stays long.
She visits him quite often, but never stays very long.
She visits him twice a year.
She visits me from time to time.
She visits me occasionally.
She visits the dentist on a regular basis, so she seldom gets toothaches.
She visits us every other day.
She volleyed the ball over the net.
She volunteered at the local shelter and made new friends.
She volunteered for an entire year for the European Voluntary Service.
She volunteered to do the job.
She volunteered to go to the meeting with him.
She volunteered to help around the hospital.
She volunteered to help him.
She volunteered to help.
She volunteered.
She volunteers.
She vomited after eating spoiled food.
She vomited on the bus.
She vomited.
She voted for Mr Nishioka irrespective of party lines.
She voted for her party yesterday.
She voted for herself.
She voted for him.
She voted.
She vouched for him.
She vowed not to think about it until the next appointment.
She vowed she'd never do it.
She vowed she'd never do that.
She vowed to rescue him.
She waffled a lot before deciding to take the job.
She waited a good hour for him.
She waited a long time for him.
She waited a while before she began.
She waited an hour for one of my friends.
She waited and waited, but he never came back.
She waited and waited, but he never returned.
She waited anxiously in the dark.
She waited eagerly for her husband's return.
She waited eagerly for her husband’s return.
She waited for 10 minutes.
She waited for a taxi for two hours but couldn't get one.
She waited for a taxi for two hours but couldn’t get one.
She waited for a taxi.
She waited for an ambulance.
She waited for her at the airport.
She waited for her boyfriend at the station.
She waited for her lover at the station.
She waited for her lover at the train station, but in vain.
She waited for him at the railway station.
She waited for him for hours.
She waited for him for two hours.
She waited for him to call.
She waited for him to come home to her.
She waited for him to come home.
She waited for him with patience.
She waited for him.
She waited for hours and hours.
She waited for hours.
She waited for me in the doorway.
She waited for me until I arrived.
She waited for my reply.
She waited for the bus.
She waited for the impact.
She waited for you for two hours.
She waited for you.
She waited impatiently for the phone to ring.
She waited in line with him.
She waited in the car.
She waited long.
She waited longingly for the return of her husband.
She waited many hours.
She waited nervously for his anger to subside.
She waited on her husband all day long.
She waited on her sick father hand and foot.
She waited on the front porch for him.
She waited outside.
She waited patiently for him.
She waited patiently for the answer.
She waited to hear from him.
She waited unsuccessfully for any signs of life in her friend.
She waited until the water boiled before making the tea with it.
She waited up for Skura.
She waited up for him.
She waited with him.
She waited without saying a word until I, likewise silent, set down a steaming hot cup of tea in front of her.
She waited.
She waits tables for a living.
She waived her rights.
She wakes him up every day at 6.30.
She wakes him up every day at 6:30.
She wakes up around 7 o'clock.
She wakes up at seven o'clock.
She wakes up at six every morning.
She wakes up at the same time as him.
She wakes up early in the morning.
She walked about in search of the dress.
She walked about restlessly.
She walked alone in the desert park, enjoying the silence of the sleeping world.
She walked along the beach, listening to the waves.
She walked and chatted.
She walked and talked.
She walked arm in arm with her father.
She walked around looking for him.
She walked around searching for the dress.
She walked around the store.
She walked around.
She walked as far as Shinjuku.
She walked as far as she could.
She walked as fast as she could in order to catch up with him.
She walked as fast as she could to catch up with him.
She walked as though carrying the sun.
She walked at a quick pace.
She walked away from her car.
She walked away from him.
She walked away without acknowledging me.
She walked away without saying good bye.
She walked away.
She walked back into her apartment.
She walked back into her office.
She walked back to her car.
She walked back to her dorm by herself.
She walked back to her dormitory by herself.
She walked back to her hotel.
She walked back to his dorm by herself.
She walked back to the hotel.
She walked back to the house.
She walked barefoot over the hot embers.
She walked briskly.
She walked by without noticing me.
She walked by, but she didn't see me.
She walked carefully so as not to stumble over a rock.
She walked confidently in her stilettos
She walked down the aisle in style, wearing her gorgeous mermaid-cut tulle wedding gown.
She walked down the hall by herself.
She walked down the hall with him.
She walked down the street with a smile.
She walked down to the early-morning market for a cup of tea, a slice of toast and a chat.
She walked fast so as to catch up with the others.
She walked fast to catch up with the others.
She walked her dog every day.
She walked her dog in the park.
She walked her dog.
She walked her dogs every morning.
She walked her three dogs every day.
She walked home after the ceremony.
She walked home with him.
She walked home.
She walked in and looked around for him.
She walked in high heels on the cobblestones.
She walked in the woods.
She walked in.
She walked into her apartment.
She walked into her bedroom.
She walked into her house.
She walked into her room.
She walked into the house.
She walked into the kitchen to get herself some coffee.
She walked into the mosque.
She walked into the pharmacy.
She walked into the police station.
She walked into the restaurant.
She walked into the room.
She walked inton the resort.
She walked intot he kitchen for breakfast.
She walked me to the door and opened it quietly so as not to make any noise.
She walked on and on in the rain.
She walked on her hands along the top of the wall.
She walked out into her backyard.
She walked out of the hospital through the back door.
She walked out of the room.
She walked out on her boyfriend after three years of abuse.
She walked out on him.
She walked out with her head down and tears streaming down her cheeks.
She walked out.
She walked outside.
She walked over to him and hugged him.
She walked over to him and kissed him.
She walked part of the way home with him.
She walked past clicking her high heels.
She walked past him without even noticing him.
She walked past him.
She walked past me.
She walked quickly in order to catch up with him.
She walked quickly in order to keep up with him.
She walked restlessly to and fro.
She walked right past him.
She walked side by side with me.
She walked slowly away from me.
She walked slowly for fear she should slip.
She walked slowly so she wouldn't slip.
She walked slowly so she wouldn’t slip.
She walked slowly through the park to show off her new hairstyle.
She walked slowly, enjoying the sweetness of wood and field and the starry summer twilight.
She walked slowly, so that she wouldn't slip.
She walked slowly.
She walked the dog every day.
She walked through the park in the morning.
She walked to her office.
She walked toward her car.
She walked toward her office.
She walked toward him.
She walked towards her car.
She walked towards her house.
She walked towards him.
She walked towards me.
She walked towards the school.
She walked towards the teacher's desk.
She walked towards to me.
She walked towards us with a smile on her face.
She walked twenty miles a day.
She walked twenty miles daily.
She walked up to him and asked him what his name was.
She walked up to him and kissed him on the cheek, then she retreated almost afraid of her outburst.
She walked very carefully.
She walked very cautiously.
She walked very gracefully, yet her steps were surprisingly clumsy.
She walked with her head down like an old woman.
She walked with him.
She walked with somebody.
She walked with someone.
She walked, talked and laughed like Jim Carey.
She walked.
She walketh veiled and sleeping, for she knoweth not her power; she obeyeth but the pleading of her heart, and the high leading of her soul, unto this hour.
She walks a noble path.
She walks at a run.
She walks at a slow pace.
She walks for more than an hour every day of the week.
She walks her dog three times a day.
She walks her dog to the park before breakfast.
She walks her dog twice a day.
She walks in silent strength.
She walks into the school gym destroyed by explosions and fire.
She walks like a partridge.
She walks like her father.
She walks on the beach with her daughter.
She walks silently.
She walks slowly.
She walks to school.
She walks to work.
She walks very fast.
She walks with gentle resolve.
She walks with purpose, unhurried by time.
She walks with quiet grace.
She walks with the grace of a flowing river.
She walks with the grace of the stars.
She walks with the strength of the mountains.
She walks without knowing where her steps will take her.
She walks.
She wandered about the country.
She wandered about the garden trying to find him, calling out his name, but received no reply.
She wandered alone.
She wandered around.
She wandered from town to town.
She wandered like a banshee through the castle's alleys. She was no longer the king's favorite, she had been deposed.
She wanders without knowing where she's going.
She wanders.
She want to be late for school.
She wanted Taninna to do that yesterday.
She wanted Taninna to leave.
She wanted a Kabyle dress for her birthday.
She wanted a Kabyle dress.
She wanted a better job than cleaning office floors.
She wanted a bicycle.
She wanted a bigger discount.
She wanted a bike.
She wanted a child for a long time.
She wanted a doll for Christmas in the worst way.
She wanted a new Kabyle dress.
She wanted a nude portrait.
She wanted a piece of cake, but there was none left.
She wanted a room with a lake view.
She wanted a watch for her birthday.
She wanted a word with him.
She wanted advice from him.
She wanted an economy car.
She wanted another Kabyle dress for her sister.
She wanted another Kabyle dress.
She wanted another chance.
She wanted desperately to get her vengeance.
She wanted everything she wished for to disappear.
She wanted everything to go as planned.
She wanted for nothing as long as her husband lived.
She wanted her Kabyle dress back.
She wanted her children back.
She wanted her children to stay with him.
She wanted her family to meet him.
She wanted her freedom.
She wanted her land back.
She wanted her money back.
She wanted her own room.
She wanted him to change.
She wanted him to clean his room.
She wanted him to do that by himself.
She wanted him to help her father.
She wanted him to invite her to his party.
She wanted him to kiss her and yet, she was afraid of what might happen.
She wanted him to know that she didn't hate him.
She wanted him to live with her in Arkhangelsk.
She wanted him to quit his job.
She wanted him to say that he loved her.
She wanted him to say that he would pay the bill.
She wanted him to sing her a song.
She wanted him to stay longer.
She wanted him to take care of her parents.
She wanted him to tell her his opinion.
She wanted him to tell her that he loved her.
She wanted isolation.
She wanted it to be a surprise.
She wanted it to happen.
She wanted it.
She wanted me out of her life.
She wanted me to buy her a pony.
She wanted me to come get her.
She wanted me to come.
She wanted me to do her a favor.
She wanted me to do that for her.
She wanted me to do that for him.
She wanted me to do that with her.
She wanted me to do that with him.
She wanted me to do that, didn't she?
She wanted me to go to Boston with her.
She wanted me to go to Boston with him.
She wanted me to help her today.
She wanted me to help her with her homework.
She wanted me to help her.
She wanted me to help him.
She wanted me to hold that for her.
She wanted me to keep it quiet until she talked to him.
She wanted me to lie.
She wanted me to read her a story.
She wanted me to teach her French.
She wanted me to tell you she's busy.
She wanted me to visit her.
She wanted me to wait for her.
She wanted me to wait for him.
She wanted me to walk home with her.
She wanted more and more.
She wanted more in her life than just raising her children.
She wanted much more attention and affection from him.
She wanted my permission to use the phone.
She wanted my permission to use the telephone.
She wanted nothing to do with him.
She wanted people to like her.
She wanted pizza for breakfast.
She wanted proof.
She wanted revenge.
She wanted some alone time.
She wanted some company.
She wanted some money.
She wanted that.
She wanted the best.
She wanted the sword.
She wanted this.
She wanted those.
She wanted to adopt you.
She wanted to apologize to him.
She wanted to ask a question, so she raised her hand.
She wanted to attend that course, but it was full.
She wanted to avenge the death of her husband.
She wanted to avoid him.
She wanted to be a singer.
She wanted to be a teacher.
She wanted to be a veterinarian.
She wanted to be alone.
She wanted to be an architect.
She wanted to be an engineer.
She wanted to be buried in Kabylie, Algeria.
She wanted to be buried in her Kabyle dress.
She wanted to be buried in her best Kabyle dress.
She wanted to be buried next to him.
She wanted to be famous.
She wanted to be friends with him.
She wanted to be independent and free.
She wanted to be just like her mother.
She wanted to be left alone.
She wanted to be like him.
She wanted to be more like him.
She wanted to be with him.
She wanted to become a lawyer.
She wanted to become a singer.
She wanted to become a teacher.
She wanted to believe him.
She wanted to break up with him.
She wanted to buy a present for him.
She wanted to buy it for me.
She wanted to buy that book and give it to him.
She wanted to buy the book.
She wanted to call her lawyer.
She wanted to call him.
She wanted to catch her cheating husband in the act.
She wanted to celebrate her birthday with him.
She wanted to change her life.
She wanted to change things.
She wanted to come.
She wanted to comfort him.
She wanted to confront him.
She wanted to cook an Algerian meal.
She wanted to cook something for him.
She wanted to cry, but she didn't.
She wanted to dance with him.
She wanted to date the teacher.
She wanted to decorate the new home.
She wanted to die because she couldn't satisfy her parents.
She wanted to die because she couldn’t satisfy her parents.
She wanted to dive deeper.
She wanted to dive into the unknown.
She wanted to do everything herself.
She wanted to do her job properly.
She wanted to do something nice for him.
She wanted to do something really nice for him.
She wanted to do that by herself.
She wanted to do that for him.
She wanted to do that with him.
She wanted to do that without him.
She wanted to dye her hair.
She wanted to eat lunch with him.
She wanted to enter the carriage.
She wanted to explain everything to him.
She wanted to fight for justice.
She wanted to find a creative way to tell him that she loved him.
She wanted to find her son.
She wanted to flatter me.
She wanted to follow the footprints.
She wanted to forget him.
She wanted to get a divorce.
She wanted to get away from everyday life.
She wanted to get divorced.
She wanted to get her children back.
She wanted to get her hair cut, but her mother did not allow her.
She wanted to get her money's worth.
She wanted to get his attention.
She wanted to get in touch with him.
She wanted to get married immediately.
She wanted to get married right away.
She wanted to get married to him.
She wanted to get pregnant.
She wanted to get selfies with Tom Hanks.
She wanted to give me her Kabyle dress.
She wanted to give you this.
She wanted to go canoeing by herself.
She wanted to go into the carriage.
She wanted to go live with her dad.
She wanted to go out anyway.
She wanted to go out with him.
She wanted to go out.
She wanted to go over a few things with him.
She wanted to go shopping with him.
She wanted to go to Boston with him.
She wanted to go to the beach with him.
She wanted to go to university.
She wanted to go with him.
She wanted to go, and her father let her go.
She wanted to go, but she couldn't.
She wanted to go, but she didn't.
She wanted to go.
She wanted to hang out with him.
She wanted to have a family with him.
She wanted to have a lovely wedding.
She wanted to have a normal relationship with him.
She wanted to have fun.
She wanted to have her father's love to herself.
She wanted to have her father’s love to herself.
She wanted to have her hair cut, but her mother wouldn't let her.
She wanted to have her hair cut, but her mother wouldn’t let her.
She wanted to have paid a visit to India.
She wanted to hear it from his own lips.
She wanted to help her friends.
She wanted to help him.
She wanted to help his friends.
She wanted to help them.
She wanted to help.
She wanted to hit him, but she controlled herself.
She wanted to hug him.
She wanted to hug the tree.
She wanted to hurry home.
She wanted to impress her friends, but she just made a fool of herself.
She wanted to impress her friends.
She wanted to impress him.
She wanted to join the air force.
She wanted to keep her scarf on.
She wanted to keep him all to herself.
She wanted to keep him in Arkhangelsk at all costs.
She wanted to keep that hidden.
She wanted to keep their relationship hidden.
She wanted to kill herself.
She wanted to kill me when she found out she was pregnant with me.
She wanted to kiss him.
She wanted to know everything about him.
She wanted to know everything about me.
She wanted to know everything about you.
She wanted to know if the photographer could remove the hat from the picture.
She wanted to know if what I discovered was true!
She wanted to know more about him.
She wanted to know what had really happened.
She wanted to know what happened to him.
She wanted to know what happened.
She wanted to know where the voice was coming from.
She wanted to learn Berber.
She wanted to learn how to defend herself.
She wanted to learn the cha-cha.
She wanted to leave him.
She wanted to leave.
She wanted to live a more relaxing life.
She wanted to live on her own.
She wanted to live the American dream.
She wanted to lose weight and she thought smoking would help her.
She wanted to make sure that nothing bad happened to him.
She wanted to marry an Algerian citizen.
She wanted to marry an all-American man.
She wanted to marry him.
She wanted to meet him.
She wanted to meet me.
She wanted to meet with him.
She wanted to meet you.
She wanted to pay off her debts.
She wanted to pay off her loan.
She wanted to pay off the debt.
She wanted to play footsie with him.
She wanted to play golf with him.
She wanted to play tennis with him.
She wanted to play.
She wanted to please the crowd.
She wanted to poison him.
She wanted to polish her shoes.
She wanted to postpone the wedding.
She wanted to protect her family.
She wanted to protect herself.
She wanted to protect him.
She wanted to prove to herself she could do it.
She wanted to prove to herself that she could do it.
She wanted to read the Quran.
She wanted to rebuild her life in Kabylie, Algeria.
She wanted to renounce her U.S. citizenship.
She wanted to replace her old vase with a new one.
She wanted to retire.
She wanted to return home, but she got lost.
She wanted to run for class president.
She wanted to say goodbye to him.
She wanted to say more than she did.
She wanted to say something to him, but didn't know what to say.
She wanted to say something to him.
She wanted to say something.
She wanted to scare him.
She wanted to see her children.
She wanted to see him.
She wanted to see what happened in the hospital.
She wanted to sell her Kabyle dress.
She wanted to sell her car.
She wanted to send me email, but I asked her to call me.
She wanted to settle down with him in Arkhangelsk.
She wanted to show off her cleverness during class, but she failed.
She wanted to sit next to him.
She wanted to slap him.
She wanted to spare him embarrassment.
She wanted to speak to him.
She wanted to speak with him.
She wanted to speak with you.
She wanted to spend New Year's Eve with him.
She wanted to spend more time talking with him.
She wanted to spend more time with him.
She wanted to spend some time alone with him.
She wanted to spend the rest of her life with him.
She wanted to spend time with him.
She wanted to start a family with him.
She wanted to start a new life in Algeria.
She wanted to stay home by herself.
She wanted to stay home with him.
She wanted to stay with her mother.
She wanted to stay with him.
She wanted to stop him.
She wanted to study French with him.
She wanted to study with him.
She wanted to surprise him.
She wanted to take care of him.
She wanted to take her own life.
She wanted to talk to her children.
She wanted to talk to her lawyer.
She wanted to talk to him about something.
She wanted to talk to him, but she couldn't find him.
She wanted to talk with him.
She wanted to tease Tom.
She wanted to test her husband, but she couldn't have made a worse move.
She wanted to test her limits.
She wanted to testify against him.
She wanted to travel.
She wanted to try the spell anyways.
She wanted to turn herself in to the police.
She wanted to turn herself in.
She wanted to understand.
She wanted to wash her hands.
She wanted to wash the dirty clothes.
She wanted to wear her new shoes.
She wanted to wear hijab.
She wanted to wear the hijab.
She wanted to win, but she couldn't.
She wanted to win, but she didn't.
She wanted to work for him.
She wanted us to attack.
She wanted us to know the different between watercolor and oil painting, the smell of paint and just all the little details.
She wanted vengeance because she was not invited.
She wanted you to think she'd died.
She wanted your cooperation.
She wants a Kabyle dress for Yennayer.
She wants a Kabyle dress for her birthday.
She wants a Kabyle dress for her daughter.
She wants a Kabyle dress that's a little bit more contemporary.
She wants a Kabyle dress.
She wants a bigger home.
She wants a bigger kitchen.
She wants a car.
She wants a career in film.
She wants a divorce.
She wants a dog.
She wants a drink.
She wants a fourth generation iPad.
She wants a large house and a big car.
She wants a lawyer.
She wants a new dog.
She wants a new dress badly.
She wants a new hat.
She wants a purple coat.
She wants a serious relationship.
She wants a sip of champagne.
She wants a watch for her birthday.
She wants a watch like yours.
She wants an iPad 4.
She wants an iPad mini.
She wants answers.
She wants but doesn't need it.
She wants but doesn’t need it.
She wants children, but he doesn't.
She wants children.
She wants everything yesterday.
She wants her husband.
She wants her money back.
She wants her money today.
She wants her mother's approval.
She wants her umbrella back.
She wants him to be happy.
She wants him to be her friend.
She wants him to be just a friend.
She wants him to know she likes him a lot.
She wants him to know that she likes him.
She wants him to know that she loves him.
She wants him to use his imagination.
She wants him.
She wants his approval.
She wants independence for her soul and her thoughts.
She wants it for herself.
She wants it.
She wants justice.
She wants me on her team.
She wants me to believe her.
She wants me to buy her a pony.
She wants me to call him and make it clear that she never wants to see him again.
She wants me to coach her.
She wants me to cook dinner for her.
She wants me to do that for her.
She wants me to do that for him.
She wants me to fix this for her.
She wants me to fix this for him.
She wants me to follow her.
She wants me to forgive you.
She wants me to give her a loan.
She wants me to give her everything that I have.
She wants me to give her some space.
She wants me to go to Boston with him to visit him.
She wants me to go to Boston with him.
She wants me to go with her.
She wants me to help her tomorrow.
She wants me to help her with her homework.
She wants me to help her.
She wants me to help him with his homework.
She wants me to help him.
She wants me to lie for her.
She wants me to make an effort.
She wants me to merry her.
She wants me to move to another city? - the hell I will!
She wants me to stay away from her.
She wants me to stay away from him.
She wants me to stop talking to him.
She wants me to take her place.
She wants me to talk to her baby in Berber.
She wants me to talk to him.
She wants me to wait for her.
She wants me to wait for him.
She wants me to work with her.
She wants me to write a birthday message to him.
She wants money.
She wants more ice cream.
She wants more.
She wants my help.
She wants nicer things in life.
She wants one.
She wants people to pity her.
She wants pepperoni on her pizza.
She wants romantic kisses.
She wants some rest.
She wants somebody to accompany her there.
She wants somebody to help her.
She wants someone she can turn to for advice.
She wants someone to help her.
She wants someone to love her.
She wants someone who pays attention to her.
She wants something more.
She wants something very special for her birthday.
She wants that room.
She wants that.
She wants the best.
She wants the most bang for her buck.
She wants things done her way.
She wants to achieve success.
She wants to attend the party.
She wants to be Muslim.
She wants to be a celebrity.
She wants to be a designer.
She wants to be a heroine.
She wants to be a lesbian.
She wants to be a professor someday.
She wants to be a simultaneous interpreter.
She wants to be a singer.
She wants to be a solicitor.
She wants to be a star.
She wants to be a teacher.
She wants to be a tennis player when she grows up.
She wants to be a tennis player.
She wants to be alone.
She wants to be an actress.
She wants to be different.
She wants to be friends with him.
She wants to be more independent.
She wants to be more like him.
She wants to be part of the English society.
She wants to be popular at school.
She wants to be popular.
She wants to be the singer.
She wants to be wise.
She wants to be with him.
She wants to become Muslim.
She wants to become a biologist to help protect the environment.
She wants to become a citizen.
She wants to become a lawyer.
She wants to become a schoolteacher.
She wants to become a singer.
She wants to become a star.
She wants to become thin very much.
She wants to book a trip to Australia.
She wants to break up with him.
She wants to buy a Kabyle dress.
She wants to buy a car, but she can't afford to.
She wants to buy a car, but she can’t afford to.
She wants to buy a little house.
She wants to buy a pony.
She wants to buy a present for her boyfriend.
She wants to buy a present for him.
She wants to buy her boyfriend a present.
She wants to buy soccer cleats.
She wants to buy some books.
She wants to buy some football boots.
She wants to call her lawyer.
She wants to celebrate her birthday with him.
She wants to clean the whole house again.
She wants to come back to the team.
She wants to come first!
She wants to come.
She wants to cut her long hair short.
She wants to dance.
She wants to declutter her home.
She wants to die of old age.
She wants to discourage me.
She wants to discuss the problem with him.
She wants to do business with him.
She wants to do everything herself.
She wants to do it on her own.
She wants to do it.
She wants to do nothing.
She wants to do this day and night.
She wants to donate money.
She wants to drink champagne.
She wants to drink red wine every day.
She wants to drink some warm milk.
She wants to dye her hair red.
She wants to dye her hair.
She wants to ease the heart.
She wants to eat couscous.
She wants to eat.
She wants to engage in teaching.
She wants to expatriate.
She wants to explain everything to him.
She wants to extend the no-smoking area.
She wants to find Mr. Right. At her age, she feels that she’s ready for marriage.
She wants to find a husband.
She wants to finish what she's doing.
She wants to forget everything.
She wants to get a driver's license.
She wants to get a driver’s license.
She wants to get help for him.
She wants to get her driving licence.
She wants to get in touch with him.
She wants to get married right away.
She wants to get married, but not to him.
She wants to get rich quick.
She wants to get rich quickly.
She wants to give her old car to him.
She wants to go abroad so that she can study music.
She wants to go and find Mom.
She wants to go and see her father.
She wants to go back to college.
She wants to go back to work after her maternity leave.
She wants to go home, but she can't.
She wants to go out for dinner.
She wants to go out with him.
She wants to go out. But if it rains, she won’t go.
She wants to go shopping with him.
She wants to go to America.
She wants to go to Beijing to further her career.
She wants to go to Kabylie.
She wants to go to public school.
She wants to go to the USA.
She wants to go to the United States of America.
She wants to go to the movies.
She wants to go to the sea.
She wants to go to the tunnel.
She wants to go too.
She wants to go, but she can't.
She wants to go.
She wants to have a home birth.
She wants to have a talk with him.
She wants to have a wee.
She wants to help him.
She wants to help people.
She wants to hit him.
She wants to hit me.
She wants to hug him.
She wants to improve herself.
She wants to inspire others.
She wants to inspire positive action.
She wants to invest her money.
She wants to invest in our company's infrastructure.
She wants to join up and become a fighter pilot.
She wants to keep a cat.
She wants to keep everything for herself.
She wants to keep him at a distance.
She wants to keep the baby.
She wants to kill her.
She wants to kill herself.
She wants to kill him.
She wants to kill me.
She wants to kill some time.
She wants to kiss her.
She wants to kiss him.
She wants to know how she can gain weight.
She wants to know how she can lose weight quickly.
She wants to know how she can lose weight.
She wants to know how to lose weight safely.
She wants to know if you remember her.
She wants to know more about him.
She wants to know the truth.
She wants to know what happened to him.
She wants to know who broke the window.
She wants to know who sent the flowers.
She wants to know.
She wants to learn Berber fast.
She wants to learn Berber.
She wants to learn Toki Pona.
She wants to learn how to cook well.
She wants to learn many things.
She wants to learn more about Islam.
She wants to learn more about him.
She wants to learn to sing.
She wants to learn to swim.
She wants to learn.
She wants to leave a legacy.
She wants to leave a positive impact.
She wants to leave now.
She wants to leave, but she can't.
She wants to lie in bed a while longer.
She wants to live close to nature.
She wants to live close to the station.
She wants to live closer to nature.
She wants to live in the city.
She wants to live on her own.
She wants to live with me.
She wants to look cute and trendy.
She wants to look younger.
She wants to lose weight because she is overweight.
She wants to lose weight.
She wants to make the most of this.
She wants to marry Tom.
She wants to marry a millionaire.
She wants to marry a rich man.
She wants to marry her daughter to a doctor.
She wants to marry him.
She wants to meet him again.
She wants to meet him one more time.
She wants to meet him.
She wants to minor in philosophy.
She wants to move abroad.
She wants to move away.
She wants to move forward.
She wants to move out and find a place of her own.
She wants to move to Seville.
She wants to plant broccoli together with her kids.
She wants to play golf with him.
She wants to play me.
She wants to play tennis with him.
She wants to promote the band.
She wants to protect him.
She wants to prove the teacher wrong.
She wants to read a book.
She wants to read the book.
She wants to remodel her kitchen.
She wants to return home.
She wants to return to her country.
She wants to run for office.
She wants to save the planet.
She wants to say yes, but she can't.
She wants to see Mom's grave.
She wants to see her son.
She wants to see him.
She wants to see what kind of student you have been in these years.
She wants to see you dead.
She wants to see you.
She wants to see.
She wants to sell her car.
She wants to sell it to me.
She wants to send him a message, but she doesn't know what to say.
She wants to settle down and have children.
She wants to sing and dance.
She wants to sing old songs.
She wants to sleep by my side.
She wants to sleep in another room.
She wants to slice cheese for the quiches.
She wants to slice the cheese for sandwiches.
She wants to sow parsley.
She wants to speak English fluently.
She wants to speak to me again about a third topic.
She wants to speak.
She wants to spend more time with him.
She wants to spend the rest of her life with him.
She wants to spend time with her daughter.
She wants to spend time with her son.
She wants to spend time with him.
She wants to start her own business.
She wants to stay single forever.
She wants to stay up all night.
She wants to stay with him.
She wants to stop him.
She wants to study abroad.
She wants to study music and dance.
She wants to study philosophy in Kabyle.
She wants to surprise him.
She wants to take her anger out on someone.
She wants to take the book.
She wants to take the shahada.
She wants to take you with her.
She wants to talk to her lawyer.
She wants to talk to the imam.
She wants to talk to you right now.
She wants to talk to you.
She wants to tell us that she's done with her homework.
She wants to tell you about him.
She wants to travel around the world.
She wants to travel to Antarctica, of all places.
She wants to try Japanese food.
She wants to understand that.
She wants to visit Mom.
She wants to wait until marriage.
She wants to wait until she's married.
She wants to wait until the wedding.
She wants to ward off bad luck.
She wants to watch scary movies.
She wants to wear a Kabyle dress during the party.
She wants to wear a Kabyle dress tonight.
She wants to wear a Kabyle dress.
She wants to wear the Kabyle dress tonight.
She wants to wear the hijab.
She wants to win her ex back.
She wants to win the race.
She wants to wind up her small business.
She wants to work again after maternity leave.
She wants to work at the hospital.
She wants to work for him.
She wants to work in a hospital.
She wants to work in the hospital.
She wants to work with him.
She wants to work with you.
She wants to write for television.
She wants us to die with her.
She wants us to find him.
She wants us to follow her.
She wants us to go with her.
She wants us to help her do that.
She wants us to help her.
She wants us to know she did it.
She wants us to know she did that.
She wants us to think she's OK.
She wants us to think she's happy.
She wants vengeance.
She wants water.
She wants you all to herself.
She wants you dead.
She wants you to do her a favor.
She wants you to do it for her.
She wants you to do that for her.
She wants you to do that for him.
She wants you to go to Boston with him.
She wants you to help her do that.
She wants you to help her today.
She wants you to help her.
She wants you to help him.
She wants you to kill him.
She wants you to learn how to read.
She wants you to shoot him.
She wants you to sing with her.
She wants you to wait for her.
She wants you to wait for him.
She wants you to wash her car.
She wants you.
She warmed herself by the fire.
She warmed herself in front of the fire.
She warmed the milk.
She warned Mina.
She warned a student.
She warned him not to go alone.
She warned him not to go out at night alone.
She warned him not to go out by himself after dark.
She warned me to stay away from him.
She warned me.
She warned the children against playing in the street.
She warned the children not to play in the road.
She warned the children not to play in the street.
She warned the children not to play on the street.
She warned us.
She warned you.
She warns the risks of new pandemics will continue to increase if the world continues business as usual.
She was 13 years old.
She was 18 when her daughter was born.
She was 19 at the time.
She was 40 years old.
She was 40.
She was Algerian.
She was British.
She was First Lady.
She was Muslim.
She was OK.
She was Zeus' daughter.
She was a Bennett before she married.
She was a British citizen of French descent.
She was a British national.
She was a Brown before her marriage.
She was a Brown before she got married.
She was a Christian in life.
She was a Smith before her marriage.
She was a Smith before she got married.
She was a Wakahata before she married.
She was a bad student.
She was a beautiful but very proud girl.
She was a beautiful woman.
She was a beauty in her day.
She was a bit embarrassed.
She was a bit hasty in answering me.
She was a bit jealous.
She was a bit late.
She was a blonde young lady, small, dainty, well gloved, and dressed in the most perfect taste.
She was a born and bred Londoner.
She was a brave soldier.
She was a bridesmaid at the wedding.
She was a bright, vivacious, dark-eyed lady, more French than English in her type.
She was a brilliant scholar, receiving acclaim far and wide.
She was a brilliant writer, but not so brilliant that she could get a book published twenty years before she was born.
She was a bubbly twenty-year-old brunette.
She was a bundle of jealousy.
She was a bundle of nerves last night.
She was a charming woman.
She was a child, but she was brave.
She was a child, but she wasn't afraid.
She was a chonga.
She was a close friend of his.
She was a coach.
She was a cool teacher.
She was a curious child, quiet and thoughtful.
She was a danger to herself as well as to the rest of the family.
She was a devout woman.
She was a fairly new teacher and did not really know what to do.
She was a fake.
She was a famous actress.
She was a fine artist and photographer.
She was a fine tall woman, black and quick and fierce, with a proud way of carrying her head, and a glint from her eye like a spark from a flint.
She was a five-hundred-ton boat; and besides her thirty-eight jail-birds, she carried twenty-six of a crew, eighteen soldiers, a captain, three mates, a doctor, a chaplain, and four warders.
She was a flaxen-haired girl from the North Sea coast.
She was a force to be reckoned with in the courtroom, winning every case she took on.
She was a foreigner and was treated as such.
She was a former first lady.
She was a freshman.
She was a friend of his.
She was a friendly-looking lady.
She was a genius in mathematics.
She was a genius.
She was a girl of about our age.
She was a girl of imposing appearance and winning manners. But this staggered him. If she were such a slave to fashion and observance, she was not the woman for his wife.
She was a girl with finely chiseled features.
She was a girl with golden hair.
She was a girl, and he was a boy.
She was a good Muslim girl.
She was a good swimmer in her young days.
She was a good woman, Tom.
She was a gorgeous girl of 22.
She was a great help to me.
She was a head taller than he was.
She was a head taller than him.
She was a kind person.
She was a likely suspect.
She was a little anxious.
She was a little bit dismissive.
She was a little disappointed.
She was a little girl then.
She was a little hesitant.
She was a little irresponsible.
She was a little worried about him.
She was a loving wife and mother.
She was a mage.
She was a medical student.
She was a member of the Red Army Faction.
She was a mess.
She was a middle-aged urban professional.
She was a middle-aged woman.
She was a money-grubber. She married just for money.
She was a most generous woman, and possessed a considerable fortune of her own.
She was a much better clinician than researcher.
She was a narrow-thinking religious girl.
She was a nymph of some importance, and, moreover, it is said she was highly regarded because of her beauty and grace.
She was a palliative care nurse until her retirement.
She was a paper mill worker.
She was a patron of the arts.
She was a perfectly self-possessed child.
She was a pioneer in the field of computer science.
She was a pioneer in this field.
She was a pious woman.
She was a pleasant-looking woman of about forty, with a deep voice, almost manly in its stentorian tones, and had a large sensible square body, with feet to match—these last encased in good thick boots.
She was a pleasant-looking woman.
She was a poor child, of a proud and arrogant nature, and her disposition was bad from the beginning.
She was a pretty shy girl.
She was a prison guard for ten years.
She was a promising pupil.
She was a radical feminist. When she had the slightest suspicion that her boyfriend was objectifying a woman, she became furious.
She was a rather prim and proper young lady.
She was a real diva from head to toe.
She was a real gem of a person.
She was a real hero.
She was a real ugly duckling as a kid.
She was a rickety girl, like a yellowish leaf that can't do photosynthesis.
She was a second mother for me.
She was a serious Buddhist.
She was a shining example to people everywhere.
She was a sight when she didn't wear makeup.
She was a sight when she didn’t wear makeup.
She was a single mom from a small Midwest town.
She was a soap opera actress.
She was a soldier in Korea.
She was a strange child, quiet and thoughtful.
She was a striking-looking woman, a little short and thick for symmetry, but with a beautiful olive complexion, large, dark, Italian eyes, and a wealth of deep black hair.
She was a striking-looking woman, with a beautiful olive complexion, large, dark, Italian eyes, and a wealth of deep black hair.
She was a strong, fast runner then.
She was a student.
She was a super hot teacher.
She was a tall, slender blonde.
She was a tall, thin girl with long, soft brown hair.
She was a teacher.
She was a tiny girl, but she really held her own on the baritone sax. Nonetheless, I couldn't help but imagine the thing wrapping itself around her and devouring her like a boa constrictor.
She was a tiny girl, but she really held her own on the baritone sax. Nonetheless, I couldn’t help but imagine the thing wrapping itself around her and devouring her like a boa constrictor.
She was a track star once.
She was a very ambitious woman.
She was a very bad teacher.
She was a very demanding girlfriend.
She was a very important part of our lives.
She was a very pretty little girl, with her mother's black eyes and hair.
She was a war widow.
She was a widow when I first met her.
She was a widow when I met her first, though quite young—only twenty-five.
She was a woman of few emotions.
She was a woman who liked to domineer and feel her power, and as she looked at Sara's pale little steadfast face and heard her proud little voice, she quite felt as if her might was being set at naught.
She was a woman with a nice voice, interesting, full of ardour, but a little tipsy.
She was a working mother.
She was a young girl about your age.
She was a zealous worker for charity.
She was abandoned by her parents.
She was abandoned.
She was abducted by aliens from the planet Tatoeba.
She was abducted from the hospital.
She was abducted.
She was able to adapt.
She was able to adjust.
She was able to answer all the questions.
She was able to answer whatever was asked.
She was able to be ready early this morning, because she finished packing last night.
She was able to break free.
She was able to buy what she needed.
She was able to channel all that excess energy into her studies.
She was able to continue her education through correspondence courses.
She was able to cook herself dinner, after a fashion.
She was able to cross the Pacific Ocean by boat.
She was able to do that by herself.
She was able to do that on her own.
She was able to extend her visa.
She was able to fix the computer.
She was able to get her job back.
She was able to get her own way.
She was able to get there in less than ten minutes.
She was able to go to college thanks to the scholarship.
She was able to kill two birds with one stone.
She was able to let herself go completely sexually.
She was able to park behind the hotel.
She was able to read the book.
She was able to solve the math problems.
She was able to solve the problem by herself.
She was able to solve the problem in ten minutes.
She was able to take care of herself.
She was able to talk a little Berber with me.
She was about thirty years old when she met him.
She was about thirty years old, and had a sufficiently plump and cheerful face, though it was twisted up into an odd expression of tightness that made it comical.
She was about to call him up when he walked in the door.
She was about to go out.
She was about to go to bed when someone knocked on the door.
She was about to jump from the second-floor window.
She was about to knock on a door that was going to change her life.
She was about to leave her home forever.
She was about to leave the house.
She was about to leave.
She was about to say something, but she stopped herself.
She was about to start.
She was about to walk to school.
She was abroad.
She was absent and so was he.
She was absent because she caught a cold.
She was absent due to a cold.
She was absent from class.
She was absent from lectures.
She was absent from school because of sickness.
She was absent from school because she was ill.
She was absent from school because she was sick.
She was absent from school due to illness.
She was absent from school owing to sickness.
She was absent from school with a cold.
She was absent from school without notice.
She was absent from the club activities.
She was absent on the ground of illness.
She was absent simply because she caught cold.
She was absent without leave.
She was absent.
She was absolutely charming.
She was absolutely gorgeous.
She was absolutely ill and nearly out of reason.
She was absolutely sure of herself.
She was absorbed in a dark despair.
She was absorbed in a game of patience.
She was absorbed in her work.
She was absorbed in listening to music when I visited her.
She was absorbed in reading a fairy tale.
She was absorbed in reading comic books.
She was absorbed in reading the magazine.
She was absorbed in the video.
She was absorbed in writing a poem.
She was abused by her father.
She was abused by her stepfather.
She was accepted at Harvard.
She was accepted by Harvard.
She was accepted by the sorority.
She was accepted into Boston University.
She was accepted to Harvard.
She was accompanied by her boyfriend.
She was accompanied by her mother.
She was accompanied by her parents.
She was accompanied.
She was accorded permission to use the library.
She was accused for nepotism.
She was accused of being a heretic.
She was accused of bribery.
She was accused of having lied about the affair.
She was accused of lying.
She was accused of telling a lie.
She was accused of theft.
She was accustomed to drinking beer.
She was accustomed to male gazes on her slender, sensual figure.
She was aching all over.
She was aching from head to foot.
She was aching to go to the party.
She was across in ten minutes.
She was across in thirty minutes.
She was acting as if she was in charge.
She was acting on her own.
She was acting really weird.
She was active in Soviet and Russian political and other groups, and was elected to the Russian Duma in 2011.
She was active in the Afghan army for more than three decades; a commando and a paratrooper with nearly 600 parachute jumps, earning awards, certificates, and medals.
She was admiring the new i-Phone.
She was admitted to Waseda University.
She was admitted to a prestigious college.
She was admitted to the bar.
She was admitted to the club.
She was admitted to the university in Waseda.
She was admitted to the university.
She was adopted as an infant.
She was adopted by an Algerian family.
She was adopted.
She was adored by the people.
She was advised by him not to borrow money from his friends.
She was advised by him not to go there by herself.
She was advised by him not to go.
She was advised by him on how to stay healthy.
She was advised by him on that matter.
She was advised by him to be more careful.
She was advised by him to be punctual.
She was advised by him to come back at once.
She was advised by him to get more exercise.
She was advised by him to give up drinking.
She was advised by him to give up smoking.
She was advised by him to go abroad while she was still young.
She was advised by him to go to the police.
She was advised by him to listen to her doctor.
She was advised by him to lose weight.
She was advised by him to stop smoking.
She was advised by him to work harder.
She was advised to use her compensatory time off before the end of the fiscal year.
She was affected by Mom's death deeply.
She was aflame with pride.
She was afraid he might change his mind.
She was afraid of being laughed at.
She was afraid of her dad, she just kept quiet.
She was afraid of his having an accident.
She was afraid of hurting him.
She was afraid of hurting his feelings.
She was afraid of making the first move.
She was afraid of the dog at the gate.
She was afraid of the dog.
She was afraid of travelling alone.
She was afraid of waking the baby.
She was afraid she might be deported.
She was afraid she might be evicted.
She was afraid she might be expelled.
She was afraid she might be fired.
She was afraid she might be laid off.
She was afraid she might get evicted.
She was afraid she might get fired.
She was afraid she might pass out from exhaustion.
She was afraid she was going to die.
She was afraid she'd be late.
She was afraid she'd lost her key.
She was afraid she'd never see them again.
She was afraid that he might poke his eye out, so she told him to be careful.
She was afraid that he would say no.
She was afraid the letter might fall into the wrong hands.
She was afraid to catch a cold.
She was afraid to cross the road.
She was afraid to do it by herself.
She was afraid to go there by herself.
She was afraid to make a speech.
She was afraid to pass through the woods.
She was afraid to say it to her parents.
She was afraid to swim.
She was afraid to tell her parents.
She was afraid to travel alone.
She was afraid, wasn't she?
She was afraid.
She was aging quickly.
She was agitated by the news of her lover's death.
She was agitated by the news of her lover’s death.
She was ahead of her time.
She was airlifted.
She was all by herself.
She was all eyes as he opened the jewelry box.
She was all kindness to everybody.
She was all over me.
She was all right.
She was all smiles.
She was all the more beautiful dressed in her wedding costume.
She was allowed to go to the disco on condition that she was back by ten.
She was allowed to return.
She was almost dead.
She was almost hit by a car.
She was almost knocked down by a car.
She was almost late for school.
She was almost run over by a car.
She was alone in the dark.
She was alone in the house.
She was alone in this opinion.
She was alone most of the time.
She was alone on Valentine's Day.
She was alone there.
She was alone with her baby in the house.
She was alone.
She was already heading for the door.
She was already in love with him.
She was already pregnant.
She was already there waiting for him.
She was alright.
She was also at the hospital.
She was also deaf.
She was also on the team.
She was also to blame.
She was also visiting the town for work.
She was also worried.
She was always able to answer all the questions.
She was always attracted to men who were much older than her.
She was always been easy to get along with.
She was always complaining about her husband.
She was always different from other children.
She was always different.
She was always distracted.
She was always finding fault with me.
She was always good to her kids.
She was always late.
She was always nice to me.
She was always perfectly made up.
She was always practicing the piano.
She was always practising the piano.
She was always pulling my leg when we worked together.
She was always quarreling with her brothers.
She was always quarreling with her parents.
She was always ready to help people in trouble.
She was always ready with an answer.
She was always staring at me for the time being.
She was always surrounded by high-quality goods.
She was always telephoning me.
She was always treated like trash.
She was always trying to impress her father.
She was always trying to provoke me into saying something I would regret later.
She was always very secretive.
She was always willing to help people in trouble.
She was amazed at the sight of the ghost.
She was amazed to hear the news.
She was amazed.
She was amazing.
She was amazingly good.
She was ambitious.
She was amused at her son's tomfoolery.
She was amused at her son’s tomfoolery.
She was amused at the joke.
She was amused by what she saw.
She was an activist in the Women's Liberation Movement.
She was an actor.
She was an actress and was treated as such.
She was an actress.
She was an athlete in high school.
She was an award-winning editorial writer on a newspaper.
She was an enchantress.
She was an excellent horsewoman.
She was an excellent spouse who stood by him through poverty.
She was an excellent student.
She was an excellent target for teasing because she always took things so seriously.
She was an experienced wedding photographer.
She was an extraordinary woman.
She was an extremely beautiful woman.
She was an honest politician.
She was an important part of my life.
She was an imposter.
She was an infant at the time.
She was an innocent victim of human wickedness.
She was an intelligent woman with an erotic aura.
She was an original Valley Girl.
She was an orphan who lost her parents in a plane crash.
She was an outcast.
She was angrier.
She was angry and confused.
She was angry at herself.
She was angry that she had been fooled.
She was angry to find the door locked.
She was angry when I saw her.
She was angry with Skura.
She was angry with herself.
She was angry, but she spoke with restraint.
She was angry.
She was angry. That is why she remained silent.
She was annoyed because she had been kept waiting.
She was annoyed by that.
She was annoyed to be kept waiting.
She was annoyed with me because I was late.
She was annoyed with me for being late.
She was annoyed.
She was anxious about her children's health.
She was anxious about her children’s health.
She was anxious about her job.
She was anxious about her mother's sickness.
She was anxious about his health.
She was anxious for help.
She was anxious lest she might miss the train.
She was anxious to know the entrance exam results.
She was anxious to leave Blair’s house now that it was occupied by the usurpers, but we had cajoled her into remaining in order to keep some check upon the movements of the man Dawson and his daughter.
She was anxious to please her mother.
She was anxious to recover from illness.
She was appalled by West Egg, this unprecedented "place" that Broadway had begotten upon a Long Island fishing village—appalled by its raw vigor that chafed under the old euphemisms and by the too obtrusive fate that herded its inhabitants along a short-cut from nothing to nothing.
She was appointed as the EU Sherpa for climate negotiations.
She was appointed as the chieftain by the goddess herself.
She was appointed chairperson.
She was appointed to the police force.
She was appreciably tanned after her vacation.
She was apprehensive about receiving criticism of her performance.
She was approaching thirty when I first met her.
She was approaching.
She was apt to accept different roles.
She was arguing with the neighbours again.
She was armed.
She was around.
She was arrested and accused of being a spy.
She was arrested and thrown in jail.
She was arrested at her home.
She was arrested by the police.
She was arrested for being an unlicensed medical practitioner.
She was arrested for having helped in his escape.
She was arrested for prostitution.
She was arrested for theft.
She was arrested immediately.
She was arrested in Kabylie, Algeria.
She was arrested three years after she murdered him.
She was arrested.
She was articulate, but none of what she said was true.
She was as beautiful as a wildflower.
She was as great a scientist as ever lived.
She was as happy as could be.
She was as intelligent as she was beautiful.
She was as intense in her hatreds as in her loves.
She was as naked as the day she was born.
She was as pretty as a primrose.
She was as shocked as Mom.
She was as thin as a rail.
She was as white as a sheet.
She was ashamed of her children's behavior.
She was ashamed of her children’s behavior.
She was ashamed of her ignorance.
She was ashamed of her parents.
She was ashamed of herself for her carelessness.
She was ashamed of herself.
She was ashamed of his ignorance.
She was ashamed that one so fine as herself should have such a ragged old woman, who picked up sticks, for her mother.
She was ashamed when her child behaved very badly in public.
She was ashamed.
She was asked not to speak at the meeting.
She was asked to account for her conduct.
She was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house.
She was asked to convince him to get his son to paint the house.
She was asked to convince him to paint the house.
She was asked to give him some money.
She was asked to go out with him.
She was asked to go, and she left accordingly.
She was asked to help him paint the house.
She was asked to leave, which she then did.
She was asked to leave.
She was asked to the party.
She was asked to write her name in ink.
She was asking for it.
She was asking me if I was able to write.
She was asleep in her room.
She was asleep when she was shot.
She was asleep.
She was assaulted.
She was astonished by what she saw.
She was astonished that you spoke Chinese so well.
She was astonishingly beautiful.
She was at a High School, at the inarticulate stage last time he was over, a round-eyed, pale-faced girl, with nothing of her mother in her, a silent stolid creature, who took it all as a matter of course, let her mother make a fuss of her, and then said "May I go now?"
She was at a loss as to what to do.
She was at a loss for an answer.
She was at a loss for what to do.
She was at a loss for words to express her feeling.
She was at a loss for words.
She was at a loss what to do next.
She was at a loss what to do.
She was at a loss what to say next.
She was at a loss what to wear for the party.
She was at a loss when to start.
She was at a loss which way to go.
She was at a party.
She was at a sleepover.
She was at her wit's end what to do.
She was at her wit's end.
She was at her wit’s end what to do.
She was at her wit’s end.
She was at high school.
She was at his bedside for the whole time he was ill.
She was at home at the weekend.
She was at home by herself all day.
She was at home in English.
She was at home in bed last night.
She was at home.
She was at once frank and honest.
She was at one time faced with the problem.
She was at the casino.
She was at the cement factory.
She was at the club at 8 o'clock.
She was at the club at 8 o’clock.
She was at the crime scene.
She was at the doctor's today.
She was at the doctor's.
She was at the movies.
She was at the party, wasn't she?
She was at the scene of the crime.
She was at the supermarket.
She was at the town's diner.
She was at the wrong place at the wrong time.
She was attacked by a big snake.
She was attracted to him like a moth to a flame.
She was available.
She was awake.
She was aware I could have limitations.
She was aware of her parents' eyes.
She was aware of her parents’ eyes.
She was aware of his eyes.
She was aware of his propensity towards deception.
She was aware of the danger of the frozen road.
She was aware of their hostile feelings toward her.
She was aware she shouldn't feel this way for her own uncle.
She was aware that her use of the word "korekti" deviated from the definition in the PIV.
She was aware that she would carry this shame with her forever.
She was away.
She was awkward and reserved at parties.
She was back in Algiers during the summer break.
She was backpacking.
She was banished for life.
She was baptized Mary.
She was barfing all over the place.
She was barking.
She was barred from the club.
She was beaming with delight.
She was beaten by her father.
She was beaten up by a gang.
She was beaten.
She was beautiful and charming, but looked at her husband's poetic efforts with complete indifference.
She was beautiful and innocent.
She was beautiful but she had a problem: her feet stank.
She was beautiful in her time.
She was beautiful when she was young.
She was beautiful, with her long, thick hair.
She was beautiful.
She was becoming impatient.
She was bedridden.
She was been here before, and so have I.
She was beginning to get desperate.
She was beguiled by his sweet words.
She was behaving mysteriously.
She was beheaded.
She was behind a computer screen.
She was behind bars.
She was behind me.
She was being carried to the hospital.
She was being recorded.
She was being serious.
She was being stubborn.
She was believed to have been a film star before.
She was bereaved of a son.
She was bereft of all hope.
She was beset by worries.
She was beset with worries.
She was beside herself with anger after the argument.
She was beside herself with grief at the news of her son's accident.
She was beside herself with grief at the news of her son’s accident.
She was beside herself with grief.
She was beside herself with joy at the news.
She was beside herself with joy when she met the famous singer.
She was beside herself with joy.
She was beside herself with rage when she heard the remark.
She was beside herself with rage.
She was beside herself.
She was besotted with him.
She was better than I expected.
She was bewildered.
She was bewitched by his smile.
She was beyond rich.
She was bitten by a wild animal.
She was bitten.
She was blackmailed by him.
She was bleeding profusely from the head.
She was bleeding profusely.
She was blind, deaf, and dumb.
She was blind, deaf, and mute.
She was blinded by the glare of headlights and could not avoid the accident.
She was blindfolded.
She was blinking.
She was bluffing.
She was boarding up the windows.
She was boiling with indignation.
She was bored with her job.
She was bored.
She was boring.
She was born Muslim.
She was born and brought up in Osaka.
She was born and brought up on the backstreets.
She was born at night.
She was born at six a.m. on July 17, 1990.
She was born at six a.m. on July 17.
She was born blind.
She was born by natural childbirth.
She was born here in Algiers.
She was born in 1946, on August 19, in California.
She was born in 1960.
She was born in Algeria.
She was born in Algiers.
She was born in America and grew up in Japan.
She was born in America.
She was born in Armenia.
She was born in Beijing.
She was born in Czechoslovakia.
She was born in El Toboso.
She was born in England.
She was born in February.
She was born in January.
She was born in Kabylie, Algeria.
She was born in Mexico.
She was born in Ohio.
She was born in Rome.
She was born in Switzerland.
She was born in a remote village in Nepal.
She was born in a small village.
She was born in an air-raid shelter during an air raid.
She was born in the 1950s.
She was born in the United States and grew up in Japan.
She was born in the United States.
She was born in the nineties.
She was born in the purple.
She was born into Islam.
She was born into a Christian family.
She was born into a Muslim family.
She was born into a very religious family.
She was born into a wealthy Algerian family from Kabylie.
She was born just a generation past slavery. A time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky, when someone like her couldn't vote for two reasons: because she was a woman, and because of the color of her skin.
She was born just a generation past slavery. A time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky, when someone like her couldn’t vote for two reasons: because she was a woman, and because of the color of her skin.
She was born just a generation past slavery; a time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky; when someone like her couldn't vote for two reasons — because she was a woman and because of the color of her skin.
She was born just a generation past slavery; a time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky; when someone like her couldn’t vote for two reasons â€” because she was a woman and because of the color of her skin.
She was born last year.
She was born like that.
She was born lucky.
She was born old and gets younger with time.
She was born on 17 July at six in the morning.
She was born on April 4, 1940.
She was born on July 17, at six in the morning.
She was born on the last day of February.
She was born out of wedlock.
She was born outside of Dad's marriage.
She was born the day she died.
She was born there.
She was born to make me happy.
She was born under a lucky star.
She was born under the sign of Pisces.
She was born with Down syndrome.
She was born with a silver spoon in her mouth.
She was born with ten fingers and ten toes.
She was born with underdeveloped lungs, but eventually a few steroid shots set her straight.
She was born yesterday.
She was borne away by an impulse.
She was brave and cheerful, and always made little of her troubles.
She was brave, even though she was just a child.
She was brave.
She was breathing hard.
She was breathing.
She was bright, and seemed very fair that morning, rejoicing in rest and the peace that was all around.
She was broke.
She was brought to tears.
She was brought up according to the Jewish religion.
She was brought up by her aunt.
She was brought up by her grandfather.
She was brought up by her grandmother.
She was brought up by him.
She was brought up here.
She was brought up in a rich family.
She was brought up in the lap of luxury.
She was brushing her hair in front of a mirror.
She was brutally murdered.
She was brutally raped by a group of teenagers.
She was bullied as a kid.
She was bullied at school.
She was bullied by her classmates.
She was bullied when she was a kid.
She was bullied.
She was buried alive.
She was buried by an avalanche.
She was buried in grading the papers.
She was buried in her hometown.
She was buried.
She was burned alive.
She was burned at the stake.
She was burned so extensively that her children no longer recognized her.
She was burning to tell the secret.
She was burning with anger.
She was burning with fever.
She was burning with jealousy.
She was burping.
She was bursting with health.
She was bustling about in the kitchen.
She was busy doing her hair.
She was busy doing her homework.
She was busy in the kitchen.
She was busy knitting. In the meantime, he was taking a nap by the fire.
She was busy weaving.
She was busy with her knitting.
She was busy with household work.
She was busy with housework.
She was busy with the housework.
She was busy.
She was but thirty at the time of her death, and yet her hair had already begun to whiten.
She was buying a newspaper.
She was by far the best singer in the class.
She was by herself in her car.
She was by herself.
She was by no means happy.
She was called Skura and she was Algerian.
She was called away to the party.
She was called the "Iron Lady."
She was called.
She was calling her sister.
She was calm and collected.
She was canonized after her death.
She was captured trying to steal jewelry.
She was careful crossing the square.
She was careful not to break the glasses.
She was careful not to leave the door unlocked.
She was careful opening the drawer.
She was careful.
She was careless enough to leave her bag in the bus.
She was careless with money, so now she's in trouble financially.
She was careless with money, so now she’s in trouble financially.
She was carried away by the man's charm.
She was carried away by the man’s charm.
She was carried away by the police.
She was carrying a basket full of flowers.
She was carrying a large leather bag under her arm.
She was carrying her baby in her arms.
She was carrying her purchase in a plastic bag. It burst and all its content fell on the ground.
She was carrying that baby on her back.
She was carrying the baby on her back.
She was cashiered in no time.
She was catcalled while walking down the street.
She was caught by surprise.
She was caught completely by surprise.
She was caught in a lie.
She was caught in a shower and got wet to the skin.
She was caught red handed.
She was caught red-handed trying to steal a necklace.
She was caught trying to burn the office down.
She was caught with her hand in the cookie jar.
She was caught with her pants down.
She was certainly enjoying herself.
She was certainly not the kind of woman he needed by his side.
She was chained to the bed.
She was charming during dinner with my parents.
She was chased by a rabid dog.
She was chased.
She was chasing Linda.
She was cheated into buying worthless stock.
She was chewing.
She was chilling.
She was choked with tears and was unable to speak.
She was chosen for her promising leadership qualities.
She was chosen from among many students.
She was chosen from ten thousand applicants.
She was chosen.
She was chundering all over the place.
She was clad in a kimono.
She was clapping.
She was cleaning the house in preparation for a party.
She was cleaning.
She was clearly in trouble.
She was clearly satisfied with the results.
She was clearly upset.
She was clenching her jaw.
She was clever enough not to be deceived by him.
She was climbing.
She was clinging to her father.
She was close to breaking into tears.
She was close to tears, so hard was it for her to place the comma.
She was closely related to the mighty Queen Zurline, and her home was beneath the shade of a widespreading oak.
She was closing the gate.
She was clothed in a black blouse and red skirt.
She was clothed in a red blouse and a black skirt.
She was clothed in a red blouse and white skirt.
She was clothed in a white blouse and red skirt.
She was clothed in black, like she was ready to grieve someone.
She was clothed in wool.
She was cold, but I wasn't.
She was combing her hair for a long time.
She was coming down the stairs.
She was coming.
She was commenting in Berber.
She was compelled to meddle in this.
She was complaining of back pain.
She was completely nonplussed by his unexpected behavior.
She was completely smitten.
She was completely taken in by his smile.
She was completely wrecked from all the late nights at work.
She was completely wrecked with grief after losing her pet.
She was completely wrong.
She was concerned about his prolonged absence.
She was concerned about the well-being of her brothers.
She was concerned.
She was condemned to lead a miserable life.
She was conducted to the young Prince, dressed as she was. He thought her more charming than ever, and, a few days after, married her.
She was confused by the news.
She was confused.
She was conscious of being stared at by a stranger.
She was considerably naive.
She was considered a great beauty.
She was considering leaving him.
She was constantly with me.
She was consumed with ambition.
She was consumed with worry for them.
She was content with her life.
She was convicted of treason.
She was convicted.
She was convinced she found her ideal partner.
She was convinced she found the one for her.
She was convinced that Pierre knew more than he wanted to confess.
She was convinced that he really loved her.
She was convinced that she could make him love her.
She was cooking dinner at that time.
She was cooking.
She was cool about it.
She was cool toward me today.
She was cornered by the wolves.
She was cornered.
She was coughing.
She was counting the money.
She was covered.
She was crouching.
She was crying as she answered.
She was crying for a toy.
She was crying her heart out.
She was crying in her room.
She was crying last night.
She was crying loudly; then she blew her nose and composed herself.
She was crying on a bench as I found her.
She was crying out in pain at her son's death.
She was crying with joy.
She was crying with pain.
She was crying.
She was curing the meat.
She was curious about that.
She was curious, and opened the door.
She was curious.
She was curled up at his side.
She was cursing.
She was cute.
She was dancing at work.
She was dancing on the beach.
She was dancing on top of the car.
She was dancing.
She was dating a therapist.
She was dazzled by the gorgeous room.
She was de-emphasizing the importance of her story, hiding away from the crowd.
She was dead meat.
She was dead.
She was deadly pale and breathing fast, glancing furtively towards the bed as she fastened her mantle, to see if she had disturbed me.
She was deadly tired.
She was deaf.
She was deceived by a friend.
She was decked out like a princess.
She was declared a genius when she was merely a kindergartner.
She was dedicated.
She was deepening the holes.
She was deeply moved.
She was deeply offended by his remarks.
She was deeply shocked.
She was defeated.
She was defecating.
She was defending herself.
She was defensive.
She was deliberate in everything she did.
She was delicate from birth.
She was delighted to meet her great-granddaughter.
She was delighted when her overtime leave was granted without any issues.
She was delighted with the flowers you sent her.
She was deliriously cleaning the car.
She was demanding.
She was denied access.
She was denied any possibility of emigration.
She was denied bail.
She was deported from Algeria.
She was depressed by all her problems.
She was depressed.
She was desirous of her son's success.
She was desirous of her son’s success.
She was desperate for attention.
She was desperate to fit in.
She was desperate to get married.
She was desperate to kiss him.
She was desperate to lose weight.
She was desperate.
She was desperately in love with him.
She was desperately seeking love.
She was determined never to talk to him again.
She was determined to make everything work.
She was determined to make the marriage work.
She was determined to not talk to him anymore.
She was devastated when he broke up with her.
She was devastated.
She was different from most women in the neighborhood, for she was able to read and write.
She was digging.
She was disappointed in him.
She was disappointed in love.
She was disappointed with the result.
She was disappointed, and angry with herself for being so.
She was disappointed, wasn't she?
She was disappointed.
She was discharged from hospital an hour ago.
She was discharged.
She was discouraged from publishing her first novel.
She was disfiguring herself.
She was disguised in men's clothes.
She was disguised in men’s clothes.
She was disgusted at his persistence.
She was disgusted by the unsanitary conditions.
She was dismayed at the news.
She was dismayed at their ignorance in etiquette.
She was dismissed for loafing on the job.
She was dismissed from her job.
She was dismissed from the school.
She was dismissed on the grounds of neglect of duty.
She was dismissed.
She was displeased at my letter.
She was disqualified from the race for two false starts.
She was disrespectful, wasn't she?
She was disrespectful.
She was disrespecting Mina.
She was dissatisfied with the service at the hotel where she stayed.
She was distracted by grief.
She was distraught.
She was disturbed.
She was divinely beautiful.
She was doing OK.
She was doing a lot of travelling on land and by sea.
She was doing drugs.
She was doing her job on the computer.
She was doing something.
She was doing the housekeeping.
She was doing the right thing.
She was doing the washing then.
She was doing the washing-up.
She was doing this to annoy the teacher.
She was doing very well at high school.
She was doing what she loved.
She was done, but Skura wasn't.
She was done.
She was down on her husband.
She was down.
She was downright maudlin over her broken drawing tablet; you'd think her pet had died.
She was dragged into the cellar and raped.
She was dragged out of the room.
She was drawing.
She was drawn to him.
She was dreaming of starting a family.
She was dreaming.
She was dressed after the fashion of an actress.
She was dressed all in black.
She was dressed all in white for the wedding.
She was dressed fit to kill.
She was dressed in a faded cotton skirt.
She was dressed in a red bathing suit.
She was dressed in a red blouse.
She was dressed in a yellow Kabyle dress.
She was dressed in black tights and a checkered skirt.
She was dressed in black tights and a plaid skirt.
She was dressed in black.
She was dressed in red.
She was dressed in rich silks.
She was dressed in the sweetest dress of pale-pink organdy, with dozens of frills and elbow sleeves, and she looked just like a seraph.
She was dressed in white at the party.
She was dressed in white.
She was dressed in wool.
She was dressed like a Muslim woman.
She was dressed like a bitch.
She was dressed like a slut.
She was dressed like a whore.
She was dressed like an actress.
She was dressed luxuriously.
She was dressed to impress.
She was dressed to kill.
She was dressed up in black.
She was dressed with exceeding smartness and wore several bangle bracelets that glittered and rattled and tinkled with every movement of her hands.
She was dressed.
She was drinking poisonous water.
She was drinking tea instead of coffee.
She was drinking.
She was driven to stealing by hunger.
She was driving the car in one rainy evening.
She was driving the car.
She was driving.
She was drooling.
She was dropped from the height of happiness into the depth of misery.
She was drowning in coffee.
She was drunk with happiness.
She was dumb with fear.
She was dumped by her boyfriend via a text message.
She was dumped by that heartless bastard.
