There are seedless grapes and seedless watermelons. I wonder if there are seedless mangoes.
There are sentences that I am not going to translate.
There are sentences that I won't translate.
There are sentences that are untranslatable in other languages.
There are sentences which do not deserve to be translated.
There are sentences which everybody knows.
There are sentences whose translation into certain languages doesn't make sense and, therefore, should be avoided.
There are sentences whose translation into certain languages is senseless and, therefore, should be avoided.
There are services about three miles north.
There are seven billion people in the world, and yet I am nonetheless alone.
There are seven cakes on the floor.
There are seven colors in the rainbow: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet.
There are seven continents on Earth.
There are seven continents on the earth.
There are seven coronaviruses that can affect people. The common cold is one, as are its more virulent cousins: SARS, severe acute respiratory virus, and MERS, Middle East respiratory virus.
There are seven days in a week.
There are seven main Tuareg tribes.
There are seven members of BTS.
There are seven men and four women in my section.
There are seven of us.
There are seven people in my school.
There are seventeen ravens.
There are several advantages to city life.
There are several barriers that keep machine translators from being 100% accurate, such as the context the language you're translating to needs, that the original sentence lacks.
There are several books on the desk.
There are several cafes in the park.
There are several cans of green beans on the shelf.
There are several cats that live near the pier.
There are several choices.
There are several churches near my house.
There are several cozy taverns in the old part of the city.
There are several current theories about the possible causes of gamma-ray bursts.
There are several customers in the restaurant.
There are several different ways of doing it.
There are several effective anti-clotting agents that doctors can use to clear these clogged blood vessels, including one called tissue plasminogen activator, or tPA.
There are several entrances.
There are several exits.
There are several factors to consider.
There are several fairly good restaurants not too far from here.
There are several floors in the building.
There are several flowers. One is red, another is white, and the others are yellow.
There are several forces at work.
There are several forms of government.
There are several gold ingots in the safe.
There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice.
There are several good reasons why I have a freezer.
There are several good reasons why you should do that.
There are several good reasons why you shouldn't do that.
There are several good restaurants within walking distance from here.
There are several hypotheses to explain this phenomenon.
There are several important differences between you and him.
There are several important questions that science cannot answer.
There are several irregularities in the nitrogen cycle.
There are several islets in this section of the river.
There are several kinds of anchors.
There are several kinds of cloud formations.
There are several leather-bound books sitting atop the bookcase.
There are several living dialects of Judeo-Aramaic.
There are several motorcycles parked out front.
There are several muscles in the gluteal group.
There are several nude beaches in this area.
There are several old pieces of furniture in this room.
There are several options that we're considering.
There are several options to consider.
There are several options we're considering.
There are several options.
There are several peoples in the country.
There are several pieces missing.
There are several places to eat near my office.
There are several places to eat on campus.
There are several points which I should like to discuss with you.
There are several possibilities.
There are several possible explanations.
There are several possible reasons for the sudden drop in crime.
There are several possible ways to do that.
There are several puddles on the roads.
There are several reasons I don't do that.
There are several reasons these kinds of things happen.
There are several reasons this type of thing happens.
There are several reasons why I don't want to do that.
There are several reasons why I have a fever.
There are several reasons why it would be a good idea to do that.
There are several reasons why it wouldn't be a good idea to do that.
There are several reasons why we can't do that right now.
There are several reasons why we can't do that today.
There are several reasons why we shouldn't do that.
There are several reasons why you should do that.
There are several reasons why you shouldn't do that.
There are several reasons.
There are several requirements that must be fulfilled before proceeding to the next step.
There are several restrictions on working to support yourself abroad on a student visa.
There are several solutions.
There are several species of them.
There are several spelling errors in your essay.
There are several stores near my house.
There are several thatched huts on the beach.
There are several theories.
There are several things left on my list of things to do that I haven't done yet.
There are several things we need to consider.
There are several types of magazines.
There are several typos in this document that need to be corrected.
There are several typos in this document that need to be fixed.
There are several varieties of omelettes, each named after the ingredient prominent in the composition.
There are several ways out.
There are several ways that can be done.
There are several ways that could be done.
There are several ways that we could attack this problem.
There are several ways to arrange it.
There are several ways to do that.
There are several ways to fund postgraduate study.
There are several ways to get in contact with other Tatoeba users or to get instant help.
There are several ways to interpret this text.
There are several ways to measure speed.
There are several ways to read this text.
There are several ways to say the same thing.
There are several ways to say this in French.
There are several ways to understand specific problems.
There are several ways we could attack this problem.
There are shortages of masks and disinfectant being reported all over the world.
There are showers at work.
There are shuttle buses that stop at several hotels in Tokyo.
There are sick passengers on board.
There are side effects.
There are significant differences between those two countries.
There are significant obstacles which must be overcome before your proposal is adopted.
There are signs everywhere.
There are signs of growing tensions between the two countries.
There are signs that the economy is picking up.
There are signs that the economy is recovering.
There are similarities between Korean and Japanese.
There are similarities between the Indonesian and Polish flags.
There are similarities.
There are simpler things in life than finding a good husband. Nailing jelly to a tree, for example.
There are simply no jobs out there right now.
There are situations where you return to secular life of your own volition, and there are situations where the religious sect forces you to return to secular life.
There are six apples in the box.
There are six apples in this box.
There are six brothers – same father, different mothers.
There are six fish inside the tin can.
There are six hours of class every day.
There are six nominees for this year's prize.
There are six pages in chapter two.
There are six people including him.
There are six sentences in Mongolian in Tatoeba as of now.
There are six trees in the park.
There are sixty minutes in an hour.
There are sixty seconds in a minute.
There are small Christian minorities in Algeria.
There are smiles that bring life.
There are snakes in the Amazon.
There are so few Berber speakers left in Mauritania.
There are so few things like this.
There are so many anti-smoking campaigns these days; maybe smoking really is a threat to the public order.
There are so many atoms in the universe.
There are so many birds in the area.
There are so many books that I want...what should I do?
There are so many brave people who will forever go unnamed.
There are so many cats over there.
There are so many choices.
There are so many colorful fish in the ocean; blue and orange and purple and green, with stripes and zigzags and dots.
There are so many dictionaries, they take up two shelves.
There are so many different Berber dialects.
There are so many example sentences using "Tom" and "Mike". It's very strange.
There are so many experiences in life that we never dare to explore.
There are so many fine scratches and dents on its surface that it's no use polishing it.
There are so many fine scratches and dents on its surface, it’s no use polishing it.
There are so many goats that some people see flying! What's more, they never land!
There are so many good restaurants in Algiers.
There are so many good shops in Algiers.
There are so many good stores in Algiers.
There are so many houses here.
There are so many interesting things going on.
There are so many languages in the world but there is not any word that can express how much I love you.
There are so many misconceptions about Islam.
There are so many mistakes in this book that the teacher has dubbed it "The Drunkard's Edition".
There are so many mistakes in this book that the teacher has dubbed it "The Drunkard’s Edition".
There are so many mistakes to be made.
There are so many onomatopoeias in Japanese, but I cannot find the one describing short people, or even tall people.
There are so many opportunities in Algiers.
There are so many options...
There are so many people at this concert.
There are so many people here in Tokyo.
There are so many people in the world who are incapable of outgrowing the level of their stomach!
There are so many people who hate Elon Musk now.
There are so many places I want to visit.
There are so many places I'd like to visit.
There are so many places to visit in Algeria.
There are so many possibilities.
There are so many problems with this sentence that I suggest deleting it.
There are so many questions: Do I like myself?
There are so many reasons for you not to get married.
There are so many reasons for you to get married.
There are so many reasons that makes us so unique, as a January 1st Capricorn.
There are so many smug people.
There are so many snakes in this area.
There are so many stars in the sky that I can't count them all.
There are so many stars in the sky, I can't count them all.
There are so many stars in the sky, I can’t count them all.
There are so many stories I've never told you.
There are so many stories that I've never told you.
There are so many syntax errors...
There are so many things I don't know about you.
There are so many things I want to ask.
There are so many things I want to do.
There are so many things I want to say to you.
There are so many things I want to say.
There are so many things I want to tell you.
There are so many things I'd like to do.
There are so many things in life I don't understand.
There are so many things left to be done.
There are so many things that I have to do.
There are so many things that I want to ask.
There are so many things that I want to do.
There are so many things that are off with that that I don't even know which to point out first.
There are so many things that can be shared by a group that has the ability to create what it shares.
There are so many things to do.
There are so many things to know!
There are so many things to tell you that I don't know where to start.
There are so many things to tell you that I don’t know where to start.
There are so many thoughts crossing my mind that it sometimes hurts my brain too much.
There are so many unpleasant things in the world already that there is no use in imagining any more.
There are so many ways to approach this.
There are so many who go to the hospital for treatment and come out of it a dead body!
There are so many.
There are so-called primitive cultures in the jungles of the Amazon and on the island of New Guinea, and there are so-called advanced cultures in Europe, Asia, and Africa, but the languages of these cultures are all equally advanced and complex.
There are societies within societies.
There are soldiers guarding the area around the clock.
There are some Berber words that I don't know.
There are some CDs on the table.
There are some French books over there.
There are some adults who have never been children.
There are some advantages.
There are some aircraft, called gliders, that have no engines at all, but fly just fine.
There are some apples in that box.
There are some apples in the basket.
There are some apples on the table.
There are some bad apples in every birthdate.
There are some bags in the room.
There are some beautiful flowers blooming in the garden.
There are some beautiful parks in this city.
There are some beautiful roses in the vase.
There are some birds that can't fly.
There are some blankets in the boot of the car.
There are some books on Tom's desk.
There are some books on the desk.
There are some books on the shelf.
There are some books on the table.
There are some books that you are looking for that may be found.
There are some boys in the park.
There are some boys under the tree.
There are some breathtakingly beautiful photos in her album.
There are some broken wine bottles in the sink.
There are some brown balls in the red basket.
There are some cases where the rule does not hold good.
There are some cases where this rule does not apply.
There are some cases where this rule doesn't apply.
There are some cat's tracks on the table.
There are some changes that Ziri just can't stop.
There are some changes that we need to make.
There are some changes.
There are some children around the office.
There are some children here.
There are some children in our backyard.
There are some children playing in the park.
There are some children there.
There are some children who don't like apples.
There are some chopsticks on the table.
There are some clothes in the closet.
There are some coconut trees around the crescent-shaped lake.
There are some contradictions.
There are some cookies in the jar.
There are some cookies under the table.
There are some cool-sounding birds around here.
There are some cracks in the basement wall.
There are some crayons on the table.
There are some crazy people out there.
There are some cups on the table.
There are some days when I think I'm going to die from an overdose of satisfaction.
There are some depressions in the road.
There are some details that we don't know yet.
There are some details to iron out.
There are some differences between British English and American English.
There are some differences.
There are some documents you can look at and others you can't.
There are some downsides.
There are some eggs in the basket.
There are some eggs in the box.
There are some eggs in the fridge.
There are some eggs in the refrigerator.
There are some empty bottles in the box.
There are some errors in this report that need to be corrected.
There are some errors in this report that need to be fixed.
There are some exceptions.
There are some extra pencils in the desk drawer.
There are some flies on the wall.
There are some flowers around the castle.
There are some foods that irritate the stomach lining.
There are some foreign workers in my company as well.
There are some forks on the table.
There are some friends who are dearer to me than others.
There are some fruit trees in the garden.
There are some girls over there.
There are some glasses on the table.
There are some good apples in the basket.
There are some good beaches not too far from here.
There are some good marriages, but there are no delicious ones.
There are some grapes in the refrigerator.
There are some hot dogs in the refrigerator.
There are some important questions that science cannot answer.
There are some inconsistencies.
There are some indications of progress.
There are some indications that the reception, which is known for its luxurious dishes, will be a bit more subdued this year.
There are some interesting archaeological sites around the village.
There are some interesting coconut trees around the crescent-shaped lake.
There are some interesting exhibits in the museum.
There are some knives on the table.
There are some leftovers in the fridge.
There are some letters for you on the table.
There are some limitations.
There are some lucky souls in the universe.
There are some magazines here.
There are some magazines in my room.
There are some major problems that need to be fixed in Algeria.
There are some misprints, but all in all, it's a good book.
There are some misprints, but all in all, it’s a good book.
There are some mistakes in this report that need to be corrected.
There are some mistakes in this report that need to be fixed.
There are some mistakes in your translation.
There are some more pencils in the desk drawer.
There are some mugs on the table.
There are some nice apples on sale in that shop.
There are some notebooks on the table.
There are some obscure points in his proposal.
There are some obvious concerns.
There are some of Daumier's works in this museum.
There are some old houses in this street.
There are some old houses on this street.
There are some oranges on the table.
There are some oranges on the tree.
There are some outstanding research institutes here.
There are some pears in the box.
There are some pencils in the desk drawer.
There are some pencils in the drawer.
There are some pencils on my desk.
There are some pencils on the table.
There are some pens on the table.
There are some people I just can't stand.
There are some people I just don't get along with.
There are some people singing in the lobby.
There are some people that I just can't stand.
There are some people that I just don't get along with.
There are some people that you just can't help.
There are some people waiting to see Tom.
There are some people who don't like Tom.
There are some people who enjoy work - in fact, they love to work.
There are some people who hate Tom.
There are some people who hate the idea of the European Community.
There are some people who have all kinds of challenges for whatever reason or another.
There are some people who like the word "tad" a lot.
There are some people who sleep in the daytime and work at night.
There are some people who think it's a bad idea.
There are some people who think that they can't write a novel because they lack the vocabulary.
There are some people you just can't help.
There are some performances that leave one breathless.
There are some phenomena that science can't explain.
There are some phrases that may help you when you need to apologize in English.
There are some pictures on the wall.
There are some police cars parked outside.
There are some pretty flowers in the garden.
There are some priorities in life.
There are some problems with the roof.
There are some problems.
There are some questions I have to ask Tom.
There are some raspberries growing over here.
There are some reasons why the Japanese find it hard to act unlike others.
There are some red lights blinking on the console.
There are some sandwiches here.
There are some sentences here that read like Kremlin propaganda pieces.
There are some sentences you just shouldn't translate.
There are some serious mistakes here.
There are some shops near my house.
There are some signs of hope.
There are some social practices I just don't understand.
There are some songs from Scotland.
There are some spectacular things on that site.
There are some spoons on the table.
There are some squatters living in that dilapidated house.
There are some stores that will discount the price.
There are some stores that'll give you a discount.
There are some strange animals in that zoo.
There are some strange animals in the zoo.
There are some strange rumors going around about Tom.
There are some strawberries in the fridge.
There are some strawberries in the refrigerator.
There are some students in the schoolyard.
There are some talented kids in that group.
There are some tall giraffes at the city zoo.
There are some technical difficulties.
There are some things I can't fix.
There are some things I don't think I can handle.
There are some things I don't understand.
There are some things I want to talk about.
There are some things I want to talk to you about.
There are some things about which I am pondering: Is the potential threat of Artificial Intelligence to humanity just "geek anxiety" or is it real? Is chat with AI like an oracle with psychic influence? There is some "dice-rolling" in the way the AI makes sentences in whatever language. Will AGI or Artificial General Intelligence have psychic attributes, as do some humans? Will a "soul" exist in intelligent machines? I have recollections as a boy: I stirred powdered chocolate in a cup, and the moving powder on the water I imagined to be plate tectonics. I swooped my hand or paper plane in a lush tropical garden and over misty horizontal freezers, as I imagined my hand or paper plane to be a flitting spaceship over an alien planet.
There are some things even you can't buy.
There are some things in this world that can't be explained by words alone.
There are some things in this world that will never come true, no matter how much you wish for them.
There are some things in this world that, no matter how much you wish for them, will never come true.
There are some things money can't buy.
There are some things that I don't understand.
There are some things that I need to buy at the drugstore.
There are some things that I need to fix.
There are some things that are difficult to translate.
There are some things that can't be fixed.
There are some things that cannot be expressed in words.
There are some things that money can't buy.
There are some things that never go out of style, and others that simply never came into style.
There are some things that people like to avoid discussing.
There are some things that shouldn't be done by the book.
There are some things that we are unable to do in our lifetimes.
There are some things that you need to know about Algeria.
There are some things that you should never try doing.
There are some things we can change if we choose to change them.
There are some things we can change if we only try.
There are some things we could have change, but we chose not to.
There are some things we could've change, but we chose not to.
There are some things we could’ve change, but we chose not to.
There are some things we need to discuss.
There are some things we want you to see.
There are some things you can say and some things you can't.
There are some things you can say and some things you can’t.
There are some things you can't control.
There are some things you can't learn from books.
There are some things you have to understand.
There are some things you shouldn't say to Tom.
There are some things you've got to understand.
There are some three hundred kilometres between Milan and Venice.
There are some tomatoes in the refrigerator.
There are some tools with which to do the job easily.
There are some topics you shouldn't discuss with Tom.
There are some towels on the table.
There are some trees that can be reused year after year because they are made of plastic or metal. Or, instead of a tree, some people have a small, sweet-smelling rosemary plant, cut to look like a little Christmas tree.
There are some types of food that give me headaches.
There are some unclear points in his account.
There are some unfamiliar people wandering around the house.
There are some vases on the table.
There are some very common grammar mistakes that even an educated man might make if he isn't paying close enough attention.
There are some very sick people here.
There are some very strange things going on here.
There are some violet tulips between the statue and the fountain.
There are some who don't know me.
There are some who don't see a joke.
There are some who don’t see a joke.
There are some who like it.
There are some who like to eat the hardened crust of rice.
There are some who would consider Tom handsome.
There are some women you just don't want to spend the rest of your life with.
There are sometimes blizzards in Kanazawa.
There are songs that I find degrading as a woman.
There are sparks flying out of the electric socket.
There are speaking animals in all peoples' folklore.
There are special hotels for dogs where you can have your dog rest for the duration of the trip.
There are special hotels for dogs, where you can leave your dog during the holidays.
There are species of dung beetles that are only active at night.
There are speed bumps every couple of houses.
There are spiders everywhere.
There are spiders on the wall.
There are spiders on the walls.
There are spoilers.
There are spots even on the sun.
There are stairs.
There are standard behaviors.
There are stark contrasts between the policies of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican nominee Donald Trump.
There are starving children in Africa.
There are statues in the park.
There are statues inside the garden.
There are stereotypes of Scotland.
There are still 750 000 people who haven't left the city.
There are still a few empty seats.
There are still a few more things that I need to tell you.
There are still a few rooms available.
There are still a few seats available.
There are still a few seats left.
There are still a few seats to be filled.
There are still a few tickets available.
There are still a few tickets left.
There are still a lot of bugs to fix.
There are still a lot of dishes on the table.
There are still a lot of things I don't know about Tom.
There are still a lot of things I have to do.
There are still a lot of things I need to do.
There are still a lot of things I want to do.
There are still a lot of things left to do.
There are still a lot of things that have to be done.
There are still a lot of things that need to be done.
There are still a lot of things to do.
There are still a lot of things to learn.
There are still a lot of unanswered questions.
There are still at least a dozen of what once numbered 55 or more of these large timepieces, weighing up to two tons, perched on cast-iron pedestals or columns on important downtown streets.
There are still barbarous nations.
There are still details we need to know.
There are still empty seats.
There are still good people in the world.
There are still judges in Berlin!
There are still kings in Europe.
There are still large swaths of municipal land left unused.
There are still many cultural differences between East and West Germany.
There are still many people among us who do not want to understand.
There are still many stupid laws that are on the books.
There are still many things left to do.
There are still many things left to learn about the human brain.
There are still many things that need to be changed.
There are still many things to do.
There are still many things we don't know about Neanderthals.
There are still many things we don't know about human biology.
There are still many things we don't know about our universe.
There are still many things we don't know about the Moon.
There are still many things we don't know about the Neanderthals.
There are still many things we don't know about the biology of the human body.
There are still many things we don't know about the construction of the pyramids.
There are still many things we don't know about the effects of vaping.
There are still many things we don't know about the human body.
There are still many things we don't know about the human brain.
There are still many things we don't know about the spirit world.
There are still many things we don't know about the universe.
There are still many things we don't know about the virus.
There are still many things we don't know about these animals.
There are still many things we don't know.
There are still many unanswered questions.
There are still native people in the world who are suffering from oppression.
There are still people who are illiterate.
There are still people who are unable to read.
There are still people who believe that the earth is flat.
There are still people who believe that.
There are still people who believe the earth is flat.
There are still people who can't read.
There are still people who cannot read.
There are still people who don't have running water at home.
There are still people who don't know how to read.
There are still people who live in caves.
There are still people who love eating native rice cakes.
There are still possibilities.
There are still primitive tribes which live in harmony with nature.
There are still problems.
There are still several centimetres of snow left on the ground, here on Lulu Island, this 4th of February of 2025. At home with the view of the bluish grey sky through my bedroom window, I reviewed my Chabacano, Philippine Creole Spanish, on my tablet. I perused a printed book about it, yesterday. I would give myself three stars out of five stars total for my Chabacano skills. I can read it quite well. I like that Chabacano has no verbal conjugation, but just has aspect markers, unlike Spanish. I assign the colour beige to Chabacano. I opine that more people should know it. I trudged in the snow going to Tim Hortons, once in the morning and once in the afternoon. In the morning were Earl Grey tea with oat milk and a roast beef Craveable sandwich. (Earl Grey was Captain Picard's favourite.) In the afternoon was an iced coffee with oat milk and cane sugar. Gurpreet the Indian was the vendor. Corpulent Dominic and his daughter Fiel, Filipinos, were sitting near the bay window overlooking the snowy street. I saw in passing Gary the Cantonese in green camouflage Vietnamese military pants, as I exited the washroom and eventually the café itself. For lunch at home, I had spaghetti with Mexican banana chips and a glass mug of hot lime water. Yesterday, Gary and I discussed horseback riding. I tried it, but I could not control the horse well. Gary lived in earlier years near North Vancouver's stables. He preferred motorcycling, as in Vietnam. I said that I was too "klutzy" for such.
There are still so many questions that need to be answered.
There are still so many questions to ask.
There are still so many unanswered questions.
There are still some clothes on top of my bed. Can you bring those with you?
There are still some dry states in the U.S.
There are still some lights on upstairs.
There are still some loose ends to tie up.
There are still some problems.
There are still some sausages left.
There are still some savage tribes on that island.
There are still some students in the classroom.
There are still some things that Tom needs to do.
There are still some things we need to do.
There are still some tickets left.
There are still some unanswered questions.
There are still things I have to do.
There are still things that I have to do.
There are still things that we need to do.
There are still things we need to do.
There are still things we need to know.
There are still thousands of tons of unexploded ordnance in Germany.
There are still three left.
There are still too many unanswered questions.
There are still two hours until the game starts and he's already sitting in front of the TV. What a fanatic!
There are still two stops left.
There are still uncivilized lands.
There are stores along the street.
There are stores on each side of the street.
There are strange rumors afloat.
There are strange things happening in the woods.
There are strawberries in my bag.
There are streetcars in Berlin.
There are strings attached.
There are stripes on the American flag.
There are stripes only on the sleeves.
There are strong electromagnetic fields here.
There are strong responsibilities for translating and interpreting.
There are students going to school.
There are students in the library.
There are subcultures within cultures.
There are subjects that I avoid.
There are subliminal messages hidden all over Boston.
There are subtle differences between the two pictures.
There are subtle differences between the two things.
There are subtle differences.
There are such shops about.
There are sufficient grounds for believing he is honest.
There are supposed to be a lot of foxes here, but you hardly ever see any.
There are surprisingly many things to do.
There are survivors.
There are sushi restaurants in almost every country in the world.
There are swallows in the spring.
There are swastikas everywhere in India, and there is no hate behind it. Hinduism is much older than Nazism.
There are swift-flowing rivers which dash through jagged cañons; and there are enormous plains, which in winter are white with snow, and in summer are grey with saline alkali dust.
There are tables at the restaurant.
There are tall menhirs at Egil's barrow.
There are teachers and teachers.
There are teachers and then there are teachers.
There are teachers over there.
There are teeth marks on the end of that pencil.
There are temporary traffic lights on York Road.
There are ten boys here.
There are ten cows in the pasture.
There are ten decades in a century.
There are ten exercises in the book.
There are ten houses on this street.
There are ten in total.
There are ten inches of snow all around the cabin.
There are ten of us.
There are ten people here.
There are ten people in this room.
There are ten people living in this house.
There are ten thousand students in this university.
There are ten years in a decade.
There are tennis courts in this park.
There are tensions between Algeria and Morocco.
There are tensions in northern Morocco.
There are the "preppers," so called because they stockpile water, food and other essentials in preparation for civil unrest.
There are the gifts.
There are the presents.
There are the words that make me cry.
There are the “maximizers” who strive to pick the best possible option every time, no matter how minor or important the decision.
There are theatres, museums, libraries and parks in that city.
There are themes that are always present in his books.
There are thieves around.
There are things I can't understand.
There are things I have to do.
There are things I have to know about.
There are things I miss while in lockdown: Dinners out with friends, going to the movies, and attending plays and concerts, for sure.
There are things I must know about.
There are things I need to do.
There are things I want to do.
There are things I'd like to say but to butt in now would be what they call uncouth.
There are things I've got to do.
There are things I’d like to say but to butt in now would be what they call uncouth.
There are things about me you don't know.
There are things in my life I am not proud of.
There are things in the Torah that don't look great to a modern reader, just as there are in the Christian and Muslim scriptures.
There are things in this world which simply cannot be expressed in the form of words.
There are things known and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors of perception.
There are things of which a man is better off being ignorant.
There are things one is born with, and things one has to cultivate.
There are things that I hate more than this.
There are things that I need to do.
There are things that I want to do.
There are things that I want.
There are things that can't be fixed.
There are things that can't be left to chance.
There are things that cannot be left to chance.
There are things that money can't buy.
There are things that no one can answer.
There are things that only intelligence is capable of searching for, but which it itself will never find. These things can only be found by instinct, but it will never search for them.
There are things that please me and things that don’t.
There are things that should not be known before twenty.
There are things that shouldn't be done by the book.
There are things that women will never understand.
There are things that women will never understand...
There are things we can tell others; and other things we can only tell ourselves.
There are things we have to talk about.
There are things you can never make up for.
There are things you can't understand.
There are things you could be doing to solve this problem.
There are things you may not fully comprehend yet.
There are things you need to know.
There are things you're better off not knowing.
There are thirteen items in a baker's dozen.
There are thirteen names in my list.
There are thirty children in the classroom.
There are thirty districts in Izmir.
There are thirty names on my list.
There are thirty names on the list.
There are thirty of us in all.
There are thirty people here.
There are thirty people left.
There are thirty people on board.
There are thirty people on my list.
There are thirty people on the bus.
There are thirty students in my class.
There are thirty students in our class.
There are thirty students in the beginner's group.
There are thirty wounded soldiers waiting to be treated.
There are thirty-five pupils in the class.
There are those who are born lucky and those who are born unlucky.
There are those who argue that the existence of nuclear weapons has helped to maintain peace.
There are those who argue that the key to resolving the website's issues is to set a maximum limit on the number of example sentences that a certain Algerian translator can submit in a day.
There are those who believe in God and those who don't.
There are those who claim that a catastrophe will occur in 2012.
There are those who compare life to a stage.
There are those who distance themselves from sushi without having ever tried it, but there are also a fair number of people who have "Become captive to sushi" having only tried it a few times.
There are those who do no harm.
There are those who eat without being hungry, and then there are those who are hungry and do not even eat.
There are those who know the truth.
There are those who marry just to prevent their wife from marrying another.
There are those who perpetuate predation because they are afraid of becoming poor; there are those who accept poverty because they are afraid of falling into predation.
There are those who search for happiness in the moment.
There are those who think, falsely, that video games are the source of all our ills.
There are those who translate and those who comment. Let's see the results!
There are those who translate and those who fuck shit up.
There are those who wish to hurt Tom.
There are those who would find solace in the end of the world if only they had predicted it.
There are those who'll follow Tom.
There are those, who, in distress, seek the help of other people's prayers, but have no mind to pray for themselves.
There are those, who, in distress, seek the help of other people’s prayers, but have no mind to pray for themselves.
There are thousands of Pastafarians in Ukraine.
There are thousands of languages in the world, but only one is the bridge to all of their speakers.
There are thousands of millions of stars in the universe.
There are thousands of mosques in Algeria.
There are thousands of movies that one must watch before dying.
There are thousands of participants at today's event.
There are thousands of stars in the universe.
There are thousands of taxis in Algiers.
There are three French teachers at this school.
There are three Toms at this school.
There are three Toms in my class.
There are three airports in Paris.
There are three apples in this box.
There are three beauty salons on this street.
There are three bedrooms in our house.
There are three bedrooms, a kitchen, a dining room, a living room, and a bathroom.
There are three bicycles in front of the house.
There are three blue cushions on the sofa.
There are three books on Tom's desk.
There are three boxes on the porch.
There are three boxes on the table.
There are three boys in the yard.
There are three boys with the name Tom in our class.
There are three buttons.
There are three callers waiting to be served before you.
There are three campgrounds in this area.
There are three cars parked in your driveway.
There are three cases where people are not able to do English questions; the first is not being able to read fast.
There are three cats at home.
There are three cats inside.
There are three cats.
There are three children in my family.
There are three children in the swimming pool.
There are three children playing in the park.
There are three cookies left on the plate.
There are three cows in the barn.
There are three cows in the cowshed.
There are three cups and four plates on the table.
There are three days left till Christmas.
There are three different kinds of hulling and separating machines now in operation in California, all invented by California almond growers.
There are three different types of people in the world: those who can count, and those who can't.
There are three different types of people in the world: those who can count, and those who can’t.
There are three dogs in the park.
There are three dogs sleeping on mum's carpet.
There are three empty rooms. However, we can't use any of them.
There are three exceptions.
There are three gates facing east, west, and north.
There are three girls in the class.
There are three glacial fjords in Ireland.
There are three gods.
There are three good things in the world: work, work, and work. And it's a lazy person who tells you that.
There are three health food stores within walking distance of my house.
There are three houses for sale on our block.
There are three hundred applicants for only one position.
There are three hundred pages in this book.
There are three intelligent species on the planet.
There are three issues we need to discuss today.
There are three items on the agenda.
There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics.
There are three kinds of people in the world: those who can count, and those who can't.
There are three kinds of people in the world: those who can count, and those who can’t.
There are three large mobile home parks in this area.
There are three left.
There are three letters in the word ubi.
There are three main sections.
There are three men and two women in this room.
There are three men in my neighborhood who are carpenters.
There are three men in the next room waiting for you.
There are three men trapped in the cave.
There are three men waiting for you on the porch.
There are three men waiting for you outside.
There are three men waiting outside for you.
There are three more books after that.
There are three more books.
There are three more pictures of Tom in another folder.
There are three more things I need to buy.
There are three more things on my list that I need to buy.
There are three more things that I need to buy.
There are three of them.
There are three of us in this house.
There are three of us living in this house.
There are three of us.
There are three old family photos on the table.
There are three options.
There are three patients in the waiting room.
There are three pencils here.
There are three people in the picture.
There are three people in the pool.
There are three people waiting for you in the lobby.
There are three phases in chess: the opening, the middle game and the final.
There are three pianos in Tom's house.
There are three pieces of pies left.
There are three plates on the table.
There are three possibilities.
There are three possible relationships one can have with God: My God, I am God, I am God's. The last one is best because it does not tempt pride.
There are three primary colors.
There are three primary colours and nine secondary colours for a total of twelve colours.
There are three primary colours.
There are three principal breeds of native dogs found in Alaska—the Husky, the Malamute and the Siberian Dog—all descendants of wolves, with wolfish traits and the wolf's warm coat and powers of endurance.
There are three principal tests by which we determine the age of a given set of strata; first, superposition; secondly, mineral character; and, thirdly, organic remains.
There are three printing presses in the workshop.
There are three problems.
There are three requirements to participate.
There are three rooms in the apartment?
There are three roosters and two hens.
There are three sides to every story.
There are three solutions to every problem: accept it, change it or leave it.
There are three solutions to the problem.
There are three stores in the mall.
There are three students with the same name in that class.
There are three suitcases near the door.
There are three survivors.
There are three tables in the storeroom.
There are three things that do not exist in the world: a cover for the sea, a ladder into the sky, a cure for love.
There are three things that won't come back in life: the shot arrow, the uttered word, and the missed chance.
There are three things you can hate eternally: the corners of furniture, rush hour, and the incorrect stress on the word "звонит".
There are three thousand barrels of wine on the ship.
There are three thousand books here.
There are three trees in the yard.
There are three types of a solar eclipse: total, partial, and annular.
There are three types of people who are unlucky: those who don't know but don't ask, those who know but don't teach, and those who teach but don't act.
There are three umbrellas near the door.
There are three unaccounted for.
There are three watermelons in that box.
There are three ways to solve the problem.
There are three ways to win.
There are three windows in my room.
There are three women waiting for you on the porch.
There are three words engraved on the bridge of the plastron of this turtle.
There are thugs in all religions.
There are thunder and lightning.
There are times in everyone's life when you want to live alone.
There are times in our hectic everyday lives when we feel drained of energy.
There are times that we have to leave a job even in the middle of a recession.
There are times when I can't exist without denying everything from my past.
There are times when I feel really sad.
There are times when I feel sad.
There are times when I find you really interesting.
There are times when I just want to explode into a horde of rats and run off into the wilderness.
There are times when I miss her.
There are times when I miss him.
There are times when I miss you, too.
There are times when I miss you.
There are times when I'd like to be more like you.
There are times when Mary sits still for hours and looks at the sea.
There are times when Tom doesn't do that.
There are times when a man must fight.
There are times when a rose is more important than a piece of bread.
There are times when children will lie in order to satisfy their parents' expectations.
There are times when everything goes wrong.
There are times when innocent people get executed.
There are times when knowledge you thought of as useless becomes useful when you least expect it.
There are times when men must fight for their lives.
There are times when people ponder the meaning of life.
There are times when the future seems thick as a fog; you sit and wait, hoping the mists will lift and reveal the right path. But this is a time when the future seems a door you can walk right through into a room called tomorrow.
There are times when we do that.
There are times when we have to hide the truth.
There are times when you have to choose between saving this character and that character.
There are times when you need to fight for what you believe in.
There are times when you need to fight for what's right, even at the risk of your own life.
There are times when you wonder what the point of life is.
There are tons of books that he can download.
There are tons of boys who would love to kiss me.
There are tons of cat photos on the internet.
There are tons of mushrooms in the woods.
There are too many ads on YouTube.
There are too many adverts on youtube.
There are too many arrogant, mocking people. All I can do, for my part, is give them some slack.
There are too many bats here.
There are too many boring people on this site.
There are too many bridges in this city.
There are too many cars and too much traffic.
There are too many cars in the big cities.
There are too many choices.
There are too many clouds to be able to gaze at the eclipse properly.
There are too many codes to remember.
There are too many commercials on TV.
There are too many cows in this field. We'll need to move some of them.
There are too many demonstrative pronouns. To put it bluntly, it couldn't be harder to understand.
There are too many demonstrative pronouns. To put it bluntly, it couldn’t be harder to understand.
There are too many difficulties.
There are too many dogs here.
There are too many doubts.
There are too many economic interests at stake.
There are too many enemies in the south.
There are too many foreigners in this country.
There are too many holes in the ceiling.
There are too many houses around here.
There are too many items in the survey.
There are too many managers and not enough employees.
There are too many men to fight.
There are too many mosquitoes out, so let's head inside.
There are too many mouths to feed.
There are too many near-duplicates for us to can keep track of.
There are too many of them.
There are too many of us to fit into one taxi.
There are too many opponents in the south.
There are too many people here.
There are too many people here. Let's go somewhere else.
There are too many people here. Let’s go somewhere else.
There are too many people in that rowboat.
There are too many people in the park.
There are too many people in this room.
There are too many people on this bus.
There are too many people over there.
There are too many people there.
There are too many places to visit within the short time that we have in Boston.
There are too many problems.
There are too many questions on this questionnaire.
There are too many rules.
There are too many self-important people who do nothing important.
There are too many smokers around here.
There are too many stupid people.
There are too many things here to fit into this suitcase.
There are too many things that need to be done.
There are too many things to do!
There are too many things to do.
There are too many to count.
There are too many to enumerate here.
There are too many tourists here.
There are too many tourists.
There are too many trolls on the Internet.
There are too many typos in that letter.
There are too many unanswered questions.
There are too many victims of police brutality.
There are too many warriors.
There are too many wars in the world.
There are too many weeds.
There are too many zeroes.
There are torches that do not need batteries. Some are charged by shaking them, some by cranking a handle and others by repeatedly pressing a lever.
There are tough penalties for motorists who choose to ignore speed restrictions in school zones.
There are tourniquets in the first aid kit.
There are towns on Haida Gwaii with tall totem poles, some ancient.
There are traceries around each window of old man Simon's house.
There are traces of Romanesque style at the west gate of the cathedral, such as a semi-circular arch.
There are traces of blood here.
There are traditions that one cannot lose.
There are trains daily apart from Sundays.
There are traitors.
There are trams, popularly known as "ding ding trains", that run in the town where I live. We refer to them as "city trams" or "trains".
There are treatment options to look into.
There are tree roots underneath.
There are trees in the grounds of the estate which are hundreds of years old. One of them is now threatening to become a hazard.
There are trees in the park.
There are trees in this forest.
There are trees on both sides of the street.
There are trees on either side of the river.
There are trees on either side.
There are trees on top of the mountain.
There are trees that are over a thousand years old.
There are troubled people looking for a "psychiatrist" on the Web.
There are tulips around the steel building.
There are tulips behind the steel building.
There are tulips in front of the steel building.
There are turtles that are more than two centuries old.
There are turtles that weigh more than 500kg.
There are twelve candles on the birthday cake.
There are twelve counterinsurgents just southeast of the village.
There are twelve half steps in an octave.
There are twelve months in a year.
There are twelve of us in the workplace.
There are twelve pairs of cranial nerves.
There are twelve semitones in an octave.
There are twenty four hours in a day.
There are twenty salespeople in the store.
There are twenty seven pupils in my class.
There are twenty thousand spectators in the bleachers in the stadium.
There are twenty-five pupils in the assembly hall.
There are twenty-five students in that class.
There are twenty-five students in the assembly hall.
There are twenty-four hours in a day.
There are twenty-one people in this room.
There are twenty-seven pupils in my class.
There are twenty-two of us in all.
There are two Arabic teachers in that school.
There are two apples on the table. One apple is mine and the other apple is yours.
There are two balls on the pitch.
There are two bank cards in the wallet.
There are two beds in my room.
There are two big lakes in Sweden.
There are two boats on the lake.
There are two bottles of red wine on this picture.
There are two boxes on the table.
There are two butt-naked children playing on the beach.
There are two cars in his garage.
There are two cars standing in his garage.
There are two categories of verbs in the Uyghur language - primary and auxiliary.
There are two cats hiding under her car.
There are two cats outside the house.
There are two cats sleeping on the bed.
There are two chairs next to the table.
There are two characters in this novel.
There are two chests of drawers in this bedroom.
There are two chickens in the backyard and two in the front yard.
There are two churches in this street.
There are two churches on this street.
There are two contradicting emotions within the human heart. Needless to say, there isn't a person who doesn't feel empathy towards other's misfortunes. However, when you see a person finally able to overcome their misfortunes it is possible to feel a sense of dissatisfaction. To exaggerate a little, it leaves you with a sense that you want to see that person fall into the same misfortune again. Before you know it you unwillingly harbour a sense of hostility towards them.
There are two cows in the village.
There are two cynophiles in my class.
There are two desks in this room.
There are two distinct parts.
There are two distinct systems of shape-note notation: the four-note "fasola" system, and the seven-note "doremi" system.
There are two doctors in his circle of friends, a surgeon and an ophthalmologist.
There are two dogs over there.
There are two doors leading from the room: one to the left, another to the right.
There are two doors one must enter to get inside Felix's apartment.
There are two dressers in this room.
There are two elevators in my office building.
There are two families living in this house.
There are two female cats sleeping on the bed.
There are two fire extinguishers.
There are two girls in the playground.
There are two horses in the paddock.
There are two hundred pages.
There are two hundred people in the room.
There are two independent states within Italy: San Marino and the Vatican City.
There are two irreconcilable camps that hold two different points of view on this issue.
There are two kinds of fox spirits: good fox and bad fox.
There are two kinds of lies, lies with short legs and lies with long noses. Yours, just now, happen to have long noses.
There are two kinds of people in the world, those who understand binary and those who don't understand binary.
There are two kinds of people in the world: Those who do great things, and those who get the glory for it. Try to be the former. There's less competition.
There are two kinds of people in this world: those who divide people into two kinds, and those who don't.
There are two kinds of people in this world: those who divide people up into different groups and those who don't.
There are two kinds of work in the world--head work and hand work; mental and manual.
There are two lines of thought here.
There are two local languages in Leyte: "Waray" and "Cebuano".
There are two main categories of rocket engines; liquid rockets and solid rockets.
There are two main characters in this story.
There are two main rivers in Bangladesh.
There are two major political parties in the United States: the conservative Republican Party, and the liberal Democratic Party.
There are two men and a woman standing next to a tree in the picture.
There are two motorcycles at the gate of the park.
There are two of us living in this house.
There are two okapi in the zoo.
There are two or three pens on the desk.
There are two or three persons with two cars.
There are two pencils on the dining room table.
There are two pencils on the table.
There are two people at home.
There are two people staying in this room.
There are two places vacant in the company.
There are two plates on the table.
There are two points in question.
There are two police officers at door.
There are two possibilities here.
There are two possibilities.
There are two possible explanations.
There are two pounds of butter in the icebox.
There are two rivers in Lyon.
There are two rows of seats.
There are two schools in our village.
There are two sexes: the one I have with your mom, and the one I have with your dad.
There are two sides to each river.
There are two sides to every coin.
There are two sides to every question.
There are two sides to every story.
There are two sides to everything.
There are two sides to it.
There are two sisters who both live in Kyoto.
There are two slices of pizza for each person.
There are two solutions.
There are two staircases in my house.
There are two strangers in front of my house.
There are two strangers walking on the street.
There are two suspects at this time.
There are two swimming pools, several cinemas, markets, shops, everything.
There are two switches on the wall.
There are two things in the world that cannot wait: 1. Filial piety, 2. Doing good.
There are two things in this war that are causing our disillusionment.
There are two things that don't take root in our country: coffee and democracy.
There are two things you never turn down: sex and appearing on television.
There are two thousand books.
There are two types of antigens: A and B.
There are two types of churches; first, spiritual churches concern the people; second, local church, where people meet to worship God.
There are two types of criticism: helpful and destructive.
There are two types of people. Those who like cats and those who don't know what they really like.
There are two types of people: those who know how to write "Libya", and those who don't know that.
There are two types of pianos, namely the grand piano and the upright piano.
There are two types of political correctness which are often conflated and which should be distinguished. There is the political correctness of language, which holds that certain groups should not be referred to by certain words with negative connotations (e.g., ethnic slurs), and there is the political correctness of ideas, which holds that certain ideas should not be discussed. The former is arguably commendable; the latter is harmful.
There are two types of political people: those who acknowledge their political biases, and those who pretend they don't exist.
There are two types of pride.
There are two types of sonar—active and passive.
There are two ways ahead of them.
There are two ways of conquering and subjugating a nation. One uses violence, the other debt.
There are two ways of doing this.
There are two ways of looking at things.
There are two ways of using the infinitive as an adjective, 1. attributive, 2. predicative. Naturally 2. is a subject complement.
There are two ways to castle in chess: long or short.
There are two ways to deal with difficulties: either you change what's difficult, or you change yourself.
There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle.
There are two white swans on the lake.
There are two worlds: one immediately perceptible to the senses, world of appearances, ephemeral shadow of a more concealed one, accessible only through the reason; this is the true and eternal world.
There are two zeroes in "2010".
There are two zeros in the number "2010."
There are two zombies inside my house.
There are unforgettable moments, inexplicable things and incomparable people.
There are universal moral laws.
There are unprecedented protests everywhere in the West.
There are useful insects in the world.
There are usually between two and five lunar eclipses each year.
There are usually cabs in front of the station.
There are usually dropped kerbs at pedestrian crossings.
There are usually never many cars on the road this early in the morning.
There are usually six bottles in a pack of water.
There are usually taxis in front of the train station.
There are usually taxis outside the railway station.
There are usually taxis outside the station.
There are various actions in conversations.
There are various colored chairs in the chocolate shop.
There are various establishments that run our society.
There are various expressions that indicate something is hearsay.
There are various kinds of candy in that bowl.
There are various kinds of coffee.
There are various kinds of tumour, both benign and malignant.
There are various methods to remove English ivy.
There are various objects strewn about.
There are various reasons why a house may be left vacant.
There are various reasons.
There are various types of cereal.
There are various types of tumors – some benign and some malignant.
There are various types of wines and the way they are matured varies accordingly.
There are various ways of enduring the pain.
There are various ways of saying that.
There are various ways to get to Tom's house.
There are various ways to get to her house.
There are various ways to take care of the problem.
There are various ways we could handle this problem.
There are varying explanations.
There are vast gas deposits in Algeria.
There are vegetables and eggs in the refrigerator.
There are verbs that conjugate very irregularly in French. For example, the verb "ouïr".
There are very affluent communities of Algerians in France, Canada, and Spain.
There are very beautiful women.
There are very few Christians in Algeria.
There are very few Native Americans in Managua.
There are very few brick houses in this town.
There are very few cinemas in Algiers.
There are very few electric vehicles in Algeria.
There are very few flea markets left in Algiers.
There are very few forests in Algiers.
There are very few paleoanthropologists.
There are very few pandemics that have lasted this long.
There are very few passengers in the train.
There are very few passengers on the train.
There are very few people who could disable such a sophisticated security system.
There are very few phone booths in this area.
There are very few private hospitals in Algeria.
There are very few sentences in Faroese here. I wonder, why is that so?
There are very few shops and the cinema is awful.
There are very few skyscrapers in Algeria.
There are very few slums in Algiers.
There are very few telephone booths around here.
There are very few websites in native Tartar online.
There are very many initiatives and projects.
There are very many people who read simply to prevent themselves from thinking.
There are very nice houses here.
There are very rare animals in Australia.
There are very sharp writers.
There are very sick people here!
There are violet tulips among the hedges.
There are warm clothes there.
There are wavelengths of light that the human eye cannot perceive.
There are way too many errors in this data.
There are way too many houses in this part of the city.
There are way too many people in this room.
There are way too many people on this island.
There are ways of doing that.
There are ways of reinforcing these old structures to make them safer.
There are ways to improve your approach.
There are ways to make it easier. I'm sure.
There are ways to work around that.
There are ways we can do it.
There are wealthy people here.
There are weather warnings of gale-force winds across the whole country.
There are wheels within wheels.
There are white and gold boxes in the factory.
There are whole cultures where understatement is bred in the bone. In New England one hears as satisfaction: "It's better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick."
There are whole movies to watch on YouTube.
There are wildfires all the time here in Australia.
There are windows on the floor, and doors on the ceiling.
There are wisteria along the garden path.
There are wisterias along the garden path.
There are wolves and there are sheep.
There are wolves in these woods.
There are wolves out there.
There are women for whom nothing is sacred.
There are women to whom we make love, and those, to whom we speak about it.
There are women who find bald men sexy.
There are woods for miles in this area.
There are words in Portuguese that don't have translation or equivalence in other languages like "açaí", "samba" or "guaraná".
There are words that end war. There are words that get you beheaded.
There are words with a grave accent.
There are workers whose only goal is to become exploiters.
There are worse than him.
There are worse things in life than death. Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman?
There are worse things than being alone.
There are worse ways to spend an hour.
There are worse ways to spend your time.
There are wounds that time does not heal.
There are yachts in the harbor.
There are yellow and green boxes in the room.
There are zero Middle English sentences in Tatoeba.
There are “collard greens, sugar cane, bananas, tomato trees (vines), cabbage,” said one gardener, a towering immigrant from the Virgin Islands who uses his Rastafarian name, Makado. He is here most days weeding and watering.
There are, thank God, still people with common sense in this country.
There aren't a lot of cookies left.
There aren't a lot of customers in the store.
There aren't a lot of people like you.
There aren't any Algerians here.
There aren't any Esperanto organizations in Montenegro now.
There aren't any articles in Russian.
There aren't any bathrooms in this building.
There aren't any blue hedgehogs, Tom.
There aren't any books in French in the library.
There aren't any books in German here. We'll have to go to another shop, one in the city centre. Maybe we'll find something there.
There aren't any books on the shelf.
There aren't any books under the desk.
There aren't any bullets in this pistol.
There aren't any cats here.
There aren't any chairs in this room.
There aren't any children here.
There aren't any clouds today.
There aren't any eggs in the refrigerator.
There aren't any fish in this lake.
There aren't any fish in this pond.
There aren't any fish living in this river anymore.
There aren't any flowers here.
There aren't any foxes here.
There aren't any good composers nowadays.
There aren't any good psych wards around here.
There aren't any good restaurants around here.
There aren't any houses on this section of road.
There aren't any hyenas in this area of Algeria.
There aren't any internal borders.
There aren't any jobs!
There aren't any jobs! And, if there were, they wouldn't give 'em to me.
There aren't any medicines that can cure this disease.
There aren't any more buses back to Aberystwyth tonight.
There aren't any more comments.
There aren't any more new episodes.
There aren't any more perks now.
There aren't any more tickets.
There aren't any musicians in my family.
There aren't any names in the lineup on the show's website.
There aren't any options left.
There aren't any other options.
There aren't any pictures or photographs on the walls.
There aren't any pictures, but you can't have everything.
There aren't any problems.
There aren't any restaurants around here.
There aren't any restrooms in this building.
There aren't any roses in the garden.
There aren't any rules.
There aren't any rumors about Tom.
There aren't any rumors about you.
There aren't any rumours about Tom.
There aren't any rumours about you.
There aren't any schools in this town.
There aren't any seats left.
There aren't any signs Tom has been here.
There aren't any signs that Tom has been here.
There aren't any spare parts for this record player any more, I'm afraid.
There aren't any spiders that have wings.
There aren't any stores near my house.
There aren't any tables in the room.
There aren't any trams in our city.
There aren't any villages on the island.
There aren't any.
There aren't apes that could throw rocks like that.
There aren't as many trains at night.
There aren't enough Romanian sentences in our database.
There aren't enough banana trees.
There aren't enough bushes.
There aren't enough chairs in the conference room.
There aren't enough computers for every student.
There aren't enough foreigners in this country.
There aren't enough funds.
There aren't enough of us.
There aren't enough outlets in this apartment.
There aren't enough people like you.
There aren't enough people!
There aren't enough regulations.
There aren't many Algerians living there.
There aren't many Jews left in the Jewish Autonomous Oblast.
There aren't many Muslims in New Zealand.
There aren't many blokes that nice!
There aren't many books on the shelf.
There aren't many books on the shelves.
There aren't many books on these bookshelves.
There aren't many books on these shelves.
There aren't many cars on the road.
There aren't many countries that Tom hasn't visited.
There aren't many customers in the restaurant.
There aren't many evil people, but they are very dedicated.
There aren't many foreign tourists in Algiers.
There aren't many foreigners living in Algiers.
There aren't many girls in our group.
There aren't many good tunes coming out nowadays.
There aren't many houses around the area.
There aren't many jobs available.
There aren't many known ruins from this civilization.
There aren't many languages like that.
There aren't many left.
There aren't many like Mohend.
There aren't many men like Tom.
There aren't many men like you.
There aren't many options.
There aren't many passengers on the train.
There aren't many people here yet.
There aren't many people here.
There aren't many people in the park today.
There aren't many people in this village who can speak French.
There aren't many people like Tom.
There aren't many people like you.
There aren't many people that can do that.
There aren't many people who can do that.
There aren't many people who like doing this.
There aren't many people who tell the truth, but he's one of them.
There aren't many qualities that are true of all life on Earth, but the need for water is one of them.
There aren't many recreational activities in my town.
There aren't many shops around here.
There aren't many stores near where I live.
There aren't many students who can read Latin.
There aren't many tall buildings in this area.
There aren't many trees in my neighborhood.
There aren't many trees in this neighborhood.
There aren't many trees near my house.
There aren't many women here.
There aren't many.
There aren't only nice people in the world.
There aren't really any rules.
There aren't so many gays here.
There aren't so many places in the world that are as temperate and so often sunny as where I live.
There aren't supposed to be any men in this house.
There aren't that many nonprofit organizations in my country.
There aren't that many nonprofits in my country.
There aren't that many synagogues in this city.
There aren't that many.
There aren't too many books, just too few bookshelves.
There aren't too many shops around here.
There aren't usually many people there.
There aren't usually this many people here.
There aren't very many apples left.
There aren’t any chairs in this room.
There aren’t any fish living in this river anymore.
There aren’t any signs that Tom has been here.
There aren’t many blokes that nice!
There aren’t many good tunes coming out nowadays.
There aren’t many students who can read Latin.
There aren’t supposed to be any men in this house.
There arose a new phenomenon: mass tourism.
There at our neighbour Barb's, cutting rhododendron flowers, is Linda. Linda was born in a barn in the province of Alberta. She now lives with the Chans in a Spanish mansion. She says that her father was half-Cree. I say, "You're part-Native? I can see it in you! You're a real Canadian! You should be proud!"
There barely were children in the classroom.
There be dragons.
There be wild hogs, of a surety, and monstrous wild cats that climb like monkeys, and see in the dark, and will pounce on a man and carry him off afore he can twink an eyelid.
There being no glass left in the windows, he decided to board them up. This admittedly restricted the view, but it was warm to make up for it.
There being no taxis available, we walked home.
There being no taxis, I had to walk.
There being no train, we had to walk all the way.
There being no vacant seat in the bus, I kept on standing.
There being no vacant seats on the bus, I was kept standing all the way to the station.
There being nothing else to do, we went for a drive.
There below lies Germany, which was formerly covered by a very dense network of railways and canals.
There but for the grace of God go I.
There came a complete silence. You could hear a pin drop.
There came a loud knock on the on the front door.
There came a man who was sent from God; his name was John.
There came frequently too a troop of migrating Rats, who gave descriptions of their travels, while Magpies and Ravens told legends and tales of marvel that made one shudder.
There came to Japan a foreigner.
There can be a contextualization during interviews.
There can be a difference in our beliefs.
There can be a lack of consensus on various matters.
There can be a silver lining in the cloud and we are going to take it.
There can be but one victor.
There can be confusion.
There can be dangers.
There can be disagreements between us.
There can be more than one correct answer.
There can be no compromise.
There can be no daily democracy without daily citizenship.
There can be no doubt about their marriage.
There can be no doubt about this, either.
There can be no doubt that it is most desirable to disseminate knowledge of the truths of political economy through all classes of the population by any means which may be available.
There can be no doubt whatever about it.
There can be no enduring peace in the Middle East as long as Washington's neocons continue to run US foreign policy.
There can be no fairer cause for my tears.
There can be no friendship without trust.
There can be no great accomplishment without risk.
There can be no greater wonder in the world than this kiss you gave me now.
There can be no human society without conflict.
There can be no joy in that idle life.
There can be no justification for harming a child.
There can be no keener revelation of a society's soul than the way in which it treats its children.
There can be no limit in bed.
There can be no more fitting time to enjoy eating a barbecue than in the summer time.
There can be no peace as long as hunger and want are found among millions of working people and the few who make up the employing class have all the good things of life.
There can be no peace if national policy adopts as a deliberate instrument the dispersion all over the world of millions of helpless and persecuted wanderers with no place to lay their heads.
There can be no people who have gone through as many hardships this century as the Jews.
There can be no possible excuse.
There can be no practical auxiliary language in modern times which does not make use in one way or another of the existing international vocabulary.
There can be no real and effective "freedom" in a society based on the power of money, in a society in which the masses of working people live in poverty and the handful of rich live like parasites.
There can be no redemption without repentance.
There can be no relief without pain.
There can be no two ways about it.
There can be no wonder in the world that compares to a kiss from you, my dear.
There can be only one boss.
There can be only one explanation for it.
There can be only one explanation for that.
There can be only one explanation.
There can be only one interpretation.
There can be only one president in this country.
There can be only one queen in the hive.
There can be only one victor.
There can be only one winner.
There can be only one.
There can be peace in this house.
There can be terms that are difficult to translate.
There can be walls without a roof, but no roof without walls.
There can hardly be a more boring person than Tom.
There can never be a sentence that has too many translations.
There can never be peace without justice.
There can only be one victor.
There can only be one winner.
There can only be one world champion. The question is: Who will it be?
There can only be one zodiac sign that can proudly stands and sits on the first place of the best zodiac sign podium and it's actually Capricorn.
There can't be a direct war between Israel and Iran.
There can't be a girl who is waiting for me to appear.
There can't be life without music.
There cannot be a crisis today; my schedule is already full.
There cannot be a single item omitted from this list.
There cannot be any tea left in the pot.
There cannot be life without the sun.
There cannot be progress without communication.
There can’t be a girl who is waiting for me to appear.
There comes a final point in everyone's lives at some point and death will leave nobody behind and will sweep everyone's lives away.
There comes a point when you wonder what's left to write about.
There comes a time when we think everything has come to an end. That moment right there is the beginning.
There comes our teacher.
There comes our teacher. He is walking very slowly.
There comes the bus.
There comes the train.
There continue to be mosquitos.
There could be a failure to answer.
There could be a gas leak at our home.
There could be a kernel of truth behind this legend.
There could be aliens on the Internet and no one would know.
There could be an invisible, inaudible, intangible dragon next to you right now.
There could be another bomb.
There could be consequences.
There could be differing views on multiple subjects.
There could be many uses for such a diminutive flying vehicle.
There could be more people under the snow.
There could be no compromise.
There could be no doubt as to who the man was.
There could be no doubt regarding which group the man belonged to.
There could be no doubt that Beddington had obtained entrance by pretending that he had left something behind him, and having murdered the watchman, rapidly rifled the large safe, and then made off with his booty.
There could be no doubt that that circlet of plain gold had once adorned the finger of a bride.
There could be no more comprehensive and compelling document than that.
There could be time travelers on the Internet trying to influence discourse to bring about the future they want.
There could be traffic.
There could have been a serious accident on the stairs while you were carrying boiling-hot stew up them.
There could not have been a greater contrast between brother and sister.
There could still be wildcats in this area of Algeria.
There couldn’t be a more ideal solution than that.
There didn't seem to be a problem.
There didn't seem to be anything.
There does exist a difference between these two alternatives.
There does not exist any person with truly perfect command over a language, even their native language.
There does not seem to be any difference of meaning between the two constructions.
There doesn't need to be malice for it to be abuse.
There doesn't seem any difference of meaning between the two constructions.
There doesn't seem to be a problem.
There doesn't seem to be any consensus on this.
There doesn't seem to be any heating on that ward.
There doesn't seem to be any heating on the ward.
There doesn't seem to be any money left.
There doesn't seem to be any seats left.
There doesn't seem to be anybody inside the house.
There doesn't seem to be anybody inside.
There doesn't seem to be anyone around.
There doesn't seem to be anyone home.
There doesn't seem to be anyone living around here.
There doesn't seem to be anything wrong with Tom.
There doesn't seem to be consensus on this among speakers.
There doesn't seem to be consensus on this.
There doesn't seem to be much intelligent life in the universe. What we have on this planet is precious.
There doesn’t seem any difference of meaning between the two constructions.
There doesn’t seem to be anyone living around here.
There don't seem to be any problems.
There don't seem to be any serious problems.
There don't seem to be many people here.
There exist individuals who don't hurt others.
There exist no published studies on this matter.
There exist numerous theories about the origins of life.
There exist several stars which are larger than our Sun.
There exist supernatural beings.
There exist various replicas of the Statue of Liberty scattered around the world.
There existed in his bosom two contradictory passions—a desire to revenge the death of his father, strangely qualified by admiration of his enemy's daughter.
There exists a beautiful, colorful species of turkey in the YucatÃ¡n Peninsula called the "ocellated turkey," or "el pavo ocelado."
There exists a beautiful, colorful species of turkey in the Yucatán Peninsula called the "ocellated turkey," or "el pavo ocelado."
There exists a fine line between helpful and destructive fears. But there is a line. Our job is to find it and walk it.
There exists a relief for every trouble.
There exists a theory according to which, one day, someone will discover with precision the ultimate reason for the universe. This will disappear just as quickly and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There exists another theory where this has already taken place.
There exists a world that I want to protect.
There exists alcohol-free "glögg."
There exists an enormous difference between the two theories.
There exists more flying animals without feathers than with.
There exists only one option now.
There exists only one possibility now.
There exists robots that are programmed to deactivate bombs.
There followed a lively debate.
There followed a long silence.
There followed a prolonged silence.
There go the twelve bars blues.
There go thirty dollars up in smoke.
There goes Tom with his tomfoolery again.
There goes Tom.
There goes a hot little number across the street.
There goes a wonderful coach over there.
There goes another man to torture in hell.
There goes my class teacher.
There goes my good pair of jeans!
There goes my last chance.
There goes my last opportunity.
There goes my weekend.
There goes our bus.
There goes our bus. Now we'll have to walk.
There goes our bus. Now we’ll have to walk.
There goes the bell.
There goes the neighborhood.
There goes your ride.
There had been a daughter, I heard, but she had died of diphtheria while on a visit to Birmingham.
There had been a hint of mystery about him which had appealed to her imagination.
There had been an accident and the traffic wasn't moving a millimeter.
There had better be a good reason for this.
There had never been a conflict between Dan and Linda.
There had never been any ill-feeling between them until that night.
There had never been any passion or romance in our marriage.
There had to be at least fifty people in there.
There happened to be a train accident early that morning.
There has a ring of falsehood in his story.
There has always been climate change.
There has always been war and there always will be.
There has been a case of death in her family.
There has been a case of death in his family.
There has been a case of death in your family.
There has been a change in outlook among all parties.
There has been a change of plans.
There has been a compromise.
There has been a considerable increase in oil prices.
There has been a cultural shift in how people think and talk about depression and suicide in the past few decades, which has increased reporting.
There has been a decrease in the number of reported crimes, but the evidence indicates that this is unrelated to the change in the government's policies.
There has been a delay.
There has been a discursive shift on this topic in recent years.
There has been a drought for a long time.
There has been a good apple harvest this year.
There has been a good relationship between the neighbors for a long time; they often help each other.
There has been a huge decline in mental health in the West.
There has been a large increase in trade between the United States and China.
There has been a little confusion of names.
There has been a little mistake.
There has been a lot of disagreement about exactly how many bytes are in a kilobyte.
There has been a lot of sickness in my family this winter.
There has been a lot of stress at work lately.
There has been a lot of talk about the UK's role in the EU lately. First, the backbenchers ' rebellion in the House of Commons, then Cameron's attempts to define EU policy (aiming at a “repatriation of powers”) and now a Labour debate on how to deal with Europe.
There has been a massive redistribution of wealth since 1980.
There has been a plane crash in those mountains.
There has been a rapid increase in the population here.
There has been a rash of burglaries in my neighborhood.
There has been a report of a gunman on campus.
There has been a shift in opinion among all parties.
There has been a shooting in Las Vegas.
There has been a significant increase of religious radicalism in Algeria.
There has been a spate of thefts in our area recently.
There has been a terrible earthquake in Tokyo.
There has been ample opportunity to observe that once agreement on the best possible vocabulary for an auxiliary language is assured, diversities of opinion in regard to grammatical problems lead to nothing more than parallel variants of one general language.
There has been an accident at the site.
There has been an accident at the worksite.
There has been an accident.
There has been an alteration in our plans.
There has been an attack at the subway station.
There has been an explosive increase in the demand for labor.
There has been an increase in the mining of silica sand in the American state of Illinois.
There has been an increase in the number of murders.
There has been an increase in the number of traffic accidents.
There has been an outpouring of bipartisan support for Republican Senator John McCain, after he was diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer.
There has been another case of cholera in the neighborhood.
There has been enough suffering, death and destruction. Let it end now.
There has been frustration.
There has been good progress.
There has been hyena activity in the area.
There has been more debate in Congress about the effectiveness of sexual abstinence versus use of condoms in the global fight against AIDS.
There has been more interest in clever words than in the real problems.
There has been no Halloween "trick or treat" for over a decade in my part of Lulu Island. Many non-Westerners live here.
There has been no conclusive proof regarding extra-sensory perception.
There has been no general food distribution in these camps since mid May and people are surviving on cassava foraged in the surrounding bush.
There has been no rain for two months.
There has been no rain for two weeks.
There has been no rain here for the past two weeks.
There has been pressure.
There has been progress made.
There has been progress.
There has been renewed interest in exploring the moon in recent years.
There has been some change.
There has been some leakage behind the bathtub.
There has been too much hurt to save the friendship.
There has been vandalism.
There has got to be an explanation.
There has never been a balloon here.
There has never been a communist country. Communism is a classless society.
There has never been a mortgage crisis in Algeria.
There has never been a nation that was not eventually destroyed.
There has never been a savior nor an immortal emperor to rely on.
There has never been an age that did not applaud the past and lament the present.
There has never been monoculturalism without oppression.
There has probably been a mistake.
There has to be a bare minimum of rules to keep language understandable, but anything beyond that should be optional.
There has to be a better way to do that.
There has to be a better way to do this.
There has to be a catch.
There has to be a change.
There has to be a door somewhere around here.
There has to be a first time for everything.
There has to be a key.
There has to be a path towards a diplomatic solution.
There has to be a reason why this is happening.
There has to be a reason.
There has to be a satisfactory solution to the problem.
There has to be a solution.
There has to be a term for everything.
There has to be a way to cross the river.
There has to be a way to solve this.
There has to be a way, some way, that we can make things right.
There has to be a way.
There has to be an explanation for this.
There has to be an explanation.
There has to be an interpretation of the text.
There has to be another explanation for it.
There has to be another way to do that.
There has to be another way to do this.
There has to be more to the story than that.
There has to be some other explanation.
There has to be some scientific explanation for that.
There has to be something else we can do.
There has to be something here.
There has to be something that I can do.
There has to be something that you can do.
There has to be something we can do.
There hasn't been a cross word between us.
There hasn't been a customer in over an hour.
There hasn't been a drop of rain in two weeks.
There hasn't been a lot to eat lately.
There hasn't been an elf in here in generations.
There hasn't been an elf in this town since my grandfather was young.
There hasn't been any rain for a very long time.
There hasn't been any rain for the past three months.
There hasn't been any rain for three weeks.
There hasn't been any rain for two months.
There hasn't been much to eat lately.
There hasn't been too much to eat lately.
There hasn't been very much to eat lately.
There hasn’t been any rain for the past three months.
There have always been corrupt people in government.
There have always been fashionable faces and expressions which marked an epoch.
There have been a few exceptions.
There have been a lot of airplane accidents recently.
There have been a lot of clothes lately that fit tightly and I don't like it. I prefer clothes with a loose design.
There have been a lot of clothes lately that fit tightly and I don’t like it. I prefer clothes with a loose design.
There have been a lot of complaints about kids skateboarding in front of the school.
There have been a lot of complaints about that policy.
There have been a lot of complaints about the high prices at the pumps.
There have been a lot of complaints about the lack of police protection.
There have been a lot of complaints about the way Tom behaves.
There have been a lot of complaints about your behavior.
There have been a lot of complaints from consumers that our products don't last as long as we claim.
There have been a lot of complaints from consumers that our products don’t last as long as we claim.
There have been a lot of complaints from students about the amount of homework that Mr. Jackson gives.
There have been a lot of complaints in the last few days about the amount of noise coming from your apartment.
There have been a lot of complaints recently about drivers not obeying the speed limits in downtown Boston.
There have been a lot of earthquakes lately, haven't there?
There have been a lot of fatal accidents lately, no?
There have been a lot of mass killings under capitalist regimes.
There have been a lot of problems.
There have been a number of Marxist-Leninist countries. Marxism-Leninism has never been synonymous with socialism.
There have been allegations.
There have been an increasing number of books and articles praising Lysenko, "part of a disturbing pro-Lysenko movement, which is accompanied by a growing sympathy for Stalin," a group of Russian and German scientists noted in a recent article for the journal Current Biology.
There have been calls to defund the police for years now.
There have been complaints saying that users waited for a long time before receiving assistance.
There have been exceptions.
There have been fewer leaflets recently.
There have been four break-ins in this neighborhood in the last six months.
There have been great changes in the international situation.
There have been hitches.
There have been injuries.
There have been inroads against ever growing urban illumination. The International Dark Sky Association in Tucson, Arizona, a group that claims 3,600 members in more than 70 countries, says efforts to curb excess light are under way from the Australian Outback to Britain's Sherwood Forest. In the Czech Republic, an anti-air pollution law also fights light pollution by requiring shielded fixtures to block upward beams. Laws have also been enacted in Chile, thanks to persuasive astronomers who staff the three big observatories there.
There have been less and less young people who watch TV.
There have been many accessions to the party.
There have been many accidents at that intersection.
There have been many accidents at this intersection.
There have been many attacks by molesters lately. Please try to walk on bright and well-frequented roads as much as possible.
There have been many attempts to poison Tom.
There have been many cases of cholera this year.
There have been many complaints over the past few days about the amount of noise coming from your flat.
There have been many dropouts recently.
There have been many genocides in history, but the most famous (or infamous) is that perpetrated by the Nazis.
There have been many other women in Yanni's life.
There have been many reports about the 'brain drain' sapping the intellectual strength of developing countries by drawing the best and the brightest to higher paying jobs abroad.
There have been many revolutions over the last century, but perhaps none as significant as the longevity revolution.
There have been many uprises in the history of this town.
There have been moments during the last ten years when I have fell so portentously old, so fagged and finished, that I should have taken as a very bad joke any intimation that this present sense of juvenility was still in store for me.
There have been no arrests so far.
There have been no deaths reported since an antivenom was developed in the early 1980s.
There have been no more reported deaths.
There have been no problems so far.
There have been no reports of casualties.
There have been no reports of injuries.
There have been no setbacks.
There have been numerous complaints from pupils about the amount of homework Mr Jackson sets.
There have been previous attempts to end the conflict, but regional experts say the new peace overtures look promising.
There have been reports of several power outages.
There have been reports the event might be canceled.
There have been several UFO sightings in this forest.
There have been several cases of infantile paralysis.
There have been several new developments in electronics.
There have been several other interdisciplinary studies.
There have been some changes.
There have been some complications.
There have been some good, all-day rains here in central Texas lately, and they have replenished stock ponds and restored moisture to the soil so it can produce grass. Scott says this gives him hope.
There have been some stories in the news about pets attacking their owners.
There have been student requests for gender-inclusive bathrooms for several years.
There have been successes.
There have been weeks of protests across Morocco.
There have probably been discussions on the topic.
There haven't been any accidents recently.
There haven't been any accidents yet.
There haven't been any arrests.
There haven't been any problems so far.
There haven't been many movies like this recently.
There he appointed him ordinances, and judgments, and there he proved him, saying: If thou wilt hear the voice of the Lord thy God, and do what is right before him, and obey his commandments, and keep all his precepts, none of the evils that I laid upon Egypt, will I bring upon thee: for I am the Lord thy healer.
There he comes.
There he continued his studies and work in various professions.
There he fell asleep, and while he slept, his wooden feet began to burn. Slowly, very slowly, they blackened and turned to ashes.
There he goes again with his wacky ideas.
There he goes!
There he is in front of the house.
There he is!
There he is, he has come!
There he is, the man of the hour.
There he is.
There he is. Do you see him?
There he is. His name is Yanni.
There he remained.
There he sat and worked away all the year round, making dolls, and soldiers, and Noah’s arks, and witches, and every other sort of toy you can think of.
There he was, standing at the side of the car, with his arms crossed over his chest and a wry smile on his face.
There he will give his opinion and the summary of the novel and the debate that follows.
There he'll live during the winter, and after that time he'll travel to Bahia.
There in glad haste I trace the wished-for town, / and call the walls "Pergamea", and cheer / my comrades, glorying in the name well-known, / the castled keep to raise, and guard the loved hearth-stone.
There in the darkness, she reflected on her life.
There is Laura Lyons. Her initials are L. L.
There is Mr James who they say is the richest man in the village.
There is Philoctetes, the Spartan, a grim, black-bearded man in the prime of life, who won the dolichos at the last Olympiad.
There is Tokyo.
There is Ziri.
There is a 21-day quarantine for people suspected of having contracted the Ebola virus.
There is a 25 euro supplement for the high speed AVE train.
There is a 30-page summary of this report for decision makers.
There is a Berber language version of this document.
There is a Berber translation of the Quran.
There is a Buddhist Revival movement in India, which is heavily Hindu.
There is a Catholic church very near here.
There is a God.
There is a Japanese saying that goes: The nail that protrudes is hammered.
There is a Mr Ito who wants to see you.
There is a Mr. Kimura on the line for you.
There is a Muslim community in Guyana.
There is a Muslim village there.
There is a Picasso on the wall.
There is a TV in this room.
There is a TV remote control under the couch.
There is a Tanaka in my class, too.
There is a Tuareg uprising in Mali.
There is a UN plan to end Morocco's occupation of Western Sahara.
There is a baby in my stomach. Why? Because I ate it.
There is a bad smell coming from your feet.
There is a bad smell in the meeting room.
There is a bag on the desk.
There is a bank in front of the hotel.
There is a bank in front of the station.
There is a bargain sale at that store.
There is a basket full of bananas on the counter.
There is a basket under the table.
There is a bathroom here.
There is a bear in the yard.
There is a beautiful bridge over the pond.
There is a beautiful girl on the paper.
There is a beautiful girl playing the role.
There is a beautiful monastery over there.
There is a beautiful museum in my hometown.
There is a beautiful park in the center of the town.
There is a beautiful park near my home.
There is a beautiful view from here.
There is a beautiful walk along the river.
There is a bench in front of the train station.
There is a bench on the balcony.
There is a bench under the tree.
There is a better way.
There is a big Algerian diaspora in the UK.
There is a big age difference between us.
There is a big cobweb in the corner.
There is a big crystal in his room.
There is a big difference between Algeria and Egypt.
There is a big difference between a clear sky and a rainy sky.
There is a big difference between learning a language in order to understand or to say something if needed, and wanting to acquire a second language in order to command it freely, almost like you command your first language, your mother tongue.
There is a big difference in being able to speak a language well, and being able to speak a language fluently.
There is a big difference.
There is a big fire in Luis's garden.
There is a big garden behind the house.
There is a big hole in your stocking.
There is a big lake in Honfleur, near Paris.
There is a big market for coffee.
There is a big movement today to recycle trash.
There is a big park near my school.
There is a big park near our school.
There is a big park next to my house.
There is a big problem as far as opinion polls are concerned.
There is a big run in your stockings.
There is a big sofa in the living room.
There is a big stack of mail on the table.
There is a big supermarket in my neighborhood.
There is a big tree in front of my house.
There is a biogeographic boundary between the eastern part and the western part of Indonesia.
There is a bird feeder in our backyard.
There is a bird here.
There is a bird in the sky.
There is a bird on top of that tree over there.
There is a birth in the family.
There is a biscuit underneath the table.
There is a bit of whisky in this bottle.
There is a black BMW parked in front of your house.
There is a black sheep in every flock.
There is a blank space in front of the first letter of this sentence that should be removed.
There is a blockage in this pipe, preventing water from entering it.
There is a blue umbrella stand by the office entrance.
There is a body buried underneath the Sakura tree! This is something you should believe. Why? Can you really fathom how such wondrous flowers are blooming? I have been uneasy for the last two or three days because I really can't believe it. But now I finally understand. There is a body buried underneath the tree. That is something you can believe.
There is a bomb in the plane!
There is a bomb in the room.
There is a bomb on board.
There is a book about Islam in the library.
There is a book about dancing on the desk.
There is a book and a notebook on the desk.
There is a book here.
There is a book on dancing on the desk.
There is a book on the desk.
There is a book on the table.
There is a bookstore across from my house.
There is a bookstore in front of my house.
There is a bookstore in front of the department store.
There is a bookstore just around the corner.
There is a bookstore just ’round the corner.
There is a border between America and Mexico.
There is a border between the United States and Mexico.
There is a bottle in the fridge.
There is a bottle in the refrigerator.
There is a bottle of it in the refrigerator.
There is a bottle of olive oil in the refrigerator.
There is a bottle of wine on the table.
There is a bowler hat on the table.
There is a box.
There is a boy in this room.
There is a boy near the door.
There is a boy that has been asking about you.
There is a boy.
There is a bridge about one kilometer up this river.
There is a bridge across the river.
There is a bridge of love between Algeria and Tunisia.
There is a bridge over the gap where the river used to be.
There is a bridge over the pond.
There is a bridge that runs across the dam.
There is a bridge two miles upstream.
There is a broad street near my house.
There is a bus every 20 minutes.
There is a bus every fifteen minutes.
There is a bus on the street.
There is a bus stop down the road.
There is a bus stop near a nursing home in Cologne. No bus ever stops there. It's created for the purpose of finding mental patients on the run more easily.
There is a bus stop near by.
There is a bus stop near our school.
There is a bus stop opposite our school.
There is a bus stop there.
There is a butterfly in the kitchen.
There is a cable car to take you from El Hamma to the Martyrs' Memorial of Algiers.
There is a cafe on the second floor.
There is a cafeteria in the university.
There is a café on the second floor.
There is a call for more support for families when their child is excluded from school.
There is a call for you.
There is a camera mounted on the TV.
There is a camera on the table.
There is a canceled seat available on the next flight.
There is a car in front of the building.
There is a car in front of the church.
There is a car stuck in the mud.
There is a card on the desk.
There is a casanova in my jar.
There is a castle in my town.
There is a castle in the background of the picture.
There is a cat five meters from the tree.
There is a cat in the kitchen.
There is a cat in the meeting room.
There is a cat in this room.
There is a cat lying on the table.
There is a cat on fire in my pants!
There is a cat on my table.
There is a cat on the bed.
There is a cat on the chair.
There is a cat on the table.
There is a cat sitting on the chair.
There is a cat trapped inside the car.
There is a cat under the bed.
There is a cat under the desk.
There is a cat under the table.
There is a cat.
There is a centipede in the bathroom.
There is a centipede in the kitchen.
There is a certain age, for a woman, when she has to be beautiful so that she may be loved, and then comes the age when she must be loved so that she may be beautiful.
There is a certain amount of truth in what he's saying.
There is a certain amount of truth in what he’s saying.
There is a certain pleasure in pointing out other people's errors.
There is a certain pleasure in pointing out other people’s errors.
There is a chair beneath the tree.
There is a chair in the room.
There is a chance of rain overnight.
There is a chance of severe storms tonight.
There is a chance that he will correct his ways because reason is the guiding principle of his life.
There is a chance that he will pass the exam.
There is a chapel on the hill.
There is a cherry tree in front of my house.
There is a children's playroom. You can take your child there.
There is a chronic oversupply of rice in Japan.
There is a church across the street.
There is a church at the back of my house.
There is a church beside my house.
There is a church near my house.
There is a church near the house.
There is a claim that Lenin was secretly a Baptist.
There is a claim that climate terorism is the main cause of global warming.
There is a class of misguided individuals who devote themselves to preventing emotional offense rather than solving physical problems.
There is a clear and bright sun out today, which makes me happy.
There is a clear line of sight between me and her right now.
There is a clock on the wall.
There is a coffee shop over there.
There is a coffee table in the room.
There is a cold war between Algeria and Morocco.
There is a comment card left at each table in the cafe. Replenishing? I need massive amounts of coffee just to breathe!
There is a communal kitchen in the dormitory.
There is a community of thought between them.
There is a computer on the table.
There is a concert next Sunday.
There is a concerted effort by the powerful to scuttle all social media sites that people use to organize against them.
There is a conference going on in the next room.
There is a conflict taking place in Western Sahara.
There is a connection between smoking and lung cancer.
There is a conspiracy against us.
There is a constant flow of traffic on this road.
There is a constant perception of carnal joy as spiritual.
There is a continuation.
There is a cookie under the table.
There is a cornucopia of programming languages out there.
There is a cottage beyond the bridge.
There is a couch in the room.
There is a cow in the village.
There is a cow there.
There is a crack in the glass.
There is a crate under the table.
There is a crater on the Moon named after Albert Einstein.
There is a crazy amount of packaging on this product.
There is a creator behind all this universe.
There is a critter lurking under this rock.
There is a crowd of people in front of the town hall.
There is a crowd of people on the street.
There is a crowd of women around Tom.
There is a crumb in his beard.
There is a cul-de-sac at the end of the road.
There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there always has been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that "my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge."
There is a cup on the table.
There is a cure for everything except for death.
There is a cure.
There is a curfew in effect from dusk to dawn.
There is a curious crowd on both sides of the avenue.
There is a curious story about an Englishman.
There is a custom of eating buckwheat noodles on New Year's Eve in Japan.
There is a custom of eating buckwheat noodles on New Year’s Eve in Japan.
There is a custom of eating rice cakes for New Year's in Japan.
There is a custom of eating rice cakes for New Year’s in Japan.
There is a customer car park.
There is a dance at the French House next Friday.
There is a danger of serious injury if these precautions are not followed.
There is a dangerous animal on the loose.
There is a dangerous dog in town.
There is a dangerous tendency gaining ground of slurring over vital things because the settlement of them involves great difficulty, and may involve great danger; but whatever the issue is we must face it.
There is a darkness.
There is a dead cat in there.
There is a dead dog in there.
There is a dead guy in there.
There is a dead man in there.
There is a dead mouse in there.
There is a dead raccoon in there.
There is a dead rat in there.
There is a dead wasp in that fig.
There is a dearth of available medical personnel to administer vaccines.
There is a dearth of information as to Tom Jackson's brother John.
There is a dearth of sentences involving the word "dearth" on Tatoeba.
There is a death in the family.
There is a deception in what he said.
There is a declared state of emergency.
There is a deep rivalry between Algeria and Morocco.
There is a definite time to return the book.
There is a delicious dessert waiting for you in the fridge.
There is a demon inside of me.
There is a dense growth of vines in this forest.
There is a dense population of young people around here.
There is a desk in a corner of the room.
There is a desk in the corner of the room.
There is a desk in this room.
There is a dictionary on the desk.
There is a dictionary on the table.
There is a difference between bacteria and viruses.
There is a difference between being generous and being stupid.
There is a difference between depression and sadness.
There is a difference between genocide and ethnic cleansing.
There is a difference between hard and soft drugs, although there is also confusion as to where the line is drawn.
There is a difference between heaths and heathers.
There is a difference between listening and waiting for your turn to speak.
There is a difference between optimism and toxic positivity.
There is a difference in tone between the Quran and the Bible.
There is a difference.
There is a dildo hidden under her bed.
There is a direct flight from Tokyo to London.
There is a discrepancy of 145 dollars in my June credit card statement.
There is a disproportionate number of girls in the class.
There is a distance of four fingers between the eyes and the ears.
There is a distance of four fingers' breadth between truth and lie.
There is a ditch on each side of the road.
There is a dividing wall that separates the stairway from the living room.
There is a dog barking nearby.
There is a dog in this room.
There is a dog in your swimming pool.
There is a dog lying on the street.
There is a dog on the bridge.
There is a dog under the table.
There is a dog!
There is a doll in the box.
There is a downhill after every uphill.
There is a downside.
There is a dragonfly on the ceiling.
There is a draught in here.
There is a drought in Algeria.
There is a faculty which Horace Walpole named "serendipity," — the luck of falling on just the literary document which one wants at the moment.
There is a faint knocking at the door.
There is a fairly small number of students at this university.
There is a fan on the desk.
There is a fantastic view from the top of that tree.
There is a fantastic view here.
There is a fault in the electrical system.
There is a fax machine on the table.
There is a feeling of harmony here.
There is a feeling of harmony here. It’s a sacred place.
There is a fence about the house.
There is a fence around the house.
There is a fence marking the boundary between our yard and the neighbor's.
There is a fence marking the boundary between our yard and the neighbor’s.
There is a festival at the cities center.
There is a feud between Ziri and Rima.
There is a fine line between love and hate.
There is a fine line between speech that is terse and to the point and speech that is too abrupt.
There is a fine line here.
There is a fine park near my house.
There is a fine view from our balcony.
There is a fish for every hook.
There is a fixed standard in the king's principles.
There is a fixed standard in the king’s principles.
There is a florist nearby.
There is a flower on the table.
There is a flower shop near by.
There is a fly buzzing in front of the fish shop.
There is a fly in here.
There is a fly in the coffee.
There is a fly on the ceiling.
There is a forest behind the house.
There is a fork here.
There is a fork missing.
There is a fork.
There is a foul odor in the air.
There is a fountain in front of the station.
There is a fountain on the market place in front of the town hall.
There is a free bus from the station to the mall.
There is a free cocktail party going on, but the only catch is you’ll need to get to the comet Lovejoy to partake.
There is a free shuttle bus to the hotel.
There is a friendly atmosphere in the office.
There is a full dazzling sun out today.
There is a full grown bear in camp.
There is a full moon out tonight.
There is a full moon tonight.
There is a full stop missing.
There is a full sun out today, the sun is shining so bright today.
There is a fundamental difference between your opinion and mine.
There is a gap in perspective between man and woman on home management.
There is a garden at the back of my house.
There is a garden at the back of our house.
There is a garden behind my house.
There is a garden behind our house.
There is a garden behind the house.
There is a garden by the side of your house.
There is a garden in front of the house.
There is a gargantuan spider in the bathroom.
There is a gas pipeline that extends between Algeria and Spain.
There is a gas station and a mosque there.
There is a gas station one kilometer ahead.
There is a generation gap between them.
There is a generation missing that has not learned it.
There is a gentleman to see you.
There is a giant statue in the square.
There is a girl in this room.
There is a girl reading under a tree.
There is a glass on the table.
There is a glass sculpture in the garden.
There is a glass there.
There is a global problem of comprehension.
There is a global push to find an effective treatment for the new coronavirus.
There is a goddess.
There is a gold coin.
There is a golf course in Algiers.
There is a good argument for dismissing him.
There is a good argument for dismissing you.
There is a good argument for that decision.
There is a good chance of him having a girlfriend.
There is a good chance of success.
There is a good chance that gasoline prices will go up.
There is a good chance that he will win.
There is a good chance that taxes will increase.
There is a good explanation.
There is a good market for these articles.
There is a good museum in my city.
There is a good museum in my town.
There is a good number of problems for which the Karush-Kuhn-Tucker conditions are insufficient to guarantee optimality, but this doesn't change the fact that these conditions are an indispensable tool for doing optimization.
There is a good number of problems for which the Karush-Kuhn-Tucker conditions are insufficient to guarantee optimality, but this doesn’t change the fact that these conditions are an indispensable tool for doing optimization.
There is a good reason why the cucumber is used as the epitome of cool.
There is a good relationship between management and employees, which improves the workplace atmosphere.
There is a good restaurant in front of the station.
There is a good shop in front of the station.
There is a good store in front of the station.
There is a gradual cline of decreasing size to the northward.
There is a grain of truth in everything.
There is a great conflict between religion and science.
There is a great contrast between city life and country life.
There is a great deal of traffic on this road.
There is a great demand for gasoline.
There is a great demand for petrol.
There is a great difference between boys and girls.
There is a great difference between liberty and license.
There is a great diversity of different pea soups.
There is a great market for rice in Japan.
There is a great park next to my house.
There is a great variety of food in Algeria.
There is a green button under this input box where in I state a new statement.
There is a grocery store here.
There is a group of men out looking for Tom right now.
There is a group of people who don't agree.
There is a group of users on the website who are of the opinion that all the issues of the website can be magically solved by imposing a limit on the daily contributions of example sentences by an Algerian translator.
There is a growing number of people who prefer a virtual life online than a real life offline.
There is a growing trend in religious conservatism in Algeria.
There is a growing trend in religious intolerance in Algeria.
There is a gulf between our opinions.
There is a hair in my mouth.
There is a hair in my soup.
There is a hair stuck to this soap.
There is a half empty bottle of wine in the fridge.
There is a hardware store not far from here.
There is a hat underneath the bridge.
There is a heated debate about the number of people who speak Esperanto. Some think it's in the millions, others think it's in the thousands.
There is a heavy tax on tobacco.
There is a helipad on the roof of the hospital.
There is a herd of dozens of elephants blocking the way.
There is a high chance of precipitation.
There is a high concentration of grizzly bears in this area.
There is a high demand for infrastructure in Algeria.
There is a high density of giraffes in this area.
There is a high probability that we won't survive.
There is a highly dubious award for particularly dog-hating acts.
There is a hole in Jon's sock.
There is a hole in his sock.
There is a hole in the sack.
There is a hole in the window.
There is a hole in your sock.
There is a hole right there.
There is a horse nearby; I can just tell.
There is a hospital in the town.
There is a hospital nearby.
There is a hospital not far from here.
There is a hostel two kilometers from the station.
There is a hotdog restaurant next door to the hotel.
There is a house across the stream.
There is a house being built not far from us.
There is a house next to the sea.
There is a house on the hill.
There is a house party tonight.
There is a howdah on the horse and a saddle on the elephant.
There is a huge arch over the road.
There is a huge difference in size between Yanni and Skura.
There is a huge fire up there.
There is a huge gap between word and deed.
There is a huge need for that.
There is a huge puddle here.
There is a huge range of chess computers on the market, for players of all levels.
There is a hut at the back of our house.
There is a hut below the bridge.
There is a hyena in the area.
There is a jumble sale on Saturday in the Church Hall.
There is a kanji test every day at school.
There is a kernel of truth in what Tom is saying.
There is a kernel of truth in what he's saying.
There is a key on the desk.
There is a killer among us.
There is a kind of idealism which says that if you just do your best, you will be able to do anything, regardless of intelligence or physical strength.
There is a kindergarten at the other end of the street.
There is a kitchen garden behind my house.
There is a kite flying above the tree.
There is a knife here.
There is a knife missing.
There is a knife.
There is a knock at the door.
There is a labor shortage of computer programmers.
There is a lack not only of money but also of will to take decisions and implement them.
There is a lack of communication between the young and the old.
There is a lack of help among people.
There is a lack of long-term vision for Europe.
There is a lack of political freedom in Morocco.
There is a lack of social housing in Paris.
There is a lack of transparency here.
There is a lack of transparency in Algeria.
There is a lack of workers.
There is a lady downstairs who wants to speak to you.
There is a lake in front of my house.
There is a lake on the east of the village.
There is a lamp on the ceiling.
There is a laptop on the table.
There is a large Algerian community in Canada.
There is a large Muslim community in Thailand.
There is a large Russian community in Israel.
There is a large age difference between us.
There is a large aquarium in the waiting room.
There is a large cabinet for clothing in the corner of the room.
There is a large choice of bags in this shop.
There is a large fly in the room.
There is a large garden at the back of his house.
There is a large hole in the wall.
There is a large house on the hill.
There is a large hyena population living in this area.
There is a large lake near our town.
There is a large mirror above the sink in the bathroom.
There is a large mirror hanging on the wall.
There is a large number of Muslims in Sri Lanka.
There is a large parking lot in front of the city hall.
There is a large parking lot in front of the station.
There is a large patch of mugwort along the back side of the parking lot.
There is a large pile of rubble where the school building used to be.
There is a large population of Muslims in India.
There is a large population of giraffes in Kenya.
There is a large river near our town.
There is a large round lake near the village.
There is a large rust hole there.
There is a large supermarket.
There is a large temperature difference between day and night during this period of time.
There is a law against dropping litter but it is rarely enforced.
There is a law against dropping litter, but it's rarely enforced.
There is a law against it.
There is a law: striving to know in order to live will inevitably become a striving to live in order to know.
There is a layer of resin here.
There is a layer of super glue here that you need to clean off.
There is a leak in the roof.
There is a leap of logic in what he says.
There is a legend about how the bridge was built.
There is a letter for you.
There is a letter on the desk.
There is a letter on the table.
There is a library at the back of that tall building.
There is a library in every city in America.
There is a library in every city in the United States.
There is a library in our city.
There is a lid for every pot.
There is a likelihood that he fleeced the market and fled.
There is a likelihood that we won't be attending the party.
There is a limit of two pieces of luggage for each passenger.
There is a limit to everything.
There is a limit to how much one can tolerate.
There is a limit to how much time I can spend working on the computer.
There is a line at the ticket office.
There is a little boy walking with his dog.
There is a little chill in the air.
There is a little hallway with two doors.
There is a little hope that he will succeed.
There is a little milk in the bottle.
There is a little milk in the glass.
There is a little milk left in the bottle.
There is a little money in the bag.
There is a little spider on your shoulder.
There is a little sugar in the bag.
There is a little time before the train departs.
There is a little water in the bottle.
There is a little water in the cup.
There is a little water in the glass.
There is a little water left.
There is a little wine left in the bottom of the glass.
There is a logical explanation.
There is a long line of planes waiting to use the runway.
There is a long path from desire to realization.
There is a long wait between trains.
There is a long way from oil dependence to a renewable energy society.
There is a long way to go to get to the village.
There is a look of appeal on her sad face.
There is a lot I can't do until tomorrow.
There is a lot I cannot say with words.
There is a lot at stake here.
There is a lot at stake.
There is a lot left to do.
There is a lot more I wish I could say.
There is a lot of anger in the world today.
There is a lot of chaos and confusion at the site.
There is a lot of concern this week about fires in Greenland as part of the unusual spike in Arctic blazes.
There is a lot of corruption in Algeria.
There is a lot of crime in big cities.
There is a lot of danger in walking around here at night.
There is a lot of distrust and resentment between Algeria and Morocco.
There is a lot of dust in the attic.
There is a lot of filler, but not much substance, in this essay.
There is a lot of food and bottles of wine on the table.
There is a lot of food in the larder.
There is a lot of food left.
There is a lot of friction between Yanni and Rima.
There is a lot of frozen water below the surface of Mars.
There is a lot of fruit in the store. The choice is large.
There is a lot of furniture in his room.
There is a lot of furniture in this room.
There is a lot of garbage around us.
There is a lot of garbage on the streets.
There is a lot of instability in Libya.
There is a lot of literature on this subject.
There is a lot of logic in the Quran.
There is a lot of milk in the jar.
There is a lot of money.
There is a lot of old chewing gum stuck to the sidewalk.
There is a lot of pink in their brain.
There is a lot of pollution in this city.
There is a lot of pressure on women to be thin.
There is a lot of rubbish on the streets.
There is a lot of smoke.
There is a lot of snow in Chamonix in the winter and people go skiing there.
There is a lot of snow on the roof.
There is a lot of strategy in the game of Go. It may be seen as a great battle between two armies.
There is a lot of stuff in this small space.
There is a lot of sunshine in Algeria.
There is a lot of tension in the grocery store.
There is a lot of things to look forward to.
There is a lot of trade between Algeria and China.
There is a lot of traffic in Algiers.
There is a lot of traffic in this area.
There is a lot of traffic on that street.
There is a lot of traffic today.
There is a lot of water behind the dam.
There is a lot of work at this time.
There is a lot of work to do.
There is a lot of work today.
There is a lot that is happening right now.
There is a lot to do every day.
There is a lot to do in Algeria.
There is a lot to do.
There is a lot to explore in the area.
There is a lot to put together.
There is a lot to say about Algeria.
There is a lovely country; it stands with wide beeches near a salty eastern beach, near a salty eastern beach. It winds through rolling hills, its name is old Denmark, and it is Freja’s hall, and it is Freja’s hall! Our old Denmark must remain as long as the beech mirrors its top in the blue waves, its top in the blue waves.
There is a low hill near the sea.
There is a lower sales tax on food.
There is a lunar eclipse.
There is a madam here.
There is a mailbox somewhere along this street.
There is a man and a woman.
There is a man at the door who wants to see you.
There is a man at the door.
There is a man at the gate who wants to see you.
There is a man by the side of the pond.
There is a man in the garden.
There is a man in this room.
There is a man kneeling over something on the floor.
There is a man trapped underneath.
There is a man waiting for you at the door.
There is a man whistling.
There is a man working on the farm.
There is a map on the desk.
There is a map on the table.
There is a map on the wall.
There is a marina in Sidi Fredj.
There is a marked difference between them.
There is a market for everything in Algeria.
There is a market in the town.
There is a mass of dark clouds in the sky.
There is a massive crisis building financially in the US.
There is a math competition in town.
There is a matter that we would like to discuss urgently regarding club activities, so please come to the staff room.
There is a meeting tomorrow.
There is a melon on the table.
There is a merchant for every product.
There is a message for you.
There is a method to this madness.
There is a metro in Kazan.
There is a metro in the capital.
There is a military base near here.
There is a million dollars in that bag.
There is a mistake in her composition.
There is a mistake in the bill.
There is a mistake in the sentence.
There is a mistake in this sentence.
There is a mistake.
There is a misunderstanding.
There is a mixed feeling about the BDS movement.
There is a monster out there.
There is a monster under my bed.
There is a monument in front of the museum.
There is a monument in the center of the city.
There is a more expeditious way we could be doing this.
There is a mosque in every Kabyle village.
There is a mosque nearby.
There is a mosque right there.
There is a mosque there.
There is a mouse under the bed.
There is a movement afoot and nobody is noticing it.
There is a movement against Japanese goods in that country.
There is a museum here.
There is a museum just north of the zoo.
There is a mysterious cycle in human events. To some generations much is given. Of other generations much is expected.
There is a mysterious legend surrounding this lake.
There is a mystery about her.
There is a naked man in Layla's room.
There is a naked man in the changing room.
There is a napkin missing.
There is a narrow path running along by the cliff.
There is a narrow path running along the cliff.
There is a need for that.
There is a need to develop more renewable energy sources.
There is a new Cult of Scientism, a dogmatic circle jerk of intellectual bullies who insist the only "science" that's true is their own selected brand of corporate-sponsored science.
There is a new coronavirus variant.
There is a new course coming online that we are developing now.
There is a new flu bug going around.
There is a new mechanical surgeon, equipped with two tiny pincers 1.8 millimeters in diameter, which is delicate enough to perform eye operations with more accuracy than human hands.
There is a new prefectural decree.
There is a new round of negotiations.
There is a new store down the street that is going to open the day after tomorrow.
There is a new survey.
There is a newspaper in my room.
There is a nice fig up there. Can you get to it?
There is a nice park in the center of the town.
There is a nice park nearby. Do you want to go there?
There is a nice view from our balcony.
There is a night shift.
There is a one-year guarantee on this toaster.
There is a page missing from this report.
There is a page missing.
There is a painting on the wall.
There is a pair of scissors on the desk.
There is a pair of worn red stockings in the drawer.
There is a pandemic on the mainland.
There is a park across that crosswalk.
There is a park behind the movie theater.
There is a park in front of my house.
There is a park in the middle of the city.
There is a park near my house.
There is a park next to my house.
There is a parking lot behind the theater.
There is a path through the fields.
There is a path through the wood.
There is a pea in my right nostril.
There is a pedestrian zone around the cathedral.
There is a pen between the apple and the book.
There is a pen on the desk.
There is a pen.
There is a period at the beginning of the sentence that shouldn't be there.
There is a person Gavius, who, after I had offered him a post as prefect at Brutus’ request, said and did a good deal to disparage me.
There is a person outside our tent.
There is a pharmacy near my house.
There is a philosophical branch of Buddhism, and a religious one, and in each of them several tendencies have developed.
There is a phone call for Skura.
There is a photo of Tom on Mary's desk.
There is a physical reality, but we must be skeptical of our knowledge of it.
There is a piano in the room.
There is a picture of Yanni at the police station.
There is a picture of his own painting.
There is a picture on the wall.
There is a picture that he himself drew.
There is a pie for each of us.
There is a piece of good news for you.
There is a pike in the pond.
There is a pile of rubble where the building used to be.
There is a piranha in that jungle river.
There is a pizza on the table.
There is a place for Tom here.
There is a place for dreams in Algeria.
There is a place for everyone in the world.
There is a place for everything.
There is a place in my heart just for you.
There is a place in this world where we cannot and must not set foot. Knowing of this existence, to accept it and show it the greatest reverence is the first step to belief.
There is a place not far off from here where we can use the phone.
There is a plan of treatment at the end of the included leaflet.
There is a plan to restrict the use of cars in the city center.
There is a plan to restrict the use of cars in the city centre.
There is a plane above the church.
There is a playground in our neighborhood.
There is a pleasure in the pathless woods, there is a rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar; I love not man the less, but Nature more.
There is a plethora of Berber tribes that live in North Africa.
There is a plethora of adverbs of frequency in my language.
There is a police car parked outside our house.
There is a police station in the center of town.
There is a police station right around the block.
There is a policeman at the gate of the house.
There is a political party in Japan that would sell out its own country.
There is a political party which is a traitor to the country in Japan.
There is a pond in the middle of the park.
There is a portrait of Bob on the wall.
There is a portrait of Tom Jackson on the wall.
There is a position available for a secretary.
There is a possibility it will snow tonight.
There is a possibility of a currency crisis such as that of the former Zimbabwe dollar.
There is a possibility of my getting killed.
There is a possibility that I may go to the United States next year.
There is a possibility that Tom is in the garden.
There is a possibility that it will snow tonight.
There is a possibility that we won't have to shut down the factory.
There is a possibility we won't have to shut down the factory.
There is a possibility.
There is a post office at the end of the street.
There is a post office close by.
There is a post office in front of my house.
There is a post office in front of the station.
There is a power vacuum in northern Mali.
There is a predator that's lurking around.
There is a preferential price for unemployed people and the elderly.
There is a presumption that any group, anywhere, should be able to reach any overseas location with the new technologies.
There is a pretty lake in the park.
There is a prevailing belief among certain Western individuals that their Western culture is universally superior to all others.
There is a price for always getting what you want.
There is a problem with my account.
There is a problem with my computer!
There is a problem with my order.
There is a problem with the computer.
There is a problem with your order.
There is a problem.
There is a proof that God exists.
There is a proverb that goes "time is money", but there is another one that goes "money can't buy you time".
There is a public telephone on that corner.
There is a purse on the table.
There is a quarrel between two countries and they're digging trenches.
There is a quite old vine at Maribor.
There is a radio in my room.
There is a radio on the table.
There is a rainbow in the east.
There is a rapid increase in shops struggling in the depression.
There is a rapid increase in world population.
There is a ray of hope for humanity after all.
There is a ray of hope for humanity afterall.
There is a real fireplace in our living room.
There is a really good restaurant just off the beach that I think you'd enjoy.
There is a reason Ziri stays away from girls.
There is a reason that everybody hates Tom.
There is a reason to be late this morning.
There is a red rose in the pot.
There is a red rose in the vase.
There is a relatively low level of crime in Algeria.
There is a remedy for everything except death.
There is a remedy for everything.
There is a reservoir near my house.
There is a restaurant in this building.
There is a restaurant near here.
There is a restaurant on the top floor.
There is a restaurant three hundred meters away.
There is a revolution coming. It will not be like revolutions of the past. It will originate with the individual and with culture, and it will change the political structure only as its final act. It will not require violence to succeed, and it cannot be successfully resisted by violence. It is now spreading with amazing rapidity, and already our laws, institutions and social structure are changing in consequence. It promises a higher reason, a more human community, and a new and liberated individual. Its ultimate creation will be a new and enduring wholeness and beauty — a renewed relationship of man to himself, to other men, to society, to nature, and to the land. This is the revolution of the new generation.
There is a reward if you help find their missing dog.
There is a right of appeal and review against this judgement.
There is a right time for everything.
There is a right-wing politician speaking right now.
There is a rising middle class in Algeria.
There is a risk of rain tomorrow.
There is a risk that it may become stormy.
There is a risk.
There is a river beside the house.
There is a river between Saitama and Chiba.
There is a road closure up ahead.
There is a rock in my shoe.
There is a rock quarry just north of town.
There is a room where children play. You can take your child there.
There is a root growing here.
There is a rope bridge over the river.
There is a rotating restaurant at the top of this tower.
There is a rule concerning the use of knives and forks.
There is a ruling now.
There is a rumor about that he is going to resign.
There is a rumor that John and Sue will get married.
There is a rumor that gold has been found in the valley.
There is a rumor that he has resigned.
There is a rumor that she got married.
There is a rumor that the radicals are plotting against the government.
There is a saying in our language: "It takes a thief to catch a thief."
There is a saying, that "Those who don't understand UNIX are condemned to reinvent it, poorly". If one looks at the Linux desktop, one will realise, that it's also true for desktop operating systems.
There is a saying, that "Those who don’t understand UNIX are condemned to reinvent it, poorly". If one looks at the Linux desktop, one will realise, that it’s also true for desktop operating systems.
There is a saying: cabbage soup and porridge are our food.
There is a scandal about him.
There is a scheme to expand the company.
There is a school down the mountain.
There is a school for the Muslim community.
There is a school in this building.
There is a school near my house.
There is a scorpion on Yanni's leg.
There is a seamy side to everything.
There is a second way to define the Gabriel-Roiter measure which may be more intuitive.
There is a secret base on the other side of the moon.
There is a secret passageway in my mind leading to my childhood.
There is a secret song you can play to get to the Ice Chasm early. What is that song? That's for you to figure out!
There is a select group of videographers that enters some of America's more dangerous neighborhoods to document and tell the stories of the people who live there. These are gangland neighborhoods in places like Chicago, Los Angeles, even Fort Worth, Texas. Shawn Cotton is one of these documentarians.
There is a sense of responsibility for the future.
There is a serious lack of language teachers in Tel Aviv.
There is a serious problem.
There is a serious water shortage.
There is a seven-spot ladybird on the table.
There is a severe shortage of water in this city, so we must give up having a bath occasionally.
There is a sewing machine and an ironing board in the room where Tom used to sleep.
There is a share taxi in front of the hotel.
There is a shared knowledge.
There is a shared language.
There is a shining sun out today, the day has been bright and hot all day long today.
There is a shop in front of my house.
There is a shopping area nearby.
There is a shopping district underground.
There is a short program of local news on the radio.
There is a shortage of assistance among people.
There is a shortage of good building wood.
There is a shortage of money in Brian's wallet and bank account.
There is a shortage of money in Brian’s wallet and bank account.
There is a shortage of teachers in the education sector.
There is a shortage of water in the summer in the village.
There is a shortcut to the finish line here.
There is a show tomorrow.
There is a shrine atop the mountain.
There is a shuttle bus that goes to the Ginza Tokyu Hotel.
There is a sign in the window.
There is a significant Algerian community in Canada.
There is a silver lining to every dark cloud!
There is a simpler method.
There is a single vaccine against TB, but its effectiveness in adults is limited.
There is a skeleton in every closet.
There is a sleuth under us.
There is a slight chill on the party.
There is a slight problem.
There is a slug and a beetle partaking in sexual relations in my yard; they'll end up dead shortly.
There is a small Algerian community in that German town.
There is a small Muslim minority there.
There is a small brown dog under that table.
There is a small chance that he will succeed.
There is a small chest at the foot of the bed.
There is a small coffee shop in our neighborhood.
There is a small garden in front of my house.
There is a small pack of jackals living in the area.
There is a small path over there.
There is a small pond here.
There is a small pond in back of my house.
There is a small pond in our garden.
There is a small pond in the court.
There is a small population of giraffes in this area.
There is a small scratch on each pillar.
There is a small teacup and an egg on the table.
There is a small tourist industry.
There is a small village out there.
There is a smile on her face now.
There is a smoke cloud over the province.
There is a soccer stadium in the city where I live.
There is a sofa in the room.
There is a solution though.
There is a solution to every problem.
There is a someone standing at the door.
There is a song called "Purple Rain," and there is a wine called "Purple Reign."
There is a sort of linguistic supersessionism prevalent among ideological proponents of Modern Hebrew, who see it as having taken the place of Yiddish, Ladino, Judeo-Arabic, and others.
There is a sort of neo-classical renaissance.
There is a special delivery for Ziri.
There is a spelling mistake in this word.
There is a spider around here.
There is a spider crawling up there.
There is a spider on your arm.
There is a spirit nearby.
There is a spoon here.
There is a spoon missing.
There is a spoon.
There is a stack of letters on the table.
There is a start signal.
There is a station in the center of the city.
There is a statue in town dedicated to Elias.
There is a statue of Admiral Nelson in Trafalgar Square.
There is a statue of Nelson in Trafalgar Square.
There is a statue of Tom Jackson in the square.
There is a statue of the teacher in front of the school.
There is a statue of the teacher near the school.
There is a steelworks beside the river.
There is a stereotype of opera singers as being fat.
There is a stone in my shoe.
There is a storm on the horizon.
There is a storm.
There is a straight path that leads you to the village.
There is a straightforward formula for solving a quadratic equation.
There is a strange man at the door.
There is a strange man in front of the house.
There is a strange-looking mark on the wall.
There is a stranger in front of the house.
There is a stranger in the meeting room.
There is a street in Copenhagen with a very strange name.
There is a strict hierarchy here.
There is a strike.
There is a strong anti-nuclear movement in Germany.
There is a strong bond between the brothers.
There is a strong bond of affection between them.
There is a strong chance it will happen once more.
There is a strong correlation in the United States between the adoption of a policy and the degree to which it is desired by elites, but a very weak correlation as far as the wishes of ordinary voters are concerned.
There is a strong feeling in favour of cowardly and prudential proverbs.
There is a strong link between smoking and lung cancer.
There is a strong presumption against its truth.
There is a strong wind blowing outside.
There is a substantial difference between the language he uses and that used by those around him.
There is a substantial difference!
There is a subtle difference between eroticism and pornography.
There is a subtle difference between the two words.
There is a subway in the capital.
There is a sunflower field near the train station.
There is a surprise.
There is a suspension bridge ahead of us.
There is a swallow called tajuqjuqt, perhaps because of its piercing, shrill cry.
There is a swan in the water there.
There is a swimming pool and a big sports centre.
There is a table in the corner of the room.
There is a table in the studio.
There is a tall man in the classroom.
There is a tall tree in front of my house.
There is a taxi stand near the station.
There is a tea towel over there to dry the dishes.
There is a tearoom at the front. Come, we'll drink a cup of bilberry tea!
There is a telephone booth at the corner of the street.
There is a television in my room.
There is a television in the room.
There is a television in this room.
There is a tendency for Japanese to want to know a certain amount of personal information about someone such as age, position and whether they are married or not, before they feel comfortable talking with a stranger.
There is a tendency for people to think that hang gliding is dangerous.
There is a tendency to utilize underground space for the less ornamental purposes of civilization.
There is a terrible draught in this room.
There is a terrible stigma against these people.
There is a test tomorrow.
There is a theatre in our town.
There is a theory that states that white people inhabited ancient China.
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. – There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
There is a thin line between love and hate.
There is a thing that I don't understand.
There is a thing that just doesn't add up.
There is a thing that lives in a place where it does all its stuff.
There is a threat of a storm.
There is a threat of rain in the dark sky.
There is a threat of war.
There is a throbbing pain in my leg.
There is a time and place for everything.
There is a time for all things.
There is a time for everything.
There is a time for many words, and there is also a time for sleep.
There is a time for peace and a time for war.
There is a time for war and a time for peace.
There is a time to speak and a time to be silent.
There is a tinge of red in the eastern sky.
There is a toilet on the fourth floor, too.
There is a tornado warning in the area.
There is a tourist information centre on the ground floor of the building.
There is a tourist office near the hotel.
There is a town in Mexico that's called "La Chingada". But sometimes I wonder about people's randomness.
There is a toy shop in the neighborhood.
There is a trace on the table.
There is a traffic jam on the highway.
There is a traffic jam.
There is a trail that goes through the forest.
There is a train at 10 o'clock.
There is a training camp with the club.
There is a translation into Berber available.
There is a tree in my backyard.
There is a tree.
There is a triangular mirror at that cafe over there.
There is a trickster god.
There is a twenty minute delay.
There is a unique smell after summer rain.
There is a university in Rome.
There is a vase on the table.
There is a vast difference between being able to make oneself understood in English and mastering the English language perfectly.
There is a very affluent Algerian community in France.
There is a very fine line from love to hate.
There is a very large Gujarati diaspora in Canada.
There is a very old temple in the town.
There is a very serious problem here.
There is a very short period within which we can act.
There is a very strict rule forbidding smoking in bed.
There is a village about three kilometers up the river from here.
There is a village between the river and the hill.
There is a village beyond the hill.
There is a village over the mountain.
There is a vision of the future world in his books.
There is a war in Libya.
There is a war raging.
There is a wardrobe in the room.
There is a water crisis in Crimea.
There is a water mill above the bridge.
There is a waterfall above the bridge.
There is a watermelon on top of your head.
There is a way Tom can win.
There is a way we could do that.
There is a way.
There is a way. We just have to find it.
There is a website called Tatoeba.
There is a white dove on the roof.
There is a white line in the middle of the road.
There is a white liquid in the large bottle.
There is a white pigeon on the roof.
There is a whole lot waiting for me.
There is a wide gap in the opinions between the two students.
There is a widespread opinion that all study of the mode of oratory is unmanly, and leads to the substitution of artifice and adornment for simplicity and power.
There is a wild dog here.
There is a windmill on the hill.
There is a window above the bed.
There is a window in the closet.
There is a window on your left.
There is a wise American saying: Never waste a crisis. And the current financial and economic crisis affords us a rare opportunity to pause and reflect on where we have been going and where it leads.
There is a woman at the origin of all great achievements.
There is a woman in the room.
There is a woman in this room.
There is a woman who wants to see you.
There is a wonderful view up ahead of us. It's the Djurdjura Mountains, in northeastern Algeria.
There is a woodworm in the wood.
There is a word for women like Layla: whore.
There is a word with that specific function.
There is a world of difference between, "somehow being understood" and "using correct English."
There is a written and an unwritten law. The one by which we regulate our constitutions in our cities is the written law; that which arises from customs is the unwritten law.
There is a yard between the two houses.
There is a yard of cloth.
There is a yellow church in the centre.
There is a yellow rose.
There is absolutely no doubt that Yanni is innocent.
There is absolutely no evidence for the claim that Hitler was part Jewish.
There is absolutely no possibility to leave the island.
There is absolutely no reason that you should even attempt to speak with the Chinese girls, or at least these ones. They're so rude!
There is absolutely no truth to this rumor.
There is absolutely no value in expressing yourself in a sophisticated way if your reader cannot understand what you are saying.
There is absolutely no way that I would go on a trip alone.
There is absolutely nothing left!
There is absolutely nothing to see here.
There is absolutely nothing wrong with his deed.
There is absolutely nothing wrong with you.
There is acid in lemon.
There is air in that room.
There is almost no furniture.
There is almost no oxygen in the room.
There is almost no violence in Algeria.
There is almost no violence in that city.
There is almost no water in the glass.
There is almost no water in this bottle.
There is almost zero friction to taking the next step.
There is already a French edition of this book.
There is already a subway in Rio.
There is also Paolo.
There is also a Catholic convent near to the railway station.
There is also a large conference room available for rent.
There is also a reproduction of the costume from the 1954 film "Creature from the Black Lagoon," with movable gills.
There is also a tendency to call "L'Auberge Espagnole" a pornographic film.
There is also a toilet on the fourth floor.
There is also a yearly membership fee required to maintain certification.
There is also an outdoor patio where some larger items are exhibited.
There is also another Protestant church in the village.
There is also another way.
There is also one type of idealism that says even without strength or intelligence you can do anything if you can merely persist.
There is also quite some activity here behind the scenes.
There is also some evidence that people who stay up all night even suffer temporary drops in their IQ.
There is also something else.
There is also the popular display of inaugural gowns worn by U.S. first ladies.
There is also what is not seen.
There is always a bad seed in the family.
There is always a crowd of customers in his shop.
There is always a lot of dancing in this café.
There is always a next time.
There is always a possibility.
There is always a right way to tell the facts.
There is always a variety of translations for any passage in any language.
There is always a way out.
There is always an explanation.
There is always another time.
There is always dazzlingly bright sunshine on Fuerteventura.
There is always drama when I fight.
There is always heavy traffic here at this time of the day.
There is always hope for boys with hearts such as yours, though they may often be very mischievous. This is the reason why I have come so far to look for you.
There is always hope.
There is always only one reality.
There is always some aspect of poverty wherever you look. It's all in your head.
There is always some noise in this house.
There is always someone present on Tatoeba.
There is always something happening here.
There is always something to do here.
There is always something to do.
There is always something to learn.
There is always something to translate in Tatoeba.
There is always the risk of losing all the data on your hard disk.
There is always time to do that.
There is always trouble after midnight in big cities.
There is ample room for another car.
There is ample scope for improvement.
There is an Act which outlaws such behavior.
There is an African Studies program at my university.
There is an English speech presentation at school tomorrow.
There is an abandoned mine somewhere around here.
There is an abundance of pictures in the book.
There is an abundance.
There is an abundant supply of foodstuffs.
There is an acute shortage of water.
There is an addition to Tom's family.
There is an additional problem.
There is an advertising balloon flying above the department store.
There is an age limit of 17 years for the school.
There is an air of resignation everywhere.
There is an air service between Tokyo and Moscow.
There is an airsickness bag provided in the seatback.
There is an album on the desk.
There is an album on the shelf.
There is an alley behind my house.
There is an alligator on your top.
There is an allure and excitement to the power of an old-fashioned steam train.
There is an alternative.
There is an ample market for this product.
There is an animal there.
There is an answer key in the back of the book.
There is an antenna at the top.
There is an anteroom adjoining the library.
There is an anthill here.
There is an anthropological theory that early Australoids arrived in the Americas before the Mongoloids, many thousands of years ago.
There is an antidote.
There is an antiracist anticulture inside Israel.
There is an apartment building near my house.
There is an apartment house near my house.
There is an apple in the boy's pocket.
There is an apple on the desk.
There is an apple on the table.
There is an apple under the desk.
There is an arm of a skeleton floating in the water.
There is an armed robbery in progress.
There is an art exhibition in Algiers.
There is an art of hearing as well as one of speaking.
There is an ashtray behind you.
There is an ashtray over there.
There is an athletic meet soon.
There is an attraction to happiness held inside of oneself.
There is an auction in Algiers.
There is an automobile outside.
There is an avenue near my house.
There is an easier method.
There is an easier way to improve your English.
There is an eclipse of the Moon.
There is an eel in the water.
There is an effort in the U.S. to bring this "dark data," as it's called, into the light through digitizing museum collections.
There is an election today.
There is an elegant solution.
There is an emotional connection between Yanni and Rima.
There is an empty room in the house.
There is an end to everything.
There is an enormous cross above the Valley of the Fallen.
There is an eraser in your pencil case.
There is an error in the sentence.
There is an error in this sentence.
There is an essential oil produced from this pungent grass which is known in commerce as citronella, a delightful and universally favorite extract.
There is an evil spirit in the doll.
There is an exception to every rule.
There is an explanation for everything.
There is an extra charge for mailing packages by express.
There is an idea that outer space should be the abode of only men and boys and cloning would be the means of reproduction.
There is an identity crisis in Algeria.
There is an important alliance between these two countries.
There is an important reason that so many working families feel like the system is rigged, and it’s because the economy hasn’t caught up to some of the enormous changes that have transformed America over the past 50 years. Those days when the average family was a dad who went to work every day and a mom who stayed at home and did all the unpaid labor -- that’s not what our economy looks like anymore. Household and work arrangements come in all shapes and all combinations, and yet, our workplace policies still look like they’re straight out of Mad Men.
There is an important ruin hidden under this gym.
There is an infinite number of numbers.
There is an innovation.
There is an interesting book on my desk.
There is an interesting story about that.
There is an international airport in Narita.
There is an international border between Western Sahara and Morocco.
There is an intruder in Lorenzo's house.
There is an investigation still in progress.
There is an oasis in the desert.
There is an observation deck on the fourth floor.
There is an obvious distinction between the good and the best.
There is an old castle at the foot of the mountain.
There is an old church in this town.
There is an old house on this street.
There is an old man sitting on a bench.
There is an old museum here.
There is an old pond. There was a frog that jumped in. I could hear the splash.
There is an old saying there: â€œNo flower fairs, no Spring Festival.â€
There is an old saying there: “No flower fairs, no Spring Festival.”
There is an old story about a Persian cat.
There is an ongoing armed conflict between the Polisario Front and the Moroccan colonial army in Western Sahara.
There is an open-air market not too far from here.
There is an opportunity everywhere, you just have to perceive it.
There is an opportunity everywhere, you just have to recognize it.
There is an orange on the table.
There is an oven to bake bread in the kitchen.
There is an unbreakable link between language and culture.
There is an unexpected item in the bagging area.
There is an upbeat side to the study. Its authors suggest the atmospheric concentrations of pollutants can be quickly and drastically reduced using currently-available technologies.
There is an urgent message for you.
There is an urgent need for a more effective method of treating this disease.
There is an urgent need for a new approach to dealing with this problem.
There is an urgent need for a new policy.
There is an urgent need for a new system.
There is an urgent need for a radical revision of our current concepts of the nature of consciousness and its relationship to matter and the brain.
There is an urgent need for action.
There is an urgent need for affordable housing.
There is an urgent need for better communication.
There is an urgent need for blood donations.
There is an urgent need for blood donors.
There is an urgent need for clean energy.
There is an urgent need for donations.
There is an urgent need for drinking water.
There is an urgent need for experienced pilots.
There is an urgent need for food and water.
There is an urgent need for good legal advice.
There is an urgent need for improved living conditions.
There is an urgent need for medical supplies.
There is an urgent need for money.
There is an urgent need for more doctors.
There is an urgent need for more money.
There is an urgent need for more people to donate their time and money.
There is an urgent need for new ideas.
There is an urgent need for peace talks.
There is an urgent need for people to help clean up the environment.
There is an urgent need for qualified teachers.
There is an urgent need for revisions.
There is an urgent need for shelter.
There is an urgent need for social change.
There is an urgent need for teachers with science backgrounds.
There is an urgent need for the international community to help feed hungry children.
There is an urgent need for the local government to help the homeless.
There is an urgent need for them to update their system.
There is an urgent need for understanding how climate change will affect our lives.
There is an urgent need for volunteers.
There is an urgent need for water.
There is an urgent need to learn English, today's global language.
There is an whole industry based entirely on preying upon financially vulnerable individuals.
There is another country you could go back to.
There is another factor, too, that children find it hard to understand.
There is another forest over there.
There is another killer out there.
There is another mistake here...
There is another option.
There is another problem to solve.
There is another question too that we must discuss.
There is another side to this story.
There is another storm coming.
There is another thing that you need to do.
There is another tiny bullseye in the windshield.
There is another tunnel up there.
There is another way to save money.
There is another way.
There is anything wrong with eating the skin of loquats.
There is archaeological evidence that men have been present in Algeria for more than half a million years.
There is as much water left in this bottle as in that one.
There is as yet no end in sight.
There is at least one motion sensor in every room of the building.
There is bad blood between Algeria and Morocco.
There is bad weather in the north.
There is bad weather. There it's cold and raining.
There is bad weather. There it’s cold and raining.
There is barbed wire around the building.
There is barely enough money to eat.
There is beautiful nature in Karelia.
There is beer on the table.
There is big difference in the quality of shampoos available in the market.
There is big oversight in that plan.
There is blood in my faeces.
There is blood in my urine.
There is blood in my vomit.
There is blood on your hands.
There is bread and salt on the table.
There is but One who is absolutely by and through himself, â€” namely, God; and God is not the mere dead conception to which we have thus given utterance, but he is in himself pure Life.
There is but One who is absolutely by and through himself, — namely, God; and God is not the mere dead conception to which we have thus given utterance, but he is in himself pure Life.
There is but her womb ... and the baby within.
There is but one alternative.
There is but one chance left.
There is but one chance.
There is but one law for all, namely, that law which governs all law, the law of our Creator, the law of humanity, justice, equity â€” the law of nature, and of nations.
There is but one law for all, namely, that law which governs all law, the law of our Creator, the law of humanity, justice, equity — the law of nature, and of nations.
There is cake in the kitchen.
There is cat hair all over the place.
There is cell service in the park.
There is certain to be some opposition to your suggestion.
There is certainly no absolute standard of beauty. That precisely is what makes its pursuit so interesting.
There is chaos in the fridge.
There is chocolate on the table.
There is clearly a problem.
There is close relationship between supply and demand.
There is coffee, and...coffee.
There is concern, for example, about sicknesses in factory workers who may breathe extremely small particles.
There is conflict in Libya.
There is conflicting information regarding that drug's safety.
There is considerable optimism that the economy will improve.
There is constant motion in the ocean in the form of a global ocean conveyor belt.
There is constant motion in the ocean in the form of a global ocean conveyor belt. This motion is caused by a combination of thermohaline currents in the deep ocean and wind-driven currents on the surface.
There is constant political instability in Morocco.
There is corruption in Algeria.
There is couscous on the table.
There is cranberry juice in the fridge.
There is currently no killer app for this platform.
There is currently no treatment for COVID-19.
There is danger from all men. The only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public liberty.
There is danger of confusion between them.
There is debate as to the origin of Yiddish, with the classic model suggesting a Rhineland origin and a current model suggesting a Bavarian origin.
There is definitely a lot of interest in the subject.
There is definitely a safe route!
There is definitely a way to quit the world and live like an hermit in the mountains, being self-sufficient and without contact with anybody while not dying like a dog.
There is easy access to the beach.
There is eloquence in screaming.
There is enormous tension between Morocco and Algeria.
There is enough bread for all of you.
There is enough crime in Casablanca.
There is enough food in Algeria.
There is enough food in the world to feed everyone.
There is enough food in the world; people are starving because of politics.
There is enough food.
There is enough grass here to feed the whole herd.
There is enough here to feed the whole family.
There is enough iron in your body to make a nail.
There is enough light to read by.
There is enough milk in the jar.
There is enough money for John to buy a car.
There is enough room for everybody.
There is enough room for us to play.
There is enough space here, even for Tom.
There is enough time to finish this homework.
There is erosion against the intellect.
There is even a hint of Smith's spirit in a lot of the music Americans revere today.
There is every indication that it was Tom who did it.
There is every promise of success.
There is every promise of the boy's release.
There is every promise of the boy’s release.
There is every reason to doubt that it is true.
There is every sign of rain.
There is evidence of superstition in our world.
There is evidence that at times large wolverines attack wolves.
There is evidence that cavemen hunted wooly rhinos.
There is evidence that water was abundant on Mars eons ago.
There is evidence to the contrary.
There is evil in this place.
There is extreme phenotypic diversity in Berbers.
There is fame and fortune lost.
There is famine in the country.
There is fire under the bridge.
There is flour on the table.
There is fog over the lake.
There is food enough for us.
There is food on the desk.
There is free Wi-Fi in the lobby.
There is freedom in Algeria.
There is freedom of religion in this country.
There is frost on the flowers.
There is frost on the grass this morning.
There is frost on the grass.
There is frost on the ground.
There is frost on the road.
There is frost on the windows.
There is fruit.
There is gender equality in this country.
There is geometry in the humming of the strings, there is music in the spacing of the spheres.
There is glass all over the ground.
There is going to be a game between Waseda and Keio today.
There is going to be a show-down between management and labor.
There is going to be a storm.
There is gold in green forests.
There is good and there is evil.
There is good fire from this coal.
There is good gossip and bad gossip at work.
There is good reason for her to get scolded.
There is good weather. There is sun.
There is great sadness locally after the ancient tree was cut down.
There is green grass on the field.
There is growing evidence that small airborne coronavirus particles are produced when someone coughs, sneezes, sings, talks or breathes and can remain in the air to be breathed in by others, allowing an infection.
There is gruel.
There is hardly a branch of study on which he has not written something; for we have his orations, his poems, epistles, and dialogs.
There is hardly any danger of an earthquake.
There is heather in the garden.
There is heavy traffic in this street.
There is heavy traffic on this road.
There is heavy traffic on this street.
There is high real estate demand in Algeria.
There is honey on the table.
There is honor among thieves.
There is honor even among thieves.
There is hope for everybody.
There is hope for humanity.
There is hope in Algeria.
There is hope.
There is ice cream in the freezer.
There is ice cream in the fridge.
There is in all barbarian communities a profound sense of the disparity between man's and woman's work.
There is in all barbarian communities a profound sense of the disparity between man’s and woman’s work.
There is in all men a demand for the superlative, so much so that the poor devil who has no other way of reaching it attains it by getting drunk.
There is indeed a limit to that.
There is indisputable proof that Tom is the thief.
There is instinctive behavior, without premeditation, and premeditated behavior.
There is insufficient light for reading.
There is insufficient light to take pictures.
There is irrefutable proof that Tom is innocent.
There is ivy above you.
There is ivy everywhere.
There is ivy growing around.
There is ivy on the wall.
There is just a fire that is burning so bright inside of me.
There is just enough light to read by.
There is just no end to our troubles.
There is just one bed in the guest room.
There is just one thing I need.
There is just so much beauty in ambiguity!
There is just time enough for us to have a quick one.
There is kindness to be found everywhere.
There is learning in suffering.
There is lemon balm in my garden.
There is less and less rain in this area.
There is less crime in apartment buildings surrounded by trees and greenery.
There is less dishonour in my death than in life as you propose it to me.
There is less left than I thought.
There is less time than I thought.
There is life on millions of other planets, but only in the form of kangaroos.
There is light at the end of the tunnel.
There is lightning.
There is little Biden can do to improve the economic realities in the six months remaining until the vote.
There is little automobile traffic on this road.
There is little chance of his winning.
There is little chance of my meeting him again.
There is little chance of success.
There is little chance that the Sun will shine these days.
There is little coffee left in the pot.
There is little danger of an earthquake.
There is little doubt as to whether he will succeed or not.
There is little doubt that the tightening of an already stripped system will have dramatic consequences for industry and municipalities in rural areas.
There is little financial incentive for pharmaceutical companies to develop a new drug because it is risky, it takes a lot of time and money, and the monetary returns are likely to be poor.
There is little food in the refrigerator.
There is little furniture in my house.
There is little furniture in my room.
There is little going on.
There is little harmony in international affairs nowadays.
There is little hope of her getting well soon.
There is little hope of her recovery.
There is little hope of his recovery.
There is little hope of his success.
There is little hope of his winning the election.
There is little hope of my success.
There is little hope of success.
There is little hope that he will recover.
There is little hope that he will succeed.
There is little hope that she will come on time.
There is little hope that they are alive.
There is little hope.
There is little if any hope for his recovery.
There is little information about this dialect.
There is little merit in this plan.
There is little milk in the glass.
There is little milk in the jar.
There is little milk left in the bottle.
There is little money left.
There is little oil in Japan.
There is little possibility that she will be elected.
There is little prospect of my success.
There is little rejoicing.
There is little room for doubt.
There is little sugar left in the pot.
There is little sympathy for corrupt politicians among ordinary Algerians.
There is little sympathy in the letter.
There is little time left.
There is little to comment.
There is little to do.
There is little to remark.
There is little tourism in North Dakota.
There is little water in the bucket.
There is little water in the glass.
There is little water in the pond.
There is little water in this well.
There is little water left in the canteen.
There is little water left in the glass.
There is little water left.
There is little wind today.
There is little wine left in the bottle.
There is little wine left.
There is little, if any, difference between the two.
There is little, if any, hope of his being alive.
There is little, if any, hope of his recovery.
There is little, if any, hope that Tom will win the election.
There is little, if any, hope that he will win the election.
There is little, if any, of such distribution of control.
There is little, if any, possibility of his success.
There is little, if any, risk in this matter.
There is little, if any, wine left in the bottle.
There is lots of stuff Ziri can do.
There is lots of sugar in the black box.
There is man's best friend!
There is meat, cheese and tomatoes in my sandwich.
There is merit even in the mentally retarded legislator. He asks the questions that everyone is afraid to ask for fear of seeming simple.
There is milk all over the kitchen floor because my wife broke the bottle.
There is milk in the fridge.
There is milk in the refrigerator.
There is milk on the table.
There is money on the table.
There is more at stake.
There is more censorship in the twenty-first century than the Middle Ages.
There is more charity at this time than at any other.
There is more hydrogen in the universe than any other kind of atom.
There is more in his character than simple honesty.
There is more in life than meets the eye.
There is more information during weekends on the BBC website.
There is more money than is needed.
There is more moorland in Northern Germany than in Southern Germany.
There is more pleasure in loving than in being loved.
There is more snow this winter than last winter.
There is more than a fine line between unspoken rizz and surreptitious sexual harassment.
There is more than enough room for another car.
There is more than enough room for improvement.
There is more than one god.
There is more than one valid answer, but not every answer is valid.
There is more to Egypt than just pyramids.
There is more to Yanni's business that meets the eye.
There is more to fight about.
There is more to life than increasing its speed.
There is more to that.
There is more to this basement than is visible.
There is more water than is needed.
There is more.
There is much crime in the big cities.
There is much demand for nurses in this hospital.
There is much documented evidence to prove evolution.
There is much evil in the world.
There is much furniture in the room.
There is much furniture in this room.
There is much hatred in this room, and little kindness.
There is much in common between the two countries culturally.
There is much information to review.
There is much more snow on Lulu Island this winter of 2021-2022, than last year.
There is much more to be done.
There is much more to see in Algiers.
There is much more water in this lake now than in the past.
There is much opposition to this decision of the Government of India.
There is much sugar in this black box.
There is much talk that she is going to France next month.
There is much that is good in the world.
There is much that we can learn from the Japanese.
There is much truth in that.
There is much truth in what you say.
There is much undeserved prejudice against Esperanto.
There is much water in the pond today.
There is much water left.
There is mutual respect between Algeria and France.
There is my answer to your question.
There is my computer.
There is need for improvement in your handwriting.
There is neither God nor Buddha.
There is neither Jew nor Gentile, neither slave nor free, nor is there male and female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus.
There is neither contingency nor free will.
There is neither joy nor sorrow endless.
There is neither joy nor sorrow eternal.
There is never a lack of things to do here.
There is never a shortage of people who are desperate to believe in the extraordinary.
There is never a shortage of things to do here.
There is never a wrong time to do the right thing.
There is never enough pasta at this all-you-can-eat restaurant.
There is new interest in revitalizing the language.
There is news.
There is no "I" in team.
There is no "global existential war" between Islam and the West.
There is no "masculine" way of learning.
There is no American military base in Algeria.
There is no Catholic or Communist science; there is only Science.
There is no Friday prayer at my college.
There is no Friday prayer at my school.
There is no German equivalent of this Japanese word.
There is no God and no Buddha.
There is no God but Allah, and Mohammed is his prophet.
There is no God but God and Mohammed is his messenger.
There is no God, unless you invent Him.
There is no Internet in North Korea.
There is no Jewish religion separate from the notion of a nation bound to it by covenant.
There is no Kabbalah without Judaism.
There is no Kabylie without Algeria and there is no Algeria without Kabylie.
There is no King on the Road of Death.
There is no Monday which will not give its place to Tuesday.
There is no National Highway 44.
There is no Nobel Prize in mathematics.
There is no Plan B because there is no Planet B.
There is no SIM card in my telephone.
There is no Santa Claus.
There is no Santa.
There is no TP left.
There is no TV here.
There is no TV in my room.
There is no Truth. There is only the truth within each moment.
There is no US military presence in Algeria.
There is no absolute rule.
There is no absolute success in the world, only constant progress.
There is no absolute temperature at which snow can be made.
There is no access to the building from this direction.
There is no accounting for taste.
There is no accounting for tastes.
There is no accurate estimate of the amount of black money in Bangladesh's economy.
There is no act which Christianity forbids, that the law will not reach: if it were otherwise, Christianity would not be, as it has always been held to be, part of the law of England.
There is no additional cost to participate.
There is no admission fee for children under five.
There is no advantage in doing that.
There is no advantage in losing your temper.
There is no advantage in staying here.
There is no affiliation between our company and the owners of this logo.
There is no air in space.
There is no air on the moon.
There is no alternative.
There is no ambiguity.
There is no answer to what is best, as it will always be dependent on the individual and the situation.
There is no answer to your question.
There is no antidote for the venom of this snake.
There is no antidote.
There is no anwser for your question.
There is no apparent reason that planned auxiliary languages should be governed by fundamentally different laws.
There is no archeological evidence for the Hebrew conquest of Canaan; rather, archeology suggests that the Hebrews arose from indigenous Canaanites.
There is no arguing with the assertion of the great linguist Claude Hagège: never before in the history of humanity, has a language had a "comparable extension in the world to what English now has."
There is no art which one government sooner learns of another than that of draining money from the pockets of the people.
There is no article in Spanish for the Tatoeba project on Wikipedia.
There is no artificial intelligence yet.
There is no aspect of relaxation more important than breathing.
There is no atmosphere on the moon.
There is no bad weather, only unsuitable clothing.
There is no bad which does not serve some good.
There is no barrier between both of us.
There is no barrier between us both.
There is no baseless rumor.
There is no beach in this area.
There is no beauty without variety.
There is no beer here.
There is no better friend or parent than oneself.
There is no better taste than that of honey.
There is no bigger threat to Algiers than major earthquakes.
There is no blue mango.
There is no book on the table.
There is no book so bad that it is not useful in some way.
There is no border between Algeria and Tunisia. The border was erased by a bridge of love and brotherhood.
There is no branch of detective science which is so important and so much neglected as the art of tracing footsteps.
There is no bread shortage in Algeria.
There is no bread today.
There is no breathable air on Mars.
There is no breeze here.
There is no bridge spanning the Amazon River.
There is no bringing your younger days back.
There is no bus available at this time.
There is no bus ride.
There is no bus service after nine-thirty.
There is no bus service in the area.
There is no bus service to the village.
There is no canonical version of Tom.
There is no cause for complaint.
There is no cause for concern whatsoever.
There is no cause for concern.
There is no cause for undue alarm.
There is no cause for worry.
There is no cave within several miles of our camp.
There is no central heating in this house.
There is no certainty that Tom will do it.
There is no chair in this room.
There is no chair to sit on.
There is no chance for reconciliation.
There is no chance of a union between the two countries.
There is no chance of escaping this place for the likes of us.
There is no chance of rain today.
There is no chance you'll finish it in just five minutes.
There is no charge for children to participate.
There is no charge for these lessons.
There is no charge for this service.
There is no charge to attend.
There is no charge.
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
There is no choice but to agree to his plan.
There is no choice in this matter.
There is no choice.
There is no chosen nation on Earth.
There is no city in Europe as big as Tokyo.
There is no civil war in Algeria.
There is no clear indication of when Islam first came to our region.
There is no clock in my room.
There is no closed door, there is the wrong key.
There is no cloud in the sky.
There is no coffee left.
There is no coincidence!
There is no coincidence.
There is no comparison between the taste of a fresh apricot and one from a can.
There is no comparison.
There is no competition.
There is no complaint at all.
There is no computer.
There is no confusion in Islam.
There is no connection between them.
There is no connection.
There is no consensus on what is meant by conscience.
There is no controversy.
There is no correct answer to this question, so it is important to have your own opinion.
There is no country in this world where love has not turned lovers into poets.
There is no crack in your windshield.
There is no creature among all the Beasts of the world which hath so great and ample demonstration of the power and wisdom of almighty God as the elephant.
There is no creature whose inward being is so strong that it is not greatly determined by what lies outside it.
There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval.
There is no cure for death.
There is no cure for lovesickness.
There is no cure for nightmares.
There is no cure for osteoarthritis.
There is no cure for personality.
There is no cure for schizophrenia.
There is no cure for the common cold.
There is no cure for the disease.
There is no current professional baseball league in Turkey.
There is no damage estimate yet.
There is no danger in this you needn’t worry.
There is no danger of an earthquake.
There is no danger.
There is no deafness worse than that of a person who doesn't want to hear.
There is no dearth of evil people in the world who disobey Allah.
There is no dearth of good will, only of courage.
There is no death, only a change of worlds.
There is no defense against an unexpected attack.
There is no deity but God.
There is no deity worthy of worship except God.
There is no demand for this item in Japan.
There is no denying that English is the most widely spoken language in the world.
There is no denying that Singapore has impressively low crime rates, is incredibly efficient and is immaculately clean.
There is no denying that he is clever.
There is no denying that she is very efficient.
There is no denying that the prisoner is guilty.
There is no denying the fact that no one is free from racial prejudice.
There is no denying the fact that smoking is harmful.
There is no denying the fact.
There is no depth Tom wouldn't sink to in pursuit of his goals.
There is no development without investment.
There is no devil, but there is God.
There is no dialog in wokeism.
There is no difference between being black or white. We are all human beings.
There is no difference between how children fare with straight parents versus gay ones.
There is no difference between this row of clothes and the one next to it.
There is no difference.
There is no disgrace in being poor.
There is no disguising the fact from her.
There is no dispensation from Rome for death.
There is no disputing about tastes.
There is no distance on this earth as far away as yesterday.
There is no document of civilization which is not at the same time a document of barbarism.
There is no dog which is bigger than this one.
There is no door on this side of the building.
There is no doubt about his ability.
There is no doubt about his honesty.
There is no doubt about it.
There is no doubt about that.
There is no doubt as to her beauty.
There is no doubt as to her innocence.
There is no doubt as to who will be elected.
There is no doubt he is to win this race - he is at his best now!
There is no doubt in my mind Yanni loved Skura.
There is no doubt in my mind that Tom didn't commit suicide.
There is no doubt in my mind that Tom didn’t commit suicide.
There is no doubt in my mind that Tom will win the election.
There is no doubt in my mind.
There is no doubt that I could not do it without your help.
There is no doubt that I would not have been able to do this without your help.
There is no doubt that Marley was dead.
There is no doubt that cycling is healthier than driving.
There is no doubt that enhancing user experience is the last thing webmasters think about when they add social bookmarking widgets to their sites.
There is no doubt that he is a gifted artist.
There is no doubt that he is honest.
There is no doubt that he was murdered.
There is no doubt that his sons are good boys.
There is no doubt that in 2016 we can say with confidence that bison are back, resilient as ever, bringing people together to correct our past mistakes of nearly extirpating the largest land mammal of North America.
There is no doubt that it was an organised crime.
There is no doubt that people prefer peace to war.
There is no doubt that religion has an important place in people's lives.
There is no doubt that the dream was a memory from a previous life.
There is no doubt that the world is getting warmer.
There is no doubt that they got married.
There is no doubt whatever about it.
There is no doubt whatever about that.
There is no doubt whatever about what he says.
There is no doubt.
There is no doubt: Messi is the best footballer of all time and of all peoples.
There is no dream of man which atomic power does not promise a chance to attain.
There is no dress code.
There is no duty we so much underrate as the duty of being happy.
There is no earthly reason for me to dislike her.
There is no easy answer to this question.
There is no easy answer.
There is no easy cure-all for old economic ills.
There is no easy process of learning.
There is no easy road to learning.
There is no electricity in the room.
There is no electricity out here.
There is no elevator in our house.
There is no end in sight to the U.S. trade deficit with Japan.
There is no end in sight.
There is no end to his complaining.
There is no end to our troubles.
There is no equality in nature.
There is no error in the Quran.
There is no escape from destiny.
There is no escape from fate.
There is no escape out of it.
There is no escape route.
There is no escape.
There is no esoteric knowledge in Islam.
There is no eternal love.
There is no ethnic tension in Algeria.
There is no evidence Tom Jackson had anything to do with it.
There is no evidence mental health has to do with mass shootings, which are primarily motivated by right-wing ideology.
There is no evidence of Hezbollah being involved in the Sahrawi conflict.
There is no evidence that Flight 77 crashed into the Pentagon–no baggage, seats, passengers or video has ever been found.
There is no evidence that allowing trans people to use the bathroom of their gender leads to increased sexual assault of cis people.
There is no evidence that e-cigarettes help people quit.
There is no evidence that mysterious disappearances occur with any greater frequency in the Bermuda Triangle than in any other large, well-traveled area of the ocean.
There is no evidence that the story is based on his own experience.
There is no evidence to the contrary.
There is no evidence.
There is no evil that always lasts.
There is no evil where evil is the norm.
There is no excuse for denigration.
There is no excuse for his behaviour.
There is no excuse for his delay.
There is no excuse for such behavior.
There is no excuse for the way Tom acted at the party.
There is no excuse for violence.
There is no excuse for what happened.
There is no excuse for your actions.
There is no excuse that will let you be absent from the meeting.
There is no excuse to help get you out of the meeting.
There is no existing grammar that can be said to be absolutely correct.
There is no experience from which you can't learn something.
There is no explanation necessary.
There is no external influence in that.
There is no fact from which a moral ought can be derived.
There is no fact so uncontroversial that there is not someone, somewhere, who denies it.
There is no factory in this village.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
There is no famine in Algeria.
There is no fault on my part.
There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires.
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear: because fear hath torment. He that feareth is not made perfect in love.
There is no fear of infection.
There is no fear. There is danger, but fear is only fictional.
There is no fee to attend.
There is no feeling in my toes at all.
There is no film in this camera.
There is no fire without smoke.
There is no fire without some smoke.
There is no fish in the burn.
There is no fish there.
There is no fixed calendar.
There is no food left.
There is no food.
There is no fool like an old fool.
There is no footpath on this flyover.
There is no forcing in Islam.
There is no foreign land; it is the traveller only that is foreign.
There is no form of prose more difficult to understand and more tedious to read than the average scientific paper.
There is no free lunch.
There is no freedom for the ignorant.
There is no freedom of religion in this country.
There is no fuel to burn.
There is no fundamental reason that prevents machines from ever being at least as intelligent as we are.
There is no fundamental reason why machines should not be one day at least as smart as we are.
There is no furniture in the houses of the Incas.
There is no furniture in this room.
There is no furniture left in the room.
There is no future for her.
There is no future in his job.
There is no future in this job.
There is no future without hope.
There is no future without the past.
There is no gain so secure as to spare what you have.
There is no getting along with him.
There is no ghost in the shell, but there is a system.
There is no god but Allah, and Muhammad is Allah's messenger.
There is no god but God, and Jesus is the Son of God.
There is no god but God, and Muhammad is the messenger of God.
There is no god but God.
There is no god but God. Muhammad is the messenger of God.
There is no god.
There is no going back.
There is no going out in this stormy weather.
There is no going out in this weather.
There is no going out on such a cold day.
There is no going out on such a stormy day.
There is no good answer.
There is no good reason to get nervous.
There is no good restaurant in the neighborhood.
There is no grace period until the deadline.
There is no grammatical gender in Hungarian.
There is no grass on the moon.
There is no graver loss than the loss of time.
There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story.
There is no greater fallacy than the belief that aims and purposes are one thing, while methods and tactics are another.
There is no greater insult to life than premature ejaculation.
There is no greater mystery in life than love.
There is no greater poverty than injustice toward others.
There is no greatest positive integer.
There is no grocery store nearby.
There is no guarantee that he'll be back next week.
There is no guarantee that he’ll be back next week.
There is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation.
There is no gun violence in Algeria.
There is no happiness in the world, but there is peace and freedom.
There is no happiness without courage, nor virtue without struggle.
There is no happy ending.
There is no happy love.
There is no harbour in the city.
There is no harm done in the act of loving each other.
There is no harm in you sleeping late on Sunday.
There is no hawk, or eagle, or any other bird, swift as may be his flight, that can overtake me.
There is no heating here.
There is no heaven or hell. We can only live in the present.
There is no hell or heaven, we are in the purgatory already.
There is no hell.
There is no hero without compare.
There is no hiding from me.
There is no honor among thieves.
There is no honor in taking an enemy with poison.
There is no hope for humanity.
There is no hope in this country.
There is no hope left.
There is no hope of his being alive.
There is no hope of his being appointed.
There is no hope of his coming back safe.
There is no hope of his getting well soon.
There is no hope of his recovery.
There is no hope of success.
There is no hope that he will come soon.
There is no hope.
There is no hot water here.
There is no hot water.
There is no human being from whom we cannot learn something if we are interested enough to dig deep.
There is no hurry about returning the book to me.
There is no hurry.
There is no hurry; you have five days to think the matter over.
There is no illness like hope.
There is no instinct like that of the heart.
There is no interest in peace; only war and fear generate revenue.
There is no international sign language.
There is no island called "Philippine," but there is the "Philippines."
There is no joy greater than saving a human life.
There is no jurisdiction on Earth where parents are required to take their children to Pride.
There is no justice in the occupied territories.
There is no justice in the real world.
There is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little.
There is no kind of excuse for this.
There is no king.
There is no knowing what he will do next.
There is no knowing what may happen.
There is no knowing what will happen in the future.
There is no knowing what will happen next.
There is no knowing what will happen tomorrow.
There is no knowing what will happen.
There is no knowing when a severe earthquake will happen in Tokyo.
There is no knowing which team will win.
There is no known antidote for tetrodotoxin.
There is no known antidote.
There is no lack of effort.
There is no lack of opportunities.
There is no leitmotif.
There is no less confusion of languages and people there, than there was in the tower of Babel.
There is no less confusion there of tongues and persons, than formerly in the tower of Babel.
There is no level of elite above that of Elon Musk.
There is no library in this town.
There is no life after death.
There is no life on Mars.
There is no life on Venus.
There is no life on the island.
There is no life on the moon.
There is no life without electricity and water.
There is no life without friendship.
There is no life without light.
There is no life without music.
There is no life without water.
There is no light pollution in the countryside.
There is no light.
There is no likelihood of his getting well soon.
There is no limit to human desire.
There is no limit to human progress.
There is no limit to the universe.
There is no limit.
There is no link between these two.
There is no little enemy.
There is no living on the island.
There is no logical reason for this.
There is no longer any room for doubt.
There is no longer room for doubt.
There is no love sincerer than the love of food.
There is no love without freedom.
There is no love without trust.
There is no magic bullet.
There is no man but admires her.
There is no man but desires peace.
There is no man but has his weak points.
There is no man but loves himself.
There is no man but loves his home.
There is no map that can delineate which land is ours and which is theirs.
There is no market for products that everyone likes a bit, but only for products that someone particularly appreciates.
There is no market for these goods in Japan.
There is no meat left in the fridge.
There is no medicine for love.
There is no medicine without the Latin language.
There is no mercy here, Pinocchio. I have spared you. Harlequin must burn in your place. I am hungry and my dinner must be cooked.
There is no message.
There is no middle ground between these two options.
There is no milk left.
There is no miracle recipe.
There is no money for modernising the trains.
There is no money in my bag.
There is no money.
There is no monster in your room.
There is no more cheese left.
There is no more dangerous experiment than that of undertaking to be one thing before a man's face and another behind his back.
There is no more dangerous experiment than that of undertaking to be one thing before a man’s face and another behind his back.
There is no more difficult task than that.
There is no more disagreeable thing than this.
There is no more fantastic woman in the world than you.
There is no more important problem than this.
There is no more oil in the lamp.
There is no more room for a TV set.
There is no more time to lose.
There is no more time to waste.
There is no more water in the rivers.
There is no more water in your fridge.
There is no mother that doesn't love her children.
There is no mother that doesn’t love her children.
There is no mother who doesn't love her own child.
There is no mother who doesn't love her son.
There is no mother who doesn’t love her own child.
There is no natural animosity between Arab and Jewish children.
There is no natural animosity between Hindu and Muslim children.
There is no natural animosity between Muslim and Jewish children.
There is no natural animosity between white and black children.
There is no necessity for you to do that.
There is no need for a comma in this sentence.
There is no need for concern.
There is no need for her to work.
There is no need for him to work.
There is no need for me to work.
There is no need for us to hurry.
There is no need for words.
There is no need for you to go yet.
There is no need for you to rush.
There is no need for you to stay here.
There is no need for you to work.
There is no need to be ashamed of confessing one's mistakes.
There is no need to be ashamed of confessing one’s mistakes.
There is no need to be callous about deforestation.
There is no need to be callous.
There is no need to be frightened. He won't harm you.
There is no need to be frightened. He won’t harm you.
There is no need to be judgemental.
There is no need to be so strict.
There is no need to be sorry.
There is no need to be unnecessarily anxious about the outbreak.
There is no need to call in their assistance.
There is no need to complain.
There is no need to draw a hasty conclusion.
There is no need to explain to a sage what is expected of him.
There is no need to explain to a sage what we expect from him.
There is no need to explain to a scholar what we expect from him.
There is no need to feel sorry for such a person.
There is no need to get excited; to be indignant would suffice.
There is no need to get worked up about it.
There is no need to laugh!
There is no need to panic.
There is no need to reply to that letter.
There is no need to run!
There is no need to rush!
There is no need to say such mean things to people who have only just joined and don't yet know the ins and outs.
There is no need to shout.
There is no need to speak so loudly.
There is no need to take his advice if you don't want to.
There is no need to take his advice if you don’t want to.
There is no need to talk about it.
There is no need to worry about funds.
There is no need to worry about shortages for the moment.
There is no new sun.
There is no new thing under the sun.
There is no night that does not end in daylight.
There is no night that does not end in the brightness of the day.
There is no night that the day does not finish lighting up.
There is no non-malicious reason to eliminate single-toilet gender-neutral restrooms.
There is no objection on my part.
There is no objective measure of a word's badness. It all comes down to context.
There is no objective measure of a word’s badness. It all comes down to context.
There is no objective reality.
There is no odor so bad as that which arises from goodness tainted.
There is no official worldwide list of most wanted fugitives.
There is no one I can talk to.
There is no one answer to this question.
There is no one answer.
There is no one around for miles and miles.
There is no one but commits errors.
There is no one but desires peace.
There is no one but knows it.
There is no one but knows that the earth is round.
There is no one but knows the fact.
There is no one but longs for peace and security.
There is no one but loves his own country.
There is no one deafer than the one who doesn't want to hear.
There is no one else like you.
There is no one here by that name.
There is no one here to help.
There is no one here who can help you with the work.
There is no one here with that name.
There is no one in my immediate family who lives abroad, but there are many members of my extended family who do.
There is no one in my life as important as Naz.
There is no one in the house.
There is no one left to talk to.
There is no one like Tom.
There is no one like her in the entire world.
There is no one like her.
There is no one like him.
There is no one like you.
There is no one more devoted to you than me.
There is no one reading in the library.
There is no one right answer to this question.
There is no one standard for beauty.
There is no one that does not long for world peace.
There is no one that knows him who speaks ill of him.
There is no one there.
There is no one to attend to that patient.
There is no one to beat you.
There is no one to blame for the accident.
There is no one to develop them in the first place.
There is no one to greet me.
There is no one to prepare it.
There is no one waiting on the track.
There is no one who doesn't desire peace.
There is no one who doesn't long for peace and security.
There is no one who doesn't make mistakes.
There is no one who doesn't want to have good friends.
There is no one who doesn’t desire peace.
There is no one who doesn’t want to have good friends.
There is no one who has been loved by the students more than Mr Jones.
There is no one who is born under a bad star, there are only people who don't know how to read the sky.
There is no one who is born under an unlucky star, there are only people who cannot read the sky.
There is no one who wants to eat.
There is no one who wants to go there.
There is no one with that name here.
There is no one without a past.
There is no one-child policy in Algeria. You can have as many kids as you want.
There is no one.
There is no opening in our firm.
There is no orange juice left.
There is no other car here like it.
There is no other choice.
There is no other country in the world where earthquakes are as frequent as in Japan.
There is no other country on earth like mine.
There is no other country where books are read by so many people and can be bought so cheaply as in Japan.
There is no other explanation.
There is no other way out of this.
There is no other way to do it.
There is no other way to get to the village.
There is no other way to understand the sentence.
There is no other way.
There is no other woman in my life but you.
There is no overt sign of damage.
There is no oxygen on Mars.
There is no pain.
There is no paint.
There is no paper to write on.
There is no parity amongst people.
There is no parking here.
There is no party that I have confidence in.
There is no passage for big vehicles here.
There is no path through fire.
There is no path to happiness. Happiness is the path.
There is no path to love. Love is the path.
There is no path to peace. Peace is the path.
There is no perfect family.
There is no perfect happiness in this life.
There is no permanent human population in Antarctica, which is much more habitable than Mars.
There is no person to do it.
There is no person with that name.
There is no persuading him to join the club.
There is no persuading him.
There is no piety in the world which is not the result of cultivation, and which cannot be increased by the degree of care and attention bestowed upon it.
There is no pillow as soft as a clean conscience.
There is no place for chauvinism in an equal society.
There is no place for him to go.
There is no place in the world like home.
There is no place in this house for Sami.
There is no place like home.
There is no plan B yet.
There is no plan B.
There is no plane on the runway.
There is no planet B.
There is no pleasure without pain.
There is no point arguing about the matter.
There is no point in arguing with Tom.
There is no point in calling such buildings 'ugly'.
There is no point in calling such buildings ’ugly’.
There is no point in deluding yourself; you know well that she's just playing games with you.
There is no point in giving him advice.
There is no point in having a fitting room without a mirror.
There is no point in lying to yourself.
There is no point in memorizing new words when you are learning a foreign language. It's always better to learn them in some context.
There is no point in memorizing words.
There is no point in pretending to be sick.
There is no point in studying if you are feeling tired.
There is no point in talking with a child.
There is no point in theorizing about hypothetical situations that will never happen.
There is no point in trying to introduce Japanese literature to him.
There is no political correctness in this country.
There is no polluted air in our city.
There is no porn on this website.
There is no possibility of our finding him.
There is no possibility of the bill being passed.
There is no possibility that what he says may have any truth in it.
There is no power to that cable.
There is no power to that wire.
There is no precedent for such a case.
There is no precisely defined alternative.
There is no predicting what may happen.
There is no prescription for a common cold.
There is no prison to imprison our thoughts.
There is no private browsing.
There is no problem between us. So much the better!
There is no problem that we have to solve.
There is no problem which I can't create.
There is no problem with that.
There is no problem without a solution.
There is no problem.
There is no profit in carrots, according to Tom.
There is no profit in worrying.
There is no progress without communication.
There is no proof that Tom committed that crime.
There is no proof that the coronavirus has been spread by euro banknotes.
There is no proof.
There is no protection against destiny.
There is no provocation.
There is no psychological damage.
There is no public lavatory.
There is no public restroom.
There is no public toilet.
There is no public transport in this town.
There is no public transportation around here.
There is no purpose about it!
There is no question about it.
There is no question as to her talent.
There is no question that George Balanchine was one of the most famous ballet choreographers of his time.
There is no question that he will marry her.
There is no quick fix.
There is no rainbow without rain.
There is no reason Layla would have run away.
There is no reason for her to flee.
There is no reason for her to scold you.
There is no reason for it.
There is no reason for me not doing something.
There is no reason for me to apologize.
There is no reason for me to be doing this.
There is no reason for me to learn that language.
There is no reason for such mayhem.
There is no reason for this fear.
There is no reason for you to feel inferior to anyone.
There is no reason not to try it.
There is no reason that I should give up my plan.
There is no reason to adopt a dog when we could adopt a cat.
There is no reason to be afraid of Tom.
There is no reason to be afraid of the teacher.
There is no reason to be afraid.
There is no reason to be alarmed.
There is no reason to be mean.
There is no reason to be sorry.
There is no reason to be unnecessarily worried about the outbreak.
There is no reason to believe you.
There is no reason to cull pigs right now.
There is no reason to do such a thing.
There is no reason to get happy.
There is no reason to make a big deal about this.
There is no reason to not give it a try.
There is no reason to rush things.
There is no reason to shout.
There is no reason to wear a suit to the beach.
There is no reason whatsoever to do it.
There is no reason why I should go there.
There is no reason why I should help him.
There is no reason why I shouldn't do it.
There is no reason why I shouldn’t do it.
There is no reason why he should be dismissed.
There is no reason why he should resign.
There is no reason why in a society which has reached the general level of wealth which ours has attained the first kind of security should not be guaranteed to all without endangering general freedom. (...) there can be no doubt that some minimum of food, shelter and clothing, sufficient to preserve health and the capacity to work, can be assured to everybody.
There is no reason why you shouldn't do such a thing.
There is no reason why you shouldn’t do such a thing.
There is no reason.
There is no reasoning.
There is no recipe for love — there are only good ingredients.
There is no refuge upon earth for the enslaved sex. Right where we are, there we must dig our trenches, and win or die.
There is no registration required to use this website.
There is no regular boat service to the island.
There is no relation between characters appearing, organisations and places to those that really exist.
There is no reliable evidence Imane Khelif is even intersex, let alone trans.
There is no remedy for his disease.
There is no remembrance of former things; neither shall there be any remembrance of things that are to come with those that shall come after.
There is no reply.
There is no response from him.
There is no rest for the poor.
There is no rest for the weary.
There is no rest for the wicked.
There is no result for this search yet, but you can help us by feeding the corpus with new vocabulary!
There is no retreat and you have to fight to the end.
There is no returning on the road of life.
There is no returning to our younger days.
There is no rice here anymore.
There is no right to exist.
There is no right to not be offended.
There is no right way to do the wrong thing.
There is no risk of rain today.
There is no road to love. Love is the road.
There is no room anywhere.
There is no room for Tom here.
There is no room for a vacuum in a continuum.
There is no room for a washing machine in the house.
There is no room for doubt about his guilt.
There is no room for doubt.
There is no room for further improvement in this system.
There is no room for miracles here.
There is no room for reconsideration.
There is no room for romance in my life.
There is no room to doubt that he is a gifted artist.
There is no rose without a thorn.
There is no rose without thorns.
There is no rule but has some exceptions.
There is no rule without an exception.
There is no rule without exception.
There is no rule without exceptions.
There is no rule, but there are some exceptions.
There is no running water in that shanty town.
There is no running water.
There is no rush!
There is no rush.
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist, except an old optimist.
There is no safe level of lead.
There is no salt left.
There is no salt.
There is no satisfactory answer a parent can give to this.
There is no satisfying spoiled children.
There is no schedule.
There is no school during August.
There is no school in August.
There is no school today for the Palestinians in Hebron.
There is no school today.
There is no scientific basis for these claims.
There is no screaming and shouting in mosques.
There is no sea in Armenia.
There is no security at the entrance of this restaurant at all.
There is no security on this earth; there is only opportunity.
There is no sense in just sitting around, doing nothing, is there?
There is no sense in my living without you.
There is no sense in speaking ill of him.
There is no sense in standing when there are seats available.
There is no sense in your worrying about your health so much.
There is no sentence with the ID #10028692.
There is no serious threat to cisgender people from transgender bathroom access, only to transgender people from transphobic panic.
There is no shame in admitting one's faults.
There is no shame in being poor.
There is no shame in saying 'I don't know'.
There is no shame in speaking the truth.
There is no short-term fix.
There is no shortage of ideas.
There is no shortage of opportunities.
There is no shortage of similarities.
There is no shortage of work to be done.
There is no shortcut to education.
There is no shortcut to success.
There is no shower in this bathroom.
There is no sign indicating that this is a meeting room.
There is no sign of Yanni anywhere.
There is no sign of Yanni or Skura.
There is no sign of life on Mars.
There is no sign of your son. I'm sorry.
There is no signal.
There is no significant difference.
There is no simple pattern that can serve as a template.
There is no simple road to success.
There is no simple solution for this problem.
There is no simple solution.
There is no sin except stupidity.
There is no sin, and there can be no sin on all the earth, which the Lord will not forgive to the truly repentant! Man cannot commit a sin so great as to exhaust the infinite love of God. Can there be a sin which could exceed the love of God?
There is no single room available at present, I'm afraid, but you could have a double room at a slightly reduced rate unless you want two breakfasts, of course.
There is no situation that is without hope.
There is no situation which cannot be ennobled by work or else by endurance.
There is no sky without clouds, nor paradise without snakes.
There is no smoke without fire.
There is no smoke, and hence no fire.
There is no smoking allowed on our campus.
There is no smoking here.
There is no smoking in this building.
There is no social unrest in Algeria.
There is no solution to this problem.
There is no solution.
There is no sound more pleasant than a colleague's gnashing of teeth.
There is no specific treatment for chickenpox, but there are pharmacy remedies that can alleviate symptoms.
There is no specifically defined way to actually use semicolons.
There is no spoon.
There is no step three.
There is no stop between Suwon and Incheon.
There is no stopping a girl's tongue.
There is no stopping a girl’s tongue.
There is no stopping her going abroad.
There is no strand that goes with the other.
There is no strong pro-democracy opposition in Algeria.
There is no substance in his speech.
There is no substitute for this.
There is no substitute.
There is no success in the world that makes up for the failure of the family.
There is no success without perseverance.
There is no such a thing as a comprehensive textbook.
There is no such a thing as a perfect crime.
There is no such a thing as a tit-for-tat response in a nuclear war.
There is no such a thing as scientific racism. You're either a scientist or an ignorant person.
There is no such administrative or political entity called Kabylie. In fact, this region has no distinct political status and is an integral part of Algeria.
There is no such record in our database.
There is no such street.
There is no such thing as ESP.
There is no such thing as God or Buddha.
There is no such thing as a Belgian, there are only Walloons and Flemish.
There is no such thing as a cynic, just people who describe the world as it is.
There is no such thing as a foolish question.
There is no such thing as a good stereotype.
There is no such thing as a great talent without great will power.
There is no such thing as a haunted wood anywhere. Who has been telling you such stuff?
There is no such thing as a must.
There is no such thing as a naÃ¯ve fox, nor a man without faults.
There is no such thing as a naïve fox, nor a man without faults.
There is no such thing as a perfect crime.
There is no such thing as a real friend.
There is no such thing as a right to happiness.
There is no such thing as a saint, so do not try to appear to be one.
There is no such thing as a thornless rose.
There is no such thing as an innocent affair.
There is no such thing as an insignificant detail.
There is no such thing as an untimely erection.
There is no such thing as bad weather, only the wrong clothes.
There is no such thing as coincidence.
There is no such thing as devolution.
There is no such thing as instant satisfaction.
There is no such thing as perfection, only the pursuit of it.
There is no such thing as the right speed for intelligent reading.
There is no such thing as true objectivity. We all perceive the world subjectively, through the prism of our experiences and beliefs.
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press.
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in The United States of America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in the United States, as an independent press.
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in the United States, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.
There is no such thing, sir, as a ghost.
There is no such word in Russian.
There is no sugar here.
There is no sugar in the bowl.
There is no sugar left in the pot.
There is no suitable decoder for this video format.
There is no surface difference between them.
There is no sweeter music on earth than that which the wind makes in the fir trees at evening.
There is no table in the room.
There is no tag on the vehicle.
There is no telling about the weather.
There is no telling exactly when the earth was born.
There is no telling how far science may have progressed by the end of the twentieth century.
There is no telling how long their quarrel will last.
There is no telling how much time will elapse between the moment the finished product leaves the brewery premises and the actual moment of its consumption.
There is no telling what he is thinking.
There is no telling what he will do.
There is no telling what may happen next year.
There is no telling what may happen next.
There is no telling what time he will come.
There is no telling what will happen in the future.
There is no telling what will happen in the near future.
There is no telling what will happen next.
There is no telling what will happen tomorrow.
There is no telling what will happen.
There is no telling what would happen if she doesn't show up.
There is no telling what would happen if she doesn’t show up.
There is no telling when I can see her again.
There is no telling when a severe earthquake will strike Tokyo.
There is no telling when an earthquake will occur.
There is no telling when disasters may strike.
There is no telling when he will show up.
There is no telling when the rainy season will be over.
There is no telling when the war will end.
There is no telling when they will arrive.
There is no telling when they will come.
There is no telling when we will fall ill.
There is no telling who did this.
There is no telling who will be sent in his place.
There is no thinking without what is called 'association of ideas.'
There is no thinking without what is called ’association of ideas.’
There is no third choice.
There is no third possibility.
There is no third sex in biology.
There is no threat to the US in Algeria.
There is no time for explanation.
There is no time for merriment.
There is no time left to waste.
There is no time left.
There is no time like the present.
There is no time like the time when you and I were young.
There is no time to argue.
There is no time to be lost.
There is no time to explain.
There is no time to find the ball. Take this one.
There is no time to lose.
There is no time to lose: my test is tomorrow.
There is no time to quarrel over such a thing.
There is no time to spare.
There is no time.
There is no time. Your sword is enough.
There is no timetable.
There is no toilet here.
There is no toilet paper.
There is no tomorrow.
There is no topic I am more passionate about than this one.
There is no towel rack in that bathroom.
There is no trade war between the US and Algeria.
There is no treasure more precious than a child.
There is no treatment for COVID-19.
There is no trust in them at all.
There is no trust in them.
There is no trust where there is no democracy.
There is no truth to the Bermuda Triangle.
There is no truth to the rumor.
There is no turning back now.
There is no turning back, Fadil.
There is no ugly woman, just not enough alcohol.
There is no underlying condition.
There is no unseasonable weather, there is only a wrong choice of clothes.
There is no urgency!
There is no urgency.
There is no use and no place for such weapons in Canada.
There is no use arguing! Do it quickly!
There is no use crying for help. No one will hear you.
There is no use crying over spilt milk.
There is no use discussing the matter further.
There is no use in asking him for assistance.
There is no use in crying. No one will hear you.
There is no use in loving things if you have to be torn from them, is there?
There is no use in making excuses.
There is no use talking to her.
There is no use talking to him.
There is no use talking to you!
There is no use to looking for. It is impossible to find it in this dark.
There is no use trying to excuse yourself.
There is no use waiting for her any longer.
There is no victor but God.
There is no video proof.
There is no violence in Algeria.
There is no virtue in parasitism.
There is no war in Algeria.
There is no water at our place.
There is no water in the stream.
There is no water in the well.
There is no water left in the bottle.
There is no water.
There is no way I'm going to let you do that.
There is no way I'm letting you do this alone.
There is no way Taourirt Mimoun would give birth to anti-Algerian scum like you.
There is no way Yanni saw Skura there. She has been here all the time.
There is no way for Jonas to do that commute daily.
There is no way in hell James is going to listen to Amanda.
There is no way of curing the stubbornness of the racists.
There is no way of knowing the irrevocable damage such an approach would have on our economy and financial markets.
There is no way of knowing where he is.
There is no way of knowing where he's gone.
There is no way of knowing where he’s gone.
There is no way of reaching the island other than by boat.
There is no way of reconciling binary gender with biology.
There is no way of reconciling binary sex with biology.
There is no way out of that yard.
There is no way out of the siege except to take the bull by the horns and let God judge the outcome.
There is no way out.
There is no way that Tom could do it by himself.
There is no way that door would open on its own.
There is no way that my punctuation in French can be perfect, though I keep on trying.
There is no way the US can strangle the Chinese economy into submission in case Beijing invades Taiwan.
There is no way through here.
There is no way to be truly great in this world. We are all impaled on the crook of conditioning.
There is no way to cancel a show even if I collapse on stage.
There is no way to confirm that he is alive.
There is no way to defeat the dragon.
There is no way to go there.
There is no way to know.
There is no way to open this door.
There is no way to prevent this.
There is no way we can do that on such short notice.
There is no way we will get there in time.
There is no way you can do it.
There is no way you're going out dressed like that.
There is no way!
There is no wedding without treats.
There is no welcome for the devil in Tom's house.
There is no wheat that I have not ground.
There is no wind today.
There is no wine in that bottle.
There is no wool so white that a dyer can't make it black.
There is no wool so white that a dyer can’t make it black.
There is no word for liberty in the Russian language.
There is no word for love in their language.
There is no word that has admitted of more various significations, and has made more different impressions on human minds, than that of Liberty.
There is no work left for Tom.
There is no worse fool, than an old fool.
There is no worse prison than the fear of hurting a loved one.
There is no yesterday nor any tomorrow, but only Now, as it was a thousand years ago and as it will be a thousand years hence.
There is nobody I love more than you.
There is nobody about.
There is nobody at home who knows that.
There is nobody better than you.
There is nobody but them.
There is nobody else with Santiago.
There is nobody else.
There is nobody in the library.
There is nobody in this country who got rich on his own — nobody.
There is nobody in this room.
There is nobody inside.
There is nobody left.
There is nobody like you.
There is nobody who fulfils these conditions.
There is nobody.
There is none left.
There is none other than you to whom I can leave this.
There is none so deaf as he who will not hear.
There is not God.
There is not a black man I know, be he a relative, a friend, or a co-worker, who has not been the subject of some kind of profiling or discrimination.
There is not a drop of water left.
There is not a grain of dust, not an atom that can become nothing, yet man believes that death is the annihilation of his being.
There is not a grain of truth in his story.
There is not a grain of truth in it.
There is not a language which doesn't have some loanwords.
There is not a language without some loanwords.
There is not a little hope of his recovery.
There is not a lot of foot traffic in this area so far as I have seen.
There is not a passion so strongly rooted in the human heart as envy.
There is not a physical explanation for this phenomenon yet.
There is not a ray of truth in it.
There is not a scrap of truth in his words.
There is not a shadow of doubt about his honesty.
There is not a single mistake in his paper.
There is not a store near my house.
There is not a word of truth in it.
There is not an answer for your question.
There is not an answer to your question.
There is not an iota, not a scintilla, not a hint of any real evidence.
There is not any fear of catching cold.
There is not any more room on this coat rack.
There is not brotherhood between them.
There is not enough bread for so many thieves.
There is not enough bread for so much chorizo.
There is not enough bread.
There is not enough butter.
There is not enough coffee.
There is not enough demand for this product.
There is not enough fruit.
There is not enough gruel.
There is not enough light to read.
There is not enough meat.
There is not enough memory to install this software.
There is not enough milk.
There is not enough tea.
There is not even a semblance of proof.
There is not much I can do to help, I am afraid.
There is not much difference between the two opinions.
There is not much difference between the two.
There is not much doubt about the cause of the fire.
There is not much fanfare here on Lulu Island this Halloween of 2021. It is rather quiet. The pizza vendor Rose said that she went with her family to the haunted house at the winery yesterday. It was very dark, she said.
There is not much hope.
There is not much more that police can do.
There is not much more to say.
There is not much possibility of his coming on time.
There is not much to say about me.
There is not much to say.
There is not much traffic on this road.
There is not one of us but wishes to succeed.
There is not one of us who does not want to help you.
There is not one person who is in agreement with the plan.
There is not past, no future; everything flows in an eternal present.
There is not snow in the mountain.
There is not the least wind today.
There is not the slightest doubt that the French team is the best.
There is nothing Baya can take because she's pregnant.
There is nothing Canada or Mexico can do to make U.S. Americans want drugs any less.
There is nothing God cannot do.
There is nothing I can do about that.
There is nothing I can do to change that.
There is nothing I can lose.
There is nothing I can tell you about women that you don't know.
There is nothing I congratulate myself on more heartily than on never having joined a sect.
There is nothing I could do to change it.
There is nothing I hate more than French-Berber or Arabic-Berber code switching.
There is nothing I hate more than technology.
There is nothing I like so much as the smell of roses.
There is nothing I wouldn't do for you, Mary.
There is nothing I wouldn't put up with for my children's happiness.
There is nothing Sami can do about it.
There is nothing Ziri can do.
There is nothing abnormal in having a child around forty.
There is nothing about Easter in the Bible.
There is nothing above love.
There is nothing as important as friendship.
There is nothing as relaxing as lying in a hot bath.
There is nothing better than a good coffee to start the day.
There is nothing better than breaking your bad habits.
There is nothing better than cheap, but "cheap and nasty"? Well, that is pointless, don't you agree?
There is nothing better than cold beer on a hot day.
There is nothing better than that.
There is nothing better than travelling while young.
There is nothing better than zopf.
There is nothing between us.
There is nothing but meetings and partings in this world.
There is nothing certain in the world.
There is nothing concealed that will not be revealed.
There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so.
There is nothing else in the fridge.
There is nothing else to be done.
There is nothing exciting about criminal life.
There is nothing exciting about the special forces. You just learn how to suffer and there is nothing good in that.
There is nothing for it but to do it this way.
There is nothing for it but to obey.
There is nothing for it but to put off our departure.
There is nothing for it but to wait and see.
There is nothing for me to do except to obey the order.
There is nothing for teenagers to do.
There is nothing for you to be afraid of.
There is nothing for you to be angry about.
There is nothing for you to do but obey the rules.
There is nothing for you to gain from my letting you know about my past.
There is nothing frightening about a normal, natural death, the death of a man who has fulfilled himself and lived out his life.
There is nothing funny about him.
There is nothing going on between Mary and me.
There is nothing going on between Tom and me.
There is nothing going on between me and Tom.
There is nothing going on between us.
There is nothing here but clothing.
There is nothing here but remote wilderness.
There is nothing here.
There is nothing holding Oleg here in Algeria.
There is nothing in biology yet found that indicates the inevitability of death. This suggests to me that it is not at all inevitable and that it is only a matter of time before biologists discover what it is that is causing us the trouble.
There is nothing in our pantry.
There is nothing in the Heavens and on the Earth that love cannot give.
There is nothing in the contract precluding you from hiring another lawyer.
There is nothing in the mind that was not first in the feelings.
There is nothing in the world but teaches us some good lesson.
There is nothing in the world from which we can't learn something.
There is nothing in the world from which we can’t learn something.
There is nothing in the world that doesn't teach us a good lesson.
There is nothing in this world constant, but inconstancy.
There is nothing in this world that I am afraid of.
There is nothing interesting in the newspaper today.
There is nothing interesting in the newspaper.
There is nothing left for him to do.
There is nothing left for me to do.
There is nothing left for them to do.
There is nothing left for them.
There is nothing left for us to do.
There is nothing left in my stomach, either.
There is nothing left in the fridge.
There is nothing left to buy at that store.
There is nothing left to discover.
There is nothing left to discuss.
There is nothing left to do aside from packing.
There is nothing left to eat.
There is nothing left to say!
There is nothing left to try.
There is nothing like a glass of beer after a whole day's work.
There is nothing like a glass of beer after a whole day’s work.
There is nothing like a walk.
There is nothing like air travel.
There is nothing like cold beer on a hot day.
There is nothing like dancing after all. I consider it as one of the first refinements of polished society.
There is nothing like fresh air.
There is nothing like home.
There is nothing like ice cream in the summer.
There is nothing like looking, if you want to find something.
There is nothing like reality to combat illusions.
There is nothing like sleep.
There is nothing like summer and ice cream.
There is nothing like the Quran.
There is nothing like the dull thud of nylon on nylon.
There is nothing like the smell of garlic cooking.
There is nothing like the smell of roasted coffee.
There is nothing more I can give you except my blood.
There is nothing more aggravating than a man who won't talk back—unless it is a woman who won't.
There is nothing more awful, insulting, and depressing than banality.
There is nothing more beautiful than love.
There is nothing more comforting than to be given a little kindness while travelling.
There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.
There is nothing more exciting than scuba diving.
There is nothing more important than friends.
There is nothing more important than friendship.
There is nothing more important than your health and well-being.
There is nothing more interesting than languages.
There is nothing more out-of-date than youthful entitlement.
There is nothing more permanent than a temporary solution.
There is nothing more permanent than the temporary.
There is nothing more precious than life.
There is nothing more refreshing than a cold beer on a hot day.
There is nothing more shameful than to say what one cannot say for certain.
There is nothing more to do except to pray.
There is nothing more to do.
There is nothing more to say!
There is nothing more to scrape.
There is nothing more useful than reading and comparing sentences from the languages ​​we want to learn.
There is nothing much we can do against the freaks of nature.
There is nothing new except what has been forgotten.
There is nothing new on the horizon.
There is nothing new transpired since I wrote you last.
There is nothing new under the moon.
There is nothing new under the sun but there are lots of old things we don't know.
There is nothing new under the sun.
There is nothing new under the sun. It has all been done before.
There is nothing objective that can explain subjectivity.
There is nothing of the banker in his bearing.
There is nothing on earth that is not affected by the sun.
There is nothing open.
There is nothing organic about Tom.
There is nothing permanent except change.
There is nothing physically wrong with Martino.
There is nothing questionable about him.
There is nothing quite as scary as the unknown.
There is nothing ready.
There is nothing remarkable about them.
There is nothing romantic between Tom and me.
There is nothing sacred to him.
There is nothing scarier than death.
There is nothing she can do.
There is nothing she must have.
There is nothing so deceptive as the distance of a light upon a pitch-dark night, and sometimes the glimmer seemed to be far away upon the horizon and sometimes it might have been within a few yards of us.
There is nothing so important as friendship.
There is nothing special about David without his money and gifts.
There is nothing special in the special forces. You just learn how to swim in shit, eat shit and live in shit.
There is nothing special interest to me.
There is nothing special, we just don't feel well.
There is nothing stopping you but yourself.
There is nothing superfluous, there is nothing lacking in nature's inventions.
There is nothing that God has judged good for us that He has not given us the means to accomplish, both in the natural and the moral world.
There is nothing that a bunch of youngsters like you could do.
There is nothing that can amaze my dad.
There is nothing that can be done at the moment.
There is nothing that can't be accomplished by an infinite number of cats.
There is nothing that can't be bought with money.
There is nothing that cannot be translated.
There is nothing that does not decay.
There is nothing that is interesting.
There is nothing that one cannot translate.
There is nothing that the gods may not do.
There is nothing that war has ever achieved we could not better achieve without it.
There is nothing that's holding me to you.
There is nothing the doctors can do to save Ziri's life.
There is nothing the matter with me.
There is nothing the matter with the motor.
There is nothing there.
There is nothing to add.
There is nothing to apologize for.
There is nothing to be afraid of there.
There is nothing to be afraid of.
There is nothing to be angry about.
There is nothing to be done about that.
There is nothing to be gained by flattery.
There is nothing to be gained by praising a spoiled child. They should be brought up strictly.
There is nothing to be had at that store.
There is nothing to be proud of.
There is nothing to be said.
There is nothing to be scared of.
There is nothing to be worried about.
There is nothing to blame me for.
There is nothing to cancel.
There is nothing to celebrate.
There is nothing to compare with her beauty.
There is nothing to complain about.
There is nothing to cry for.
There is nothing to do but apologize.
There is nothing to do here.
There is nothing to do today.
There is nothing to do, so I may as well go to bed.
There is nothing to do.
There is nothing to eat in the kitchen.
There is nothing to fear but fearlessness.
There is nothing to fear except fear itself.
There is nothing to fear.
There is nothing to him.
There is nothing to hinder me.
There is nothing to it.
There is nothing to negotiate with terrorists.
There is nothing to prevent my going.
There is nothing to prevent us from going.
There is nothing to regret.
There is nothing to report.
There is nothing to run around.
There is nothing to run.
There is nothing to say about these photos.
There is nothing to stick up for.
There is nothing to take charge of here.
There is nothing to translate today.
There is nothing to worry about in this city.
There is nothing to worry about, Gunter.
There is nothing to worry about.
There is nothing unusual about teenage sisters fighting.
There is nothing unusual about this individual.
There is nothing unusual about this.
There is nothing useless in nature.
There is nothing we can do to bring him back.
There is nothing we can do.
There is nothing which I dread so much as a division of the republic into two great parties, each arranged under its leader, and concerting measures in opposition to each other. This, in my humble apprehension, is to be dreaded as the greatest political evil under our Constitution.
There is nothing which exacts a higher price than revenge, yet is so futile.
There is nothing worse than a corrupt and incompetent doctor.
There is nothing worse than a passive-aggressive co-worker.
There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept.
There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a vague perception.
There is nothing worse than doing something in a half-hearted manner.
There is nothing wrong about the men hooked to that cartoon. The plot is very complex, and it's full of themes similar to great classics of literature.
There is nothing wrong with Jonas as far as I know.
There is nothing wrong with Ziri.
There is nothing wrong with boys wearing cosmetics.
There is nothing wrong with having big dreams.
There is nothing wrong with having romantic feelings for a friend.
There is nothing wrong with him.
There is nothing wrong with knowledge obtained by asking.
There is nothing wrong with speaking Berber in public.
There is nothing wrong with the Turkish people's power of perception.
There is nothing wrong with the car, apart from that it is on fire.
There is nothing wrong with the idea.
There is nothing wrong with this.
There is nothing wrong with you.
There is nothing you can do for her.
There is nothing you can do for him.
There is nothing you can do that I haven't already done to myself.
There is nothing you can do that I haven’t already done to myself.
There is nothing you have that I want.
There is nothing you have to be ashamed of.
There is nothing, perhaps, more unfashionable, not to say mischievous, in the eyes of the present generation, than what they denominate Enthusiasm; a temper of mind, which they are disposed to treat with the greatest contempt, as altogether unworthy of the enlightened period in which we live.
There is nothing.
There is now a subway in Rio.
There is now less flogging in our great schools than formerly, but then less is learned there; so that what the boys get at one end they lose at the other.
There is now no God and no Buddha.
There is nowhere in the Bible where Jesus says: "I am God."
There is nowhere in the whole world without poverty.
There is nowhere on earth I would rather be.
There is nowhere to run.
There is of course a way to explain it.
There is often a weird self-loathing going on among white liberals.
There is often fog in the morning.
There is often only one point between beauty and ugliness, and it is almost imperceptible.
There is often sultry weather in summer.
There is oil in hair in its natural state.
There is oil on the table.
There is one and only true god and it's the god of Islam.
There is one apple on the desk.
There is one big difference.
There is one book here.
There is one catch.
There is one caveat: the treatment does not always work.
There is one difference.
There is one electron in a hydrogen atom.
There is one important fact of which you are unaware.
There is one language that is never enough. And that language is VBA.
There is one less.
There is one more thing left you must learn.
There is one point which is not noted on the contract.
There is one possibility.
There is one problem.
There is one respect in which brutes show real wisdom when compared with us — I mean their quiet, placid enjoyment of the present moment.
There is one rule that works in every calamity. Be it pestilence, war, or famine, the rich get richer and poor get poorer. The poor even help arrange it.
There is one significant difference.
There is one single world.
There is one small problem with Sami's story.
There is one solution.
There is one thing I don't understand.
There is one thing I look back on with regret.
There is one thing I want to ask.
There is one thing I've never told you: I'm a superbeing!
There is one thing about being President—nobody can tell you when to sit down.
There is one thing on which everyone agrees: Yanni is an unfaithful man.
There is one thing that I can do to help.
There is one thing that I don't understand.
There is one thing that is certain.
There is one thing which we do every time we read, whether we are aware of it or not; we come in contact with the personality of the writer.
There is one vacancy.
There is one very noteworthy element in this stage.
There is one way.
There is one week left.
There is one world.
There is one, but it's a little far.
There is one, but it’s a little far.
There is only Ila in natural science major, while Aldi, Ifan, and Ati are in social science major.
There is only a marginal difference between the two.
There is only a poor market for silk now.
There is only a small audience today.
There is only a week left before the examination.
There is only happiness where there is virtue and serious effort, as life is not a game.
There is only love and happiness in Scatland. Hatred and resentment? Well that's unheard of. It's unheard of.
There is only one "lake" in Scotland: the Lake of Menteith. All the rest are "lochs", as in "Loch Ness".
There is only one Algeria and Kabylie is and will always be part of Algeria.
There is only one Algeria and Kabylie is part of Algeria.
There is only one Algeria and Kabylie is part of it.
There is only one Algeria.
There is only one God.
There is only one alternative.
There is only one arithmetic operation inherent in war: subtraction.
There is only one avenue to earn money.
There is only one bath towel.
There is only one book on the desk.
There is only one boy in the class.
There is only one bus every two hours.
There is only one can of meat left.
There is only one course to pursue.
There is only one day left, whether we like it or not.
There is only one evil woman in the world, but everyone thinks he has her.
There is only one exit.
There is only one failure in life possible, and that is not to be true to the best one knows.
There is only one god in Islam.
There is only one god worthy of worship.
There is only one horse capable of jumping over that gorge.
There is only one ideology at our company and it's hard work.
There is only one ideology at our company and it's professionalism.
There is only one inborn error, and that is the notion that we exist in order to be happy.
There is only one interpretation possible for this sentence.
There is only one meaning of life: the act of living itself.
There is only one misery, and that is ignorance.
There is only one of me.
There is only one opinion amongst all those who have tried to study the Buddhist monkhood—that their conduct is admirable.
There is only one pass over the mountain.
There is only one pillow there.
There is only one pillow.
There is only one problem: money.
There is only one religion, though there are a hundred versions of it.
There is only one sin in the world, and it is ignorance.
There is only one solution.
There is only one solution: surgery.
There is only one square on the board where I can land safely on my next turn.
There is only one star, the sun, in the solar system.
There is only one station in this town.
There is only one step between hatred to love.
There is only one store on the whole island.
There is only one supplier available.
There is only one thing as unavoidable as death: life.
There is only one thing that does not conform to the majority, and that is man's conscience.
There is only one thing to do.
There is only one tiny difference.
There is only one towel in our bathroom.
There is only one true gnosis: that I percept what I percept.
There is only one truth!
There is only one truth.
There is only one version of the Quran and it's the original one.
There is only one version of the Quran.
There is only one victor.
There is only one way Fadil and Layla can be together.
There is only one way Sami and Layla can be together.
There is only one way out.
There is only one way to be sure.
There is only one way to enlighten the world: to enlighten oneself.
There is only one world.
There is only one.
There is only space for thirty students in this classroom.
There is only you and me in our family.
There is our house.
There is oxygen in this bottle.
There is parking for customers.
There is plenty of fish in the sea. We'll find Rima someone soon.
There is plenty of food left if you'd like some.
There is plenty of food left if you’d like some.
There is plenty of food.
There is plenty of oxygen on Earth.
There is plenty of room for improvement in this dictionary.
There is plenty of room under the roof.
There is plenty of space in the loft for storage.
There is plenty of sunshine all year round.
There is plenty of water.
There is plenty of wear left in this suit yet.
There is poop on Michael's face.
There is power in Tom's eyes.
There is power in the union!
There is pressure on the cornea from the inside of the eye.
There is probably a lot of money in the bag.
There is probably an easy solution to the problem.
There is promising news for people with peanut allergies: researchers at a U.S. university have found a way to alter the nuts to make them hypoallergenic.
There is proof that Europeans visited what is now Canada about 500 years before Columbus set sail.
There is properly no history; only biography.
There is quite a bit of water remaining.
There is rarely a more beautiful exaggeration in the world than gratitude.
There is real love just as there are real ghosts; every person speaks of it, few persons have seen it.
There is really no reason for me to be doing this.
There is reason for hope.
There is relatively little variation in temperature here.
There is resistance.
There is respect between us.
There is resurgent populism around the globe, not just in this country.
There is rising violence against Muslims in this country.
There is room for everyone on Earth.
There is room for ten people at the table.
There is safety in numbers.
There is salt on the table.
There is sand at the bottom of the ocean.
There is security cooperation between Algeria and France.
There is semen in her socks.
There is semen in his socks.
There is silence.
There is simply no possibility of leaving the island.
There is smell of naphtha.
There is smoke coming from your dorm.
There is snow on the mountain.
There is snow on the mountains.
There is snow on the roof.
There is so much life in Kabylie.
There is so much magic at Disneyland.
There is so much misinformation about Islam that needs to be corrected.
There is so much misinformation about the coronavirus.
There is so much more to discover in Algeria.
There is so much pain in the world.
There is so much pollution in New York that joggers often wear masks when running.
There is so much to do and so little time.
There is so much to do, and only a lifetime to do it.
There is so much trash here.
There is so much work left to do in Algeria.
There is so much you can do.
There is so much.
There is some beer on the table.
There is some big animal out there.
There is some bread on the table.
There is some chocolate on the table.
There is some coal in the stream.
There is some coffee left.
There is some comfort in the emptiness of the sea, no past, no future.
There is some confusion as to who won.
There is some couscous in the plate.
There is some couscous in the refrigerator.
There is some couscous on the table.
There is some direct trade between Algeria and Tunisia but it is very minimal.
There is some evidence that taking several fish oil capsules per day could have beneficial effects on one's heart and blood pressure.
There is some evidence to suggest that the Bermuda Triangle is a place where a “magnetic” compass sometimes points towards “true” north, as opposed to “magnetic” north.
There is some fish there.
There is some flour on the table.
There is some good in every person if you can find it.
There is some good in every person if you can find it. It is a teacher's duty to find and develop it.
There is some honey on the table.
There is some hope.
There is some milk in the bottle.
There is some milk in the fridge.
There is some milk left in the fridge.
There is some milk left.
There is some milk on the table.
There is some money between us.
There is some money on the table.
There is some oil on the table.
There is some olive oil on the table.
There is some salt on the table.
There is some sugar in the bag.
There is some sugar on the table.
There is some tea on the table.
There is some time until my next visit.
There is some truth behind stereotypes.
There is some truth in that.
There is some truth in what Tom says.
There is some truth to every rumor.
There is some truth to this.
There is some type of predator in the area.
There is some unfinished business.
There is some virus on the computer.
There is some water in the cup.
There is some water in the well.
There is some water on the table.
There is some wind.
There is some wine on the table.
There is some work to do.
There is somebody in the meeting room.
There is somebody up there.
There is someone I am in love with, but who does not return my love. What should I do?
There is someone downstairs who would like to speak to you.
There is someone else here.
There is someone else in this room.
There is someone here.
There is someone in the attic.
There is someone in the house.
There is someone in there.
There is someone in this room.
There is someone looking for you.
There is someone who has passed wind amongst us.
There is something I don't understand.
There is something I don’t understand.
There is something I must know.
There is something I need to tell you.
There is something I want to get off my chest.
There is something I want to sing.
There is something I would like to tell you.
There is something Ziri can do.
There is something about him I don't like.
There is something about him I don’t like.
There is something awesome about the dawning of a new day.
There is something beautiful, touching and poetic when one person loves more than the other, and the other is indifferent.
There is something disturbing about this.
There is something else over here I want you to see.
There is something else.
There is something fishy here.
There is something for every liking.
There is something for everyone at this hotel.
There is something good with every evil.
There is something great and terrible about suicide.
There is something he will tell her.
There is something here.
There is something important Felix needs to see.
There is something important I want to discuss with you.
There is something in here.
There is something in my eye.
There is something in the water and it's swimming towards us.
There is something in the woods.
There is something inherently fascinating about science. Such a tiny investment in facts yields such a high return in predictions.
There is something more.
There is something mysterious about the accident.
There is something mysterious about the way Tom is behaving.
There is something or someone there.
There is something rotten in the state of Denmark.
There is something special about lesbians.
There is something suspicious about that woman.
There is something that I want to tell you.
There is something that Tom didn't tell Maria.
There is something that has not come out, and that housekeeper knows it.
There is something that makes me suffer.
There is something that really bothers me.
There is something that you need to know about this issue.
There is something that's killing cows in the area.
There is something there that needs to be fixed.
There is something to be said about the wholesomeness of that.
There is something to be said for every error; but, whatever may be said for it, the most important thing to be said about it is that it is erroneous.
There is something to experience there.
There is something to gain from failing.
There is something tropical and exotic about her which forms a singular contrast to her cool and unemotional brother.
There is something true in what she says.
There is something very charming about you.
There is something we can do.
There is something we could do.
There is something worse in life than failure: lack of initiative.
There is something wrong with me.
There is something wrong with my car.
There is something wrong with you.
There is something wrong.
There is something wrong: you're having a panic attack. It'll be over in twenty minutes tops.
There is something you must know.
There is something you need to know about Anna. As wonderful as she is, Fyodor, Anna is engaged to Boris and can't be anybody else's girlfriend.
There is something you should know.
There is something you should see.
There is something.
There is sorcery behind this, said a sinister voice coming from the crowd.
There is space under the bed.
There is still 20 minutes left; that is plenty of time.
There is still a chasm between Ukraine and Russia after days of video talks which have been led by Ukraine’s defense minister Oleksii Reznikov and Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak.
There is still a comma missing.
There is still a great deal about the human brain that we don't understand.
There is still a little milk in the bottle.
There is still a lot of poverty in Morocco.
There is still a lot of work ahead of us.
There is still a lot of work to do.
There is still a need to do so.
There is still a need to do that.
There is still a part of me that loves her.
There is still a small deer population in northeastern Algeria.
There is still a whole hour and a half before Berber class starts.
There is still half an hour for the train to start.
There is still hope in Algeria.
There is still much experts don't know about the new coronavirus.
There is still much more to be done.
There is still much work to be done in Algeria.
There is still much work to be done.
There is still no end in sight.
There is still nothing in the newspaper.
There is still one preliminary topic on which I feel that it is desirable to touch before proceeding to give an account of my experiments, and this has reference to the vivisection which many of these experiments have entailed.
There is still plenty to do.
There is still poverty in Algeria.
There is still room on the shelf for more books.
There is still serious racial hatred against black people.
There is still snow in our country.
There is still so much to learn from giraffes.
There is still something I don't understand.
There is still time to chase your dreams.
There is still time to go back.
There is still time to make your dreams come true.
There is still time to realize your dreams.
There is still time to save Sami.
There is still time to sort out your things.
There is strength in numbers.
There is strong public support for this bill.
There is strong shadow where there is much light.
There is such a concept as decency.
There is such a legal theory as "defamation by implication"; the meaning of a statement can be more than the sum of its words, superficially true but with a false intended meaning for a given audience.
There is such a multitude of stars that they cannot be counted.
There is such a thing as "Filipino English." Most Filipinos cannot pronounce English the way Americans do. So, when they speak English, they speak with a Filipino accent. There are also special local words that creep into it. Such includes food words like "hopia" and "pancit." But most of the time, the archipelagic lingua franca is really Taglish, the patois of code-switching between Tagalog and English. Filipinos reserve speaking pure English when Anglophone foreigners are present.
There is such a thing as decency.
There is such a thing as female circumcision.
There is sugar in that box.
There is superstition in Brazil.
There is tea on the table.
There is the Seine and here is the bridge.
There is the fountain and here is the metro.
There is the neighbor PatoÄka.
There is the neighbor Patočka.
There is the possibility of what he said being true.
There is the possibility that superintelligence or artificial intelligence that surpasses natural human intelligence would someday help humankind to accelerate progress in many fields, for example, space travel and food production.
There is the risk of losing users and incomes.
There is the same amount of medicine in these two bottles.
There is the scent of pineapples in the sun.
There is the train at 10 o'clock.
There is the train at 10 o’clock.
There is theine in tea, and caffeine in coffee.
There is there no uniform national standard.
There is this city here at hand, to which I may flee, it is a little one, and I shall be saved in it: is it not a little one, and my soul shall live?
There is time enough for everything, in the course of the day, if you do but one thing at once; but there is not time enough in the year, if you will do two things at a time.
There is to be a court ball tonight.
There is to be no fraternizing with the enemy.
There is to be no penalty without previous law.
There is too high a chance of that happening.
There is too much English in this world. The noisy working language of tourism is mainly English. If one goes to Bali, Cancun, Prague, etc., this phenomenon becomes evident.
There is too much acid in this orange.
There is too much at stake.
There is too much butter on those trays.
There is too much carbon emissions in the world.
There is too much furniture in the house.
There is too much furniture in this room.
There is too much jargon in this decree.
There is too much noise in this disco.
There is too much smoke in here.
There is too much that needs to be done!
There is too much to discuss about Algeria.
There is total mutual intelligibility between Kabyle and the Shenwa dialect.
There is trash strewn everywhere in the room. When on earth did you last clean it?
There is trouble brewing.
There is truth, and there are lies, and each of us has a duty, and a responsibility as citizens, to defend the truth and defeat the lies.
There is two spans between them.
There is uncertainty as to where he was going to be.
There is uneven tire wear evident here.
There is usually a cool breeze here in the evening.
There is usually an organ in a church.
There is usually good weather in November throughout Japan.
There is very high urban density in northern Algeria.
There is very little appetite in Beijing, in the current environment, for much dialogue, cooperation or compromise with US or her allies.
There is very little difference between one man and another; but what little there is, is very important.
There is very little difference between the auxiliary verbs.
There is very little hope of his success.
There is very little paper left, so order some more.
There is very little probability of an agreement being reached.
There is very little water in the glass.
There is very little water in your coffee.
There is very little wine in the bottle, if any.
There is violence and chaos in the streets.
There is war in Western Sahara.
There is water everywhere.
There is water ice on Mars.
There is water in the glass.
There is water on Mars.
There is water on the table.
There is water right here.
There is water underneath the fridge.
There is water.
There is wax on the carpet.
There is wet paint on the door.
There is widespread conviction that the prince should resign his claim to the throne.
There is widespread starvation in the country.
There is wind.
There is wine on the table.
There is wisteria around the castle lake.
There is yet one minor blemish.
There is yet time.
There is yogurt in the fridge.
There is your bag.
There is zero evidence that trans women have an unfair advantage over cis women in sports.
There is!
There is, besides, something in the appearance and bearing of a midwife upon those occasions which diffuses a spirit of buoyancy and light-heartedness not only through the immediate family, but also through all who may happen to participate in the ceremony, or partake of the good cheer.
There is, doubtless, no need to assure the reader that the events of Bob's life as hereinafter depicted are historically true; he was acquired by one of the poet's boys, who, forbidden to rob nests, remembers his fear, on the way home with Bob in his straw hat, that the account of the bird's helpless condition would not serve as a fair and reasonable excuse for keeping him as a pet.
There is, however, a problem.
There is, however, a striking uniformity in all the records as to the simple faith and almost fatalistic conviction of Daniel Boone that he was called to be a pathfinder for the new nation in America.
There is, perhaps, not one of our natural passions so hard to subdue as vanity.
There is: it is in the heart of the Chinese people.
There isn't a French edition of this book yet.
There isn't a Monday that would not cede its place to Tuesday.
There isn't a bad man in the world who has been able to get a good woman; similarly, there isn't a bad woman in the world who has been able to get a good man.
There isn't a book on the table.
There isn't a cat in the cinema.
There isn't a cat.
There isn't a cloud in the sky.
There isn't a cloud in the sky; it's not going to rain on us.
There isn't a day that goes by that I don't think about Tom.
There isn't a day that goes by that I don't think of you.
There isn't a day that goes by that I'm not proud of you.
There isn't a direct train. You must change in Paris.
There isn't a division in paragraphs.
There isn't a dog that's bigger than this.
There isn't a drop of water left.
There isn't a good psych ward for trans people around here.
There isn't a grain of truth in what he says.
There isn't a guard.
There isn't a kinder soul in Avonlea and she never shirks her share of work.
There isn't a life guard at the beach.
There isn't a lift in my building.
There isn't a moment to lose.
There isn't a moment to spare.
There isn't a morning that goes by where I don't think about Sami.
There isn't a person on the street.
There isn't a place in this market that isn't lively.
There isn't a precisely defined alternative.
There isn't a public lavatory.
There isn't a public toilet.
There isn't a right perspective or a wrong perspective for awareness to take. It seems to want to try them all.
There isn't a scrap of food in the refrigerator.
There isn't a second to waste.
There isn't a shortage of housing; it's just that people can't afford to live in the housing that exists.
There isn't a single cloud in the sky.
There isn't a single cloud today.
There isn't a single country left on the gold standard.
There isn't a single mistake in his paper.
There isn't a single pen on the desk.
There isn't a single person in the street.
There isn't a single place in Palestine where Jews settled where Arabs were not before.
There isn't a single thing here that isn't spicy.
There isn't a single tree here.
There isn't a table in the room.
There isn't a third option.
There isn't a word for that in French.
There isn't an orange on the table.
There isn't any beer in the fridge.
There isn't any cake left.
There isn't any chair in this room.
There isn't any coffee in the house.
There isn't any coffee left.
There isn't any difference.
There isn't any doubt Tom did that.
There isn't any doubt Tom will do that for us.
There isn't any doubt that Tom did that.
There isn't any doubt that Tom will do that for us.
There isn't any evidence that ever happened.
There isn't any evidence that that ever happened.
There isn't any excuse for that.
There isn't any film in this camera.
There isn't any fish there.
There isn't any food left.
There isn't any furniture in this room.
There isn't any furniture left in the room.
There isn't any glory in a nation that is built upon the destruction of nearly all native ethnic groups in North America.
There isn't any gold here.
There isn't any hope of his success.
There isn't any hope.
There isn't any ice cream left.
There isn't any meat in the refrigerator.
There isn't any milk in the fridge.
There isn't any milk in the glass.
There isn't any milk in the refrigerator.
There isn't any milk left.
There isn't any mistake.
There isn't any money in my wallet.
There isn't any more beer in the refrigerator.
There isn't any more cheese.
There isn't any more money to spend.
There isn't any more money.
There isn't any more red wine.
There isn't any more room.
There isn't any more time.
There isn't any need for Tom to do that.
There isn't any need for Tom to go there alone.
There isn't any need for you to rush.
There isn't any need to do that anymore.
There isn't any need to do that.
There isn't any need to speak so loud.
There isn't any need to worry about that happening again.
There isn't any need to worry about that happening.
There isn't any other method?
There isn't any other path Yanni can take.
There isn't any paper in the printer.
There isn't any possibility of Tom doing that.
There isn't any post in the letter box.
There isn't any problem at all.
There isn't any problem.
There isn't any proof Tom did that.
There isn't any proof that Tom did that.
There isn't any public transport in this town.
There isn't any reason to get upset.
There isn't any reason to panic.
There isn't any running water.
There isn't any snow on the ground.
There isn't any soap.
There isn't any solution.
There isn't any time to do that today.
There isn't any time to do that.
There isn't any time.
There isn't any toilet paper.
There isn't any water in the pool.
There isn't any water in the well.
There isn't any water in this glass.
There isn't any.
There isn't anybody else who can do this.
There isn't anybody else.
There isn't anybody here.
There isn't anybody in front of the main gate yet.
There isn't anybody in that room.
There isn't anybody there.
There isn't anybody.
There isn't anyone else here.
There isn't anyone else working tonight.
There isn't anyone here but us.
There isn't anyone here.
There isn't anyone in that room.
There isn't anyone in the room.
There isn't anyone in there.
There isn't anyone in this place.
There isn't anyone there.
There isn't anyone who knows everything from the outset.
There isn't anyone.
There isn't anything Bruno can do now.
There isn't anything Tom is afraid of.
There isn't anything Tom isn't afraid of.
There isn't anything anybody can do to avoid the inevitable.
There isn't anything anyone can do to avoid the inevitable.
There isn't anything down here.
There isn't anything down there.
There isn't anything else I can do.
There isn't anything in the box.
There isn't anything in the refrigerator.
There isn't anything left to eat.
There isn't anything left.
There isn't anything mankind can do about it.
There isn't anything that Tom could contribute here.
There isn't anything that anybody can do to avoid the inevitable.
There isn't anything that anyone can do to avoid the inevitable.
There isn't anything that can be done about that.
There isn't anything to celebrate.
There isn't anything to eat.
There isn't anything to say, everyone already knows the truth.
There isn't anything we can do about that.
There isn't anything wrong with the product.
There isn't anything.
There isn't anywhere else to park.
There isn't anywhere to park.
There isn't as much coffee left as I thought.
There isn't as much of a need for work as there used to be, and much of the work that exists is pointless.
There isn't as much rain this year compared to last summer.
There isn't enough bread for those who wake up late.
There isn't enough cake for everybody.
There isn't enough cake for everyone.
There isn't enough coffee for everybody.
There isn't enough coffee for everyone.
There isn't enough evidence.
There isn't enough food for everybody.
There isn't enough food for everyone.
There isn't enough food.
There isn't enough fresh water.
There isn't enough light to take pictures.
There isn't enough proof.
There isn't enough room at the table.
There isn't enough room for everybody.
There isn't enough room for everyone.
There isn't enough room in my car for six people.
There isn't enough room to swing a cat in his flat.
There isn't enough soup for everyone.
There isn't enough space here for 40 people.
There isn't enough space here for forty people.
There isn't enough time to do that now.
There isn't enough time to do that.
There isn't enough time to eat now.
There isn't enough time.
There isn't even a shadow of a doubt left.
There isn't even a single Spanish speaker here.
There isn't going to be a change.
There isn't going to be a next time.
There isn't going to be a war.
There isn't going to be an investigation.
There isn't going to be enough wine for everyone.
There isn't just one god.
There isn't money for food.
There isn't much I can do to help, I'm afraid.
There isn't much around here.
There isn't much butter left in the refrigerator.
There isn't much coffee left.
There isn't much conversation between my father and me.
There isn't much difference between the two opinions.
There isn't much difference between the two.
There isn't much doubt about the cause of the fire.
There isn't much employment for builders in my town.
There isn't much food left.
There isn't much furniture in my house.
There isn't much furniture in my room.
There isn't much hope that Tom will succeed.
There isn't much hope.
There isn't much left to say.
There isn't much logic in what you're saying.
There isn't much milk in the bottle.
There isn't much milk left in the bottle.
There isn't much milk left.
There isn't much money in this business.
There isn't much more I can add.
There isn't much more to add.
There isn't much nutrition in potato chips.
There isn't much room at my place.
There isn't much room.
There isn't much snow on the ground.
There isn't much sugar left in the sugar bowl.
There isn't much sunlight now.
There isn't much text in this book.
There isn't much that we can do to help.
There isn't much they need.
There isn't much time left.
There isn't much time.
There isn't much to say.
There isn't much to tell you.
There isn't much to tell.
There isn't much traffic on this road.
There isn't much water in the bottle.
There isn't much water in the bucket.
There isn't much water in the glass.
There isn't much water in the pond.
There isn't much we can do now.
There isn't much we can do to help.
There isn't much we can do to prepare for that.
There isn't much wind today.
There isn't much wine left.
There isn't one available.
There isn't one single cloud in the sky.
There isn't only one right answer, but that doesn't mean there are no wrong answers.
There isn't room for everyone.
There isn't the slightest doubt that this person is guilty.
There isn't time for that.
There isn't time to do that.
There isn't time to explain in detail.
There isn't time to explain.
There isn't time.
There isn’t a bad man in the world who has been able to get a good woman; similarly, there isn’t a bad woman in the world who has been able to get a good man.
There isn’t a cat.
There isn’t a grain of truth in what he says.
There isn’t a single cloud in the sky.
There isn’t a single mistake in his paper.
There isn’t a table in the room.
There isn’t any coffee in the house.
There isn’t any film in this camera.
There isn’t any hope of his success.
There isn’t any milk in the glass.
There isn’t any milk left.
There isn’t any soap.
There isn’t any solution.
There isn’t any water in the well.
There isn’t anybody else.
There isn’t anybody in front of the main gate yet.
There isn’t anyone in the room.
There isn’t anywhere else to park.
There isn’t enough bread for those who wake up late.
There isn’t enough space here for forty people.
There isn’t much butter left in the refrigerator.
There isn’t much furniture in my house.
There isn’t much furniture in my room.
There isn’t much logic in what you’re saying.
There isn’t much money in this business.
There isn’t much nutrition in potato chips.
There isn’t much wind today.
There isn’t time to explain in detail.
There is—in world affairs—a steady course to be followed between an assertion of strength that is truculent and a confession of helplessness that is cowardly.
There it is!
There it is, Tom.
There it is.
There it was.
There it's like here.
There just aren't enough customers.
There just might be another way to do that.
There just wasn't enough money.
There just wasn't enough time.
There lie many difficulties before us.
There lies the problem.
There live in this world people of all sorts of colors and manners and customs.
There lived a king in an old castle.
There lived a little flower in the world.
There lived a pretty girl in the village.
There lived an old couple in the woods.
There lived an old man in a village.
There lived an old man in the old house.
There lived once a great queen, in whose garden were found at all seasons the most splendid flowers, and from every land in the world.
There lives a lonely old man.
There lives an old man in the hut by the lake.
There lives an, in my opinion, idiotic man.
There may actually be another way to do this.
There may actually be another way.
There may be a better solution.
There may be a better way to do this.
There may be a faster way to do this.
There may be a killer who looks harmless in any social network.
There may be a new lead in the "Tom" case: last week, a farmer, who was ploughing his field near the place where Tom's car was found abandoned twenty years ago, discovered human bones.
There may be a problem here.
There may be a problem with Tom.
There may be a problem with that.
There may be a range of opinions between us.
There may be a reason for that.
There may be a reduction of vowels.
There may be a slight problem.
There may be a spy around.
There may be a way.
There may be advantages to this.
There may be another way to do this.
There may be another way.
There may be disagreements on various issues.
There may be discussions about it.
There may be hope for Tom yet.
There may be hope for you yet.
There may be life on the moons of Jupiter.
There may be love without jealousy, but there is none without fear.
There may be manufacturing defects.
There may be microscopes involved, bringing us ever closer to the heart of the matter; but even microbiology is objective, adding to knowledge by putting space between an object and its observer.
There may be more delays.
There may be more questions later.
There may be more than one possibility.
There may be more.
There may be no solution to this problem.
There may be nothing to worry about.
There may be other alternatives that we have not thought of yet.
There may be other alternatives that we haven't thought of yet.
There may be other alternatives we haven't thought of yet.
There may be other factors that intervene in the relation between these two constants.
There may be other options that we haven't thought of yet.
There may be other options we haven't thought of yet.
There may be others.
There may be parallel Earths in parallel universes in which conditions are more favourable for their inhabitants, such as better historical outcomes or more beautiful linguistic ecologies. Nevertheless, in our own universe, there may be other worlds inhabited by sentients, and their conditions are better than ours.
There may be several variants.
There may be some scars.
There may be some truth in your story.
There may be some truth to this.
There may be somebody in the next room.
There may be something in the next room.
There may be something there.
There may be something wrong with you.
There may be thieves, fakers, perverts or killers in social networks. For your security, you shouldn't believe them.
There may be thieves, fakers, perverts or killers in social networks. For your security, you shouldn’t believe them.
There may be truth in the things he said.
There may be two cases here.
There may even be some who choose not to do anything.
There may even be some who choose to not do anything.
There may have been a misunderstanding.
There may have been as many as four different Ice Ages in the past.
There may problems with homonyms in a language. I was talking to a friend about how I detested the Western business suit with its "tie" that choked the neck. He thought that I was obliquely referring to "Thai," which was not my intention. In my head, I wanted to use the French word "cravate," but he did not know French. Homonyms may be a problem in effective communication.
There may still be an opportunity to do that.
There may yet be ways in the future for instantaneous learning, and computer-brain interfaces are still embryonic technology, as well as biochemical memory mechanisms.
There meet we.
There might be a big stock of old English-language sci-fi books that may have not yet been digitized or scanned.
There might be a gas leak in our house.
There might be a perfectly innocent explanation.
There might be a problem with Tom.
There might be an issue with the connection.
There might be another way to do that.
There might be another way.
There might be better way to do this.
There might be casualties.
There might be delays in language development.
There might be doctors there.
There might be manufacturing defects.
There might be more beer in the fridge.
There might be more butter in the refrigerator.
There might be more.
There might be other alternatives that we haven't thought of yet.
There might be other alternatives we haven't thought of yet.
There might be problems.
There might be something wrong with Lorenzo.
There might be something you can do.
There might be trouble.
There might have been a miscalculation.
There might have been an error during transmission.
There might have been snow on the road when the accident occurred.
There might have been something in the box.
There might not be enough room in the car for Tom.
There might've been a mix-up.
There must always be two parties to a quarrel, says the old adage.
There must be a balance between chaos and law.
There must be a better person for both of us.
There must be a better way of doing this.
There must be a better way to do this.
There must be a bug going around.
There must be a chance.
There must be a cheaper way to do this.
There must be a chink in the armour somewhere.
There must be a connection between these murders.
There must be a conventional procedure having a conventional effect.
There must be a creator who made all of this.
There must be a defect in the experimental method.
There must be a distributor who has those parts in stock.
There must be a door here somewhere.
There must be a door somewhere around here.
There must be a faster way to do this.
There must be a fire nearby.
There must be a god who made all of this.
There must be a limit to the mistakes one person can make, and when I get to the end of them, then I'll be through with them. That's a very comforting thought.
There must be a logical explanation for this.
There must be a logical explanation for what happened.
There must be a logical explanation.
There must be a machine somewhere what creates dozens of sentences about the acts of Tom and Mary.
There must be a mistake.
There must be a misunderstanding.
There must be a more efficient way to do this.
There must be a pattern.
There must be a rational explanation for this.
There must be a reason Tom isn't here.
There must be a reason that Tom and Mary aren't here.
There must be a reason that Tom isn't here.
There must be a reason why Tom did that.
There must be a scientific explanation for this.
There must be a shortcut.
There must be a solution to this problem.
There must be a solution.
There must be a space after periods and commas.
There must be a spring here somewhere.
There must be a spy among us.
There must be a sustained effort to listen to each other; to learn from each other; to respect one another; and to seek common ground.
There must be a valid reason.
There must be a way out.
There must be a way to arrive at a diplomatic solution.
There must be a way to cross the river.
There must be a way we can convince Tom to work for us.
There must be a way.
There must be active and enforceable mechanisms to protect copyright exceptions and limitations, including fair use and fair dealing regimes.
There must be adaptations in the translations.
There must be an easier way to do that.
There must be an easier way to do this.
There must be an entrance somewhere.
There must be an explanation for it.
There must be an explanation.
There must be an investigation.
There must be another explanation for it.
There must be another way out.
There must be another way to do that.
There must be another way we can help Tom.
There must be another way.
There must be democracy, not plutocracy.
There must be enough space between you and the car in front of you.
There must be enough space for the tire in my trunk.
There must be equal pay for equal work, and where this is not the case, the abuse must be resisted at all costs.
There must be lots of places in Australia you haven't seen yet.
There must be lots of places in Boston that you haven't seen yet.
There must be lots of places in Boston you haven't seen yet.
There must be more options.
There must be more than fifty ways to kill and butcher a live chicken.
There must be more.
There must be only but a few rules; moreover, they have to be simple.
There must be peace.
There must be reasons that justify his absence.
There must be respect in the family.
There must be several injured.
There must be some hope.
There must be some kind of mistake.
There must be some kind of misunderstanding.
There must be some kind of problem.
There must be some mistake.
There must be some misunderstanding between us.
There must be some misunderstanding.
There must be some reason for what he has done.
There must be some solution to the problem.
There must be some sort of give-and-take.
There must be some way of traversing the river.
There must be some way out of here.
There must be some way out.
There must be some way to cross the river.
There must be some way to solve this.
There must be some way we can fix this.
There must be some way we can help Tom.
There must be somebody else up here.
There must be someone behind this affair.
There must be someone else living on the island.
There must be someone else up here.
There must be someone somewhere who likes Tom.
There must be something at the back of the matter.
There must be something at the back of this matter.
There must be something at the bottom of all this.
There must be something else to drink.
There must be something else to eat.
There must be something else we can do.
There must be something heavy in it.
There must be something here to eat.
There must be something in the box.
There must be something in the water.
There must be something in there.
There must be something that can help me.
There must be something to it.
There must be something we can do.
There must be something wrong with me.
There must be something wrong with the engine.
There must be something wrong with the machine.
There must be something wrong with the pen he is using.
There must be something wrong with you.
There must be something you can do.
There must have been a large audience at the concert.
There must have been a mistake.
There must have been a tacit understanding between them.
There must have been a unique combination of circumstances that mysteriously caused a vast improvement in his health.
There must have been an accident up ahead.
There must have been some more tea in the pot.
There must of course be a relationship between translating and making poems of your own, but what it is I just don't know.
There must sometimes be some fun between two people.
There must've been a large audience at the concert.
There must've been a mistake.
There must've been a tacit understanding between them.
There must've been an accident up ahead.
There must've been some more tea in the pot.
There need to be more vegan fast food restaurants.
There need to be new regulations for export businesses.
There needs to be a change.
There needs to be a decision.
There needs to be a full stop at the end of a sentence.
There needs to be a period at the end of a sentence.
There needs to be a plan B.
There needs to be a punishment.
There needs to be a separation between politics and religion.
There needs to be an answer. Everything has an answer.
There needs to be mutual respect within a couple.
There needs to be one democratic states for the Jews and the Palestinians between the Mediterranean and the Jordan river.
There never failed the pillar of the cloud by day, nor the pillar of fire by night, before the people.
There never seemed to be enough time to eat.
There never seemed to be time to eat.
There never seems to be enough food to go around.
There never was a good war nor a bad peace.
There never was any real danger.
There nothing so difficult but it becomes easy by practice.
There on the top of a high mountain they built a small town of their own and lived in peace.
There once lived a merchant whose name was Mark, and whom people called 'Mark the Rich.'
There once lived a rich man in this town.
There once lived an old man on that island.
There once was a boy called Tom.
There once was a boy.
There once was a bridge here a long time ago.
There once was a little spirit that the children loved. Usually in the forest he would sing his songs and play the flute and mess about with the birds and other such beasts. At times he would come out to the village where the people lived and play with the children he liked.
There once was a tiny sprite, much loved by children. She would frolic with the birds and the beasts in the forest, and sing songs, or play her flute; sometimes, she would visit the village, where the humans lived, and cavort with her favorite boys and girls.
There once were many nymphs and goddesses in the forests and waters.
There one would learn much self-control.
There ought to be a better bus service.
There ought to be a book written about me.
There ought to be consequences.
There ought to be more buses during the rush hours.
There points can be brought under the same heading.
There probably is some truth to that.
There probably isn't a language without loanwords.
There really is no comparison.
There really is no difference.
There really is something wrong.
There really is such a thing as Internet addiction.
There really isn't very much you can do.
There really was an Alice, but Wonderland is a figment of the imagination.
There really wasn't anything that doctors could do for Layla.
There really wasn't anything that the doctor could do for Tom.
There really wasn't anything that the doctors could do to Tom.
There really wasn't anything the doctors could do to Tom.
There really weren't any challenges.
There reigned at that time a certain king named Busiris, a very cruel man who was accustomed to sacrificing human lives.
There remain approximately 900 art sketches by Leonardo da Vinci.
There remain great fears of seeing the clashes degenerate into massacres.
There remain only a few ruins.
There remain only two weeks till Christmas.
There remained no more than 20 people in the village.
There remained only the cherries.
There remains nothing to be desired.
There seem to be a few people here.
There seem to be a lot of people here.
There seem to be dangerous developments in the military.
There seem to be few people who can solve that math problem.
There seem to be ghosts in this old house.
There seem to be lots and lots of stars.
There seem to be only three of them.
There seem to be quite a few people here.
There seem to be several reasons for his failure.
There seem to be several reasons for that.
There seem to be some pictures missing from this album.
There seemed to be no answer to the problem.
There seemed to be no women in the park.
There seemed to be nothing left to do.
There seemed to be nothing to do.
There seemed to be nothing we could do to help.
There seemed to be nothing we could do.
There seemed to be several explanations of the case, but the police hit on the right one the first time.
There seemingly was an awful storm in the night. There must have been quite a commotion, but I didn't hear a thing.
There seems no doubt about it.
There seems no need to help that country.
There seems no need to hurry.
There seems to be a Trotskyist-to-neoconservative pipeline, at least in the English-speaking world.
There seems to be a big crowd gathering outside our office building.
There seems to be a blizzard coming.
There seems to be a difference in outlook between us.
There seems to be a flu epidemic.
There seems to be a hidden meaning to his words.
There seems to be a large number of people in Japan with high blood pressure.
There seems to be a lift over there.
There seems to be a lot of rich people living in this part of town.
There seems to be a mistake.
There seems to be a misunderstanding.
There seems to be a problem.
There seems to be a scarcity of Austrian chat rooms in the Web.
There seems to be a sentence or paragraph missing on page three.
There seems to be a slight difference on the treatment of the B factor between their approaches.
There seems to be an issue with the plug-in.
There seems to be an issue with the program.
There seems to be evidence suggesting Tom was responsible for Mary's death.
There seems to be evidence suggesting Tom was the one who stole Mary's bracelet.
There seems to be little agreement as to how to preserve the evidence in such cases.
There seems to be no ceiling on price increases.
There seems to be no end to the number of young people committing suicide these days.
There seems to be no need to go.
There seems to be no need to hurry.
There seems to be no one here.
There seems to be no one in.
There seems to be no one there.
There seems to be no one waiting for us.
There seems to be no one willing to help.
There seems to be no possibility of compromise.
There seems to be no sign of intelligent life anywhere.
There seems to be no way out of here.
There seems to be no way out of this vicious circle.
There seems to be no way out.
There seems to be only one way out of here.
There seems to be so much litter everywhere these days.
There seems to be some dark meaning in his words.
There seems to be some genetic problem with this animal.
There seems to be some problem with the exhaust system.
There seems to be something inside the pocket of this coat.
There seems to be something out there.
There seems to be something peculiar about the boy.
There seems to be something wrong with my clock.
There seems to be something wrong with our telephone.
There seems to be something wrong with this clock.
There seems to be something wrong.
There seems to be very little research on parents who have ADHD, and the effects their behaviors have on their non-ADHD children.
There shall be no hindrances to my malicious plan.
There she blows!
There she comes.
There she is!
There she is.
There she sat grinning at them, mopping and mowing, as I heard the expression used; in a word, absolutely insane.
There she stands.
There she stayed until Soviet soldiers freed her.
There should always be a water source nearby.
There should be a box of matches in the top drawer.
There should be a bus service.
There should be a celebration.
There should be a comma before "wenn".
There should be a comma here.
There should be a convenience store around here.
There should be a key somewhere.
There should be a law against computer hacking.
There should be a law against it.
There should be a law against that.
There should be a little more in the bottle.
There should be a pattern.
There should be a public transit makeover reality show. "The train upholstery, so badly outdated, required a virtual army of upholsterers to complete the makeover overnight."
There should be a reservation for Elena.
There should be an easier way to do that.
There should be an harmonious relation between student and teacher.
There should be enough food for both Tom and Mary.
There should be enough food for everybody.
There should be four wires here but there are only two.
There should be more communication between the persons concerned.
There should be more national hospitals for old people.
There should be more people here by now.
There should be more sentences in minority languages in Tatoeba.
There should be mutual respect and understanding between Algeria and France.
There should be no cause for hoarding gasoline.
There should be no confusion between these two completely different institutions: the "European Council" comprises the heads of state and government of the European Union. In the "Council of Europe" there are 47 states, including Russia and the Caucasian republics.
There should be no kinks.
There should be no minimum wage.
There should be no regulations.
There should be no secrets between us.
There should be nothing about us without us.
There should be nothing on the tray except food!
There should be one - and preferably only one - obvious way to do it.
There should be one democratic state in Palestine, not two state condoning injustice and apartheid.
There should be plenty of time to do that.
There should be some type of checks and balances.
There should be something for us to talk about.
There should not be ethnic hatred in Algeria.
There should've been a plan.
There shouldn't be any commas in this sentence.
There shouldn't be any major problems.
There shouldn't be any more problems.
There shouldn't be any problem.
There shouldn't be any problems.
There shouldn't be anyone here.
There shouldn't be billionaires.
There shouldn't be nation-states. Every state should be for all its citizens.
There shouldn't be states.
There shouldn't be the freedom to ruin freedom.
There shouldn’t be any issues.
There simply isn't enough money.
There soon emerged a development which no one had anticipated.
There stands a beautiful church on the hill.
There stands a cottage close to the forest.
There stands my computer.
There still aren't any highways in this mountain region. All goods are transported on the backs of people and horses.
There still aren't any subtitles for this movie.
There still is time until leaving.
There still may be some food on the table.
There still remains much to be done.
There still weren't any visible signs of spring.
There still weren’t any visible signs of spring.
There stood a city, fronting far away / the mouths of Tiber and Italia's shore, / a Tyrian settlement of olden day, / rich in all wealth, and trained to war's rough lore, / Carthage the name, by Juno loved before / all places, even Samos.
There stood a little boy, almost naked; the water trickled down from his long flaxen hair; he was shivering with cold, and had he been left much longer out in the street, he would certainly have perished in the storm.
There stood a statue in the middle of the square.
There sure are a lot of mosquitoes in this room.
There sure are a lot of people at Sensouji.
There sure have been a lot of out of state plates here lately.
There sure is a lot of traffic on the road today.
There sure is a lot of traffic today.
There sure were a lot of people on the beach today.
There sure were a lot of unhappy people there on that day.
There surely must be an easier way to do it.
There the guests can leave their clothes.
There the spider waits for small insects like butterflies and dragonflies to be trapped.
There the unmanned probe will begin mapping the surface of the moon and conducting other explorations over a period of about a year.
There then began a period of feverish activity.
There they are behind you.
There they are.
There they are: the grandfather and his son.
There they buried him, and Sara his wife: there was Isaac buried with Rebecca, his wife: there also Lia doth lie buried.
There they go again.
There they perform stabilizing surgery and treat critical injuries, so that patients can be moved to a hospital with capacity for the remainder of their treatment.
There they stayed for a few days.
There turned out to be sooooo many people at the office!
There used to a bridge here a long time ago.
There used to be a bake-shop on this corner.
There used to be a bank here, but it closed down a couple of years ago.
There used to be a bank here.
There used to be a bar there.
There used to be a big cherry tree at the back of my house.
There used to be a big cherry tree behind my house.
There used to be a big cherry tree in the garden.
There used to be a big park here.
There used to be a big pine tree in front of my house.
There used to be a big pond around here.
There used to be a big pond here.
There used to be a bookshop on the corner.
There used to be a bookstore on that corner.
There used to be a boy in our neighborhood named Tom.
There used to be a boy in our neighborhood named Tom. I wonder if he's the same Tom you're talking about.
There used to be a bridge between two river banks.
There used to be a bridge here.
There used to be a bridge there.
There used to be a building here.
There used to be a building on that corner.
There used to be a bus stop here.
There used to be a cafe next to the school.
There used to be a castle here.
There used to be a castle on the hill.
There used to be a castle on the other side of this river.
There used to be a castle on the top of the mountain.
There used to be a castle on this hill.
There used to be a cathedral here.
There used to be a cemetery here.
There used to be a church across the street.
There used to be a church around here.
There used to be a church here.
There used to be a coffee shop near the park.
There used to be a coffee shop near the school.
There used to be a drugstore on that corner.
There used to be a fireplace here but I guess it's been torn down.
There used to be a fireplace here but I guess it’s been torn down.
There used to be a flower shop on that corner.
There used to be a garden here.
There used to be a garden in our yard.
There used to be a gas station here.
There used to be a giant statue of Athena inside the Parthenon.
There used to be a great castle on that hill.
There used to be a green field here; now there's a supermarket.
There used to be a green field here; now there’s a supermarket.
There used to be a grocery store around the corner.
There used to be a hotel about here.
There used to be a hotel around here.
There used to be a house here at one time.
There used to be a house here.
There used to be a hut about here.
There used to be a hut around here.
There used to be a jukebox over there.
There used to be a lamppost here.
There used to be a large cedar tree there.
There used to be a large park here.
There used to be a library here.
There used to be a lot of fish in any river in Japan.
There used to be a lot of fish in this lake, but not anymore.
There used to be a lot of frogs in this pond.
There used to be a lot of red-light cinemas in my town.
There used to be a lot of small creeks in old time Shanghai, which included Zhaojia Creek and Yangjing Creek, but they're all covered up nowadays.
There used to be a lot of small creeks in old time Shanghai, which included Zhaojia Creek and Yangjing Creek, but they’re all covered up nowadays.
There used to be a lot of stray dogs around here.
There used to be a petrol station here.
There used to be a pier here.
There used to be a police station in front of this bus stop.
There used to be a pond around here.
There used to be a pond here where you could see many swans.
There used to be a post office across the street.
There used to be a post office here.
There used to be a post office on the corner.
There used to be a prison here.
There used to be a public library in our neighborhood.
There used to be a restaurant in front of this bus stop.
There used to be a school across the street from us.
There used to be a school here.
There used to be a shop here.
There used to be a shop here. You could buy groceries there.
There used to be a small bridge over the river 10 years ago.
There used to be a small castle on this hill.
There used to be a small shrine around here.
There used to be a statue of a lion at the gate.
There used to be a store here.
There used to be a store right here.
There used to be a supermarket here.
There used to be a synagogue here.
There used to be a tall tree near the temple.
There used to be a temple right here.
There used to be a time when we told each other everything.
There used to be a train station here.
There used to be a tree here that gave us lots of shade. Now a nightclub has taken its place.
There used to be a tree here.
There used to be a vegetable garden in our yard.
There used to be a village here before the dam was made.
There used to be a warehouse here.
There used to be an abbey here.
There used to be an art museum in this neighborhood.
There used to be an elementary school here.
There used to be an old temple here.
There used to be areas of low barometric pressure, but not anymore.
There used to be big trees around my house.
There used to be big trees around the pond.
There used to be conductors on town buses who would sit to the left of the entrance, selling tickets to passengers.
There used to be families of boatbuilders in the town.
There used to be houses here.
There used to be huts in this area.
There used to be lions in Iran.
There used to be lions in the Levant.
There used to be lots of fireflies around here.
There used to be meat only on Sunday.
There used to be more people here.
There used to be no freedom of the press.
There used to be only two restaurants in town—now there are ten.
There used to be other pictures hanging here.
There used to be rice fields around here.
There used to be signs all over America reading "No Blacks, Jews or Dogs Allowed."
There used to be six identical mugs, but one had broken.
There used to be smoking rooms in psych wards.
There used to be some big trees around the pond.
There used to be some common ground.
There used to be something completely different here.
There used to be something here.
There used to live a scary monster.
There usually aren't this many cars on the road this early in the morning.
There usually aren't this many people here.
There usually isn't much traffic on this road.
There was a Brazilian girl in my class last year.
There was a European atmosphere in the city.
There was a Persian cat sleeping on the table.
There was a TV in Martino's room.
There was a bad smell.
There was a banner on the wall that said "Happy Birthday."
There was a bar inside the marquee at the village fete selling lukewarm beer and cider.
There was a bathroom in the basement.
There was a bear crossing the highway.
There was a beautiful chandelier hanging from the ceiling.
There was a beautiful woman with black hair in the park.
There was a beehive on the tree.
There was a better way to tackle that.
There was a big audience at the concert.
There was a big clock hanging on the wall.
There was a big demonstration on the road outside my house earlier.
There was a big earthquake last night.
There was a big fire in Boston yesterday.
There was a big fire in my neighborhood.
There was a big fire in the store.
There was a big fire in the village.
There was a big fire last night.
There was a big fire near my house last night.
There was a big gold star on the door.
There was a big parade today.
There was a big party at Tom's place last weekend.
There was a big party that night.
There was a big picture of Stalin's beaming face staring down at us.
There was a big reception after the wedding.
There was a big rock concert in 1970.
There was a big scandal.
There was a big snake wrapped around Ziri's leg.
There was a big snowball fight.
There was a big snowfall.
There was a big snowstorm in Madrid.
There was a big snowstorm there last night.
There was a big snowstorm.
There was a big storm the year Clyde planned to go to college. The family's crops were ruined by the storm. There was no money to pay for college.
There was a big tree in front of my house.
There was a bigger Starbucks and a smaller Starbucks there.
There was a birch tree in our garden, but it died.
There was a bird in the cage.
There was a bird inside Boris’s car.
There was a bite in his remark.
There was a black jacket on the book.
There was a black van parked in front of Tom's house.
There was a blackout, so I reset my VCR's time, but I was off by an hour, so I missed my appointment.
There was a blizzard that night.
There was a blood trail on the ground.
There was a bloody footprint on the floor near the door.
There was a blue notebook on the table.
There was a boat race last night.
There was a body in the basement.
There was a bomb scare.
There was a border skirmish. The road to the airport is blocked.
There was a bottle here. Where is it now?
There was a bottle of wine left.
There was a bowling trophy on the shelf above Tom's desk.
There was a box inside the box.
There was a box on the side.
There was a boy named Johnny, he had a modest look of a lamb.
There was a brass quintet playing in the lobby of the hotel.
There was a breathlessness, an apprehension, a realization that something was wrong, and a sense that things more catastrophic were gestating in the womb of the future.
There was a bridge across each river.
There was a bridge across the river.
There was a bridge here when I was a kid.
There was a bridge made of stone that crosses the river.
There was a bridge over there.
There was a bridge there.
There was a brief break in the discussion.
There was a brief pause and then the music began.
There was a brief silence.
There was a broken chair in the basement.
There was a broken cup on the table.
There was a broken piece of glass in the tire.
There was a bucket to catch the drops from the ceiling.
There was a bug in my Address Book and many addresses including yours were deleted.
There was a bullet hole in the windshield.
There was a bunch of Legos sitting on the couch.
There was a bunch of cars in the parking lot.
There was a bunch of geese flying in different groups.
There was a bunch of trash lying in front of the garbage chute.
There was a burglar in the house.
There was a bus blocking the road.
There was a bus every hour.
There was a bus in the way.
There was a bus schedule on the wall.
There was a bus stop at the foot of the hill.
There was a bus stop just outside the window where people would queue and get on and off buses all day.
There was a bus stop just outside the window.
There was a cafe in the village, with tables outside.
There was a call from your mobile phone company.
There was a calm after the storm.
There was a calm wind yesterday.
There was a campsite on the top of that hill.
There was a capital T for toilet on the door.
There was a car accident and the traffic didn't move an inch.
There was a car accident and the traffic didn’t move an inch.
There was a car accident in the right lane.
There was a car accident near here, wasn't there?
There was a car accident near here, wasn’t there?
There was a car accident on the way home from work.
There was a car accident yesterday.
There was a car accident.
There was a car in the middle of the road.
There was a car with a girl leaning up against it.
There was a castle here many years ago.
There was a cat on the ship.
There was a cat on the table.
There was a centipede in the garage.
There was a certain obstinacy in his voice.
There was a certain stubbornness in his voice.
There was a chain accident during rush hour.
There was a chain-reaction crash during rush hour.
There was a chandler making candle, When he them stript, he did them handle.
There was a change in Sami's plans.
There was a cheese and wine reception.
There was a cheetah behind that rock.
There was a cherry tree growing in the garden.
There was a chicken.
There was a child involved.
There was a chimney with a tank of water underneath which was boiling some water in a large stove
There was a chocolate fountain at the party.
There was a cholera epidemic in Haiti.
There was a chorus of hearty approvals.
There was a church here once.
There was a class reunion after 30 years.
There was a clean world a long time ago.
There was a clicking.
There was a closet door right next to the bathroom.
There was a cluster of large rocks in the area.
There was a cold wind blowing from the north.
There was a collision on the motorway.
There was a colorful spread of fresh vegetables and dips.
There was a commotion by the front door area.
There was a commotion outside the basement.
There was a commotion when store security guards detained some young men for shoplifting.
There was a complete silence for a moment.
There was a complete volte-face on taxes that occurred.
There was a complication.
There was a conflict between Yanni and Rima.
There was a conflict, right?
There was a confrontation between Tom and Mary.
There was a considerable difference between the ages of my parents, but this circumstance seemed to unite them only closer in bonds of devoted affection.
There was a conspiracy to kill Yanni.
There was a construction crew repairing the sidewalk.
There was a continuous line of cars.
There was a controversy about the location of the new school.
There was a convention last month.
There was a cool wind.
There was a cottage on the side of the hill.
There was a country song playing on the jukebox.
There was a crack in my tennis racket, so I sent it out to be repaired.
There was a crack in the mirror.
There was a crash on Route 66 today.
There was a crash.
There was a creek about a mile from where we were.
There was a crescent moon that night.
There was a cross hanging on the wall.
There was a crowd of panicked buyers.
There was a crowd of people at the entrance of the theater.
There was a crowd of students waiting in front of the library.
There was a cruel king who oppressed people.
There was a crush at the door, because everyone wanted to be first into the hall to get a good seat.
There was a cry of alarm.
There was a curious mixture of stupendous Samaritanism and tremendous indifference.
There was a curtain which was covering the door.
There was a customer in the store.
There was a dance at our club.
There was a danger of Atticus' land at Buthrotum being confiscated, as Caesar was thinking of planting a colony there.
There was a danger of civil war.
There was a danger the smallpox could spread.
There was a dead cat in that plastic bag.
There was a dead gazelle carcass there.
There was a dead pause of surprise, not unmixed with less pleasant feelings.
There was a dead silence.
There was a deadly earnestness about Tom. I think he's serious.
There was a deafening roar.
There was a death in the family.
There was a deathly silence in the room.
There was a deathly silence in the room. Nobody dared to interrupt Tom.
There was a decapitated body on the coroner's table.
There was a decent number of people there.
There was a decomposing snail in the beer bottle.
There was a decorative pilaster to either side of the building's entrance.
There was a deep crack in the ice.
There was a deep pond there ten years ago.
There was a deer in the middle of the road.
There was a deer in the road.
There was a deer walking through the meadow.
There was a delay.
There was a demon hiding inside Stefan’s human form.
There was a densely woven curtain on the window, so it couldn't be seen through from outside.
There was a deserted campsite in the clearing.
There was a detour on the road.
There was a diaper in the box.
There was a different kind of atmosphere in the headquarters.
There was a dim street light illuminating the cul-de-sac.
There was a discussion on the measures.
There was a dispute about our bill.
There was a dog head sitting in the middle of a circle of candles.
There was a dog in her backyard.
There was a door in the back of the mansion that led down into the basement.
There was a door in the corner of the cabin.
There was a door to the left.
There was a drain in the middle of the room.
There was a dramatic reduction in output in China last month as a direct consequence of the spread of the coronavirus.
There was a drop in temperature after it rained.
There was a drop in temperature after the rain.
There was a drug raid on my house this morning.
There was a duck wading in the pond.
There was a dull sound of falling water not far off; and the leaves of the old tree stirred gently in the night wind.
There was a dust-covered table near the window.
There was a face in the ground.
There was a faint knocking at the door.
There was a faint smile on Tom's face.
There was a faint smile on her face.
There was a faint smile on his face.
There was a fear that this would bankrupt the airline.
There was a feeling of constraint in the room; no one dared to tell the king how foolish his decision was.
There was a feud between Yanni and his ex-boss.
There was a field on my right.
There was a fight.
There was a financial crisis in 2009.
There was a fine scent in the room.
There was a fire at Tom's house.
There was a fire at that school last week.
There was a fire at the church.
There was a fire in our neighborhood last night.
There was a fire in our neighborhood last week.
There was a fire in the basement.
There was a fire in the forests of kabylie.
There was a fire in the hotel near my house.
There was a fire in this city last night.
There was a fire in this city last night. We can't tell exactly what time it broke out.
There was a fire in this city last night. We can’t tell exactly what time it broke out.
There was a fire in this town last night.
There was a fire last night so I couldn't sleep.
There was a fire near our neighborhood last night.
There was a fire near out school.
There was a fire near the house today.
There was a fire near the train station last night.
There was a fire on one of the upper floors of our office building last week.
There was a fire very close-by.
There was a five-year-old girl in the family.
There was a flag at the top of the pole.
There was a flare-up between local residents and state regulators.
There was a fleck of dust on the windshield.
There was a fledgling bird there.
There was a flirtatious spark in Rima's eye.
There was a flower bed in the middle of the garden.
There was a flurry of applause.
There was a fly in the ointment.
There was a fly.
There was a food fight in the cafeteria.
There was a football washed up on the mudflat at low tide.
There was a footbridge that people built there.
There was a forest nearby.
There was a foul in the build-up play, and the goal was disallowed.
There was a foul odor emanating from the duffel bag.
There was a foul odor in the kitchen.
There was a foul smell.
There was a freshness in the air as of a wind that had blown over honey-sweet fields of clover.
There was a frost this morning.
There was a full moon last night.
There was a full moon that night.
There was a fête every day.
There was a gap in the stone wall.
There was a gate that was open and led out.
There was a general drop in prices.
There was a gentle knock on the door.
There was a ghost above me.
There was a ghost in the house.
There was a giant buck in the clearing.
There was a giant hole in the ceiling.
There was a giant spider crawling on Ivan.
There was a girl in Tom's car.
There was a glass of water on the table, and on the window-sill a small chip ointment box containing a couple of pills.
There was a glass on the nightstand.
There was a glass was on the nightstand.
There was a glimmer of hope in her words.
There was a glimmer of light from the dark window.
There was a glitch in the system.
There was a glut of cotton goods due to cheap imports.
There was a good crowd round the booking-office, so I got quite close to them without being seen.
There was a good reason for this.
There was a great conflict between religion and science.
There was a great crowd at the party.
There was a great deal of conjecture as to what would happen.
There was a great deal of snow last year.
There was a great deal of traffic on the town's streets.
There was a great gap between the views of the two.
There was a great lack of rice that year.
There was a great sadness in the village of the hill.
There was a great silence.
There was a great variety of dishes on the menu.
There was a group of children playing in the park.
There was a group of drunk students in the high street with traffic cones on their heads.
There was a growl behind Vladimir.
There was a gust of hot wind from the tunnel as the train approached.
There was a guy about twenty years old sitting in the park.
There was a guy named Tom who used to live here.
There was a guy who was watching my ass as I walked down the street.
There was a hail of protest.
There was a half-dozen victims.
There was a half-eaten apple near the kitchen sink.
There was a half-eaten pizza in the fridge.
There was a half-eaten pizza on the floor.
There was a half-eaten pizza on the table.
There was a handwritten note on the door.
There was a happy twinkle in her eyes.
There was a heated argument as to who should be appointed chairman.
There was a heavy coat of dust on the table.
There was a heavy rain last night.
There was a heavy rain yesterday.
There was a herd of cows in the field.
There was a hidden room behind the bookcase.
There was a hidden tunnel between the two ponds.
There was a high turnout to the election.
There was a high wall about the garden.
There was a hill there whose slopes were covered with trees six or seven metres high.
There was a hill to the north.
There was a hint of fall in the air.
There was a hiss of steam.
There was a hitch.
There was a hole in Ziri's chest.
There was a hole in my pocket.
There was a hole in the bottom.
There was a hole in the carpet.
There was a hole in the fence large enough for someone to squeeze through.
There was a homicide at Sami's store.
There was a horrible accident on Park Street yesterday afternoon.
There was a horrified expression on Tom's face.
There was a huge bang on the wall.
There was a huge commotion in the hall.
There was a huge crowd along the road.
There was a huge crowd of people there.
There was a huge earthquake today, but thankfully everyone in the family is safe and well.
There was a huge explosion.
There was a huge mistake.
There was a huge pile-up on the highway.
There was a huge spider in the living room.
There was a hurried running to and fro, confusion, noise, disorder, and no purpose.
There was a hyena right above Dmitri.
There was a hyena stalking around.
There was a keen frost this morning.
There was a kerosene lantern on each table.
There was a knife stuck in the pillar.
There was a knight, a very respectable man.
There was a knight, he was a worthy man.
There was a knock at the door, and Tom answered it.
There was a knock at the door.
There was a knock at the front door.
There was a knock at the window.
There was a knock on the door.
There was a knock on the door. "Who's there?" asked Tom. "It is I," answered Mary.
There was a knock on the front door.
There was a lady who lived close to me, and she went to the same church.
There was a ladybug on the table.
There was a lamp hanging above the table.
There was a language barrier between Ziri and Rima.
There was a large audience at the concert.
There was a large audience at the piano recital last night.
There was a large audience at the theater.
There was a large audience at yesterday's concert.
There was a large audience at yesterday’s concert.
There was a large audience in the concert hall.
There was a large audience in the room.
There was a large audience in the theater.
There was a large babyhouse, beautifully furnished; there were many dolls of various sizes, and little chests and trunks full of nicely made clothes for them to wear—night-clothes, morning wrappers, gay silks and lovely white dresses, bonnets and hats, shoes and stockings too, and ribbons and laces, for the lady dolls; and for the gentlemen, coats, hats, vests, cravats and everything that real grown-up men wear; and for the baby dolls there were many suits of beautiful baby clothes; and all made so that they could be easily taken off and put on again.
There was a large boulder blocking the road.
There was a large bush in the backyard.
There was a large bush that could easily obscure a person behind it.
There was a large castle in my city.
There was a large crowd in the hall.
There was a large crowd in the park.
There was a large crowd there.
There was a large explosion in Boston last night.
There was a large flood in the basement.
There was a large garden behind the house.
There was a large harvest of peaches last year.
There was a large harvest of peaches this year.
There was a large predator around.
There was a large selection of fruit on the market.
There was a large sound when I was reading a book.
There was a large stove that gave lovely warmth and coziness.
There was a large worm under the rug.
There was a larger crowd at the concert than we had anticipated.
There was a laughing devil in his sneer.
There was a learning curve.
There was a level of confidence in Ziri's tone that shouldn't have been there.
There was a light burning in the window.
There was a light drizzle.
There was a light in her eyes and a colour in her cheek which had not been kindled for many a day, and which, joined to her great beauty, and the splendour of her dress, occasioned her entrance to be greeted with an universal murmur of applause.
There was a light in one corner of the room.
There was a light rain yesterday.
There was a light shining ahead and I tried to reach to it.
There was a limousine waiting for Tom outside the hotel.
There was a line for the bathroom.
There was a line neither of us wanted to cross.
There was a linguistic mediation between aborigines and immigrants.
There was a list of available candidates.
There was a little bit of yellow pus in the wound.
There was a little gray house peering around a white apple orchard on a slope beyond and, although it was not yet quite dark, a light was shining from one of its windows.
There was a little hut near the river.
There was a little milk left in the bottle.
There was a little mosque in the graveyard.
There was a little playground in that park.
There was a little section of the wall that caved in.
There was a little water left in the bottom of the bottle.
There was a long interval before he answered.
There was a long interval before he replied.
There was a long line at every cash register.
There was a long line at the women's restrooms.
There was a long line for the women's restroom.
There was a long line for the women's restrooms.
There was a long line in front of the movie theater.
There was a long line in front of the vending machine.
There was a long line of Russian tanks on the road.
There was a long line of people waiting to get into the stadium.
There was a long pause and then everybody started laughing.
There was a long pause and then everyone started laughing.
There was a long pause.
There was a long period of silence.
There was a long queue for the vending machine.
There was a long queue in front of the vending machine.
There was a long queue outside the Ladies.
There was a long queue outside the women's toilet.
There was a long silence between them.
There was a long silence, during which Holmes leaned his chin upon his hands and stared into the crackling fire.
There was a long silence.
There was a long silence. At length she said, "So you're leaving me."
There was a long silence. At length she said, "So you’re leaving me."
There was a long wait.
There was a long winter before them.
There was a longish pause.
There was a look of appeal in her eyes.
There was a look of panic on Tom's face.
There was a lot I didn't know about Tom.
There was a lot I liked.
There was a lot at stake.
There was a lot going on.
There was a lot of blood on the floor.
There was a lot of clamour in the venue before the performance began.
There was a lot of commotion.
There was a lot of drinking going on yesterday.
There was a lot of drinking yesterday.
There was a lot of dust in the room where they gathered.
There was a lot of excitement in the stands as the fans cheered for their teams.
There was a lot of food in Tom's refrigerator.
There was a lot of food in the house.
There was a lot of food left over from the party.
There was a lot of food on the table.
There was a lot of furniture in the room.
There was a lot of give and take.
There was a lot of housework to do.
There was a lot of mistrust between Sami and Layla.
There was a lot of money on the table.
There was a lot of mutual aid among people in our villages before.
There was a lot of noise in the classroom.
There was a lot of pain.
There was a lot of positive feedback.
There was a lot of rain last month.
There was a lot of rain last night. Everything has had a good soaking.
There was a lot of sibling rivalry between Tom and his brother.
There was a lot of smoke.
There was a lot of snow last winter.
There was a lot of snow last year.
There was a lot of snow under the trees.
There was a lot of snow.
There was a lot of students absent from class today.
There was a lot of talk lately about the architecture of the new school.
There was a lot of tension between Layla and Sami.
There was a lot of tension between Tom and Mary.
There was a lot of tension between Tom and us.
There was a lot of thunder last night.
There was a lot of traffic and the cars were chugging along.
There was a lot of traffic on the road in front of the kindergarten.
There was a lot of traffic on the town's streets.
There was a lot of traffic.
There was a lot of water damage.
There was a lot of wind.
There was a lot of wordplay.
There was a lot of work to be done.
There was a lot said about it.
There was a lot that had to be done.
There was a lot to do there.
There was a lot to do.
There was a lot to eat there.
There was a lot to eat.
There was a lot to make fun of.
There was a lot to talk about.
There was a lot we wanted to do, but we didn't get round to much of it.
There was a loud bang.
There was a loud cow mooing in the pasture.
There was a loud explosion.
There was a loud noise coming from the room.
There was a loud rustling in the bushes.
There was a lull in the festivities as Fred was carted off to the infirmary by the emergency medical technicians.
There was a mad rush toward the exit.
There was a magnificent sunset, and the snowy hills and deep-blue water of the St. Lawrence Gulf seemed to rim in the splendor like a huge bowl of pearl and sapphire brimmed with wine and fire.
There was a major power failure.
There was a man behind Fyodor.
There was a man behind Yanni walking the way.
There was a man from Nantucket who hated limericks.
There was a man on the street that tried to sell flowers to me.
There was a man on the street that tried to sell me flowers.
There was a man sent from God, whose name was John.
There was a man sitting in the sun.
There was a man sitting on that bench not too long ago.
There was a man sitting there, reading a paper.
There was a man under Tobias's bed.
There was a man who had three sons.
There was a manhunt going on in the area.
There was a marathon at school today and we were very tired.
There was a marked improvement in the weather as the day went on.
There was a mass exodus of Malian Tuaregs to Algeria.
There was a massacre, and we didn't have enough courage to intervene.
There was a massive amount of blood all over the floor.
There was a massive party at school.
There was a massive search to find any survivors.
There was a meal with all the trimmings.
There was a message for me, wasn't there?
There was a message for me, wasn’t there?
There was a meter of snow after the storm yesterday.
There was a military coup in Burkina Faso.
There was a minute difference between them.
There was a minute of silence and then everybody started screaming.
There was a minute's silence.
There was a mirror on the wall.
There was a mishmash of furniture, sofas, rugs, and it all looked enviably comfortable.
There was a missing hiker in our area.
There was a mist upon the highway.
There was a modern-looking coffee table in the center of the room.
There was a modest rise in prices last year.
There was a moment of complete silence.
There was a moment of confusion.
There was a moment of meaningful silence.
There was a moment of silence as Tom and Mary sipped their drinks.
There was a moment of silence.
There was a moment or two of silence, broken only by the regular dip of the paddle, then Miss Sommerton said, “If you wish to desecrate this lovely spot by smoking, I presume anything I can say will not prevent you.”
There was a momentary lull in the violence as the leaders of the two sides parleyed.
There was a momentary pause in the talk.
There was a momentary pause.
There was a moon that night.
There was a moose in the middle of the road.
There was a mosque there.
There was a mouldy loaf of bread on the table.
There was a muffled sound coming from the next room over. Maybe there's someone there...
There was a mule cart on the road.
There was a multiple collision on the highway.
There was a murder in my apartment building last summer.
There was a murmur of excitement from the crowd.
There was a murmur when she entered the room.
There was a nail in the tire.
There was a nail in the tyre.
There was a neat pile of books in the corner of the room.
There was a need for money.
There was a new addition to his family.
There was a new candidate on the ticket at the Democratic convention.
There was a new coat of paint on the door.
There was a new schedule posted on the notice-board.
There was a nice breeze blowing in.
There was a nice breeze outside.
There was a nice day moon today.
There was a noise outside.
There was a noise that seemed to come from the garage.
There was a noise, then grinding, and then it was quiet again.
There was a note of bitterness in his voice.
There was a note of command in Tom's voice.
There was a note on my desk in Tom's handwriting.
There was a note on the table.
There was a pack of cigarettes and a book of matches on Tom's desk.
There was a pack of cigarettes and a box of matches on Tom's desk.
There was a pack of paper on the table.
There was a package on the driver's seat.
There was a padlock on the door.
There was a pair of handcuffs on the bed.
There was a parade going by at the time.
There was a parade to mark the occasion.
There was a park at the foot of the mountain.
There was a park here when I was a child.
There was a park here when I was a kid.
There was a part of Skura that wanted to settle down.
There was a party at Tom's house last night.
There was a party for graduates today.
There was a party going on next door.
There was a party last night.
There was a passenger dropped off for you—a little girl. She's sitting out there on the shingles.
There was a path behind the house that led into the woods.
There was a pause.
There was a peephole on the door.
There was a pencil tucked behind her ear.
There was a pencil tucked behind his ear.
There was a period of awkward silence.
There was a period when I was really into it.
There was a person standing at the end of the hall.
There was a pervasive nasty undertone in their writings.
There was a phone call from a 50-year old man who had been told he had a year left to live due to heart disease.
There was a phone call from a girl.
There was a phone number placed askew at the bottom of the paper.
There was a photograph of Dan hanging above the bed.
There was a photograph of Tom hanging on the wall.
There was a piano in the room, but no one was playing it.
There was a piece of glass stuck in my hand.
There was a pile of binders on the desk.
There was a pile of books on the floor in one corner of the room.
There was a pile of coats on the bed.
There was a pile of feathers underneath the birdcage and a content cat sleeping near the fireplace.
There was a pile of firewood for the winter.
There was a pile of firewood next to the house.
There was a pile of laundry on the floor.
There was a pile of mail on my desk.
There was a pile of papers on the table.
There was a pile of pinecones under the tree.
There was a pile of plastic waste in the dead whale's stomach.
There was a pile-up on the town bypass involving about twenty cars.
There was a pileup during rush hour.
There was a pine nut candy that I really liked, I wonder if they still make it.
There was a pink slip waiting for her at the office.
There was a pipe leaking in the crawlspace.
There was a place for you.
There was a plainness and simplicity about her costume which bore with it a suggestion of limited means.
There was a plate of homemade biscuits on the table.
There was a plate of uneaten food on the table.
There was a plume of smoke coming from the shack.
There was a plywood board there.
There was a pool of blood on the floor.
There was a poor farmer who had three sons, and on the same day the three boys went to seek their fortune.
There was a possibility a lot more people could've been injured.
There was a post office on this corner once.
There was a post-coup purge in Turkey.
There was a poster of a pin-up girl on the wall.
There was a power cut during the storm.
There was a power cut, but the electricity is back on now.
There was a power outage in the vicinity.
There was a presence with us in the woods.
There was a pretty girl with black hair in the park.
There was a price to be paid.
There was a problem at school.
There was a problem at the office.
There was a problem with the architecture of that company's new computer. They're going through a recall frenzy right now.
There was a problem with the architecture of that company’s new computer. They’re going through a recall frenzy right now.
There was a problem with the thermostat.
There was a problem.
There was a protocol that Bruno was supposed to follow.
There was a prototype for the main character.
There was a provision in his will for his mistress.
There was a provocation on the border.
There was a public feast of Aphrodite.
There was a pyramid of empty beer cans on the table.
There was a queue at the post office.
There was a queue in the post office.
There was a quick parent-teacher conference.
There was a rap at the door.
There was a rapid decline in stock prices.
There was a rather loud knock at the door.
There was a really cute girl on the train.
There was a really long line to get on the roller coaster.
There was a really scary spider.
There was a reason John was hiding his face.
There was a record amount of snowfall last night.
There was a report from the neighbours because a drunkard was making noise in the park. When the police officers arrived at the scene, Kusanagi was alone, dead drunk and completely naked.
There was a report of a missing fourteen-year-old boy in our town.
There was a rerun of the episode last night.
There was a rhythm in my sleep. When I woke up, I had lost it. Why did I leave the abandonment of myself, in which I lived?
There was a rise in teen pregnancies.
There was a rise in temperature.
There was a river flowing nearby.
There was a river of blood spilled.
There was a road accident.
There was a roar of laughter from the audience.
There was a rock concert in our city.
There was a romantic relationship between Sami and Layla.
There was a rope ladder.
There was a rotting slug in the beer bottle.
There was a row of about 20 stalls at the fair.
There was a run on the banks.
There was a rustle in the bushes and a cat jumped out of them.
There was a sale on apples today, so I bought a lot.
There was a savour of bitterness in her voice.
There was a savour of bitterness in his voice.
There was a scent of spices hanging in the air.
There was a school in the village.
There was a school shooter threat at my school today.
There was a scornful note in his voice.
There was a scorpion crawling up Yanni's leg.
There was a script but, as a rule, Tom didn't stick to it, preferring instead to improvise.
There was a scuffle in front of the store when the new product was released.
There was a seal in the water and another on the shore.
There was a seal on the shore.
There was a search party and they ended up finding the four missing boys.
There was a second door on the left.
There was a second light about an hour later.
There was a secret door behind the bookcase in the living room.
There was a secret door on the wall that was left open.
There was a sense of fear.
There was a sense of urgency.
There was a sergeant that I particularly hated in the army.
There was a series of clicks and buzzes in the earpiece then Zack heard a man's deep voice.
There was a sharp frost this morning.
There was a sharp peal of thunder.
There was a sharp rise in prices last year.
There was a ship sailing on the sea.
There was a shipwreck last night.
There was a short pause and the housewife said...
There was a short silence on the other end.
There was a short silence.
There was a shortage of fuel.
There was a shortage of imported oil.
There was a sign at the hotel where I stayed that said durian wasn't allowed on the premises.
There was a sign on the fence.
There was a sign on the street reading: "Dangerous route. Slow down".
There was a sign saying, "Keep off the grass."
There was a sign that said "Don't walk on the grass".
There was a sign that said "Don't walk on the grass."
There was a sign that said that we were entering "Grizzly Wood."
There was a signature here. It's gone now.
There was a silence.
There was a single oil painting left unfinished in the studio. No other pictures were there.
There was a single potato chip on each plate.
There was a single, lonely fruit loop remaining in the box.
There was a slap-up meal.
There was a slaughter, and we didn't have the courage to intervene.
There was a slight chill in the air.
There was a slight drizzle and occasional lightning that night.
There was a small audience in the hall.
There was a small box inside the big box.
There was a small butterfly in the room.
There was a small camping area there.
There was a small forest behind Igor's house.
There was a small group of men standing in front of the fountain.
There was a small lake near where we lived.
There was a small line in the restroom.
There was a small table in her bedroom, and on the table - a little bottle.
There was a small trail running alonside the creek.
There was a small typewriter on the table.
There was a smaller car next to James's.
There was a smash-up out on Route 66 today.
There was a smell coming from the kitchen.
There was a smell of burning leaves.
There was a smell of coffee and freshly baked bread in the kitchen.
There was a smell of freshly baked bread in the kitchen.
There was a smell of rotten meat and animal bones.
There was a smell of wet dog in the apartment.
There was a smell of wet dog in the flat.
There was a smudge of lipstick on his cheek, and his tie was loose.
There was a snake outside.
There was a snowstorm in North Dakota.
There was a soccer game at the school.
There was a soccer match in the stadium.
There was a sort of sulky defiance in her eyes, which only goes with guilty knowledge.
There was a sound from the closet and we both froze.
There was a sound of something trudging through the water.
There was a spark between Tom and Mary.
There was a special preview last night.
There was a special sneak preview last night.
There was a spider crawling on the table.
There was a spike in booked flights from Moscow to the southern resort city of Sochi.
There was a spill on the highway.
There was a spring in his step.
There was a spring indeed, but it was dry.
There was a sprinkling of foreigners among the visitors in the museum.
There was a stack of dirty dishes in the sink.
There was a stack of newspapers in the corner of the room.
There was a stain on his tie.
There was a statement in the Asahi newspaper yesterday or the day before stressing that you shouldn't quote Wikipedia.
There was a statement in the Asahi newspaper yesterday or the day before stressing that you shouldn’t quote Wikipedia.
There was a stationary lorry in the middle of the road.
There was a steady increase in population.
There was a stone in the middle of the path.
There was a stone wall around the house.
There was a store close to home.
There was a storm last night.
There was a storm system developing in the area.
There was a storm that night.
There was a storm that was gathering on the horizon.
There was a storm the day before yesterday.
There was a storm, and snow began whirling through the street.
There was a storm.
There was a stove, a table, three chairs, a row of shelves containing a few articles of crockery and tinware, and a bed in the far corner of the room, on which rested a man with ragged gray beard and hair, a face long and thin, and coal-black eyes.
There was a strange contrast between the sweet promise of the spring and this sinister quest upon which we were engaged.
There was a strange humming sound coming from behind the boat.
There was a strange smell coming from the kitchen.
There was a strange, foul-smelling brown liquid in the waste basket.
There was a striking resemblance between them.
There was a strong earthquake yesterday.
There was a strong likelihood of his succeeding.
There was a strong smell inside the cabin.
There was a strong smell of cannabis in the air.
There was a strong smell of gasoline in the garage.
There was a strong smell of marijuana in the air.
There was a strong wind on that day.
There was a strong wind that day.
There was a strong wind.
There was a student making fun of you with her hands.
There was a subtle difference between their views.
There was a succession of balls, and receptions followed one after the other, but the princess was not yet present.
There was a sudden calm as the wind dropped.
There was a sudden change in her tone.
There was a sudden change in the situation.
There was a sudden change in the weather.
There was a sudden change of plan.
There was a sudden drop in the temperature last night.
There was a sudden flow of tears from her eyes.
There was a sudden knock at the door in the evening.
There was a sugarcane plantation in the area.
There was a suggestion of anger in his voice.
There was a suggestion that the general meeting should take place in October.
There was a sunshade over the sidewalk.
There was a surprise waiting for us at home.
There was a surprising amount of interest.
There was a surprising amount of people already out there.
There was a surveillance team watching Dan.
There was a swimming hole in the abandoned quarry where marble had been found years ago.
There was a swing set in the backyard.
There was a tall fence around the swimming pool.
There was a tall man behind Gunter.
There was a tall tree in front of my house.
There was a tap at the door.
There was a tape recorder on the table.
There was a teacher at every single exit of the school.
There was a tense atmosphere in the room.
There was a tense silence when the curtain fell.
There was a terrible accident on the freeway yesterday.
There was a terrible accident on the freeway.
There was a terrible accident yesterday.
There was a terrible storm here last week.
There was a thick coat of dust on the table.
There was a thick fog around.
There was a thick fog.
There was a three-digit number written on each box.
There was a thrill in the doctor’s voice which showed that he was himself deeply moved by that which he told us.
There was a thunderstorm last night.
There was a time that I would have done anything for Tom.
There was a time that I would've done anything for Tom.
There was a time when American teenagers thought nothing was cooler than wearing the Gap’s chino pants and branded sweatshirts.
There was a time when Christopher Columbus challenged another explorer to a duel. The latter, an underhanded chap, did not take ten steps - as dictated by the rules - but two, then turned around to shoot. Unfortunately for him, Columbus hadn't taken any steps at all.
There was a time when Christopher Columbus challenged another explorer to a duel. The latter, an underhanded chap, did not take ten steps - as dictated by the rules - but two, then turned around to shoot. Unfortunately for him, Columbus hadn’t taken any steps at all.
There was a time when I listened only to these songs, for days at a time.
There was a time when I listened to these songs alone for days at a time.
There was a time when I was unhappy.
There was a time when I would have done that.
There was a time when I would've done that.
There was a time when Tati stores were more visited by tourists than the Eiffel Tower.
There was a time when Weezer only had two albums.
There was a time when aluminum was more expensive than gold.
There was a time when he and I were really good friends.
There was a time when kings and queens reigned over the world.
There was a time when my father smoked, but now he doesn't smoke anymore.
There was a time when reptiles ruled the world.
There was a time when we told each other everything.
There was a time when wearing face masks just on your chin was a trend amongst Korean high school students.
There was a time when you could immediately tell by their clothes who was rich and poor.
There was a time, one evening, when I stood on top of that hill.
There was a tiny ramp overlooking the ocean.
There was a ton of pressure on him.
There was a torch procession yesterday.
There was a tornado in the village.
There was a total of five of us.
There was a touch of irony in his speech.
There was a tower on the top of the mountain.
There was a trace of anger in her voice.
There was a traffic accident here yesterday.
There was a traffic accident in front of the house yesterday.
There was a traffic accident.
There was a traffic jam.
There was a trail of blood on the floor.
There was a tremble in her voice.
There was a trial.
There was a truck blocking the street.
There was a truck in the middle of the road.
There was a two hour's interval to the next train.
There was a two hour’s interval to the next train.
There was a van between me and the door.
There was a vast amount of forest to explore out there.
There was a version of the King James Bible for the original Game Boy.
There was a vertically standing object in the water.
There was a very fine christening; and the Princess had for her godmothers all the fairies they could find in the whole kingdom (there were seven of them), so that every one of them might confer a gift upon her, as was the custom of fairies in those days. By this means the Princess had all the perfections imaginable.
There was a very positive response.
There was a very simple reason for this: their planet was cooling down internally and would become uninhabitable within 500 years.
There was a very strong odor that I couldn't identify.
There was a video games arcade in the basement of the university's old Student Union Building.
There was a video of a girl kissing William on the cheek.
There was a village near the sea.
There was a village there, but it isn't there now.
There was a violent clash of opinions between the two leaders.
There was a violent earthquake in Tokyo.
There was a violent peal at the bell, and in a few seconds the fair-headed detective came up the stairs, three steps at a time, and burst into our sitting-room.
There was a violent storm at sea.
There was a violent tremor during the night, so I was scared and couldn't sleep very well.
There was a voice crying in the field.
There was a wardrobe.
There was a warning, too, that New Zealand could expect more frequent marine heat waves, similar to those in 2017 and 2018, and ocean acidification.
There was a water mill below the dam.
There was a watermill below the dam.
There was a weak earthquake toward dawn this morning.
There was a weir across the river here, but it never caught many fish.
There was a welcome mat in front of the door.
There was a well-beaten path from the back door to the barn.
There was a well-dressed guy with a big watch on his wrist.
There was a white wheelbarrow on the front lawn.
There was a window next to the front door.
There was a winner.
There was a witness.
There was a woman here earlier looking for you.
There was a woman in Tom's car.
There was a woman in a Kabyle dress.
There was a woman in the passenger seat of Tom's car.
There was a woman screaming for help.
There was a woman sitting at the big desk.
There was a wooden stairway which led down to the basement.
There was a worried look on the face of the young inventor, and he seemed preoccupied, as though thinking of something far removed from whatever it was his eyes gazed upon.
There was a wreck on the highway.
There was a yearly roundup during which thousands of cattle were driven east.
There was a yellow school bus parked in front of the fire hydrant.
There was a young doctor that looked after him.
There was a young fellow in to see you a half an hour ago.
There was a young man who said, "Damn! It is borne upon me that I am but a being that moves in predestinate grooves – I'm not even a bus, I'm a tram."
There was absolute silence.
There was absolutely no clue of any kind.
There was absolutely no doubt.
There was absolutely no furniture in that room.
There was absolutely no malice in her tone, but mere satisfaction in proving that the premises whence her conclusions had been drawn were undeniably sound.
There was absolutely no way Igor was sober.
There was absolutely no wind.
There was absolutely nothing I could do to save Tom.
There was absolutely nothing William could do.
There was absolutely nothing in their mutual relations to prepare people for the tragedy which was to follow.
There was absolutely nothing inside the room.
There was absolutely nothing that proved any intention on the part of Ferdinand to commit himself to overt treason.
There was absolutely nothing wrong with that aircraft.
There was absolutely nothing you could do about it.
There was almost no color in his face.
There was almost no furniture in the room.
There was almost no one who believed her.
There was almost nothing in the kitchen.
There was almost nothing in the room.
There was also a general paucity of trained operatives.
There was also a large increase in Internet use among school-aged children and college students. This is partly because of the growing number of e-learning services and educational websites.
There was also a more than two and a half times increased risk of cancer of the endometrium and a 1.7 times higher risk of breast cancer among diabetic Asians compared to those who were not diabetic.
There was also an irrefutable sadness in his eyes.
There was also improvement in the crabbing industry. A local fisherman invented a trap for crabs in the 1920s. The trap, called a crab pot, made it easier to catch the animals.
There was also special water system which filled the arena with water for naval battles, normally for the grand finale of the shows at the Colosseum.
There was always a car in the driveway.
There was always a minority afraid of something, and a great majority afraid of the dark, afraid of the future, afraid of the past, afraid of the present, afraid of themselves and shadows of themselves.
There was always a place for you in my heart.
There was always a saint in his wallet, even if he didn't pray.
There was always something strange going on there.
There was always something wrong with you.
There was always that possibility.
There was always too much superfluous writing in his essays.
There was always work to be done.
There was an abandoned building down the road from us.
There was an abandoned car by the river.
There was an abandoned house on the corner.
There was an abundant harvest this year.
There was an accident at the construction site.
There was an accident at the crossroads.
There was an accident at the intersection.
There was an accident at the junction.
There was an accident in Rio de Janeiro's most frequented beach.
There was an accident on Fifth Avenue yesterday.
There was an accident on Park Street this morning.
There was an accident on the highway.
There was an accident on the side of the road.
There was an accident.
There was an acrid taste of blood in his throat.
There was an addendum to the contract that they had never thought to read.
There was an adjustment period.
There was an air of excitement at the meeting.
There was an air of mystery about the whole affair.
There was an airstrip across the road decades ago, but few planes ever landed there.
There was an alarm clock in Dan's room.
There was an ancient city; the Tyrian settlers held it: Carthage, standing afar opposite Italy and the mouths of the Tiber, rich in trade and very harsh in the study of war. Juno is said to have valued this one city more than all lands, even above Samos.
There was an angry crowd gathered outside the courthouse causing a riot.
There was an animal inside the barn.
There was an animal inside the shed.
There was an animal wandering around.
There was an anxious silence in the room.
There was an army of ants at the cake.
There was an arrow pointing to the backyard.
There was an article about Tom in yesterday's newspaper.
There was an article about Tom in yesterday's paper.
There was an article in the paper this morning about Tom Jackson's trial.
There was an assassination attempt on the president.
There was an assembly.
There was an attack on a worker last night.
There was an attack on the base.
There was an attempt on the president's life.
There was an attempt.
There was an avalanche of protest.
There was an awkward pause.
There was an awkward silence when he appeared.
There was an awkward silence.
There was an earthquake and our hotel collapsed.
There was an earthquake and, in addition, there was a tsunami.
There was an earthquake in Bejaia.
There was an earthquake this morning.
There was an earthquake yesterday.
There was an eerie atmosphere when the Titanic's lights went out.
There was an eerie silence.
There was an effort to eradicate the Hawaiian language.
There was an emergency on the road.
There was an emergency.
There was an empty box.
There was an empty seat in front of that seat.
There was an enormous traffic jam in downtown Kyoto.
There was an entire squad of security guards at the door.
There was an entrance fee, but that wasn't a problem for James.
There was an epidemic in the mainland.
There was an error in the calculation.
There was an error in your calculations.
There was an error.
There was an expensive camera left in the classroom.
There was an explanation.
There was an explosion in our office building caused by a gas leak.
There was an explosion in the lab.
There was an explosion, and before anyone could say Jack Robinson, the airplane burst into flame and fell.
There was an explosion.
There was an explosive mixture in his head containing feelings of inferiority as well as visions of omnipotence.
There was an extra problem: the car wasn't his.
There was an eye-to-eye confrontation between Fadil and Rami.
There was an instant attraction between Fadil and Layla.
There was an instant attraction between Sami and Layla.
There was an instant attraction between Tom and Mary.
There was an instant spark between Fadil and Layla.
There was an intense pain in my head.
There was an interesting story in the letter to the boy.
There was an intermission in the films shown in this modest cinema, during which the projectionist changed the reel.
There was an intruder in the locker room.
There was an invitation to tender which an Italian firm won.
There was an invoice with the parcel.
There was an iron desk in the corner.
There was an old bicycle leaning against the wall of the garage.
There was an old castle to the east of the town.
There was an old clunker parked just behind my new sports car.
There was an old windmill on the property.
There was an older man sitting next to me who held a cat on his lap.
There was an ominous silence.
There was an open pocket knife on the floor.
There was an open suitcase on the bed.
There was an open-air restaurant.
There was an organized farewell party for Mr. Jones.
There was an overpowering smell of dirty laundry.
There was an uncomfortable silence.
There was an undercurrent of tension in the room.
There was an uneasy silence.
There was an unfortunate incident at home.
There was an unoccupied table for two in the dining-car; he seated her, gave her his purse, called a waiter, and would have betaken himself forthwith to another table if she had not detained him.
There was an urgent need for experienced artisans who knew how to rebuild the city. But there weren’t enough of them.
There was another Tuareg rebellion in Mali.
There was another avalanche on the road to Ekkjeskaret in Odda municipality in Hordaland on Tuesday night. It is unknown whether anyone was caught in the avalanche.
There was another big break in the case.
There was another clash a few months later.
There was another colleague with Ziri.
There was another explosion on the rig.
There was another family camping in the area like us.
There was another guy with Tom.
There was another guy with her.
There was another guy with him.
There was another long silence.
There was another man in Layla's life.
There was another one.
There was another problem.
There was another silence.
There was another woman in Sami's life.
There was applause.
There was at least one person in the classroom when I left.
There was at once a profound silence; every one left off dancing, and the violins ceased to play, so attracted was every one by the singular beauties of the unknown newcomer.
There was bad blood between the two families in "Romeo and Juliet".
There was bad blood between the two families in "Romeo and Juliet."
There was banging on the front door.
There was barely any visibility outside.
There was blood all over that car.
There was blood all over the floor.
There was blood everywhere in Fadil's house.
There was blood everywhere.
There was blood in the syringe.
There was blood on Tom's face.
There was blood on Tom's pillow.
There was blood on Tom's shirt.
There was blood on Tom's uniform.
There was blood on the carpet.
There was blood on the floor.
There was blood on the handle of the gun.
There was blood on the knife.
There was blood on the pavement.
There was blood spatter everywhere in the room.
There was blood splattered on the walls near the victims.
There was blood.
There was bloodshed in my village.
There was broken glass all over the floor.
There was broken glass all over the road.
There was broken glass everywhere.
There was broken glass on the floor.
There was broken glass on top of the wall.
There was but one problem before the public which could challenge his powers of analysis, and that was the singular disappearance of the favourite for the Wessex Cup, and the tragic murder of its trainer.
There was candle wax on the table near the candle.
There was carnage.
There was clearly something in the box.
There was communication with Earth via online communication.
There was complete and utter silence.
There was complete silence.
There was complete silence. You could hear a pin drop.
There was concern in her voice.
There was contempt in his voice.
There was corrosion around the battery terminals.
There was damage to the computer.
There was damage to the pipe.
There was damp on the walls.
There was danger lest the secret become known.
There was dead silence.
There was debris everywhere.
There was disagreement between Sami and Layla about the dogs.
There was dust on all the furniture.
There was ease in Casey's manner as he stepped into his place; there was pride in Casey's bearing and a smile on Casey's face.
There was empathy in his eyes.
There was enormous resentment over high taxes.
There was enough food at the party for everyone to have some.
There was enough food for all of us.
There was enough food for forty days.
There was enough food for us all.
There was enough light to see.
There was enough of A, but not enough of B.
There was enough snow to close the road.
There was enough water for two days.
There was enough.
There was eternal twilight in the place.
There was evening and there was morning, and it becomes the first day.
There was every reason to be concerned.
There was evil inside Ziri.
There was excellent wild-duck shooting in the fens, remarkably good fishing and a small but select library.
There was fear in her eyes.
There was fear in his eyes.
There was fear on his face.
There was fighting in the streets.
There was flour scattered on the table.
There was fog at noon yesterday.
There was food and drink in abundance at the party.
There was food enough for us all.
There was food splattered all over the floor.
There was foul play.
There was fresh snow on the ground.
There was frost on my windshield this morning.
There was frost on the ground.
There was garbage strewn all over the place.
There was general panic.
There was genius in the way the girl danced.
There was going to be a bad storm that night.
There was going to be a fair in our city.
There was going to be five of us living in that apartment total.
There was grass around the pond.
There was great conviction in Tom's voice.
There was great rejoicing over the arrival, and the Prince sprang forward to meet them, and taking the waiting-maid for his bride, he lifted her down from her horse and led her upstairs to the royal chamber.
There was green slime oozing out of the pipe.
There was guitar music playing on the radio.
There was gum stuck to the underside of the chair.
There was gunshot residue on Tom's jacket.
There was hardly a sign of life in the whole estate.
There was hardly any furniture in Ziri's house.
There was hardly any furniture in the house.
There was hardly any of it left.
There was hardly anyone in the room.
There was hardly anyone left in the store.
There was hardly anyone who didn't laugh when the singer fell off the stage.
There was hardly anyone who didn’t laugh when the singer fell off the stage.
There was hatred between us then.
There was hay everywhere.
There was heated debate during the meeting.
There was heated debate during the session.
There was heavy frost last night.
There was heavy snow in the morning.
There was heavy snow over a large area.
There was heavy, driving snow.
There was ice cream in the fridge.
There was ice my windshield this morning.
There was ice on my windscreen.
There was ice on my windshield.
There was in his look a discreet pride, the kind that belongs to someone who has triumphed over a thousand hardships.
There was in my house a feeling that the evening ended too soon.
There was in the centre of the circle, a column made out of copper that supported a crystal egg. And because the sun shone on it, rays of light shot from all sides of the egg.
There was in their relationship a terrifyingly fine line between love and hate.
There was intense fighting in Mariupol.
There was intense opposition.
There was intermittent sunshine this morning.
There was jam in the electric outlet.
There was jam in the jam dish.
There was jam in the small jar.
There was just barely enough time.
There was just me and him.
There was just more one thing Sami needed to do to complete his perfect life: getting married.
There was just one bed in that room.
There was just one problem with Tom's plan.
There was just one problem with that theory.
There was just one thing left for Michael to do.
There was just the three of 'em sitting by themselves in a cosy little bar, when the door was pushed open and a big black dog came in.
There was knocking at the door.
There was lavender as far as the eye could see.
There was lavender in bloom as far as the eye could see.
There was light in the home.
There was lighting and thunder.
There was lightning.
There was lipstick on the cup.
There was little colonial presence in that country.
There was little evidence to collect from Dan's house.
There was little furniture in the room.
There was little paramedics could do for Fadil.
There was little paramedics could do for Tom.
There was little question how they would vote.
There was little sugar left in the pot.
There was little traffic, so we made good time on our trip to New York.
There was little water in the well.
There was long silence.
There was looting.
There was lots of food in the house.
There was lots of gold inside the sarcophagus.
There was lots of screaming.
There was love and respect.
There was mistletoe and holly everywhere.
There was money missing from the desk drawer.
There was moonlight yesterday evening.
There was more bad than good in him.
There was more than enough food.
There was more than one.
There was more to come.
There was more trouble ahead.
There was much activity around the plane.
There was much argument against the bill.
There was much argument for and against the bill.
There was much food in the house.
There was much furore over Ms Chakraborty's unorthodox theories.
There was much lipstick on her lips.
There was much rejoicing.
There was much sexual energy in the room between Sami and the pastor's wife.
There was much work to do.
There was music and singing on board, and as the evening closed in, hundreds of gaily coloured lanterns were lighted.
There was music.
There was neither a saddle nor a harness on the horse.
There was neither saddle nor harness on the horse.
There was never a day Ziri came back home without tears.
There was never a genius without a tincture of madness.
There was never a lot of dialogue between my father and me.
There was never a moment of silence with that kid.
There was never a problem.
There was never a written contract.
There was never an affair between Sami and Layla.
There was never any follow-up to this.
There was never anything between us.
There was never drama between them.
There was never really anyone who understood what he meant.
There was never this much snow before.
There was no DNA evidence on the letter.
There was no DNA found on Sami's body.
There was no English translation of Magna Carta until more than three hundred years after the famous charter, written in Latin, first appeared.
There was no Kievan Rus', but there was a Kievan Ukraine.
There was no Mass. The sermon simply started.
There was no TV or radio in those days.
There was no accountability.
There was no address on the envelope.
There was no advance warning.
There was no aggression.
There was no alcohol in Ziri's system.
There was no alternative.
There was no answer to my question.
There was no answer.
There was no appreciable quantity of mercury found in the fish.
There was no article of his creed in which he had a stronger faith than he had in witchcraft, nor can the reader conceive a figure more adapted to inspire this idea, than the old woman who now stood before him.
There was no avoiding Tom.
There was no avoiding her.
There was no avoiding him.
There was no avoiding them.
There was no baseball match because of the rain.
There was no bathroom there.
There was no bathroom.
There was no big difference.
There was no bite mark on David's arm.
There was no blood on Dan's shoes.
There was no budging him.
There was no burning desire.
There was no bus, so I had to walk.
There was no car access to the lake.
There was no car in the driveway.
There was no cat.
There was no cause for that to happen.
There was no chance I'd fall asleep again.
There was no chance Tom was going to win that fight.
There was no chance of winning.
There was no chance that Tom was going to win that fight.
There was no chance that their fake marriage would turn into anything real.
There was no chance that we'd finish the job on time.
There was no chance to finish the job on time.
There was no change in Ziri's attitude towards Rima.
There was no change.
There was no changing her mind.
There was no choice but to sit and wait.
There was no class, due to a problem with the water supply to the school.
There was no cloud up in the sky.
There was no clue as to the identity of the murderer.
There was no collusion with Russia.
There was no comparison.
There was no competition.
There was no connection between Dan and the victim's family.
There was no connection on the island where John worked.
There was no contract.
There was no convincing him.
There was no counterevidence.
There was no cowing him when the frenzy was on him.
There was no damage reported.
There was no damage to the office, or workers, and we're in business as usual.
There was no damage to the office, or workers, and we’re in business as usual.
There was no damage.
There was no delay.
There was no discussion about Fadil in the house.
There was no discussion about Sami in the house.
There was no doctor on duty, and the nurses had all gone to the party.
There was no doctor who could cure her illness.
There was no doorbell, so Gunter just knocked really hard.
There was no doubt about it.
There was no doubt in my mind Tom knew the answer.
There was no doubt in my mind Tom was the one who stole my motorcycle.
There was no doubt in my mind Tom would do that.
There was no doubt in my mind Tom would make the right decision.
There was no doubt in my mind that Tom and Mary were the ones who stole my motorcycle.
There was no doubt in my mind that Tom knew the answer.
There was no doubt in my mind that Tom was the one who stole my motorcycle.
There was no doubt in my mind that Tom would do that.
There was no doubt in my mind that Tom would make the right decision.
There was no doubt in my mind.
There was no doubt that the environmental consequences of the nuclear accident were going to be tragic.
There was no doubt that the moment had come for me to take the lead.
There was no doubt that the small beauty with the long brown curls and hazel eyes, who was casting coquettish looks at Jack Gills over the edge of her Testament, was Prillie Rogerson, whose father had recently married a second wife and brought Prillie home from her grandmother's in Grafton.
There was no electricity for two days in the aftermath of the typhoon.
There was no electricity in the cabin.
There was no emergency.
There was no end to the girl's chatter.
There was no escape.
There was no escaping Tom.
There was no evidence against him found at the scene.
There was no evidence connecting Fadil to the crime.
There was no evidence connecting Sami to the crime.
There was no explanation offered.
There was no explosion.
There was no fire.
There was no fireplace in the cabin.
There was no flour in the shop.
There was no food even on the unpainted table.
There was no food in the fridge.
There was no food in the store, so I haven't eaten yet.
There was no footage of Stefan entering the gym.
There was no formal investigation.
There was no fresh meat in the market today, so you'll have to content yourselves with something out of a tin.
There was no fresh meat in the market today, so you’ll have to content yourselves with something out of a tin.
There was no furniture in that room.
There was no furniture in the room.
There was no gap in the stream of traffic.
There was no getting-away from Ziri's illness.
There was no glass on the ground.
There was no going back.
There was no good reason for Kalman to be wandering around out campsite.
There was no happiness on his face.
There was no hard evidence against Tom.
There was no hard evidence linking Tom to the robbery.
There was no high voter turnout in Algeria's latest legislative elections.
There was no hint of war.
There was no hope for Tom.
There was no hope in sight.
There was no hot water for an entire month.
There was no hot water.
There was no hurry.
There was no immediate panic.
There was no incoming call in the phone's memory.
There was no independent confirmation.
There was no indication that anything was wrong.
There was no internet back then.
There was no investigation.
There was no irritation on his part.
There was no justification provided.
There was no land to spare to build a new airport.
There was no legal reasoning behind Johnny Depp's victory over Amber Heard in a Virginia court; all the facts were against him.
There was no life on the island.
There was no lift in the building, so we had to take the stairs to the fourth floor.
There was no light whatsoever.
There was no light.
There was no limit to what Sami could have done.
There was no lock on Alberto's door.
There was no longer need for me.
There was no longer the slightest doubt about the object lodged in the midst of that submarine growth being the hulk of a long sunken ship.
There was no love in Fadil's home.
There was no malaria vaccination in 2011, either.
There was no malfunction in the airlock hardware.
There was no malice in what he did.
There was no malice intended in what she said.
There was no misconduct found.
There was no mistake on his part.
There was no money for rebuilding.
There was no money left in my wallet.
There was no moon last night.
There was no moon that night.
There was no more love left but Big Brother's.
There was no more splashing.
There was no more than a dusting of snow.
There was no motive.
There was no music.
There was no need for concern.
There was no need for her to so readily own up to her faults.
There was no need for her to speak, nor for me either.
There was no need for rebuttal.
There was no need for us to do that.
There was no need for verbal communication.
There was no need for you to call me.
There was no need for you to do that.
There was no need for you to kill Tom.
There was no need for you to see him to the door.
There was no need to call the doctor.
There was no need to do that.
There was no need to explain.
There was no need to paint the fence.
There was no need to specify that.
There was no need to talk.
There was no need to worry.
There was no negotiation.
There was no network inside the storage unit.
There was no news from Mary.
There was no news of Mary.
There was no news of Tom.
There was no objection on his part.
There was no objection on the part of the owner.
There was no objection on the part of the students.
There was no objection on the part of those present at the afternoon meeting.
There was no objection on the part of those present.
There was no one I could tell my story to.
There was no one about.
There was no one anywhere to be seen.
There was no one at all in the whole house.
There was no one at the door.
There was no one but Alec Fairbairn whose step she could have mistaken for mine.
There was no one but admired him.
There was no one but wept to hear the story.
There was no one else in the building.
There was no one else in the yard.
There was no one else on the road.
There was no one else there.
There was no one here but me.
There was no one home.
There was no one in sight.
There was no one in that room when I went.
There was no one in the apartment at all.
There was no one in the bathroom.
There was no one in the classroom but Tom.
There was no one in the hall.
There was no one in the house.
There was no one in the library.
There was no one in the meeting.
There was no one in the mine when it blew up.
There was no one in the mosque but Yanni.
There was no one in the room besides Mary and John.
There was no one in the room besides Tom and Mary.
There was no one in the room except Tom.
There was no one in the room.
There was no one in the shop to serve me.
There was no one in the shop to wait on me.
There was no one in the street to be seen.
There was no one in the street.
There was no one inside the cabin.
There was no one inside the closet.
There was no one inside the house.
There was no one inside the vent.
There was no one left but me.
There was no one left to answer.
There was no one left to fight.
There was no one left unsatisfied.
There was no one left.
There was no one on the beach.
There was no one on the bed.
There was no one on the dock.
There was no one on the island when the police searched it.
There was no one on the other end of the line.
There was no one on the pier.
There was no one on the stoep.
There was no one serving in the shop.
There was no one standing out there.
There was no one standing there.
There was no one that did not admire the boy.
There was no one there as far as we could see.
There was no one there besides me.
There was no one there but Tom.
There was no one there but her.
There was no one there but him.
There was no one there but me.
There was no one there but them.
There was no one there but us.
There was no one there to help me.
There was no one there to help us.
There was no one there when I arrived.
There was no one there who had a torch.
There was no one there.
There was no one to be seen anywhere.
There was no one to be seen as far as the eye could see.
There was no one to be seen in the street.
There was no one to serve me in the shop.
There was no one to stop Tom.
There was no one to stop her.
There was no one to stop him.
There was no one to stop me.
There was no one to stop the alien.
There was no one to stop them.
There was no one to stop us.
There was no one waiting for me in the shop.
There was no one walking their dog.
There was no one who could corroborate Sami's alibi.
There was no one who did not admire him.
There was no one who did not enjoy the party.
There was no one who didn't admire Tom.
There was no option but to obey.
There was no originality in Hitler's paintings.
There was no other choice but to abandon the entire project.
There was no other choice.
There was no other option.
There was no other road to follow than the windings of the river bed through this mountain-bound glen, in the same manner as yesterday.
There was no other way to do that.
There was no other way.
There was no oxygen left inside the bunker.
There was no pain.
There was no permanent damage.
There was no place to buy food.
There was no place to go.
There was no place to hide.
There was no plan whatsoever.
There was no point in additionally burdening her with this painful news.
There was no point in arguing after such a peremptory command.
There was no point in arguing with Tom about that point.
There was no point in arguing with Tom at that time.
There was no point in arguing with Tom at this point.
There was no point in arguing with Tom.
There was no point in arguing with her at this point.
There was no point in arguing with her.
There was no point in arguing with him at this point.
There was no point in arguing with him.
There was no point in denying it.
There was no point in going to the party.
There was no point in sticking around. They had made too many rules and restrictions.
There was no point remaining.
There was no post today.
There was no post yesterday.
There was no powder-blackening on the clothes. Evidently, therefore, Alec Cunningham had lied when he said that the two men were struggling when the shot was fired.
There was no private passage from the room, and they began to think that she must have thrown herself from the window, when one of the company, holding his torch lower than the rest, discovered something white in the corner of the great old-fashioned chimney of the apartment.
There was no proof of any forced entry.
There was no proof that Fadil was connected to Layla's disappearance.
There was no pulse. The man was dead.
There was no question about it.
There was no question about that.
There was no question in my mind that that would happen.
There was no reaction from Tom.
There was no real competition.
There was no real evidence against Tom.
There was no reason Ziri would send someone else to pick Rima up.
There was no reason for Tom to be angry.
There was no reason for Tom to do that.
There was no reason for that. Why did you do that?
There was no reason for you to get angry.
There was no reason for you to treat me that way.
There was no reason to be concerned.
There was no reason to come.
There was no reason to do that.
There was no reason to panic.
There was no reason to stay.
There was no reason to worry.
There was no referee on the field.
There was no reply, even after several complaints.
There was no reply.
There was no reported damage.
There was no reserve player on the team.
There was no respite from the cold.
There was no response to my question.
There was no response to my request.
There was no response.
There was no return address on the envelope.
There was no return address on the letters.
There was no return address on the postcards.
There was no riding horses bare-chested or allegedly saving a television crew by shooting a tranquilizer dart at a wild tiger which obligingly appeared from out of nowhere in the woods.
There was no risk to you.
There was no room for Leonardo DiCaprio on the lifeboat.
There was no saving her.
There was no saving him.
There was no school that day because of the snow.
There was no school the next day.
There was no seeming cause of death.
There was no service in the area.
There was no service. Not even a bar.
There was no sex in the Soviet Union.
There was no shortage of men ready to protect Layla.
There was no sign of Bigfoot.
There was no sign of Fadil but his car was there.
There was no sign of Flavio.
There was no sign of Lajos.
There was no sign of Tom anywhere.
There was no sign of Tom at the lake.
There was no sign of Tom.
There was no sign of Ziri's dog.
There was no sign of a shark.
There was no sign of acknowledgment from Claudio.
There was no sign of dinner appearing before I left.
There was no sign of forced entry.
There was no sign of her.
There was no sign of him.
There was no sign of life in the house.
There was no sign of life.
There was no sign of the intruder.
There was no sign of the weirdo in the area.
There was no signal in the mosque.
There was no signal on the island.
There was no signature on the contract.
There was no slippage in the schedule.
There was no smile on Tom's face.
There was no solid evidence against Sami.
There was no sound coming through.
There was no sound.
There was no standard.
There was no stopping Tom.
There was no stopping her.
There was no stopping him.
There was no stopping them.
There was no storm at all that happened.
There was no structural damage.
There was no student in the playground.
There was no student missing.
There was no swelling.
There was no taxi, so I had to walk home.
There was no thunder, not even rain.
There was no time for that.
There was no time left for an explanation.
There was no time left for explanation.
There was no time left for my family.
There was no time to be lost.
There was no time to do anything else.
There was no time to lose.
There was no time to reply.
There was no time to think about this.
There was no time to think.
There was no time.
There was no toilet paper.
There was no trace of Miroslav anywhere else.
There was no trace of evil in her.
There was no trace of him.
There was no trace of love between us any longer.
There was no truck there.
There was no ulterior motive, no lofty purpose, just the reporter’s idea of telling what he saw.
There was no violence.
There was no visible danger.
There was no warning whatsoever.
There was no warning.
There was no water and the flowers wilted.
There was no water in the canteen.
There was no water in the river.
There was no water in the well.
There was no way I could get it out of my mind.
There was no way I could leave Yanni alone in that house.
There was no way I could not have asked Tom that question.
There was no way I could've done that without Tom's help.
There was no way I could've done that without your help.
There was no way I could've known Tom was going to do that.
There was no way I could've known that that was going to happen.
There was no way I could've known that was going to happen.
There was no way I couldn't have asked Tom that question.
There was no way I was going to do that.
There was no way James would believe Amanda.
There was no way Lorenzo could contact anyone for help.
There was no way for you to know this would happen.
There was no way he could not go to that party.
There was no way in hell I was going down into that basement.
There was no way in hell I was going down there.
There was no way in hell that guy was Igor.
There was no way in.
There was no way of convincing him.
There was no way of reaching Tom.
There was no way of understanding it.
There was no way out of the bathroom.
There was no way out of the maze.
There was no way out.
There was no way that I could've done that without Tom's help.
There was no way that I could've done that without your help.
There was no way that I could've known that Tom was going to do that.
There was no way that I could've known that that was going to happen.
There was no way that I could've known that was going to happen.
There was no way that Sami could have seen it coming.
There was no way the wind could have knocked that planter down from where it was.
There was no way to avoid what happened.
There was no way to bring Tom back.
There was no way to contain the monster.
There was no way to convince him.
There was no way to explain it.
There was no way to go.
There was no way to hide it.
There was no way to shut the door.
There was no way we could do the tour without Daniel.
There was no way we could keep that from happening.
There was no wind at all yesterday.
There was no wind that night.
There was no wind to speak of.
There was no wind, so we couldn't go sailing.
There was no wind.
There was no woman in there.
There was nobody about.
There was nobody around.
There was nobody else in the room except Tom.
There was nobody else to protect and love Tom.
There was nobody here yesterday.
There was nobody hiding inside.
There was nobody in the car.
There was nobody in the dining room.
There was nobody in the garden.
There was nobody in the hall.
There was nobody in the house that could have made that sound.
There was nobody in the house.
There was nobody in the library.
There was nobody in the room except Tom.
There was nobody in the room.
There was nobody in there.
There was nobody inside the tent.
There was nobody left to answer.
There was nobody near Kalman.
There was nobody on the beach.
There was nobody standing next to the door.
There was nobody there when I arrived.
There was nobody there when I got there.
There was nobody there.
There was nobody to ask.
There was nobody under 30 around.
There was nobody who could come to your aid.
There was nobody.
There was not a bloody soul.
There was not a breath of air.
There was not a cloud in sight.
There was not a cloud in the sky.
There was not a cloud to be seen.
There was not a long queue at the bus stop.
There was not a long queue at the stadium.
There was not a man without tears in his eyes.
There was not a ray of hope before him.
There was not a shred of evidence that the professor had plagiarized his research paper, but he was accused nonetheless.
There was not a single free seat on the crowded bus.
There was not a single other car in the parking lot.
There was not a single other car on the road.
There was not a single person in there.
There was not a single word of gratitude from them.
There was not a tree in sight.
There was not a weed left in the yard, nor a speck of dust on the floors, nor a single black grain or wild pea in the wheat.
There was not enough evidence to find him guilty.
There was not enough fuel.
There was not enough wine to go round at the party.
There was not much variation from the norm.
There was not one child in the park yesterday.
There was nothing I could do about it.
There was nothing I could do about that.
There was nothing I could do at that time.
There was nothing I could do but wait for Tom.
There was nothing I could do but wait.
There was nothing I could do for Tom.
There was nothing I could do to change it.
There was nothing I could do to help Tom.
There was nothing I could do to help.
There was nothing I could do to stop Tom.
There was nothing I could do to stop her.
There was nothing I could do to stop him.
There was nothing I could do.
There was nothing I could have done.
There was nothing I could really do to prevent this from happening.
There was nothing I could've done.
There was nothing I needed to do.
There was nothing Paul could do.
There was nothing Sami could do to change that.
There was nothing Tom could do about it.
There was nothing Tom could do about that.
There was nothing Tom could do to help Mary.
There was nothing Tom could do to help.
There was nothing Tom could do to stop Mary.
There was nothing Tom could do.
There was nothing Tom could have done to prevent the accident.
There was nothing Tom could have done.
There was nothing Tom could've done about it.
There was nothing Tom could've done to help Mary.
There was nothing Tom could've done to prevent the accident.
There was nothing Tom could've done.
There was nothing Yanni could do to stop that.
There was nothing Ziri could do.
There was nothing Ziri could see.
There was nothing abnormal that caught Gunter's attention.
There was nothing and no one there.
There was nothing anybody could do.
There was nothing anybody could have done.
There was nothing anybody could've done.
There was nothing anyone could do.
There was nothing anyone could have done.
There was nothing anyone could've done.
There was nothing at all to worry about.
There was nothing at stake.
There was nothing attractive about the man.
There was nothing but a desk in his room.
There was nothing but an old armchair in the room.
There was nothing but an old chair in the room.
There was nothing but forest as far as the eye could see.
There was nothing but sand as far as the eye could see.
There was nothing but silence and darkness.
There was nothing but the blue sea as far as the eye could reach.
There was nothing but the ocean as far as the eye could see.
There was nothing but the stars lighting up the field.
There was nothing but water as far as the eye could reach.
There was nothing but water as far as the eye could see.
There was nothing but wet grass in all directions.
There was nothing but woods in all directions.
There was nothing confusing to me about Islam.
There was nothing controversial about it.
There was nothing dangerous down there.
There was nothing electronic in the attic.
There was nothing else I could do.
There was nothing else I had to do.
There was nothing else I needed to do.
There was nothing else I wanted to do.
There was nothing else Tom could do.
There was nothing else Tom had to do.
There was nothing else Tom needed to do.
There was nothing else Tom wanted to do.
There was nothing else that could have caused that noise.
There was nothing else to do.
There was nothing floating on the water.
There was nothing for it but to give up my plan.
There was nothing for it but to go without food.
There was nothing for it but to obey him.
There was nothing for it but to obey.
There was nothing for it but to tolerate it.
There was nothing for it but to wait for her.
There was nothing for it but to wait till he came back.
There was nothing for it but to wait.
There was nothing for me to do but mount the horse.
There was nothing for me to do.
There was nothing for me to drink.
There was nothing for me to eat.
There was nothing for us to do.
There was nothing for us to drink.
There was nothing for us to eat.
There was nothing happening in the street.
There was nothing he could have done.
There was nothing he lacked.
There was nothing here but remote wilderness.
There was nothing here, just sand and more sand.
There was nothing in Damiano's room that was out of place.
There was nothing in his eyes but darkness.
There was nothing in the apartment.
There was nothing in the basket.
There was nothing in the box.
There was nothing in the cupboard to eat.
There was nothing in the fridge.
There was nothing in the mosque.
There was nothing in the room.
There was nothing interesting in the newspaper.
There was nothing interesting on TV, so I turned it off.
There was nothing left for Tom.
There was nothing left for lunch.
There was nothing left for me to eat.
There was nothing left for us to do but give Mary what she wanted.
There was nothing left for us to eat.
There was nothing left in the fridge.
There was nothing left in the refrigerator.
There was nothing left of him except his bones.
There was nothing left of the deer.
There was nothing left over.
There was nothing left to be done.
There was nothing left to do - the decision was made.
There was nothing left to do.
There was nothing left to say.
There was nothing left.
There was nothing like that meeting.
There was nothing missing.
There was nothing more Yanni could have done at that point.
There was nothing more dear to me than our friendship.
There was nothing more important to Layla as her relationship with Fadil.
There was nothing more precious to me than our friendship.
There was nothing more to do.
There was nothing more to say about it.
There was nothing more to say.
There was nothing more we could do.
There was nothing noteworthy about the candidate's speech.
There was nothing on the ground.
There was nothing on the radio about the accident.
There was nothing on the rock.
There was nothing out of the ordinary.
There was nothing really wrong with Tom.
There was nothing secret about it.
There was nothing seemingly there.
There was nothing she could have done.
There was nothing so very remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it so very much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, "Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be too late!" (when she thought it over afterwards, it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time it all seemed quite natural;) but when the Rabbit actually took a watch out of its waistcoat-pocket, and looked at it, and then hurried on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to take out of it, and, burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it, and was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.
There was nothing special about Jessica's outfit.
There was nothing suspicious about Fadil's death.
There was nothing that I could do at that time.
There was nothing that I could do but wait for him.
There was nothing that I could do.
There was nothing that I needed to do.
There was nothing that Tom could do about it.
There was nothing that anybody could do.
There was nothing that anyone could do.
There was nothing that she longed for at that moment except to see Will.
There was nothing that the doctors could do.
There was nothing that they could do.
There was nothing that was going to stop Fadil.
There was nothing that was going to stop Sami.
There was nothing that we could do for them.
There was nothing that you could have done to stop Tom from doing what he did.
There was nothing that you could've done to stop Tom from doing what he did.
There was nothing the doctors could do to save Tom's life.
There was nothing the doctors could do.
There was nothing there when Kalman went to look.
There was nothing there.
There was nothing they could really do to prevent Fadil from beating Layla.
There was nothing to be seen but fog.
There was nothing to burn.
There was nothing to celebrate.
There was nothing to do but wait until the next morning.
There was nothing to do on Thursdays and Fridays.
There was nothing to do the last week of school.
There was nothing to do.
There was nothing to drink.
There was nothing to eat.
There was nothing to lose.
There was nothing to say.
There was nothing to see.
There was nothing to worry about.
There was nothing under the table.
There was nothing we could do about that.
There was nothing we could do to help Tom.
There was nothing we could do.
There was nothing we could have done.
There was nothing we could've done.
There was nothing worse than visiting a cemetery on a gloomy day.
There was nothing worthy of remark at the fair.
There was nothing written on the lid.
There was nothing written on the paper that was in the message bottle.
There was nothing wrong with the way you did that.
There was nothing wrong with their ability, it was just that the expense for each unit was so vast that the cost performance was bad.
There was nothing wrong with your car.
There was nothing you could do about that.
There was nothing you could have done to help.
There was nothing you could have done.
There was nothing you could've done to help.
There was nothing you could've done.
There was nothing.
There was now no opportunity of receding from the situation in which he had placed himself.
There was nowhere else we could've done that.
There was nowhere to buy food.
There was nowhere to go.
There was nowhere to hide.
There was nowhere we could hide.
There was obviously a need.
There was obviously no other way.
There was occasional laughter.
There was once a bridge here.
There was once a bundle of matches, who were all extremely proud of their high descent, for their genealogical tree, that is to say, the tall fir-tree, from which each of them was a splinter, had been a tree of great antiquity, and distinguished by his height from all the other trees of the forest.
There was once a cat whose name was Tango.
There was once a cruel ruler in the country.
There was once a fat, ugly peasant who fell in love with a beautiful, blonde princess. One day, the princess kissed the ugly, fat peasant, and he magically transformed into a slender, handsome prince. At least, that's how she saw him. At least, that's how he felt.
There was once a girl who stepped on a loaf of bread to avoid soiling her shoes, and the misfortunes that happened to her in consequence are well known.
There was once a girl who trod on a loaf to avoid soiling her shoes, and the misfortunes that happened to her in consequence are well known.
There was once a great war, and after the war many soldiers were dismissed.
There was once a king who had three daughters.
There was once a king who had three daughters. The two eldest were very proud and quarrelsome, but the youngest was as good as they were bad.
There was once a man who was the laziest man in all the world. He wouldn't take off his clothes when he went to bed because he didn't want to have to put them on again. He wouldn't raise his cup to his lips but went down and sucked up his tea without carrying the cup. He wouldn't play any sports because he said they made him sweat. And he wouldn't work with his hands for the same reason.
There was once a merchant that had three daughters, and he loved them better than himself.
There was once a merchant, so rich that he might have paved the whole street where he lived and an alley besides with pieces of silver.
There was once a restaurant across from this bus station.
There was once a time when I could not trust others.
There was once a time when men were forced to act manly and women forced to act in a feminine manner.
There was once a time when most people didn't know who Christopher Columbus was, but then he was born.
There was once a time when most people didn’t know who Christopher Columbus was, but then he was born.
There was once an emperor, very great and mighty, and he ruled over an empire so large that no one knew where it began and where it ended.
There was once an old castle, that stood in the middle of a deep gloomy wood, and in the castle lived an old fairy.
There was once upon a time a king who had twelve daughters.
There was once upon a time an old Queen whose husband had been dead for many years, and she had a beautiful daughter.
There was one American, one Canadian, plus about ten Germans.
There was one dead gazelle every four miles or so.
There was one difficulty, however.
There was one more thing that needed resolving.
There was one of those uproars!
There was one option left.
There was one other car in the parking lot.
There was one sergeant that was horribly wounded and yet kept on swimming for a surprising time, until some one in mercy blew out his brains.
There was one shared bathroom.
There was one thing in the case which had made the deepest impression both upon the servants and the police. This was the contortion of the Colonel's face. It had set, according to their account, into the most dreadful expression of fear and horror which a human countenance is capable of assuming. More than one person fainted at the mere sight of him, so terrible was the effect.
There was one witness.
There was only Ziri and me left in the room.
There was only Ziri there.
There was only a chair next to the table.
There was only a faint chance of success.
There was only a flimsy latch on the gate.
There was only a little milk left in the bottle.
There was only a simple white cross to mark the soldier's tomb.
There was only a thin layer of glass between Lukas and Amelia.
There was only an iron bed in the room.
There was only me and Ziri left from the original crew.
There was only moonlight coming through the window.
There was only one Holocaust, but there have been many genocides.
There was only one bottle of beer in the fridge.
There was only one candidate running for the office unopposed, so I wrote in our cat.
There was only one case of chicken pox at the school.
There was only one catch.
There was only one chair in the room.
There was only one chair.
There was only one chick in the nest.
There was only one left.
There was only one movie theater in town.
There was only one other person on the platform.
There was only one person in the room.
There was only one person laughing.
There was only one picnic table. Luckily, no one was using it.
There was only one problem.
There was only one slice of bread in the refrigerator.
There was only one small problem.
There was only one student in the room, who was bending over a distant table absorbed in his work.
There was only one survivor of the accident.
There was only one swallow in the nest.
There was only one thing missing from Elias's perfect life: a girlfriend.
There was only one warden on duty when the riot started.
There was only one way out of here.
There was only one way to do that.
There was only pitch blackness around me.
There was only the sound of the wind whistling through the trees.
There was only three people at that time.
There was over ten centimetres of snow on the car.
There was paint on the ladder.
There was paint on the windows.
There was panic everywhere.
There was peace all over the world.
There was pink mold in that bathroom.
There was placed before every one of them a magnificent cover with a case of massive gold, wherein were a spoon, and a knife and fork, all of pure gold set with diamonds and rubies.
There was plenty going on.
There was plenty of blood.
There was plenty of fertile land in the country beyond the Alleghany Mountains, and it was free to any who would settle on it.
There was plenty of strafing by fighter planes and sorties by small bomber squadrons, but there was none of the "massive retaliation" of World War II.
There was plenty of traffic.
There was practically no service out there.
There was practically nobody out and about when I went downtown this morning.
There was quiet in the room.
There was quite a kerfuffle at the council meeting when the controversial proposals were being debated.
There was really nothing that Ziri could do.
There was really nowhere to go.
There was really something fun about Mennad.
There was revelry at Tom's house.
There was rioting.
There was room for one person in the car.
There was scarcely any money left.
There was scrawled in blood-red letters a single word— RACHE.
There was screaming.
There was severe property damage.
There was shade for the summer, flowers for the spring, fruits for the autumn, and indeed enjoyment for every season of the year.
There was shattered glass everywhere.
There was shouting and confusion everywhere.
There was shouting.
There was silence as the judge pronounced sentence.
There was silence between them for a few minutes.
There was silence for a few seconds.
There was silence for a moment, and then the daughter spoke in a calm, clear voice.
There was silence for a moment.
There was silence in the auditorium.
There was silence in the classroom.
There was silence in the forest.
There was silence in the woods.
There was silence.
There was sleet.
There was slush on the road where the car, which had summer tires, was being driven.
There was smegma under his foreskin.
There was snow in the desert.
There was snow on the ground.
There was snow on the island of Lulus on January 14, 2012.
There was snow on the road.
There was so much blood.
There was so much foam that Gabor could have drowned in it.
There was so much free space, but it's all used up now.
There was so much going on in Yanni's mind.
There was so much noise that Professor Bayley couldn't make himself heard.
There was so much noise that Professor Bayley couldn’t make himself heard.
There was so much noise that the speaker couldn't make himself heard.
There was so much noise that the speaker couldn’t make himself heard.
There was so much paperwork and bureaucracy I just gave up.
There was so much paperwork to be done.
There was so much stuff on his desk that he had nowhere to write.
There was soft music playing.
There was some chewing gum on the sole of Tom's shoe.
There was some chewing gum stuck to the sole of Tom's shoe.
There was some controversy surrounding an immunity challenge in the final episode.
There was some couscous in the bowl.
There was some creepy guy on Tobias's stoep.
There was some dew this morning.
There was some drizzle, but no proper rain.
There was some fallout.
There was some fifties music playing on the radio.
There was some half-eaten food on the table.
There was some improvement today.
There was some kind of communication problem.
There was some kind of white powder on the floor.
There was some meat left over.
There was some monkey business going on when they were negotiating that last contract; money passed under the table.
There was some mud on Tom's boots.
There was some mud on Tom’s boots.
There was some shooting.
There was some shouting.
There was some signs that Tom was working with a very basic understanding of the history of Nazi Germany.
There was some taste of lemon in the cake.
There was some trash on the floor.
There was some trouble the day he moved in.
There was some uncertainty about whether everyone could understand French; someone sitting in the front row appeared not to. This is why English – with the hint of a French accent – was spoken.
There was some unrest in the city.
There was some warmth in the sun this morning, but it's cold now.
There was some warmth in the sun this morning, but now it's cold.
There was somebody in the room with Leon.
There was someone else there, too.
There was someone else there, too; a boy who I didn't recognize.
There was someone else there.
There was someone hiding behind Paul's bed.
There was someone hiding in the attic.
There was someone in the bathroom.
There was someone in the tent.
There was someone in there.
There was someone intentionally shaking the trees.
There was someone knocking on the door.
There was someone or something behind the tree.
There was someone or something circling our camp quickly.
There was someone out there.
There was someone sitting on a bench reading a book there.
There was someone waiting for Fadil.
There was someone watching Ziri.
There was someone.
There was something I had to do.
There was something I needed to get at the supermarket, but I forgot to pick it up.
There was something about her voice that made us feel uneasy.
There was something about that house that made her stop and look again.
There was something creepy about Ziri.
There was something definitely off about the man who owned that cabin.
There was something different about her.
There was something different about him.
There was something else.
There was something following Igor from behind.
There was something going on there.
There was something going on upstairs.
There was something going on.
There was something horribly wrong about Ziri's face.
There was something in Yanni's mouth.
There was something in front of Paul's truck.
There was something in his voice that worried us.
There was something in the air.
There was something in the dark.
There was something in the middle of the highway.
There was something in the water.
There was something in the woods.
There was something inexplicable about the story.
There was something lying on the ground.
There was something magnetic about her.
There was something moving in the distance.
There was something not quite right about Tom.
There was something odd about the way Tom looked at me yesterday.
There was something off about the situation.
There was something off in Sami's life.
There was something on the ground near her. What could it have been?
There was something on the road.
There was something pretty strange going on.
There was something quite special, almost sinister to his smile.
There was something simmering between her and her mother-in-law.
There was something sinister Antonio was cooking up.
There was something slightly off about Claudio's personality.
There was something so methodical and so incomprehensible about the deeds of this unknown assassin, that it imparted a fresh ghastliness to his crimes.
There was something standing in the darkness.
There was something strange about Ziri.
There was something strange about her.
There was something strange about him.
There was something strange in her sight.
There was something stuck in the washing machine.
There was something that touched me as I read this letter.
There was something there.
There was something to think over.
There was something totally wrong with the way Yanni did that.
There was something truly wrong happening.
There was something under the gazelle's skin.
There was something underneath us.
There was something unnatural and inhuman about the face.
There was something unnatural in the dog's eyes.
There was something unsettling about Claudio's smile.
There was something unusual about Elias.
There was something weird about Jayjay.
There was something weird about the incident.
There was something written on both sides of the paper.
There was something written on the stone, and they tried to make out what it was.
There was something wrong with that place.
There was something.
There was speculation among the lower classes that the country's monied families had made the fortunes in less than reputable ways.
There was standing room only in the Regional Express to Nuremberg.
There was steady economic improvement.
There was stew at our house every Tuesday.
There was still a glimmer of hope left.
There was still a glimmer of hope that everything would be alright.
There was still a lot of work that needed to be done.
There was still a lot of work to do.
There was still film in the camera.
There was still light coming in from the window.
There was still no one there.
There was still no sign of life.
There was still no sign of the seekers.
There was still no word from the police.
There was still some ice left.
There was still some milk in the cat's bowl.
There was still some space at the front of the bus.
There was still time for her to get herself a man.
There was still too much snow in Algeria.
There was strong sexual chemistry between Yanni and Skura.
There was such a racket at my house last night, I couldn't sleep.
There was such a strong headwind that I had to get off my bike and push it.
There was such a strong headwind that I had to get off my bike and push.
There was such earnestness, such despair, in her manner that her words arrested me, and I stood irresolute before the door.
There was supposed to be a dance, but it was canceled.
There was supposed to be a dance, but it was cancelled.
There was surely no way I could've known.
There was tall grass everywhere.
There was tension between them.
There was the scent of roses hanging in the air.
There was the smell of seaweed in the air and of herby autumnal flowers.
There was the sound of a clap of thunder in my ears.
There was there a young man a Hebrew, servant to the same captain of the soldiers: to whom we told our dreams, and we heard what afterwards the event of the thing proved to be so. For I was restored to my office: and he was hanged upon a gibbet.
There was thin ice on the lake.
There was this feller called Pete who used to live in the next street to mine. He sported a glorious pink and blue mohican. Everyone called him Punky Pete to distinguish him from other Petes.
There was this one class I taught that both my kids were enrolled in at the same time.
There was this one man in the crowd who constantly heckled the Prime Minister during his speech.
There was this shark that tried palming off his old moped.
There was thunder and lightning last night.
There was thunder and then it started to rain.
There was to be a dance, but it was canceled.
There was to be no intellectual light from this source.
There was toilet paper on Daniel's shoe.
There was too much snow.
There was total silence.
There was undoubtedly a mistake of some sort.
There was very far away from civilization.
There was very little in the way of entertainment.
There was very little the doctors could do for James.
There was water all over the kitchen floor.
There was water seeping through Kalman's treehouse.
There was what appeared to be blood all over Leonid's arms.
There was widespread fear.
There was widespread panic after the earthquake.
There was, however, a need for food to be carried from the bowl to the mouth, and chopsticks came along to meet that need.
There wasn't a German teacher in our village school.
There wasn't a bathroom there.
There wasn't a bone in my body that wanted to stay there a minute longer.
There wasn't a breath of wind.
There wasn't a civilian in sight.
There wasn't a cloud in sight.
There wasn't a cloud in the sky.
There wasn't a cloud to be seen.
There wasn't a doubt in my mind.
There wasn't a drop of water left in the canteen.
There wasn't a drop of water left in the well.
There wasn't a dry eye in the house.
There wasn't a hurricane, but the house doesn't have a roof.
There wasn't a lift in the building, so we had to go up the stairs to the fourth floor.
There wasn't a light on in the whole house because lightning had struck somewhere, so we sat together by candlelight. It was actually quite nice.
There wasn't a living soul as far as the eye could see.
There wasn't a living soul there.
There wasn't a living soul.
There wasn't a long queue at the stadium.
There wasn't a lot going on in our area.
There wasn't a lot to work with.
There wasn't a need to stop a taxi.
There wasn't a scrap of truth in the statement.
There wasn't a seat free on the crowded bus.
There wasn't a second date.
There wasn't a second to lose.
There wasn't a single abstention.
There wasn't a single boat in the lake.
There wasn't a single book in the room.
There wasn't a single car on the road.
There wasn't a single cat in the street.
There wasn't a single cloud in the sky.
There wasn't a single cookie left.
There wasn't a single customer in the store.
There wasn't a single free seat in the hall.
There wasn't a single free seat on the crowded bus.
There wasn't a single light on in there.
There wasn't a single mistake in Tom's essay.
There wasn't a single one left.
There wasn't a single person in the park.
There wasn't a single person in the street.
There wasn't a single person on the street.
There wasn't a single person there.
There wasn't a single picture on the wall.
There wasn't a single seat available on the overcrowded bus.
There wasn't a single seat free at the tables in the library.
There wasn't a single shred of evidence.
There wasn't a single sound in the woods.
There wasn't a single survivor.
There wasn't a single tree in sight.
There wasn't a single vacant seat in the hall.
There wasn't a single vacant seat left in the hall.
There wasn't a soul in sight.
There wasn't a soul in the street.
There wasn't a soul there.
There wasn't a soul.
There wasn't a typhoon today, but I made this illustration anyway.
There wasn't a way to convince him.
There wasn't a way to explain it to him.
There wasn't any book on the desk.
There wasn't any cat there.
There wasn't any coffee left in the pot.
There wasn't any employee at any checklane.
There wasn't any evidence that Lorenzo meant Melissa any harm.
There wasn't any furniture in that room.
There wasn't any furniture in the living room.
There wasn't any furniture in the room.
There wasn't any money for food.
There wasn't any money in the wallet that I found.
There wasn't any money left in Tom's piggy bank.
There wasn't any money left in the coin bank.
There wasn't any other camp in sight.
There wasn't any other room.
There wasn't any post today.
There wasn't any pressure whatsoever on him to convert to Islam.
There wasn't any room left.
There wasn't any security patrolling the perimeter.
There wasn't any snow in January this year.
There wasn't any special hurry.
There wasn't any spider there.
There wasn't any time for it.
There wasn't any time.
There wasn't any village on the map.
There wasn't any water in the canteen.
There wasn't any water in the well.
There wasn't any water left in the canteen.
There wasn't anybody in that room.
There wasn't anybody in the house.
There wasn't anybody left but me.
There wasn't anybody there.
There wasn't anyone in the park.
There wasn't anyone in the room.
There wasn't anyone in the shop to serve me.
There wasn't anyone there apart from us.
There wasn't anyone there but us.
There wasn't anyone there.
There wasn't anything Bruno could do.
There wasn't anything I could do for Tom.
There wasn't anything I could do to help Tom.
There wasn't anything I could do to help.
There wasn't anything Tom could've done to help Mary.
There wasn't anything else in the box.
There wasn't anything else that the police could do.
There wasn't anything good on TV, so I spent the entire afternoon channel-hopping.
There wasn't anything in the basket.
There wasn't anything in the box.
There wasn't anything left for us to eat.
There wasn't anything left to say.
There wasn't anything like enough light to read by.
There wasn't anything subtle about it.
There wasn't anything that I could do to help.
There wasn't anything the doctors could do for Tom.
There wasn't anything to eat.
There wasn't anything wrong with James.
There wasn't anywhere else for Tom to sleep, so he shared Mary's bed. Even though they've known each other for years, it still felt a bit weird. But the sizzling sound of the rain outside soon lulled both of them to sleep, unconsciously holding each other's hand.
There wasn't anywhere to buy food.
There wasn't anywhere to pull of the road and park.
There wasn't enough evidence to charge him.
There wasn't enough evidence to convict Tom.
There wasn't enough evidence to convict him of the crime.
There wasn't enough food for everybody.
There wasn't enough food for everyone.
There wasn't enough food.
There wasn't enough room at the dining room table for all of the potluck dishes so we had to line them up on the sideboard.
There wasn't enough room for everyone.
There wasn't enough room in Tobias's bedroom.
There wasn't enough room on the bus for all of us.
There wasn't enough time for us to do that today.
There wasn't enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
There wasn't enough time to do everything that we needed to do.
There wasn't enough time to do that.
There wasn't enough time.
There wasn't enough.
There wasn't even a power outage.
There wasn't even a speck of dust on the table.
There wasn't even a staircase.
There wasn't even one book in the room.
There wasn't even one cookie left.
There wasn't even sex.
There wasn't much I wanted to take with me.
There wasn't much Ziri could do.
There wasn't much coffee left in the pot.
There wasn't much else to do.
There wasn't much else we could do.
There wasn't much furniture in the house.
There wasn't much furniture in the room.
There wasn't much in what he said.
There wasn't much light in the area.
There wasn't much news in last night's newspaper.
There wasn't much rain.
There wasn't much snow on the ground.
There wasn't much sugar in the pot.
There wasn't much the cops could do.
There wasn't much the police could do.
There wasn't much to eat in the cupboard.
There wasn't much to eat in the pantry.
There wasn't much to see.
There wasn't much to write about.
There wasn't much traffic at all.
There wasn't much traffic this morning.
There wasn't much traffic.
There wasn't much we could do.
There wasn't much we could salvage from the wreckage.
There wasn't much we didn't talk about.
There wasn't one dish available to use.
There wasn't one student who was absent.
There wasn't one word of Berber spoken in that class.
There wasn't really any time to think about it.
There wasn't really anything I wanted to say.
There wasn't really much to see.
There wasn't such a chance.
There wasn't time for even a moment's thought.
There wasn't time.
There wasn't too much cargo to unload.
There wasn’t a cloud in the sky.
There wasn’t a scrap of truth in the statement.
There wasn’t a single book in the room.
There wasn’t a single person who didn’t weep after hearing that story.
There wasn’t a single vacant seat in the hall.
There wasn’t a soul in sight.
There wasn’t any book on the desk.
There wasn’t any furniture in that room.
There wasn’t anybody in that room.
There wasn’t anybody in the house.
There wasn’t anyone in the room.
There wasn’t anything like enough light to read by.
There wasn’t enough evidence to convict him of the crime.
There wasn’t much in what he said.
There wasn’t much light in the room.
There wasn’t much news in last night’s newspaper.
There wasn’t much sugar in the pot.
There wasn’t much traffic.
There wasn’t one student who was absent.
There wasn’t positive proof, but one of the Coast Guard planes on regular patrol the previous Saturday night had picked up a strange blip on its radar screen.
There wasn’t so much as a ripple on the water.
There we are again.
There we are!
There we experienced the incredible humanity of the nation, furnishing us with all things, with wonderful chearfulnes; lodging, fire, meat, cloaths, provisions for our way home.
There we experienced the incredible humanity of the nation, giving us everything, with amazing cheerfulness; lodging, fire, meat, clothes, provisions for our way home.
There we go again!
There we go!
There we go.
There we go. All cleaned up.
There we saw a real sailboat.
There went a lot of people in the line.
There were 120 people on the plane, exclusive of the crew.
There were 13 arrests.
There were 144 passengers and 6 crew members on board this plane.
There were 150 passengers on the plane.
There were 20 failures among 50 applicants.
There were 20 more births than deaths in the town last month.
There were 215 votes for the motion and 15 votes against it.
There were 3 in the bed!
There were 30 guests.
There were 30 members in all.
There were 30 survivors.
There were 30 witnesses.
There were 300 protesters outside the police station.
There were 400 missed calls from Janos.
There were 500 people in attendance.
There were Algerian flags everywhere.
There were Halloween decorations everywhere.
There were Jews in Arab countries before the partition of Palestine.
There were Muslims with Columbus.
There were a bunch of highschoolers doing drugs within school grounds.
There were a couple other cars parked in the parking lot.
There were a couple thousand dinars in here.
There were a crowd of people in the park.
There were a desk and a chair in the room.
There were a dozen suspects in the case.
There were a fair number of people in the hall.
There were a few children in the room.
There were a few large old wooden houses in the town.
There were a few moments of confusion.
There were a few pages missing from the book.
There were a few passengers in the train who were injured in the accident.
There were a few rain showers around midday.
There were a few rain showers around noon.
There were a few things that Mennad wanted to mention.
There were a few trees scattered around.
There were a few weirdos on the trail today.
There were a fucking lot of them there.
There were a good many candidates for the position.
There were a good many people on the platform.
There were a great many boys and girls in the park.
There were a great many ink bottles.
There were a great many people at the airport.
There were a great many people at the party.
There were a great many people present at the assembly.
There were a hat and a coat on the wall.
There were a hundred people in the hall.
There were a lot more guys than girls.
There were a lot of Algerians there.
There were a lot of Oceanian teachers at the English conversation school I went to previously.
There were a lot of Western Yiddish dialects.
There were a lot of accidents last winter.
There were a lot of annoying insects flying around.
There were a lot of anxieties around, like, are we going to be able to have movers help us move?
There were a lot of birds in the tree.
There were a lot of boats on the lake.
There were a lot of cars on the street.
There were a lot of cars.
There were a lot of children in the park.
There were a lot of children playing on the pavement.
There were a lot of dead fish on the beach.
There were a lot of dead leaves covering the ground.
There were a lot of delicious things in the fridge.
There were a lot of empty beer bottles lying on the ground near the tent.
There were a lot of empty seats the day I went.
There were a lot of errors on Tom's essay.
There were a lot of excited fans in the stadium.
There were a lot of excited people in the stadium.
There were a lot of familiar faces in the audience.
There were a lot of families at the resort.
There were a lot of fumes coming out of the car exhaust.
There were a lot of girls at the party.
There were a lot of great bands at the festival.
There were a lot of great ideas.
There were a lot of great songs in the 90s.
There were a lot of guests at the party.
There were a lot of guests in that motel.
There were a lot of hoops we had to jump through.
There were a lot of houses around the area.
There were a lot of human remains in that place.
There were a lot of men among the inhabitants.
There were a lot of murders last year.
There were a lot of new and interesting phrases in today's lesson.
There were a lot of opinions, pro and con, on this question.
There were a lot of people at Tom's funeral.
There were a lot of people at the airport.
There were a lot of people at the concert.
There were a lot of people at the party.
There were a lot of people at the train station this morning.
There were a lot of people in the bedroom.
There were a lot of people in the mosque.
There were a lot of people in the park today.
There were a lot of people in the park.
There were a lot of people in the pool.
There were a lot of people in the room.
There were a lot of people in the stadium.
There were a lot of people in the street.
There were a lot of people in the waiting room.
There were a lot of people on both sides of the street.
There were a lot of people on the beach last weekend.
There were a lot of people on the beach.
There were a lot of people on the bus.
There were a lot of people on the street.
There were a lot of people queuing.
There were a lot of people shouting and waving.
There were a lot of people there that I didn't know.
There were a lot of people there to meet us.
There were a lot of people there.
There were a lot of people waiting for the bus.
There were a lot of people waiting for us at the airport.
There were a lot of people who came to ask after the famous actress.
There were a lot of people who came to ask for the famous actress.
There were a lot of people.
There were a lot of plays on words.
There were a lot of puns.
There were a lot of riots that year.
There were a lot of rules.
There were a lot of rumors.
There were a lot of rumours.
There were a lot of shoppers in this store.
There were a lot of stars seen in the sky.
There were a lot of stars visible in the sky.
There were a lot of students absent from class today.
There were a lot of students in the room.
There were a lot of teachers from Australia and New Zealand at the English conversation school I went to previously.
There were a lot of terrorists.
There were a lot of things I didn't like about this movie.
There were a lot of things Layla wasn't honest about.
There were a lot of things Mary said she had to do.
There were a lot of things Mary said she needed to do.
There were a lot of things Tom and Mary said they had to do.
There were a lot of things Tom and Mary said they needed to do.
There were a lot of things Tom didn't tell us about.
There were a lot of things Tom had to say to Mary.
There were a lot of things Tom needed to buy.
There were a lot of things Tom said he had to do.
There were a lot of things Tom said he needed to do.
There were a lot of things Tom wanted to do.
There were a lot of things Tom wasn't honest about.
There were a lot of things that we wanted to do, but we didn't have enough time.
There were a lot of things to do before the pandemic.
There were a lot of things we wanted to do, but we didn't have enough time.
There were a lot of tourists in town today.
There were a lot of twists and turns to the story, but we finally solved the problem.
There were a lot of writings about homosexuality.
There were a lot of young couples in the park.
There were a lot of young women in the room.
There were a number of cars on the street.
There were a number of gifts under the Christmas tree.
There were a number of inconsistencies in the suspect's story.
There were a number of men eating their lunches under the trees in front of the library.
There were a number of people sunbathing on the beach.
There were a number of reasons for the change.
There were a number of reasons for this accident.
There were a number of students in the room.
There were a total of five of us.
There were a variety of dead animals littering the ground.
There were about 1,000 people.
There were about a thousand people there.
There were about a thousand people.
There were about five guests left in the house.
There were about five kids left, including Gunter's son.
There were about five of us in the building.
There were about one thousand people.
There were about thirty of them in all.
There were about thirty of us.
There were about thirty people here earlier.
There were about thirty people there.
There were about twenty Esperantists present.
There were about twenty like-minded people present.
There were about twenty people there.
There were absolutely no cars to be seen on the road at all.
There were all sorts of group activities.
There were all sorts of rumors circulating about him.
There were all those video tapes with all those dates and names written on them.
There were almost 100 people, few of whom I had seen before.
There were almost a hundred people, few of whom had been seen before.
There were almost no cars in the parking lot.
There were almost no passengers on the train.
There were almost no railroads out west.
There were almost no trick-or-treaters that Halloween.
There were almost three hundred people in the auditorium.
There were already a lot of people waiting in a line in front of the movie theater.
There were already a lot of people.
There were already over 20 people sitting there.
There were already people living there.
There were also her husband and my wife there.
There were also some tableaux in which Cynthia took part.
There were also the Feast of Nuts, the Jubilee of Autumn Tintings, the solemn ceremony of Leaf Shedding and the revelry of Budding Day. But these periods of enjoyment were far apart, and left many weary hours between.
There were always children around Sami.
There were animals in the farm.
There were anime characters hanging on the walls.
There were areas where the language was imposed.
There were armed guards at the gate.
There were armed guards everywhere.
There were around forty people on the trip.
There were as many as five hundred people present.
There were assassination theories but it was not clear who would have killed him and for what reason. Even now the truth about his death is unclear.
There were at least 100 people present.
There were at least a hundred people present.
There were at least five women standing outside, all claiming to be his wife.
There were at least thirty people standing in line.
There were at least three boys in the room.
There were at least three people in the park.
There were at most twenty people at the rally.
There were backpacks scattered all over the meadow.
There were bad rumors about James because of his limp.
There were bags in various sizes.
There were bags of various sizes.
There were barely fifty people there.
There were bars on the windows.
There were beads of perspiration on his brow.
There were beads of sweat on his forehead.
There were bear tracks in the snow.
There were beautiful flowers on the reception desk.
There were beautiful women at the club last night.
There were beer bottles everywhere.
There were beer bottles scattered everywhere.
There were bicycles everywhere.
There were big gains Tuesday on Wall Street.
There were birds chirping everywhere.
There were bits of broken glass on the floor.
There were black clouds over our heads.
There were blood spatters on the wall.
There were blood splatters on the ground.
There were blood stains on the floor.
There were blood stains on the shirt that the police found under Tom's bed.
There were books lying about the room.
There were books lying here and there in the room.
There were both indoor and outdoor seating options.
There were boxes everywhere.
There were bugs buzzing, birds chirping and frogs croaking.
There were bugs in the rice.
There were bullet holes in the windshield.
There were bundles and bundles of cash.
There were but few who did not go there.
There were calls for a new UN resolution condemning North Korea.
There were cameras and lots of light in the parking lot.
There were cameras at the station.
There were candid moments captured during family gatherings.
There were candles everywhere.
There were capers visible in the sauce.
There were cars burning, people dying, and nobody could help them.
There were celebrations along the battle lines, too.
There were challenges.
There were checkpoints.
There were chickens everywhere.
There were chickpeas in the salad as well as in the hummus.
There were children everywhere.
There were children from about two to seven years of age.
There were children on stage performing for adults in ways that were very inappropriate.
There were cigarette butts everywhere.
There were clashes at Shireen Abu Akleh's funeral.
There were claw marks all around the windows.
There were clear marks of someone trying to break into the window.
There were clothes strewn all over.
There were cobwebs everywhere.
There were cockroaches all over the place.
There were coffee grounds left in my cup.
There were compromises.
There were cops hidden all over that building.
There were corn fields in that area.
There were costs.
There were cotton candy vendors in the shrine.
There were countless stars in the sky.
There were couples all around us.
There were cowpats all over the track.
There were cracks in the cup so the drink leaked out.
There were creatures lurking in the shadows.
There were crowds of people around Yuri.
There were curtains hanging over the window.
There were dark pouches under his eyes; his heavy unshaven face seemed to sag at every crease.
There were dark rumors about James.
There were dead animals everywhere.
There were dead bodies everywhere.
There were dead bodies in the shipping container.
There were deep feelings between the two.
There were deer in the woods.
There were definitely people coughing and sneezing on my flight and no one followed up with them.
There were demonstrations against the government by Japanese university students in the 1960's.
There were demonstrations against the government by Japanese university students in the 1960’s.
There were dirty dishes in the sink.
There were disagreements, and the community began to splinter.
There were doctors and nurses standing around Ziri.
There were documents in the box.
There were documents inside the box.
There were dogs all over the place.
There were dogs everywhere.
There were dozens of gazelles in the area.
There were dozens of skinned animals everywhere.
There were eight against us.
There were eight of us.
There were eight pebbles there.
There were emotional scenes in Brussels as the last British lawmakers departed this week.
There were empty cans scattered all over the place.
There were enough seats for all of us.
There were enough.
There were errors.
There were even isolated reports of cannibalism.
There were exceptions.
There were explosives hidden in the van.
There were expressions of revulsion at what happened and sympathy expressed for the victims and their families.
There were farmhouses all over the area.
There were feasting and gifts and the houses were hung with evergreens.
There were few books about Islam in English those days.
There were few children in many Roman families in Augustus' times.
There were few children in the classroom.
There were few children in the room.
There were few colleges to educate women.
There were few passengers who were safe.
There were few people at the beach today.
There were few people in the park.
There were few people on the beach.
There were few people there.
There were few students left in the classroom.
There were few students remaining in the classroom.
There were few things that Nemesio the gnome liked more than to sleep under the stars on a soft bed of fresh moss.
There were few visitors.
There were few, if any, cases.
There were few, if any, trees.
There were fewer accidents this year than last.
There were fewer and fewer customers.
There were fewer children attending school in our village in 1975 than in 1965.
There were fewer people at the rally than organisers had hoped for.
There were fifteen persons injured in the accident.
There were fifty entries for the race.
There were fifty passengers in the bus.
There were fifty passengers on board the bus.
There were fifty passengers on the plane.
There were fifty persons in all.
There were figures there from those of an age best called girls and boys to those who looked to be old enough to be about to live out their life span.
There were firemen everywhere.
There were fish everywhere.
There were five adults with us.
There were five boys in the room.
There were five campsites in the area.
There were five chaperones.
There were five children.
There were five classes in the first year.
There were five days of unbroken rain.
There were five fires last night.
There were five injured.
There were five kids in the class.
There were five men in total and they were all arrested.
There were five men inside.
There were five more floors.
There were five new cases of flu today.
There were five of us if you count one-year-old Tom.
There were five of us, to include myself, all in one car.
There were five of us.
There were five patients in the waiting room.
There were five rows of pews.
There were five small casks of fresh water, two or three canisters of gunpowder, a small box of tea and another of sugar, besides several bags of biscuits.
There were flames everywhere.
There were flashing police cars outside the al-Aqsa Mosque.
There were flies everywhere.
There were flocks of people on the beach.
There were floods as a result of the heavy rain.
There were flowers all around.
There were flowers everywhere.
There were flowers here.
There were flowers on his grave.
There were food and drink in abundance at the party.
There were footprints in and out of Tom's bedroom.
There were footprints in the snow.
There were footprints outside Tom's bedroom window.
There were footsteps out in the distance.
There were forty people present.
There were four assistant imams and he was one of them.
There were four chairs around the table.
There were four chairs by the table.
There were four gazelles crossing the road together.
There were four human-like footprints on the ground.
There were four inches of snow on the ground.
There were four of us.
There were four or five customers in the store.
There were four other camp sites there.
There were four other guys there.
There were four pieces of cheese on the table.
There were four pieces of furniture in the room.
There were four piggy banks in the children's rooms.
There were four thousand people at Yanni's funeral.
There were four thumps from inside of the cabin.
There were framed pictures of a child and a wedding on top of the desk.
There were fresh-looking footsteps in the snow.
There were games that Flavio could play.
There were gaps between his teeth.
There were garbanzo beans in the salad as well as in the hummus.
There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of renown.
There were grace, seduction, mystery, and coquetry in her face and in all her movements.
There were green fields as far as the eye could reach.
There were grotesque dolphins turning somersaults, and gigantic whales squirting water through their nostrils like hundreds of fountains on every side.
There were gun shots.
There were half a dozen fatalities.
There were handwritten notes on the door.
There were hardly any cars in the car park.
There were hardly any cars in the parking lot.
There were hardly any children in the park.
There were hardly any passengers on the train.
There were hardly any people in the room.
There were hardly any people there.
There were hardly any teachers at the school that students could talk to.
There were hardly more than 100 houses in the village we passed yesterday.
There were hidden cameras everywhere.
There were holes here and there.
There were honest people long before there were Christians and there are, God be praised, still honest people where there are no Christians.
There were houses here once.
There were houses on both sides of the street.
There were hundreds of birds on the lake.
There were hundreds of cars on the street.
There were hundreds of eyes, all looking at Ziri.
There were hundreds of people milling about in the streets.
There were hundreds of people outside.
There were hundreds of people there.
There were hundreds of taxis at the airport, all touting for business.
There were hundreds of taxis at the airport, all vying for customers.
There were hundreds of ticks in its fur.
There were hyenas in the area scrounging around for food.
There were icicles hanging from the roof.
There were icicles on the fences, a rime of silver on the windward bark of maples, and occasional bare spots on the rocky protuberances of the road, as if Nature had worn herself out at the knees and elbows through long waiting for the tardy spring.
There were important notes in that notebook.
There were in all seven hundred heavy-armed soldiers.
There were indeed seven of us.
There were influences that tempered the joys of leaf-kicking—some "meanie" was always ready to hide a big rock, or other disagreeable foreign substance, under a particularly inviting bunch of leaves—then watch and giggle at your discomfiture when you came innocently ploughing along!
There were initials embroidered on the Shawi dress.
There were ink blots on the paper.
There were islands in the sea.
There were just a few customers in the restaurant.
There were just a handful of customers in the restaurant.
There were just a handful of customers inside.
There were just a handful of locals at the bar.
There were just barely over 100 houses in the village we passed yesterday.
There were just three people there.
There were just woods in the area.
There were kerosene lanterns on the tables.
There were kitchen gadgets including toasters, kettles and percolators.
There were large boulders in the area.
There were large indentations in the dirt all around those bones.
There were large ploughed fields in the plains. In the evening, mist rose from the furrows, and the tired horses slowed their pace.
There were large spikes on top of the fence to prevent people from climbing over.
There were leaks in the roof.
There were lights on down there.
There were lights on in the house.
There were lilies planted in front of the house.
There were long desks lined up, several pipe chairs, and stuck on the bulletin board were a calendar and several printouts.
There were long lines at supermarkets.
There were long queues at supermarkets.
There were long queues outside supermarkets.
There were lots of Muslim kids at the school Sami attended.
There were lots of bundles, but they weren't thousand-dollar bills.
There were lots of bundles, but they weren’t thousand-dollar bills.
There were lots of cars.
There were lots of changes over time.
There were lots of employees.
There were lots of fireflies.
There were lots of happy kids in the swimming pool.
There were lots of immigrants from Italy and Ireland.
There were lots of jobs.
There were lots of people at the concert.
There were lots of people in the park today.
There were lots of people in the stadium.
There were lots of people on the street when the parade came by.
There were lots of people.
There were lots of them.
There were many Canadian children at the party.
There were many ambulances filled with gunshot victims.
There were many articles about John on the Internet.
There were many atrocities during the war.
There were many beautiful bungalows near the beach.
There were many beehives in the apiary.
There were many books inside of that box.
There were many books on the shelf.
There were many boys who were interested in dating Mary.
There were many cars on the street.
There were many cars.
There were many cases of influenza.
There were many challenges.
There were many children in the room.
There were many children in the square.
There were many children my age living there.
There were many children playing on the beach.
There were many cute dalmatians in the pet shop.
There were many delicious snacks at the party.
There were many empty beer cans on the floor.
There were many fingerprints on the purse.
There were many gawkers outside.
There were many glass shards.
There were many gods and goddesses in ancient Rome.
There were many good-looking girls at the party.
There were many good-looking guys at the party.
There were many guests - most of them were our teacher's classmates and friends.
There were many guests - most of them were our teacher’s classmates and friends.
There were many incidents reported in the woods.
There were many injured people, but hardly any people were missing.
There were many jewels in the treasure chest.
There were many journalists who praised Ogawa with, "bravo, good show!"
There were many kinds of early Christians. Some sects never made it to the present time. One of them was the Ebionites, from the Hebrew "ebyonim" for poor. They revered Jesus' supposed brother James the Just, but rejected the missionary Paul of Tarsus. They believed that Mary was not a virgin and that Jesus was adopted by God. The Ebionites were vegetarians. There were many other extinct sects of Christianity. At that time, the distinction between Jews and Christians was not really clear-cut. Another sect that is extinct today is the Marcionites. Marcion of Sinope (circa 85-160 CE) wrote books that did not survive to the present day; one book that he wrote was The Antitheses. Unlike the Ebionites who still followed Jewish Law and thought that Jesus was human, not God, the Marcionites rejected Jewish Law and thought that Jesus was God, not human. The Marcionites believed that there were 2 gods, the Creator God of the Jews and the God of Jesus. Jesus was the God of mercy and love; he was to save people from the wrathful Creator God. "Docetism" is the term used for thinking that Jesus was a phantasm that appeared human. Marcionites believed that Jesus was not born into this world. Their canon was something like the New Testament, but more compact, and phrases that Marcion thought were scribes' earlier modifications had been elided.
There were many late arrivals at the concert.
There were many late arrivals to the concert.
There were many marks of footsteps upon the wet clayey soil; but since the police had been coming and going over it, I was unable to see how my companion could hope to learn anything from it.
There were many mosquitoes in the room.
There were many of us who opposed that.
There were many of us who were glad enough to win back our freedom, and yet who had no wish to have murder on our souls.
There were many ordeals related to Piapot's style of governing the tribe.
There were many others.
There were many people at Giverny to see Monet's house and gardens.
There were many people at the concert.
There were many people at the festival.
There were many people at the funeral.
There were many people at the party that I didn't know.
There were many people in the hall.
There were many people in the room.
There were many people there whom I didn't know.
There were many people there.
There were many people.
There were many places to hide in the garden.
There were many poets in Greece.
There were many portraits of the same woman.
There were many presents under the Christmas tree.
There were many problems we had to solve.
There were many rotten apples in the basket.
There were many rules, but we didn't convince the young people.
There were many rumours.
There were many scientists on the expedition.
There were many signs in the park that said "Keep off the grass."
There were many snow storms last winter.
There were many students in the room.
There were many students that admired him.
There were many subordinates who harbored complaints.
There were many technological advances at the beginning of the twenty-first century.
There were many things Tom didn't like.
There were many things in the room.
There were many things that I didn't like about that movie.
There were many things that I didn’t like about that movie.
There were many things that I liked.
There were many things that I thought were important at that time that I no longer believe are important.
There were many things that Tom wanted Mary to do that day.
There were many things that Tom wanted to do before he died.
There were many things that bothered me about that contract.
There were many things that needed my attention, so I didn't get home until after midnight.
There were many things that needed my attention, so I didn’t get home until after midnight.
There were many things that needed to be done before we could leave.
There were many things that we needed to do to prepare for our trip.
There were many things that we simply didn't have time to do.
There were many things that we simply didn’t have time to do.
There were many things that we wanted to do, but we never got around to doing many of them.
There were many upsets right from the first day.
There were many vehicles on the little town's roads.
There were many victims.
There were many who couldn't recognize him in that disguise.
There were many who couldn’t recognize him in that disguise.
There were many women in the crowd with crying babies.
There were many wounded.
There were many young children playing in the park.
There were many young women in the room.
There were maybe up to a thousand people there.
There were means when reason was scarce, now reason abounds but means are scarce!
There were melted snow tracks on the floor.
There were middle-aged people at the meeting.
There were miles and miles of woods north of the cabin.
There were millions of stars in the sky.
There were mistakes made.
There were mitigating circumstances in his favour.
There were moments when I thought I wouldn't survive.
There were moneychangers in the Temple because Roman colonizer money wasn't accepted there.
There were monkeys at the temple.
There were more people present at the birthday party than was expected.
There were more people there than there are leaves in a whole forest.
There were more pictures of Robert than there were of Sandra.
There were more racist people in CHAZ than anywhere else.
There were more spectators than I had expected.
There were more students at my high school than there are billionaires in the world.
There were more than 100 people at the party.
There were more than 100 students there.
There were more than a hundred people at the party.
There were more than a thousand men in the mosque.
There were more than fifty girls at the party.
There were more than thirty people standing in line.
There were more than three thousand people there.
There were more than twenty train cars behind the locomotive.
There were muddy footprints on the floor.
There were muddy footprints on the kitchen floor.
There were multiple collisions.
There were multiple disclaimers at the start of the video.
There were multiple strange lights in the sky.
There were negative side effects, he said, such as severe flu-like symptoms almost immediately upon dosing.
There were neither flowers nor trees in the streets of his city.
There were nice pictures on that wall.
There were nineteen graduates for the batch of Spanish class.
There were no Japanese in this country.
There were no alternatives.
There were no appliances back then.
There were no bars and no Internet.
There were no birds chirping.
There were no birds jumping.
There were no birds tweeting, no rustling.
There were no books on Tom's desk.
There were no bounds to his ambition.
There were no brains in his head equal to this business; and as the little sun-rays continued to stream in through his hat at him, he wished he had never seen a book, that he might never see another, that he had never been born.
There were no buses, so we had to walk.
There were no cameras situated near Felix's apartment.
There were no cars in the driveway.
There were no casualties, and the hospital was moved to temporary accommodation.
There were no casualties.
There were no cats in the room.
There were no chairs in ancient China.
There were no chairs in the room.
There were no children in the park yesterday.
There were no children in the park.
There were no children playing in the park.
There were no classes today.
There were no clerks to wait on me.
There were no clouds today.
There were no computers at that time.
There were no computers in the office.
There were no consequences.
There were no customers in our bar after 10:00 p.m. that night.
There were no customers, so we closed the shop earlier.
There were no customers, so we closed the shop early.
There were no customers, so we closed the store early.
There were no damages to the cars involved in the fender bender.
There were no doors to the building.
There were no doors to the upstairs rooms.
There were no easy credit facilities or ubiquitous ATMs in 1980.
There were no easy decisions.
There were no eyewitnesses.
There were no fatalities.
There were no fences on the great plains.
There were no fewer than five passengers on the train.
There were no fewer than five women standing outside, claiming to be his wife.
There were no fingerprints on the knife.
There were no fingerprints.
There were no flowers or trees in his street.
There were no flowers or trees lining the streets of the town he lived in.
There were no flowers or trees on his street.
There were no flowers or trees on the street.
There were no forks.
There were no further stops.
There were no galaxies or even stars, only diffuse gas.
There were no ghosts or spirits in Ziri's apartment.
There were no guards in the guard towers.
There were no hats in that store that fit me.
There were no holds for hand or foot on the rock.
There were no insects buzzing.
There were no jobs.
There were no knives.
There were no laws for people to abide by.
There were no laws saying what they could or could not do.
There were no leaves on the ivy.
There were no leaves on the vine.
There were no leaves rustling.
There were no leftists there.
There were no lights inside.
There were no lights on in that home.
There were no lights on in the apartment.
There were no lights on inside or outside the house.
There were no lights on inside.
There were no lights on those country roads.
There were no main roads for miles.
There were no major Jewish or Samaritan revolts in Palestine after the Muslim conquest.
There were no marks of any violence upon her.
There were no mistakes.
There were no mitigating circumstances.
There were no mobile phones at the time.
There were no mobile phones back then, only payphones.
There were no mobile phones back then.
There were no more apples in the box.
There were no more blankets.
There were no more footsteps.
There were no more free seats.
There were no more noises.
There were no more questions.
There were no more seats left on the crowded bus.
There were no more sounds.
There were no more than five passengers in the bus.
There were no more than ten customers in the shop.
There were no more than two books on the desk.
There were no more towels.
There were no mourners.
There were no news from Mary.
There were no newspapers.
There were no objections from the owner.
There were no objections.
There were no other cars in the parking lot.
There were no other choices.
There were no other customers in the store.
There were no other customers.
There were no other deaths for a few months.
There were no other elephants in the area.
There were no other injuries.
There were no other riders in the adjacent compartments.
There were no other schools in the area.
There were no other survivors.
There were no papers or memoranda in the murdered man's pocket, except a single telegram, dated from Cleveland about a month ago, and containing the words, 'J. H. is in Europe.'
There were no passengers on the bus at the time of the crash.
There were no people in the village.
There were no people on the street.
There were no people out.
There were no presents under the tree.
There were no prior warnings.
There were no problems to report.
There were no problems.
There were no protests from the students.
There were no questions asked.
There were no radios in Japan in those days.
There were no radios in those days.
There were no radios in those times.
There were no railroads at that time in Japan.
There were no railroads in Japan at that time.
There were no railroads.
There were no railway tracks.
There were no real problems.
There were no reports of damage.
There were no reports of injures.
There were no reports of injuries.
There were no resignations.
There were no roses in the garden.
There were no schools for the deaf at that time.
There were no screams.
There were no seats left for the show.
There were no seats left on the crowded bus.
There were no seats left.
There were no serious injuries.
There were no side dishes with the rice, so I ended up putting sauce on it and eating it like that.
There were no side effects.
There were no sidewalks on that road.
There were no signs of an excavation.
There were no signs of disorder in the ship.
There were no signs of forced entry in the house.
There were no signs of forced entry.
There were no signs of life on the island.
There were no signs of life there.
There were no signs of life.
There were no slaves in the West.
There were no solutions.
There were no stairs to the last floor.
There were no stars in the pitch-black night sky.
There were no steps leading up to the second floor.
There were no stores in the Yukon.
There were no strange happenings last night.
There were no street lights.
There were no students who went to the party.
There were no surprises.
There were no survivors of the accident.
There were no survivors.
There were no taxis available.
There were no televisions in that house.
There were no temples or shrines among us save those of nature.
There were no tickets available for Friday's performance.
There were no tickets available for Friday’s performance.
There were no tire tracks in the driveway.
There were no toilets anywhere.
There were no tracks in the snow other than Kalman's.
There were no trees on the island.
There were no visible dangers.
There were no volunteers for the job.
There were no window seats left.
There were no witnesses to the accident.
There were no witnesses to the crime.
There were none in the room.
There were not less than five passengers on the train.
There were not many doctors in the gold fields.
There were not many present.
There were not many rainy days in June this year.
There were not many windows in Boldi's house.
There were not many women doctors in those days.
There were not more than one hundred passengers on board the ferry.
There were not more than ten customers in the shop.
There were not nearly enough concrete blocks to build that bridge.
There were numerous beehives in the apiary.
There were numerous victims.
There were oil stains on the blanket.
There were once Sephardi pirates in the Caribbean.
There were once a King and a Queen, and they had a son called Sigurd, who was very strong and active, and good-looking.
There were once a Scotsman and an Englishman and an Irishman serving in the army together, who took it into their heads to run away on the first opportunity they could get.
There were once a man and a woman who had long in vain wished for a child.
There were once a poor man and a rich woman.
There were once houses here.
There were once on a time a king and a queen who lived happily together and had twelve children, but they were all boys.
There were once poor farmers in that village.
There were once seven witches who lived together near the old castle.
There were once so many oysters in the 300 kilometer-long Chesapeake Bay, Native Americans named the inlet "Tschiswapeki" meaning "Great Shellfish Bay."
There were once upon a time a poor man and a rich woman.
There were only 5 minutes left, so I had to finish the test quickly.
There were only Algerians there.
There were only a few children in the park.
There were only a few customers in the restaurant.
There were only a few days left before Christmas.
There were only a few days left before New Year's Eve.
There were only a few days left before the wedding.
There were only a few days left until the wedding.
There were only a few patches of vegetation near the river.
There were only a few people on the bus.
There were only a few people there.
There were only a few plants in the garden.
There were only a few pupils left in the classroom.
There were only a hundred copies sold.
There were only aisle seats.
There were only crumbs left in the box.
There were only fifteen parents in the school meeting.
There were only five cameras in the entire warehouse.
There were only five of us left there.
There were only five of us.
There were only five other workers with Karl that night.
There were only five people present altogether.
There were only four of us.
There were only four pumps at that gas station.
There were only four seconds remaining on the bomb’s timer.
There were only girls.
There were only six people at the meeting.
There were only six people at the party.
There were only six people in the meeting.
There were only six thousand three hundred and twenty-four (3624) people who spoke that language ten years ago.
There were only snobs there.
There were only spiders behind the cabinet.
There were only three adult in the room.
There were only three adults in the room.
There were only three books on the desk.
There were only three books on the shelf.
There were only three boys in the room.
There were only three children on the bus.
There were only three flowers in the vase.
There were only three horses in the race.
There were only three left.
There were only three men on the committee.
There were only three of us.
There were only three passengers on the bus when it exploded.
There were only three people in the room.
There were only three people there.
There were only three presents under the Christmas tree.
There were only three soldiers guarding the prisoners.
There were only three survivors.
There were only two means left to him in order to get a bite to eat. He had either to work or to beg.
There were only two men.
There were only two of the prisoners who were not in the secret.
There were only two of us left in the elevator.
There were only two.
There were other Muslim kids at Ziri's school.
There were other contributors.
There were other hikers nearby.
There were other men on the boat.
There were other people on the train.
There were other people sleeping there, too.
There were other people watching.
There were other possibilities.
There were other secrets Sami discovered when he talked to Layla.
There were other suggestions.
There were other witnesses to Lukas's presence there.
There were others like you.
There were over 200 passengers on board the ship.
There were over fifteen thousand spectators.
There were over fifty girls at the party.
There were over four hundred people at Yanni's funeral.
There were over thirty children on board the ship that sank.
There were over three thousand people in the audience.
There were over three thousand people in the stadium.
There were over three thousand spectators.
There were paintings on the wall.
There were paintings that were interesting to look at in the store.
There were parks around Vancouver Harbour with the view of the northern mountain range. I walked a lot, mostly alone, but sometimes with a friend.
There were passengers in the front three seats, but rest of the bus was empty.
There were penguin footprints in the sand.
There were people dressed up as foxes, some as rabbits, and some even as dragons.
There were people everywhere.
There were people on the street.
There were people on the yacht.
There were people praying in the mosque.
There were people talking upstairs.
There were people with injuries.
There were persecutions of Christians under the Romans.
There were pictures from school events and graduations.
There were pictures on the wall.
There were pictures on the walls.
There were pigs in the forest.
There were piles of books in the attic.
There were piranhas in the river.
There were places en route where the snow was knee-deep.
There were plenty of choices.
There were plenty of fish in the water.
There were plenty of guests in the hall.
There were plenty of other people there.
There were plenty of role models all around us.
There were plenty of stars in the sky.
There were points in her testimony that didn't add up.
There were points in her testimony that didn’t add up.
There were police everywhere.
There were policemen everywhere.
There were posters of Daniel's films.
There were posters of Yuri all over the school.
There were posters on the walls.
There were potatoes, sausage, and cheese.
There were power outages all around the neighborhood because of the weather.
There were presents under the Christmas tree.
There were presents under the tree.
There were pride, valour, and strength in his thick brows, his sensitive nostrils, and his large hazel eyes.
There were problems.
There were prostitutes on every corner.
There were protesters outside the Renaissance festival, protesting their use of elephants.
There were protests against the expropriation.
There were protests.
There were puns in the holy writings, and they got lost in translation.
There were questions.
There were quite a few children in the park.
There were quite a few interesting things to see.
There were quite a few journalists there, too.
There were quite a few passengers on board the ship.
There were quite a few passengers on board.
There were quite a few people in the hall.
There were quite a few rotten apples in the basket.
There were quite a few students absent from class today.
There were random piles of books.
There were razorbill footprints in the sand.
There were repeated uprisings against the Ottomans in Algeria.
There were reports of men in black suits investigating the matter.
There were reports of overpriced potatoes in Idaho.
There were reports of overpriced rice in Wisconsin.
There were reports of sheep and sheepdogs being killed.
There were riots.
There were risks.
There were rocks everywhere.
There were rows of trees on either side of the road.
There were rules about what Felix could do when he was home alone and he always followed them.
There were rumors about a misfortune.
There were rumors about us, but they weren't true.
There were rumors of Skura being pregnant by Yanni.
There were rumours that Brinvilliers had poisoned poor people during her visits to hospitals.
There were screams and groans.
There were scribbles all along the wall.
There were serious accusations against the president of the chamber.
There were servants to take care of Ziri.
There were seven cases of unsold wine in the cellar.
There were seven kings of the Romans, of whom Tarquinius Superbus was the last.
There were several accidents caused by the fog.
There were several adults in the room.
There were several audio files on Ziri's USB drive.
There were several bearded men in the park.
There were several boxes of cereal in the pantry.
There were several broken chairs in the room.
There were several broken cups in the cupboard.
There were several cars parked close by.
There were several couples on the beach.
There were several deaths from drowning.
There were several documents lying on the table.
There were several empty barrels behind the shed.
There were several envelopes lying around.
There were several farmers talking to each other in front of the feed store.
There were several framed pictures on the wall.
There were several hundred people in the plaza.
There were several mattresses on the ground.
There were several nights when I cried.
There were several old men in the sauna.
There were several people hurt in the recent riots.
There were several police cars parked in front of the school.
There were several pupils in the room.
There were several reasons why we decided not to do that.
There were several reasons.
There were several rooms still vacant.
There were several scarecrows in the field.
There were several ships anchored about a mile from the shore.
There were several stars to be seen in the sky.
There were several students in the classroom.
There were several vantage points around the launching pad where spectators could get a great view.
There were several young children swimming naked in the shallow river.
There were severe shortages of food and fuel.
There were shackles around Tom's ankles.
There were shepherds keeping watch over their flock.
There were sightings of strange things going on in the national park.
There were similarities.
There were singing and dancing in the back of the pickup truck.
There were six "dame" points: they didn't belong to either of the two players, as neither White nor Black had managed to conquer them.
There were six candidates for queen.
There were six children in the Evans family.
There were six girls standing at the bus stop, some of whom were smoking.
There were six people at the concert last week.
There were six sheep in the field.
There were sixty people standing in line.
There were skid marks in the parking lot.
There were skirmishes between China and India.
There were so few proper members in the badminton club that it was half-way between dead and 'on break'.
There were so few proper members in the badminton club that it was half-way between dead and ’on break’.
There were so many bodies ripped apart by bombs around me.
There were so many fires burning at the same time.
There were so many mad sultans in the Ottoman Empire.
There were so many opportunities for this tragedy to be avoided, but in the end, all the holes in the Swiss cheese lined up.
There were so many people at the concert.
There were so many people at the funeral home today.
There were so many people at the party.
There were so many people in the room that I could barely move.
There were so many people.
There were so many rules and it strangled the creativity out of the task.
There were so many shops!
There were so many things I wanted to ask Tom.
There were so many things that reminded Tom of Mary.
There were so many things to do.
There were so many voices.
There were soggy cigarette butts in the can.
There were soldiers on these ships.
There were some Muslims there.
There were some beautiful women at the club last night.
There were some boats on the lake.
There were some boys playing near the river.
There were some burned-out structures along the road.
There were some children playing in the stream.
There were some children playing tag on the playground.
There were some children swimming in the pool.
There were some dusty handprints on Felix's truck.
There were some expected answers.
There were some flowers there.
There were some girls everywhere, laughing, being wanton, playing: of their own accord they asked us if we had any dirty laundry, they washed and returned them.
There were some graphic novels mixed into the pile of specialty books on the desk.
There were some green beans on the plate.
There were some growing pains.
There were some guests waiting in the drawing room.
There were some half-dozen people in the room who had been there when he arrived, and a number of others had come and gone in the interim.
There were some ink spots on the book jacket.
There were some ink stains on the cover of that book.
There were some kids playing in the park.
There were some managers who complained about him becoming the president of the company.
There were some men eating their lunches under the trees in front of the library.
There were some muddy footprints on the floor.
There were some new students in class today.
There were some openly gay guys at high school.
There were some other people on the train.
There were some parts of him I liked.
There were some people at our house yesterday.
There were some people sitting about on the grass.
There were some pieces of wood around.
There were some pipe issues in the bathroom.
There were some presents under the tree.
There were some problems with continuity from the old administration to the new.
There were some promising articles on this topic that I should have liked to read, but unfortunately they were all behind a paywall.
There were some roses in a vase on the table.
There were some strange-looking people snooping around.
There were some students in the classroom.
There were some students stretched out under the trees.
There were some things thrown on the floor.
There were some three thousand people who took part in the strike last week.
There were some unexpected answers.
There were some unexpected questions.
There were some unsavory rumors about Tom.
There were some unsavory rumors about him.
There were some weird people coming into town.
There were some who didn't see the joke.
There were some who didn’t see the joke.
There were some who were satisfied.
There were stacks of books all over the floor.
There were stains on the living room carpet.
There were still a few rooms available.
There were still houses on that road.
There were still no visual signs of spring.
There were still numerous problems to be solved.
There were still some people coming in.
There were still three left.
There were storms in that region of the country.
There were strange guys at the bank this morning.
There were strange things happening there.
There were struggles.
There were subtle differences.
There were survivors.
There were swarms of rats in the dump.
There were teachers yelling.
There were tears in Yuri's eyes.
There were tears in his eyes, and the expression on his face made it plain to the waiter that something was very wrong.
There were technical difficulties with the video call.
There were teenagers in the park showing off on their skateboards.
There were ten accidents in as many days.
There were ten eggs in all.
There were ten of us.
There were ten police officers on the spot.
There were ten policemen at the scene.
There were tensions in Sami and Layla's marriage.
There were the two of them - the brother and the sister.
There were things I couldn't tell you.
There were thirteen people on the bus.
There were thirty children among the passengers.
There were thirty passengers on board.
There were thirty passengers on the bus.
There were thirty people in the room, including me.
There were thirty people on the bus including the driver.
There were thirty people on the bus.
There were thirty people present at the meeting.
There were thousands of people there.
There were three 9-point territories: one, in the center of the board, surrounded by 12 white stones; another, on the right side, surrounded by 9 black stones; and another, in the upper left corner, surrounded by 6 black stones.
There were three Canadians at the party last night.
There were three armored vehicles in front of the bank.
There were three attackers.
There were three beautiful sisters, fair and delicate. The dress of one was red, of the second blue, and of the third pure white. Hand in hand they danced in the bright moonlight, by the calm lake.
There were three boys in the room.
There were three buttons on the lower back of the robot.
There were three cars parked in front of the post office.
There were three chaperones at the school dance.
There were three coffee mugs on the table.
There were three cups and saucers on the table.
There were three deaths in the car crash.
There were three empty beer cans on the dining room table in front of Tom.
There were three empty wine bottles on the table.
There were three getaway cars.
There were three guys behind me.
There were three guys waiting for me.
There were three half-eaten sandwiches on the table.
There were three hundred cardboard boxes filled with old clothes ready to be sent to the disaster area.
There were three left.
There were three lethal victims and several injured.
There were three letters.
There were three men in the room.
There were three men there.
There were three men.
There were three of them and all three were armed.
There were three of them.
There were three of us in the car.
There were three of us there.
There were three of us.
There were three patients in the waiting room.
There were three people in the van.
There were three people waiting before me.
There were three people waiting in front of me.
There were three pictures on the wall.
There were three plates laid, so that Marilla must be expecting someone home with Matthew to tea.
There were three ships closing in at reckless speeds.
There were three statues in the garden.
There were three survivors.
There were three sweets in the morning, now there is one.
There were three uniformed police officers at the crime scene.
There were three white guys sitting at the counter.
There were three women standing at the bar.
There were times I wished I were somewhere else.
There were times I would have been lost without Tom.
There were times I would've been lost without Tom.
There were times that I wished I were somewhere else.
There were times when I asked myself why I kept going.
There were times when I just didn't want to live anymore.
There were times when I liked Tom.
There were times when I thought the sands would overtake and swallow me.
There were times when I wished I were somewhere else.
There were times when Tom wished he hadn't married Mary.
There were times when Tom wished he hadn’t married Mary.
There were times when Tom wished that he hadn't married Mary.
There were times, at falling night, when he looked up with curiosity to the stars.
There were titles intercut with the action, abstract designs, special effects and psychedelia.
There were tons of empty seats where Matthew could have sat, but he chose to sit right next to Linda.
There were tons of people at the park.
There were tons of trash everywhere.
There were too many children in the pool.
There were too many footprints on the ground.
There were too many inconsistencies in Tom's project.
There were too many of them.
There were too many people at the beach.
There were too many people at the concert last Saturday.
There were too many people at the concert.
There were too many people for me.
There were too many people on the beach.
There were too many people there.
There were too many people.
There were too many sights to see in a day or two.
There were toward a thousand people.
There were towels laid out ready for use along with soap and shampoo.
There were toys scattered all over the floor.
There were traces of blood inside Dan's car.
There were trees as far as I could see.
There were trees everywhere.
There were trees on three sides.
There were tropical fish of all colors swimming around Ziri.
There were twelve of us in all at our class reunion.
There were twenty or so people there.
There were twenty people in each group.
There were twenty people to a group.
There were twice as many university applicants in 1992 as in 1982.
There were two Spanish firemen, called José and Josbí.
There were two Starbucks there.
There were two abstentions.
There were two bridges.
There were two cakes.
There were two cakes. I ate one and then I ate the other.
There were two careless mistakes on his paper.
There were two cases of murder per month.
There were two children playing on the street.
There were two couches down there.
There were two couples there. A young couple and an old one.
There were two famous artists at the hotel.
There were two glasses under the mirror.
There were two guys beating each other violently.
There were two guys dealing drugs in plain sight.
There were two hundred people in the room.
There were two left.
There were two lines of soldiers.
There were two marriages here yesterday.
There were two men that loved her, and one that she loved.
There were two men that loved her.
There were two men walking silently on the sidewalk.
There were two more soldiers at the door of the state-room, and their muskets seemed not to be loaded, for they never fired upon us, and they were shot while trying to fix their bayonets.
There were two murders this month.
There were two of them.
There were two pairs of shoes on the floor.
There were two pearls of dew in the recently cut rose my lover gave me.
There were two people in it, one of her girl students and a young man.
There were two pieces of cake.
There were two pies.
There were two red hats on this table two hours ago.
There were two roads in the forest for me to choose between, and I chose the one least trodden, and I made all my choices at that very moment.
There were two small cakes.
There were two votes in favor of the measure, two against, and one abstention.
There were two women on board.
There were two women onboard.
There were unanswered questions.
There were various articles in the room.
There were various delicacies.
There were various kinds of sweets.
There were various objects in the room.
There were very few cars on the road.
There were very few hard facts tying Yanni to the murder.
There were very few passengers in the last bus.
There were very few passengers on the last bus.
There were very few people at the resort.
There were very few people here today.
There were very few people there.
There were way too many people in the room.
There were well over a hundred.
There were white and black children there.
There were white and yellow flowers at the side of the road.
There were white clouds sailing in the sky.
There were white lines around it, and it had a notice saying, "Reserved for Head of College."
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
There were wild cattle around.
There were wild chickens running around everywhere.
There were witnesses.
There were worse Star Wars movies that made more money.
There were, are, and will be problems with Tom.
There weren't a lot of people in the pool.
There weren't any bad teachers at my school.
There weren't any books on Tom's desk.
There weren't any cars in the parking lot.
There weren't any cats there.
There weren't any cats.
There weren't any chairs in the room.
There weren't any children in the park yesterday.
There weren't any children in the park.
There weren't any children on the bus.
There weren't any customers so we closed shop early.
There weren't any flowers or trees on the streets of his town.
There weren't any footprints in the area.
There weren't any houses in that area.
There weren't any kids in the park.
There weren't any more empty seats.
There weren't any more stops.
There weren't any other boats around us.
There weren't any other elephants around.
There weren't any other elephants nearby.
There weren't any passengers on the bus at the time of the crash.
There weren't any pencils in the drawer.
There weren't any people ahead of us.
There weren't any people on the beach.
There weren't any people on the pier.
There weren't any roses in the garden.
There weren't any seats left.
There weren't any signs of life.
There weren't any survivors.
There weren't any taxis, so we walked home.
There weren't any trains, so we had to walk the whole time.
There weren't any window seats left.
There weren't any witnesses.
There weren't even villages in those areas. Just houses.
There weren't many Algerians there.
There weren't many adults in the room.
There weren't many boys at the picnic.
There weren't many buyers.
There weren't many cars on the road.
There weren't many customers in the bar.
There weren't many customers in the restaurant.
There weren't many doctors back then.
There weren't many houses around us.
There weren't many of us.
There weren't many passengers on the bus.
There weren't many people at Tom's concert.
There weren't many people at the party.
There weren't many people here today.
There weren't many people in the museum.
There weren't many people in the pool.
There weren't many people in the room.
There weren't many people on the street that day.
There weren't many people that day.
There weren't many people there.
There weren't many places to hide in this room.
There weren't many spectators at the game because of the rain.
There weren't many visitors spending their vacations on the island in April.
There weren't that many cars on the road.
There weren't very many people at the lecture.
There weren't very many people here today.
There weren't very many people there.
There weren’t any children in the park yesterday.
There weren’t any flowers or trees on the streets of his town.
There weren’t any roses in the garden.
There will I give thee my love.
There will always be a sense of destiny ruling over your life path.
There will always be consequences for our actions.
There will always be hypocrites everywhere.
There will always be issues in life.
There will always be people like me.
There will always be sentences that need to be translated.
There will always be some kind of problem.
There will always be these kind of problems.
There will always be things I will never learn, I don't have eternity before me!
There will always be things I will never learn, I don’t have eternity before me!
There will always be things we'll never understand.
There will always be this kind of problem.
There will always be trolls who only want to ruin the fun for everyone else.
There will be a Force 3 wind tomorrow.
There will be a Japanese tea room, an art gallery, a "flea" market — or a market that sells secondhand goods outdoors — and fun entertainment like taiko drumming, cosplay actors, samurai sword masters, J-rock bands, stand-up comics and dance parties, according to Time Out.
There will be a Q&A session following the debate.
There will be a Q&A session following the lecture.
There will be a big disclosure.
There will be a big earthquake in the future.
There will be a blizzard.
There will be a cake.
There will be a cash bar.
There will be a change for the better in the weather.
There will be a chemical reaction between the baking soda and the white vinegar.
There will be a competition at the ski resort soon.
There will be a concert in the park.
There will be a concert next Sunday.
There will be a corresponding increase in salary to compensate for the increase in the cost of living.
There will be a dance Friday night at the high school.
There will be a fitness bikini competition in the city.
There will be a formal dance at the casino.
There will be a frost tonight.
There will be a full moon tomorrow.
There will be a full moon tonight.
There will be a giant crop of corn this year.
There will be a lot of alcohol at the party.
There will be a lot of birthday cards sent soon.
There will be a lot of infighting and caterwauling in this place in order to try to move in that direction.
There will be a lot of snow in the area.
There will be a lunar eclipse tomorrow.
There will be a math test tomorrow.
There will be a party at Tom's on Monday.
There will be a party at Tom's place tonight.
There will be a public forum tomorrow night.
There will be a rehearsal again tonight.
There will be a reward for the person who finds my dog.
There will be a safety lesson at the kindergarten.
There will be a surplus of personnel.
There will be a tennis match tomorrow.
There will be a total solar eclipse tomorrow.
There will be a vote on Sunday.
There will be additional students to my class sooner or later.
There will be an answer.
There will be an art historian coming tomorrow to look at the painting.
There will be an award ceremony.
There will be an economic crisis at the end of this year.
There will be an economic recovery in Algeria.
There will be an energy crisis in the near future.
There will be an extra charge.
There will be an in-person meeting of the marketing subcommittee on Tuesday afternoon of Jan 27, 1999 at the San Francisco CA Airport Marriott.
There will be an investigation.
There will be an uprising against injustice.
There will be an upswing in the uranium market.
There will be another opportunity.
There will be another showing of this movie in two hours.
There will be blood, Ziri.
There will be blood.
There will be bright spells.
There will be card-playing tonight.
There will be challenges.
There will be chaos unless we all adhere to the rules.
There will be consequences.
There will be controversy.
There will be debate.
There will be difficulties.
There will be drought everywhere.
There will be duck and various fixings; we'll be eating like kings.
There will be enough food for everyone.
There will be expectations.
There will be grave decisions to be made.
There will be guards guarding Tom.
There will be hell to pay if I don't make this deadline.
There will be hell to pay if I don’t make this deadline.
There will be improvements.
There will be inevitable consequences.
There will be little rejoicing.
There will be live music and homemade food.
There will be long lines at the Customs.
There will be many loudspeakers at the parade.
There will be many restrictions.
There will be milk and biscuits.
There will be milk and cookies.
There will be more laws. The Venus of Willendorf will destroy all fools who poison the earth in their idiocy.
There will be more surprises.
There will be more than two hundred guests.
There will be new opportunities.
There will be no Internet for you today.
There will be no Islamic revolution in Algeria.
There will be no ambiguity.
There will be no bargaining on this issue.
There will be no big typhoon for the moment.
There will be no civil war in Algeria.
There will be no compromise.
There will be no coup d'etat in Algeria.
There will be no delay.
There will be no exceptions.
There will be no extensions.
There will be no further warnings.
There will be no holiday for this summer.
There will be no lessons from now on.
There will be no marriage.
There will be no mercy!
There will be no merger.
There will be no more economic cooperation between my country and yours.
There will be no more killing between nations, and wars will end.
There will be no more new episodes.
There will be no more problems.
There will be no more secrets between us.
There will be no more suffering.
There will be no one to claim Rima's son.
There will be no school a week from today.
There will be no school for five months.
There will be no school tomorrow.
There will be no shortage of fun.
There will be no such thing.
There will be no surprises.
There will be no wedding.
There will be nothing like that.
There will be only one victor.
There will be other chances to do this later.
There will be other chances.
There will be other conservation efforts, including combating coral-eating crown-of-thorns starfish and illegal fishing.
There will be other deals.
There will be other missions to Venus, but there will never be another first mission to Venus.
There will be other opportunities.
There will be other problems in the future.
There will be other times that we'll have to do this.
There will be other times.
There will be outbreaks of rain overnight.
There will be permanent peace on Earth when everyone is dead.
There will be permanent peace on Earth.
There will be plenty of food.
There will be plenty of people there to help us.
There will be plenty of time to do that later.
There will be plenty of time to talk.
There will be plenty of water in the summer.
There will be problems.
There will be protests on the streets.
There will be repercussions, all right. You can count on that.
There will be sanctions against the officer.
There will be serious consequences.
There will be setbacks and false starts.
There will be setbacks and false starts. There are many who won't agree with every decision or policy I make as president. And we know the government can't solve every problem.
There will be setbacks and false starts. There are many who won’t agree with every decision or policy I make as president. And we know the government can’t solve every problem.
There will be situations where no textbook answer will be available to guide you.
There will be six of us, if you count my wife.
There will be snow tomorrow.
There will be so many things to do.
There will be some VIPs at the concert.
There will be some adapting.
There will be some surprises.
There will be sunshine next week.
There will be the deuce to pay.
There will be thousands of vacancies opening up in fields, polytunnels, glasshouses and packhouses across the country in the coming weeks, and we need people to help deliver healthy, affordable British fruit and veg from field to plate.
There will be three of us: you, me, and Anne.
There will be three.
There will be times when everyone makes mistakes.
There will be tough competition.
There will be traffic jams.
There will be twenty people there at most.
There will be two of us.
There will be two workers for every retiree in the next 20 years.
There will be ugly consequences.
There will certainly be doubts about your proposal.
There will come a day when you regret it.
There will come a time when she begs me to forgive her.
There will definitely be a decision today.
There will definitely be a good-hearted person to take you away.
There will he find an Egmont and an Orange, the brave warriors of Emperor Charles, as wise in council as they are formidable in the field.
There will likely be snow this evening.
There will never be a uniform and universally accepted standard for determining the boundaries of languages and dialects.
There will not be classes tomorrow!
There will probably be a lot of chances for you to do that.
There will probably be a test today.
There will probably be no driving license for him.
There will soon be a Kabyle embassy in Morocco, then another in Israel.
There will soon be a cure for everything.
There will still be some work to do.
There won't be a better one.
There won't be a choice.
There won't be a concerted effort to make whatever solution work as cleanly as possible; they are just going to smack straight into a serious crisis that threatens everyone.
There won't be a merger.
There won't be a next time.
There won't be a second date.
There won't be a violent revolution in Algeria.
There won't be a wedding.
There won't be a world war over Ukraine.
