The recent days have demanded everything from all of us.
The recent discovery of the remains of 215 Indigenous students in a mass grave at the Kamloops Indian Residential School in Canada has refocused attention on the fate of students like White and thousands of other Native American children who were seized from families and sent to remote boarding schools, never to be heard from again.
The recent earthquake devastated the country.
The recent events at the Al-Aqsa Mosque barely featured in political debates.
The recent events at the Al-Aqsa Mosque barely made headlines.
The recent events have affected him deeply.
The recent events have brought Palestine into focus.
The recent flurry of social and economic reform coming out of the country has left some citizens ecstatic, others more circumspect, and a few conservatives bewildered or even angry.
The recent frequency of earthquakes makes us nervous.
The recent increase in global average temperature is so abrupt compared to the rest of the time period that when the scientists make a graph of the data, the end of the line is nearly vertical.
The recent news about the Fukushima I nuclear power plant will likely strengthen the cause of the advocates who want to let our local nuclear power plant's license expire.
The recent news about the Fukushima I nuclear power plant will likely strengthen the cause of the advocates who want to let our local nuclear power plant’s license expire.
The recent outbreak of monkeypox in the American mid-west, and its connection to prairie dogs that were kept as pets, has focused attention on so-called "exotic pet ownership." Here in America, it's not at all unusual for people to keep domesticated animals like dogs, or cats, or horses as pets. But prairie dogs are wild animals, and because of that, some people believe they shouldn't be owned. But as VOA's Maura Farrelly found out, dogs aren't the only wild animals being brought into American homes.
The recent rainstorms have caused floods.
The recent scandals involving altar boys and religious leaders have undermined the faith people have in the Church.
The recent shortage of coffee has given rise to a lot of problems.
The recent sudden death of Sir Charles Baskerville has cast a gloom over the county.
The recently exiled dictator is a cautionary tale against putting nerds in power.
The reception I'm getting is really bad at the moment.
The reception begins at six o'clock.
The reception desk is across from the elevators.
The reception desk is located at the front of the lobby.
The reception here sucks.
The reception in the basement is not very good.
The reception in the cellar is really bad.
The reception isn't good.
The reception isn’t good.
The reception on this portable TV is terrible.
The reception room is empty.
The reception was warm.
The reception will be held in room three.
The receptionist asked him whether he'd like to pay by card or cash.
The receptionist asked if he wanted to pay by card or cash.
The receptionist at the hotel was surly and not at all friendly.
The receptionist changed her tune.
The receptionist forced me to sign my name on the paper.
The receptionist gave the smiling little boy a pink lollipop.
The receptionist ignored Damiano.
The receptionist said to come right in.
The recession also brought high inflation.
The recession caused many businesses to close.
The recession didn't affect me.
The recession has put the crunch on wage laborers.
The recession is coming to an end.
The recession is over.
The recession won't last forever.
The recipe called for a lot of cheese, which made Matthew very happy.
The recipe called for a whole nutmeg.
The recipe called for garlic cloves, but Matthew substituted with garlic powder.
The recipe calls for a pinch of paprika.
The recipe calls for basmati rice.
The recipe calls for boiled eggs.
The recipe calls for four ripe tomatoes.
The recipe calls for parsley, basil, coriander, the whole shebang.
The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: Be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge.
The recipe is easy.
The recipe mentions nutmeg, but it's optional.
The recipe only called for one tablespoonful of sugar.
The recipe says that we should sauté the vegetables first.
The recipe says you have to filter the water first.
The recipe serves six people.
The recipient is the one to whom the event reaches.
The recipient is unknown.
The reciprocal of one-half is two.
The reciprocal rights and duties that must exist between humans and robots were outlined in the World Declaration on Robots' Rights, drafted and approved in 2004, in Fukuoka, Japan.
The reckless girl climbed the tree regardless of danger.
The reckless men froze to death during their expedition to the Antarctic.
The recoil of the ponderous harquebus was too much for poor Winslow's shoulder.
The recoil reduces the weapon's accuracy.
The recollection of Lucy Ashton's beautiful features, rendered yet more interesting by the circumstances in which their meeting had taken place, made an impression upon his mind at once soothing and painful.
The recommendation from my boss made all the difference.
The recommended tyre pressure of the average car is around 32 psi.
The reconciliation report was issued in violation of the legislative requirements.
The reconstructed aircraft is used to train accident investigators.
The reconstruction with a translation can be limited.
The record concert is free of charge and is open to everyone.
The record flood came as a tragedy for Dresden, which was reduced to rubble at the end of World War II and only began reconstructing historic buildings a decade ago after German reunification.
The record has yet to be verified by the World Meteorological Organization.
The record is finished. Turn it over to the other side.
The record is finished. Turn it over.
The record keeps skipping.
The record label wanted to turn Mary into a pop princess, but she didn't let them.
The record scratched and he froze, realizing it was Monday October 20th.
The record stands at 254,321 points.
The record was sent to the ministry.
The recorded history of art in Bangladesh can be traced to the 3rd century BCE.
The recorded sounds of chanting Tibetan monks many worlds away might seem out of place in a psychiatrist’s waiting room, but this is also the headquarters of the Institute for Contemplative Science.
The recording engineer sighed as he said, "Would you like to try that again?"
The records of our company show a large profit for the year.
The records of our discussions are kept by the secretary.
The records will include birth, marriage, death and immigration certificates once not obtainable on the Internet.
The recovery has been lethargic.
The recovery of Japan's economy, which has been in a recession for some time, is finally under way.
The recovery of Japan’s economy, which has been in a recession for some time, is finally under way.
The recovery of the global economy still isn't in sight.
The recovery of the humpback has helped the rapid growth of Australia’s whale-watching industry.
The recreation area remains open to the public.
The recreational chemistry classes that Mary gave were very popular.
The recrudescence of his old complaint was disheartening.
The recruitment team looked for promising employees.
The recruits arrived.
The rectangle and the rhombus are parallelograms.
The rectum begins at the rectosigmoid junction and ends at the anus.
The red and white flag fluttered in the wind.
The red apple is bigger than the yellow one.
The red balloon will pop.
The red belt goes well with her black dress.
The red belt makes her black dress look even better.
The red belt sets off her black dress.
The red bicycle is Tom's.
The red box contains a green cube.
The red carriages are for cows and the green carriages are for pigs.
The red chair was set apart. It was special.
The red chick has run away.
The red circle on the calendar marking the deadline causes me to fall into anxiety.
The red dress became her.
The red dress looked good on her.
The red dress looks good on her.
The red dress made her stand out.
The red dress suited her.
The red dress suits her.
The red fish is swimming in the ocean.
The red fish is swimming lazily in the lake.
The red flag indicated the presence of danger.
The red flower is pretty.
The red flowers will bloom in January.
The red fox is dangerous.
The red frogs jumped into the lotus-filled pond of the beautiful green park.
The red geranium is very beautiful.
The red hat blends well with your dress.
The red hat goes well with her dress.
The red hat goes well with your dress.
The red hen has brooded.
The red house is new.
The red house is the house that Jack built.
The red house is the one that Jack built.
The red is meant to symbolize hardiness and valor, the white purity and innocence, and the blue represents vigilance, perseverance and justice.
The red kills the whole pattern.
The red king crab is a large crustacean.
The red lamp lights up in case of danger.
The red light above the door was on.
The red light came on.
The red light has gone off.
The red lines on the map represent a railway.
The red lines on the map represent railway lines.
The red lines on the map represent railways.
The red lip of my beloved is like a ripe strawberry.
The red lollipop is heart shaped.
The red one is better.
The red onion is a minor deity.
The red phone box looked misplaced in the Dutch city.
The red poppies are like tiny flames in the countryside.
The red rose hips blazed like fiery tongues.
The red rose made a nice contrast to her white dress.
The red sash perfectly accessorizes her black dress.
The red shoes clash with this green shirt.
The red skirt is new.
The red sun is in the sky.
The red sunset is very beautiful.
The red sweater is more expensive than the blue one.
The red traffic light indicates "stop".
The red transparent plastic glass just fell onto the floor.
The red umbrella reminded her about her grandmother.
The red umbrella reminded her of her grandma.
The red wagons are for cows and the green ones for pigs.
The red wine costs thirty coins.
The red wine pairs well with the meat.
The red, itchy rash on Mary's skin was a telltale sign that she had chicken pox.
The red-eared slider may wander far from water, and rapidly colonize any newly available habitat.
The red-eared slider turtles bask in the sun at the University of California Los Angeles Mildred E. Mathias Botanical Garden.
The red-eyed knight is an optional enemy, but I recommend killing him to get his sword.
The redbreast robin is named so due to the red feathers covering its throat and face.
The reddish appearance of Mars is believed to be caused by an iron-rich soil.
The reddish-orange berries of the rowan can be used to make jam.
The redesigned banknote went into circulation on Thursday, but may take some time to show up everywhere.
The reduced price of luxury goods is just window dressing to make the new consumption tax look better.
The reduction in obstetricians and gynecologists is a reflection of the decrease in births, thus reducing need for medical care.
The reduction of subsidies to the Cultural Heritage sector requires the adoption of a new paradigm.
The reed bends in the wind.
The reef is arguably Australia's greatest natural treasure. It stretches more than 2,300 kilometers down north-eastern Australia, and faces many threats, including climate change and pollution.
The ref is going to end the game in two minutes.
The refectory does reasonably priced food.
The referee awarded Gustavo a penalty kick.
The referee awarded a corner kick.
The referee awarded a penalty.
The referee blew for a foul inside the area. It's a penalty.
The referee blew for a foul.
The referee blew for a penalty.
The referee blew his whistle to end the match.
The referee blew his whistle twice to tell everyone it was full-time.
The referee blew his whistle.
The referee blew the whistle and called a hand ball on him.
The referee blows his whistle for halftime.
The referee blows the final whistle.
The referee called a foul inside the area. It's a penalty.
The referee called a foul.
The referee called a penalty.
The referee called for a corner kick.
The referee didn't see it.
The referee disallowed a clear goal.
The referee disallowed a goal for offside.
The referee gave a foul.
The referee gave a penalty.
The referee had to adjudicate the disputed play.
The referee has awarded a corner kick.
The referee has awarded a penalty.
The referee has blown for a penalty.
The referee has called a penalty!
The referee has given a corner kick.
The referee has given a penalty.
The referee immediately produced the red card.
The referee immediately pulled out the red card.
The referee in that match was not just incompetent, he was biased.
The referee is blowing the final whistle.
The referee is calling for a corner kick.
The referee is not good.
The referee is showing a card to him.
The referee is showing him a card.
The referee kicked Tom out of the game.
The referee kicked the player out of the game.
The referee made a bad call.
The referee made a bad decision.
The referee made himself equally unpopular with both sets of fans.
The referee made himself equally unpopular with the fans of both teams.
The referee made plenty of bad decisions in the match.
The referee made the right decision.
The referee must be fair to both teams.
The referee must uphold the rules of the game.
The referee placed the ball on the spot.
The referee sent Tom off for unsportsmanlike behaviour.
The referee sent the player off.
The referee showed him the yellow card.
The referee showed the red card.
The referee stopped the fight.
The referee stopped the game.
The referee suspended the game.
The referee today is very one-sided.
The referee was making himself equally unpopular with both sets of fans.
The referee was making himself just as unpopular with both sets of fans.
The referee whistled for a foul inside the box. It's a penalty.
The referee's decisions marked the match.
The referee, according to principle of advantage, raised his hand and motioned for the advance to continue.
The referendum is non-binding, but the result will have to be validated by a general election later this year, and the island nation's two major political parties have staked out starkly contrasting positions.
The referendum was held in January 2011 and indicated overwhelming support for independence.
The refined geometric patterns in Japanese and Korean food reflect great mathematical thinking.
The reflection on the ice was distorted.
The reform of both entrance examination system and curriculum makes slow progress.
The reform of the Chinese healthcare system is an acknowledgement of its failure.
The reform was repealed by the Parliament.
The reformed Labour Standards Act will be in force from Jan 1st 2004.
The reformer for whom the world is not good enough finds himself shoulder to shoulder with him that is not good enough for the world.
The reformers were subject to every attack from the Establishment.
The reforms were overdue.
The refractive index of a material is the ratio between the speed of light in a vacuum and its speed in the medium of said material.
The refrigerator doesn't work.
The refrigerator door is open.
The refrigerator door was open.
The refrigerator is closed.
The refrigerator is dirty.
The refrigerator is full of food.
The refrigerator is open.
The refrigerator preserves food from decay.
The refrigerator prevents food from going bad.
The refrigerator stopped working.
The refrigerator was completely empty.
The refrigerator was empty.
The refrigerator was plugged in.
The refrigerators of the cooler were so loud.
The refs were horrible.
The refugee camp is overrun.
The refugee camp was ravaged by a fire.
The refugee camps are overcrowded.
The refugee crisis could shake up the political landscape in Germany.
The refugee crossed the line safely.
The refugees appear cadaverous.
The refugees are facing starvation.
The refugees are stuck in legal limbo.
The refugees are well set up with food.
The refugees barely escaped death.
The refugees endured the 18-hour walk across the desert.
The refugees felt safe in their new country.
The refugees have received support from various religious organizations.
The refugees in that camp have been living from hand to mouth for a month.
The refugees paint a bleak picture of mounting violence and lawlessness as civilians scramble to overcome shortages of food, water and fuel.
The refugees received support from various religious organizations.
The refugees struggled against hunger.
The refugees suffered physically and emotionally.
The refugees took shelter in a Red Cross refugee camp.
The refugees were excluded from the country.
The refugees were having trouble finding enough to eat.
The refugees were living in a narrow, squalid backstreet.
The refugees were provided food and blankets.
The refugees were provided with food and blankets.
The refugees' fate stirred up compassion around the world.
The refugees' stories are heartbreaking.
The refuse collectors put the rubbish into the bin lorry.
The refuse collectors put the rubbish into the dustcart.
The regime has fallen.
The regime in China is a rigid one.
The regime in China is inflexible.
The regime under which the Palestinians of the occupied territories are living looks like apartheid.
The regime was eventually ousted from power.
The regime was overthrown by rebel militias.
The region boasts the most beautiful ladies of the country.
The region boasts the most beautiful women in the country.
The region called Azad Kashmir in Pakistan is called Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir in India.
The region changed with time.
The region has a lot of rivers.
The region has many rivers.
The region has never been inhabited by people.
The region has the largest population density in the country.
The region has the smallest population density in the country.
The region is disturbed.
The region is enormous, but sparsely populated.
The region is known for its unique geological formations and ancient bedrock.
The region is large, but mostly uninhabited.
The region is large, but sparsely populated.
The region is linguistically diverse.
The region is linguistically homogeneous.
The region is populated mostly by Berber speakers.
The region is relatively rich in mineral resources.
The region is small, but has a large population.
The region is the smallest in the country by area, but the largest by population.
The region provides about ten percent of the world's catch, but growing demand means fish stocks are more quickly depleted.
The region still bears the scars of Hurricane Katrina in 2005, the 2010 BP oil spill and Baton Rouge's catastrophic flooding in 2016.
The region was a sparsely populated steppe.
The region was relatively isolated from major urban centers.
The regional council is dominated by the left wing.
The regional organization played a key role in mediating the Ethiopia-Eritrea diplomatic crisis.
The regions with the fewest natural resources rely on importation to increase their standard of living.
The register is closed.
The register was empty.
The registered dietitian says she's noticed that her clients now want to do more than just shed a few pounds.
The registration deadline is October 20th.
The registration deadline is coming up.
The registration deadline is noon Monday.
The registration deadline is tomorrow.
The registration for the book presentation will be on July 11, 2024.
The registration period is already over.
The regret in his voice was palpable.
The regret rate for gender-affirming care is very low, probably because the only advantage to transitioning is that it gets rid of gender dysphoria.
The regrets that we will have as we lay dying will not be over missed opportunities to make more money, to work longer hours, or to invest our money more strategically. We should ask ourselves now: "Have I loved well?" "Is there joy in my heart?" "How can I let go of fear and open to freedom?" "How can I better serve my fellow man?"
The regrettable thing is that he didn't even play at his highest level in the finals.
The regular life is no longer for me.
The regular upkeep of our servers is paramount to ensuring high uptime.
The regulation is piecemeal and unfocused.
The regulation was abolished, but then it was reenacted.
The regulations are quite strict.
The regulations require lifts to be serviced.
The regulations specify that lifts should be serviced.
The rehearsal is today.
The rehearsal was brief.
The rehearsal was cancelled because of adverse weather conditions.
The rehearsal was short.
The reign of Louis XIV lasted seventy-two years.
The reign of Philip II lasted forty years.
The reign of Ramses II lasted 67 years.
The reign of terror and intimidation should end in the occupied territories.
The reindeer grazed peacefully.
The reindeer race is a tradition of the indigenous Sami community whose members live in Sweden, Norway, Finland and Russia.
The rejected feel dejected.
The relation between Algeria and Morocco is complicated.
The relationship "A loves B" is not reflexive, transitive, or symmetric.
The relationship between Algeria and France has largely returned to normal.
The relationship between French settlers and the indigenous Algerians was tense.
The relationship between Islam and the West includes centuries of co-existence and cooperation, but also conflict and religious wars.
The relationship between Tom and Mary seems to me to be the most suspicious.
The relationship between Yoshiko and Tokio was far more intimate than the average student-teacher dynamic.
The relationship between epilepsy and glucose metabolism was established more than 85 years ago.
The relationship between husband and wife should be based on love.
The relationship between pollution and poverty is very clear.
The relationship between texts has value in literature.
The relationship between the US and Saudi Arabia has been beneficial for both sides.
The relationship between the mind and the heart is much like the relationship between a castle's library and its master.
The relationship between the two countries has waxed and waned over the years.
The relationship between the two is not entirely uncomplicated.
The relationship between them is at its breaking point.
The relationship between these two things is unclear to me, and I'm struggling to comprehend it.
The relationship is convenient and symbiotic.
The relationship is on the rocks and the couple seems unable to find ways to resolve their differences.
The relationship of incest and abuse that existed between Tom and Mary resumed.
The relationship of two men can still lead to public outrage.
The relationship was a disaster from day one.
The relationships among those five people are complicated.
The relationships of socialisers are often reflected in the distance between them.
The relative calm that we've experienced in the last few years is deceptive.
The relative humidity is the difference between the maximum humidity and the actual humidity expressed in percentages.
The relative is never omitted in Latin as it is in English.
The relative may be omitted in English, but never in Latin.
The relative pronoun 'that' has two states, a nominative case and objective case, but there is no possessive case.
The relative pronoun ’that’ has two states, a nominative case and objective case, but there is no possessive case.
The relatives and friends have shown up.
The relaxing sounds will carry you away.
The release should be tomorrow.
The relentless bullying Antonio endures on the website highlights the toxic culture that permeates online platforms nowadays.
The relentless storm had left the old barn completely wrecked.
The relevance of sport as a factor for integration of socially disadvantaged groups cannot be underestimated.
The relevant components should be installed.
The relics of your grandparents are in this church.
The relief is instantaneous.
The relief pitcher was no substitute for the ace.
The relief was so strong.
The religion of Islam makes no sense.
The religion of one age is the literary entertainment of the next.
The religion was in its glory in those days.
The religions in Africa are really Christianity, Islam, and the various traditional Animistic.
The religious controversy around teaching the theory of evolution is not unique to Israel.
The religious holiday of Epiphany is also celebrated in some Western Christian churches as Three Kings Day, which marks the visit of the Magi, or three wise men, to the baby Jesus, and closes out the Christmas season.
The religious man remained kneeling for hours.
The religious may like the article "A Survey of Glossolalia and Related Phenomena in Non-Christian Religions."
The religious may like the article "Glossolalia and Linguistic Alterity: The Ontology of Ineffable Speech."
The relocation of the business overseas set off a wave of protest throughout the region.
The remainder of his sentence was drowned out by the sudden noise.
The remainder of his tirade included a number of swear words.
The remainder of the evening was peaceful.
The remainder of the survivors had sufficient time to take to lifeboats.
The remaining Esperantists gathered around his pavillion.
The remaining elements of the Khmer Rouge surrendered in early 1999.
The remains of human cities dot the Earth.
The remains of the shipwreck still lie on the sand.
The remains of the walls were enough to map the original ground plan of the villa.
The remains were repatriated to Algeria.
The remark was aimed at you.
The remark was not directed to you.
The remark wasn't directed to you.
The remark you made at the party about Lisa's weight was totally uncalled for.
The remark you made at the party about Lisa’s weight was totally uncalled for.
The remarkable similarity between US and British imperialist agendas raises the question of whether London should seriously entertain the idea of becoming a US state.
The remedy I swallowed made me sick.
The remedy has come under fire lately as a possible carcinogen.
The remedy is in the poison.
The remembrance of past labour is pleasant.
The remix pulls it off better than the original.
The remixable content also inspired the Global African Storybook Project, which translates the stories into other languages with few resources for childhood learning.
The remnants of the tire fire smoldered long after the flames had been extinguished.
The remote battery is dead.
The remote control batteries died.
The remote control doesn't have batteries.
The remote control is broken.
The remote control is lying somewhere under a piece of furniture.
The remote is on the TV.
The remote was in the middle of the coffee table.
The remote's battery is dead.
The remoteness of the island, where cars don't fit on the narrow streets and donkeys are the main mode of transport, has helped maintain its 650-year-old Swahili culture and traditions.
The removal men are heaving a heavy wardrobe into the removal van.
The removal of the load-bearing beam compromised the structure of the building.
The rendezvous with the space station had to be postponed when a data formatting issue between the Cygnus and the ISS emerged and required a software patch.
The renomination could enrage anti-government protestors who demand he resign.
The renovation is going to cost a pretty penny.
The renovation of this historic building lasted five years.
The renowned Russian circus tradition combines acrobatics, daring performances, and a unique blend of humor, showcasing extraordinary talent and entertainment.
The rent can be a bit expensive, but something nearby would be best.
The rent for the apartment hasn't been paid yet.
The rent for the apartment is due tomorrow.
The rent for this apartment is high.
The rent for this apartment is very high.
The rent for this house costs $400.
The rent is about 500 euros a month.
The rent is cheap.
The rent is due tomorrow.
The rent is expensive.
The rent is far too high.
The rent is high, otherwise the room is satisfactory.
The rent is paid for six months.
The rent is really cheap, so I'm not complaining.
The rent is too bloody high.
The rent is too damn high.
The rent is very high.
The rent is very reasonable.
The rent was cheap.
The rent was increased without a reason.
The rent will go up next month.
The rental car was smaller than we expected.
The rental should be somewhat close to where I work.
The repair bill includes parts and labor.
The repair for the system malfunction lasted for an entire night.
The repair took three hours.
The repair will take a few days because we need to get a special part from our headquarters.
The repairer will come tomorrow.
The repairman is working in the corridor.
The repairman said it's not worth repairing. He suggested we get a new one.
The repairman said it's not worth repairing. He suggested we should get a new one.
The repairs cost a lot more than 15 dollars, of course, but I am grateful to them for finding a solution.
The repairs for my bicycle cost me one thousand yen.
The repairs weren't simple.
The repairs will cost at least 20 pounds.
The reparations we received after the war were abysmal.
The repeated triplets are the most prominent motif in that movement of the symphony.
The repercussions were awful.
The repercussions were swift.
The repertoire of the puppet theater is rich and interesting.
The repetitive nature of my days is tiring me.
The replacement for the demolished house was built in record time.
The reply came after three days.
The reply caused amusement on all sides.
The reply shocked Tom.
The reply will be dealt with in confidence.
The report alleges that human activity as a whole is responsible for a 60 percent decline in global wildlife between 1970 and 2014.
The report also confirmed that New Zealand's sea temperature had risen and was consistent with the global average.
The report also discusses actions by governments and other groups to repress the news media.
The report also finds that almost half the people in developing countries suffer from health problems due to unclean water and lack of waste removal systems.
The report also found Kaavan overweight and suffering from a stereotypical behavior because of his loneliness, the cause of his shaking head back and forth for hours, said Dr. Amir Khalil.
The report also found sea levels were rising faster than before.
The report also indicates the sweltering July heat shrank both Arctic and Antarctic sea ice to historic lows.
The report also measures the ecological footprint of nations; that is the accumulative pressure they put on the planet.
The report also said mining for polymetallic nodules, potato-sized lumps found in the seabed that contain metals used in battery manufacturing and high-tech industries, would cause “essentially irreversible damage” to the region, including Kiribati the Cook Islands, Nauru, Tonga, Papua New Guinea and Tuvalu.
The report can't be true.
The report cannot be true.
The report challenges the notion that the Ebola virus is mainly carried by three species of fruit bats. It found numerous potential animal carriers including rodents, primates, hoofed mammals, civets and shrews.
The report checks with the facts in every detail.
The report concedes that intensive livestock operations can pose serious ecological risks. And that's why environmental critics are calling instead for reductions in global livestock production, and urging people to consume less, not more, meat in their diets.
The report contends the current system is injurious to mental well-being and violates the human rights of patients.
The report does speak for itself.
The report estimates the number of women living with fistula in sub-Saharan Africa at two million. But Dr. France Donnay of the U.N. Population Fund says the figure is probably a "gross underestimation."
The report exaggerated the capacity of the hall.
The report finds the discontinuation of ozone-depleting substances has been good for the world climate. This is because many of these substances also are strong greenhouse gases — pollution linked to climate change. But the report shows that some substitutes are themselves strong greenhouse gases that could harm these gains.
The report found sperm whales, whale sharks, leatherback turtles and bird life could be at as much risk as commercial fish such as tuna.
The report from the National Academy of Sciences Committee on Exoplanet Science Strategy will be reviewed by Congress. Portions of it may be included in the final 2020-2030 Astronomy and Astrophysics Decadal Survey, which will fund the continuing search for exoplanets and the study of extraterrestrial life.
The report from the National Development and Reform Committee says that the advance in rural high-speed telecommunication infrastructure is the main reason for the increase in Internet users.
The report gives a sober assessment of the current state of science education in the US.
The report goes that the president left London yesterday.
The report has been recently published.
The report has been rewritten.
The report has not been confirmed yet.
The report has yet to be confirmed.
The report highlights some of the main challenges facing Algeria economically?
The report is being prepared by the committee.
The report is incorrect.
The report is not encouraging sales wise.
The report is not quite finished.
The report is not to be depended upon.
The report is of a confidential nature.
The report is only too true.
The report is short and pithy.
The report is utterly false.
The report isn't quite finished.
The report made much of that fact.
The report may be exaggerated.
The report must be based on the facts.
The report notes the highest hunger rates are in Africa.
The report of my death was an exaggeration.
The report of victory turned out to be a little premature.
The report on the meeting is ready.
The report predicts that climate change will cost the U.S. economy hundreds of billions of dollars by the end of the century if no efforts are made to curb its effects and says global warming will disproportionately hurt the poor.
The report primarily references opinion articles.
The report proved only too true.
The report proved to be false.
The report proved true as a result of their investigation.
The report released Tuesday estimated the cost of the damage caused by invasive species in Australia – mostly weeds, feral cats, rabbits and fire ants – at about $18 billion dollars each year and growing.
The report released to the public was heavily redacted.
The report revealed that many teenagers are alcoholics.
The report runs about 400 pages, excluding tables and appendices.
The report said "opacity, corruption, and weak processes keep citizens from fully benefiting from their countries' resource wealth."
The report said 90 percent of the country's seabirds and about a quarter of its marine mammals are threatened with extinction, and that 16 percent of New Zealand's fish stocks had been overfished.
The report said intimate partner violence is by far the most prevalent form of violence against women worldwide.
The report said that supporters of growing food close to the people who eat it claim that it reduces pollution compared to transporting food long distances. But the researchers found that smaller farms do not do as a good a job as larger farms in reducing use of water and other natural resources.
The report said they were not at fault.
The report says another airstrip could be ready by the end of this year.
The report says at least 107 of the objects discovered last year came closer to Earth than the distance between the planet and the Moon.
The report says science, technology, and innovation are necessities, not luxuries.
The report says that half of the world's shallow-water corals have been wiped out over the last 30 years.
The report says that in the last decade, remittances have outstripped inflows of foreign direct investment to the least developed countries (LDCs).
The report says the European transitional economies, such as Russia, are showing strong growth, as are Central and South America, Africa, the Middle East and Asia. It notes the most populous developing countries, China and India reported outstandingly high economic growth last year.
The report says the biggest gender gaps are seen in the United States and Ireland where 15 percent more girls than boys were physically inactive.
The report says urgent action is now needed to eliminate falciparum malaria from the region — otherwise the resistant strains of the parasite could further spread to other parts of Asia and Africa, potentially causing global health emergency.
The report says women lose out on social pension schemes, because their unpaid work as homemakers or volunteers is not considered.
The report shows 7.9 million Americans are out of work, a number that changed little in September. Another 5.9 million people are considered “under-employed,” because they are working part-time, but want full-time work.
The report shows worldwide filings of patent applications grew at an average annual rate of 4.7 percent in 2005, with the highest growth rates in North East Asia, particularly in South Korea and China.
The report soon became known all over the country.
The report stated that despite attending primary and secondary school for several years, students in low- and middle-income countries lacked basic reading, writing and numeric ability.
The report states that there will be a depression.
The report topic will be announced at the appropriate time.
The report turned out false.
The report turned out to be false.
The report warns that the parasite Plasmodium falciparum — which causes the most lethal form of human malaria — is becoming resistant to the first-choice drug, DHA-piperaquine, in parts of Southeast Asia, with patients seeing a failure rate of 50 percent or more.
The report was clearly biased.
The report was considered false.
The report was not confirmed.
The report was prepared in haste and had several misspellings.
The report was put together from data collected by the Center for Disease Control.
The report was sent within the same day.
The report was wanting in detail.
The report wasn't true.
The report we got turned out not to be accurate.
The report will be completed tomorrow, save for the controversial article 31.
The report will sit on his desk until he has time to take a look at it.
The report, by the Berlin-based, anti-corruption watchdog, says little has changed in recent years in the way governments enforce their anti-bribery laws.
The report, called the Internet Organized Crime Threat Assessment, cited the 2019 "GermanWiper" ransomware as an example of the harm it can bring. That ransomware replaced the files of German companies, making them unrecoverable.
The report, from the World Health Organization and UNICEF, says antenatal care increased by 20 percent among women in the developing world between 1990 and 2000. According to the report, the proportion of women who had at least one antenatal, or pre-birth, visit increased from about half in 1990 to nearly two thirds in 2000. But progress has been uneven. South Asia lags behind, for example, with just over 50 percent of women getting antenatal care.
The reporter asked a seemingly stupid question.
The reporter covered the gas explosion in Shibuya.
The reporter criticized the politician.
The reporter didn't identify his sources.
The reporter elaborated on the method of his investigation.
The reporter filed his story just before the paper went to press.
The reporter is running to the car.
The reporter learned about war at first hand.
The reporter learned about war first hand.
The reporter refused to name his sources.
The reporter rented an expensive room.
The reporter shot questions at the politician.
The reporter took down everything that was said.
The reporter was embedded with an elite military unit.
The reporter went to Barcelona to document the riots.
The reporter's luggage was filled with branded swag from the promotional event.
The reporters all started yelling out questions at the same time.
The reporters continued to ask questions.
The reporters demanded to know why the mayor wouldn't talk to them.
The reporters demanded to know why the mayor wouldn’t talk to them.
The reporters started asking Tom questions as soon as he left the courtroom.
The reporters were hunting for news.
The reporting is overwhelmingly negative.
The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.
The reports were confusing.
The report’s annexes, which contain some of the evidence on which the conclusions are based, were redacted on the grounds of national security.
The report’s authors — the International Labor Organization, the World Health Organization, the World Bank and WaterAid — say they hope to raise awareness on the plight of sanitation workers and the dehumanizing conditions under which they are forced to work. For example, the report says that many sanitation workers aren’t given the safety training or equipment needed to protect them when handling effluent or fecal sludge.
The report’s preface said, “The 2015 edition of The Global Information Technology Report is released at a time when many economies around the world are struggling to ensure that economic growth is equitable and provides benefits for their entire populations.”
The representative was absent from the annual conference.
The representatives of the elite continue to think according to the categories of the past.
The representatives who were there were grudging in their acceptance of the resolution.
The reputation of Scorpio people is simply overdone.
The reputation of all Scorpios is simply overdone and we all know which is the best star sign among them all.
The reputation of those musicians is not the best.
The request became a hot political issue in the presidential campaign.
The request for more American assistance could foment a diplomatic crisis with China.
The request has been black-holed.
The request queue was full.
The request simply amazed me.
The request sparked uproarious laughter.
The request was denied.
The request was granted.
The requests were denied.
The required amount has been deposited in the bank.
The required majority was not achieved by any of the candidates at the first ballot.
The rescue came too late.
The rescue effort involved more than 65 state park workers, fishermen and volunteers navigating icy waters and attaching the animals to slings and moving them out of the harbor and into deeper water using boats.
The rescue flight had to reckon with strong winds and freezing temperatures.
The rescue helicopter couldn't reach Ziri.
The rescue helicopter took the injured to the nearest hospital.
The rescue operation was called "Operation Tomodachi".
The rescue operation was successful.
The rescue party searched for the missing passengers.
The rescue team are on the way to get you.
The rescue team arrived quickly.
The rescue team couldn't find Tom.
The rescue team found Tom this morning.
The rescue team has found survivors.
The rescue team is looking for four people.
The rescue team located the victims.
The rescue team never found the four individuals.
The rescue team never found the four missing girls.
The rescue team rescued the injured.
The rescue team searched for Tom.
The rescue team succeeded in discovering a survivor who had been under the rubble for several days.
The rescue team was alerted.
The rescue team was called out.
The rescue teams managed to move at least 100 whales back into the ocean.
The rescue was a brave act.
The rescue worker beat the area, looking for the child.
The rescue worker searched the area, looking for the child.
The rescue worker went into the disaster zone with a helicopter to save people.
The rescue workers are going to hand out supplies to the victims of the earthquake.
The rescue workers arrived two hours too late.
The rescued refugees were longing for freedom.
The rescued survivors were repatriated to Algeria.
The rescuers even checked the nearby river.
The rescuers formed a human chain.
The rescuers found a backpack belonging to one of the women.
The rescuers gave up search for Tom.
The rescuers located Gabriel's crash site.
The rescuers pulled out the young girl from the avalanche.
The rescuers searched the surroundings in hopes of finding the child.
The rescuers tried to keep Tom alive.
The rescuers worked swiftly, passing supplies efficiently as they go hand-to-hand in their relief efforts.
The research cast new light on the issue.
The research casts new light on the issue.
The research continues at a rapid pace.
The research director had the department do a thorough job in testing the new product.
The research done by them shows that Americans are not interested in Japan.
The research firm found that 3 degrees Celsius of warming by 2100 has the potential to reduce the level of global GDP in 2100 by 21%.
The research institute was established in the late 1960s.
The research into migrating humpbacks was conducted about one kilometer off the coast of Queensland, north of the state capital, Brisbane.
The research is completed?
The research is finished?
The research is ongoing.
The research program operates under the aegis of a renowned institute.
The research shows that Borneo elephants were separated from other Asian elephants about three-hundred-thousand years ago. Some differences are easy to see. The Borneo elephants are smaller than other elephants. Their ears and tails make up a larger part of their bodies. And their tusks are straighter.
The research shows that the drug is most effective in women aged sixty and older.
The research team conducted their experiments within specially constructed, artificial and simplified ecosystems called microcosms.
The research team found that Stonehenge’s collection of stones, which are aligned with the solstices, actually sits on a series of natural landforms that form an axis between the directions of midsummer sunrise and midwinter sunset.
The research team used a nano-machining technique to break down pure silicon wafers — like those used to make computer chips — into miniscule silicon flakes 50 times thinner than a human hair.
The researcher falsified his results.
The researcher said that taking the red pill would send him to another universe.
The researcher says most of consumers of illegal liquor are from lower economic backgrounds because of the price and accessibility of bootleg alcohol.
The researcher says other factors besides age may affect the rate at which veins stiffen.
The researcher suggested promising directions for treating the cancer.
The researcher's groundbreaking discovery revolutionized the field of psychiatry.
The researcher's team chose to study 10 common species of the ciliated protist – or protozoa microorganisms – because of their ability to reproduce.
The researchers Chris Berry of Cardiff University, Wales, and John Marshall of England’s Southampton University have dated this ancient forest and found it to be about 380 million years old.
The researchers advise us all to find an exercise that we like and to make physical activity a priority in our lives.
The researchers also noted a slight increase in the size of some key areas of the brain in the aerobics exercisers.
The researchers are from the University of California at San Francisco. They say their research shows that two drugs can clear the infectious proteins from mouse brain cells. The drugs are quinacrine and chlorpromazine. Quinacrine was used in the Nineteen-Forties to treat malaria. Chlorpromazine is used to treat the mental disorder schizophrenia. Quinacrine appears to be more effective in stopping the deadly protein activity. However, chlorpromazine crosses more easily into the brain.
The researchers are quick to point out that genes are not necessarily destiny and that devoted parents can still influence their children in positive ways, even if they are only working on a small percentage of the total variation.
The researchers believe that it is not only people that share a genetic link to sea sponges, but most likely the entire animal kingdom.
The researchers believe that one day this technology could help people who have lost their vision due to illnesses like glaucoma or diabetes as well as those with low vision or who were born blind.
The researchers believe they may have found the Holy Grail of cancer research.
The researchers caution, however that communication with these alien civilizations could be difficult, as the average distance to them would be about 17,000 light-years.
The researchers determined the fossil egg was soft-shelled, unlike dinosaur eggs.
The researchers did not account for observation bias.
The researchers do not know, however, whether the structure of a person's brain determines his or her political beliefs or whether the political beliefs come first and the modified brain structures come later as a consequence of the development of these political beliefs.
The researchers failed to account for observation bias.
The researchers found no trace of what was in the egg.
The researchers found that adopting a Mediterranean diet lowered the risk of cardiovascular disease by 25%.
The researchers found that sugar increases tiredness and decreases alertness within an hour after consumption.
The researchers found that users from France are more likely to use emojis.
The researchers found that users in France were more likely to use emojis related to hearts, while users from other countries prefer emojis related to faces.
The researchers found that when jokes were paired with laughter, they were rated 15% funnier on average than when they weren't.
The researchers found that, although a large proportion of their test subjects didn’t have the traditional risk factors for atherosclerosis, they did show discrete signs, such as a greater waist circumference, and visceral fat covering the internal organs within the chest and abdomen.
The researchers have created kittens that can glow in the dark.
The researchers interviewed lychee orchard workers, their families and neighbors, as well as the families of children who had not fallen ill. They learned that children frequently ate unwashed fruit that fell to the ground, and peeled away the lychees' rough-textured red skin with their teeth.
The researchers made a dramatic discovery.
The researchers made a surprising discovery.
The researchers measured happiness via facial analysis.
The researchers named the new species Batrachopus grandis.
The researchers named the prehistoric animal Obdurodon, Greek for “lasting (obdurate) tooth,” because its teeth are unlike today’s platypus species.
The researchers read many books.
The researchers said that the sun was quite stable, and was not expected to go nova anytime soon.
The researchers say on Earth, phosphine is only made industrially or by microbes that thrive in oxygen-free environments. The international team, which includes researchers from Britain, the U.S. and Japan, published their findings in two papers — the science journal Nature on Monday, and Astrobiology journal on Saturday.
The researchers say the cells might be responsible for the chemical hypersensitivity that characterizes respiratory diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and asthma.
The researchers say this new way to recover lost images without damaging effects will help museums breathe new life into some of their oldest image collections.
The researchers suggest the behavior reflects the gull’s large brains that have allowed them to adapt to survive a life of interacting with humans.
The researchers trained monkeys to play a video game.
The researchers use the portal to enter into a different part of the universe.
The researchers were able to estimate that the polar bears' ancestors branched off from the brown bear population when they headed north and adapted to the Arctic habitat, becoming a separate species about 150,000 years ago.
The researchers wondered if they could figure out how to capture that electrical charge as it moved across the membrane separating the fresh and salty water. They did it by creating two tiny membranes, just three atoms thick, made of molybdenum disulfide, which is plentiful and easy to produce. Then they made a tiny hole in the membranes and let osmosis take over and push the electrically charged salt ions through this nanopore.
The researchers — population study experts with the American Cancer Society — say the study has found that participants who drank about four cups of coffee per day reduced their risk of oral/pharyngeal cancer by 49 percent, compared to those who drank little or no coffee per day.
The researchers, from Mahidol Oxford Tropical Medicine Research Unit in Thailand, said a global health emergency could occur if multi-drug-resistant parasites spread through India to sub-Saharan Africa.
The resemblance between Sean and Conner is striking!
The resemblance between these two men is uncanny.
The resemblance is uncanny.
The resemblance was noted by a jocular English visitor.
The resemblance was purely superficial.
The resemblance was striking.
The resentment runs deep.
The reservation desk, please.
The reservation is already made.
The reservation number is 1003.
The reservations were cancelled.
The reserve harbors rich flora and fauna, including endemic species like viviparous toads, which give birth to live offspring, not eggs.
The reserve named Białowieża Forest is famous for its bison.
The reservoir holds 2,000 liters of drinking water.
The reservoir is full of water.
The reservoir is getting fuller every day.
The reservoir levels are below the minimum.
The reservoirs are filling up.
The resident white-tail deer population reproduces only once a year—breeding in the fall and fawning the following summer.
The residents are all hostile towards newcomers.
The residents are complaining.
The residents dared not enter their homes for fear of another earthquake.
The residents expressed their dissatisfaction at the noise.
The residents fled because the house was in flames.
The residents made complaints about the noise.
The residents of Mumbai are called Mumbaikars.
The residents of Taourirt Mimoun love their country, Algeria.
The residents of the Gaza Strip drink polluted water.
The residents of the town formed a militia led by Tom.
The residents of this town are deeply religious and patriotic people.
The residents protested outside the sex shop that opened in their neighborhood recently.
The residents set fire to their own houses as the enemy approached.
The residents were curious about other people's business.
The residents were curious about other people’s business.
The resignations would have little or no effect on upcoming indications.
The resigned look on your face tells me that you've already heard the bad news.
The resilience and determination of the Indian people in the face of challenges are inspiring.
The resin cures under sunlight.
The resin did nothing to Yanni's windshield rock chip.
The resin filled up all the windshield cracks.
The resin has cured.
The resin has hardened.
The resin is all cured.
The resin is cured.
The resin is cured. It's nice and hard.
The resin is dry now.
The resin is dry.
The resin is fully cured.
The resin is getting in the windshield crack.
The resin is hard now.
The resin is hardening.
The resin is leaking out.
The resin is spreading.
The resin is still wet.
The resin is working its way into the windshield cracks.
The resin leaked out and made a mess.
The resin started to overflow.
The resin tube has a twist-on cap.
The resistance group engaged the aliens in a gun battle.
The resistance movement has gone underground.
The resistance of varistors changes with the voltage applied to them.
The resistance to theory is the resistance to the use of language about language.
The resolution made at the Millennium - to give all remaining dancing bears in the European Union the chance of a species-appropriate life in one place - has become a reality in 2007 with the transfer of the last three Bulgarian dancing bears.
The resolution on this phone isn't very good.
The resolution that a new road be built was passed.
The resolution to the problem was close at hand.
The resolution was adopted in order to fulfill the program of activities of the organization for 2015-2020.
The resolution was not approved immediately.
The resolution was passed by the United Nations Security Council.
The resort grounds were fairly large.
The resort had a private beach for guests to enjoy.
The resort had everything they needed for a perfect vacation.
The resort has a recreation area.
The resort has large swimming pools.
The resort was shut down a long time ago.
The resources accumulated before the war have been depleted.
The resources of the earth are limited.
The respect he has for animals is obvious.
The respirators required a doctor and several assistants to place a tube down a patient's windpipe.
The respiratory therapist administered breathing treatments every six hours, per the doctor's orders.
The respiratory therapist connected the patient to a ventilator to assist with their breathing.
The response has been amazing.
The response has been awesome.
The response is affirmative.
The response is no.
The response time was amazing.
The response was phenomenal.
The response was predictable.
The response was very positive.
The responsibility is mine.
The responsibility is theirs.
The responsibility is yours.
The responsibility sat heavily on her.
The responsibility was in large part mine.
The responsibility weighed heavily on her.
The responsibility weighed heavily on me.
The responsibility weighs on me.
The responsibility weighs very heavily on me.
The rest area has a couple vending machines.
The rest area has a few benches.
The rest area was relatively empty.
The rest doesn't matter.
The rest follows naturally.
The rest is easy.
The rest is for you.
The rest is gravy.
The rest is here.
The rest is history.
The rest is left to you!
The rest is left to you.
The rest is obvious.
The rest is perfect.
The rest is purely speculation.
The rest is silence.
The rest is true.
The rest is up to you.
The rest is what we have left.
The rest of Karl's Christmas was fine.
The rest of his rich dress was travel-soiled, and deranged by hard riding.
The rest of the Vikings scattered in fear.
The rest of the crew is awake.
The rest of the evening went over quite nice.
The rest of the house is empty.
The rest of the members were all out of tune.
The rest of the morning I will dedicate to shopping.
The rest of the morning is devoted to learning Berber.
The rest of the night I'll spend sleeping.
The rest of the night was pretty quiet.
The rest of the night was uneventful.
The rest of the passengers suffered burns, scrapes and other superficial injuries.
The rest of the personnel were fired without notice.
The rest of the property was nothing but forest.
The rest of the ride was silent.
The rest of the sentence after "Hello" should be italicized.
The rest of the show was not particularly distinguished.
The rest of the talk will be in Berber.
The rest of the things end up higgledy-piggledy around the room.
The rest of the vegetables are doing well but just need some sun.
The rest of the week was pretty much a blur.
The rest of the world is running much faster than Algeria.
The rest of them will come soon.
The rest of them will come very soon.
The rest of us all had the smoked salmon.
The rest of us are to stay behind.
The rest of you can go.
The rest was my fault.
The rest was paid by Tom.
The rest was sweet indeed to his exhausted and overworn frame, and he did not go far away from his fire.
The rest will be easy.
The rest will receive consolation prizes.
The restaurant allows its staff to express themselves with pins. If you don't like what you see on one of those pins, you are free to choose a different restaurant.
The restaurant billed me 250,000 yen for the party.
The restaurant can't be matched for good service.
The restaurant can’t be matched for good service.
The restaurant closed to the public.
The restaurant doesn't do lunch.
The restaurant doesn’t do lunch.
The restaurant gave us perfect service.
The restaurant goes its own way.
The restaurant has a yellow door.
The restaurant has blue tables.
The restaurant has lots of customers.
The restaurant has recently acquired a new chef.
The restaurant has recently taken on a new chef.
The restaurant has red walls.
The restaurant has reopened after a complete makeover.
The restaurant has seen better days.
The restaurant has yellow windows.
The restaurant is a pleasant out-of-the-way spot in New York.
The restaurant is across from the hotel.
The restaurant is across the street from the hotel.
The restaurant is always full.
The restaurant is always packed.
The restaurant is beautiful.
The restaurant is closed.
The restaurant is closed. Where do we go now?
The restaurant is downtown.
The restaurant is empty.
The restaurant is enchanted.
The restaurant is full.
The restaurant is fuller than usual tonight.
The restaurant is located on the concourse level.
The restaurant is located on the top floor of the building.
The restaurant is more crowded than usual tonight.
The restaurant is near the pier.
The restaurant is next door to the theater.
The restaurant is not far from here.
The restaurant is on the ground floor.
The restaurant is on the right.
The restaurant is open until 2 a.m.
The restaurant is open until two in the morning.
The restaurant is two hundred meters from my office.
The restaurant isn't open before six o'clock.
The restaurant isn't too far away.
The restaurant on Park Street will be restored next year.
The restaurant on the corniche served delicious seafood.
The restaurant owner allowed her to take table scraps home to feed all of her dogs.
The restaurant stands at the junction of two superhighways.
The restaurant stands by a "green" philosophy, making it a choice destination for eco-friendly travelers.
The restaurant that Tom chose was crowded, so we decided to go somewhere else.
The restaurant that we're going to is downtown.
The restaurant there is awful.
The restaurant tried to pad our bill with extra drinks.
The restaurant was a bummer.
The restaurant was almost empty.
The restaurant was doing significantly better by the end of the week.
The restaurant was empty.
The restaurant was fairly empty, so I could read in peace while I ate.
The restaurant was far from the station.
The restaurant was far from the train station.
The restaurant was forced to close due to the rising cost of ingredients.
The restaurant was full of pensioners taking advantage of the early-bird special.
The restaurant was pretty quiet.
The restaurant was quiet.
The restaurant was quite expensive.
The restaurant was very clean.
The restaurant was very crowded.
The restaurant was warm and cozy.
The restaurant wasn't full.
The restaurant we ate at last night was really good. You should eat there sometime.
The restaurant we ate at last night was very good.
The restaurant we found in the old town yesterday is very relaxed and not expensive at all.
The restaurant we used to go to is still in business.
The restaurant we went to was expensive, but the food wasn't very good.
The restaurant we went to wasn't as expensive as I expected it to be.
The restaurant we went to wasn't so expensive.
The restaurant we went to yesterday was expensive.
The restaurant we went to yesterday was quite good.
The restaurant we went to yesterday was very good.
The restaurant we went to yesterday was very nice.
The restaurant we're going to eat at tonight is near where I work.
The restaurant we're going to is downtown.
The restaurant we're going to is in the city centre.
The restaurant we're going to is in town.
The restaurant we're going to isn't far from here.
The restaurant we're going to isn't far from the hotel.
The restaurant where we ate last night was very good.
The restaurant where we ate lunch was very crowded.
The restaurant where we ate yesterday was bad, but this restaurant is even worse.
The restaurant where we had dinner yesterday isn't very good.
The restaurant where we had dinner yesterday isn’t very good.
The restaurant where we're going to eat dinner isn't far from here.
The restaurant will be on your right.
The restaurant will close in 15 minutes.
The restaurant will close tomorrow.
The restaurant will reopen under new management.
The restaurant you're looking for is across the courtyard on the left.
The restaurant's prices reflect the dining room's plush surroundings — polished stone floors, uncrowded, comfortable seating, a coffered ceiling, overhead chandeliers and a glass-domed atrium featuring a pond with water lilies and traditional lanterns.
The restless nights were beginning to take a toll on me.
The restoration is long overdue.
The restoration of the Old City is just one part of a plan to revitalize the arts in Afghanistan. Besides woodworkers and engineers, the Turquoise Mountain Foundation also employs calligraphers and pottery experts. Eventually their works will be sold at art exhibitions and in galleries. The organizers see the plan as a way to generate income for the artists and boost Afghan culture.
The restoration of this historic building took five years.
The restoration of this historic building went on for five years.
The restraining order prevents Tom from being in the same place as Mary.
The restraining role that the community once played is losing its force as adults become reluctant to reprimand other people's unruly children.
The restraining role that the community once played is losing its force as adults become reluctant to reprimand other people’s unruly children.
The restrictions will not go into effect until your son turns 18.
The restroom is on the left.
The restroom is on the right.
The restroom is over there.
The restrooms are downstairs.
The restrooms are here.
The restrooms are near the elevator.
The restrooms are on the left.
The restrooms are right over there.
The restrooms in this hotel are first class!
The result can be deadly.
The result confirmed my hypothesis.
The result could be considered reasonable.
The result doesn't change.
The result exceeded my expectations.
The result fell short of his expectation.
The result fell short of our expectations.
The result is a continual search for food in a changing environment.
The result is a picturesque sea of green vegetation and patches of brightly colored plants and flowers that attract pollinating insects and other wild creatures.
The result is all that matters.
The result is an absence of checks and balances and the decision of one man to launch a wholly unjustified and brutal invasion of Iraq... I mean, of Ukraine.
The result is an eye-opening documentary about the political and cultural divides that still polarize Americans today.
The result is calculated according to the general table created by the World Health Organization (WHO), and is the same for males and females, regardless of age.
The result is easily predicted.
The result is expected to be a record.
The result is good.
The result is neither good nor bad.
The result is opposite to our expectations.
The result is opposite to what we expected.
The result is still in doubt.
The result is striking.
The result is that English people usually have no problem understanding what foreigners say.
The result is tragically predictable.
The result must be submitted to us by Monday at the latest.
The result now follows from proposition 1.3.
The result of a record-breaking heat wave covering much of southeastern Europe, wildfires have sprung up across Turkey, Italy and Greece.
The result of dividing any number by zero is undefined.
The result of dividing the circumference of a circle by its diameter is equal to pi.
The result of globalization is the triumph of unique thought.
The result of his action still remains to be seen.
The result of his experiment corresponded with mine.
The result of my exams was not what I had expected.
The result of the census led the left wing to believe that their policy was wrong.
The result of the election will be announced tomorrow.
The result of the election will soon be analyzed.
The result of the examination fell short of our expectations.
The result of the experiment was a blue substance.
The result of the experiment was inconclusive.
The result of the game is doubtful.
The result of the invention of the steam engine was that human power was replaced by mechanical power.
The result of the poll will be known soon.
The result of the test brought home to me how little I had learned.
The result of the tuberculin test was negative.
The result of the tuberculin test was positive.
The result of the vote was a win for the Liberals.
The result of this experiment is obscured by the extra variables added in the formula.
The result of this experiment leads to our presumption that element T determines the entire structure.
The result placed him amongst the top one percent nationally.
The result pleases me.
The result proved disappointing.
The result remains to be seen.
The result was a disappointment.
The result was bloody awful.
The result was by no means satisfactory.
The result was chaos.
The result was clear at a glance.
The result was contrary to his expectations.
The result was contrary to our plan.
The result was disappointing.
The result was embarrassing.
The result was extremely good.
The result was far from being satisfactory to her.
The result was far from being satisfactory.
The result was just as I had hoped.
The result was modest.
The result was my internment in Villete.
The result was of little significance.
The result was quite shocking.
The result was rather disappointing.
The result was rather modest.
The result was really satisfying.
The result was some kind of centaur.
The result was somewhat disappointing.
The result was that she got ill.
The result was truly disappointing.
The result was unbelievably good.
The result was unexpected.
The result was unsatisfactory to him.
The result was very good.
The result was what I had expected.
The result was worth zero.
The result will satisfy him.
The result won't really be good.
The result won’t really be good.
The result, with breathtaking speed, has been a rebranded country that appears more inclusive of its citizens and more hospitable to outside investment.
The resulting ethnocultural divide has persisted and has led to turbulent politics.
The resulting set of images and memories is a window into what the artist calls the machine's mind, essentially its artificial intelligence.
The results are as yet unconfirmed.
The results are by no means satisfactory.
The results are currently being analyzed.
The results are full of significance.
The results are good.
The results are in.
The results are inconclusive.
The results are negative.
The results are noteworthy.
The results are now being analysed.
The results are now being analyzed.
The results are perfect.
The results are perfectly in line with the theory of general relativity.
The results are published.
The results are significant.
The results are still unconfirmed.
The results are very encouraging.
The results aren't especially surprising.
The results aren't known yet.
The results aren't out yet.
The results aren't surprising.
The results came as a surprise to many people.
The results came in.
The results can be deadly.
The results could be devastating.
The results did not fulfil his hopes.
The results didn't meet my expectations.
The results disappointed Tom.
The results don't look promising.
The results fell short of my expectations.
The results for the English exam this time were very good.
The results have been miserable.
The results he has got are, in the main, satisfactory.
The results of Higher Secondary Certificate and equivalent examinations will be published today.
The results of Tom's biopsy show that the tumor is benign.
The results of Tom's biopsy show that the tumor is cancerous.
The results of a lie detector test are inadmissible in court.
The results of a new report on toxins in the environment suggests that over 200 million people across the world are at risk of illness from industrial pollution.
The results of our opinion poll permit some interesting conclusions.
The results of the Chinese Academy of Sciences' survey are like this.
The results of the English exam were great.
The results of the ballot are a foregone conclusion.
The results of the competition will be announced in a few moments.
The results of the election will appear in the evening paper.
The results of the exam are not what I expected.
The results of the exam were not what I was expecting.
The results of the experiment have disappointed us very much.
The results of the experiment were highly satisfactory.
The results of the experiment were mixed. Some participants reacted positively, but others offered severe criticism.
The results of the experiment were not as we had hoped.
The results of the negotiations were relatively insignificant.
The results of the research were quite satisfactory.
The results of the study are indeterminate.
The results of the study were sobering, to say the least.
The results of the survey will be announced at the appropriate time.
The results of the survey will be announced in due course.
The results of the term examination were anything but satisfactory.
The results of the test were negative.
The results of this experiment, as given in Table VII, show that sweet-clover hay is practically equal to red-clover and alfalfa and greatly superior to prairie hay for roughage for steers.
The results of this new study raise the possibility that probiotic bacteria may someday be added to diet and exercise to help fight obesity.
The results of this study are intriguing.
The results of this test must be interpreted carefully.
The results seem promising.
The results should be measurable and the process repeatable.
The results speak for themselves.
The results spoke for themselves.
The results still aren't known.
The results surprised me.
The results surprised us.
The results that you get depend on the values of the parameters that you set.
The results were a disappointment.
The results were amazing.
The results were appalling.
The results were as follows.
The results were as follows: Japan 1st; Spain 2nd; Italy 3rd.
The results were astounding.
The results were bad.
The results were clear.
The results were conclusive.
The results were disappointing.
The results were discouraging.
The results were far from satisfactory.
The results were good.
The results were impressive, seeing drops in blood pressure, triglycerides and LDL-cholesterol. Liver function also appeared to improve.
The results were in the main satisfactory.
The results were inconclusive.
The results were negative.
The results were not definitive, but I'm sure the DNA's a match.
The results were not definitive, but I’m sure the DNA’s a match.
The results were nothing short of phenomenal.
The results were outstanding.
The results were quite shocking.
The results were shocking.
The results were spectacular.
The results were stunning.
The results were surprising.
The results were truly disappointing.
The results were unbelievably good.
The results were unpredictable.
The results were very bad.
The results were very good.
The results were very satisfactory.
The results weren't very good.
The results weren't what Tom had hoped for.
The results will be back in a week.
The results will not contradict the theory.
The results won't be immediately announced.
The resume shouldn't be written with a pencil or pen, but only with a computer.
The resurgence of the coronavirus in many countries is driven in part by younger people letting down their guard during the Northern Hemisphere summer.
The resurrected interest in the band brought them a second chance at success.
The resurrection of Christ!
The resuscitation attempts were successful.
The retail price index is a barometer of economic activity.
The retail sector had a rough quarter.
The retarded psychopaths run and ruin the world. Stupid cunts!
The retired couple took a pottery class at the local recreation center.
The retired judge used to visit prostitutes regularly.
The retired often feel that they are useless and unproductive.
The retro feel of this cafe is a hit with young people.
The return date for the borrowed books listed below has passed. Please return them as soon as possible.
The return journey was delayed because of roadworks.
The return of his daughter brightened his life.
The return of the Palestinian refugees wouldn't mean in any way the end of the Jewish people.
The return on the investment will be high.
The returning soldiers were commended for their bravery in battle.
The reutilization of products is very important.
The revanchist rhetoric is fueling nationalist movements.
The revelation of an extra-marital affair served as the final nail in the coffin for Abhinav's failing political career.
The revelation took everyone by surprise.
The revenge was cruel.
The revenge will be merciless.
The revenge will be pitiless.
The revenues for the first month of 2011 exceed 1 000 000 yen.
The revenues for the first month of 2011 exceed one million yen.
The revenues go to a charitable foundation.
The reverse is not always true.
The reverse is not necessarily true.
The reverse seems true.
The reverse will not always turn out to be true.
The reverse will not necessarily turn out to be true.
The review report recommended a raft of changes.
The reviewer is sharply critical of the novel.
The reviews have been quite polarizing.
The reviews of the film were overwhelmingly negative.
The reviews were mixed.
The revised and enlarged edition of Hawaiian Dictionary by Mary Kawena Pukui and Samuel H. Elbert is an excellent resource for animistic spiritual words from paradise. It fired up my imagination of traditional tropical island life.
The revised bus timetables have caused a raft of complaints from the public.
The revised edition of Introduction to Classical Nahuatl by J. Richard Andrews fired up my imagination about life in ancient chocolate-loving Mexico.
The revised regulations would also end blanket protection for a species listed as threatened.
The revised timetable will go into effect on the 5th of this month.
The revision of this dictionary took six years.
The revitalisation project faced backlash for fear that it could displace low-income families in the city.
The revival of smallpox inoculations in the United States brings back a vaccine considered the most dangerous of all.
The revolt happened day by day.
The revolt that took place 1871 in Algeria was shatteringly and cruelly defeated by the French army.
The revolt was crushed.
The revolt was led by Gunter.
The revolt was led by the southern citizenry.
The revolt was put down with little trouble.
The revolution ate its children.
The revolution brought in a new era.
The revolution came to an end.
The revolution continues!
The revolution divided many families.
The revolution has brought about many changes.
The revolution has its own laws.
The revolution heralded a new era.
The revolution is over.
The revolution kicked into overdrive.
The revolution of people was big.
The revolution that took place in Portugal on April 25, 1974, became known as the "Carnation Revolution".
The revolution ushered in a new era.
The revolution will be useless without pictures.
The revolution will not be televised.
The revolution won't be sober.
The revolution, in itself, bore no fruit after all.
The revolutionary council met to plan strategy.
The revolutionary government, while raising troops from the masses and fighting a defensive battle, established a republic and executed Louis XVI.
The reward is a job well done.
The reward is dependent on your success.
The reward is enticing.
The reward is five per cent.
The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
The reward of deeds depends upon the intentions and every person will get the reward according to what he has intended.
The rhetoric of hate is often most effective when couched in the idiom of love.
The rhinestones are iridescent.
The rhino's horn is fully grown in.
The rhinoceros is very big.
The rhomboid muscle is located in the upper back, and helps to connect the shoulder blades to the rib cage.
The rhythm is important.
The rhythm is light, and the tempo fast - that song is liked by young people.
The rhythm is unmistakably familiar.
The rhythm matters.
The rhythm of poetry changes from one writer to another.
The ribbon doesn't match the dress.
The ribbon doesn’t match the dress.
The ribs are intact.
The ribs were charred and finally we ordered pizza.
The rice crackers had a tuna topping.
The rice crop is already in.
The rice crop is large this year.
The rice crop is poor this year.
The rice crop was harvested.
The rice crop was poor, owing to the floods.
The rice crop was scanty this year.
The rice field lies waste.
The rice has been harvested.
The rice is already burnt.
The rice is already harvested.
The rice is brown.
The rice is burned on.
The rice is coming well this year.
The rice is delicious.
The rice is hard.
The rice is ripening. What type of rice is this?
The rice is scorched.
The rice is still warm.
The rice is tasteless.
The rice is white.
The rice is yummy.
The rice needs more salt.
The rice should absorb all the liquid.
The rice was falling out of the bag.
The rice was still warm.
The rice we harvested is bountiful.
The rice you ate was not cooked enough.
The rich and powerful love it when the powerless are blamed for society's problems.
The rich and the poor are afraid of death.
The rich are apt to look down on people.
The rich are apt to look down upon the poor.
The rich are different from you and me.
The rich are envious.
The rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer.
The rich are getting richer.
The rich are like cats: they can't help but pull the strings.
The rich are not always happier than the poor.
The rich are not always happy.
The rich are not held accountable for their actions.
The rich are often misers.
The rich aren't always happier than the poor.
The rich aren't held accountable for their actions.
The rich friend gave him the cold shoulder.
The rich get richer and richer.
The rich get richer and the poor get poorer.
The rich grow richer and the poor grow poorer.
The rich have many friends.
The rich have trouble as well as the poor.
The rich have troubles as well as the poor.
The rich make money magically and are therefore worthless parasites.
The rich man bought a Millet.
The rich man has a beautiful kitchen.
The rich man's house should not burn, the young man's wife should not die, and the old man's son should not die.
The rich men work in the banks.
The rich merchant adopted the boy and made him his heir.
The rich merchant felt the hour of his death approaching.
The rich need me, the poor have lots of me, and if I eat it I will die. What am I?
The rich often use shady tactics to circumvent tax regulations.
The rich really are different from you and me.
The rich sometimes despise the poor.
The rich sometimes look down on the poor.
The rich, having the most to lose in this world, will die too.
The richer he became, the more he wanted.
The richer one is, the more money they have.
The richer the city, the more rubbish it generates.
The richer they get, the more confident they become.
The richer they got, the more confident they became.
The riches that are in the heart cannot be stolen.
The richest 85 people in the world are as wealthy as the poorest half of the planet's population.
The richest Americans are failing to pay hundreds of billions in taxes they owe the government, a new U.S. Treasury report contended Wednesday.
The richest Hungarian is a moron, and by the way, a friend, former schoolmate and confidant of the Prime Minister.
The richest are the biggest tax evaders.
The richest man cannot buy true love.
The richest man in the world cannot buy everything.
The richest man in the world cannot buy her love.
The richest naturally influence politics.
The richest ones are the oldest ones.
The riddles of God are more satisfying than the solutions of man.
The ride broke down.
The ride is smooth.
The ride to France was wild.
The ride with Tom was a terrible experience for me.
The rider is not careful.
The rider mounted a horse.
The rider sat astride his horse.
The rider stopped at an inn during his travels.
The rider untied a water bottle from his saddle and gulped down a few mouthfuls.
The ridiculous conspiracy theories seem to be coming true.
The ridiculousness of that movie is impressive.
The rifle is lightweight.
The rifle is loaded.
The rifle isn't loaded.
The rifle was loaded.
The rifle wasn't loaded.
The rifle went off.
The rift between Tom and Mary seems permanent.
The rig was on fire.
The right arm of the Statue of Liberty is 42 feet long.
The right bank of the river ended up being steep.
The right bank of the river is steep, but the left slopes gently.
The right bank of the river turned out to be steep.
The right blamed the left and the left blamed the right and in the end nothing changed.
The right channel on my tape deck went out.
The right has two left hands, but there is no left at all.
The right is attempting to eliminate trans people, but this is impossible, because trans people will always continue to be born.
The right is extremely coordinated globally.
The right is on my side.
The right loves actual pedophiles like Matt Walsh and human traffickers like Andrew Tate, which is why they treat these crimes as essential characteristics of their enemies requiring no evidence.
The right loves its phantom enemies.
The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world. So wake up Mister Freeman. Wake up and smell the ashes.
The right micromanages your life and has the audacity to call this "freedom."
The right mind is the mind that does not remain in one place.
The right moment is now.
The right of a state to exist is antithetical to the principle supposedly underlying liberal democracy, that people who are subject to a state's rule have the right to abolish it.
The right of reason does not exist where inhuman power reigns.
The right of return of the Palestinian refugees is something we don't talk about.
The right of return of the Palestinian refugees? This is such a shocking thing to say in the Israeli society, but this is also a very huge political issue and the topic of a very interesting debate.
The right of the Palestinian refugees to return to their homeland needs to be seriously considered.
The right of the Sahrawis to self-determination and independence is undeniable.
The right path may not always be the easier one.
The right riverside is steep.
The right rubs the left, and the face is rubbed by them.
The right side of my body was all dirty.
The right thing to do is to set Tom free.
The right time is now.
The right time to do the right thing is right now.
The right to an attorney during questioning does not exist in Japan.
The right to bare arms has been widely misinterpreted. It was about tank tops.
The right to be silent is also a human right.
The right to free movement is a fundamental human right that should not be denied based on political disagreements between governments.
The right to live is sacred. Life is a primordial divine gift. It is a crime against humanity to promote war, the most heinous and repulsive evil.
The right to remain silent is part of freedom of speech.
The right to travel should be universally upheld, irrespective of an individual's nationality or the geopolitical climate of their home country, still, Russians are hindered from accessing air travel due to the harsh sanctions the arrogant West is imposing on their country.
The right uses the language of pedophilia because they know that everyone hates pedophilia, and whatever tars their opposition is what they'll use. There is no depth they won't sink to.
The right wants to control your every action.
The right wants to dictate every aspect of your life.
The right wants to dictate what religion you can believe in, who you can love, what medical conditions you can be treated for, and whether you deserve to live.
The right way.
The right wing in this country is waging a war against women, but let me be very clear: This is not a war we are going to allow them to win.
The right word for this does not come to me.
The right word in the right place.
The right word may be effective, but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause.
The right you are trying to establish is ruled out by article 7 of the constitution.
The right's boogyman used to be called "political correctness"; today, they call it "wokeness."
The right-angled, systematically arranged grid of streets is easy to recognise.
The right-hand lane is for traffic turning right or going straight on, while the left-hand lane is for traffic turning left only.
The right-wing activists torched copies of the Quran.
The right-wing press is no friend of the BBC.
The right-wing protesters smeared poop on the wall.
The righteous man alone is blessed.
The righteous will cross a path full of thorns.
The rightmost lane is now under construction.
The rights of children are universal.
The rights of every man are diminished when the rights of one man are threatened.
The rights of the individual are important in a free society.
The rights of the individual are the most important rights in a free society.
The rights you requested do not belong to us.
The rime consists of the vowel and any final consonants of a syllable.
The ring I gave her had a tiny stone in it.
The ring Tom is wearing is very valuable.
The ring couldn't be found anywhere.
The ring fell into the river and sank to the bottom.
The ring has a diamond in it.
The ring has a great value.
The ring is cursed.
The ring is loose.
The ring is made of pure gold.
The ring is made of silver.
The ring is mine.
The ring is on the ring finger.
The ring is round.
The ring is tight.
The ring is worth more than two hundred euros.
The ring sports three diamonds, each equaling one tenth of a carat.
The ring that Tom is wearing is very valuable.
The ring was a gift Antonio’s father left him.
The ring was made of 24-karat gold.
The ring was not to be found anywhere.
The ring was nowhere to be found.
The ring, please.
The ringgit is the currency of which country?
The ringing in Yanni's ears was intensifying.
The ringing of the mobile woke me up.
The ringing stopped.
The ringing woke me.
The ringleader was killed in the attack, and most of the rebels surrendered in April 2008.
The rings around Saturn are made up of dust and ice.
The rings orbit Saturn just as our Moon goes around the Earth.
The rink is in a very foresty area.
The riot began with the southern people.
The riot got out of hand.
The riot police arrived on the scene.
The riot police wouldn't let them.
The riot spread across the city.
The riot was completely out of control.
The riot was put down.
The riot was soon put down by the police.
The riot was suppressed without difficulty.
The rioters and looters are dishonoring George Floyd's memory.
The rioters beat him badly.
The rioters beat many policemen to death.
The rioters burned about half a dozen cars.
The rioters set several cars on fire.
The rioters threw cobblestones.
The rioters went on a rampage.
The rioters were forcibly removed from the plaza.
The rioters were like animals in the grip of a primitive frenzy.
The riots of 1988 changed everything in Algeria.
The riots stopped.
The ripe orange's vibrant color stood out against the kitchen's neutral tones.
The riper the rice, the more deeply it bows.
The ripple effects from COVID-19 may substantially raise the death toll from HIV, tuberculosis and malaria, according to a new study.
The rise and fall of prices caused a financial crisis.
The rise and fall of the sea is governed by the moon.
The rise and fall of the sea is governed by the motion of the moon.
The rise and fall of the tides play an important role in the natural world.
The rise in house prices enabled him to sell his house at a big profit.
The rise in juvenile delinquency is a serious problem.
The rise in prices is pressing our family budget.
The rise in ticket prices was ostensibly to pay for improvements to the service.
The rise in youth unemployment is worrying.
The rise of social media means it is not just designers who decide the latest looks in fashion.
The rising generation always have some funny ideas.
The rising sun bathed the sky in a brilliant blend of colours.
The rising sun dispelled the mist.
The rising sun dispersed the mist.
The rising sun is magnificent this morning.
The rising sun saw many dead.
The rising sun seen from the top was beautiful.
The rising temperature and changing chemistry of ocean water combine with other stresses, such as overfishing and coastal and marine pollution, to alter marine-based food production and harm fishing communities.
The risk associated with advanced age childbirth has been considerably reduced compared to long time ago.
The risk is actually low.
The risk is minimal.
The risk is negligible.
The risk is small.
The risk is too great.
The risk is vanishingly low.
The risk of confusion is too high, I surely cannot be the only one who does not get this.
The risk of death among smokers age 40 and and older was nearly double that of never-smokers or those who had stopped, prompting Davis to conclude that the study should provide a powerful incentive to quit.
The risk of dying increases greatly with age.
The risk of fire is heightened in low-energy houses.
The risk of heart disease is up to four times higher among smokers than non-smokers.
The risk of impotence increases with age.
The risk of injury in this sport is minimal.
The risk paid off.
The risks are minimal.
The risks are too great.
The risks are very stressed in the translation.
The risks of such a project would clearly outweigh any putative benefit.
The risotto at Benedito's restaurant is creamy.
The risotto is delicious.
The ritual came to a stop.
The ritual nature of smoking makes nicotine dependence difficult to overcome.
The ritual scared Oleg.
The ritual was completed.
The rivalry between sisters-in-law.
The rivalry between them was soon apparent.
The rivalry intensified when fans decided to fan the flames with taunting chants.
The rivalry is real.
The river Ganges is considered sacred to Hindus.
The river Maritsa constitutes a border between Turkey and Greece.
The river Ob, located in western Siberia, is Russia's longest river.
The river Thames is in London.
The river bed is sandy.
The river bends but never breaks.
The river bends slightly to the left here.
The river bends slightly to the right here.
The river branches three kilometers below the town.
The river burst its banks and swept the vehicles away.
The river burst its banks.
The river can be dry, it keeps its name.
The river carries a huge volume of water.
The river carries time's secrets.
The river carves its own path.
The river carves its way through stone.
The river cuts through the dry Chihuahuan Desert. Big Bend National Park contains the northernmost part of this desert. It is the second-largest desert in North America. Much of the desert is south of the border in Mexico. The Rio Grande serves as an international border between the United States and Mexico for about 1,600 kilometers. The park itself shares a border with Mexico for 189 kilometers.
The river delta has flooded many times. I don't know why anyone continues to build there.
The river descends from the mountains to the bay below.
The river discharges into a lake.
The river drains five provinces.
The river dried up.
The river flooded a large area.
The river flooded its banks.
The river flooded the entire area.
The river flooded the entire region.
The river flooded the whole region.
The river flooded.
The river flowed beside Benedito's house.
The river flowed gently beneath the old stone bridge.
The river flowed gently under the bridge.
The river flowed over its banks.
The river flows along the north of island.
The river flows between the two countries.
The river flows calmly.
The river flows down to the sea.
The river flows ever onward, unstoppable.
The river flows gently, yet carves deep.
The river flows in front of our village.
The river flows into the Bay of Fundy near St. Martins, New Brunswick, and serves as the endpoint of the Fundy Trail.
The river flows into the Pacific Ocean.
The river flows into the Sea of Japan.
The river flows into the lake.
The river flows into the sea here.
The river flows into the sea.
The river flows quietly.
The river flows slowly to the sea.
The river flows sluggishly under the bridge.
The river flows southwest to the sea.
The river flows steadily.
The river flows through the center of town.
The river flows through the centre of town.
The river flows through the city.
The river flows through the town.
The river flows too fast to swim in.
The river flows under the bridge.
The river flows unhurried.
The river flows without hesitation.
The river flows, always forward.
The river flows, unhurried.
The river flows.
The river froze.
The river furnishes electric power to the town.
The river has a fast-moving current.
The river has a width of fifty metres.
The river has banks.
The river has become much cleaner than before.
The river has burst its banks.
The river has dried up now, and the little water that remains is plagued by swarms of gnats.
The river has dried up now, and the little water that remains is plagued by swarms of mosquitoes.
The river has dried up.
The river has its origin in the Japan Alps.
The river has its source in the Rocky Mountains.
The river has its source to the southwest of Sussex, New Brunswick.
The river has risen.
The river illumined blue under the sunshine.
The river illumined dark blue under the moonlight.
The river in front of where Mary lives has a serious pollution problem.
The river inundated the whole region.
The river invaded the whole region.
The river is 300 kilometers in length.
The river is 35 meters across.
The river is 35 metres across.
The river is 50 meters in breadth.
The river is about half as long again as the Thames.
The river is almost a mile wide at this point.
The river is also polluted.
The river is beautiful.
The river is best at this point.
The river is dangerous.
The river is deep here.
The river is deep.
The river is dry in the summer.
The river is dry.
The river is extremely cold.
The river is fifty metres across.
The river is fifty metres in width.
The river is fifty metres wide.
The river is fifty yards across.
The river is filthy and it stinks.
The river is five feet deep.
The river is flowing very fast after last night's rain.
The river is flowing very fast after last night’s rain.
The river is forty meters below.
The river is frozen over.
The river is frozen.
The river is full of industrial waste.
The river is high.
The river is impassable.
The river is in flood.
The river is in high spate.
The river is like a floating landfill.
The river is long.
The river is no longer as clean as it used to be.
The river is polluted by waste from houses and factories.
The river is really beautiful in this spot.
The river is really wide in this spot.
The river is running dry.
The river is shallow at this point.
The river is shallow here.
The river is shallow here. We can walk across.
The river is six miles deep in some areas and the only way to cross it is using a pulley and a rope.
The river is the widest in Europe.
The river is three hundred metres wide here.
The river is too deep.
The river is used for recreational canoeing and kayaking.
The river is very beautiful around here.
The river is very deep.
The river is very low.
The river is very shallow.
The river is wide.
The river is widest at this point.
The river isn't as high as it was last week.
The river knows no bounds, carving its own path.
The river knows no hurry, yet accomplishes much.
The river level is high.
The river meandered across the vast dry plain.
The river meanders across the plain.
The river meets another below this bridge.
The river moved slowly and threateningly.
The river moves with purpose.
The river never rushes.
The river once flowed.
The river outside of the castle is called a moat.
The river overflowed because of the heavy rain.
The river overflowed its banks and flooded the fields around it.
The river overflowed this morning as she could not contain what was between her banks.
The river overflowed.
The river ran dry.
The river rose above the level of the dam.
The river rose by degrees.
The river runs into the fjord.
The river runs parallel to the main street.
The river runs through the Metidja Plain to the sea.
The river runs through the park all the way to Blida.
The river runs through the town.
The river runs through the valley.
The river should be shallow enough to wade across.
The river sings its endless song.
The river suddenly narrows at this point.
The river supplies cities and villages with water.
The river supplies the city with electricity.
The river swelled rapidly because of the heavy rain.
The river that flows through London is the Thames.
The river that flows through Paris is called the Seine.
The river that flows through Paris is the Seine.
The river took Tom farther downstream.
The river totally ran dry.
The river was alive with fresh water fish.
The river was beautiful.
The river was cloudy with silt.
The river was deep.
The river was formerly navigable throughout its course by small craft.
The river was frozen very hard, and the merry skaters seemed almost to fly, they went so fast over the glib ice.
The river was impassable.
The river was in a fog.
The river was muddy after the heavy rain.
The river was not so clean.
The river was running full and fast.
The river was shallow at that point.
The river was shallow, so we were able to wade across it.
The river was small.
The river wasn't huge.
The river water has a color between yellow and brown.
The river water is not good.
The river watered the garden.
The river which flows through London is called the Thames.
The river which flows through Paris is called the Seine.
The river which flows through Paris is the Seine.
The river whispers ancient tales.
The river will dry up.
The river winds through the forest.
The river winds through time and memory.
The river winds through time.
The river winds with grace.
The river winds with purpose.
The river winds, seeking its own path.
The river winds, undeterred by the obstacles it meets.
The river with the largest flow in Spain is the Ebro.
The river's banks were steep.
The river's brown color is caused by the clay soil.
The river's crystal-clear water practically begged us to swim in it.
The river's got a fast-moving current.
The river's on the other side of the hill.
The river's water level has risen.
The river's width, depth and swift current made it unwise to try and float wagons across on individual rafts, and unless crossed in the dead of winter when the river was frozen solid, it was safer to transport the wagons and teams across the river on the small steam ferries operated by opportunistic businessmen.
The river-bed showed golden tintings, and green reflections from the opposite bank danced on the ripples.
The riverbed has almost dried out.
The rivers and the lakes are so polluted that the fish can no longer live.
The rivers are dried out.
The rivers are too cold to swim in.
The rivers stopped flowing.
The rivers were flooded by the heavy rain.
The rivers were impassable.
The riverside bristles with factory chimneys.
The river’s song is endless and true.
The river’s water isn’t good, is it?
The roach is on the table.
The roach scurried down the sink drain when Tom turned on the light.
The road across the mountain was narrow, and what's more, it was a steep slope.
The road across the mountain was narrow, and what’s more, it was a steep slope.
The road ahead is frozen.
The road ahead is full of challenges.
The road ahead of us is long.
The road ahead will be long.
The road ahead will be long. Our climb will be steep. We may not get there in one year or even in one term. But, America, I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we WILL get there.
The road ahead will be long. Our climb will be steep. We may not get there in one year or even in one term. But, US Americans, I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we WILL get there.
The road ascends gently here.
The road ascends steeply from that point.
The road ascends to the village.
The road became a dirt track.
The road became so narrow that Yanni couldn't pass through it.
The road began branching off in many directions.
The road bends gently west.
The road bends sharply to the right at this point.
The road between here and Tom's is pretty bad.
The road between the town and the village is closed because of roadworks.
The road came to a dead end.
The road cleared off.
The road climbed gradually.
The road climbs to the village.
The road closure is only temporary. It'll be lifted as soon as the roadworks are completed.
The road closure was due to a flash flood.
The road completely disappeared under the rains.
The road continues for many miles.
The road continues past the campground for about four miles.
The road curled around the side of the hill.
The road curves gently toward the lake.
The road curves gently towards the west.
The road curves to the left around the building.
The road cuts through most of the forest.
The road declines sharply.
The road descends slowly.
The road didn't lead anywhere important.
The road dipped into a valley, then swept up over a hill.
The road dips suddenly.
The road divides here into two.
The road ends and the trail begins.
The road ends here.
The road ends.
The road escaped them.
The road flooded.
The road follows the river.
The road forks here.
The road forks.
The road from the bus station to Tom's house is very steep.
The road gets much worse.
The road goes along the sea.
The road goes between two hills.
The road goes down the hill until it reaches national highway 40.
The road goes north from here.
The road goes straight for about a kilometer and then turns.
The road goes up to the village.
The road got more difficult.
The road got really steep.
The road gradually returned to its former self.
The road had potholes, and my hubcaps fell off.
The road has been blocked since at least Thursday.
The road has been closed.
The road has been properly surfaced.
The road has been surfaced in some places.
The road has been tarred.
The road has frozen and it's now slippery.
The road has partially collapsed.
The road hasn't been leveled.
The road hasn't been levelled.
The road here elevates slightly.
The road here is awful.
The road here slopes up slightly.
The road in front of Tom's house is unpaved.
The road in front of Tom's house isn't paved.
The road in front of my house is open to traffic again.
The road in front of us grew bleaker and wilder over huge russet and olive slopes, sprinkled with giant boulders.
The road in those days wasn't so wide, it wasn't tarmacked, and there were no cars; us kids always walked in the middle of it.
The road is a mess.
The road is all clear.
The road is bad.
The road is being repaired.
The road is blocked because of an accident.
The road is blocked because of an overturned lorry.
The road is blocked by an overturned lorry.
The road is blocked by an overturned truck.
The road is blocked by fallen trees.
The road is blocked by stones fallen from a nearby rock.
The road is blocked in both directions because of roadworks.
The road is blocked with fallen trees.
The road is blocked.
The road is clear.
The road is closed indefinitely.
The road is closed to traffic on market days.
The road is closed to traffic.
The road is closed until further notice.
The road is closed.
The road is completely blocked.
The road is covered in ice.
The road is crowded so we probably won't get there by the time we promised.
The road is crowded so we probably won’t get in promised time.
The road is damaged.
The road is dangerous.
The road is dusty. It cannot have rained yesterday.
The road is fairly bumpy.
The road is free.
The road is frozen! Don't let him drive!
The road is full of potholes.
The road is getting narrow.
The road is getting steeper and steeper.
The road is hardly maintained.
The road is icy, so please be careful.
The road is icy, so take care.
The road is icy.
The road is in a deplorable state.
The road is in a terrible condition.
The road is inadequate for the amount of traffic which it carries.
The road is jammed with cars.
The road is like a sheet of glass.
The road is like glass.
The road is long ahead of me.
The road is long for them.
The road is long for you.
The road is long, but it will be covered step by step.
The road is long.
The road is more like an ice rink.
The road is muddy.
The road is narrow and difficult.
The road is narrow.
The road is narrower now.
The road is narrowing.
The road is not good.
The road is not wide enough.
The road is now closed to traffic.
The road is open to traffic again.
The road is parallel to the river.
The road is paved with asphalt.
The road is paved.
The road is poorly maintained.
The road is pretty bumpy.
The road is probably five to six miles away.
The road is quite bumpy.
The road is really slippery because of the rain.
The road is rubbish.
The road is slick.
The road is slippery.
The road is slippery. Drive slowly.
The road is steep.
The road is still long.
The road is still wet.
The road is straight for over ten miles.
The road is straight for three kilometers.
The road is straight, but the slope is steep.
The road is straight.
The road is surrounded by forests.
The road is ten feet in width.
The road is three meters wide at this point.
The road is too narrow for cars.
The road is under construction.
The road is under repair.
The road is uphill all the way.
The road is very bumpy in this area.
The road is very bumpy.
The road is very curvy.
The road is very difficult.
The road is very dusty.
The road is very narrow and it turns to dirt some four kilometers off the highway.
The road is very slippery.
The road is very treacherous.
The road is wet and it's slippery.
The road is wide enough for the bus to pass.
The road is wide enough for the truck to pass.
The road isn't wide. It is narrow.
The road leading into the village had disappeared in the snow.
The road leads between two hills.
The road leads to Dmitri’s house.
The road leads to a field.
The road leads to the forest.
The road leads up to a huge mosque surrounded by trees.
The road leads up to the camp.
The road leads up to the village.
The road led them through a desert field, where there were many boulders.
The road made an abrupt transition from concrete to gravel.
The road makes a sharp right turn there.
The road markings are hardly visible.
The road narrowed drastically.
The road narrowed.
The road narrows drastically there.
The road needs to be properly surfaced.
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
The road parallels the river for a few miles.
The road parallels the river.
The road passes between two hills.
The road passes by old homes and historic buildings.
The road passes through a heavily wooded area, serving several homes in the area.
The road promised adventure and discovery.
The road quickly narrowed down to a single lane.
The road ran straight for several miles.
The road rises from there.
The road roller is levelling the street.
The road roller is noisy.
The road runs along the river.
The road runs between two hills.
The road runs from Tokyo to Osaka.
The road runs parallel to the river.
The road runs parallel with the river.
The road runs past the mosque.
The road runs right by my house.
The road runs right past my house.
The road runs through a vast desert.
The road seemed never-ending.
The road seemed to lead to a dead-end street.
The road sneaks through the mountains.
The road starts to suddenly rise from here.
The road stays straight for the next 50 miles.
The road stretched before me.
The road stretched on for miles.
The road tends to the south at the next village.
The road that leads to pleasure is downhill and very easy, with the result that one does not walk but is dragged along; the other which leads to self-control is uphill, toilsome no doubt but exceedingly profitable.
The road that leads to the hotel is narrow.
The road tightened as we entered the town.
The road to Chrea is blocked with snow.
The road to Hades is the easiest to travel.
The road to Hell is paved with good intentions.
The road to Kazan lies through a dense forest.
The road to Nagano is closed to traffic.
The road to a more climate-friendly community is paved with economic opportunities.
The road to follow eludes us.
The road to freedom: hard to climb.
The road to get there is not very good, but it could be worse.
The road to heaven passes through hell.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
The road to hell is wide.
The road to him is paved.
The road to mastery is oh so long.
The road to peace is never smooth.
The road to recovery goes downhill all the way.
The road to recovery is downhill all the way.
The road to recovery leads downhill.
The road to simplicity is paved with hellish complexities.
The road to success is always under construction.
The road to success wouldn't be so long if there weren't so many enticing stops along the way.
The road to that village is a long and painful one.
The road to the airport is closed.
The road to the village is difficult.
The road to the village is going to be improved.
The road to the village is in a very bad state.
The road to the village is mostly dirt paths.
The road to the village is narrow.
The road to the village is very rough.
The road took a sudden downward turn.
The road trip across the country with his family was a bonding experience for William.
The road trip felt like days for Leonid.
The road trip to Las Vegas was full of adventures.
The road turns a bit to the west.
The road turns left there.
The road twisted and wound like a labyrinth.
The road up ahead is blocked by a landslide.
The road up ahead is blocked by fallen rocks.
The road up ahead is clogged with traffic.
The road up ahead is impassable.
The road up ahead is unpaved.
The road up ahead is washed out.
The road up and the road down is one and the same.
The road was barely used.
The road was barricaded.
The road was blocked by a fallen tree.
The road was blocked by a huge lorry.
The road was blocked by a snowslide.
The road was blocked by an avalanche.
The road was blocked by fallen rocks.
The road was blocked.
The road was built for military logistics purposes.
The road was clear of traffic.
The road was clear.
The road was closed because of fog.
The road was closed due to the fog.
The road was closed on account of the flood.
The road was completely clean.
The road was congested with cars.
The road was crowded with trucks.
The road was crowded with various vehicles.
The road was dark and slippery.
The road was empty of any kinds of buildings or houses.
The road was far away.
The road was filled with potholes.
The road was flanked by century-old sycamore trees.
The road was full of obstacles.
The road was gone. All that remained was a blanket of thick white snow.
The road was gray with dust.
The road was harsh.
The road was icy.
The road was jammed with various kinds of cars.
The road was lined with hundred-year-old sycamores.
The road was muddy and slippery.
The road was not officially completed until 1987.
The road was obstructed by a snowslide.
The road was obstructed by fallen trees.
The road was partially destroyed by the earthquake.
The road was partly destroyed in consequence of the earthquake.
The road was paved forty years ago.
The road was paved in tar.
The road was paved with tar.
The road was practically unusued.
The road was pretty dead.
The road was pretty empty.
The road was quite muddy, and, what is worse, it began to rain.
The road was seemingly endless.
The road was slightly uphill.
The road was slippery.
The road was too hazardous to travel in the snow.
The road was under construction.
The road was very bumpy.
The road was very rough.
The road was very steep.
The road was wet from the rain.
The road we were going to take is closed.
The road we were on was very bumpy.
The road went deeper and deeper in the desert.
The road which leads to the hotel is narrow.
The road which was made under the superintendence of Captain (afterwards Colonel) Guthrie, of the Bengal Engineers between 1837 and 1844, at the joint expense of the British and Manipuri Governments, the former paying the larger share, was excellent for foot passengers and pack animals, but not wide enough and too steep for wheeled traffic on a large scale.
The road winded through the fields.
The road wound through the fields.
The road's in bad condition.
The road-physician was fairly up to time; but, to the surprise of Jude on striking into his pace, which the pedestrian did not diminish by a single unit of force, the latter seemed hardly to recognize his young companion, though with the lapse of the fortnight the evenings had grown light.
The roadblock is only temporary. It will be removed when the construction is finished.
The roadkill was a possum.
The roadmap will be updated regularly, and will evolve over time as we iterate on it based on feedback and usage in practise. It describes larger, multi-week cross-functional development we’re committed to.
The roadrunner gets its moisture largely from its omnivorous diet, which includes lizards and small rattlesnakes.
The roadrunner is a bird also known as the "Chaparral Cock" in Texas.
The roads are already covered with snow.
The roads are becoming less traveled, the restaurants emptier, and ordinary stores are seeing foot-fall trailing off — even in towns with no confirmed cases for hundreds of miles around.
The roads are blocked due to the bad weather.
The roads are closed as a result of bad weather.
The roads are closed in the rainy season.
The roads are congested.
The roads are dirty.
The roads are empty.
The roads are fantastic.
The roads are full of cars.
The roads are full of potholes.
The roads are getting more slippery.
The roads are icy.
The roads are impassable because of the heavy snow.
The roads are jammed with cars.
The roads are now covered in snow.
The roads are packed full of cars because of Cheosok.
The roads are quietest after 8pm.
The roads are slippery on a rainy day. Be careful not to fall.
The roads are slippery, so please be careful.
The roads are slippery.
The roads are unclean.
The roads are very crowded at this time of the day.
The roads diverge up ahead; take the left one.
The roads have been plowed.
The roads here are congested.
The roads in Kabylie were slick.
The roads in our area are in poor condition.
The roads in this country were destroyed by four years of savage warfare.
The roads of Istanbul are crowded.
The roads of this city are in deplorable condition.
The roads out in the country are not so busy as in the city.
The roads were empty.
The roads were fairly empty.
The roads were slippery.
The roads were very muddy since it had rained during the night.
The roadsweeper has just gone down the street.
The roadway continues though forest for a brief period, and again enters the mountains.
The roadworks blocked the way into the street.
The roar increased, becoming almost deafening in the cabin despite its soundproofing.
The roar of the fire drowned the screams.
The roar of the heavy guns was deafening.
The roar of the lions at the zoo made my heart race.
The roar of the waterfall echoed through the canyon.
The roar of their own cannons was extremely loud.
The roaring lion terrified the boy.
The roast beef is juicy and tender.
The roast beef was delicious with horseradish sauce.
The roast began to roast again.
The roast lamb is very good.
The roast potatoes are burnt. They're only fit for the dustbin, I'm afraid.
The roasted chicken was seasoned with a blend of herbs and garlic powder.
The roasted chicken you bought was burnt.
The roasted pig looks so delicious that he wasn't able to resist eating some despite that he has hypertension.
The roasted vegetables tasted delicious with a sprinkle of garlic powder.
The roasted veggies in Benedito's salad are a great addition.
The robber aimed his gun at the clerk.
The robber aimed his gun at the police officer.
The robber approached under cover of night.
The robber attacked her on a back street.
The robber bashed her head in.
The robber emerged from the darkness.
The robber escaped being punished.
The robber held the victim at gunpoint.
The robber hurried the storekeeper to open the safe.
The robber ran away when the policeman saw him.
The robber seized the bag from his hand.
The robber stood surrounded by ten policemen.
The robber took away my phone.
The robber tried to plunge the knife into the boy.
The robber was nabbed this morning.
The robber was never apprehended.
The robber was never caught.
The robber was never found and this still kills me inside to this day.
The robber was tied up by the police officers who arrived in time.
The robber was tied up.
The robber who shot the cashier was arrested, but his accomplice managed to get away with the takings.
The robbers appeared out of the shade and rushed him.
The robbers are standing by the side of the road.
The robbers became less cautious.
The robbers came out from behind the trees and attacked him.
The robbers counted the hostages.
The robbers did away with their victims.
The robbers dropped whatever he had and ran in different directions.
The robbers fell on her there.
The robbers fell on him from behind the trees.
The robbers fell upon him from behind the trees.
The robbers left the car behind in the wilderness and disappeared.
The robbers made away with all the money in the safe.
The robbers were caught on the closed-circuit TV.
The robbers were completely gone.
The robbers were pros.
The robbers were wearing ski masks.
The robbers were wearing stockings over their heads.
The robbery that Fadil set up led to five men being shot.
The robbery that Sami set up led to five men being shot.
The robbery was blamed on Tom.
The robbery was caught on a security camera.
The robe is still wet.
The robes do not make the monk.
The robin is looking for worms.
The robin is one of the most well-known songbirds living in the United Kingdom.
The robot I built isn't working.
The robot activated its weapons.
The robot can change into any form it touches.
The robot can imitate Yanni's movement exactly.
The robot could be shut down remotely.
The robot crawled inside Ziri's belly button.
The robot didn't work any more after that.
The robot does whatever its master tells it to do.
The robot exploded.
The robot gave Gunter a flower.
The robot is affectionately known to the workers as Tom, named after the former colleague of theirs whom it replaced.
The robot is modeled after the speedy basilisk lizard, which walks on water at speeds of 1.5 meters per second in the rain forests of Central and South America.
The robot lurched at Ziri.
The robot made its way toward him.
The robot reassembled itself into its normal body.
The robot rebooted.
The robot remained functional.
The robot remained unharmed.
The robot started looking for the rover.
The robot that I intend to buy to help me learn the Latin language is called "Kikerus".
The robot waiter is programmed to know the layout of the tables and delivers food from the kitchen.
The robot was jointly purchased by five big federal agencies that are collaborating to improve chemical testing procedures, including the EPA and the National Institutes of Health's Chemical Genomics Center, where the robot is located.
The robot was so lifelike that it was creepy.
The robot was so lifelike that it was uncanny.
The robot went out of control.
The robot's guidance system has gone haywire. It keeps bumping into walls.
The robotic hands are designed to be dexterous, soft and delicate like people.
The robotic rover Perseverance lands on Mars, as it looks for signs of life, ancient or current.
The robotics industry as a whole is struggling.
The robotics industry is struggling.
The robots are acting human.
The robots are sure to contribute to the world.
The robots go back to Kiwi headquarters each night where they are tweaked for optimum performance.
The robots never get sick or complain and they can work 24 hours a day.
The robots were nocturnal.
The robots will gain control one day, be sure of that.
The robot’s guidance system has gone haywire. It keeps bumping into walls.
The robot’s primary weapon is broken.
The rock I saw in the cave was gigantic.
The rock band damaged the hotel room.
The rock band thrashed the hotel room.
The rock chip in Yanni's windshield is deep.
The rock chip is right in the middle of the windshield.
The rock climber put his finger in the bolthole on the wall.
The rock concert was called off because the singer fell ill.
The rock drawings mainly portrayed hunting scenes.
The rock feels wet.
The rock flew through the open window.
The rock garden is past the patio.
The rock gardens, waterfalls, gazebos, amphitheater and rustic cement bridges have survived virtually intact.
The rock has been blasted to make a new course for the stream.
The rock hit Yanni's windshield.
The rock looks like a face when you look at it from far away.
The rock narrowly missed Lorenzo's head.
The rock projected over us like a roof.
The rock rolled down the hill.
The rock rolled down the hillside.
The rock samples were deposited in a shallow marine environment.
The rock star is an idol of the teenagers.
The rock star's induction into the Hall of Fame was predicted by all.
The rock star’s induction into the Hall of Fame was predicted by all.
The rock they found in the cave weighs almost two hundred kilograms.
The rock was moved by dynamite.
The rocket blast opens the celebrations.
The rocket blasted off into the atmosphere.
The rocket blasted out of the atmosphere.
The rocket blew up a few seconds after launch.
The rocket can be used four times.
The rocket could fly from Algiers to Beijing in twenty-four minutes.
The rocket exploded on the launch pad.
The rocket exploded.
The rocket is in orbit around the moon.
The rocket landed safely after its ascent.
The rocket landed safely.
The rocket landed successfully on the launch pad.
The rocket landed sufficiently gently to avoid breaking its instruments.
The rocket launch went without a hitch.
The rocket launched without a hitch.
The rocket launched without any problems.
The rocket launched.
The rocket ought to have reached the moon by now.
The rocket put a communications satellite into orbit.
The rocket rose higher and higher. For five minutes, Alan Shepard felt the weightlessness of space. He felt himself floating. Freedom Seven flew one hundred eighty-five kilometers high. Then it re-entered the atmosphere and the spacecraft slowed. The fifteen-minute flight ended with a soft splash into the ocean about five hundred kilometers from Cape Canaveral.
The rocket took off and corkscrewed up to its maximum altitude, drawing exclamations of excitement and relief from the team.
The rocket travels at a tremendous speed.
The rocket was hardly up when it exploded.
The rocket was launched into space.
The rocket was launched this morning.
The rocket was launched.
The rocket was tested.
The rocket went up smoothly.
The rocket went up.
The rockets cost twenty reais a box.
The rockets were fired from a launching pad.
The rocking of the boat made her feel queasy.
The rocks are covered by carpets of moss and beautiful ferns flank the pristine creek banks.
The rocks are sharp.
The rocks are slippery.
The rocks are too steep.
The rocks are weathered into fantastic forms.
The rocks looked like teeth in a dog's mouth.
The rocks on this beach remind me of those summer days when Laura and I played in the sand until nightfall.
The rocks stand one, two, and sometimes several feet apart, almost all of them vertical.
The rocks were partially buried and overgrown with weeds.
The rocks were placed in a certain arrangement.
The rocks were very peculiarly placed.
The rod was sticking out of Ziri's chest.
The rodent best adapted to living in rivers and marshlands is the beaver.
The role of Satan in Judaism has been compared to that of a prosecuting attorney.
The role of Tom Jackson was recast.
The role of a lawyer is to prove that his client is innocent.
The role of media is to inform and disinform.
The role of politics is not to avenge what has happened, but to ensure that it doesn't happen again.
The role of the Berber teacher is to help the student to learn.
The role of the advisors is to assist the mayor in managing the city.
The role of the historian is less to discover and catalog documents than to interpret and explain them.
The role of the placenta is to nourish the foetus.
The role of women and their potential in countering extremism around the world is often overlooked and underestimated, a group of experts told U.S. lawmakers this week.
The roll of toilet paper hit the ground and began rolling, unraveling along the way.
The roller coaster broke down and Tom was stuck at the top for eight hours.
The roller coaster was really scary.
The roller-coaster ride continued in financial markets, with sharp swings rocking major indexes from Asia, Europe and North America.
The rollercoaster accident killed two people.
The rollercoaster passed Adriano.
The rollercoaster wasn't that fast.
The rollercoaster went upside down.
The rolling of the sea had abated somewhat, and Jim looked out of an open porthole.
The rolls are baked by the baker.
The romance about outer space still lives in a few of us.
The romance between Sami and Layla went sour.
The romance is gone.
The romantic aspect complicates the story.
The romantic in me is mostly dead, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing.
The romantic poet Novalis wrote: "A child is love made visible." He himself never had children.
The roo was gutted alive.
The roof collapsed under the weight of the snow.
The roof declines at a sharp angle.
The roof gave way under the weight of the snow.
The roof has a few broken tiles.
The roof has been patched up many times over the years.
The roof has shingles.
The roof is about to collapse.
The roof is brown.
The roof is covered with sheet metal.
The roof is glinting in the sun.
The roof is glittering in the sunshine.
The roof is going to fall in one of these days.
The roof is leaking.
The roof is made of thatch.
The roof is made of wood.
The roof is on fire.
The roof is really in need of repair.
The roof is shining in the sun.
The roof is thermally isolated.
The roof is tiled with yellow tiles.
The roof is very low.
The roof is well-insulated.
The roof is wooden.
The roof leaks every time it rains.
The roof leaks in 3 different places.
The roof leaks when it rains.
The roof leaks.
The roof lets in rain.
The roof needs new shingles.
The roof needs repairs.
The roof needs to be fixed.
The roof of Tom's house is red.
The roof of Tom's house was damaged in the storm.
The roof of my house is new.
The roof of my house is red.
The roof of our house is leaking.
The roof of the car was dented under the weight of the snow.
The roof of the church needs repairs.
The roof of the high rise building overlooks the whole town.
The roof of the house has fallen in.
The roof of the house is gabled.
The roof of the house is leaking.
The roof of the house is red.
The roof of the house let in the rain.
The roof of the house suddenly buckled.
The roof of the hut groaned under the weight of the snow.
The roof of the market was always covered in garbage.
The roof rack is broken.
The roof slopes sharply.
The roof terrace is safe to walk on.
The roof tiles are red.
The roof was blown off by the explosion.
The roof was caved in.
The roof was damaged by the storm.
The roof was dripping.
The roof was leaking.
The roof was torn off by strong winds.
The roof was torn off by the gale.
The roofer roofed the thick roof.
The roofs are made with detachable pieces.
The roofs are modular.
The roofs were covered with snow.
The rooftop is durable and watertight.
The rook in chess moves orthogonally.
The rookie breathed new life into the team.
The rooks are placed in the corners during the set-up phase.
The rooks have arrived.
The room I booked for you for the meeting on March 23 has been canceled.
The room I've moved into recently gets plenty of sunshine.
The room I’ve moved into recently gets plenty of sunshine.
The room Tom sleeps in has no windows.
The room Tom wants isn't available.
The room at the end of the corridor seemed to have an open window, but as I got closer I realised it was an illusion painted on the wall.
The room became filled with smoke.
The room became slightly hushed.
The room can hold 200 people.
The room charge is $100 a night plus tax.
The room charge is 100 USD a night plus tax.
The room charge is 100 dollars a night.
The room commands a fine view of the lake.
The room didn't have a single window.
The room didn't look very good after Tom painted it, because he didn't even bother to wash the walls or ceiling first.
The room echoed, lacking acoustics.
The room echoes with his voice.
The room emptied when the gong for dinner sounded.
The room erupted in laughter.
The room exploded in laughter.
The room fell silent.
The room felt cozy after incorporating the use of indirect lighting.
The room filled with laughter.
The room filled with smoke.
The room for Spanish classes is just beside the one for English classes.
The room for Tom is prepared.
The room got hot as soon as I turned on the steam.
The room got quiet.
The room got too narrow for him.
The room got very quiet.
The room gradually got darker.
The room gradually got hotter.
The room had a blue curtain for a door.
The room had a cosy atmosphere.
The room had a nice cosy feel.
The room had a nice cozy feel.
The room had excellent acoustic properties.
The room had only a bed, a table and a chair.
The room had only a bed, a table and chairs.
The room had poor acoustics.
The room had two windows.
The room has a cosy atmosphere.
The room has a minimum capacity of 200 and maximum capacity of 230.
The room has a seating capacity of 200.
The room has been cleaned up.
The room has been empty for a long time.
The room has been empty for ten years.
The room has been transformed now that the walls have been painted.
The room has been trashed.
The room has two windows.
The room hasn't been cleaned recently, so it now has a foul aroma.
The room hasn't been made up.
The room hasn’t been made up.
The room in the condo, that the real estate agent was calling a den, was little more than a closet with a built-in desk.
The room in which the exam was being held was very hot.
The room is a little small, but it does its price justice.
The room is a mess.
The room is almost empty.
The room is anything but small.
The room is at capacity.
The room is at the end of the hall.
The room is being painted by Tom.
The room is being painted by him.
The room is big, almost too big.
The room is bugged.
The room is certainly large enough.
The room is clean and comfortable.
The room is cleaned by Mrs. Smith.
The room is cleaned by Tom.
The room is cleaned by me.
The room is cluttered with newspapers.
The room is cold.
The room is covered with dust.
The room is crawling with spiders.
The room is dark.
The room is dirty, so I'll clean it.
The room is dusky.
The room is empty apart from the speck of dust floating in the air.
The room is empty.
The room is extremely small.
The room is full of flowers.
The room is full of furniture.
The room is full of odds and ends.
The room is full of people.
The room is full of trash.
The room is full of trophies, prizes, mounted shields, medals and award certificates.
The room is fully furnished.
The room is furnished with two beds.
The room is getting cold, close the window, okay?
The room is getting too narrow for him.
The room is half as large as the kitchen.
The room is high-ceilinged and well ventilated.
The room is hot.
The room is in immaculate order.
The room is large and has no furniture, except for a desk.
The room is light.
The room is lit by a single lamp.
The room is nice.
The room is now ready for you.
The room is perfectly suitable for this purpose.
The room is quite small.
The room is rather small.
The room is ready for us to move into.
The room is ready to use.
The room is relatively small.
The room is richly ornamented.
The room is shrouded in smoke.
The room is spacious and light.
The room is spinning.
The room is starting to spin.
The room is starting to warm up now.
The room is stuffy.
The room is sunny.
The room is too big.
The room is too small to play in.
The room is too small.
The room is very bright.
The room is very clean.
The room is very cold.
The room is very cold. The fire has gone out.
The room is very comfortable.
The room is very dark.
The room is very dirty.
The room is very gloomy.
The room is very hot.
The room is warm and cosy now.
The room is warm and cozy now.
The room is warming up.
The room key, please.
The room lacked circulation; the air felt stuffy.
The room lighting is sufficient.
The room looks different after I've changed the curtains.
The room looks different after I’ve changed the curtains.
The room looks different since the curtains were changed.
The room looks different since the curtains were replaced.
The room looks different, now I like it more.
The room looks on to the road.
The room looks out on the ocean.
The room needs to be painted.
The room next door is noisy, huh?
The room next door was a library.
The room next door was the library.
The room number is on the key.
The room number's on the key.
The room only had a bed, a table and a chair.
The room originally had no furniture.
The room plunged back into silence.
The room quickly filled with a strong smell of farts.
The room seems awfully dark and spooky.
The room smelled bad.
The room smelled distinctly of old oil and burnt semiconductors, with just a hint of cinnamon.
The room smelled like someone had been smoking.
The room smelled musty.
The room smelled of fresh flowers.
The room smelled of tobacco.
The room smelt as if someone had been smoking.
The room smelt like half-rotten meat.
The room smelt musty.
The room started filling up with white cement.
The room started to spin after I drank too much.
The room that the kidnappers locked me in had no windows.
The room the kidnappers locked me in had no windows.
The room warmed slightly.
The room was a complete mess.
The room was a mess.
The room was all messed up.
The room was already empty.
The room was anything but tidy.
The room was as still as the grave.
The room was bare of furniture.
The room was bare.
The room was bathed in sunshine.
The room was brightly lit.
The room was cleaned by Tom.
The room was cold.
The room was completely dark, so we couldn't see anything.
The room was completely dark.
The room was completely silent and everyone stared at me.
The room was completely silent and everyone stared at us.
The room was completely unfurnished.
The room was cramped.
The room was crowded with furniture.
The room was crowded with guests.
The room was crowded.
The room was dark and cold.
The room was dark.
The room was dead silent.
The room was decorated with flowers for the party.
The room was decorated with tapestries, embroidered cushions and gilded chairs.
The room was deserted.
The room was devoid of furniture.
The room was dimly black.
The room was dimly lit.
The room was dusky.
The room was electric with Rima's presence.
The room was empty except for a shabby bed.
The room was empty except for one chair.
The room was empty for quite a while.
The room was empty of any people.
The room was empty.
The room was engulfed in darkness.
The room was enveloped in the scent of roses.
The room was fairly spacious.
The room was filled with cigarette smoke.
The room was filled with computers.
The room was filled with excitement.
The room was filled with fumes.
The room was filled with laughter.
The room was filled with people.
The room was filled with silence.
The room was filled with smoke.
The room was filled with the smell of coffee.
The room was for his personal use.
The room was full of bugs, millions of small, wriggling bugs with lots of legs.
The room was full of furniture.
The room was full of girls in white.
The room was full of people.
The room was full of presents as far as I could see.
The room was full of smoke.
The room was gloomy and cold.
The room was hot.
The room was illuminated by a candle.
The room was illuminated with red lights.
The room was in a state of neglect.
The room was in chaos. Papers were strewn everywhere, chairs were overturned, and the window was shattered.
The room was in complete darkness.
The room was in disorder.
The room was in good order.
The room was in perfect order.
The room was in total disorder.
The room was jam-packed with reporters waiting for the press conference to begin.
The room was kept warm for the guests.
The room was left empty, with no evidence or clue as to where he had gone.
The room was light enough for her to read the letter.
The room was light enough for him to read the letter.
The room was lit by a single candle.
The room was lit by candles.
The room was lit by five candles.
The room was lit up only by the fireplace.
The room was littered with empty pizza boxes.
The room was littered with scraps of paper.
The room was locked.
The room was only lit by the fireplace.
The room was packed with people.
The room was packed.
The room was painted entirely white.
The room was painted jet black.
The room was pervaded with the scent of perfume.
The room was pitch black, so I couldn't see a thing.
The room was plunged into darkness.
The room was plunged into utter darkness.
The room was quaint, with its antique furniture and lace curtains.
The room was quiet.
The room was quiet. Of course, it didn't stay that way.
The room was silent.
The room was so dark that we could see nothing at all.
The room was so dark that we had to feel our way to the door.
The room was so full of smoke that I could hardly breathe.
The room was so noisy that Tom covered his ears.
The room was so quiet you could hear a pin drop.
The room was so silent that the ticking of a watch could be heard.
The room was so smoky I could hardly breathe.
The room was so smoky that I could hardly breathe.
The room was too crowded.
The room was too narrow for him.
The room was totally dark for a while.
The room was unlit.
The room was very clean.
The room was very cluttered.
The room was very crowded.
The room was very dirty.
The room was very untidy.
The room was warm and cosy.
The room was warm and cozy.
The room was warm.
The room wasn't cleaned by Kate.
The room wasn't cleaned by Tom.
The room wasn't tidied by Rosa.
The room wasn't very dirty, but I cleaned it anyway.
The room wasn’t cleaned by Kate.
The room where we had our Spanish class was large enough.
The room where we had our meeting was very well-lit.
The room will be available after three o'clock.
The room will be free tomorrow.
The room will be painted tomorrow.
The room windows are not soundproof.
The room with a green carpet is very dark.
The room's a mess.
The room's area is two and half square meters.
The room's getting hot.
The room's nice.
The room's nicely fixed up for the party.
The room's walls were entirely white.
The room's window is round.
The roommate, 27, could not lift his arm to grasp the phone. That’s when Armstrong knew something was horribly wrong.
The rooms are all clean.
The rooms are all occupied.
The rooms are clean and comfortable.
The rooms are deserted.
The rooms are heated only when they are used.
The rooms are high-ceilinged and well ventilated.
The rooms are lined up next to each other.
The rooms are small, but comfortable.
The rooms are so small.
The rooms are spacious, clean and have kitchens and balconies.
The rooms are too low.
The rooms had slanted ceilings.
The rooms have high ceilings and are well ventilated.
The rooms in the beautiful house are large.
The rooms in this flat are bigger than those in any other flat in this building.
The rooms in this hotel are not as clean as the rooms in that hotel.
The rooms in this hotel are pretty basic.
The rooms in this hotel are really very bad at muffling sounds. I can hear my neighbor chewing his gum!
The rooster crowed.
The rooster crows at sunrise.
The rooster crows, "Cock-a-doodle-doo!" in the morning.
The rooster crows.
The rooster doesn't lay eggs.
The rooster is crowing.
The rooster is pecking at my leg.
The rooster wants to take on the eagle.
The root cause of Mary's problems is the way she was treated as a child.
The root cause of any divorce is marriage.
The root chakra is responsible for the skeletal system, legs, prostate, lower pelvis, large and small intestines, and male genital organs.
The root is the part of a plant that absorbs water and nutrients from the soil.
The root is well watered.
The root of a flower is as weak as a baby's finger.
The root of a flower is as weak as a baby’s finger.
The root of the problem is a lack of communication between departments.
The root of the problem lies in our employees' incapacity to internalize the sentiments of the company.
The roots also help aerate the soil to allow more water to infiltrate the ground.
The roots are in full contact with the soil.
The roots connect the tree to the ground.
The roots grow out, as straight as a stilt.
The roots of ayurvedic medicine go back to the beginning of recorded history in South Asia.
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
The roots of the date palm tree stayed alive and healthy.
The roots of the heather need good soil.
The roots of the ivy filled up the pot very quickly.
The roots of the ivy froze.
The roots of the ivy got deep into the ground.
The roots of the ivy started rotting.
The roots of the mangrove trees in the swamp help to prevent erosion of the coastline.
The roots of the plant are greedy for water.
The roots of the tree went deep into the ground.
The roots of this tree go down deep.
The rope bridge suddenly snapped and Michael fell into the water.
The rope broke under the strain.
The rope broke when we were climbing the mountain.
The rope broke.
The rope has some give, so it won’t snap easily.
The rope snapped and Tom fell down the crevasse.
The rope stretches and springs back into shape.
The rope was a couple of meters too short.
The rope was buried in the dirt.
The rope was long enough, but not strong enough.
The rope was long.
The rope was of a very poor quality.
The rope was too long, so I needed a pair of scissors to cut it short.
The rope wasn't strong enough to support Tom's weight.
The rope wasn't strong enough to support him.
The rope wasn’t strong enough to support him.
The rose and the thorn, and sorrow and gladness are linked together.
The rose and the thorn, sadness and joy are constant pairs.
The rose belongs to Theodore.
The rose belongs to Tom.
The rose bushes are starting to bud.
The rose gives off a sweet odor.
The rose gives off a sweet smell.
The rose has thorns only for those who want to touch it.
The rose is Theodore's.
The rose is Tom's.
The rose is a flower and the dove is a bird.
The rose is called the queen of flowers.
The rose is growing jealous of the lemon.
The rose is in my hand.
The rose is one of the first sent to be used in perfumery.
The rose is pink.
The rose is red, the violet's blue; The honey's sweet, and so are you. Thou are my love and I am thine; I drew thee to my Valentine. The lot was cast and then I drew; And Fortune said it shou'd be you.
The rose is the national flower of this country.
The rose speaks all the languages of the world.
The rose-garden no longer sees the knife of the pruner, but the trees grow and flower at their own sweet will, in careless disorder.
The roses are blooming early this year.
The roses are for Jessica.
The roses are in bloom in our garden.
The roses are in bloom.
The roses are in bud.
The roses are in full bloom.
The roses are now in full bloom.
The roses are ours.
The roses are red.
The roses are white.
The roses bloom in spring.
The roses gave off a nice smell.
The roses have a nice fragrance.
The roses in my garden are beautiful.
The roses in the flowerbed smell good.
The roses in the garden are blooming.
The roses in the garden are in flower.
The roses in the garden are in full bloom.
The roses in the garden smell sweet.
The roses on exhibition are grouped together by colors.
The roses out on the roof were in full bloom, and peeped in at the window; and there stood the little chairs, on which they had sat when children; and Kay and Gerda seated themselves each on their own chair, and held each other by the hand, while the cold empty grandeur of the Snow Queen's palace vanished from their memories like a painful dream.
The roses smell good.
The roses smell nice.
The roses sometimes grow wild.
The roses that you gave me are very beautiful.
The roses were fragrant.
The roses were from Sami.
The roses were from Tom.
The roses were in full bloom in the botanical garden.
The roses, dahlias and daisies are in full bloom at the home of 19th-century artist Claude Monet.
The rota for the next week had not been released yet.
The rota gave information for where everyone was to work on the day.
The rotten apple injures its neighbors.
The rotting food in the garbage can smelled really bad.
The rotting leaves produced large quantities of hydrogen sulfide, a toxic gas.
The rotting shanty town was not too distant from the grandiose temples of serpentine.
The rough material hurt the child's tender skin.
The rough material hurt the child’s tender skin.
The rough pumice can abrade the skin.
The rough terrain checked the progress of the hikers.
The rough-and-tumble work in Afghanistan, coming on the top of a natural Bohemianism of disposition, has made me rather more lax than befits a medical man. But with me there is a limit, and when I find a man who keeps his cigars in the coal-scuttle, his tobacco in the toe end of a Persian slipper, and his unanswered correspondence transfixed by a jack-knife into the very centre of his wooden mantelpiece, then I begin to give myself virtuous airs.
The roulette is not only about luck.
The round one has to go inside the square one.
The round table is covered by a checkered tablecloth.
The round table was covered by a checkered tablecloth.
The round thing has to go inside the square one.
The route Santiago took led back to Melissa's house.
The route is blocked due to a leak in a sewer pipe.
The route is cordoned off.
The route is often dusty, there are no shoulders or bicycle lanes on any section of the Denali Park Road, sightlines are often poor, and cyclists will encounter frequent bus, private vehicle, RV, and heavy equipment traffic on both the paved and gravel sections of roadway.
The route was blocked by a tree.
The routine has changed.
The rover lumbered across the dusty red plain on Mars.
The rover lumbered on the lonely sulfurous ground of the volcanic moon Io.
The rover will characterize the planet’s geology and past climate and be the first mission to collect and cache Martian rock and regolith, paving the way for human exploration of the Red Planet.
The rovers were designed to last a minimum of 90 days on the Martian surface.
The rovers, named Spirit and Opportunity, landed on the Martian surface approximately three weeks apart in January, 2004.
The rover’s robotic arm carries several other instruments that will be helpful in revealing what secrets the rocks might hold. When scientists find a particularly interesting item, they can reach out and use the arm’s abrader to grind and flatten its surface, revealing its underlying structure and composition.
The row of cherry blossom trees planted along the river was very beautiful.
The row was completely empty.
The rowan tree is sometimes known as the mountain ash tree.
The rower blames his oar.
The rowing boat drifted away from the bank.
The rows of houses are divided by a street.
The royal banquet was a feast for the senses.
The royal banquet was a lavish affair.
The royal carriage arrived precisely at noon.
The royal carriage was drawn by four white horses.
The royal court was abuzz with excitement.
The royal crest was embroidered on every flag.
The royal crest was embroidered onto every flag.
The royal crypt was pilfered by grave robbers long ago.
The royal emblem was engraved upon the invitation.
The royal family dined in silence.
The royal family gathered for the annual ball.
The royal family gathered for the annual portrait.
The royal family greeted their guests with grace.
The royal family lives in the Imperial Palace.
The royal family lives in the Royal House.
The royal family prepared for the evening’s festivities.
The royal family welcomed their esteemed guests.
The royal gardens were in full bloom for the celebration.
The royal gardens were in full bloom.
The royal hall echoed with laughter as the feasters toasted to the king’s health.
The royal jewels are kept under lock and key.
The royal jewels gleamed under the chandelier’s light.
The royal navy of England hath ever been its greatest defense and ornament; it is its ancient and natural strength; the floating bulwark of our island.
The royal orchestra began to play a waltz.
The royal palace was built on a hill.
The royal procession moved through the grand hall with grace.
The royal procession passed through the palace gates.
The royal seal was pressed onto the parchment.
The royal wedding was a great spectacle.
The royal wedding was a magnificent occasion.
The royal who wasn’t supposed to become queen at all, sat on the throne for 70 years following the death in 1952 of her father, George VI, who himself assumed the throne only because of the abdication by his brother, King Edward VIII in 1936.
The rubber band broke with a vicious snap.
The rubber boots are impermeable.
The rubber gasket is worn out.
The rubber gloves are under the sink.
The rubber raft we were on started leaking air.
The rubber sutra neti strings I ordered from India have finally arrived.
The rubbing irritated my sensitive skin.
The rubbish dump stinks.
The rubbish has to go out today.
The ruckus woke Tom up.
The rudder at the back of the plane moves left and right to control the left or right movement of the plane.
The rudder isn't functioning right.
The rudder works to control the yaw of the plane.
The rude and arrogant son of the famous actor used to indulge in jibes at other people's expense.
The rug is very dirty.
The rug was covered with cat hair.
The rug was covered with dog hair.
The rugby ball is shaped something like an egg.
The rugged rover on Neptune's Triton travelled on a plateau of nitrogen ice.
The rugged surface may as well have been a loving embrace.
The rugged terrain made the troops' advance difficult.
The rugs are a good match for the curtains.
The ruined castle is now under restoration.
The ruins are truly magnificent.
The ruins are worth a visit.
The ruins are worth seeing.
The ruins are worth visiting.
The rule allows for a few exceptions.
The rule does not apply in our case.
The rule does not apply to his case.
The rule doesn't apply in this case.
The rule doesn't hold well in our case.
The rule doesn’t apply in this case.
The rule doesn’t hold well in our case.
The rule holds good in this case.
The rule is I before E except after C, but that rule should really be taken lightly.
The rule is to not let any foreigners in.
The rule is utterly inflexible.
The rule of the road must be strictly observed.
The rule of thumb is that whatever functionality does not currently exist will either take a very long time to be implemented or never appear. The number of developers is small, the number of things that need to be fixed is huge, and the number of divergent opinions on the advisability of any particular measure is also large, meaning that discussion will take a long time and often not lead to a result.
The rule only applies to foreigners.
The rule reads in two ways.
The rule requires that theses be written in English.
The rule should be revised.
The rule was correctly applied.
The rule was later changed to require helmets at all times.
The rule was violated and the goal was not counted.
The rule would reduce manufacturing and importation of HFCs by 85% over 15 years. In 2036 alone, the final year of the phaseout, the EPA estimated that the rule would avoid emissions equivalent to one-seventh of the entire U.S. vehicle fleet.
The ruler is broken.
The ruler is short.
The ruler is thirty centimeters long.
The ruler is thirty centimetres long.
The ruler is under the book.
The ruler was overthrown and banished from the country.
The rulers are more afraid of peace than war.
The rules apply to everyone.
The rules are about to change.
The rules are absurd.
The rules are as follows.
The rules are clear.
The rules are fairly complicated.
The rules are quite strict.
The rules are simple.
The rules are simple: Film yourself doing 10 or more pushups and tag as many people as you want to challenge them to do the same.
The rules are strict. Cheating will not be tolerated.
The rules are the same for everyone.
The rules are very clear.
The rules are very simple.
The rules are very strict.
The rules aren't important.
The rules don't change.
The rules drivers should keep are as follows.
The rules drivers should obey are the following.
The rules established by the company are very strict.
The rules exist for a good reason.
The rules for your department don't apply to the entire company.
The rules have been changed.
The rules have broken themselves.
The rules have changed.
The rules haven't changed.
The rules make the Green Pass a requirement to eat in restaurants and bars and for outdoor sports events and museums, movie theaters, gyms, fairs and meetings.
The rules must be few and, more importantly, simple.
The rules must be few, and more importantly, simple.
The rules must be few, and what is more important, simple.
The rules need to be relaxed.
The rules now under review require an average of 54.5 miles per gallon (23 kilometers per liter) from an automaker's entire fleet by 2025.
The rules of evidence are the same as civil.
The rules of grammar and spelling have to be broken in order for a language to evolve.
The rules of logic are to mathematics what those of structure are to architecture.
The rules of punctuation change from one language to another.
The rules of the game have changed.
The rules of the house are everywhere.
The rules of this game are simple.
The rules require us all to be present.
The rules should be changed.
The rules should be followed.
The rules should be more established.
The rules were changed after that.
The rules were overstepped one step at a time for too long until war finally broke out.
The rules were quite strict.
The rules were recently relaxed.
The rules were utterly draconian.
The rules were very clear.
The rules were very strict.
The rules were violated and the goal was not counted.
The rules were you guys weren't going to fact check.
The ruling can still be appealed.
The ruling class employs a variety of means to maintain their hegemony.
The ruling class has figured out that a happy and productive population with free time on their hands is a danger.
The ruling class will not surrender its power.
The ruling party has secured 50 seats as of 5 o'clock.
The ruling party has secured 50 seats as of 5 o’clock.
The ruling party is running a smear campaign against the opposition.
The ruling party pushed its tax bill through.
The ruling sets a precedent.
The rumbling sound never stopped.
The rumbling sound was getting closer.
The rummage sale netted me a profit.
The rumor about Tom isn't true, but it is in line with many of his preoccupations.
The rumor became common property.
The rumor can't be true.
The rumor cannot be true.
The rumor cannot have been true.
The rumor can’t be true.
The rumor disappeared right away.
The rumor had no foundation in fact.
The rumor has no foundation.
The rumor has spread throughout the whole village.
The rumor is abroad throughout the town.
The rumor is believed to be true.
The rumor is false.
The rumor is going around that the actress is going to get a divorce.
The rumor is not true as far as I know.
The rumor is only too true.
The rumor is that they're going to Australia.
The rumor is true to some extent.
The rumor is true.
The rumor isn't groundless.
The rumor isn't true as far as I know.
The rumor isn't true.
The rumor isn’t true.
The rumor may be true.
The rumor may or may not be true.
The rumor may well be true.
The rumor must be true.
The rumor of her death turned out false.
The rumor proved to be an absolute lie.
The rumor proved to be true.
The rumor proved true.
The rumor quickly spread.
The rumor seems to be groundless.
The rumor seems true.
The rumor soon spread.
The rumor soon went about.
The rumor spread all over the town.
The rumor spread all over town.
The rumor spread far and wide.
The rumor spread immediately.
The rumor spread like wildfire.
The rumor spread quickly.
The rumor spread through town.
The rumor spread throughout the country.
The rumor that Tom and Mary have broken up seems to be true.
The rumor that Tom ate my cat isn't true.
The rumor that she's getting married is spreading around town.
The rumor that she’s getting married is spreading around town.
The rumor that they would get married spread at once.
The rumor turned out false.
The rumor turned out to be false.
The rumor turned out to be groundless.
The rumor turned out to be only too true.
The rumor turned out to be true.
The rumor turned out true.
The rumor ultimately turned out to be false.
The rumor was baseless.
The rumor was completely without foundation.
The rumor was not based on facts.
The rumor was nothing to him.
The rumor was without foundation.
The rumor wasn't based on facts.
The rumor went viral around Mennad's school.
The rumor worked to his disadvantage.
The rumor's all over town.
The rumor, after all, turned out untrue.
The rumors about their divorce are getting around.
The rumors are true.
The rumors are unfounded.
The rumors aren't likely to die down anytime soon.
The rumors became reality.
The rumors spread quickly.
The rumors spread soon abroad.
The rumors were false.
The rumors were true.
The rumors were unfounded, but gossip can easily feed the flames of distrust.
The rumors were unfounded.
The rumors will likely die down soon.
The rumour can't be true.
The rumour could be true.
The rumour has already spread.
The rumour is circulating.
The rumour is going round.
The rumour isn't true.
The rumour proved false.
The rumour proved to be an audacious lie.
The rumour proved to be true.
The rumour quickly spread.
The rumour should be taken with a pinch of salt.
The rumour spread all over town.
The rumour spread like wildfire through the town.
The rumour spread through the town like wildfire.
The rumour turned out to be a whopping lie.
The rumour turned out to be false.
The rumour turned out to be true.
The rumour ultimately turned out to be false.
The rumours proved to be true.
The rumours spread quickly.
The rumours turned out to be true.
The rumours were false.
The rumours were true.
The rumours were unfounded.
The run up the river can be exhausting for salmon.
The rungs of the ladder were reportedly replaced with dull knives in order to train one's fortitude.
The runner achieved an impressive time.
The runner collapsed as he reached the finish line. Had he reached the limits of the human body?
The runner got a good start.
The runner got an impressive time.
The runner had reached the halfway mark.
The runner has firm muscles.
The runner is running on the track.
The runner jumped over the hole in the ground.
The runner sprinted on the last lap.
The runner stole third base.
The runner was called out at third.
The runner was gasping for breath.
The runner-up was given an honorable mention.
The runners poured water over their heads.
The runners rounded the corner into the homestretch.
The runners took their places on the starting line.
The runners were jumping in place.
The runoff ended up infiltrating into the permeable soil.
The runologist couldn't figure out what the final rune was meant to symbolize.
The runs of Copper River salmon were so low that the Alaska Department of Fish and Game shut down the commercial harvest last month, halting what is usually a three-month season after less than two weeks.
The runup to Saturday's vote saw both the prime minister and the leader of the Congress Party swing through the state in a high-decibel campaign.
The runway seems way too short for this type of plane.
The rural exodus depopulated entire villages in this region of Germany.
The rural population subsists primarily on nomadic herding.
The rush of adrenaline as I bungee jumped off the bridge was exhilarating.
The rust is eating away the iron.
The rust won't stop.
The rusted padlock fell away at her touch.
The rustic youth was as yet ignorant of the wiles of love.
The rustlers have been stealing your cattle and a lot of other people’s for a long time, haven’t they?
The rustling became louder.
The rustling continued.
The rustling got louder and closer.
The rustling of leaves beneath Gustavo's feet echoed his presence in the otherwise silent woods.
The rustling stopped.
The rustling was closer than ever.
The rusty door turned on the hinges.
The rusty-spotted cat is the smallest feline in the world.
The rutabaga is delicious!
The ruthlessness of the mission provoked a scandal in Paris.
The rōnin attained their long-cherished ambition.
The sacred ceremony was held in the magnificent temple.
The sacred ritual took place after being postponed twice.
The sacred tree sits in the middle of the sacred grove.
The sacrifice was seen as a way of sanctifying the act.
The sacrificed newborn doesn't fear the tiger.
The sad news took away his appetite.
The sad part is that nobody will ever know.
The sad story came home to her.
The sad story made my heart ache.
The sad story moved us to tears.
The sad tone of his speculations about the universe and human destiny gave an impression of mournfulness to his lines, but this rather deepened the pathos of his work.
The sad truth is that most evil is done by people who never make up their minds to be good or evil.
The sad, or maybe not sad, thing is that this world will go on even after you die. This world will not end itself on the account of you ending.
The saddest part of the story remains to be told.
The saddest period he lived through was precisely the one in which he produced the most.
The saddest thing in life is that you have to commit good actions to prove that you deserve respect, but it's enough to make one little mistake to prove that you're good-for-nothing.
The sadness becomes a familiar friend, wrapping itself around me like a heavy blanket.
The sadness continues to linger, urging me to find a way to heal.
The sadness lingers like a cloud, blocking out any joy from my heart.
The sadness will go away.
The safari guide took us to an area where we could see giraffes.
The safe is closed.
The safe is empty.
The safe is open and empty.
The safe is open.
The safe was so heavy.
The safe's already open.
The safeguard of the state shall be the supreme law.
The safer Jews are in the Diaspora, the less of a need they will feel for Israel.
The safest answer is yes.
The safest method is to use a filter.
The safest thing to do is just wait.
The safety card in the seat pocket contains the same information as the following safety demonstration.
The safety demonstration began.
The safety demonstration is taking place outside.
The safety demonstration is underway.
The safety of our passengers is our top priority.
The sag of that bag makes it unappealing to wear.
The sagacious serpent told the silly unicorn what to do.
The sage grouse, a gray and brown bird the size of a large chicken, is diminishing in number and may end up on the U.S. "endangered species" list.
The sage is free from all prejudice.
The sage says you should not saw off the branch you are sitting on.
The sages of the Talmud were not overly fond of the Maccabees.
The saguaro is a race of cactus.
The saguaro is the most amazing cactus. It can live well over 100 years and produces edible fruit.
The saguaro was at least 20 feet tall.
The sail tightened in the strong wind.
The sail won't open fully.
The sailing ship dropped anchor in the bay.
The sailing ship is a three-master.
The sailor climbed the ratlines to reach the mast.
The sailor fears a shipwreck.
The sailor plumbed the shallow water with a weighted rope, and the ship's keel did not scrape the rocky sea-bed.
The sailor retired to his berth early.
The sailor threw the grappling iron onto the deck of the ship.
The sailors abandoned the burning ship.
The sailors are on deck.
The sailors are swabbing the deck.
The sailors danced on deck.
The sailors danced on the deck.
The sailors got drunk.
The sailors had pannikins of rum.
The sailors have unmoored the vessel from the dock, freed themselves from the land, to rejoin the sea.
The sailors perished in the sea.
The sailors sang merry songs.
The sailors saw how a giant tornado suddenly formed near them, and they started to row the other way in fear.
The sailors saw land.
The sailors scrubbed the deck.
The sailors were at the mercy of the weather.
The sailors were dancing on deck.
The sailors were sitting about the rigging, on the cross-trees, and at the mast-heads.
The sails fluttered in the wind.
The sails swelled in the wind and the ship skimmed lightly and almost without motion over the transparent sea.
The sails were crimson in the sunset.
The saints aid us by their intercession.
The saints judge the world.
The salad Benedito made was full of colorful veggies.
The salad at Benedito's restaurant is fresh and crisp.
The salad contained marijuana and then he realized he loved his new job.
The salad dressing Benedito uses is homemade.
The salad is in the fridge.
The salad is incomplete without olive oil, croutons and nuts.
The salad is made with oil and vinegar.
The salad is ready. All we need to do is to add salt and pepper.
The salad is very salty.
The salad needs a bit more olive oil.
The salad that Benedito made was outstanding.
The salamander is called queen of the water because it camouflages itself and appears when the weather is raining; this is why the Kabyle peasants wait for her to come out to begin plowing.
The salary is fixed according to age and experience.
The salary isn't enough for him to deal with even the running costs.
The salary of a teacher is lower than that of a lawyer.
The salary will be raised from April.
The salary will go up starting in April.
The salaryman proposed to the director's daughter, but he was rejected.
The salaryman took hot showers to his heart's content.
The salaryman went to live quietly in a remote area in order to atone for his sins.
The sale ends on Monday.
The sale of Nile Perch fish maw in Uganda has become a lucrative business, especially for distributors.
The sale of beer in Germany is decreasing continuously.
The sale of cigarettes should be banned.
The sale of cigarettes should be prohibited.
The sale of postage stamps to foreign collectors is an important source of revenue.
The sale of tickets can take place either with numbered seats or without numbered seats.
The sale prices are written in red ink.
The sale will be over in two days.
The sales are slipping.
The sales assistant helped me to select an excellent moisturizer for my face.
The sales assistant replied that the jumper would not shrink in the wash.
The sales assistant showed me a lot of ties, but I didn't like any of them.
The sales assistant showed me a lot of ties, but there wasn't one I liked.
The sales assistants don't have to work today.
The sales assistants haven't got to work today.
The sales assistants in this shop are very unfriendly.
The sales assistants were all very nice.
The sales clerks in this place follow you around like they think you're a shoplifter until you want to get something or need help, then they're nowhere to be found.
The sales did not meet the company's expectations.
The sales didn't amount to anything.
The sales didn’t amount to anything.
The sales figures for this book are still comparatively low.
The sales floor was relatively uncrowded.
The sales girl waited on me.
The sales in Japan are small in comparison with those in Europe.
The sales manager is a very likable woman.
The sales manager is a very likeable woman.
The sales of the company's No. 1 product fell by 4.5% last year.
The sales of this model took off.
The sales pitch didn't go well.
The sales plan allows of no alteration.
The sales tax isn't included.
The sales went up.
The salesclerk will come to help you right away.
The salesgirl couldn't open the cash register.
The salesgirl is nice.
The salesgirl wrapped the gift for me.
The salesman claimed the windshield was unbreakable, testing it with a punch that went straight through it.
The salesman demonstrated how to use it.
The salesman demonstrated how to use the machine.
The salesman demonstrated how to use the mincer.
The salesman gave me a big discount.
The salesman gave me a discount on the car.
The salesman gave me a good deal.
The salesman gave two tickets to each player.
The salesman learned to be punctual for appointments.
The salesman made some exaggerated claims in order to sell his product.
The salesman sold the article at an unreasonable price.
The salesman talked my parents into buying a set of encyclopedias.
The salesman was insistent to the end.
The salesman was like the rest of them, untrustworthy.
The salesman was trying to pressure Tom into buying something he didn't want, so Tom left the store.
The salesman weighs the cheese on a copper scale.
The salesman's name is Tom.
The salespeople have to visit the customers.
The salespeople often overcharge me.
The salesperson assisted customers all day long at the store.
The salesperson persuaded her to buy the dress.
The saleswoman queried as she wrapped the gloves.
The saleswoman replied that the jumper wouldn't shrink in the wash.
The salmon at Benedito's restaurant is flaky and moist.
The salmon swim upstream to their spawning grounds.
The salmon was seasoned with ramsons and lemongrass.
The salmon was seasoned with wild garlic and lemongrass.
The salmonella bacteria are directly associated with the turtles.
The saloon doors swung open.
The salt I added to the pasta was pink.
The salt cellar is on the table.
The salt cellar was on the table.
The salt cellar will be on the table.
The salt is in the fridge.
The salt is in the salt shaker.
The salt lamp shines beautifully. It emanates soothing, orange light.
The salt ran out.
The salt water rusts cars and kills greenery.
The salt you put in the soup is white, not pink.
The salt, if you please.
The salt, please.
The saltiest water in the world is found in Antarctica in a small lake named Don Juan Pond.
The saltiness of the feta cheese in Benedito's salad is a great contrast to the sweetness of the fruit.
The salts and minerals found in these mountains are quite diverse.
The salts of sulfuric acid are called sulfates.
The saltwater mist is destroying this machinery.
The salvation of the human race starts with the family.
The same God who gives life and gives death is the God who makes life fight against death.
The same activities every day are tiresome.
The same applies here.
The same applies there.
The same applies to animals.
The same applies to my class.
The same argument is playing out again.
The same as always.
The same as usual.
The same can be said of many other persons.
The same cast always appears in this director's films.
The same cause does not always give rise to the same effect.
The same cause often gives rise to different effects.
The same could be said of many others.
The same debate took place in 2000.
The same energy of character which renders a man a daring villain would have rendered him useful to society, had that society been well organized.
The same event can trigger different reactions from different people.
The same explanation is true of that case.
The same family has ruled Brunei for over six centuries.
The same finger you lick to clean your plate can also be used for the cooking pots.
The same for me.
The same force spread over a smaller area will produce more pressure.
The same goes for Tom.
The same goes for animals.
The same goes for me.
The same goes for you.
The same group of actors always appears in this director's films.
The same guy next to you has been living in Holland for three years.
The same half-finished painting sat on the artist's easel for years.
The same holds good of us students.
The same holds true for Germany.
The same holds true for Tom.
The same idea may be said in a variety of ways.
The same informant tells me that on the façade of a large temple in Orissa are bas-reliefs, representing both men and women, alone, masturbating, and also women masturbating men.
The same is true for all human beings.
The same is true of Japan.
The same is true of all human beings.
The same is true of professional baseball.
The same is true of the nation.
The same kind of semipermeable membrane that surrounds our cells can form spontaneously from the right mix of phospholipids in water.
The same kind of thing happens in Australia.
The same law shall be to him that is born in the land, and to the proselyte that sojourneth with you.
The same licensed nurse-midwife will attend her, bringing along the emergency equipment of a paramedic, just in case. Although most problems in labor are detected in plenty of time, several top hospitals are only a few minutes away, Jacobs noted. Ten percent of planned home births do end up in the hospital, usually because labor has failed to progress. But if all goes well, Jacobs will have a peaceful, unmedicated birth — with no high-tech monitoring, surgery or drug-induced labor.
The same line is repeated in each stanza.
The same line is repeated in each verse.
The same locution could have a different illocutionary force in different contexts.
The same man came again.
The same man that came yesterday is here again.
The same man who tells you that he does not want to see the government interfere in business—and he means it, and has plenty of good reasons for saying so—is the first to go to Washington and ask the government for a prohibitory tariff on his product.
The same may be said of other people.
The same noise started at the front door.
The same old bands are playing over and over again on the radio.
The same old problem.
The same people trying to ban trans healthcare are also trying to ban abortion healthcare.
The same people trying to ban trans people are also trying to relegate women back into subservient positions as uncompensated homemakers.
The same people who falsely accuse immigrants of spreading disease are arguing for their own inalienable right to spread disease.
The same people who think a 10-year-old is too young to socially transition into a different gender also think a 10-year-old is old enough to be forced to carry a baby to term.
The same phenomenon has been observed.
The same problem has perplexed me.
The same rocket technology that delivers nuclear warheads has also taken us peacefully into space. From that perspective, we see our Earth as it really is—a small and fragile and beautiful blue globe, the only home we have.
The same rule applies to going for a journey.
The same scenario played out twice in a row.
The same sentence could have the force of a command.
The same sign may be interpreted differently by different people or different cultures.
The same solution was drunk for mouth bleeding and gargled as a remedy for tonsillitis and sore throats; vapor from this solution was inhaled for nose bleeding.
The same sounds OK!
The same sounds well!
The same speech again.
The same thing almost happened to me.
The same thing always happen to me.
The same thing applies to me.
The same thing began to happen again.
The same thing could be said about many other people.
The same thing could've happened to me.
The same thing could've happened to us.
The same thing could've happened to you.
The same thing happened Monday.
The same thing happened again today.
The same thing happened at dawn.
The same thing happened here last year.
The same thing happened in 2013.
The same thing happened in Australia.
The same thing happened in Boston.
The same thing happened in the Algerian government.
The same thing happened on Monday.
The same thing happened three years ago in Australia.
The same thing happened three years ago in Boston.
The same thing happened to Tom.
The same thing happened to Ziri.
The same thing happened to him as to me!
The same thing happened to me on my first day here.
The same thing happened to me once.
The same thing happened to me.
The same thing happened to us once.
The same thing happened to us.
The same thing happened to you as to Mr Bean when the magician called him.
The same thing happened to you, didn't it?
The same thing happens every time.
The same thing happens every year.
The same thing holds good for the younger generation.
The same thing is happening again.
The same thing is happening here in Australia.
The same thing is happening here in Boston.
The same thing must have happened to Tom.
The same thing must've happened to Tom.
The same thought crossed my mind.
The same to you.
The same word can mean different things to different people: "headshot" doesn't mean the same thing to actors and video game players.
The sameness of my days is wearing me out.
The sample is not pure enough.
The sample isn't pure enough.
The samples must be kept at a regulated temperature.
The samples were collected from two hundred medical institutions all over the world.
The samurai decapitated his opponent in one fell swoop.
The samurai drew his sword.
The samurais took turns to attack Ziri.
The sanctions were good for Iran because they helped it strengthen various economic sectors.
The sanctity of this place has been fouled.
The sanctity of this space is absolute.
The sanctuary is before; and the thief, behind.
The sand cat is a rare animal that lives in the desert.
The sand is burning hot.
The sand is made up of organic materials built from carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen and oxygen, completely unlike what you’d find on any beach on Earth.
The sand is really hot.
The sand is warm.
The sand is yellow, and also the sun is yellow. The sand and the sun are yellow.
The sand lizard digs burrows for shelter, both for night-time refuge and for hibernation.
The sand on the beach is scalding.
The sand on the beach is very hot.
The sand on the beach was white.
The sand was so hot that it burned our feet.
The sand was warm.
The sandpit has a slide, a swing, a see-saw, and nothing else.
The sands are running out.
The sandstorm ended and we regained visibility.
The sandwich can wait.
The sandwich is hot and fresh.
The sandwich is moldy.
The sandwich was too big.
The sandwich will contain cheese.
The sandwiches are made right in front of you.
The sandwiches that you made were delicious.
The sandwiches were awful.
The sandwiches were delicious.
The sandwiches you made were delicious.
The sandy beach was white.
The sanitary measures taken were completely ineffective.
The sapling became a tree.
The sapphire, azure gem that emulates heaven's loftly arch, shall gleam, and softly there the verdant emerald shed its greenest light, and fiery carbuncle flash forth its rosy rays from the pure gold.
The sarcophagus contained the remains of Antonio.
The sardines formed into a large school.
The satellite came flying over Hanoi.
The satellite dish no longer works.
The satellite is at its apogee.
The satellite is in orbit around the moon.
The satellite is now in orbit.
The satellite launch was broadcast live.
The satellite made 10 orbits of the earth.
The satellite transmission lags around six seconds.
The satellite was launched into orbit.
The sauce got burnt and stuck to the bottom of the pan.
The sauce is almost ready. Only now do we add parsley and basil to it.
The sauce is delicious!
The sauce is still hot.
The sauce needs more chili.
The sauce should simmer, but not boil, for at least 30 minutes to thicken.
The sausage got burnt.
The sausage is a little dry.
The sausage is too fat.
The sausage sat long on the grill, and got burned.
The sausage tasted good.
The sausage tastes good.
The sausage was delicious.
The sausage was good.
The sausages must be burnt by now!
The sausages sizzled in the frying pan and smelt delicious.
The savage in man is never quite eradicated.
The savage life is so simple, and our societies are such complex machinery!
The savage robbed me of my precious jewels and ran away.
The savanna is also the habitat of lions and leopards.
The savannahs of East Africa are home to several important breeding grounds for large herbivores.
The saved game appears to be damaged and cannot be used. Please quit the game and then restart after removing the save data.
The savings are completely exhausted.
The savings box that was that heavy can now be lifted easily with one hand.
The sawhorse supported the wooden plank.
The sawyer brought some timber over to the cooper's shop, but the cooper is still waiting on the hooper. The chandler is doing fine, though.
The saying goes "I'll believe it when I see it".
The saying goes: to turn a new leaf is priceless. The saying also goes: a dog can't change their habits of eating shit!
The saying is quite familiar to us.
The saying reminds us that although pain may linger, time can bring comfort and healing.
The saying suggests that with the passing of time, emotional wounds become less painful and distressing.
The saying that beauty is but skin deep is but a skin-deep saying.
The sayings of Confucius are famous.
The scabies mite burrows in skin.
The scaffolding Tom built collapsed.
The scaffolding fell because of the wind.
The scaffolding that Tom built collapsed.
The scaffolding that Tom had built collapsed.
The scalded cat fears cold water.
The scale model of the architect's plans sat at the center of the conference room.
The scale of crimes committed by them is enormous.
The scale of crimes that they have committed is enormous.
The scale seems to be off by two pounds.
The scales began to peel off.
The scales fell from his eyes, and he finally saw the truth.
The scales have fallen from my eyes.
The scales of this fish shine with the light.
The scales tipped in his disfavour.
The scallops at Benedito's restaurant are seared to perfection.
The scalpel was extremely sharp.
The scam cost Leonid four million dinars.
The scammers demanded more money.
The scandal could lead to the firing of some senior officials.
The scandal destroyed Tom's credibility.
The scandal detracted from his reputation.
The scandal effectively ended Tom's career as a public servant, so he decided to become a political analyst.
The scandal harmed your reputation.
The scandal has badly damaged his clean image.
The scandal hurt the company's reputation.
The scandal hurt the company’s reputation.
The scandal nearly wrecked her career.
The scandal robbed him of a chance to become President.
The scandal ruined her career.
The scandal ruined his career.
The scandal separated him from his friend.
The scandal threatened to besmirch the company's image.
The scandal traveled like wild fire.
The scandal was an obstacle to his career.
The scandal was an obstacle to his promotion.
The scandal was fatal to his political future.
The scandal was generated not only through the choice translating the panels to the usual English or French, but also in Romanian, Albanian and Arabic.
The scandal was just a sideshow for the real disaster.
The scandal was quickly swept under the rug.
The scanner is separated into reading head and decoder base.
The scar is healing.
The scar isn't really visible.
The scar on her forehead stands out.
The scar on his cheek hardly shows now.
The scar on his forehead is conspicuous.
The scar on his forehead really stands out.
The scar on your chin isn't all that noticeable.
The scar on your chin isn't at all noticeable.
The scar shows clearly.
The scarcity of data makes it difficult to quantify pastoralism's contribution to ecosystem and wildlife services.
The scarcity of some items in supermarkets has raised concerns about the food supply.
The scarecrow in the backyard fell over during the hurricane.
The scared cat is hiding under the car.
The scarf is in the closet.
The scarf is in the wardrobe.
The scarf is on sale.
The scarf shimmered with various colors of the rainbow.
The scariest thing in life is uncertainty.
The scarred man presented a warm smile.
The scars are barely visible.
The scars of your love remind me of us.
The scary thing is that Ziri believes that.
The scattered use of sound effects resembling wailing and groaning creates an eerie, uncomfortable sensation.
The scenario doesn't seem promising.
The scene almost broke my heart.
The scene at the blacksmith's was cut from the film.
The scene at the blacksmith's was cut out of the film.
The scene at the forge was cut from the film.
The scene at the forge was cut out of the film.
The scene at the smithy was cut from the film.
The scene at the smithy was cut out of the film.
The scene before me was very beautiful.
The scene brought her words home to him.
The scene brought out the mother in her.
The scene from the hotel was very beautiful.
The scene impressed itself on my memory.
The scene is always the same.
The scene lying before us was very beautiful.
The scene made my blood chill.
The scene made my stomach turn.
The scene of the car accident was a horrifying sight.
The scene of the murder was too terrible to describe.
The scene of the traffic accident was a horrible sight.
The scene shifted to Chicago.
The scene transitioned to Gunter and Rima sitting on a bench at the park.
The scene was a tiny mountain village in a remote section of West Virginia.
The scene was burned into my memory.
The scene was clearly printed in my memory.
The scene was embedded in his memory.
The scene was filmed in Algeria.
The scene was one of utter devastation.
The scene was quite touching.
The scene was really amazing.
The scene was shown in slow motion.
The scene went dark.
The scene would awe and terrify anyone.
The sceneries of Australian deserts are beautiful.
The scenery about here is very beautiful.
The scenery around here is very beautiful.
The scenery at the plantation is so delightful!
The scenery at this mountain is very beautiful.
The scenery carried me back to my younger days.
The scenery diverted the driver's attention from the road.
The scenery diverted the driver’s attention from the road.
The scenery is beautiful and my mind is peaceful.
The scenery is beautiful beyond description.
The scenery is beautiful.
The scenery is breathtaking.
The scenery is nice, and the food is good. The only problem is the people.
The scenery is really splendid.
The scenery of Basutoland is rugged and grand, with a beauty quite its own, and unlike any other part of South Africa I have seen.
The scenery of the Alps left a lasting impression on me.
The scenery of the city reminded me of London.
The scenery there was breathtaking.
The scenery was beautiful beyond description.
The scenery was beyond description.
The scenery was breathtaking.
The scenery was stunning.
The scenery was too beautiful for words.
The scenery's supposed to be breathtaking.
The scenery’s supposed to be breathtaking.
The scenes that are unravelling here are like we are emerging from a war, he says.
The scenic drive along the Jijel corniche offered breathtaking views.
The scent of burning firewood filled the air with a comforting aroma.
The scent of burning juniper filled the temple.
The scent of cedar repels moths.
The scent of earth after rain is called petrichor.
The scent of flowers almost makes me drunk.
The scent of flowers filled our home.
The scent of fresh rain lingered in the air after the storm.
The scent of freshly baked bread filled the air.
The scent of her perfume lingered in the air.
The scent of lilacs is pervading the garden.
The scent of musk is one of the best smells there is.
The scent of pine filled the air as Gustavo ventured deeper into the woods.
The scent of pine filled the air as they hiked through the woods.
The scent of pine filled the air in the dense forest.
The scent of pine needles perfumed the forest air.
The scent of rain was refreshing.
The scent of roses filled the garden with fragrance.
The scent of stock flowers permeated the gazebo.
The scent of tobacco cologne brought back memories of Tom's visits to his grandfather's.
The scent of vanilla still lingers from past birthday cakes.
The sceptic is a person that does not suspect anything.
The scepticism is not entirely unwarranted: many journalists have warned that the government is not being entirely truthful.
The sceptre shall not be taken away from Juda, nor a ruler from his thigh, till he come that is to be sent, and he shall be the expectation of nations.
The schedule dictates that this work be done by the weekend.
The schedule has been changed.
The schedule has been revised.
The schedule is only slightly affected by this delay.
The schedule must be maintained.
The schedule was printed on pink paper.
The schedule's fine as long as nothing clashes.
The schedule’s fine as long as nothing clashes.
The scholar carried on his lifework.
The scholar carried out his lifework at the age of seventy.
The scholar is an authority on fiscal policy.
The scholar of Toki Pona consults the official book many times.
The scholar regards so-called compulsory education as useless.
The scholar spent what little money he had on books.
The scholars consult the Toki Pona book.
The scholars quarrel, and the case lies still unsolved in the hands of the judge.
The scholarship enable her to go to college.
The scholarship enabled her to go to university.
The scholarship enabled her to study abroad.
The scholarship enabled him to study abroad.
The scholarship gave me a chance to continue my studies.
The scholarship made it possible for him to continue his education.
The scholarship made it possible for me to continue my studies.
The school I go to burnt down yesterday.
The school Tom and Mary go to has a pool.
The school Tom and Mary go to is looking for a new French teacher.
The school Tom goes to has a pool.
The school Tom goes to is looking for a new French teacher.
The school Tom goes to isn't far from his house.
The school a person went to is of no importance.
The school administration blamed Tom.
The school admitted Tom.
The school adopted the new method of teaching English.
The school announced last year that it would sell all its investments related to fossil fuel companies.
The school authorities started to take action at their request.
The school awarded Mary a prize.
The school banned fidget spinners.
The school bell rings and the day begins.
The school boasts a fine swimming pool.
The school building came into view.
The school building is still there.
The school building was a blaze of light in the evening darkness.
The school built five classrooms in the basements.
The school bus broke down.
The school bus could not run.
The school bus pulled up in front of the school and the students started getting on.
The school called today.
The school cannot afford to award more students.
The school caretaker was a very tall man.
The school changed location several times over the years.
The school charges ten cents per photocopy.
The school closed because of a bomb threat.
The school closed due to a bomb threat.
The school custodian cleans the gym in the evening.
The school custodian discovered a homeless man living in the basement of the school.
The school dance was being held in a grand hotel.
The school day is longer in France than in Germany.
The school day was cut short.
The school didn't take place today.
The school does not allow students to smoke on campus.
The school doesn't allow students to smoke on campus.
The school drains the pond once per month.
The school drains the pool once a month.
The school expelled her.
The school expelled him.
The school furniture is made of two types of wood - cherry and beech.
The school gate is closed.
The school gave us textbooks.
The school grew steadily over the years.
The school grounds extend as far as this fence.
The school gymnasium was enlarged.
The school had a good reputation.
The school had to be torn down.
The school halls were filled with students rushing to get to class on time.
The school has a dress code.
The school has a library.
The school has no library.
The school has turned out many inventors.
The school honored the students' parents on the first day of class.
The school is a five-minute walk from here.
The school is a half-mile walk from my house.
The school is accredited.
The school is across from our house.
The school is across the street from my house.
The school is closed because of the snow.
The school is closed due to snow.
The school is closed due to the snow.
The school is closed during summer.
The school is closed during the holidays.
The school is closed for the holidays.
The school is closed.
The school is considering disciplinary action.
The school is crying out for good teachers.
The school is divided into four houses which compete against each other for points.
The school is equipped with four computers.
The school is farther away than the station.
The school is farther than the station.
The school is five kilometers from my home.
The school is further away than the station.
The school is further than the train station.
The school is going into lockdown.
The school is going on lockdown.
The school is haunted by some spirit of an old woman.
The school is keeping me occupied.
The school is located at the foot of a hill.
The school is located five kilometers from the house.
The school is located on a hill.
The school is located within five minutes' walk of the station.
The school is located within five minutes’ walk of the station.
The school is near my house.
The school is near the mosque.
The school is near the synagogue.
The school is near the temple.
The school is on a hill.
The school is on the hill.
The school is on top of the hill.
The school is only a five-minute walk away.
The school is only a five-minute walk.
The school is only five minutes' walk from here.
The school is only five minutes’ walk from here.
The school is situated in healthy surroundings.
The school is taking action.
The school is three miles from my house.
The school is two kilometers ahead.
The school is very far from here.
The school is within walking distance of my house.
The school janitor ate the frog in our classroom.
The school janitor walked into the classroom and started talking to the teacher.
The school lies in that direction.
The school looks like a prison.
The school made him smart.
The school needed a new teacher.
The school needs Ziri.
The school now has a basketball court.
The school of fish moves together.
The school of piranhas attacked the snake.
The school of platonic philosophy disregards the body.
The school offers a Bachelor of Applied Science in Architectural Carpentry, Architectural Stone, Classical Architecture, Blacksmithing, Masonry, Plasterwork and Timber Framing.
The school organizes trips to various places of interest.
The school party came around.
The school principal called Tom into his office.
The school principal suspended Tom for two days.
The school principal wanted to expel Ivan.
The school provided us with textbooks.
The school put on a nativity play.
The school received full accreditation.
The school reunion is on the Tuesday after next.
The school rules require students to wear school uniforms.
The school rules that students cannot smoke.
The school runs on our donations.
The school searched the students' lockers.
The school segregates boys and girls during overnight stays.
The school should do away with the uniform.
The school should do away with uniforms.
The school should do more to prevent personal property being stolen.
The school stands about one mile off.
The school supplied us with textbooks.
The school supplies the students with books.
The school system classifies children like an egg farm do eggs.
The school telltale reported Tom to the principal for smoking behind the gym.
The school that Tom goes to is by far the best one in this part of the country.
The school uniform is convenient because it can be worn for both informal and formal occasions.
The school used its computer lab funds ineffectively.
The school was built on a graveyard.
The school was closed because of the snow.
The school was closed due to the snow.
The school was completely different from what Michael had imagined.
The school was established in 1650.
The school was founded in the wake of Hurricane Hugo, which ripped through the southeastern coast of the United States in 1989.
The school was founded seventy years ago.
The school was going under a lockdown and that was not a drill.
The school was meticulously clean.
The school was over for the day.
The school was ranked tenth out of three hundred high schools statewide.
The school was rebuilt in exactly the same location.
The school was trying to keep the whole thing secret.
The school went under a lockdown.
The school will close at the end of the year because of a lack of pupils.
The school will provide tents for us.
The school will soon be closed because of the summer vacation.
The school will soon close because of summer vacation.
The school won't turn on the air conditioning, so the students are going to throw their hot water flasks off of the balcony in protest.
The school yard is shaded.
The school year begins on the 10th of April.
The school year ended.
The school year ends in June.
The school year is almost over.
The school year is finally over.
The school year is over.
The school year is starting soon.
The school year starts soon.
The school's accreditation was revoked.
The school's closure was due to the snow.
The school's compound was flooded by the recent storms.
The school's dress code prohibits dyeing your hair a non-natural color.
The school's financial statements are externally audited and made available to the public.
The school's gates open at 8 o'clock.
The school's governing body is Cologne City Council.
The school's lovely cherry blossoms drew a lot of residents to come and admire it.
The school's master's program is a one-year intensive study program.
The school's nonsectarian curriculum emphasized languages and history.
The school's principal is on the second floor.
The school's tallest structure is that water tower.
The schoolboys marched four abreast.
The schoolboys teased each other endlessly.
The schoolchildren are lucky, they are off school because of the heat.
The schoolgirls are excited to go back to the farm to see the lambs.
The schoolgirls are in class.
The schoolgirls are jumping rope on the playground.
The schoolhouse was burnt to ashes.
The schoolhouse's stone masonry had started to crack after years of weather damage.
The schoolroom was cold and smoky.
The schools are closed today because of the snow.
The schools are closed today.
The schoolyard was very small.
The sci-fi franchise Star Wars has intrigued me since childhood. Visions of a desert sky with two suns or of a noisy canteen full of different aliens have fascinated me.
The sci-fi movie Arrival explores the idea of outworlders with a radically different language to those of humans.
The sciatic nerve is the longest nerve in the human body.
The science behind climate change is not a hoax. The science behind COVID-19 is not partisan.
The science data formatter, as it's called, has a number of housekeeping functions, including preparing data collected by Hubble's instruments for transmission down to Earth.
The science fiction movie "Contact" was based on a book co-authored by Carl Sagan and his wife Ann Druyan.
The science fiction of yesterday is becoming today's reality.
The science fiction of yesterday is rapidly becoming today's reality.
The science is there, what's missing is the spark.
The science makes me sleepy.
The science of mensuration is vital for accurate measurement techniques.
The science on this is far from settled.
The science teacher gave Tom an A.
The scientific adviser doesn't share his student's optimism.
The scientific and technological revolution gave a powerful impetus to the development of avant-garde art.
The scientific films interest me.
The scientific method accounts for measurable uncertainties.
The scientific method is the best way we have for understanding the world around us.
The scientific name for mad cow disease is BSE.
The scientific name of dog is "Canis familiaris".
The scientific research was directed by French physicist Eric Dupont.
The scientific theory I like the best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost luggage.
The scientific truth of evolution is so overwhelmingly established, that it is virtually impossible to refute.
The scientificity of this research has been often disputed.
The scientist analyzed the data.
The scientist conducted experiments to purify contaminated water and make it safe for consumption.
The scientist conducted the experiment with great rigour to ensure accurate results.
The scientist explained the strange phenomena in the light of recent scientific knowledge.
The scientist found out laws.
The scientist found that rats treated with the chemical lost on average 30% of their weight.
The scientist gave a lecture on the structure of the universe.
The scientist gave himself up to his experiment.
The scientist has a love of facts, even isolated facts, similar to the poet's love of words.
The scientist has a love of facts, even isolated facts, similar to the poet’s love of words.
The scientist hypothesized the result of the experiment.
The scientist hypothesizes about the beginning of the universe.
The scientist hypothesizes that global warming may cause increased rainfall.
The scientist insisted on proceeding with the research.
The scientist is conducting medical research.
The scientist is famous both at home and abroad.
The scientist is famous not only in Japan but also in foreign countries.
The scientist is intelligent.
The scientist is known not only in Japan, but also in other countries.
The scientist is working on atomic energy.
The scientist looked at his clipboard.
The scientist looked at the sample with his microscope.
The scientist made a significant discovery.
The scientist maintained that the theory should be tested through experiments.
The scientist noted the microphone picked up a gust of wind, along with a gentle “whir” sound from the rover itself.
The scientist participated in developing high-voltage switches, a key component crucial for setting off explosions needed to trigger nuclear warhead.
The scientist refused to show his work.
The scientist said that heat wasn't energy, but energy transfer.
The scientist searched for the bones of the dinosaurs in the valley.
The scientist tried to discover Nature's laws.
The scientist tried to discover Nature’s laws.
The scientist was working on a new experiment.
The scientist's alibi was very convoluted.
The scientist's colleagues begged her not to conduct the experiment in light of the new information, but their pleas fell on deaf ears.
The scientist's theory was very popular.
The scientists analyzed the data they had gathered.
The scientists analyzed the data.
The scientists are also working to develop artificial blood vessels and miniature models of a human body using 3d bio printing.
The scientists are experimenting with tiny, manmade nanomachines that can drill into a cell, killing it.
The scientists are investigating why the experiment failed.
The scientists are studying the new bacteria.
The scientists are working on a new experiment.
The scientists are working with drug manufacturer Eli Lilly and Company on the development of a drug that kills these metastatic, aggressive silent cells.
The scientists assembled dozens of temperature records from multiple studies, including data from sediment cores drilled in lake bottoms and sea floors, and from ice cores.
The scientists attached a transmitter to the giraffe's ear.
The scientists collected ice cores.
The scientists compared samples from the upper permafrost layer—which melts and refreezes seasonally—and the permanently frozen permafrost in which microbes have been trapped for millennia.
The scientists concluded that acids in wine make it taste bad.
The scientists envision that one day, soldiers could carry a small injector device with freeze-dried platelets that could be used to control bleeding until medical help arrived.
The scientists examined dendrochronological records.
The scientists examined mercury levels in the men by studying toenail particles from the men’s feet.
The scientists found differences between male and female dogs. Iotchey says the females appeared much better at learning new things.
The scientists found mammoths, saber-toothed tigers and bison in the north.
The scientists gathered data.
The scientists have already selected a target they want the roving robot to explore when it sets off in several days.
The scientists have great hopes for rice-based vaccines as a way to protect large populations against mucosal infections. There would be no need for injection, since the vaccine would be taken by mouth.
The scientists have not found any explanation for the mysterious phenomenon.
The scientists hope that by studying the asteroids, they can better understand how the solar system evolved.
The scientists looked at tree-ring data.
The scientists made a surprising discovery.
The scientists of Canada are revolting.
The scientists placed wires on the dogs' heads to measure electrical activity in the brain.
The scientists say older cloth is best because repeated washings soften and loosen the threads, reducing the pore size.
The scientists say the existence of these large complex molecules, along with hydrothermal activity, supports a theory that a massive liquid water ocean, below the icy crust of Enceladus, may provide a habitable environment for life.
The scientists say the insects lay dormant, feeding on tree roots and slowly growing underground.
The scientists say they unearthed two enormous vertebrae and a femur, or thigh bone, of a plant-eating sauropod species called Alamosaurus.
The scientists study the air bubbles in the ice.
The scientists tracked the birds using small radio transmitters on their backs.
The scientists used a bathysphere to explore the depths of the ocean.
The scientists used a group of students in their study. They discovered that students who described themselves as social and economic liberals had a greater density of gray matter in a brain region called the anterior cingulate.
The scientists used a laser.
The scientists used an IBM mainframe computer to make their calculations.
The scientists used different kinds of atoms in their experiments. The American team used laser beams to teleport the properties of an atom of beryllium, a kind of metal. The team in Austria used a calcium atom. All the atoms were ions. This means they had an electric charge.
The scientists used lasers and magnets.
The scientists used nanoparticles.
The scientists want a lot of data.
The scientists want more data.
The scientists wanted to make their discoveries known to the world at large.
The scientists were shocked to discover the AI they had developed was capable of successfully catfishing people.
The scientists weren't sure if the experiment was going to work.
The scientists who made the discovery, led by Scott Sheppard at the Carnegie Institute of Science in Washington, used the powerful Subaru telescope in Hawaii to gather data over several years, as well as new computing algorithms, to track potential moons and orbits.
The scientists worked on their experiment.
The scissors are blunt.
The scissors are blunt. They need to be sharpened.
The scissors are dull.
The scissors are in the left cabinet.
The scissors are not sharp.
The scissors aren't sharp.
The scissors don't cut.
The scissors won't cut anything.
The scissors won’t cut anything.
The scolded boy was sobbing.
The scolding I gave to the other children doesn't apply to you.
The scolding I gave to the other children doesn’t apply to you.
The scooter won't start.
The scope of Sami's knowledge about African Americans was very limited.
The scorching sun grilled us.
The scorching sun roasted me.
The score is 1-0.
The score is 9 to 2 in favor of our school.
The score is one all.
The score is tied at one.
The score is tied.
The score is two to one.
The score stood four to two, with but one inning more to play.
The score was even.
The score was high but the advice was harsh.
The score was tied in the final seconds and Jordan took a shot—but he bobbled the ball, launched it awkwardly and it nicked the rim.
The scores are low because the task is cognitively demanding.
The scores are standardized.
The scoring area is called the end zone.
The scorpion continued to crawl up Yanni's leg.
The scorpion crawled into Yanni's underwear.
The scorpion crawled out Yanni's khaki shorts.
The scorpion crawled up Yanni's thigh.
The scorpion got closer.
The scorpion had babies on its back.
The scorpion is dead.
The scorpion is inside Yanni's coat.
The scorpion is very dangerous.
The scorpion moved out of the coat.
The scorpion stopped.
The scorpion struck with its venomous dart, leaving a burning sting.
The scorpion stung Yanni.
The scorpion tried to sting Yanni.
The scorpion was on Sami's arm.
The scorpion was on Yanni's junk.
The scouts doubt that the tracks belong to a bear.
The scramble for Africa was the last wave of colonialism.
The scrap merchant was here this morning.
The scratch is on the inside of the windshield.
The scratches on Yanni's windshield are barely visible.
The scratches on Yanni's windshield have disappeared.
The scratches on the windshield are caused by the wipers.
The scratches on the windshield are so small that they can't be captured with a regular camera.
The scratches on the windshield aren't too deep.
The scratches sounded they came from underneath Ziri's mattress.
The scratching sound started up again.
The scratching went down the wall.
The scream Gunter heard didn't sound human to him.
The scream Ziri let out was gut-wrenching.
The scream almost didn't sound human.
The scream came again.
The scream had some animalistic tone behind it.
The scream lasted about four seconds, then it stopped.
The scream sounded extremely disturbing.
The scream was coming from that cabin.
The scream was coming from the island.
The scream was much closer.
The scream was so loud that Ziri stopped to look around.
The screaming seemed to be coming from inside Alberto's house.
The screaming sound seemed to be coming from Claudio's laptop.
The screaming was pained and muffled.
The screams are harmonic tremors, and researchers at the University of Washington believe they are caused when magma is forced through a narrow conduit at greater and greater pressure into the heart of the volcano.
The screams became muffled.
The screams echoed in the woods.
The screams sounded like they came from a little girl.
The screen blacked out.
The screen has an aspect ratio of 4:3.
The screen is cracked.
The screen is giving off green light.
The screen on my phone stopped responding to touch.
The screen suddenly went dark.
The screen turned all black.
The screen turned off.
The screen was cracked.
The screen was plugged in.
The screen went black.
The screen went dark again.
The screen went darker again.
The screen's cracked.
The screening of donated blood for the presence of various illnesses is expensive, but is also necessary to keep the blood supply as safe as possible.
The screening of the film will be at 5:00 pm.
The screenshots are fake.
The screw needs to be tightened.
The screw, the lever, the wedge, the pulley, etc. are called simple machines.
The screws are in an inaccessible place.
The screws are in an inconvenient place.
The screws were completely missing.
The script Tatoeba needs the most is the native speaker detector.
The script was awful.
The scrolling text on the display of my Internet radio gives me information about the selected station and the running program.
The scrolling text on the display of my Internet radio tells me the selected station and the current programme.
The scullion cleaned the pots and pans.
The sculptor belongs to the Renaissance school.
The sculptor carved a statue of Buddha from wood.
The sculptor carved wood into an image of Buddha.
The sculptor had stiff fingers.
The sculptor is working on a new sculpture.
The sculptor said the work represented a window to the sky, but to me it looked like a senseless twisted piece of metal.
The sculptor sculpts a statute of a lion.
The sculpture has been lost.
The sculpture started to bleed.
The sculpture they bought to install in the plaza was out of scale for the site; it was much too small.
The sculpture was destroyed.
The sculptures are of great value.
The scuttlebutt is that layoffs are coming.
The scuttlebutt is they're going to Australia.
The scuttlebutt is they’re going to Australia.
The sea after the storm was calm.
The sea air is refreshing.
The sea and the winds destroyed the boat: let the storm bear the blame and not my goats.
The sea bottom is still unexplored.
The sea calls softly.
The sea came in sight of us as we turned the corner.
The sea came into sight.
The sea can be a very dangerous place sometimes.
The sea can be heard from here.
The sea covers much of the surface of the globe.
The sea covers nearly three-fourths of the earth's surface.
The sea covers nearly three-fourths of the earth’s surface.
The sea doesn't care about us.
The sea engulfed him.
The sea got rough, so that we had to give up fishing.
The sea grew wilder and wilder.
The sea gull glided on the wind.
The sea gulls are flying low.
The sea has always separated us.
The sea has become calm.
The sea has both a calming and unsettling effect.
The sea has calmed.
The sea has neither meaning nor pity.
The sea has risen, the sea of peoples.
The sea holds ancient wisdom.
The sea holds endless truths.
The sea holds endless wisdom.
The sea holds its secrets.
The sea holds the secrets of the deep.
The sea holds the secrets of time.
The sea holds the stories of a thousand lifetimes.
The sea hums ancient melodies.
The sea hums with life.
The sea hums with wisdom.
The sea ice is highly variable - frozen solid during cold, calm weather and broken up in large areas of open water during storms.
The sea illumined blue under the sunshine.
The sea illumined dark blue under the moonlight.
The sea indented the coastline.
The sea is a harsh mistress.
The sea is a receiving environment for what happens on the land, so our activities on land from the mountains to the sea are having an impact on what we are seeing in the marine environment.
The sea is a road, because it leads to the islands.
The sea is angry.
The sea is as salty as tears, tears are as salty as the sea. The sea and a tear are related to loneliness. The sea has already found it, tears are looking for it.
The sea is blue.
The sea is calling!
The sea is calm today.
The sea is calm.
The sea is cold.
The sea is deep.
The sea is down.
The sea is far from calm.
The sea is full of traps.
The sea is green.
The sea is her sanctuary.
The sea is infested with sharks.
The sea is not clear.
The sea is polluted by tiny plastic particles that are harmful to marine animals.
The sea is pretty rough today.
The sea is quite rough today.
The sea is raging.
The sea is roaring.
The sea is rough.
The sea is still calm.
The sea is stormy.
The sea is thirsty.
The sea is to fish what the sky is to birds.
The sea is turquoise, the water warm and calm.
The sea is very deep.
The sea is very green.
The sea is very large and deep.
The sea is very shallow.
The sea is very wide.
The sea is warm today.
The sea isn't clear.
The sea keeps its secrets.
The sea landscape calms me down.
The sea level is increasing.
The sea level is rising.
The sea looked at us through its tender, blue-green eye.
The sea looked quite green, and large icebergs were floating about.
The sea looks calm and smooth.
The sea looks menacing.
The sea makes shores, bays, capes, islands, peninsulas, necks of land, straights, and has rocks in it.
The sea offers solace to the weary traveler.
The sea otter swam through the kelp forest.
The sea roars.
The sea sings to the heart of the wanderer.
The sea speaks softly.
The sea speaks to those who listen.
The sea that we see dancing there along the clear bays has silver reflections ... the sea ... reflections changing in the rain ...
The sea today is wonderfully cool and clear.
The sea turns deep by itself.
The sea turtle laid its eggs on the beach.
The sea urchin spine broke into pieces underneath the skin.
The sea urchin was too pointy to pick up.
The sea was a bit choppy.
The sea was as smooth as glass.
The sea was blue.
The sea was calm and the air was crisp. There wasn't a cloud in the sky.
The sea was calm and the sky was clear.
The sea was calm.
The sea was full of boats.
The sea was glassy.
The sea was lashing the ship from all directions.
The sea was raging against them more and more.
The sea was rough because of the storm.
The sea was rough yesterday.
The sea was rough.
The sea was running high.
The sea was truly calm.
The sea was very rough.
The sea was very smooth.
The sea was warm today.
The sea was white with foam.
The sea waves lash incessantly against the cliffs.
The sea waves were shaking the ship.
The sea will turn deep by itself.
The sea's surface glitters in the sunlight.
The sea's surface is glittering in the sunlight.
The sea's surface is sparkling in the sunlight.
The sea's surface sparkles in the sunlight.
The sea's waves are lashing against the rocks on the shore.
The sea's waves crash against the rocks on the shore.
The sea's waves have made me hear her poem.
The sea's waves have made me hear his poem.
The sea's waves have made me hear your poem.
The sea's waves in the quiet of night sound like a lullaby.
The sea, when it is calm, mirrors the sky.
The seafood at Benedito's restaurant is fresh.
The seagull dove into the river and caught a fish.
The seagull squawks.
The seagull stole Tom's ice cream cone.
The seagull stole a french fry from Tom's cup.
The seagull was flying very close to the water.
The seagulls dive into the sea.
The seagulls in Helsinki steal ice cream out of people's hands.
The seagulls left in droves.
The seagulls soared at the same pace as the ferry, waiting for food to be thrown their way.
The seagulls were fighting over a scrap of bread thrown to them in exasperation by a walker after they had attacked him as he tried to eat his cheese sandwich.
The seagulls were screeching during the night.
The seahorse is a unique animal.
The seal dove into the freezing cold waters.
The seal is an animal from the polar region.
The seal is cute.
The seal is snorting.
The seal kept its balance well on the large ball.
The seal snorts.
The sealed documents can be found at the notary.
The seals are eating fish.
The seals surface more frequently then, so a bear's chance of catching one at a breathing hole is greater after nightfall.
The seals surface more frequently then, so a bear’s chance of catching one at a breathing hole is greater after nightfall.
The seaman apprentice, sitting on a stool in a bar, ordered a beer while waiting for his basket of fish and chips.
The seaman had to clean the ship down to the copper bolts.
The seaman is the entry-level rank of Navy crew members, serving aboard various types of ships.
The seamstress makes a hem.
The search and rescue team will arrive in the morning.
The search began in the park.
The search continued until midnight.
The search continues.
The search ended on Thursday.
The search for "river" returns a warning that the search is illegal on Chinese Internet these days.
The search for Tom is still ongoing.
The search for Tom's body is not over.
The search for Tom's body persists.
The search for a Japanese alpinist who went missing on Mont Blanc was called off on Sunday.
The search for a scapegoat has begun.
The search for alien life is one of humankind's greatest technological challenges.
The search for extraterrestrials is being done with telescopic "eyes" and "ears".
The search for life continues.
The search for life in space continues.
The search for life is ongoing.
The search for perfection never ends.
The search for purpose can inspire others along the way.
The search for the appropriate adjective proved to be difficult.
The search for the body turned up nothing.
The search for the corpse yielded no results.
The search for the missing bushwalkers was suspended at sundown.
The search for the missing girls is still ongoing.
The search for the missing sailors was abandoned after two days.
The search for the truth is the most noble of occupations, and its publication, a duty.
The search for truth is the way to wisdom.
The search function doesn't work.
The search function has too few options.
The search function is inadequate.
The search is on for a cost-effective alternative to traditional commercial feed pellets given to farmed fish.
The search is over.
The search lasted for four days.
The search lasted less than thirty minutes.
The search lasted more than a year.
The search lasted more than five hours.
The search party found him lying at the foot of a cliff.
The search party has stopped looking for Tom.
The search party hasn't given up looking for Tom.
The search party rescued Tom.
The search party was led by Tom.
The search party wasn't able to find Tom.
The search query is inefficient.
The search required little labour, for the putrid dolphin exhaled a strong smell which served to guide him on his way.
The search resumed the following morning.
The search turned up no results.
The search was called off.
The searchers could hear faint calls coming from deep within the cave.
The seas are rough today.
The seashore looks particularly romantic in the moonlight.
The seaside is an ideal spot for the children to play.
The seaside resort was so touristy that it actually stood up and walked to Vegas.
The season I like is spring.
The season for skiing has gone by.
The season is going well.
The season is over for him.
The season isn't over with.
The season length of heat waves in many U.S. cities has increased by over 40 days since the 1960s.
The season only started.
The season that I like is spring.
The season too was the season of love.
The season's over for him.
The seasonal rain front is moving in tomorrow.
The seasoned bread causes farts.
The seasoned detective knows better than to dismiss any possibility just yet.
The seasoning is just right.
The seasoning on Adriano's steak is the perfect balance of flavors.
The seasoning on Adriano's steak was perfectly balanced.
The seat covers are overworn.
The seat cushions were filled with foam rubber.
The seat is adjustable.
The seat of FIFA (Fédération Internationale de Football Association, "International Association Football Federation") is in Zürich, Switzerland.
The seat of his pants is shiny.
The seat of my pants is torn.
The seat of the Algerian government is in Algiers.
The seat of the chair needs repairing.
The seat wasn't fixed to the floor.
The seatbelt is broken.
The seats are all sold out.
The seats are comfortable.
The seats in the library are all taken again.
The seats were comfortable.
The seats were reserved for the party.
The seawater stings my cut.
The sea’s vastness humbles all who gaze upon it.
The second Gulf War caused a surge in the price of petroleum.
The second Yanni heard that, his face fell.
The second Ziri left, Rima pushed Walid away.
The second appearance of the ghost was on Sunday night.
The second argument deals with the naturalization of foreign workers in Japan.
The second book has more errors than the first.
The second book is mine.
The second book is worse than the first.
The second button of your shirt is coming off.
The second chapter is six pages long.
The second combination plate contains meat.
The second commandment of the engineer: do not make any changes on Friday night.
The second course contains meat.
The second course has chickpeas, chicken, meat, sausage and potato.
The second day is Tuesday.
The second document is a letter addressed to the King, written by the Parliament of Paris.
The second document was a tough one to translate.
The second film, The Two Towers, conjures a more ominous, atmospheric mood, with its chases and battles with the evil beings known as Orcs.
The second floor of that building has always freaked Vladimir up.
The second generation of immigrants has only one home.
The second guy is better.
The second half of a man's life is made up of nothing but the habits he has acquired during the first half.
The second half of a man’s life is made up of nothing but the habits he has acquired during the first half.
The second half of the nineteenth century was a period of rapid technological progress.
The second hand has stopped.
The second is the affinity with environment. By utilizing natural energy and reducing wastes, we have to make houses which harmonize with ecology.
The second is the unit of measure for time.
The second is the unit of time.
The second language may be freely chosen.
The second largest Native American tribe, Tohono O'odham, has the highest rate of adult onset diabetes in the world.
The second largest piece fell in a neighboring yard.
The second leg of the flight is from Paris to Milan.
The second leg of the hike was uphill.
The second lesson is very easy.
The second lesson is very simple.
The second man was a Spanish explorer.
The second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.
The second most regretted part of the respondents’ college experience is what they majored in.
The second one who came was his wife.
The second part of the Seder is when most of the singing happens.
The second part of the book is much more difficult than the first.
The second part of the book is set in England.
The second part of the lesson is easier than the third, but the first is the easiest.
The second part of the lesson is harder than the first one, but the third one is the most difficult.
The second part of the lesson is more difficult than the first, but the third is the most difficult.
The second prize goes to Ziri.
The second quarter GNP growth was higher than predicted.
The second question is needed to provide an answer to the first one.
The second season has already been announced.
The second semester came to an end.
The second semester ended.
The second semester is over.
The second semester started.
The second sentence can be left as it is.
The second sentence was about the same length.
The second sentence was just as long.
The second shot of the scene features the protagonist and antagonist transposed, alluding to their similarities.
The second showing will start soon.
The second step of Great Reset is energy crisis.
The second task turned out to be much harder than the first.
The second term came to an end yesterday.
The second term came to an end.
The second test is a great improvement on the first.
The second that class is over, I'm sprinting to the bathroom.
The second the alarm bell went off, the kids in the room scurried around in panic.
The second the mailman comes, he rushes out to pick up his mail.
The second tip is concision, or succinctly stating ideas.
The second victim was identified as Dan Anderson.
The second violins aren't playing together.
The second violins need to play together.
The second wave has begun!
The second will surely be better.
The second woman to fly in space was Svetlana Savytskaya in 1982 onboard Soyuz T-7.
The second year is always a critical year.
The second-class quartermaster is an experienced sailor responsible for technical or logistical duties.
The second-hand bookshop was a real treasure trove of old books.
The second-person plural, informal Spanish imperative ending for verbs ending in "ar" is "ábais" while the Portuguese is "áveis".
The secondary consumer of Tom's misery was his girlfriend, Mary.
The secondary school has a sports hall.
The secret agent infiltrates the enemy base.
The secret agent wore a disguise to hide her identity.
The secret agent wore a disguise to hide his identity.
The secret between Tom and me came to light.
The secret came to light at last.
The secret cove was a aesthete's dream.
The secret documents were shredded.
The secret door suddenly appeared.
The secret folder on Tom's computer holds hundreds of gigabytes of stoat videos.
The secret got out.
The secret is killing you.
The secret is officially out.
The secret is out.
The secret leaked out.
The secret of Hegel's dialectic lies ultimately in this alone, that it negates theology through philosophy in order then to negate philosophy through theology.
The secret of Hegel’s dialectic lies ultimately in this alone, that it negates theology through philosophy in order then to negate philosophy through theology.
The secret of a happy marriage remains a secret.
The secret of a long-lasting marriage? It's very simple: you just need to find the right woman and get old enough.
The secret of being boring is saying everything.
The secret of being boring is to say everything.
The secret of boring people is saying all that can be said on a subject.
The secret of combinations lies in recognizing the patterns that identify their elements.
The secret of football is the ball, you see.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
The secret of good prose lies in the rhythm of the language.
The secret of good prose resides in the rhythm of the language.
The secret of happiness is to make others believe they are the cause of it.
The secret of her beauty is her naturalness.
The secret of influencing people lies not so much in being a good talker as in being a good listener.
The secret of life is hanging around until you get used to it.
The secret of life isn't to try and get what you want, but to be satisfied with the things you get, when you get them.
The secret of longevity is to choose your parents carefully.
The secret of success in life is known only to those who have not succeeded.
The secret of success is not to think of failure.
The secret of success lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from his angle as well as from your own.
The secret of success lies in the ability to get the other person’s point of view and see things from his angle as well as from your own.
The secret of the agitator is to make himself as stupid as his audience; thereby they believe they are as clever as he is.
The secret of the pyramid was brought to light by science.
The secret police forced Ron into a musty, white strait-jacket and carted him off to the nearest asylum.
The secret remained buried in the grave of the famous philosopher.
The secret seems to have leaked out.
The secret service guards him against attack.
The secret to Adriano's amazing steak is his marinade.
The secret to Benedito's amazing salad is his homemade croutons.
The secret to being boring is saying everything.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
The secret to happiness and virtue is to love what must be done.
The secret to learning a foreign language is repetition.
The secret to life isn't to try and get what you want, but to be satisfied with what you get when you get something.
The secret to productivity in so many fields -- and in origami -- is letting dead people do your work for you.
The secret to productivity in so many fields — and in origami — is letting dead people do your work for you.
The secret to staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.
The secret to success is a love of language.
The secret to victory is not to give up.
The secret to victory is to not give up.
The secret was locked away for aeons.
The secret was out.
The secret was spread.
The secret will emerge in due course of time.
The secret will remain a secret.
The secret will soon get out.
The secretariat is closed.
The secretary answered me shortly.
The secretary asked that I hold the line until Mr Williams was free to take my call.
The secretary belittled Ziri.
The secretary called the two of them again.
The secretary gave me an agreeable smile.
The secretary inserted the letter in the envelope.
The secretary is currently directing the ambassador up to the boss's office.
The secretary is currently directing the ambassador up to the boss’s office.
The secretary is good at English in addition to being beautiful.
The secretary is in a meeting with the director.
The secretary is tired of typing.
The secretary is within call all the time.
The secretary keeps the minutes of the meeting.
The secretary must write many emails this morning before 11:00.
The secretary noted down what her boss had said.
The secretary of state said the latest allocation brings the total humanitarian aid to the Rohingya refugee crisis to nearly $1.9 billion since August 2017.
The secretary opened the mail which had been delivered that morning.
The secretary proved to be a spy.
The secretary put the letter into the envelope.
The secretary responded back to me coldly.
The secretary stuffed the letter into an envelope.
The secretary takes note of what her superior said.
The secretary took dictation from her boss.
The secretary was asked to file past records.
The secretary was dismissed.
The secretary went to the storage room to retrieve the file.
The secretary works on business correspondence.
The secretary-general was joined by several trailblazing women, including the world’s youngest female prime minister, Sanna Marin of Finland. She is 34 and heads a coalition government in which women lead all five parties.
The secretion from Tom's wound was a horrible green color.
The secretion of pituitary gland hormones is controlled by the hypothalamus.
The sect members looked adoringly at their guru, and hung on every word that came out of his mouth.
The section chief accepted the offer.
The section chief accepted the proposal.
The section chief altered the plan.
The section chief keeps him down.
The section chief made me work like a slave.
The section chief said out of the blue: "Women and meat, I like them a little rotten".
The section chief said out of the blue: "Women and meat, I like them a little rotten."
The section chief seems to like abusing his authority.
The section chief was really livid. What did you do?
The sections are divided by aisles.
The security agencies were criminously omissive.
The security alarm started beeping.
The security cameras didn't work and this kept me constantly on edge.
The security chief monitored the site looking for weak spots.
The security gate was still closed.
The security guard asked to see my receipt.
The security guard got mad at us.
The security guard knows Michael.
The security guard made me open my briefcase.
The security guard pounced on John.
The security guard pushed Ziri out of the bank.
The security guard saw Diego.
The security guard scanned each individual package.
The security guard started to approach Adriano's vehicle.
The security guard told Tom that he couldn't take pictures in this area.
The security guard told Tom that he couldn’t take pictures in this area.
The security guard went back on his normal patrol.
The security guard won't let me in.
The security guards accompanied Mary to the compound exit.
The security guards arrived.
The security guards dragged Ziri out.
The security guards escorted Tom out of the building.
The security guards know Tom.
The security guards removed the man from the mall.
The security guards took Damiano outside.
The security guards usually don't notice faces.
The security guards will be coming by in an hour.
The security guards wouldn't let us in.
The security guards wrestled Tom to the ground.
The security level, as established by the Department of Homeland Security, is orange.
The security looked at Vladimir suspiciously.
The security situation on the border became explosive this weekend.
The security system is being tested.
The security system scanned Tom's retina.
The security team checked the car for explosives.
The sedan stopped right in front of Elias.
The sedative is taking effect.
The sedge has withered from the lake, and no birds sing.
The sedge-bird perches aside, on a sloping willow rod, and, slightly raising his head, chatters, turning his bill from side to side.
The sedimentary beds contain pebbles of the subjacent granite.
The seed is beginning to germinate.
The seed of revolution is repression.
The seed of the oat plant is called a groat.
The seedlings are very fragile.
The seeds I planted 15 days ago sprouted.
The seeds I planted have sprouted.
The seeds I planted last month have sprouted.
The seeds are also edible.
The seeds can be added to porridge or soup.
The seeds germinated.
The seeds have germinated.
The seeds of evil deeds are evil thoughts.
The seeds of plants breathe all the time.
The seeds of that tree are yellow.
The seeds of these trees are yellow.
The seeds of this fruit are small and black.
The seeds will become flowers in the summer.
The seeing of Truth cannot be dualistic (a "thing" seen). It cannot be seen by a see-er, or via a see-er. There can only be a seeing which itself is Truth.
The seeing-eye dog helps the blind man to cross the street.
The seemingly noble knights turned out to be rotten robber barons.
The seesaw was in a shady area of the playground.
The seismicity was increasing gradually.
The seitan is in the gluten-free section.
The selection committee will send the name of the MD candidate to Bangladesh Bank.
The selection in this shop is far wider.
The selection process worked.
The self does not preexist its structural determination.
The self-driving car crashed into a wall.
The self-same day was Abraham circumcised and Ismael his son. And all the men of his house, as well they that were born in his house, as the bought servants and strangers, were circumcised with him.
The selfish live for themselves alone.
The selfish man was despised by his colleagues.
The selfish man was despised by his companions.
The seller weighs the cheese on the copper scales.
The selling point of cup ramen is its compactness, which makes it easy to carry.
The selling point of cup ramen is its convenience.
The selling point of cup ramen is its delicious soup.
The selling point of cup ramen is its price.
The semester culminates in a final project and presentation.
The semester exams are finally over.
The semicolon is a punctuation mark used to connect related sentences and separate list items.
The semicolon is the most feared punctuation on earth.
The seminar participants intend on exchanging experiences and in doing so learn from each other.
The seminarclass is full of pigheaded attendees.
The senate approved the bill.
The senate disapproved of the minister.
The senator affirmed his dedication to his voters.
The senator avowed his devotion to his constituents.
The senator charged that I had distorted the data.
The senator denied repeated requests for an interview.
The senator favors a policy that would leave me and thousands of my peers without a job.
The senator has a very demanding schedule this week.
The senator remained neutral in the furious controversy.
The senator showed up at the convocation and told the story about his dad being an exterminator, just like he does every year.
The senator was censured by the congressional ethics committee.
The senators are trying to bork the nominee.
The senators were very interested in what he had to say.
The senators will praise my act.
The sender is the one who calls for the distribution of the event.
The sending of these letters won't take long.
The senescent man wandered away from the nursing home.
The seneschal gets his packets of dried hashish stems at those dear Serge and Sacha's place.
The seneschal rode in advance with two heralds, followed by the duchess in a riding-habit of green silk, mounted upon a beautiful palfrey.
The senior center was closed indefinitely.
The senior citizens' spirits were high in spite of the bad weather.
The senior citizens’ spirits were high in spite of the bad weather.
The senior maître acts as an expert in his field, whether in navigation, weaponry, or communications.
The sensation of feeling yourself alive and feeling yourself breathing is simply priceless.
The sense is lost beneath the mass of information.
The sense of "self" is identical to what we call consciousness.
The sense of danger came over me.
The sense of guilt continues to haunt him.
The sense of humor is mysteriously bound up with national characteristics.
The sense of smell of dogs is very sharp.
The senselessness of the act appalled him.
The sensitive mind recoils with indignation, disgust, and horror from the picture presented.
The sensitivity certainly drops if I use a condom, so if possible I'd like to do it bareback.
The sensitivity certainly drops if I use a condom, so if possible I’d like to do it bareback.
The sensors aren't detecting anything unusual.
The sensors detect an intruder in the area.
The sensual delights of the body haunt my dreams.
The sentence "David is a Jew" is not equivalent to the sentence "Tom is a Jew," as the latter would be far more rare.
The sentence "This sentence is grammatically correct." is grammatically correct.
The sentence "Uruk in Irak" is almost a tongue twister.
The sentence contains no grammatical mistakes.
The sentence contains some serious mistakes.
The sentence contains two subjects, i.e. Tom and Mary.
The sentence contains two subjects, namely, Tom and Mary.
The sentence contains two subjects, that is, Tom and Mary.
The sentence counts on this page have been updated.
The sentence does not translate the literal meaning, but the actual intended meaning.
The sentence does not win a prize for beauty, in my opinion.
The sentence does not win any beauty contests, in my opinion.
The sentence doesn't have any grammatical errors.
The sentence got longer after it was re-written.
The sentence has a clear subject.
The sentence has been deleted.
The sentence has four words.
The sentence has no grammatical errors.
The sentence has to be completed like this:
The sentence has two subjects, i.e.: Tom and Mary.
The sentence is OK.
The sentence is capable of two interpretations, of which the first is the exact opposite of the other.
The sentence is clear and well-structured.
The sentence is correct, however, I would word it differently.
The sentence is correct.
The sentence is correct; however, I would word it differently.
The sentence is false.
The sentence is fine the way it is.
The sentence is free from grammatical mistakes.
The sentence is good.
The sentence is grammatically incorrect.
The sentence is in Russian.
The sentence is incorrect.
The sentence is missing a period at the end. Please check your sentences to make sure more of them aren't missing one.
The sentence is not entirely wrong, but not entirely right either.
The sentence is not grammatically accurate.
The sentence is senseless, but correct.
The sentence is short and simple, but without context it will be useful to almost no one.
The sentence is so short that it hardly has any meaning to me.
The sentence is so short, that it almost has no meaning for me.
The sentence is still not OK.
The sentence is useful.
The sentence isn't complete.
The sentence isn't useful.
The sentence itself isn't wrong, but natives wouldn't express themselves like that. So I suggest you write it like this.
The sentence makes no sense.
The sentence may sound unnatural, but it's not wrong.
The sentence must have a predicate.
The sentence must start with a capital letter.
The sentence on the blackboard was erased.
The sentence rings a bell with me. Where have I read it before?
The sentence seems fine to me.
The sentence should be tagged, I think.
The sentence shows a complete lack of agreement. I propose to simplify it.
The sentence sounds a little strange.
The sentence was death, and not the manner of dying.
The sentence was long and convoluted.
The sentence was not added.
The sentence was primitive, scraping its knuckles on the floor and grunting with heavy threats.
The sentence was short and fit on one line.
The sentence was short.
The sentence was so elaborate that I did not understand immediately what it was about.
The sentence was written in Catalan. The flag, however, indicated Esperanto.
The sentence with the next highest number is true.
The sentence with the preceding number is false.
The sentence you wrote is grammatically correct.
The sentence you wrote was grammatically correct.
The sentence you're reading doesn't exist.
The sentence you’re reading doesn’t exist.
The sentence's meaning depends on the context.
The sentences "Let's eat grandpa." and "Let's eat, grandpa." are only one proof that punctuation can change a lot.
The sentences "Let’s eat grandpa." and "Let’s eat, grandpa." are only one proof that punctuation can change a lot.
The sentences I now write may one day be seen as evidence that I existed.
The sentences I write don't necessarily reflect my actual thoughts or opinions.
The sentences added to Tatoeba, after being reviewed by attentive contributors, can be considered truly exemplary.
The sentences don’t need to be equivalent in all contexts. They just need to be equivalent in some contexts.
The sentences have been left in their original style; only the spelling has been corrected.
The sentences proliferate like rabbits. But it's good.
The sentences that Tom writes are difficult to translate.
The sentences that Tom writes are extremely difficult to translate.
The sentences that Tom writes are extremely hard to translate.
The sentencing of Professor Rahile Dawut to life in prison is a cruel tragedy, a great loss for the Uyghur people, and for all who treasure academic freedom.
The sentries are on guard duty.
The sentries are on guard.
The sentries stood bolt upright and stock-still.
The sentries were standing bolt upright and motionless.
The sentry demanded the password from everyone.
The sentry stood to attention.
The separate names used for female nurses "kangofu" and male nurses "kangoshi", were unified in 2002 into "kangoshi".
The separation between myself and him was painful, but necessary.
The separation broke their spirits completely.
The separation felt like a never-ending nightmare.
The separation felt like an open wound that wouldn’t heal.
The separation left a void in his life.
The separation left him feeling lost and alone.
The separation of church and state is one of the fundamental principles of the Constitution.
The separation of gold from sand is problematic.
The separation tore apart their once-strong bond.
The separation was harder than they expected.
The separation was meant to be temporary, but it felt final.
The separation was the hardest thing they had ever faced.
The separation with him burned and made her a little nervous.
The separatist movement is creating conflict within the country.
The separatists began to occupy the airport.
The separatists have nothing to do with knowledge.
The separatists have taken over the airport.
The separatists like to dream. Let them drown in their dreams.
The sequoias all around us were like sleeping giants.
The serene lake was Gabriel's favorite spot for fishing.
The serenity of life is pleasant.
The sergeant acted aggressively.
The sergeant and staff sergeant, as junior NCOs, provide direct supervision of enlisted personnel.
The sergeant ordered the private to do push ups.
The sergeant was the first who went mad, while the lieutenant simply hanged himself.
The serial killer has bought six thousand bullets for his weapons through the Web.
The serial killer kept his victims' footwear as a trophy.
The serial killer took his thirtieth victim, Tom Jackson.
The serial killer was a bloodthirsty individual whose only goal seemed to be to cause suffering to others.
The serial killer was a slave to his desires.
The serial killer was cold and distant during his trial, and appeared unaffected by the fact that he had murdered so many people.
The series 'The Hockey Girls' is excellent.
The series became a huge hit and ran until 1966 and is still shown in reruns.
The series finale was good, but the show itself was phenomenal.
The series has been canceled.
The series of crimes were thought to have been committed by the same man.
The series was canceled after just a few weeks.
The series was canceled after nine of the thirteen episodes produced were aired.
The series was canceled.
The series was cancelled.
The series will be televised beginning in November.
The serious job shortage is also affecting those illegal foreign workers.
The seriously injured man is now in hospital.
The seriously injured man was dead on arrival at the hospital.
The sermon was awfully long today.
The sermon was awfully long.
The sermons often lasted three or four hours.
The serpent hisses 'sss'.
The serpent tempted Eve.
The serpent-god's image is carried in an annual procession by a celibate priestess.
The serum sedated Rodrigo but he’s not out.
The serum was responsible for the horrible disfiguration.
The servant answered: If the woman will not come with me into this land, must I bring thy son back again to the place from whence thou camest out?
The servant cleaned the floor.
The servant denied having stolen the money.
The servant deposed that she heard him enter the front room on the second floor, generally used as his sitting-room.
The servant gradually adjusted to his new surroundings.
The servant led me to a very beautiful room, which served simultaneously as a living room and office in the engineer's house.
The servant scrubbed the floor.
The servant swept the floor.
The servant went out into the highways and hedges and compelled people to come to his master's fast.
The servant who answered the door told Tom Mary wasn't at home.
The servant who answered the door told Tom that Mary wasn't at home.
The servant who was set over the reapers answered, "It is the Moabite lady who came back with Naomi out of the country of Moab. She said, 'Please let me glean and gather after the reapers among the sheaves.' So she came, and has continued even from the morning until now, except that she rested a little in the house."
The servant, therefore, put his hand under the thigh of Abraham, his lord, and swore to him upon his word.
The servants gathered there totalled ... n-nearly one hundred!
The servants tried to carry out their master's order.
The servants tried to carry out their master’s order.
The servants worked like ants.
The servants' screams awakened everyone.
The servants, and the young ladies also, decked out the tree. On one branch they hung little nets, cut out of colored paper; every net was filled with sweetmeats; golden apples and walnuts hung down as if they grow there, and more than a hundred little candles, red, white, and blue, were fastened to the different boughs.
The servants’ screams awakened everyone.
The server encountered a temporary error and could not complete your request.
The server farm suffered extensive breakage after the earthquake.
The server goes down from time to time.
The server is a bit slow.
The server is down again.
The server is down.
The server is lagging again.
The server is overloaded.
The server is temporarily unable to service your request due to maintenance downtime or capacity problems. Please try again later.
The server is the size of a matchbox.
The server needs to be updated.
The server reboot is scheduled at 9 o'clock this evening.
The server tatoeba.org is taking too long to respond.
The server was down.
The servers are down.
The servers are super laggy today.
The servers were wearing period accurate clothing.
The servers will be online by March fourteenth.
The service agent helped me solve my problem.
The service at Benedito's restaurant is impeccable.
The service center employees did not find the defect declared by the customer.
The service charge is extra.
The service digitizes your photo collection to preserve it.
The service here is awful.
The service in this hotel leaves a lot to be desired.
The service in this restaurant is none too fast.
The service is excellent in this hotel.
The service is fast.
The service is slow because they lack employees.
The service is slow because they lack staff.
The service is slow because they're lacking staff.
The service is slow.
The service is world-class.
The service nobility was a pillar of the Prussian state.
The service sector is the most important one in the economy.
The service station is just a few streets away.
The service there sucks.
The service today was really great.
The service was pretty slow, but the food made up for that.
The service was terrible.
The service was very bad.
The service was very weak.
The service wasn't very polite.
The services at the hotel are first-rate.
The services took place at the cemetery.
The servicewoman was forced to resign.
The session ended at three o'clock in the afternoon.
The session has been prorogued.
The session is adjourned.
The session was concluded.
The session will be prolonged again.
The set of children will be eating tortillas.
The set of complex numbers is isomorphic to a certain factor ring.
The set of prime numbers is countable.
The set of real numbers is closed under addition.
The set of real numbers is uncountable, and, therefore, it's larger than the set of rational numbers.
The set of real numbers is uncountable.
The set without any elements is called the empty set and is denoted by {}.
The set-top box fell off of the entertainment unit, and it hasn't been working since.
The setout of the expedition was delayed due to bad weather.
The setting influences the conversation.
The setting of the story is Japan in the late Meiji period.
The setting sun flushed the high roof.
The setting sun is not yellow, but orange.
The setting was idyllic.
The settlement is a matter of time.
The settlement is relatively isolated.
The settlement on Mars was a failure.
The settler won't listen to you; he has already made this place his home.
The settlers accepted the Indians' help.
The settlers accepted the Indians’ help.
The settlers are armed, but they're peaceful. They only shoot natives who protest against the occupation.
The settlers are demonizing the indigenous population.
The settlers are the most peaceful people in the world. They cross thousands of miles to occupy a land that doesn't belong to them and they never kill anyone if they're not a savage native.
The settlers arrived too late in the year to grow their own crops.
The settlers built their homes along the river.
The settlers did not always honor the treaties.
The settlers embraced the Christian religion.
The settlers grew their own food.
The settlers killed the indigenous farmer at close range.
The settlers learned that the land in the valley was fertile.
The settlers maintained relatively peaceful relations with the local tribe.
The settlers started doing their Jewish prayers in the al-Aqsa Mosque.
The settlers subsisted on bread and water.
The settlers were chanting Islamophobic slurs.
The settlers were descendants of the surviving crew.
The settling of piston rings into a cylinder's wall is the goal of modern engine break-ins.
The seven beautiful kine, and the seven full ears, are seven years of plenty: and both contain the same meaning of the dream.
The seven deadly sins are: pride, envy, greed, anger, lust, gluttony and sloth.
The seven deltas alone host 14 of the world's 33 megacities, including Bangkok, where the experts are gathered this week, parts of which are sinking by 2 centimeters a year.
The seven dwarfs were good-hearted.
The seven dwarfs were the new family of the princess.
The seven muses aided the artists.
The seven questions that an engineer has to ask himself are: who, what, when, where, why, how and how much.
The seven spacemen plan to install a third pair of solar wings and another large module to the International Space Station.
The seven-member crew made unprecedented upgrades and repairs to the telescope during five ambitious spacewalks in what was an especially dangerous mission because of debris cluttering the orbit.
The seven-settlement Sogdia and seven settlements were in it; meaning this that seven lords were in there. One that of Jamshid, and one that of Zahhak, and one that of Fereydun, and one that of Manuchehr, and one that of Kavus, and one that of Kay Khosrow, and one that of Lohrasp and one that of King Vishtaspa.
The seventh child in our family is a boy.
The seventh commandment is that you shall not steal.
The seventh day is Sunday.
The seventh day of the week is Saturday.
The seventh day of the week is Sunday.
The seventy disciples received the teaching of Confucius in the oral form, for words that satirize, criticize, praise, conceal, suppress, or ridicule cannot appear in writing.
The seventy-year-old man kept his twenty-year-old wife at home all the time; he had a dog-in-the-manger attitude.
The severe housing shortage is partly to blame for the inflated rents.
The severe rain caused rivers to overflow, in some cases covering whole towns.
The severe rain caused rivers to overflow.
The severely injured man was dead on arrival at the hospital.
The severity of such marks can reveal whether or not any of these people were habitually engaged in hard labor.
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the reach.
The severity of the laws is mitigated by the nonbinding nature of their implementation.
The sewage backup in Tom's basement had to be cleaned by professionals before a plumber could repair the pipes.
The sewage pipe is obstructed.
The sewage system within the townships is very poorly planned and constructed.
The sewer is clogged.
The sewer line is clogged.
The sewer pipe exploded.
The sewer was filled to the brim.
The sewers are blocked and overflowing.
The sewers are overflowing.
The sewers are too small and overflowing.
The sex of Mary's baby has become apparent.
The sexes differ, not only in stature and muscular force, but perhaps even more decisively in temperament, and this must early have given rise to a corresponding division of labour.
The sexist lyrics of the 1963 song "Wives and Lovers" are, by today's standards, objectionable - to say the least.
The sexually immoral will be punished.
The shabby compartment remained vacant.
The shabby flat is vacant.
The shabu-shabu that I ordered came.
The shack is now dilapidated.
The shadow Ziri saw in the forest that day was very tall.
The shadow Ziri saw in the forest was the same height as him.
The shadow falls upon the wall.
The shadow is fading.
The shadow of death is hovering over the area.
The shadow of the stick is visible.
The shadow people are spies from another dimension.
The shadow reappeared.
The shadow retreated into the cave.
The shadow retreated into the woods.
The shadow was gone.
The shadow was very tall.
The shadow went away again.
The shadows are alive.
The shadows grew long and it was time to call it a day and head home.
The shadows sprang up and down from the shaking of his candle.
The shadows were clawing at the door.
The shadowy figure started to come closer to Leonid's bed.
The shahada is saying verbally that there is no god worthy of worship except Allah and Muhammad, peace be upon him, is his messenger.
The shahada is the Muslim testimony of faith.
The shahada is the testimony of faith.
The shakiness in Claudio's voice was too obvious.
The shaking began to slowly get less.
The shaking finally stopped.
The shaking has subsided.
The shallot tasted so much better than the onion in that recipe.
The shallow adoption of the language of serious causes by the right always harms those causes irreparably.
The shallow stream is subject to sudden freshets.
The shaman performed a ritual.
The shaman performed the ritual rain dance.
The shaman was performing a ritual.
The shame is so great that it ends up eating you up inside.
The shame was almost unbearable.
The shampoo smells like lavender.
The shape began to take a familiar form.
The shape of a box is usually square.
The shape of an egg is like the shape of a naught (0).
The shape of the Earth is always changing.
The shape of the building is similar to a flower.
The shape of the fingernails and their length is such a personal matter that as a result it's difficult to give advice.
The shape of the roof looks like a pyramid.
The shape reminded Donald of a keyhole.
The shape was slowly gliding down the stairs, coming towards me.
The shapeless dress was very unflattering of her athletic figure.
The shapes of the leaves are different.
The shards of thought were scattered on the ground.
The share price has notched an all-time of $115 yesterday.
The share price is plummeting – get out while you can.
The shareholders meeting was held.
The shareholder’s meeting was held.
The shark ate the octopus.
The shark attacked Ziri from below.
The shark attacked a seventeen-year-old.
The shark came to Ziri but swam right past him.
The shark is a lot better than its bad reputation.
The shark is big.
The shark is chasing the clownfish.
The shark is not related to our ordinary dog.
The shark pulled Ziri under the water.
The shark researcher at the marine laboratory says shark attacks are more frequent in Florida today than they were just 10 years ago, but she says any sudden concern about sharks is unwarranted.
The shark seized him by the leg.
The shark started swimming away.
The shark swam away.
The shark was relocated to a nearby aquarium.
The shark, being very old and suffering from asthma and heart trouble, was obliged to sleep with his mouth open.
The sharks are big.
The sharks are friends.
The sharks are well fed by the aquarium staff.
The sharks began to rush towards Pietro’s body in great numbers.
The sharks have frequently been observed gathering around fishing boats.
The sharp tone of his words chilled the atmosphere.
The sharp upturn in design activity is encouraging.
The sharp whistle deafened Tom.
The sharp, layered outcrop appeared to pierce the desert sand like an ancient blade.
The sharpness of the parmesan grated over my pasta dish added a depth of flavor that was unparalleled.
The shattered oars start forth; / round swings the prow, and lets the waters sweep / the broadside. Onward comes a mountain heap / of billows, gaunt, abrupt.
The she-cat gave birth to a litter of six kittens.
The she-wolf is howling.
The shearer sheared the sheep.
The sheaves they yielded, were, for many a long year, called the Battle Sheaves, and set apart.
The shedding of antlers in the winter is a natural process for deer and other members of the deer family.
The sheep are bleating.
The sheep are grazing in the meadow.
The sheep are in the pen.
The sheep are no longer grazing there.
The sheep aren't grazing there anymore.
The sheep aren't using the shelter.
The sheep believed the lies the wolf told them.
The sheep bleat.
The sheep bleated happily as Matthew approached them with a bag of feed.
The sheep bleats.
The sheep eat grass.
The sheep feared the wolf all his life, but it was the shepherd who ate him.
The sheep graze the grass in the field.
The sheep grazed peacefully in the meadow.
The sheep huddled together in the barn, seeking shelter from the cold rain as Matthew fed them.
The sheep in the field are eating grass.
The sheep is bleating.
The sheep is dying of gid.
The sheep is white with black rings around her eyes.
The sheep jumped over the fence.
The sheep lamb is noisy.
The sheep listened to the pig's request and behaved better than when the dogs were heeling them.
The sheep looked up at Matthew expectantly as he approached with a bucket of fresh water.
The sheep plunged into the precipice and perished.
The sheep provided Gabriel with milk, wool, and meat.
The sheep put on a lot of fat.
The sheep retreated to the shelter.
The sheep voted for the wolf.
The sheep was slaughtered but not eaten.
The sheep were feeding in the meadow.
The sheep were grazing in the meadow.
The sheep were led home by a dog.
The sheep were panicking.
The sheep were running around frantically, trying to escape the jackals.
The sheep were sheared and their wool was collected to be made into yarn.
The sheep were skipping on the slopes, the bees flew humming through the meadows, and the songs of the birds resounded among the bushes.
The sheep were trying to escape.
The sheep were trying to flee from the jackal.
The sheep were upset.
The sheep without stumbling descended the plank, which was placed as a gangway to the shore; and the goats, accustomed to steep places, skipped yet more boldly along. Upon reaching the land they all formed in a ring around Chloe, like a chorus of dancers, skipping and bleating and exhibiting every symptom of joy; whereas the flocks of other shepherds remained quiet in the holds of the ships, as if aware that the pipe which sounded was not summoning them.
The sheepdog barked loudly, alerting Matthew to a jackal lurking near the flock.
The sheer curtains floated in the summer breeze.
The sheer joy that radiates from within me when we meet is truly unmatched.
The sheer size of the spider on the ceiling sent Anna into a frenzy of fear and anxiety.
The sheer volume of disinformation is difficult to rebut.
The sheet is on the bed.
The sheet metal got rust.
The sheet metal has a bump here.
The sheet metal isn't flat anymore. It has a bump here.
The sheet metal wasn't completely flat.
The sheet of paper was torn.
The sheet was punctured by a grid of hexagonal holes.
The sheets are clean.
The sheets are dirty.
The sheets are placed atop soil in a home planter or an outdoor garden. When watered, the pods dissolve and plants sprout in 10 days (for pea shoots) to 70 days (for dragon carrots).
The sheets feel damp.
The sheets were changed yesterday.
The sheets were on top of the bed.
The sheets were placed on the bed.
The sheets were soaked with sweat.
The sheets were spread on the bed.
The shelf fell off and all the books went tumbling down on Vasya.
The shelf is jammed packed.
The shelf is not designed for such a load.
The shelf was empty.
The shelf was mounted badly.
The shelf was put up badly.
The shell fell into the ammunition depot, which provoked a series of explosions.
The shell of an egg is easily broken.
The shell of the building does not yet have windows.
The shell of the building doesn't have any windows yet.
The shell of the building still doesn't have any windows.
The shell of the building still hasn't got any windows.
The shell of the jacket is showerproof.
The shellfish from that whole region are polluted and not suitable for consumption.
The shelling continued all day.
The shells she sells are seashells, I'm sure.
The shelter is taking in more and more animals and has no money to feed them all.
The shelter offered us only insufficient protection from the storm.
The shelter provided ample space for us.
The shelves are empty.
The shelves are full of books.
The shelves in the supermarket were almost bare.
The shelves were empty.
The shelves were mostly dirty and dusty.
The shelves were pretty bare.
The shenanigans on Wall Street have sent the economy into a tailspin.
The shepherd always tries to persuade his flock that its interests and his own are one and the same.
The shepherd always tries to persuade the sheep that their interests and his own are the same.
The shepherd and his dog are keeping watch over a flock of sheep on the meadow.
The shepherd carried a sharp goad for herding sheep.
The shepherd carried a sharp goad for herding the sheep.
The shepherd counts the sheep: "One, two, three, four, five ... one hundred."
The shepherd had a nap under an olive tree.
The shepherd herded the sheep through the valley.
The shepherd is looking for some lost sheep.
The shepherd is looking for the lost sheep.
The shepherd is tending his flock.
The shepherd led his flock to pasture.
The shepherd moved slowly forward, accompanied by his faithful dog, carefully watching his flock.
The shepherd thinks that the lambs were killed by wolves.
The shepherd was watching his flock of sheep.
The shepherd's house stood in a gorge.
The shepherd, even when he become a gentleman, smells of the lamb.
The shepherds led the flocks of sheep up to the mountain.
The sheriff beat the suspect until he was almost dead.
The sheriff cleaned his shotgun.
The sheriff decided to deputize some civilians.
The sheriff demanded justice.
The sheriff doesn't want me to work on cases anymore.
The sheriff established order in the town.
The sheriff gathered the posse together.
The sheriff held his ground against the outlaws.
The sheriff is a piece of shit who condones human trafficking.
The sheriff is waiting for you in his office.
The sheriff knows that old trapper.
The sheriff knows the old trapper.
The sheriff lit a cigar on the porch.
The sheriff lit his pipe and waited.
The sheriff loaded his shotgun.
The sheriff paced in front of the jail.
The sheriff pinned his badge on proudly.
The sheriff said the victim was carjacked at gunpoint on Park Street.
The sheriff stared down the outlaw.
The sheriff stood his ground.
The sheriff stood tall with his badge shining.
The sheriff surprisingly believed Ziri's claims.
The sheriff tightened his grip on his gun.
The sheriff told Tom to be out of town by sundown.
The sheriff turned and faced the outlaw.
The sheriff walked down the dusty street.
The sheriff warned them to stay out of town.
The sheriff watched from the balcony.
The sheriff's badge gleamed in the moonlight.
The sherpa blanket on the couch is perfect for cold evenings.
The sherpa guided the climbers safely through the treacherous mountain pass.
The shield you're looking for is in the crypt.
The shifting pattern of world trade is made clear in the following table.
The shimmer of the city lights was mesmerizing.
The shimmering lake mesmerized Gabriel with its beauty.
The shin is that part of the leg which is between the knee and the ankle.
The shiny purple plums were already ripened on the tree.
The ship Tom was on sank.
The ship Tom's grandfather was on was sunk by a torpedo.
The ship abounds with rats.
The ship anchored in the harbour and unloaded its goods.
The ship appeared on the horizon.
The ship approached a black hole.
The ship approached the Sun.
The ship approached the shore by degrees.
The ship arrived at the harbor with humongous metal boxes.
The ship arrived at the port on schedule.
The ship at length reached the home port.
The ship began to sink.
The ship came from overseas.
The ship came in sight.
The ship came into port.
The ship can still be seen.
The ship can still fly.
The ship capsized in the middle of the ocean.
The ship capsized.
The ship carried hundreds of emigrants to the US.
The ship carried hundreds of immigrants to America.
The ship cast anchor at Kobe.
The ship changed course.
The ship changed its course.
The ship collided with an iceberg.
The ship continued northward.
The ship couldn't enter the harbour because of the storm.
The ship couldn't leave the harbor because of the storm.
The ship crashed on the rocks.
The ship creaked and groaned, the mighty timbers bulged and bent under the heavy blows, the water broke over the decks, snapping the mainmast like a reed.
The ship crushed Gunter to death.
The ship cut her way through the waves.
The ship disappeared beyond the horizon.
The ship disappeared without a trace.
The ship discharged its cargo in Panama.
The ship distress signals in Morse code using the relatively new Marconi wireless telegraph.
The ship dived like a swan through the waves and rose again and again on their towering crests.
The ship dropped anchor in the harbor.
The ship dropped anchor.
The ship encountered rough seas.
The ship experienced heavy turbulence.
The ship fell into a black hole.
The ship flashed a distress signal.
The ship flew the American flag.
The ship flew.
The ship flies the American flag.
The ship foundered in the stormy sea.
The ship from New York will arrive before long.
The ship gained on us.
The ship gradually came in sight.
The ship had a marked list.
The ship had taken on water and was down by the stern.
The ship had three decks.
The ship had too much leeway and drifted off course.
The ship harbors many ghosts.
The ship has a carrying capacity of a thousand tonnes.
The ship has been held at sea since last week when San Francisco refused to allow the ship to return there because of the outbreak.
The ship has enough oxygen to get us to Earth.
The ship has gone off course.
The ship has run into a sandbank offshore.
The ship has three decks.
The ship hasn't even docked yet.
The ship headed east.
The ship heeled over on her side, and the water rushed into the hold.
The ship hit a sandbar.
The ship hit an iceberg.
The ship hull is divided into watertight compartments.
The ship is about to leave port.
The ship is about to sail for Manila tomorrow.
The ship is about to set sail.
The ship is arriving in San Francisco this evening.
The ship is arriving in harbor tomorrow morning.
The ship is at anchor in the harbor.
The ship is at sea for India.
The ship is at sea.
The ship is at the mercy of the waves.
The ship is at the port.
The ship is bearing due north.
The ship is bound for Finland.
The ship is bound for the Gulf of Mexico.
The ship is called "Lost Ship."
The ship is carrying raw cotton.
The ship is cleared to enter.
The ship is finally ready to be handed over.
The ship is going to the middle of the ocean.
The ship is headed north.
The ship is heading towards the north-west.
The ship is in Byzantium.
The ship is lost in the middle of the ocean.
The ship is navigating towards the harbor.
The ship is not equipped with radar.
The ship is not seaworthy.
The ship is now in dock for a refit.
The ship is now in harbour.
The ship is now in port.
The ship is now in the harbor.
The ship is now in the harbour.
The ship is on its way to Finland.
The ship is rolling.
The ship is sailing at three.
The ship is sailing north.
The ship is sailing to the west.
The ship is sinking!
The ship is sinking.
The ship is slowly sinking because of damage to its base.
The ship is stranded on a sandbank.
The ship is turning toward the port.
The ship is under attack.
The ship is under sail.
The ship is unloading the boxes.
The ship is unsellable.
The ship isn’t big, is it?
The ship keeled over and capsized.
The ship lay on the bottom of the sea for more than three hundred years.
The ship leaves at 7 o'clock.
The ship leaves at seven o'clock.
The ship leaves for Honolulu tomorrow.
The ship leaving from the port was not in danger.
The ship left ahead of time.
The ship left every Monday.
The ship left port.
The ship left the port, never to be seen again.
The ship lies in the harbour.
The ship loaded in two days.
The ship lowered its gangway after docking.
The ship made for the Pacific Ocean.
The ship made for the shore.
The ship made it back to port.
The ship made slow progress against the strong wind.
The ship might have some survivors.
The ship moved into position to intercept the space probe.
The ship needs a captain.
The ship of fools was a popular allegory in medieval art and literature.
The ship passed through the Panama Canal.
The ship passed under the bridge.
The ship performed well in the heavy storm.
The ship proceeded to her destination.
The ship ran aground and was stuck.
The ship ran aground on a sandbar.
The ship ran aground.
The ship ran into a sandbank offshore.
The ship reached its destination in safety.
The ship reached port.
The ship rocked back and forth to the rhythm of the sea.
The ship rode over the waves.
The ship rolled from side to side in the storm.
The ship rolls.
The ship sailed along the coast of Shikoku.
The ship sailed along the coast.
The ship sailed around the cape.
The ship sailed down the channel.
The ship sailed down the river.
The ship sailed into the storm.
The ship sailed over the water.
The ship sailed through the Suez Canal.
The ship sailed up the Thames.
The ship sails for Honolulu tomorrow.
The ship sank after hitting an iceberg.
The ship sank and all hands were lost.
The ship sank in a storm somewhere along the East Coast.
The ship sank in the sea.
The ship sank on its maiden voyage.
The ship sank three meters into the water.
The ship sank to the bottom of the sea.
The ship sank with all her crew on board.
The ship sank with all on board.
The ship sank with all the crew.
The ship sank with everyone on board.
The ship sank.
The ship scudded before a heavy gale.
The ship sent distress signals in Morse code.
The ship set sail for Bombay.
The ship set sail only to be wrecked two days after.
The ship set sail only to sink two days later.
The ship set sail.
The ship should plough through the blockade.
The ship shut down completely.
The ship shut down.
The ship slowly sank.
The ship slowly started to move.
The ship soon came into view.
The ship sounded its whistle and pulled away from the dock.
The ship sounded its whistle and pulled away from the pier.
The ship sounded its whistle and pulled away from the wharf.
The ship stabilized.
The ship stands in need of repairs.
The ship stopped a little way off the shore.
The ship struck a submerged rock.
The ship struck northward.
The ship sunk, of course.
The ship swayed in the strong wind.
The ship that Tom was on sank.
The ship that Tom's grandfather was on was sunk by a torpedo.
The ship took on additional passengers.
The ship touched at Yokohama.
The ship touched ground.
The ship transports cars from Europe to North America.
The ship transports raw materials from Indonesia.
The ship traveled at a good speed.
The ship traveled to another planet.
The ship turned upside down and many passengers were thrown into the sea.
The ship upon which they work belongs to an Algerian businessman.
The ship vanished over the horizon.
The ship was abreast of the shore.
The ship was afloat at last.
The ship was at sea.
The ship was at the mercy of the sea.
The ship was at the mercy of the storm.
The ship was at the mercy of the waves.
The ship was at the mercy of the wind and the waves.
The ship was attacked by Somali pirates.
The ship was bound for Cairo.
The ship was bound for Kobe.
The ship was built at considerable expense.
The ship was carrying a lot of passengers on board.
The ship was christened by the princess.
The ship was damaged and veered off course.
The ship was damaged.
The ship was decorated with sculptures.
The ship was destroyed.
The ship was dismasted during the storm.
The ship was drifting at the mercy of the waves.
The ship was flying the American flag.
The ship was found by Gunter.
The ship was hit by a big wave.
The ship was in utter chaos.
The ship was listing fifteen degrees to port.
The ship was locked in ice.
The ship was not able to pass under it.
The ship was not damaged.
The ship was on fire.
The ship was on the point of arriving at her destination.
The ship was piloted into port.
The ship was ready to sink any time.
The ship was returned on the sea.
The ship was sailing at a rate of knots.
The ship was sailing at full speed.
The ship was scuttled last year.
The ship was searched thoroughly, but no illegal drugs were found.
The ship was soon out of sight.
The ship was stowed with arms.
The ship was sunk on purpose.
The ship was travelling at a rate of knots.
The ship was unloaded at the port.
The ship was waiting for us in the harbor.
The ship was wrecked on a sunken reef.
The ship was wrecked on the rocks.
The ship wasn't damaged.
The ship wasn't ready for battle.
The ship we sailed on was huge.
The ship went down slowly.
The ship went down to the bottom of the sea.
The ship went down with all on board.
The ship went down, and I began to swim.
The ship went off course.
The ship went off.
The ship went through the Panama Canal.
The ship went through the Suez Canal.
The ship went up in flames.
The ship whirled in the vortex.
The ship will arrive by five o'clock.
The ship will arrive by five o’clock.
The ship will arrive by way of several countries.
The ship will arrive in San Francisco this evening.
The ship will be ready to sail, if the weather permits.
The ship will call at Yokohama.
The ship will cross the equator today.
The ship will cross the equator tonight.
The ship will dock at Yokohama and Kobe.
The ship will make a stop at Cadiz.
The ship will reach the wormhole in a few hours.
The ship will set sail at noon.
The ship will set sail for Hong Kong tomorrow at 3 p.m.
The ship will stop in Yokohama.
The ship will touch at Yokohama and Kobe.
The ship would burn if the shield is not repaired.
The ship wound in and out among the islands.
The ship's captain had no schedule in particular.
The ship's captain ordered the radio operator to send a distress signal.
The ship's cargo has been unloaded.
The ship's cargo was unloaded.
The ship's crew is now complete.
The ship's crew waited in vain for a favourable wind.
The ship's flag could hardly be made out in the fog.
The ship's flag was barely visible in the fog.
The ship's going to cross the equator tomorrow.
The ship's going to sink!
The ship's hull is damaged.
The ship's in the port.
The ship's medical personnel will care for nonvirus patients in an effort to shift some of the burden from the city’s overwhelmed hospitals, which are focused on the outbreak.
The ship's mission is to boldly go where no man has gone before.
The ship, covered in thick fog, set sail at dawn.
The shipment Friday afternoon was the first tranche of about 1.2 million doses of Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine allocations for Malawi through the COVAX program.
The shipment has reached us safely.
The shipment was damaged by the rain.
The shipping container was sent to Algeria.
The shipping cost was too expensive, so I decided against buying it.
The shipping costs will be covered by me.
The ships can orient themselves to the lighthouse's light signals.
The ships left the port never to be seen again.
The ships reached port.
The ships were buffeted by the wind and the rain.
The ships were made from wood.
The ships were made of wood in those days.
The ships were waiting in line.
The shipyard has about 20,000 workers. Three-thousand of them attended the apprentice school.
The ship’s captain ordered the radio operator to send a distress signal.
The ship’s computer informed Leon that the oxygen level was low.
The ship’s going to sink!
The shirring in Hennessy’s lips tightened, and he drew his breath in and out in a sort of asthmatic whistle.
The shirt I got from Tom fit me perfectly.
The shirt I like is blue.
The shirt Tom gave me fit me perfectly.
The shirt Tom is wearing doesn't fit him very well.
The shirt Tom is wearing is the one I gave him.
The shirt Tom is wearing is too big for him.
The shirt Tom is wearing is wrinkled.
The shirt Tom was wearing didn't fit him very well.
The shirt Tom was wearing today was made by his mother.
The shirt Tom was wearing was ugly.
The shirt Tom was wearing was very wrinkled.
The shirt is clean and dry.
The shirt is clean.
The shirt is closer than the skirt.
The shirt is dirty.
The shirt is green and orange.
The shirt is large for me.
The shirt is made from pure wool.
The shirt is made of cotton.
The shirt is not for sale.
The shirt is pulling on him.
The shirt is stained.
The shirt is still damp.
The shirt is striped.
The shirt is tight on him.
The shirt is too tight on you.
The shirt is very dirty. Before you go to school, it has to be washed.
The shirt must be ironed.
The shirt needs ironing.
The shirt needs pressing.
The shirt she apparently seriously thought suited me I turned down and decided to accept a light blue polo shirt.
The shirt that I got from Tom fit me perfectly.
The shirt that I've just bought is very nice.
The shirt that Tom gave me fit me perfectly.
The shirt that Tom is wearing doesn't fit him very well.
The shirt that Tom was wearing didn't fit him very well.
The shirt that Tom was wearing was ugly.
The shirt that Tom was wearing was very wrinkled.
The shirt that you gave me fit perfectly.
The shirt that you gave me fits perfectly.
The shirt that you're wearing is really wrinkled.
The shirt you gave me fit perfectly.
The shirt you gave me fits perfectly.
The shirt you're wearing is really wrinkled.
The shirt's colour has faded.
The shirts are dry.
The shirts are still damp.
The shit has hit the fan.
The shit smells bad.
The shock absorbers are in good condition.
The shock deprived her of speech.
The shock has made her half-witted, but I understand that she was never very bright.
The shock of her father's death lingered on and she didn't feel like going out at all.
The shock of her father’s death lingered on and she didn’t feel like going out at all.
The shock on William's face was priceless.
The shock rendered Tom speechless.
The shock robbed her of her speech.
The shock robbed her of speech for a moment.
The shock was terrible.
The shock wave came and obliterated everything and everyone.
The shock wave radiated away from the center.
The shocks of several explosions were felt for miles.
The shoe belongs to Ziri.
The shoe department is on the third floor.
The shoe doesn't fit me. It's too small.
The shoe fell off the horse's hoof.
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
The shoelace came untied.
The shoemaker followed him forthwith, as fast as he could, bawling, stop the thief, stop the thief.
The shoemaker ran after him straight way, shouting, Stop thief, Stop thief!
The shoemaker said the shoes were too old to repair.
The shoemaker's son always goes barefoot.
The shoes I bought yesterday aren't very comfortable.
The shoes I gave Mary were too small for her.
The shoes I gave Sami were too small for him.
The shoes I gave Tom and Mary were too small for them.
The shoes I gave Tom were too small for him.
The shoes I'm wearing don't fit me very well.
The shoes I'm wearing don't fit very well.
The shoes and the white toga are in the bedroom.
The shoes are going out of style.
The shoes are made of alligator skin.
The shoes are made of leather.
The shoes are manufactured in Italy.
The shoes are old.
The shoes are the same size.
The shoes are too big for me.
The shoes are too small.
The shoes are too tight for me.
The shoes are under the bed.
The shoes are worn out.
The shoes belonged to her.
The shoes don't fit me.
The shoes go well with that white blouse.
The shoes go well with this white blouse.
The shoes match this white skirt.
The shoes need to be polished.
The shoes that I bought yesterday aren't very comfortable.
The shoes that you bought are too small.
The shoes the boy wore were not white.
The shoes were made of some soft stuff that looked like leather.
The shoes will chafe if you don't wear socks.
The shoes you are wearing look rather expensive.
The shoes you bought for Tom are too small for him.
The shooter took his own life.
The shooting and subsequent trial attracted nationwide attention.
The shooting has stopped.
The shooting iron binds.
The shooting occurred Monday morning.
The shooting occurred early Monday.
The shooting started around noon.
The shooting victim is alive, but just barely.
The shooting will be done overseas for five weeks.
The shootout lasted for minutes.
The shop accepts cash payments only.
The shop also offers the full range of sacred hardware — and all these chalices and crucifixes and tabernacles are worth a pretty penny.
The shop always closed at five pm on weekdays.
The shop assistant needed to verify Tom's age.
The shop assistant put the money in the till.
The shop assistant went out of his way to find what we needed.
The shop assistants were all very nice.
The shop carried leather goods.
The shop closed at 5.
The shop closes at seven.
The shop did not want him.
The shop didn't want Tom.
The shop doesn't close for lunch.
The shop had sold out its stock of that magazine.
The shop has been closed since five o'clock.
The shop has put up all the prices.
The shop has raised all its prices.
The shop is across from the bank.
The shop is also open at lunchtime.
The shop is also open at night.
The shop is also open during lunchtime.
The shop is closed all week.
The shop is closed at nine every evening.
The shop is closed on Mondays.
The shop is closed on Sunday.
The shop is closed on Sundays.
The shop is closed today.
The shop is closed.
The shop is just in front of the station.
The shop is just opposite the theatre.
The shop is kept under police supervision.
The shop is on the corner of the street.
The shop is on the other side of the theater.
The shop is open all day without closing for lunch.
The shop is open all day.
The shop is open from Monday to Saturday.
The shop is open.
The shop is opposite the bank.
The shop keepers don't need to work today.
The shop might already be closed.
The shop next door was robbed during the night.
The shop offers a wide choice of fresh, organic vegetables.
The shop on the corner sells cheap sunglasses.
The shop on the corner sells fruit at a very good price.
The shop only admits payments in cash.
The shop only allows payment in cash.
The shop only had 2XL shirts in their own brand.
The shop only takes payment in cash.
The shop opens at 9 am.
The shop opens at 9 o'clock.
The shop opens at 9.00 am.
The shop raised all of its prices.
The shop seems closed today.
The shop seems to be closed today.
The shop sells a variety of goods.
The shop sells all sorts of bric-a-brac.
The shop sells all sorts of bric-à-brac.
The shop sells articles of all kinds.
The shop sells different products.
The shop sells expensive accessories for women.
The shop sells vegetables.
The shop shuts at five.
The shop sold analogue and digital clocks.
The shop stays open all day.
The shop was busy.
The shop was closed when I went there.
The shop was closed.
The shop was crowded with young people.
The shop was empty.
The shop was fairly empty.
The shop was pretty empty.
The shop was quite empty.
The shop wasn't very big, right?
The shop where I bought the ring is closed today.
The shop window was broken by a stone.
The shop windows display the latest fashion.
The shop won't be open for clients tomorrow.
The shop won't close for Christmas week.
The shop's been shut since five o'clock.
The shop's closed.
The shop's open at lunchtime as well.
The shop's roller door is already shut.
The shop's shut.
The shop, the advertisement, traffic, all that commerce which constitutes the body of our world, was gone.
The shopkeeper couldn't tell warp from weft.
The shopkeeper gave me a nice discount.
The shopkeeper gave me thirty-three cents in change.
The shopkeeper let this cloth go for almost nothing.
The shopkeeper said that the shoes are Bangladeshi.
The shopkeeper urged me to buy it.
The shopkeeper was tired of chasing his debtors so from then on he demanded payment in full.
The shopkeeper went out of her way to help us.
The shopowner did not realise that many of his wares had already expired.
The shoppers clamored in droves.
The shoppers stood in a line.
The shoppers stood in a queue.
The shopping arcade was covered with lots of paper decorations.
The shopping bag that they brought was too small.
The shopping bag that they're carrying.
The shopping bags that they brought were too small.
The shopping center has restaurants, a gym, a nail saloon, and a laundromat.
The shopping center is a mile further down the road.
The shopping center is one mile ahead.
The shopping center will be demolished.
The shopping district is easily accessible from our house.
The shopping festival that everyone had been waiting for starts today. Because of this, the security force has thoroughly checked their plan to protect the safety of those attending for any flaws.
The shopping list included a bottle of milk.
The shopping list included a gallon of milk.
The shopping list is pinned to the pinboard. Have a look at it and see if you can think of anything else we need.
The shopping precinct, built in the 1960s, is tired and run-down.
The shops are already closed now.
The shops are closed on Sundays.
The shops are closed.
The shops are for the most part closed at ten o'clock.
The shops are for the most part closed at ten o’clock.
The shops are open.
The shops are still open.
The shops have got to reopen.
The shops have to be reopened.
The shops have to reopen.
The shops in the city were closed.
The shops in the street were for the most part closed.
The shops in town were closed.
The shops look merry with their bright toys and their green branches.
The shops must be reopened.
The shops need to be reopened.
The shops need to reopen.
The shops were all closed.
The shops were bad, but the factory was worse.
The shops were closed because of the strike.
The shopwoman showed me a lot of neckties, but I didn't like any of them.
The shopwoman showed me a lot of neckties, but I didn’t like any of them.
The shore road was woodsy and wild and lonesome.
The shoreline and coastal wetlands provide critical feeding and resting habitat for shorebirds and waders.
The short answer is no.
The short answer is yes.
The short circuit blew a fuse.
The short coconut trees will surround the lake.
The short man wears a black suit.
The short man wears a sweater.
The short robot burst out of the bushes and attacked the cat, but could not shoot.
The short skirt is out of fashion.
The short term contract employees were dismissed without notice.
The short woman is wearing a black suit.
The short woman wears a gray suit.
The shortage has also placed enormous strain on social services programs such as the federal Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, known by the acronym WIC.
The shortage of engineers is the greatest bottleneck to the development of our company.
The shortage of manpower poses a big problem for us.
The shortage of water means that plants cannot thrive.
The shortage started when leaded petrol was recently phased out for unleaded petrol.
The shortcoming in infancy is, first off, not knowing the horrible, and secondly, fearing that which should not be feared. The same occurs to the natural man; he ignores where horror truly lies, where the grips of trembles never falter, but rather, shivers at what is not horrible.
The shorter the better.
The shorter the proverb, the more questions.
The shorter your username is, the easier it is for others to remember it.
The shortest comments are often the most useful ones.
The shortest route between two places is usually blocked by roadworks.
The shortstop then throws the ball to the first baseman.
The shot fatally wounded Tom.
The shot gun is registered to Yanni, not Skura.
The shot putter says she's ready to make the best throw of her life.
The shot rang out, and the deer, like an arrow, rushed forward.
The shot unleashed panic in the conference room.
The shot was unstoppable.
The shotgun went off.
The shoulder joins the arm to the torso.
The shoulder joints, as well as moving on their own, also move in conjunction with arm movements.
The shoulders have carried much, it's time to unload now.
The shoulders really hurt me.
The shouting echoes loud.
The shouting echoes loudly.
The show Glee is about an a cappella high school group that competes against other a cappella high school groups, but I promise, it's really quite entertaining.
The show Hoarders is one of the primary causes of armchair psychology in America.
The show Hoarders is one of the primary causes of armchair psychology in the United States.
The show also features the Soil Lamp, by another Dutch designer, Marieke Staps, that operates on the electrolytic energy contained in damp soil enclosed in copper and zinc cells. Only a splash of water now and then is needed to "recharge" the soil.
The show alternates between skits and songs.
The show displays orchid species that originated all over the world. Now, they are grown a few kilometers away in greenhouses. There the temperatures are adjusted so the orchids bloom in time for the show.
The show eventually folded.
The show failed.
The show has already started.
The show has been canceled.
The show has been cancelled.
The show has just started.
The show has lost a lot of its mystique over seven seasons.
The show is about to begin.
The show is about to start.
The show is being recorded in studio 4.
The show is confirmed.
The show is full of product placement.
The show is just now starting.
The show is just starting.
The show is on Friday.
The show is on Monday.
The show is on Saturday.
The show is on Sunday.
The show is on Thursday.
The show is on Tuesday.
The show is on Wednesday.
The show is on.
The show is only a simulation of reality.
The show is over for Ziri.
The show is over.
The show is prefixed with a warning disclaimer.
The show is ruined now!
The show is staged in the largest tent in North America, a space big enough to allow the horses to gallop and the acrobats to fly through the air.
The show is starting soon.
The show is starting.
The show is two hours away in Algiers.
The show lasted two hours.
The show must go on despite everything.
The show must go on, whatever happens.
The show must go on.
The show opened to mixed reviews.
The show presented modern art from Europe.
The show starts at 2:30.
The show starts at midnight.
The show starts at noon.
The show starts in a few minutes.
The show starts in ten minutes.
The show turned out to be just as disappointing as they said.
The show was a success.
The show was a total bust.
The show was a total fiasco.
The show was an electrifying hit.
The show was broadcast live.
The show was cancelled.
The show was directed by Tom Jackson.
The show was exciting.
The show was far from being a failure.
The show was fun.
The show was interesting.
The show was pants.
The show was pleasing to the audience.
The show was review bombed on Rotten Tomatoes.
The show was so boring that Ann and I fell asleep.
The show was very interesting. You should have seen it.
The show was well attended.
The show was wonderful, but the tickets were too expensive.
The show was wonderful. You should have seen it.
The show was wonderful. You should've seen it.
The show went on hiatus.
The show went quite well.
The show will be a great feature of tonight's program.
The show will be a great feature of tonight’s program.
The show will be on the air at 7 p.m.
The show will be starting soon.
The show will begin soon.
The show's Friday.
The show's Monday.
The show's Saturday.
The show's Sunday.
The show's Thursday.
The show's Tuesday.
The show's Wednesday.
The show's about a New Jersey mob boss who's in psychotherapy.
The show's about to start.
The show's almost over.
The show's been cancelled.
The show's going to be great.
The show's main plot is about a bachelor taking in two orphaned children.
The show's theme song sounded like a cross between J-pop and salsa, with a little bit of a 70's vibe thrown in for good measure.
The show's third season started in March.
The show's title is Caravaggio — an impossible exhibition. Ms. Ambrose said there are only about 70 authenticated Caravaggio paintings in existence in the world. Bringing nearly all of them together, she said, would have been difficult, if not impossible.
The show's very entertaining.
The showcase was crowded again.
The showcasing of cultural events began.
The shower doesn't work.
The shower drain is very slow.
The shower head in this shower is too low.
The shower in my bathroom is very small.
The shower is being used.
The shower is broken.
The shower is occupied.
The shower is still occupied.
The shower sets contain elements which have been handpicked.
The shower water evacuated through the channel.
The shower's free.
The showgirl's headdress was so tall she had to duck to get through the door.
The shrapnel from an explosion is usually more dangerous than the shock wave.
The shrike can't harm us anymore.
The shrike can’t harm us anymore.
The shrill song of the cicadas produces an unpleasant acoustic sensation.
The shrimp cocktail at Benedito's restaurant is classic.
The shrimp scampi at Benedito's restaurant is garlicky and buttery.
The shrimp that falls asleep is carried away by the current.
The shrimp that falls asleep is swept away by the current.
The shrine gate is huge.
The shrine was built two hundred years ago.
The shrinking of the domestic market has been blamed on inflation.
The shroud has no pockets.
The shroud obscured the dancer's face.
The shrunken appearance of the tomatoes on the vine indicated they weren't watered enough.
The shuffling sound continued.
The shutter is broken.
The shutter is open.
The shutter's over here. All you have to do is press it.
The shutters were closed tight.
The shutter’s over here. All you have to do is press it.
The shuttle came from outside the Earth’s atmosphere.
The shuttle is the third ship to arrive at the ISS in recent weeks. It is sharing the station with Orbital ATK's supply ship Cygnus, as well as two Russian Progress freighters and two Russian Soyuz crew capsules.
The shy Chinese cleaner brought tea to the meeting room.
The shy Chinese cleaner brought us tea in the meeting room.
The shy boy blushed at her compliment.
The shy boy mumbled his name.
The shy boy murmured his name.
The shy boy was utterly embarrassed in her presence.
The shy disciple mumbled his answer.
The shy girl kept her idea to herself.
The shy pupil murmured his answer.
The siblings are arguing.
The siblings are fighting tooth and nail over the estate their father left them in his will.
The siblings are quarrelling.
The siblings are walking on the beach.
The siblings fought tooth and nail over their late father's estate.
The siblings hate each other.
The sick boy is growing stronger each day.
The sick boy is in a critical condition.
The sick boy recovered quickly.
The sick child healed quickly.
The sick child quickly got well.
The sick child sat up in bed.
The sick child will be cared for by the neighbor.
The sick child's mother implored the doctor to come immediately.
The sick giraffe recovered its health.
The sick man required constant attention.
The sick man rested on the bed.
The sick man's life is in danger.
The sick man’s life is in danger.
The sick person had the best of care.
The sick person is better.
The sick person was only skin and bones.
The sick person was rushed to the hospital in an ambulance.
The sick woman cannot eat just anything.
The sick woman goes to the doctor.
The sick, tired men finally reached the mountain town where he was waiting.
The sicker of the two is not the one he thinks.
The sickness completely ravaged him.
The sickness has weakened your organism.
The sickness is taking its course.
The sickness worsened during the night.
The side effects of this condition are challenging for a teenager.
The side entrance is locked.
The side of my body was all dirty.
The side of my tongue hurts.
The side of the house was covered with ivy.
The sidebar is displayed on the edge of the page below the site logo.
The sides also discussed the operations of the UAE’s Masdar company in Azerbaijan, cooperation in the field of renewable energy, strategic cooperation programs, and potential future projects in this area.
The sidewalk is slippery.
The sidewalk is still a bit slippery.
The sidewalk is very slippery.
The sidewalk is well maintained.
The sidewalk was covered with fallen leaves.
The sidewalk was slippery.
The sidewalk was very slippery.
The sidewalks are deserted.
The sidewalks were wet after the rain.
The siege lasted until August.
The siege of the fortress lasted a long time.
The siege took only three hours.
The sight arrested my attention.
The sight before her horrified her.
The sight fetched tears from their eyes.
The sight filled Vasilissa with horror and she stopped as still as a post buried in the ground.
The sight filled me with fear and terror.
The sight gave me a shock.
The sight has been indelibly etched in my mind.
The sight is considered the most complex of the five senses.
The sight made a chill run down my spine.
The sight made my blood freeze.
The sight made my flesh creep.
The sight memory organ is below the hypothalamus.
The sight of a familiar face made me feel more comfortable.
The sight of a friendly face in the great wilderness of London is a pleasant thing indeed to a lonely man.
The sight of a gigantic spider above her head triggered a surge of panic in Anna, rendering her momentarily paralyzed.
The sight of a majestic elk with its antlers fully grown was breathtaking.
The sight of all these things would have kindled love even among the aged and greatly did it inflame this young couple, already warmed by desire and longing for some other remedy, to love beyond a kiss and an embrace.
The sight of an old car like the one his dad used to drive brought on a wave of nostalgia for William.
The sight of an oversized spider near the chandelier sent shivers down Anna's spine, making her retreat to a safe distance.
The sight of blood made her excited.
The sight of blood makes me feel queasy and lightheaded.
The sight of blood turned his stomach.
The sight of families and friends coming together to celebrate brings me immense joy during Christmas.
The sight of fresh lobster gave me an appetite.
The sight of frosted trees is simply beautiful.
The sight of her made him happy.
The sight of him is hateful to me.
The sight of him was anathema to her.
The sight of him was hateful to her.
The sight of his mother Instantly enlivened the child.
The sight of naked injustice struck terror into their hearts.
The sight of people raking leaves is rare these days, replaced as it has been by the sound of leaf blowers.
The sight of the black cat scared him.
The sight of the centipede on the wall was enough to make my skin crawl.
The sight of the fair young girl, as frank and wholesome as the Sierra breezes, had stirred his volcanic, untamed heart to its very depths.
The sight of the money tempted him into stealing.
The sight of the praying mantis flying into her office sent Anna into a state of panic.
The sight of the ruins brought home to him the meaning of war.
The sight of you is an abomination to me.
The sight of you leaves me weak.
The sight sent chills of delight up my spine.
The sight struck me with wonder.
The sight tempted him to steal.
The sight was indescribably splendid.
The sight was splendid beyond description.
The sight was splendid beyond words.
The sight was too miserable to look at.
The sight which met his eyes confirmed his worst fears.
The sightseeing boat this afternoon is called Sharp’s Island. The captain is Mike Richards. As he pilots the boat away from Tilghman Island in Maryland, it glides by beautiful homes near the water. Some of the homes have yachts and other very nice boats tied a short walk from their back door.
The sightseeing bus ran through a long tunnel.
The sign "&" stands for "and".
The sign '&' stands for 'and'.
The sign for siblings in Japanese sign language could well be misunderstood by many Americans with disastrous consequences.
The sign had significance though.
The sign had significance, though.
The sign in the park read "Keep off the grass."
The sign indicates the location of the escalator.
The sign indicates the way to go.
The sign means that the answer is correct.
The sign of the fish was used by early Christians as a secret symbol.
The sign on the board put me in mind of something I had to do.
The sign said "Closed for repairs."
The sign said "Slippery when wet."
The sign said don't park on Main Street, but he parked there anyway.
The sign said that we were thirty kilometers from the city.
The sign said to stop.
The sign said, "Take nothing but pictures. Leave nothing but footprints."
The sign said: "Beware of dog".
The sign says "Closed Mondays".
The sign says "Closed on Mondays".
The sign says "Exit."
The sign says "No Esperanto."
The sign says "Stop". You must stop here.
The sign says "no smoking".
The sign says that the police will take your car away if you park it here.
The sign says this city is called Itu.
The sign says, "Multilingual Chat Club. No Esperanto."
The sign warned people not to park.
The sign warns us to look out for traffic.
The sign warns you that the police will tow your car away if you park here.
The sign warns: "Danger – High Voltage".
The sign was hastily marked up and put up at the entrance of the nature reserve.
The sign was immediately removed.
The sign ’&’ stands for ’and’.
The signal at the intersection didn't increase the number of the traffic accidents in the city.
The signal at the intersection didn’t increase the number of the traffic accidents in the city.
The signal here is bad.
The signal here is poor.
The signal is bad here.
The signal is clear.
The signal is weak, so an amplifier is used.
The signal reminds those not intending to travel to leave the ship.
The signal turned from red to green.
The signal turned green.
The signal turning red, he stopped his car.
The signal warns those not intending to travel to disembark from the ship.
The signal was not sent by Gustavo.
The signal was red.
The signal's very weak.
The signature had been a forgery.
The signature of the armistice put an end to years of bloody conflicts, heavy in human and material losses.
The signature of the girl is very beautiful.
The signature was forged.
The signers have not seen the manuscript of the grammar itself and their endorsement as here presented may not be construed as applying to anything but the guiding ideas of the Preface.
The significant point as regards the segregation problem is to clarify the value system of each group.
The signifier is not identical to the signified.
The signifiers are the same, but not the signified.
The signpost had a green arrow pointing towards the park.
The signpost said "Welcome to Itu!"
The signs all blew off of the signposts.
The signs have different colors.
The silence and stealth of a hungry cat.
The silence between us is deafening.
The silence grew heavy.
The silence in the forest is restful.
The silence in the library was disturbed by the ringing of a cell phone.
The silence is bothering me.
The silence is deafening.
The silence is killing me.
The silence is oppressive.
The silence of an empty bedroom intensifies my worries and makes me feel isolated.
The silence of some Japanese is difficult for some Westerners to understand.
The silence of the library provided the perfect environment for studying.
The silence of the night comforts us.
The silence of the night was broken by a scream.
The silence speaks louder than words.
The silence was a bit awkward.
The silence was broken by a loud cough.
The silence was broken by the sound of Tom loudly blowing his nose.
The silence was deafening, almost sickening.
The silence was deafening.
The silence was horrifying.
The silence was long enough for Ziri to fall asleep.
The silence was loud.
The silence was shattered by Leon’s call.
The silence was so absolute that it nearly pressed on my ears.
The silence was so pressing that Tom could hear the beating of his heart and the thudding of blood in his temples.
The silence was unbearable.
The silence was unsettling to me.
The silent man seemed even more clumsy than usual, and drank champagne with regularity and determination out of sheer nervousness.
The silhouette of that gown gives your waist a tad more definition, and the neckline really shows off your collarbones.
The silhouette remained still.
The silicon carbide-based microprocessor is able to withstand the hellish temperature as well as the crushing atmospheric pressure on Venus' surface, about 90 times that of Earth.
The silk dress shimmers in the light.
The silk moth is a large moth whose caterpillar spins a cocoon used for silk production.
The silkworm is spinning a thread.
The silliest thing I read today is that dead people didn’t define the languages we use.
The silver balls are around the red ball.
The silver is on the table.
The silver keys are actually collectible.
The silver scrolls, thought to date from the sixth century B.C., contain a version of a prayer called the Priestly Benediction, which Professor Zuckerman says is well known to Jews and Christians.
The silver tier certification is given to countries that have lowered the mother-to-child HIV transmission rate to under five percent and provided prenatal care and anti-retroviral treatment to more than 90 percent of pregnant women.
The silverware goes in the top drawer.
The silverware is in the top drawer.
The silverware is ugly.
The similarities are many.
The similarities between Tom and Frankenstein are impossible to ignore.
The similarities end there.
The similarity between the two persons is astonishing.
The similarity is pretty vague.
The simple beauty of your verses touched my heart and made me cry.
The simple perception of natural forms is a delight.
The simple present is mainly used for habitual actions, or occasionally when telling a story.
The simpler it is, the easier it is to remember.
The simplest atom is hydrogen.
The simplest dishes are often the best.
The simplest explanation is always the most likely.
The simplest sentences are the most elegant ones.
The simplest solution is often the best.
The simplest solution tends to be the best one.
The simplest solutions are always the best.
The simplest way is often the best way to solve a problem.
The simplicity of its republican origin had so far affected the external character and expression of the imperial office, that in the midst of luxury the most unbounded, and spite of all other corruptions, a majestic plainness of manners, deportment, and dress, had still continued from generation to generation, characteristic of the Roman imperator in his intercourse with his subjects.
The simplicity of words has importance in writing.
The simplicity, reliability, and effectiveness of their design would make it the yardstick against which all future firearms would be judged.
The simplification of life is one of the steps to inner peace.
The simplistic nature of Wapanacahkos' demeanor was very calming to the travellers who passed her.
The sincere home should be full of purpose and personality—decorations, rugs, ornaments, hangings and all, you know.
The singer Karla has a beautiful voice.
The singer broke the windows.
The singer fought his way through the crowd of fans.
The singer has a beautiful voice.
The singer has a good opera voice, but I don't think he'll catch on with young people.
The singer has a lovely voice.
The singer has a very low voice.
The singer has a very nice voice.
The singer ignored the interview request from the press.
The singer is as famous as Madonna.
The singer is famous not only in Japan but also in Europe.
The singer is famous.
The singer is going to be a hit.
The singer is known to everybody at our school.
The singer is known to everyone.
The singer is popular among young people.
The singer is talented.
The singer is very popular with teenage fans.
The singer no longer has a future.
The singer said "Boston" and everybody clapped and cheered.
The singer sings while playing the piano.
The singer sounds like Bob Marley, but apparently he's just some white guy from New Jersey.
The singer suddenly switches into falsetto.
The singer was Tom.
The singer was at his best in that song.
The singer was clearly lip-syncing during the concert.
The singer was killed by wild coyotes.
The singer was known to young people.
The singer was standing by in the studio.
The singer's voice has an otherworldly quality.
The singer's voice is sweet.
The singer's voice melts your heart.
The singer, who is from Okinawa, is very popular among young people.
The singers sang together in order to raise money to help people with AIDS.
The singer’s voice melts your heart.
The singing and the orchestral accompaniment are gradually becoming louder.
The singing as well as the orchestral accompaniment gradually gets louder.
The singing continued for a bit, and then, it stopped.
The singing continued for a while.
The singing got increasingly louder.
The singing kept getting louder.
The singing of the local birds is akin to the sound of a drill.
The singing wasn't getting any louder.
The single pipeline serves all the house with water.
The single rooms were all booked up.
The single rooms were fully booked.
The single sat at the top of the charts for a record sixteen weeks.
The single-minded way he gets on with his life is truly admirable.
The singular case tonight hastens our union. You are mine! I've already told you and sworn it many times, now we will not say nor swear it anymore, now it must be so!
The singular centrosome in animal cells duplicates during the S phase of interphase, in preparation for cell division later on.
The singular of data is datum.
The sink drain is clogged.
The sink drain is slow as hell.
The sink drain is so slow.
The sink in the bathroom is blocked.
The sink is almost overflowing.
The sink is broken.
The sink is clogged again.
The sink is clogged.
The sink is dirty and clogged.
The sink is dirty.
The sink is flooded with dishes, and no one is doing anything.
The sink is full of dirty dishes.
The sink is full of dishes.
The sink is leaking.
The sink is made of marble.
The sink is pink.
The sink let out a low gurgle.
The sink was full of dirty dishes.
The sink was full, so I left the plate on the countertop.
The sink was full, so I left the plate on the worktop.
The sink was full, so I've left the plate on the worktop.
The sinkhole, now about 10 meters across, is threatening to devour the entire house.
The sinking of the RMS Lusitania caused an international outcry.
The sinking of the patrol ship Sergey Kotov was the result of a complex operation consisting of various seemingly unrelated stages.
The sinner repented, and the anger subsided.
The sinographic system is not really Daoistic.
The sins of the fathers are visited upon the children.
The sins of youth beget the infirmities of age.
The sinuous, Arabic-based script was the main method of writing Malay until the language was romanized by the British in the early 20th century, and is little practiced today outside of mosques and madrassas.
The sinus pressure returned with a vengeance.
The siren blew.
The siren is broken.
The siren sounded an emergency.
The sirens are wailing.
The sirens blared in the distance, approaching fast.
The sirens got louder and louder.
The sirens howled. Nan, waking with a start from her afternoon sleep, thought it was an air raid.
The sirens wailed.
The sirens went off.
The sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has issued an ominous military threat toward South Korea, vowing unspecified retaliation over South Korean activists who have floated anti-Pyongyang leaflets into the North.
The sister of a parent is an aunt.
The sister of my father is my aunt.
The sister of my mother is my aunt.
The sister of my wife is my wife's sister.
The sister of your father or mother is your aunt.
The sister of your husband is your sister-in-law.
The sister-in-law of a parent is an aunt.
The sisters are both blondes.
The sisters are quite alike.
The sisters are quite unalike.
The sisters are quite unlike.
The sisters are thirsty.
The sisters dueled with each other verbally.
The sisters hate each other.
The sisters lived in harmony with each other.
The sisters lived to be 100 years old.
The sisters look like each other.
The sisters often quarrel over nothing.
The sisters played a duet on the violin and piano.
The sisters sell their bath bombs, bar soaps, loofahs and lip balms at the farmers' market.
The sisters wore matching dresses.
The site also has videos and text articles on topics in the news and on dozens of clickable categories, from autos, computers and science to food and money.
The site doesn't work on Mozilla Firefox.
The site for the new factory has not been decided.
The site for the new school has been bought.
The site gets more than 30 million visits a day.
The site has never been excavated properly.
The site http://esperanto.typeit.org/ really facilitated my survival in Tatoeba.
The site is completely open to additions and corrections, twenty-four hours a day, but that means it's wide open to ideologues and vandals who deliberately post false information, unfounded accusations, and smut.
The site is growing more in Brazil than in the rest of the world.
The site is international and primarily focuses on radical politics, with categories ranging from Ableism to War and Imperialism.
The site is no ordinary Internet chatroom. It's a simulated classroom in which pupils and tutors can talk by microphone and share a writing surface on the computer screen.
The site is open to the public.
The site is used for military purposes.
The site isn't working at all.
The site of the castle is now a park.
The site of the condominium is enclosed with stakes.
The site should be working just fine now.
The site was productive in development.
The site was taken down because it contained malware.
The site's kind of lagging lately.
The site's kinda lagging a bit recently.
The site's not working at all.
The site's traffic is steadily increasing.
The sitting government is likely to win in the coming election.
The situation Tom described actually happened once in Australia.
The situation Tom described actually happened once in Boston.
The situation almost got out of control.
The situation appeared hopeless.
The situation appears desperate.
The situation at home is getting more unbearable every day.
The situation at home was pretty tense.
The situation became ambiguous.
The situation became chaotic.
The situation became dangerous.
The situation became increasingly dangerous.
The situation became ugly.
The situation became uncertain.
The situation became very dire.
The situation became very ugly.
The situation became worse by the minute.
The situation began to change in 1993 after the return to power of national leader Heydar Aliyev at the request of the people.
The situation called for quick, decisive action.
The situation calls for drastic measures.
The situation calls for our action.
The situation calls for our cool judgement.
The situation can change at any moment.
The situation changed after the fall of the nationalists.
The situation changed the following year.
The situation concerns me.
The situation could change at any time.
The situation could get ugly.
The situation could only be settled by war.
The situation didn't upset Tom.
The situation doesn't look good.
The situation doesn't seem very promising.
The situation drove Zoe to despair.
The situation escalated into a nationwide insurrection.
The situation escalated, and Tom had to intervene.
The situation felt so surreal.
The situation gets worse and worse.
The situation gives cause for concern.
The situation got a lot worse.
The situation got completely out of control.
The situation got complicated because you refused your support.
The situation got out of control.
The situation got out of hand.
The situation got out of her control.
The situation got out of his control.
The situation got out of our control.
The situation got out of the government's control.
The situation got out of the government’s control.
The situation got out of their control.
The situation got out of your control.
The situation got really bad.
The situation got ugly.
The situation got very ugly.
The situation got worse.
The situation grew worse.
The situation had fundamentally changed, and all prior plans had to be scrapped.
The situation has become hopeless.
The situation has become much worse.
The situation has become very dangerous.
The situation has become very volatile.
The situation has calmed down a bit.
The situation has changed dramatically.
The situation has changed.
The situation has come to the point where we either sink or swim.
The situation has deteriorated.
The situation has evolved into a more complex problem.
The situation has got us all on alert.
The situation has gotten out of my control. Nothing is going as expected.
The situation has gotten worse lately.
The situation has gotten worse since then.
The situation has gotten worse.
The situation has improved considerably compared to what it was.
The situation has improved considerably compared with what it was.
The situation has improved.
The situation has now changed.
The situation has now got out of control.
The situation has really deteriorated.
The situation has returned to normal in Algeria.
The situation has stabilized.
The situation has taken on a new aspect.
The situation has worsened since then.
The situation has worsened.
The situation hasn't changed at all.
The situation hasn't changed in the slightest.
The situation hasn't changed.
The situation hasn't gotten any better.
The situation hasn't improved at all.
The situation hasn't improved.
The situation hasn’t changed at all.
The situation he was in became more and more unbearable.
The situation here is unique.
The situation in Afghanistan demonstrates America's goals, and our need to work together.
The situation in Afghanistan demonstrates America’s goals, and our need to work together.
The situation in Afghanistan demonstrates the goals of the United States, and our need to work together.
The situation in Algeria could spiral out of control.
The situation in Algeria has started to turn around.
The situation in East Jerusalem is extremely volatile.
The situation in Hungary was more confused, at least until 1947.
The situation in Jerusalem and the West Bank is now too serious to be just ignored by the rest of the world.
The situation in Kobani, meanwhile, has become critical in a very short time.
The situation in Kyrgyzstan is a real mess.
The situation in Morocco is actually very volatile.
The situation in Morocco is quite dangerous.
The situation in Palestine is not looking good.
The situation in Palestine is too serious to be ignored.
The situation in Palestine is very complex.
The situation in Sudan could spiral out of control.
The situation in eastern Ukraine is an absolute hell.
The situation in now getting unfavorable.
The situation in the West Bank is difficult and you can't move freely.
The situation in the historic center is relatively stable.
The situation in the home got more tense by the minute.
The situation in the old town is relatively stable.
The situation in the region has stabilized.
The situation in the world changed dramatically.
The situation is FUBAR.
The situation is a lot worse than we imagined.
The situation is abnormal.
The situation is absolutely crazy.
The situation is bad because of you.
The situation is bad enough as it is.
The situation is bad.
The situation is becoming arduous.
The situation is becoming more and more dire for me.
The situation is becoming unfavorable.
The situation is better, if anything.
The situation is beyond my control.
The situation is beyond my grasp.
The situation is beyond tense.
The situation is capable of improvement.
The situation is changing rapidly.
The situation is complex and depressingly grim.
The situation is complicated.
The situation is critical.
The situation is desperate.
The situation is deteriorating by the hour.
The situation is deteriorating dramatically.
The situation is deteriorating in the West Bank.
The situation is deteriorating.
The situation is different in Algeria.
The situation is different today.
The situation is difficult.
The situation is dire.
The situation is disastrous.
The situation is disturbing.
The situation is escalating.
The situation is evidently pretty grim.
The situation is evolving rapidly.
The situation is extremely critical.
The situation is extremely serious.
The situation is extremely unstable.
The situation is extremely volatile.
The situation is far more serious than we thought.
The situation is getting a little too complicated.
The situation is getting better.
The situation is getting out of control.
The situation is getting out of hand.
The situation is getting worse and worse day by day.
The situation is getting worse and worse.
The situation is getting worse by the day.
The situation is getting worse by the hour.
The situation is getting worse day by day.
The situation is getting worse every day.
The situation is getting worse than ever.
The situation is getting worse.
The situation is gradually moving towards a resolution.
The situation is grave.
The situation is grim.
The situation is growing progressively worse.
The situation is growing serious.
The situation is hopeless.
The situation is horrible.
The situation is improving, so cheer up!
The situation is improving.
The situation is intensifying.
The situation is intolerable.
The situation is likely to become worse.
The situation is likely to get worse.
The situation is likely to worsen.
The situation is more than tense.
The situation is much worse than we originally thought.
The situation is much worse than we thought.
The situation is not ideal, but we'll give it a go.
The situation is on-going.
The situation is out of control.
The situation is out of our control.
The situation is quite complicated.
The situation is really a disaster.
The situation is really improving in Algeria.
The situation is scary.
The situation is serious because of you.
The situation is serious.
The situation is stable.
The situation is still capable of improvement.
The situation is still critical.
The situation is still tense.
The situation is such that I am never again able to see you here.
The situation is tense.
The situation is that he's rich, and you're not.
The situation is too terrible to look at.
The situation is ugly.
The situation is under control.
The situation is very bad.
The situation is very catastrophic in Sudan.
The situation is very complex.
The situation is very complicated.
The situation is very fluid.
The situation is very serious.
The situation is worrying.
The situation is worse than I thought.
The situation is worse than I'd thought.
The situation is worse than we believed.
The situation is worse than we thought.
The situation is worsening.
The situation isn't particularly dangerous.
The situation isn't perfect.
The situation left him perplexed.
The situation made Tom uneasy.
The situation may become worse.
The situation may deteriorate at any time.
The situation might become worse.
The situation might not be as bad as we thought.
The situation must be worse than you thought.
The situation obliged him.
The situation of Jerusalem is untenable in the long term.
The situation of the company at the end of the year is satisfying.
The situation of the villagers is better than ten years ago in many ways.
The situation only became worse.
The situation quickly became chaotic.
The situation quickly got out of control.
The situation quickly got out of hand.
The situation quickly turned against Ziri.
The situation quickly went downhill.
The situation remains tense.
The situation remains unchanged.
The situation resulted in violence.
The situation seemed hopeless.
The situation seemed out of control.
The situation seemed to call for immediate action.
The situation seemed very tense and dangerous.
The situation seems hopeless.
The situation sounds volatile.
The situation started getting really tense.
The situation started to wear Yanni down.
The situation suddenly took a horribly wrong turn.
The situation there is tense.
The situation there was critical.
The situation this year is unprecedented.
The situation turned very ugly.
The situation was Kafkaesque.
The situation was a mess.
The situation was back under control.
The situation was becoming dangerous. We got the hell out.
The situation was beyond description.
The situation was confused; it was total chaos.
The situation was difficult, but Liisa helped Markku out of a jam.
The situation was dire.
The situation was embarrassing.
The situation was extremely dangerous; it was a matter of life and death.
The situation was getting difficult to deal with.
The situation was getting ugly really quickly.
The situation was hopeless and time passed brutally quickly.
The situation was hopeless.
The situation was impossible.
The situation was insanely terrifying.
The situation was much more complex than he had thought.
The situation was really difficult to deal with.
The situation was spiralling out of my control, I couldn't control anything any longer.
The situation was unbearable.
The situation was unexplainably shocking.
The situation was very awkward.
The situation was very comical.
The situation was very embarrassing.
The situation was very tense.
The situation was very unusual.
The situation we're now in is completely new.
The situation went from bad to worse.
The situation will soon revert to the way things were before.
The situation will surely get better.
The situation will surely improve.
The situation with my neighbours doesn't have a solution.
The situation won't change.
The situation worries me very much.
The situation worries me.
The situation worsened.
The situation's getting worse day by day.
The situation's getting worse.
The situation's so unstable.
The situation, I am sure, will be improved.
The six nations are tentatively expected to return to the negotiating table next month. Mr. Ban said the talks needed to reach consensus on how to implement the agreements reached at the last round of talks, in September.
The six-toed dog chased the seven-toed cat across the yard.
The six-year-old company, which has offices in India and nine other nations, claims to have brought 100,000 Indian couples to the altar worldwide.
The sixth Prime Minister of Malaysia is Dato' Seri Najib Abdul Razak.
The sixth day is Saturday.
The sixth is Sunday.
The sixth prime minister of Malaysia is Dato' Sri Najib Abdul Razak.
The sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
The size and temperament of the fluffy orange-and-white dogs mesh with people’s apartment lifestyles in dense Taiwanese cities, the dog owners say.
The size of a galaxy may be as little as a thousand light-years across or as much as a million light-years across.
The size of a man's dry cleaning bill is no indication of his income.
The size of a man's laundry bill is no criterion of his income.
The size of a man’s laundry bill is no criterion of his income.
The size of books has changed over time.
The size of meals has increased over the past 1000 years.
The size of meals has increased over the past 30 years.
The size of the average house has more than doubled since the 1950s.
The size of the board does not affect the rules.
The size of the campus has expanded through purchase of surrounding buildings.
The size of the carpet is 120 by 160 centimeters.
The size of the elephant astonished the little boy.
The size of the group should not be more than twelve persons.
The size of the stores range from smaller corner-type shops to larger convenience stores.
The size of the universe is unimaginable.
The sj-sound in the Swedish language has many different spellings.
The skater spun around like a top.
The skater spun round and round on the ice.
The skaters glided across the ice.
The skaters glided rapidly around the rink.
The skaters skated around the rink.
The skating rink is open from dawn to dusk.
The skeleton of Richard III was discovered under a parking lot.
The skeleton of a 50,000-year-old mastodon comes from Simi Valley, which is today a quiet Los Angeles suburb.
The skeleton wrapped its arm around Tom's neck.
The skeletons have already crumbled into dust.
The skeptics were right.
The ski trail runs out of the grove and descends to the river.
The ski trip to Colorado was a great way for William to escape the city.
The skidding caused a cloud of smoke.
The skier suffered a head trauma.
The skies are clear.
The skies display his handiwork.
The skies promise better weather in the morning.
The skies were clear.
The skies won't be clear.
The skies won’t be clear.
The skiing conditions were very good.
The skiing season has passed.
The skilled craftsman restored the shattered vase piece by piece.
The skilled kayaker executed a perfect roll in the rough water.
The skilled kayaker navigated through the turbulent rapids effortlessly.
The skilled use of foreshadowing in a story can keep the audience hooked in anticipation.
The skillet I usually use has a wooden handle.
The skills required are taught in a two-day course.
The skin came back to life.
The skin gets its oil, called sebum, from the sebaceous glands. Each gland connects to a passage of extremely small hairs. The sebum travels through these passages. The oil reaches the surface of the skin through little holes, called pores. Sometimes, the sebum, hair and cells of the pores block these openings. This is how acne starts.
The skin gradually took on a healthier look.
The skin is changing to a purplish red.
The skin is rough.
The skin is smooth, isn't it?
The skin is soft.
The skin is tender and edible.
The skin is the largest organ of the body.
The skin of a bletted medlar peels off really easily.
The skin of a fully bletted medlar peels off really easily.
The skin of a medlar is really thin.
The skin of a shark is much rougher than that of a tuna fish.
The skin of an apple can be green, yellow, or reddish.
The skin of animals is covered with hair.
The skin of nectarines is slippery.
The skin of peaches bruises easily.
The skin of the loquat is really thin.
The skin tightened as it dried.
The skip is full to overflowing. Nothing more will fit in.
The skipper gives the order to go aboard.
The skipper has not yet boarded the ship.
The skipper hasn't boarded the ship yet.
The skipper is giving the order to board the ship.
The skipper is giving the order to board.
The skipper is giving the order to go aboard.
The skipper is making sail.
The skipper is not yet on board the ship.
The skipper is setting sail.
The skipper is weighing anchor.
The skipper lives in a small village.
The skipper made sail.
The skipper set sail.
The skipper's not on board the ship yet.
The skirt clings tight to her legs.
The skirt didn't fit so I had to alter it.
The skirt has a tartan pattern.
The skirt is amazing!
The skirt is amazing.
The skirt is green.
The skirt is long.
The skirt is small on me.
The skirt is too wide for me.
The skis need to be kept exactly parallel.
The skis need to be kept parallel.
The skit was hilarious.
The skit was presented by fifth grade students.
The skull in the narrow niche cast iridescent reflections.
The skull is a natural helmet surrounding the brain and the sensory organs, protecting them from damage.
The skull is a skeletal structure.
The skunk lives under the house.
The sky above is so blue.
The sky above us is real blue.
The sky above was a deep blue.
The sky above was deep blue.
The sky at dusk is red.
The sky became as dark as if the sun had sunk.
The sky became black.
The sky became dark.
The sky became darker and darker.
The sky became suddenly overcast with clouds.
The sky began to lighten.
The sky brightened in the afternoon.
The sky brightened.
The sky cleared after the storm.
The sky cleared up after the ritual was over.
The sky cleared up right after the storm.
The sky cleared up soon after the storm.
The sky cleared up.
The sky clouded over.
The sky darkened and it started raining.
The sky darkened and soon it was raining.
The sky darkened as the storm approached.
The sky darkened without any raining.
The sky darkened, and it began to rain.
The sky darkened, and it soon began to rain.
The sky darkened, and it started to rain.
The sky darkened, and soon after, it rained.
The sky darkened.
The sky faded, and the road snaked onwards.
The sky faded.
The sky fell on our heads.
The sky gives promise of fine weather.
The sky got dark, and it started raining.
The sky grew darker and darker, and the wind blew harder and harder.
The sky grew darker and darker.
The sky had become threatening before I got to the station.
The sky has a lot of clouds.
The sky has become a bit cloudy.
The sky has become brighter.
The sky has become clear.
The sky has become cloudier.
The sky has become cloudy.
The sky has become overcast.
The sky has brightened up.
The sky has brightened.
The sky has cleared up.
The sky has fallen on his head.
The sky has fallen on me.
The sky has fire and stars.
The sky has got brighter.
The sky has gradually clouded over.
The sky has many stars.
The sky has never been so clear.
The sky has not fallen on you.
The sky illumined in green during the evening fireworks.
The sky illumined in purple in the evening.
The sky illumined in reddish orange during the evening fireworks.
The sky illumined in violet in the evening.
The sky in my country is always blue.
The sky in the night is a very clean thing.
The sky in this photo is very saturated.
The sky is a clear blue.
The sky is a hazy shade of winter.
The sky is a pedestal for stars.
The sky is above me.
The sky is above the earth.
The sky is as blue as blue can be.
The sky is becoming cloudy.
The sky is becoming darker and darker.
The sky is big.
The sky is black.
The sky is blue and clear.
The sky is blue and the sea even more so.
The sky is blue because of the scattering of sunlight in the atmosphere.
The sky is blue with not a cloud in sight.
The sky is blue, the sea is also blue. The sky and the sea are blue.
The sky is blue.
The sky is bright and clear now.
The sky is clear almost every day.
The sky is clear and full of stars.
The sky is clear and the sun is bright.
The sky is clear and the wind is refreshingly cool. It's a perfect day to spend outdoors.
The sky is clear as a mirror.
The sky is clear today.
The sky is clear, but take the umbrella with you. It might rain.
The sky is clear, it is full of stars.
The sky is clear.
The sky is clear. Lots of stars are scattered across it.
The sky is clear. Not a cloud in sight.
The sky is clear; it is full of stars.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The sky is clearing up.
The sky is cloudy and it will rain.
The sky is cloudy today.
The sky is cloudy.
The sky is cloudy. It looks like rain.
The sky is colorful.
The sky is completely clear today.
The sky is covered by clouds without a single gap, and no end to this gray veil can be seen.
The sky is covered in black clouds.
The sky is covered with clouds today.
The sky is covered with clouds.
The sky is fake.
The sky is falling down and I'm running away to save my life.
The sky is filling in with dark clouds – a storm's on its way. Let's get home, quickly.
The sky is filling in with dark clouds.
The sky is filling with dark clouds.
The sky is full of black clouds.
The sky is full of dark clouds.
The sky is full of stars tonight.
The sky is full of stars, but the earth is full of slaves.
The sky is full of stars.
The sky is getting brighter.
The sky is getting cloudy.
The sky is getting dark.
The sky is getting darker.
The sky is getting light, I'd better shut my eyes.
The sky is getting light.
The sky is gloomy and gray - a typical rainy-season sky.
The sky is gray and it's raining.
The sky is gray.
The sky is gray. It's really windy.
The sky is gray. It's very windy.
The sky is grey and cloudy.
The sky is grey and overcast.
The sky is hidden by grey clouds.
The sky is light blue.
The sky is likely to clear up.
The sky is mostly overcast in the morning, but brightens up in the afternoon.
The sky is mostly overcast in the morning, but the cloud breaks up in the afternoon.
The sky is mostly overcast in the morning, but the cloud disperses in the afternoon.
The sky is not clear.
The sky is obscure, I can see no star.
The sky is orange.
The sky is over our heads.
The sky is overcast today.
The sky is overcast.
The sky is red at dusk.
The sky is red because of the fires.
The sky is red.
The sky is serene.
The sky is so blue it can't be bluer.
The sky is strewn with stars.
The sky is strong.
The sky is the daily bread of the eyes.
The sky is the limit.
The sky is very cloudy today.
The sky is very dark.
The sky is very overcast today.
The sky is waiting for sunset.
The sky lightened after the storm.
The sky lightened as it stopped raining.
The sky looked amazing.
The sky looks angry.
The sky looks like it's going to rain any minute now.
The sky looks ominous. I wonder if it will rain.
The sky looks threatening.
The sky misted over.
The sky over Berlin is always starless.
The sky promises fair weather.
The sky releases droplets of rain.
The sky seemed to blend with the sea.
The sky shines with stars, the earth groans with slaves.
The sky started to darken.
The sky started to turn orange.
The sky suddenly became overcast.
The sky suddenly began to darken.
The sky suddenly clouded over.
The sky suddenly darkened yesterday afternoon.
The sky today is blue, without a cloud.
The sky today is the bluest that I've ever seen it.
The sky today is the bluest that I’ve ever seen it.
The sky today looks like a painting.
The sky turned black.
The sky turned bright orange as the sun was setting.
The sky turned dark as the storm approached.
The sky turned dark.
The sky turned gray suddenly.
The sky was a beautiful hue of pink and orange.
The sky was a deep blue.
The sky was ablaze with fireworks.
The sky was all covered with clouds.
The sky was already looking grim when we set sail. Within an hour, the first squall had hit us.
The sky was as clear as ever.
The sky was beautiful.
The sky was black with clouds.
The sky was blue.
The sky was bright and clear.
The sky was brightly lit.
The sky was clear and the stars were beautiful.
The sky was clear when I left home.
The sky was clear.
The sky was cloudless and vibrant, the brightest of blues.
The sky was cloudy.
The sky was colorful.
The sky was completely dark.
The sky was completely overcast.
The sky was dark and cloudy last night.
The sky was dark.
The sky was darkening and a storm was brewing in.
The sky was drab and the landscape bleak.
The sky was dusky.
The sky was extremely clean.
The sky was fiery with the setting sun.
The sky was filled with aeroplanes.
The sky was filled with airplanes.
The sky was filled with sound, the roar of planes, some high pitched, some low, fighters and bombers.
The sky was filled with stars.
The sky was full of clouds that night.
The sky was full of stars.
The sky was gin-clear.
The sky was gray all morning.
The sky was gray.
The sky was gray. It was really gusty.
The sky was gray. It was too gusty.
The sky was gray. It was very gusty.
The sky was grey all morning.
The sky was grey.
The sky was heavy, and the trees had begun to shiver as at a coming storm.
The sky was overcast and it looked like rain again.
The sky was overcast.
The sky was painted in hues of pink and orange.
The sky was painted with beautiful colors during the sunset.
The sky was purple or orange.
The sky was red.
The sky was so starry, so bright that, looking at it, one could not help asking oneself whether ill-humoured and capricious people could live under such a sky.
The sky was strewn with stars.
The sky was too cloudy and nothing could be seen.
The sky was turning orange as the sun was setting.
The sky will be blue.
The sky will clear soon.
The sky will probably turn clear in the afternoon.
The sky will remain overcast during the morning.
The sky will soon clear up.
The sky will soon clear.
The sky's become brighter.
The sky's brightened up.
The sky's clear today.
The sky's cloudy and it'll rain.
The sky's getting darker.
The sky's got brighter.
The sky's the limit.
The skyscraper is burning.
The skyscraper is downtown.
The skyscraper is expected to sink into the bog.
The skyscraper is in the center of the city.
The skyscraper is too tall.
The skyscraper rose above the other buildings around.
The skyscraper was built on a solid foundation.
The skyscraper's elevators ascend at an astonishing rate of speed.
The skyscrapers of the future will be made of wood.
The skyscraper’s elevators ascend at an astonishing rate of speed.
The slab is reinforced concrete.
The slang is a metonymic but inelegant phrase.
The slap was for your big mouth.
The slats move out from the front of the wings to make the wing space larger. This helps to increase the lifting force of the wing at slower speeds like takeoff and landing.
The slaughter of the prisoners was a barbarous act.
The slave carries the water.
The slave doesn't want to be free. He wants to become an overseer.
The slave has a wise son.
The slave has his pride; he agrees to obey only the most vigorous despot.
The slave ran for his life.
The slave tried to escape.
The slave was anxious to alter his destiny.
The slave was finally given his freedom.
The slave's son was wise.
The slaves at that time often had severe masters.
The slaves fled into the dense forest.
The slaves rebelled against their masters.
The slaves suffered cruel oppression.
The slaves torched Ziri's house.
The slaves tried to escape.
The slaves were finally given their freedom.
The slaves were mistreated to death.
The slaves were working like so many ants.
The sleaze on The Block is not something children should see.
The sled accelerated as it went down the icy slope.
The sled dogs are starving.
The sledge accelerated as it slid down the icy slope.
The sledge got smashed to bits when it hit the tree; we were lucky not to be injured.
The sledge was so heavy that four men were assigned to pull it across the ice.
The sleep of reason produces monsters.
The sleeping man can be awoken, but who can awaken the waking one?
The sleeping mat in Guantanamo is not even an inch thick.
The sleepy Joe pretends to have the answers, but he doesn't even know the questions.
The sleepy town has been transformed into a bustling city.
The sleeve of my shirt got torn when it got caught on a nail.
The sleeves are gathered at the cuff.
The sleeves of his jumper were so long that they covered his hands.
The sleeves of the sweater began to unravel.
The sleeves of this coat have to be lengthened.
The sleigh glided swiftly over the ice.
The sleuth gave Mennad his card before he left.
The slice of bread went stale.
The slightest body language, smile or grimace, or sign of impatience and exasperation will be analyzed and interpreted.
The slightest mistake may lead to a fatal disaster.
The slightest obstacle made the mare stall.
The slightest opposition makes him furious.
The slime is thick.
The slime mold Physarum polycephalum has 720 sexes.
The slime was black and stinky.
The slime was blackish and smelly.
The slimy coating on fish and many marine invertebrates protects the animal from infection and is easily rubbed off with a hand, glove or foot.
The slimy guts of cacti can purify contaminated water, according to researchers at the University of South Florida, who presented their work at the meeting of the American Chemical Society in San Diego.
The slippers I wanted to buy are now unavailable.
The slippers are under the bed.
The slippery body of the nymph swam agilely like a fish.
The slippery slope is unavoidable.
The slippery snake slithered right out of his hand.
The slogan "Arbeit macht frei" at the gates of the Nazi concentration camps was entirely cynical. The prisoners who believed the deceitful promise that work would set them free had no real chance of freedom, regardless of how much they laboured. Many of them were worked to death; many more were deliberately exterminated.
The slogan "housing is a right - not a commodity" doesn't at all mean that everyone must have ownership of a property.
The slogan for the anti-extremism day was "colourful not brown".
The slogan for the day against extremism was, "multicolored instead of brown".
The slogan for the day dedicated to counter extremism was, "rainbow colours instead of brown."
The slogan for the day was "colorful instead of brown".
The slogan is "To the future! Let's run toward our dreams!"
The slogan was designed to rouse the people.
The slogans are translated into Berber.
The slope collapsed on the digger and nearly buried it.
The slope is steep.
The slope of the ground made it difficult to construct the road.
The slopes are devoid of vegetation of any kind.
The slopes are planted with vines.
The slopes of the mountain and the trees were all covered in snow.
The sloth has a very slow metabolism.
The sloth is a surprisingly good swimmer.
The sloth moved from tree to tree in search of less poisonous leaves.
The sloth rests and sleeps for much of the day.
The sloth swam the short distance between the two trees.
The slouchy pants fit better.
The slow blue puma dives under the diligent cat.
The slow blue puma slides under the diligent cat.
The slow car is not worth much anymore.
The slow worm is a legless lizard.
The slow worm is neither a snake nor a worm but a legless lizard.
The slow worm is ovoviviparous.
The slowest one to make a promise is the most faithful one in keeping it.
The slowing down of the process brought with it much higher quality in the final product.
The slugger was easily put out.
The slugs ate all my salad.
The slump in oil prices could send Algeria in an economic downward spiral.
The small Southeast Asian nation Laos has for the first time held the Southeast Asian Games, gaining prestige and an economic boost.
The small airport near where I live has only one runway.
The small animal gave off a bad smell.
The small baby was wearing a bracelet.
The small birthmark didn't diminish her beauty in the least.
The small birthmark took nothing away from her beauty.
The small boat was at the mercy of the wind.
The small bottle of pills wasn't enough to kill Sami.
The small boy slowly made some new friends.
The small boy was Tango's only friend.
The small boy was Tango’s only friend.
The small boys rang the door bell and ran away.
The small business man failed and his business went down for the count.
The small car boom is ending.
The small community has a new language.
The small community has a simple language.
The small companies were absorbed into a big organization.
The small company was taken over by a large organization.
The small corner shop sold fifteen different types of cheese.
The small country is making great efforts to keep up with other developing countries.
The small country was annexed to its larger neighbor.
The small crowd at Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park stood for a moment of silence at 8:15 a.m., the exact moment an atomic bomb nicknamed “Little Boy” was dropped from the U.S. warplane Enola Gay.
The small dog bit Tom's hand and drew a little blood.
The small dog crossed the road.
The small dog dug a hole and buried his food in it.
The small dog tried to get away.
The small duckling can swim and has demonstrated this ability.
The small duckling can swim but has not demonstrated this ability.
The small duckling can swim.
The small duckling is swimming.
The small dung beetle was battling down the bigger one.
The small flower is yellow.
The small forest village is now experiencing the pull of civilization.
The small fork is for the salad and the large fork is for the main dish.
The small fork is for your salad, and the large one is for the main course.
The small garden is bursting with produce from raised, hydroponic beds of parsley seedlings to hibiscus growing in old tires to rows of eggplant, tomatoes, and turnips planted in peanut shells and rice hulls to improve the sandy soil.
The small group of billionaires hoarding all the power and resources need to be deposed for the sake of humanity. The clock is running out.
The small hill turned out to be an ancient burial mound 2,000 years old.
The small house had come to look shabby, though it was just as good as ever underneath.
The small house is beautiful.
The small increment made no impact on the projection.
The small intestine consists of three parts.
The small intestine is about seven meters long.
The small island came into sight.
The small island looked like a tortoise from a distance.
The small joys of life make everyday moments truly beautiful.
The small mark under the letter c in French words such as 'leçon' is called a cedilla.
The small part of ignorance that we arrange and classify we give the name of knowledge.
The small plane dipped slightly to go under the clouds.
The small print could be read only with the aid of a magnifying glass.
The small print looks faded.
The small print was readable only with the aid of a magnifying glass.
The small red neon lamp went out.
The small restaurant of today may be a big hotel tomorrow.
The small retail outlet is only a front for a much larger entity.
The small rural village was in disarray after the disappearance and murder incidents.
The small sapling became a big tree.
The small seaside fishing village is very picturesque.
The small seed became a large tree.
The small skirt is pink.
The small statue is said to be made of fine gold.
The small table is gray.
The small table is in the garden.
The small table looked as though it had been carefully crafted to match its surroundings.
The small thug beat up the convenience store employee.
The small town of Taghit, in southwestern Algeria, enjoys an enviable tranquility.
The small town was in disbelief.
The small town woke up to the news that Fadil was missing.
The small town, abandoned long ago, seems frozen in time.
The small waterhole attracted a giraffe herd.
The small wisdom is like water in a glass: clear, transparent, pure. The great wisdom is like the water in the sea: dark, mysterious, impenetrable.
The small woman was in a furious temper.
The small woman was wearing a grey suit.
The small yellow car stopped at the ungated level crossing.
The smaller a star is, the longer it lives.
The smaller and more cowardly the dog, the louder it barks.
The smaller basket holds less than the large one.
The smaller of the brothers said this.
The smaller planets hovering around the planet Jupiter reminded him of the guards surrounding a king when he walked outdoors, and Kepler called them satellites.
The smaller red-winged grasshopper is slim and black-bodied and may be hard to see at rest, as it hides in vegetation.
The smaller shops will probably be forced to close down.
The smaller the body, the more likely the person will suffer from the ill effects of radiation.
The smaller the community, the cozier it is.
The smallest child knows such a simple thing.
The smallest continent is Australia.
The smallest finger in the hand is the pinky.
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
The smallest mammal in the world is a bat.
The smallest moment of life is stronger than death and cancels it.
The smallest setback is all it takes to make him nervous.
The smallest species of otter is the Asian small-clawed otter.
The smart boy could solve all the difficult problems with great ease.
The smart entrepreneur saw a gap in the market and started a successful business to fill it.
The smart one learns!
The smart student finished the exam.
The smart young woman passed the exam as a matter of course.
The smartest kid among the seven- to ten-year-olds is Tom.
The smartest kid in the group is Tom.
The smartest kid in the group of seven- to ten-year-olds is Tom.
The smartphone has a black case.
The smartphone is on your desk.
The smartphone was expensive, I thought it would be less.
The smartphone was more expensive than I thought.
The smell after summer rain is unique.
The smell alcohol gives off makes me sick.
The smell alone makes you drunk?
The smell became so unbearable Tobias smelt it from upstairs.
The smell became unbearable, so we left.
The smell brought back memories of a night some years before.
The smell didn't seem to bother Tom at all.
The smell didn't seem to bother Tom in the least.
The smell following summer rain is unique.
The smell has gone completely.
The smell in a perfumery is too strong.
The smell in that room was unbearable and Leon wanted to throw up.
The smell in the kitchen was unbearable.
The smell in the room bothered me.
The smell is atrocious.
The smell is characteristic of garlic.
The smell is disgusting.
The smell is foul.
The smell is much stronger now.
The smell is persistent.
The smell is pleasant but far too intense.
The smell is pleasant.
The smell is probably going to annoy Tom.
The smell is unbearable.
The smell made Ziri almost puke.
The smell of Adriano's steak was mouth-watering.
The smell of all the essential oils is making me sick.
The smell of books greeted her as she walked in the library.
The smell of burning wood from the fireplace filled Matthew's cozy living room.
The smell of burning wood in the air was a sure sign that winter had arrived.
The smell of coffee beckoned them.
The smell of coffee woke me up.
The smell of cooking makes me hungry.
The smell of cut grass summons up images of hot summer afternoons.
The smell of death disappeared.
The smell of decomposition was almost debilitating.
The smell of decomposition was intense.
The smell of dirty socks makes me want to throw up.
The smell of fermented soybeans sickens him.
The smell of food filled the air.
The smell of food made me hungry.
The smell of fresh baked cookies always gave William a sense of nostalgia for his mother's baking.
The smell of fresh bread wafted from the corner bakery.
The smell of fresh pastries lured me into the new shop on the corner.
The smell of freshly brewed tea filled the room.
The smell of freshly fallen snow tickled my nose and almost made me sneeze.
The smell of garlic powder filled the kitchen as Matthew cooked.
The smell of gasoline can be so addictive.
The smell of her food made everyone hungry.
The smell of last night's dinner was still lingering in the kitchen.
The smell of lemon and nutmeg is coming from the kitchen.
The smell of macaroni and cheese makes me nauseous.
The smell of makeup makes my stomach turn.
The smell of morning coffee awakens the senses.
The smell of mown grass evokes hot summer afternoons.
The smell of nail polish is bad.
The smell of petrichor reminds me of my aunt.
The smell of pine transports me back to my childhood.
The smell of popcorn made me hungry.
The smell of raw fish nauseates me.
The smell of roses filled the entire room.
The smell of roses filled the room.
The smell of roses hung in the air.
The smell of sea was in their hair.
The smell of skunk spray can cause people to vomit.
The smell of smoke from the campfire filled Matthew's nostrils.
The smell of smoke is stronger.
The smell of the bird droppings is almost unbearable.
The smell of the flowers came in through the open windows of the bus.
The smell of the juniper bushes is so sweet.
The smell of the ocean always filled William with nostalgia for his childhood summers spent at the beach.
The smell of the perfume is excessively harsh.
The smell of the perfume is overpowering.
The smell of the roses filled the whole room.
The smell of this cake is tempting.
The smell of this flower calls up my childhood.
The smell of various foodstuffs drifted up from the lunch box.
The smell of vinegar overpowers most other odors.
The smell of wisteria strengthens and restores the memory.
The smell penetrated through the whole school.
The smell reminded Leon of the smell of his grandma's house.
The smell seemed to come and go in waves.
The smell seems to follow me.
The smell seems to have followed me.
The smell took about three days to wear off.
The smell took three days to wear off.
The smell triggered Ziri's asthma.
The smell triggered the aggressive behavior of the ants.
The smell wafted through the air.
The smell was detestable.
The smell was difficult to ignore.
The smell was horrible.
The smell was noxious.
The smell was offensive.
The smell was still in the air hours later.
The smell was still so bad.
The smell was terrible.
The smell was there before you washed the duvet.
The smell was unbearable.
The smell was unbearably intense.
The smell was unmistakable.
The smell was unpleasant.
The smell will probably annoy Tom.
The smell's making me sick.
The smile did not leave his face.
The smile faded from Tom's face as Mary walked away.
The smile vanished from Tom's face.
The smile you send out returns to you.
The smirking male clerk replied.
The smith is working at his forge.
The smith used the tongs to pick up the horseshoe.
The smog was bad today.
The smog was terrible today.
The smog was very heavy today.
The smoggy air of Beijing makes me feel gloomy.
The smoke alarm has never been maintained.
The smoke alarm keeps beeping.
The smoke alarm went off.
The smoke ascended into the air.
The smoke blew away.
The smoke detector went off.
The smoke from barbeque grills is said to contain toxic and cancer-causing chemicals called polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons or PAHs.
The smoke from factories hung over the town.
The smoke from the campfire made Matthew's eyes water.
The smoke from the forest fire was seen from very far away.
The smoke has cleared away.
The smoke is bothering me.
The smoke is moving in Lukas’s direction.
The smoke is rising in the air.
The smoke lingered.
The smoke made our eyes water.
The smoke of our chimneys meets.
The smoke poured out of the chimney.
The smoke rose from the campfire and wafted silently through the pine trees.
The smoke vanished with the wind.
The smoke was unbelievably thick.
The smoke went upward through the chimney.
The smoke-filled room made it difficult to breathe.
The smoldering firewood burst into flame.
The smooth endoplasmic reticulum is the organelle responsible for lipid synthesis.
The smoothing trowel is a tool for plasterers, tilers and masons.
The snacks that our nana made us were always a special treat.
The snail draws in its feelers.
The snail drew in its feelers.
The snail retreated into its shell.
The snail shot out its horns.
The snail tagged along with the turtle.
The snail was crawling up a wall.
The snail, much against her usual habit, began to run like a lizard under the summer sun.
The snails are climbing onto the conifer.
The snails are eating our lettuce.
The snake ate the crocodile.
The snake began to move.
The snake began to slither.
The snake began wrapping itself around Tom's leg.
The snake began wrapping itself around her leg.
The snake began wrapping itself around his leg.
The snake bit me in the leg.
The snake bit me.
The snake bite was fatal.
The snake bites the charlatan.
The snake coiled around my cock.
The snake coils itself up.
The snake doesn't kiss!
The snake engulfs prey entirely by unhinging his jaw.
The snake has a split or forked tongue.
The snake has bitten me.
The snake hissed and bared its fangs.
The snake hisses.
The snake is big.
The snake is hissing.
The snake is in the building.
The snake is shedding its skin.
The snake is swallowing an egg.
The snake is the symbol of the pharmaceutical industry.
The snake is wriggling.
The snake managed to get inside the closet.
The snake managed to get inside the wardrobe.
The snake reared its head.
The snake shed its skin.
The snake sheds its skin.
The snake slithered away.
The snake sloughs its skin several times a year.
The snake started hunting its prey.
The snake swallowed a frog.
The snake swallowed the dog whole.
The snake swallowed the whole cow.
The snake that I saw was black.
The snake was coiled in the grass, hidden from view.
The snake was devoured by a bigger snake.
The snake was inside of Ziri's tent.
The snake was slithering outside.
The snake was still alive.
The snake was the one who tempted Eve.
The snake wrapped itself around Tom's leg.
The snake wrapped itself around her leg.
The snake wrapped itself around his leg.
The snake's bite was deep.
The snake-like creature entered Gunter’s spacesuit.
The snake-like creature wrapped itself around Gunter’s arm.
The snakes were writing about in disgusting circles.
The snarling dog lunged at Tom.
The sniffing dog inspects everywhere.
The snip of ivy will grow.
The sniper is driving a white van.
The sniper picked off his victims one by one.
The sniper took aim at Sami.
The sniper took aim at Tom, shot, and killed him.
The snot is rich with fresh DNA, viruses and bacteria, and is collected by a drone that hovers over the blowholes of humpback whales as they embark on their epic annual journey along Australia's east coast.
The snow accumulates on the summit.
The snow already started to melt.
The snow banked up against the wall.
The snow became heavier and heavier.
The snow became water.
The snow began melting.
The snow began to fall again.
The snow began to fall so heavily that the little boy could not see a hand's breadth before him.
The snow began to fall so thickly that the little boy could not see his own hand.
The snow began to melt.
The snow began to pick up.
The snow bends the trees.
The snow brought public transport to a halt.
The snow caused me to miss the train.
The snow compelled us to put off our departure.
The snow completely covered the city.
The snow continued to fall.
The snow covered the houses and the trees.
The snow covered the streets of Lulu Island.
The snow covered the whole city overnight.
The snow crunched under their boots.
The snow cushioned my fall.
The snow did not stop falling.
The snow doesn't bother the bulls.
The snow doesn't stop.
The snow falls softly.
The snow fell heavily, blocking up the roads and shutting all the cottagers within doors.
The snow fell quickly.
The snow froze on the windscreen.
The snow glistened in the morning sun.
The snow glistened like diamonds in the morning sunlight.
The snow has accumulated knee-deep in Boston.
The snow has all melted away.
The snow has almost all melted already.
The snow has almost all melted by now.
The snow has already melted.
The snow has already started melting.
The snow has been removed by the wind.
The snow has begun melting.
The snow has begun to melt.
The snow has brought problems to central France.
The snow has disappeared in less than no time.
The snow has disappeared.
The snow has finally melted.
The snow has just come on.
The snow has melted already.
The snow has melted away.
The snow has melted.
The snow has mostly melted.
The snow has settled.
The snow has started melting.
The snow has started to thaw out.
The snow hasn't melted yet.
The snow hasn't thawed yet.
The snow impaired Mustafa’s ability to hear anyone’s footsteps.
The snow is a hideous brown color.
The snow is already melting.
The snow is blinding.
The snow is coming down gently.
The snow is coming down in large flakes.
The snow is compacting.
The snow is deep.
The snow is falling during the night.
The snow is falling fast.
The snow is falling in large flakes.
The snow is falling softly.
The snow is gone and the sun is out.
The snow is great.
The snow is letting up.
The snow is melted.
The snow is melting away.
The snow is melting, the sun is shining, and spring is on its way.
The snow is melting.
The snow is persistent.
The snow is powdery.
The snow is really piling up now.
The snow is soft.
The snow is two metres deep.
The snow is very deep here in our town in January.
The snow is very deep.
The snow is white and frozen.
The snow is white.
The snow isn't letting up.
The snow just keeps falling!
The snow keeps the young plants snug and warm.
The snow kept me from going out.
The snow kept us from going out.
The snow kept us inside.
The snow lasted for two days.
The snow lasted four days.
The snow lay deep.
The snow lay on the ground, frozen into a thick, hard crust.
The snow lay one and a half meters deep.
The snow lay one-and-a-half metres deep.
The snow leopard cubs played with each other.
The snow leopard cubs played with ropes inside their enclosure.
The snow leopard cubs played with the ropes.
The snow leopard is classified as vulnerable by the International Union for Conservation of Nature Red List of Threatened Species.
The snow melted away in a day.
The snow melted away when spring came.
The snow melted in the sun.
The snow melted within a day.
The snow melted.
The snow melts in spring.
The snow on Lulu Island seems eerie and unearthly.
The snow on the mountain was so deep that Mark had to use snowshoes to walk.
The snow on the road was in the way of the traffic.
The snow piled up against the wall.
The snow prevented his going out.
The snow prevented me from going out.
The snow prevented me from going there.
The snow prevented the airplane from taking off.
The snow prevented the train from running.
The snow prevented us from arriving on time.
The snow pushes the wolves towards the plains.
The snow reduced visibility.
The snow should be gone soon.
The snow sparkled.
The snow started last night.
The snow started melting.
The snow started to melt.
The snow stopped falling.
The snow stopped me going out.
The snow that accumulated in the streets blocked traffic.
The snow that fell recently has coloured the mountain white, it is truly beautiful.
The snow that fell yesterday is no hard-packed snow. It's impossible to make snowballs out of it.
The snow that fell yesterday is no hard-packed snow. It’s impossible to make snowballs out of it.
The snow that had piled up on the roof at night came down with a thud.
The snow turned into water.
The snow was almost up to her knees.
The snow was almost up to his knees.
The snow was almost up to my knees.
The snow was almost up to our knees.
The snow was almost up to their knees.
The snow was brilliant in the morning sun.
The snow was deep.
The snow was falling during the night.
The snow was falling quickly.
The snow was falling so heavily that Mark couldn't see more than a few feet in front of him.
The snow was flaky at first, then heavy and relentless.
The snow was freezing on the windscreen.
The snow was glistening in the morning sun.
The snow was gone, but the chilly air remained.
The snow was gone.
The snow was knee deep.
The snow was making it hard to see.
The snow was melting and stuck to my skis.
The snow was melting down.
The snow was piled up outside the front door.
The snow was piling up, but we decided to forge ahead anyway.
The snow was powdery.
The snow was reducing visibility.
The snow was several meters deep.
The snow was several metres deep.
The snow was so thick we couldn't see in front of us.
The snow was soft and fluffy.
The snow was still too deep.
The snow was there for just an hour.
The snow was there only an hour.
The snow was very deep.
The snow will all be gone in a few days.
The snow will all be gone within a few days.
The snow will be gone soon.
The snow will melt when the sun comes out.
The snow will soon disappear.
The snow will thaw soon.
The snow's a foot deep.
The snow's becoming heavier.
The snow's getting harder.
The snow's getting heavier.
The snow's melted.
The snow-capped mountains of Tahoe see frequent tourism.
The snow-covered trees looked beautiful in the morning light, and Mark couldn't resist taking a picture.
The snow-flake appeared larger and larger, and at last took the form of a lady dressed in the finest white crape, her attire being composed of millions of star-like particles. She was exquisitely fair and delicate, but entirely of ice, glittering, dazzling ice; her eyes gleamed like two bright stars.
The snow-flakes became larger and larger, till they appeared like great white chickens.
The snow-flakes seemed larger and larger, at last they looked like great white fowls.
The snowball melted in my hand.
The snowball splattered on Ziri's window.
The snowberry is a popular ornamental shrub.
The snowdrifts outside of Mark's house were taller than he was.
The snowdrop is a reminder of spring.
The snowfall became heavier and heavier.
The snowfall renewed its vigour this morning of the 3rd of February of 2025, here on Lulu Island. I trudged in the white snow with my dark blue boots, as if I were on a strange alien world. In the morning, at Tim Hortons café, I was drinking an Earl Grey tea with oat milk. (Earl Grey was Captain Picard's favourite.) I was eating an herb and garlic pastry. On my return to that café in the afternoon, I was drinking a peppermint tea with oat milk. I was eating a croissant. Rikku the Indian was my vendor. I was conversing with Gary the Cantonese. He was wearing a black jacket, green camouflage Vietnamese military pants, and brown boots. He was thinking of his return to Vietnam for vacationing: Ho Chi Minh City, Da Nang, and so on. He was thinking of his Vietnamese girlfriend there. He also was looking for another roommate for his hardwood-floor, marble-counter abode, here on Lulu Island. His roommates take care of his place, whilst being away for months at a time.
The snowfall's becoming heavier.
The snowflakes danced gracefully in the wintry air.
The snowflakes fall like feathers from the sky.
The snowflakes fell on her long, fair hair.
The snowflakes melt in the sun.
The snowflakes melted on her cheeks.
The snowflakes softly struck the ground.
The snowman had melted completely by the next morning.
The snowman has already melted.
The snowman has not melted yet.
The snowman hasn't melted yet.
The snowman hasn't yet melted.
The snowman lives in Utsjoki.
The snowman still hasn't melted.
The snowman that Mark built became a tourist attraction.
The snowman that Mark built had stick arms.
The snowman that Mark built looked like it was smiling.
The snowman that Mark built was a work of art.
The snowman that Mark built was so realistic, people thought it was a person standing in the yard.
The snowman that Mark built was taller than he was.
The snowman that Mark built was the centerpiece of the neighborhood.
The snowman that Mark built was the talk of the town.
The snowman that Tom built melted.
The snowplough broke down.
The snowplough couldn't get by.
The snowplough couldn't get past.
The snowplough couldn't get through.
The snowplow cleared the snow from the street.
The snowplow couldn't get by.
The snowplow removed the snow from the road.
The snowshoe hare changes color in winter.
The snowstorm blotted out the view.
The snowstorm continued.
The snowstorm gradually abated.
The snowstorm held on.
The snowstorm left more than 30 inches of snow on the ground.
The snowstorm raged for a full week.
The snowstorm was showing no signs of receding.
The snowstorm was so severe that Mark had to stay home from work.
The so-called "Berber Language" is the sister of Esperanto because the two mix several existing languages. But Esperanto is not imposed on speakers unlike the so-called "Berber Language".
The so-called "Fingerhakeln" is especially popular in Bavaria and in Austria.
The so-called "anti-imperialist" left will never forgive Ukrainians for getting invaded by Russia.
The so-called "blood moon" Friday, when it turns a deep red, will be visible at different times in Australia, Africa, Asia, Europe and South America when the sun, Earth and moon line up perfectly, casting Earth's shadow on the moon.
The so-called People's Liberation Army wants to put its boot down on Taiwan.
The so-called Rome Statute establishing The Hague-based court was adopted in the Italian capital on July 17, 1998.
The so-called Thousand Year Reich lasted only twelve years.
The so-called artwork found in the old house was a fake.
The so-called bitter pill can upset your stomach.
The so-called correctional officers, guards, tried to force me to go to court; but knowing it would be another adjournment, I refused.
The so-called expert was just bulging with misinformation about the new product.
The soap and sugar stuck together.
The soap bar is dirty.
The soap bubble burst.
The soap burns his eyes.
The soap company plastered billboards and bought thousands of glossy magazine pages filled with shots of women, who don't look like fashion models, in only their undergarments.
The soap completely dissolved.
The soap dispenser is electronic.
The soap dissolved in the water but it didn't set. It's still liquid.
The soap has dissolved.
The soap has run out.
The soap hurt my eyes.
The soap irritated my eyes.
The soap is finished.
The soap is still liquid.
The soap ruined our vacation because it caused an allergic reaction downstairs.
The soap slipped treacherously out of my hands.
The soap smells good.
The soap stung my eyes.
The soap, please.
The sober man with a red nose passes through a drunk man.
The sobs of the orphan.
The soccer ball hit Gustavo's leg.
The soccer ball is burst.
The soccer ball is round.
The soccer championships are long.
The soccer coach praised Gustavo's teamwork.
The soccer coach selected Gustavo as team captain.
The soccer field is where Gustavo feels alive.
The soccer field is where Gustavo finds peace.
The soccer game attracted a large crowd.
The soccer game ended in a tie for Gustavo's team.
The soccer game is tomorrow.
The soccer game will be broadcast live at five p.m.
The soccer game will be played, even if it rains.
The soccer league selected Gustavo as the MVP.
The soccer match started with Gustavo's kick-off.
The soccer match was a thrilling experience for Gustavo.
The soccer match was canceled due to bad weather.
The soccer match was intense for Gustavo.
The soccer player faked an injury.
The soccer player found himself stalked by many journalists.
The soccer player has got tired of running.
The soccer player ignored the jeers from the opposing team's fans.
The soccer player is lacing up his shoes.
The soccer player is tying his shoes.
The soccer player kicked the ball.
The soccer practice session focuses on passing and shooting.
The soccer referee praised Gustavo's fair play.
The soccer stadium erupted with joy when Gustavo scored.
The soccer stadium was filled with cheering fans for Gustavo.
The soccer team is led by Tom.
The soccer tryouts are today.
The soccer/football naming debate is silly, we should just enjoy the sport.
The social challenges Tom struggled with as a teenager have mostly been resolved.
The social contract is, specifically, a EULA.
The social democratic politician Heinrich Peus was a supporter of the constructed language Ido.
The social divide between us is insurmountable.
The social isolation could take an emotional or physical toll, public health experts warn.
The social marginalization of the language (Nahuatl) and of indigenous communities led to a decrease in the number of speakers in the twentieth century.
The social media giant announced in a blog post that it was once again tweaking its algorithm that will reduce so-called clickbait from appearing prominently in the News Feed.
The social movement took in the entire intelligentsia.
The social network "Orkut" was very successful a decade ago.
The social organization found us adoptive parents.
The social problems facing them seem too enormous to deal with.
The social problems of the day tend to be more and more complicated.
The social security number circulated through the city after the armed robbery.
The social structure has changed beyond recognition.
The social structure is not much different.
The social welfare system is in bad need of renovation.
The social worker was asked to follow up the information about the Stevenson family.
The socialist agriculture achieved great success.
The socialist insurgency expropriated the Apostolic Palace.
The socialist was accompanied by a female interpreter.
The socialist was accompanied by a translator.
The socialists would like to soak the rich and put transport and utilities back under state control.
The socially needy receive an additional allowance.
The societal implications of this research are likely to be far-reaching.
The society in which they live is very different from our own.
The society is riven with class conflict.
The society made him president.
The society they live in differs greatly from our own.
The society was founded in 1990.
The sociologist has a habit of scratching his back.
The sociologist is resting under the palm trees.
The sociopaths tried to steal my work on this website.
The sociopaths wanted to steal our work.
The socket came out of the wall quite easily.
The socks I'm wearing today have holes in them.
The socks Tom was wearing didn't match.
The socks and slippers are new.
The socks and sneakers are new.
The socks and the coat are in the closet.
The socks and trainers are new.
The socks are on sale.
The socks smell bad.
The socks stink.
The socks that Tom was wearing didn't match.
The socks the girl wore were flowery.
The socks this football team wears are green and white.
The soda is in the fridge.
The soda is too sweet.
The soda lost its fizz.
The sofa is comfortable.
The sofa is for the living room.
The sofa is too big for the room.
The sofa is uncomfortable.
The sofa is wide enough for four people to sit on.
The sofa isn't comfortable to sleep on.
The sofa matches the rest of the furniture.
The sofa takes up too much room.
The sofa was upholstered in velvet.
The soft afternoon sun came in through the branches of the tree and then the window.
The soft bed is waiting for me.
The soft blanket is fit for a baby.
The soft bread is tasty.
The soft breeze blew through her hair.
The soft cushion broke the man's fall.
The soft fresh snow brushes away easily.
The soft fresh snow is easily swept.
The soft fresh snow is easy to sweep.
The soft gentle sunlight beckoned me off to sleep.
The soft glow of the candles illuminated the room.
The soft murmur of the wind in the leaves, the buzzing of the bees, the scent of the flowers: everything seemed a heavenly harmony.
The soft music, the low voices of the people around him and the soft popping of champagne corks whispered into Paul's ears.
The soft twirl of a leaf, the trill of a bird in the silent forest, were all pixie-whispers.
The soft, gentle sunlight beckoned me to sleep.
The soft, self-healing exterior of this robot will allow it to take damage, retreat, and then return to combat.
The softest pillow is a clear conscience.
The software company collapsed during the recession.
The software has been updated.
The software is adaptive.
The software is extremely robust and full-featured.
The software is in a "frozen" state. The developers do not want anymore changes.
The software is provided to us by a third party.
The software quietly runs computations in the background, searching for unusual objects such as pulsars.
The software won't run if the anti-piracy dongle isn't plugged in.
The soil appeared.
The soil here is fertile.
The soil is a lot looser.
The soil is alive.
The soil is dry.
The soil is frozen.
The soil is hard; it hasn't rained for a month.
The soil is moist.
The soil is rich in humus.
The soil is wet enough.
The soil retained richness.
The soil should be full of loam, a mixture of sand, silt, clay and organic material.
The soil stores moisture during cooler weather. But most of that moisture is gone by the middle or end of the hottest months of the year. Trees and other plants can look thirsty. Leaves can become droopy and hang downward. They can also turn yellow. Yellowing can be a sign of too much water. But it can also be a warning sign of too little water.
The soil thirsts.
The soil was moist.
The soil was radioactive.
The soil was swept away by a torrent.
The soil will have to be plowed before we start planting.
The solar altitude is 20 degrees.
The solar eclipse is the result of the interposition of the moon between the sun and the Earth.
The solar mass (M☉) is a standard astronomical unit of mass. It corresponds to the mass of the sun.
The solar minimum was on 12/2019, the same exact date as COVID-19. Interstellar radiation reactivates existing and dormant viruses in human body. COVID-19 is radiation poisoning.
The solar orb appeared.
The solar panel captures solar energy.
The solar panels are intact.
The solar panels charge the batteries during the day.
The solar panels could not be used.
The solar panels generate electricity.
The solar system in which we exist is 4.5 billion years old.
The solar system is a small celestial system in the Milky Way.
The solar system is composed of several planets revolving around the sun.
The solar system is just a tiny part of the Milky Way galaxy.
The solar system resides in the Milky Way galaxy.
The solar system’s brightest planet, Venus, reflects around 65 percent of incoming sunlight.
The solar wind forms a protective shield around the Solar System which extends almost as far as the nearest star.
The solar wind is a stream of electrically conducting gas continuously blowing from the Sun’s surface into space at about one million miles (1.6 million kilometers) per hour.
The soldier acted bravely.
The soldier aimed and pulled the trigger.
The soldier aimed his gun at the man.
The soldier banged our heads against each other.
The soldier barreled down the hallway in Skura's direction.
The soldier became a teacher.
The soldier carried on as if his wound was nothing.
The soldier carried out his commander's order.
The soldier clicked his heels together.
The soldier decided he could not refuse the request.
The soldier died on the battleground.
The soldier disdained shooting an unarmed enemy.
The soldier dragged Skura by her hair down the hallway.
The soldier enjoys game and danger, and that is why he enjoys women who are the most dangerous of playthings.
The soldier fought.
The soldier gave his name.
The soldier gave me water.
The soldier gave water to me.
The soldier groaned with pain.
The soldier had a leg injury and couldn't move.
The soldier has died for you. Sweet princess.
The soldier has left.
The soldier held the rifle directly to the baby's head.
The soldier immediately cut off her head.
The soldier is dead.
The soldier is going away.
The soldier is not an enemy.
The soldier kept a sharp lookout in the darkness.
The soldier kept crying for help.
The soldier kicked Layla awake.
The soldier lay dying.
The soldier lay in agony on the bed.
The soldier lay injured on the ground.
The soldier left.
The soldier made light of his wounds.
The soldier never got scars from battles.
The soldier quickly put on a gas mask.
The soldier raised the flag.
The soldier ran.
The soldier really could not refrain from kissing her.
The soldier received official permission to leave.
The soldier refused the fight.
The soldier refused to fire his rifle at the enemy.
The soldier returned home on a furlough.
The soldier sacrificed himself to save his friend's life.
The soldier said that death is not to be feared.
The soldier saluted the captain.
The soldier sat on Ziri's chest and started punching him in the face.
The soldier saved his friend at the cost of his own life.
The soldier stabbed Yanni's mother with a pitchfork.
The soldier standing over there is Tom.
The soldier started hitting her and she crouched down to protect her baby.
The soldier took off his balaclava.
The soldier took shelter in the foxhole.
The soldier vanished.
The soldier was a patriot.
The soldier was blinded by a flashbang grenade.
The soldier was decorated for his brave deed.
The soldier was dying.
The soldier was killed in action.
The soldier was leaving.
The soldier was not in the least afraid to die.
The soldier was watching the road along which we travelled.
The soldier was wearing a swastika armband.
The soldier was wounded in the leg and couldn't move.
The soldier was wounded in the leg and couldn’t move.
The soldier was wounded in the leg.
The soldier was young.
The soldier who stopped the bus made us all get off.
The soldier who surrendered was also there.
The soldier won't fight.
The soldier worries about spears.
The soldier wrote a letter to his mother.
The soldier's boot remained stuck in the mud.
The soldier's boot was stuck in the mud.
The soldier's remains were brought back to his hometown for a proper burial.
The soldiers abandoned their camp.
The soldiers ached for their homeland.
The soldiers advanced on the enemy's position under cover of darkness.
The soldiers advanced on the enemy’s position under cover of darkness.
The soldiers advanced toward the town.
The soldiers all stood to attention.
The soldiers and the survivors boarded the helicopter and left the island.
The soldiers appeared over the field and started shooting.
The soldiers are armed and ready.
The soldiers are dead.
The soldiers are exhausted.
The soldiers are fighting the enemy.
The soldiers are getting ready for battle.
The soldiers are going for the reputation, rather than for profit.
The soldiers are going through severe training.
The soldiers are here to protect our village.
The soldiers are hungry.
The soldiers are in the camp.
The soldiers are jumping off the ship.
The soldiers are ready for battle.
The soldiers are shipping off tomorrow.
The soldiers are the ones who built this tunnel during the war.
The soldiers are wearing iron helmets.
The soldiers are working hard.
The soldiers arrested him and blindfolded him. Then they took him behind their vehicle, and one of the soldiers took aim at his leg and shot him. This scene was filmed and millions of people from all over the world saw it.
The soldiers arrived.
The soldiers barely got out of there alive.
The soldiers battled on horses.
The soldiers beat Yanni's mother savagely.
The soldiers began returning home.
The soldiers began their assault.
The soldiers blew up the dam.
The soldiers built a camp.
The soldiers came through here and killed everyone.
The soldiers came to attention and saluted.
The soldiers came under enemy fire.
The soldiers carefully ventured inside the area.
The soldiers cheered as the train crossed the border into the state of Wisconsin.
The soldiers clicked their heels together.
The soldiers climbed down that cliff.
The soldiers closed in on the hill.
The soldiers complied.
The soldiers conducted a tour of the area.
The soldiers cornered Tom at the edge of a high cliff.
The soldiers could do nothing until spring.
The soldiers could see him now.
The soldiers crossed the river by swimming.
The soldiers decided to make a final stand against the aliens.
The soldiers decimated the unruly population.
The soldiers destroy the bridge by fire.
The soldiers did not agree to the orders of the commander.
The soldiers died.
The soldiers distribute food to the refugees.
The soldiers eat in the mess hall.
The soldiers fell into rank.
The soldiers fell to the ground.
The soldiers fight against the enemy.
The soldiers filled the sandbags with sand.
The soldiers fired their weapons continuously.
The soldiers fired.
The soldiers follow the leader.
The soldiers forced the young men to join the army.
The soldiers forced their way into the building.
The soldiers fought bravely.
The soldiers fought valiantly, but finally they had to give in.
The soldiers got to the foot of the hill before dawn.
The soldiers guarded the bridge.
The soldiers had artillery.
The soldiers had instructions from higher up.
The soldiers had long lost the will to go on fighting. They were freezing and starving, and longed to be at home with their loved ones. No one believed in victory any more.
The soldiers had more powerful weapons.
The soldiers had target practice in the morning.
The soldiers halted at the entrance to the town.
The soldiers handcuffed them and drove them back to their base.
The soldiers have erected a peace monument.
The soldiers headed for the frontier with caution.
The soldiers in "28 Days Later" wanted to rape the two women to "restart" mankind again.
The soldiers in the outposts are continually on the look-out, ready to push back enemy attacks.
The soldiers indiscriminately fired their guns at the crowd.
The soldiers kicked Skura in the stomach.
The soldiers kicked and beat his eldest son in front of him.
The soldiers killed every tenth man of the protesting population.
The soldiers killed many villagers.
The soldiers laid waste to the city.
The soldiers laughed.
The soldiers led Tom to where he would be executed.
The soldiers left for the front.
The soldiers loaded their guns in preparation for the attack.
The soldiers lost the courage to fight.
The soldiers lowered their weapons.
The soldiers made Skura lick the excrement up.
The soldiers made me lie face down on the ground.
The soldiers march in camouflaged uniforms.
The soldiers marched in lockstep.
The soldiers must wait for the police to come.
The soldiers narrowly escaped death.
The soldiers need to explore the bunker as soon as possible.
The soldiers obeyed their commander without question.
The soldiers occupied the building.
The soldiers on the boats would be easy targets.
The soldiers opened fire for nothing.
The soldiers opened fire.
The soldiers ordered the miners to leave.
The soldiers ordered us off the bus and lined us up.
The soldiers passed Ziri.
The soldiers pointed laser weapons at Yuri.
The soldiers prepared themselves for the march.
The soldiers proceeded one by one.
The soldiers proceeded to beat Skura with their belts.
The soldiers proceeded to the frontier with caution.
The soldiers put on their combat uniforms.
The soldiers reduced the town to rubble.
The soldiers refused to obey the commander's orders to kill the women and children.
The soldiers remained still.
The soldiers report for duty tomorrow.
The soldiers resisted the enemy attack.
The soldiers retreated from their positions.
The soldiers returned to their lines.
The soldiers rushed into the area.
The soldiers said they were ready to die for their country.
The soldiers savagely tortured Skura.
The soldiers seized food from the people they conquered.
The soldiers set fire to the barn.
The soldiers set up barricades.
The soldiers shot Edmundo down.
The soldiers shot a man for simply getting out of the line by accident.
The soldiers solemnly draped the flag over the coffin.
The soldiers soon overran the fortress.
The soldiers start firing at something.
The soldiers started dragging Skura down the hallway.
The soldiers started kicking Skura.
The soldiers started kicking the woman in her stomach.
The soldiers started killing each other after they ran out of food.
The soldiers started their attack.
The soldiers started to fire at the spider-like creature that was hatching from the egg.
The soldiers stood at attention.
The soldiers stopped at every farm and village.
The soldiers stopped by Paul’s house.
The soldiers surrounded the alien creature.
The soldiers surrounded the village.
The soldiers swam across the river.
The soldiers swam in a bloody river.
The soldiers thought that they might be home for Christmas.
The soldiers threw the tree into the river.
The soldiers took him out of his bed and beat him up in front of his wife and children.
The soldiers took him out of the mosque and executed him.
The soldiers took his eldest son to the courtyard and proceeded to beat him up.
The soldiers took the youngsters to a place where they thought nobody would see them, then they picked up stones and started to hit the youngsters on their heads and their arms to break their bones. They didn't know that they were being filmed.
The soldiers tortured him in front of his wife and daughters.
The soldiers tried desperately to fight back.
The soldiers tried to fight back by shooting arrows at Ziri's men.
The soldiers turned traitor.
The soldiers walked down the path in a single file.
The soldiers walked in a straight line, looking ahead of them.
The soldiers washed their mess tins in the river.
The soldiers watched what was happening.
The soldiers went back to the town without any hope.
The soldiers were administered an experimental vaccine.
The soldiers were alerted.
The soldiers were all supplied with a map of the place.
The soldiers were all wearing gas masks.
The soldiers were animated by the song.
The soldiers were armed.
The soldiers were attacked by a group of Japanese.
The soldiers were billeted in villages.
The soldiers were brave.
The soldiers were carrying live rounds.
The soldiers were disaffected toward the government.
The soldiers were dissatisfied with the government.
The soldiers were equipped with weapons.
The soldiers were exposed to the enemy's fire.
The soldiers were exposed to the enemy’s fire.
The soldiers were filthy, and they stank.
The soldiers were guarding the bridge.
The soldiers were impeccably polite.
The soldiers were killing innocent people.
The soldiers were making for the enemy camp.
The soldiers were marching to the beat of the drum.
The soldiers were marching two abreast.
The soldiers were marching with their swords shining.
The soldiers were marking time.
The soldiers were on the alert.
The soldiers were ordered to make an attack.
The soldiers were putting on their helmets.
The soldiers were putting their helmets on.
The soldiers were quartered in an old house near the fort.
The soldiers were ready to die for their country.
The soldiers were regarded as cannon fodder.
The soldiers were running in every direction.
The soldiers were sent back to their base.
The soldiers were shooting at the civilians.
The soldiers were shooting at the people.
The soldiers were stomping on Skura's body viciously.
The soldiers were told never to surrender.
The soldiers were tried in court for murder.
The soldiers were trying to fend off the attack.
The soldiers were trying to hold back the giant monster.
The soldiers were wearing steel helmets.
The soldiers were well-treated and fought for a cause.
The soldiers were young.
The soldiers who didn't obey orders were executed.
The soldiers who stopped the bus made us all get off.
The soldiers who were running were weary.
The soldiers will soon return to camp.
The soldiers withstood the enemy attack.
The soldiers wore steel helmets.
The soldiers worked together.
The soldiers' food supply is running out.
The soldiers' meal was beans and onions.
The soldiers' mission was to destroy the bridge.
The soldiers, though they were conquered, did not retreat.
The soldiers’ food supply is running out.
The soldiers’ mission was to destroy the bridge.
The sole equality on earth is death.
The sole purpose of the brain is to process cultural gaslighting, not for reasoning. Just sit on your hands.
The sole ray of sunshine in this dreary brood is seven-year-old Olive: bespectacled, slightly chubby, but full of youthful optimism.
The sole survivor of the crash was a baby.
The soles of my shoes are worn.
The soles on the shoes were worn down from running.
The solidarity that was in the villages in the past is gone.
The solitary window was so dirty that the light was hazy and uncertain, giving a dull grey tinge to everything, which was intensified by the thick layer of dust which coated the whole apartment.
The solo kayaker explored the scenic river.
The solute is a calcium salt.
The solution he proposed was completely out of the question.
The solution here is complex.
The solution is actually quite simple.
The solution is banal.
The solution is only arrived at by a trick.
The solution is only temporary.
The solution is simple.
The solution is simpler than you think.
The solution lay before my eyes, but I didn't see it.
The solution lies there.
The solution of one may prove to be the solution of the other.
The solution of the energy problem will take a long time.
The solution of the problem took me five minutes.
The solution of the problem took three years.
The solution of the puzzle required no time.
The solution proposed by Tom is the best.
The solution to a problem becomes the source of a new problem.
The solution to all your problem is to get a dog.
The solution to our problems is not in our hands.
The solution to that problem was more difficult than expected.
The solution to that problem was more difficult than we anticipated.
The solution to the problem is near.
The solution to this puzzle is not as complicated as you might think.
The solution was obvious.
The solution was quite simple.
The solution was right in front of me, but I couldn't see it.
The solution which was suggested was acceptable to all parties.
The solutions aren't so clear.
The solutions exist, but the will is lacking.
The sommelier approves of customers who choose red wine with fish.
The sommelier recommended a wine to Adriano.
The son I have in Aksu is very brave!
The son acquiesced in his parents' wishes.
The son acquiesced in his parents’ wishes.
The son asked a question of his mother.
The son demonstrated his anger by shutting the door and noisily.
The son doubted his mother's words.
The son has betrayed the trust of his father.
The son is alongside the father.
The son is even more talented than his father.
The son is exactly like his father.
The son is known by his father.
The son is standing next to the father.
The son must obey the father.
The son of Heaven, when sacrificing, wore the cap decorated with twelve pendants of jade beads hanging down before and behind, and the robe embroidered with dragons.
The son of a child is a grandson.
The son of a great actor became a good actor in his own right.
The son of a once-influential and wealthy Hong Kong family who lost their fortune in the Great Depression of the 1930s, Stanley Ho escaped to Macau during World War Two when Japanese forces captured Hong Kong.
The son of a sibling is a nephew.
The son of an aunt is a cousin.
The son of an uncle is a cousin.
The son of my elder sister is as old as my youngest brother.
The son resisted his father's will.
The song "A Birch Stood in the Field" was composed at the beginning of the 19th century by the Russified Tatar Nigmat Ibragimov.
The song "Dang Me" was written and recorded by Roger Miller in 1965.
The song "I Am Woman" by Helen Reddy became the unofficial anthem of the Women's Liberation Movement.
The song "Katyusha" was written by Mikhail Isakovsky and Matvei Blanter.
The song "Kill the Boer" is controversial.
The song "Su Forma De Besar" by the group Les Surfs, a 60s Yé-yé pop group from Madagascar, is a delightful and tender recording of a classic R&B song.
The song "YMCA" by The Village People is a gay anthem.
The song A New England first appeared on Billy Bragg's 1983 debut LP.
The song Dark Was the Night by Blind Willie Johnson is one of the sound samples included on the Voyager space probe's Golden Records.
The song Dirty Old Town, written by Ewan MacColl and famously covered by the Pogues, was written about the town of Salford in Greater Manchester.
The song I heard before in the train station loops endlessly around my head.
The song I want to sing is one that you know.
The song Lili Marleen is about two lovers who stand next to a lamppost.
The song always reminds me of my childhood.
The song always reminds of my childhood.
The song appealed to young people.
The song blows.
The song called up my childhood.
The song caught on with the public.
The song descended from a legend.
The song had a melody that went like this.
The song has a catchy melody.
The song has a catchy tune.
The song has an interesting melodic line.
The song has crossover appeal.
The song has great lyrics and a great tune. I liked it from the start.
The song ignited a passion in the crowd.
The song is at once sad and beautiful.
The song is driving me nuts.
The song is dull overall, but the vocals are really good, to the point that it feels like a waste.
The song is familiar to us.
The song is in Berber.
The song is long, it has five stanzas.
The song is now very familiar to us.
The song is well known to everybody.
The song is well-known to all.
The song is well-known to everyone.
The song made Lorenzo cry.
The song made her cry.
The song of cicadas is comforting.
The song of nightingales is very beautiful.
The song of the bird is pleasant.
The song of the birds at sunrise is one of the simple joys of countryside life.
The song of this bird is very beautiful.
The song of this bird is very melodious.
The song outstays its welcome: it should be a couple of minutes shorter.
The song perfectly describes the feeling of falling in love with someone that you shouldn't.
The song played by that blind pianist really moved me.
The song reminds me of my home.
The song reminds me of my young days.
The song reminds me of my youth.
The song sold more than one million copies, and was awarded a gold record.
The song that Tom sang was very beautiful.
The song that we just sang was written by Tom Jackson.
The song the actress sang was a song by Mariah Carey.
The song title is in Berber.
The song turned out to be prophetic.
The song was a big hit.
The song was a crossover hit.
The song was a hit.
The song was a huge success.
The song was played through the speakers.
The song was reminiscent of a barbershop quartet.
The song was superbly performed.
The song we just sang was written by Tom Jackson.
The song's refrain is a real earworm.
The song's tempo is slow and smooth.
The song's tune is catchy.
The song, which changed her life, is being sung at every one of her performances.
The songs are for the folk a long way from its home.
The songs for the sea are melancholics, because the sea have the taste of tears.
The songs of the birds are pleasant.
The songwriter was sued for plagiarism.
The sonnet has fourteen verses.
The sons are loved by the parents.
The sons of Jacob answered Sichem and his father deceitfully, being enraged at the deflowering of their sister: We cannot do what you demand, nor give our sister to one that is uncircumcised; which with us is unlawful and abominable.
The sons of bitches that came before you said the same thing.
The sons sorrowfully buried their father.
The sons sorrowfully buried their mother.
The sons sorrowfully buried their parents.
The sons, grandsons and great grandsons of the king are princes.
The sooner I do that, the better.
The sooner Tom does that, the better.
The sooner Tom leaves, the better for us.
The sooner children have contact with chess, the more possibilities they will have to become skilled chess players or professional chess players.
The sooner he does that, the better.
The sooner he shuts up, the better.
The sooner it's autumn again, the better.
The sooner it's over, the better.
The sooner she does that, the better.
The sooner the better.
The sooner they do that, the better.
The sooner they leave, the better.
The sooner we act, the better.
The sooner we finish this, the better.
The sooner we get there, the more likely are we to get seats.
The sooner we get this done, the better.
The sooner we leave, the better for all.
The sooner we leave, the better.
The sooner we start doing something about global climate change, the better off we'll be.
The sooner we start, the better.
The sooner we start, the sooner we'll be done.
The sooner we start, the sooner we'll finish.
The sooner we start, the sooner we’ll finish.
The sooner we're paid, the better.
The sooner you clear the matter up with Tom, the better.
The sooner you deal with it, the more time you'll have for other things.
The sooner you do it, the better it is.
The sooner you do it, the better.
The sooner you do that, the better.
The sooner you explain the problem, the sooner we can solve it.
The sooner you get that out of your head, the better, okay?
The sooner you get to bed, the sooner tomorrow will come. Sleep well.
The sooner you get your ticket, the cheaper the fare.
The sooner you give up smoking, the greater the benefits.
The sooner you give up, the greater the benefits.
The sooner you go, the better.
The sooner you leave, the better.
The sooner you realize that the solar minimums and solar maximums influence your health more than citizens are told the better.
The sooner you return, the happier your father will be.
The sooner you start doing that, the better.
The sooner you start doing that, the sooner you'll be finished.
The sooner you start learning Berber, the better.
The sooner you start saving money for your retirement, the better off you'll be.
The sooner you start, the sooner you'll finish.
The sooner, the better.
The soot, which had not been disturbed for centuries, showered down the huge chimneys.
The soothsayer warned Caesar to "beware the ides of March."
The soprano received thunderous applause for her performance.
The soprano's tessitura was impressive.
The sorcerer put a spell on the children.
The sorceress attacked Ziri with her hair.
The sorceress dwells in a castle across the sea.
The sorceress lives in the castle across the sea.
The sorceress turned Tom into a bear as punishment for his unseemly behavior.
The sorceress was enchantingly beautiful.
The soreness in her throat made swallowing extremely painful.
The sorrow silently consumes the soul.
The sort of information that we need isn't always available.
The sort of information we need is not always available.
The sort of information we need isn't always available.
The soul animates the body.
The soul can exist without the body.
The soul doesn't have a body.
The soul is different from the body.
The soul is eternal.
The soul is gone, but his work remains.
The soul is immortal.
The soul is made up of reason, determination, and passion.
The soul is reborn with each new dawn. The Eternal Being is night, shadow, day, light. Human life is a brief journey along the road of space-time... The hand that leads us is strong.
The soul is the prison of the body.
The soul must be purified before it can ascend.
The soul of a people lives in its language.
The soul of commerce is upright dealing.
The soul of man is larger than the sky and deeper than the ocean.
The soul of such a man is likely as tender as silk.
The soul of sweet delight, can never be defiled.
The soul seeks higher truths.
The soul survives the death of the body.
The soul that desires God to surrender himself to it entirely must surrender itself entirely to him without keeping anything for itself.
The soul went to dispel sorrow, it found suffering companions.
The soum teacher rode a camel on holidays.
The sound Damiano heard sounded like an animal in pain.
The sound annoyed me at first, but I'm used to it now.
The sound appeared to jump from place to place.
The sound became fainter and fainter, till at last it disappeared.
The sound became fainter and fainter, until at last it disappeared.
The sound came from ahead.
The sound came from an open field.
The sound came from inside an air vent in the corner.
The sound came from inside the cabin.
The sound came from that direction.
The sound came from the treeline.
The sound ceased.
The sound chilled Ziri to the bone.
The sound chilled my body with dread.
The sound continued for three minutes or four.
The sound could be heard from miles.
The sound didn't seem human to us.
The sound died away.
The sound echoed in my ears.
The sound exists in the language only as an allophone of the phoneme /t/.
The sound exists in the language, but only as an allophone.
The sound footing of his book were interviews with more than 500 millionaires and billionaires.
The sound from the next room suddenly stopped.
The sound from the thundersticks was overwhelming at the stadium today.
The sound got so annoying.
The sound gradually died away.
The sound grew fainter and fainter.
The sound grew louder.
The sound is bad.
The sound is coming from inside the house.
The sound is coming from over there.
The sound is cutting up a lot.
The sound is quite similar to that of a dulcimer, psaltery, or zither.
The sound is really loud.
The sound is too low.
The sound is too weak.
The sound kept getting closer.
The sound lessened.
The sound made Tobias freeze like a deer in headlights.
The sound of a gunshot echoed across the canyon.
The sound of a kiss is not as loud as that of a cannon, but its echo lasts much longer.
The sound of a kiss is not so loud as that of a cannon, but its echo lasts a deal longer.
The sound of a rock hitting the ground grabbed Ziri's attention.
The sound of a trumpet will bode the end of the world.
The sound of an awful scream made him shudder.
The sound of children crying can be heard in the distance.
The sound of children playing was borne on the wind.
The sound of clinking keys can be heard from next door.
The sound of construction often blocks out the sound of the TV.
The sound of crickets chirping and frogs croaking lulls me to sleep.
The sound of footsteps approaching could be heard in the darkness.
The sound of footsteps began getting closer and closer towards out tents.
The sound of footsteps triggered a fight-or-flight response in all of us.
The sound of gunfire alerted Gabriel.
The sound of heavy knocking abruptly woke Igor up.
The sound of her heart beating was calming to him.
The sound of jets taking off gets on my nerves.
The sound of money is a language known in every country.
The sound of other people biting loudly into crisp apples always repulsed Tom.
The sound of purring soothes my soul.
The sound of rain helps me fall asleep.
The sound of rain is music to me.
The sound of shouting grew faint.
The sound of sprinklers can be heard in France’s eastern Burgundy region — one of several methods desperate wine growers are using to save their vines.
The sound of the alarm stopped, but the light kept flashing.
The sound of the approaching car was music to my ears.
The sound of the bat hitting the ball echoed in the stadium.
The sound of the bat hitting the ball echoed through the stadium.
The sound of the bell told them it was time to eat.
The sound of the bell woke me.
The sound of the breeze through the trees was relaxing.
The sound of the bumblebee's wings reverberated in the room, intensifying Anna's fear.
The sound of the campfire crackling lulled Matthew to sleep.
The sound of the campfire was soothing, and Matthew felt at peace.
The sound of the dog's bark could scare anyone.
The sound of the explosion made him freeze in terror.
The sound of the father drinking tea annoys the mother.
The sound of the gentle waves lulled Gabriel to sleep by the lake.
The sound of the guitar echoed through the streets.
The sound of the ice cream truck brought back a rush of nostalgia for William's childhood summers.
The sound of the ocean waves helped them sleep at night.
The sound of the parade died away.
The sound of the picture frame falling startled him.
The sound of the rain needs no translation.
The sound of the rain woke her up.
The sound of the river faded.
The sound of the sheep's hooves echoed through the hills as they followed Matthew back to the barn.
The sound of the stream lulled me to sleep.
The sound of the train faded away.
The sound of the violin is beautiful.
The sound of the violin is very sweet.
The sound of the waves crashing against the rocks is an eternal concert of the sea.
The sound of the waves was so calming.
The sound of the wind howling outside made Matthew grateful for the warmth of the fireplace.
The sound of the wind is scary. It feels like the sound of ghosts.
The sound of the woodpecker tapping on the tree echoed through the forest.
The sound of water is soothing.
The sound of water relaxes me.
The sound of waves filled the air.
The sound of your voice brings back old memories.
The sound of your voice is like a siren's song to me.
The sound of your voice is like music to my ears, and I can't imagine a world where your sweet words are absent.
The sound of your voice is like siren’s song to me.
The sound quality is much warmer, richer and people appreciate that.
The sound reminded me of our old dog that passed away four months ago.
The sound ripped through the night.
The sound rises and falls.
The sound roused her from sleep.
The sound seemed to come directly from Tobias's room.
The sound sleep of childhood is weighing my eyelids down, and for a few moments I sink into slumber and oblivion until awakened by some one.
The sound sounded like a crying kid.
The sound started again.
The sound started softly, then it became louder.
The sound started to get louder.
The sound startled Ziri.
The sound station's initiate recordings will be dogs barking excitedly, then falling silent as they lunge into their harnesses. Then it will be sled runners soughing in deep snow.
The sound suddenly stopped.
The sound took me by surprise.
The sound values of the various letters are fluid within type limits.
The sound was almost unnoticeable.
The sound was annoying but harmless to the human body.
The sound was barely audible.
The sound was coming from inside the vent.
The sound was coming from outside Lorenzo's room.
The sound was coming from outside.
The sound was coming from that direction.
The sound was coming from the backyard.
The sound was completely gone.
The sound was distinct from here.
The sound was far off but Ziri could hear it.
The sound was getting louder and closer.
The sound was gradually fainting into the distance.
The sound was just too weird.
The sound was nearly indetectable.
The sound was practically imperceptible.
The sound was probably made by a wild animal.
The sound was probably made by some kind of animal.
The sound was really strange.
The sound was so deep and unnerving.
The sound was so loud it made Tobias jump out of his bed.
The sound was very close.
The sound was very loud.
The sound wasn't coming from any of us.
The sound wasn't from the dryer.
The sound wasn't very audible.
The sound went on for a good five minutes before silence.
The sound woke Tobias completely.
The sound woke Ziri up.
The sound woke her up.
The sound woke me up.
The sound woke us up.
The sound won't make it out of the studio.
The sounds I heard came from outside the house.
The sounds are imperceptible to humans.
The sounds babies make when they babble seem to contain a lot of anterior consonants.
The sounds finally stopped.
The sounds got louder and louder.
The sounds of souls crying in the fire could be heard.
The sounds of the city are merging into a single monotonous noise.
The sounds of the thunder became distant.
The sounds of the woods were calming.
The sounds stopped.
The sounds turned more aggressive.
The soundtrack is very nice.
The soundtracks of most video games are mostly ambient music.
The soup I had was so hot I couldn't drink it.
The soup I had was so hot I couldn’t drink it.
The soup Tom made wasn't too bad.
The soup begins to boil.
The soup contains meat.
The soup doesn't taste of anything.
The soup got cold.
The soup had turned a strange colour, so Tom decided to pour it away and open a tin of ravioli instead.
The soup has a disgusting taste.
The soup in the bowl is tasty.
The soup in the bowl was very delicious.
The soup in the cup looks very hot.
The soup in the pot tasted very salty.
The soup is a bit tasteless. You should have salted it more.
The soup is a bit too salty.
The soup is bubbling in the pot.
The soup is cold.
The soup is frozen.
The soup is hot.
The soup is in the tureen.
The soup is not cool.
The soup is not eaten as hot as it is served.
The soup is really very hot indeed.
The soup is simmering on the stove and the bread is cooking in the oven.
The soup is so hot I can't drink it.
The soup is so hot I can’t drink it.
The soup is still hot.
The soup is tasteless.
The soup is terribly hot.
The soup is thick.
The soup is too hot.
The soup is too salty.
The soup is very bad. It's too salty.
The soup is very hot!
The soup is very hot.
The soup is very hot. You shouldn't eat it now.
The soup is very salty.
The soup needs more garlic.
The soup needs more salt.
The soup pot simmered on the stove.
The soup tastes of garlic.
The soup was delicious.
The soup was nothing but water.
The soup was served in a bowl made of bread.
The soup was too hot.
The soup was watery.
The soup's cold.
The soup's too hot, I can't eat it.
The soup's very hot.
The soup-spoon is always on the extreme right.
The soup’s too hot, I can’t eat it.
The sour cream has already gone bad.
The source also said that the Duchess of Cambridge feels "fulfilled" by her achievements over the last twelve months.
The source code entered public domain.
The source code had been leaked.
The source code is freely available.
The source languages to whose domain search and research could safely be restricted were Spanish and Portuguese, Italian, French, and English, with German and Russian as possible substitutes.
The source made reference to Kate and the Queen being seen chatting and smiling together last March.
The source of many of our mistakes is a lack of patience.
The source of my anguish is your lack of loyalty.
The source of the fire is unknown.
The source of the trouble appeared to be that Napoleon and Mr. Pilkington had each played an ace of spades simultaneously.
The sous chef stood at the stove, stirring the simmering soup with a large spoon.
The south had no money to rebuild.
The south of Algeria is home to the Tuaregs, a Berber-speaking group.
The south of Algeria is very dry and dominated by the desert.
The south of Italy is called the Mezzogiorno.
The southeasterly wind blew over the water.
The southern Italian island of Sicily has been covered with a vast plume of smoke and ash.
The southern army needed men and supplies.
The southern hemisphere is below the equator.
The southern shore of the lake is marshy and inaccessible.
The sovereign completely recovered from his illness.
The sow is nursing the piglets.
The sow is pregnant for the second time.
The soya bean is a good source of vegetarian protein.
The spa has a calming atmosphere.
The spa has a float tank.
The spa has a peaceful waterfall feature.
The spa has a relaxing lounge area.
The spa has a sauna and hot tub.
The spa has a variety of massage techniques.
The spa has a yoga studio.
The spa has an infrared sauna.
The spa is located in the city center.
The spa offers Swedish massages.
The spa offers Thai massages.
The spa offers a body contouring treatment.
The spa offers a body wrap and massage combo.
The spa offers a chocolate body scrub.
The spa offers a coconut oil massage.
The spa offers a deep cleansing facial.
The spa offers a diamond microdermabrasion treatment.
The spa offers a facial massage.
The spa offers a foot massage.
The spa offers a herbal detox bath.
The spa offers a jade roller facial.
The spa offers a microcurrent facial.
The spa offers a reflexology foot bath.
The spa offers a scalp massage.
The spa offers a scalp treatment.
The spa offers a sinus relief treatment.
The spa offers acupuncture treatments.
The spa offers an anti-cellulite treatment.
The spa offers an oxygen facial.
The spa offers aromatherapy treatments.
The spa offers body wraps.
The spa offers chiropractic treatments.
The spa offers couples massages.
The spa offers cupping treatments.
The spa offers deep tissue massages.
The spa offers energy healing sessions.
The spa offers facials and skin treatments.
The spa offers hot stone massages.
The spa offers lash extensions.
The spa offers lymphatic drainage massages.
The spa offers microdermabrasion treatments.
The spa offers nail treatments.
The spa offers prenatal massages.
The spa offers reflexology treatments.
The spa offers reiki healing sessions.
The spa offers sports massages.
The spa's décor is modern and elegant.
The spa's music is soothing.
The spa's prices are reasonable.
The spa's staff is highly trained.
The space age began in 1957 when the Soviet Union launched Sputnik 1, the world's first man-made satellite.
The space agency considers objects that pass within 48 million kilometers of our planet a “near-earth” object.
The space agency planned the first mission to Mars.
The space agency's mineralogist says this asteroid was unique because researchers can compare the data collected before it came down, with the recovered fragments.
The space bar is an alphanumerical keyboard's key.
The space bar is the largest key on the keyboard.
The space before an exclamation mark is not needed.
The space before the question mark needs to be removed.
The space before the question mark should be removed.
The space between the eyebrows is called the glabella.
The space cadets said that at the end of the wormhole might be another universe.
The space capsule made a splashdown in the ocean.
The space crew faced a critical emergency on their mission.
The space crew successfully completed their mission to Mars.
The space expedition was filled with breathtaking moments.
The space explorers discovered a new planet in the galaxy.
The space explorers made a groundbreaking discovery.
The space explorers made a historic landing on a new planet.
The space hotel had enormous bay windows overlooking the rainbow stripes of Jupiter below.
The space hotel had grandiose buffets throughout the whole day.
The space hotel was luxurious with all the chandeliers in the grand lobby where a magnificent staircase led to the fabulous dining area.
The space industry is full of trials and errors. Hopefully, their data will be preserved and not lost; otherwise, they will have to restart from the very beginning.
The space journey tested their skills and endurance.
The space journey was the most exciting experience of their lives.
The space mission faced numerous technical difficulties.
The space mission faced unexpected challenges in deep space.
The space mission is in jeopardy.
The space mission was an urgent matter for the crew.
The space pod still works.
The space probe Lucy is expected to arrive in 2025 to the proximity of the asteroid Donaldjohanson.
The space probe has reached Mars.
The space probe parachuted down to the methanic lake on Titan.
The space program suffered a devastating loss in January of 1986 when the Space Shuttle Challenger exploded 73 seconds after launch in the skies over Cape Canaveral.
The space race between the United States and the Soviet Union led to many groundbreaking discoveries.
The space race was an exciting time in history.
The space ship will get to the moon soon.
The space shuttle Atlantis undocked from the International Space Station Sunday, after astronauts completed construction work on the station, and made preparations to return to Earth.
The space shuttle Columbia disintegrated upon re-entry into the Earth's atmosphere in February 2003 after debris punctured the orbiter's insulation, allowing superheated gases to penetrate its wing.
The space shuttle informs us about the earth, too.
The space shuttle was used to take astronauts into orbit for many years.
The space shuttles were designed to go to a space station.
The space station crew dealt with an unexpected emergency.
The space station is designed to be a permanent orbiting research facility. Its major purpose is to perform world-class science and research that only a microgravity environment can provide.
The space station is running out of food.
The space station not only served as a laboratory and living space for astronauts, but also as a support base for other spacecraft which had the ability to dock with the station.
The space telescope will help us know the universe much better than before.
The space telescope's iconic imagery has redefined our view of the universe and our place in time and space.
The spacebar is the largest key on your keyboard.
The spacecraft Lucy took off before dawn Saturday from Cape Canaveral, Florida.
The spacecraft began heading into deep space.
The spacecraft disappeared into thin air.
The spacecraft encountered several hardware anomalies, many of which inexplicably fixed themselves.
The spacecraft experienced heavy turbulence.
The spacecraft is closing in on its destination.
The spacecraft is designed to autonomously keep itself safe and on track to the Sun.
The spacecraft is on track to deliver an asteroid sample to Earth on September 24, 2023.
The spacecraft kept gaining speed.
The spacecraft landed.
The spacecraft moved closer and closer.
The spacecraft safely entered the Earth.
The spacecraft was destroyed.
The spacecraft was drifting in deep space.
The spacecraft was launched atop a reusable SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket.
The spacecraft will fly to within 42 million kilometers of the sun, closer than Mercury.
The spacecraft will fly to within 42 million kilometers of the sun, closer than Mercury. At that distance, it will face temperatures up to 600 degrees Celsius, almost hot enough to melt aluminum.
The spacecraft’s many science instruments will study the asteroids’ surface features, their varied landscapes, and perhaps even their internal structure.
The spacecraft’s thrusters must change its velocity by 958 kilometers per hour to set it on a path to intersect Earth, expected in September 2023.
The spaceman looked out of the space shuttle and saw a little green spaceman in a spaceship.
The spaceship Apollo 11 reached a speed of close to 40,000 km/h.
The spaceship is out of orbit around the moon.
The spaceship isn't fast enough.
The spaceship made a perfect landing.
The spaceship makes voyages from planet to planet.
The spaceship performed a space-jump and disappeared into thin air.
The spaceship suddenly activated.
The spaceship was never to return to Earth.
The spaceship was never to return to the earth.
The spaceship was seemingly out of control.
The spacesuit protects the astronaut from the dangers of being outside in space.
The spacesuits have visors to protect astronauts' eyes from the bright sunlight.
The spacious plain spread as far as the eye can see, dotted with groves here and there.
The spaghetti Tom made was delicious.
The spaghetti is really good at this restaurant.
The spaghetti sauce would taste better if you added some onions.
The spare room is ready for guests.
The spare tire is in the trunk.
The spare tyre is in the boot.
The spark in Yanni's marriage seems to have dimmed.
The spark plug needs changing.
The spark plug needs to be changed.
The spark plugs aren't the problem.
The sparkling band of stars, stretching right round the velvety blackness of the clear night sky, made me forget the cold for a moment and dream of the vastness of the galaxy.
The sparrow flies through the sunny valley.
The sparrow is cheeping.
The sparrow is singing in the trees.
The sparrow landed on the perch of the bird feeder.
The sparrow rose straight upward.
The sparrow was killed by the cat.
The sparrows are cheeping.
The sparrows are singing in the trees.
The sparrows took refuge under the bush.
The spatulas, ramekins, plates, and mugs are all from the collection.
The speaker aroused the anger of the audience.
The speaker banged the table with his fist.
The speaker believes that cosmetic industries always behave in an ethical way.
The speaker believes that cosmetic industries mislead women with impossible claims.
The speaker believes that overt expression of feeling for others helps people tap into their own repressed emotions.
The speaker brought the truth home to us.
The speaker can talk quickly.
The speaker cleared her throat.
The speaker cleared his throat and had a sip of water.
The speaker cleared his throat and took a sip of water.
The speaker cleared his throat.
The speaker couldn't make himself heard.
The speaker couldn’t make himself heard.
The speaker covered the microphone with his hand and whispered something to the woman sitting beside him.
The speaker did not refer to his notes during his talk.
The speaker didn't know his subject, nor did he speak well; in short, he was disappointing.
The speaker didn’t know his subject, nor did he speak well; in short, he was disappointing.
The speaker hinted at corruption in the political world.
The speaker illustrated the theory with examples.
The speaker is from Malaysia.
The speaker is middle-aged.
The speaker is young.
The speaker laid stress on the need for thrift.
The speaker occasionally referred to his notes.
The speaker organized his lecture notes.
The speaker paused and then went on talking again.
The speaker paused here.
The speaker paused to take a drink of water.
The speaker pounded on the dais as they emphatically made their point.
The speaker raised his voice so that all might hear.
The speaker raised his voice so that everyone might hear.
The speaker referred to his notes every few minutes.
The speaker requested that the audience remain silent.
The speaker should stand where everyone can see him.
The speaker sometimes referred to his notes.
The speaker spoke in English.
The speaker started blaring a national alert.
The speaker started blasting again out of nowhere.
The speaker stepped onto the floor to begin his address.
The speaker stressed the need for thrift.
The speaker swaggered into the lecture hall.
The speaker took every opportunity he could to big-note himself.
The speaker treated the subject very briefly.
The speaker tried to incite the people to rebellion.
The speaker wandered away from the subject.
The speaker was ambiguous as to how much firewood we actually had to bring.
The speaker was interrupted by the audience.
The speaker was restrained in his attitude.
The speaker was so famous as to need no introduction.
The speaker was so well-known as to need no introduction.
The speaker was speaking English.
The speaker was speaking in English.
The speaker's argument was off the point.
The speaker's comments were highly offensive.
The speaker's voice is easy to hear throughout the room.
The speakers are sold separately.
The speakers have stopped working, so you'll have to use headphones.
The speakers in the seminar said that the children of Bangladesh are talented.
The speaker’s argument was off the point.
The speaker’s comments were highly offensive.
The spear didn't hit Tom.
The spear missed Tom.
The special adviser expressed particular alarm about the use of rape and gender-based violence, the burning and looting of villages, the bombing of medical facilities and the lack of access to water and electricity.
The special conditions will be valid until 2025.
The special effects are excellent.
The special forces team arrived and started to shoot at the inmates indiscriminately.
The special lecture was put off until the next day due to the bad weather.
The specialist predicts international tension will build up.
The species eat squid, octopus, Pacific hake and other boney fishes, various cartilaginous fishes, and jawless fishes.
The species faded away.
The species is already extinct.
The species once numbered at 100,000.
The species will be made extinct by the end of this century.
The specific shape of proteins allows them to perform specific functions.
The specified email is already registered.
The specimen was caught in a pitfall trap sunk in the ground.
The specs of this computer is very nice!
The spectacle cannot be understood as a mere visual deception produced by mass-media technologies. It is a worldview that has actually been materialized, a view of a world that has become objective.
The spectacle is not a collection of images; it is a social relation between people that is mediated by images.
The spectacle presents itself simultaneously as society itself, as a part of society, and as a means of unification. As a part of society, it is the focal point of all vision and all consciousness. But due to the very fact that this sector is separate, it is in reality the domain of delusion and false consciousness: the unification it achieves is nothing but an official language of universal separation.
The spectator gazed on and on till the windows and vanes lost their shine, going out almost suddenly like extinguished candles.
The spectators are arriving.
The spectators are getting restless.
The spectators are taking their seats in the stands.
The spectators at the baseball match cheered their team on.
The spectators cheered for Gustavo's team.
The spectators cheered the players on.
The spectators in the gallery were making a lot of noise.
The spectators rose as one and applauded.
The spectators waved their flags as Gabriel crossed the finish line.
The spectators were excited by his home run.
The spectators were moved by her graceful performance.
The spectre of bankruptcy has loomed over Tom's firm for some time.
The spectre's voice disturbed the very marrow in his bones.
The speech contest took place on the ninth of November.
The speech contest was held under the auspices of the Ministry of Education.
The speech deeply affected the audience.
The speech has been misquoted so often that it's become — I can't think of any other way to say this — an alternative fact.
The speech lasted for almost an hour.
The speech lasted for two hours.
The speech lasted thirty minutes.
The speech lasted two hours.
The speech made by the president yesterday delighted his supporters.
The speech made by the student was interesting.
The speech of God is above any other speech.
The speech of the scholar is well worth listening to.
The speech should begin soon.
The speech therapist at Tom's school helped him overcome his articulation problems.
The speech was actually a copy of the previous year's.
The speech was broadcast on the radio.
The speech was greeted by loud cheers.
The speech was met with applause and acclamation by the crowd.
The speech was met with thunderous applause.
The speech was so boring that they went away one by one.
The speech was so long that I fell asleep towards the end of it.
The speech was two hours long.
The speech was well received by the audience.
The speech will be about human rights.
The speed at which he keeps churning out sentences in Albanian makes me wonder if 'he' is a machine.
The speed at which native speakers of other languages are adding sentences doesn't even compare to theirs.
The speed at which this software is being updated is incredible.
The speed limit is 70 miles per hour.
The speed limit is 70 mph.
The speed limit was 60 mph.
The speed limits are just a suggestion.
The speed of an airplane is much greater than that of a helicopter.
The speed of light in a vacuum is represented by the letter "c", from "celeritas", which in Latin means speed.
The speed of light is about 300,000 kilometers per second.
The speed of light is much greater than that of sound.
The speed of the spread of AIDS is horrifyingly fast.
The speed that this glacier has been shrinking is really shocking.
The speed with which we forget is just unbelievable.
The speeder was pulled over and fined.
The speeder was stopped and given a ticket.
The speeding car missed the child, who ran out into the road, by only a hairsbreadth.
The speeding driver risked injuring himself and others.
The speeding vehicle skidded and crashed head-on into the rear-end of a truck before the driver could say Jack Robinson.
The speedometer is recording 100 mph now.
The speedometer was indicating 95 mph.
The spell checker does not recognize all Spanish words.
The spell has been broken.
The spell is broken.
The spell of drought did severe damage to the harvest.
The spell was broken and the pig turned into a man.
The spell was broken irrevocably.
The spell was broken, and the pig was again transformed into a man.
The spell was broken.
The spell was irrevocably broken.
The spell worked.
The spelling of the language is also part of the country's culture.
The spending of the Algerian government is higher than its income.
The sperm bank values the health of their donors.
The sperm from male humans originates in the seminiferous tubules which are located in the testes.
The sperm is secreting special enzymes to digest the jelly coat.
The sperm whale can dive to a depth of 1,000 meters.
The sphygmomanometer is an important diagnostic instrument.
The spice containers and condiments should be wiped down after use.
The spice must flow.
The spices used in making speculaas biscuits are cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, ginger and white pepper.
The spider I just killed was massive.
The spider approached the bath mat.
The spider bit Miroslav.
The spider caught a fly.
The spider climbed onto the ceiling where the spiders meeting was taking place.
The spider crawled under the cabinet.
The spider drowned in the swimming pool.
The spider had spun its web around the fly.
The spider hung on a thread and danced.
The spider is a venomous insect.
The spider is black.
The spider is closer to Ziri.
The spider is dead.
The spider is gentle.
The spider is light.
The spider is not dead.
The spider is on the table.
The spider is so proficient that it seems to have completed courses in structural engineering, chemistry, architecture, and information science.
The spider is soft.
The spider is spinning a web.
The spider is still in there.
The spider is tickling me.
The spider isn't doing anything.
The spider likes this.
The spider responds with a swift attack.
The spider scurried across the bathroom floor.
The spider spins its web.
The spider spun a web.
The spider spun her delicate web in the garden.
The spider tickles me.
The spider was approaching Ivan’s neck.
The spider was behind the sun visor.
The spider was black.
The spider was dead.
The spider was huge and ugly.
The spider was staring at Ziri with its tiny eyes.
The spider web glistened in the morning dew.
The spider went up the spout.
The spider wove a web.
The spiders climbed down from the ceiling.
The spiders have a highly toxic, fast-acting venom that can kill a person, with 13 recorded deaths from bites.
The spiders have been spinning their webs behind the cupboard.
The spiders have spun their webs behind the cupboard.
The spiders made webs behind the closet.
The spiders were creeping all over me.
The spiders, named for their funnel-shaped webs, can be aggressive if cornered.
The spies poisoned the count.
The spikes of the heather will come back in a month or two.
The spill has been contained.
The spilled water dried up.
The spin-dryer was to be set to 400.
The spinal column is composed of twenty-four bones.
The spinal cord does not heal.
The spinal cord doesn't heal.
The spindle and the distaff.
The spine is made up of twenty-four bones.
The spinning top skidded across the floor.
The spiny mouse has a prominent snout.
The spiral galaxy NGC 3344 is located about 20 million light-years away.
The spiral galaxy closest to our Milky Way galaxy is Andromeda.
The spiral galaxy closest to our Milky Way galaxy is Andromeda. Andromeda is over 2 million light-years away. Its central bulge and spiral arms are tilted toward us at a 15 degree angle.
The spiral is one of the most common geometrical forms in nature.
The spire can be seen for long distances across the low-lying countryside.
The spire of the cathedral collapsed.
The spirit acted just like Ziri.
The spirit doesn't even have a face.
The spirit entered Martino’s body.
The spirit inside the body is more important than the body.
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
The spirit left Flavio’s body and joined Rima’s.
The spirit left Lorenzo’s body and joined Rima’s.
The spirit of Christmas is about giving and love.
The spirit of Satan reawakens.
The spirit of a language is most clearly expressed in its untranslatable words.
The spirit of creativity ignites sparks of nobility in the soul.
The spirit of giving and kindness that permeates during Christmas is something I truly adore.
The spirit of jihad was ignited once again.
The spirit of liberty had fled, and, avoiding the abodes of civilized man, had sought protection in the wilds of Scythia or Scandinavia.
The spirit of patriotism has its source in the love of the family.
The spirit of the demon reawakens.
The spirit of the treaty was ignored.
The spirit of the victim was trying to lead the cops to his killer.
The spirit of truth and the spirit of freedom â€” these are the pillars of society.
The spirit of truth and the spirit of freedom — these are the pillars of society.
The spirit proceeded to posses Flavio.
The spirit protected Ziri from any beasts prowling the woods.
The spirit started possessing Flavio.
The spirit/ghost is cold.
The spirits can be good or evil and can inhabit inanimate objects.
The spirits dragged Ziri back with them to their realm from which he would never return.
The spirits held Flavio off.
The spirits muddled my brain.
The spirits stopped messing with Kalman.
The spirits wouldn't even bother to try harming Ziri.
The spiritual journey does not consist of arriving at a new destination where a person gains what he did not have, or becomes what he is not. It consists in the dissipation of one's own ignorance concerning one's self and life, and gradual growth of that understanding, which begins a spiritual awakening. The finding of God is coming to one's self.
The spiritual qualities which make up the mind and personality of Tolstoi are the spiritual qualities which make up the new era among men which is being waged so painfully and so uncompromisingly at the present moment on the soil of Russia.
The spirit’s evil is thriving.
The splinter got into the skin.
The splinter is coming out.
The splinter isn't causing any pain.
The splinter lodged itself under my nail.
The splinter was almost invisible.
The splinter was deep under the skin.
The splinter was huge, pretty deep and insanely painful.
The splinter was microscopic.
The splinter was pretty deep.
The splinter was very painful.
The splinter was very small but painful.
The splinter was very small.
The splinter worked itself out after a couple of days.
The spoiled meat had a nasty smell.
The spoiled milk upset my stomach.
The spoken word is the source of all evil.
The spoken word matters.
The spokesman confirmed that the report was true.
The spokesman explained the blueprint of the scheme to the press.
The spokesman explained the contents of the treaty to the press.
The spokesman for the World Health Organization, Iain Simpson, says there is no conclusive evidence linking the animal, the civet cat, to the SARS outbreak.
The spokeswoman for the International Organization for Migration says the migrants are living under very flimsy, open structures.
The sponge absorbed the water.
The sponge soaks up water.
The sponge takes in a lot of water.
The sponsored event raised a lot of money for charity.
The spoon I got was not as shiny as I expected it to be.
The spoon beside the fork is dirty.
The spoon is bent.
The spoon is dirty.
The spoon is made for eating.
The spoon is used for eating.
The spoon that fell on the floor didn't break.
The spoon the dog licked is made of plastic.
The spoon was dipped in poison.
The spoons are in the glass.
The sporks are still in the dishwasher?
The sport also requires a little ingenuity. The things he lifts in competition are a bit unusual, often looking more like debris from a construction site than regulation weights. For instance, one piece of equipment looks like a yoke with a concrete block attached to either end, another, like a large metal log. Therefore Mr. Pfister has to make most of his training equipment himself. The strongman even keeps an old car at his house to practice flipping over heavy objects. He uses these 180 kilo stone balls for a variety of exercises involving lifting and walking.
The sport of Muggle Quidditch is becoming increasingly popular around the world, particularly on university campuses.
The sport of chess is remarkably well organized; in fact, very few sports have such a large international network of players.
The sports car was going so fast it was just a blur as it passed by.
The sports coordinator is Tom Jackson.
The sports ground is next to the school.
The sports news editor sent the results late.
The sports world should, at this time, eliminate the collusion with criminal organizations.
The sportsman pushed himself to the brink.
The spot commanded a fine view of the plains, with the herds and flocks that grazed upon them. The sea, also, and the passing ships were plainly visible, so that the prospect formed no small part of the beauty of the place.
The spot is empty for two years.
The spot is perfect for fly fishing.
The spot repair isn't completely perfect.
The spot was pleasant enough; for the land breeze, blowing strong and full, set the leaves of the palm tree above his head to rattling and clattering continually against the sky, where, the moon then being about full, they shone every now and then like blades of steel.
The spotlight is on.
The spotlights illuminated the path.
The spouses of these women and men don't know anything about this.
The sprat is a small marine fish that lives in numerous schools.
The sprawling buildings of the Institute of American Indian Arts (IAIA) in Santa Fe, New Mexico stand out against the stunning desert landscape of the American Southwest.
The sprawling patch of detritus, known as the Great Pacific Garbage Patch, contains nearly 80,000 tons of plastic, a study released Thursday found.
The sprawling watershed, where the Potomac and several other great rivers merge on their way to the Atlantic Ocean, stretches over 166,000 square kilometers and encompasses six Atlantic coast states and the nation's capital. It nourishes a multitude of marine and terrestrial wildlife. It's the source of fresh drinking water, food and recreation for 17 million people. But in recent decades, rapid population growth, farm chemical runoff and industrial activity have polluted the bay and upset the watershed's delicate ecology.
The spread of Buddhism was a major motivation for the introduction of Chinese characters into Korea.
The spread of Islam can't be stopped.
The spread of information and technology has reduced barriers to opportunities and prosperity.
The spread of television enables us to enjoy the scenery of foreign countries.
The spread of television has considerably deprived us of our time for reading.
The spread of the infection is very dangerous.
The spring from which I draw my water has dried up.
The spring grass has grown.
The spring greenery has appeared.
The spring in my watch is broken.
The spring is by the road.
The spring is murky.
The spring is my favorite season of the year.
The spring is rich in flowers, the autumn in abundant fruits.
The spring of these emotions is the natural body, but it sends pulsations far into the spirit.
The spring season is normally very busy for Iowa real estate broker Georgia Weaver.
The spring sunshine gradually melted the last of the snow.
The spring was now over; the summer had begun and all things were in the height of beauty.
The spring was still young.
The spring will show who shat where.
The spring.
The springtime of life is short.
The sprinkler broke and the gardener had to use the hose again.
The sprinkler is shooting out a stream of water onto the grass.
The sprinklers went off.
The sprinter was slow off the mark and never caught up with the rest.
The sprinting champion is Jamaican.
The spruce is burning.
The spruce is returning.
The spruce returns.
The spruce tree was sitting on the ground.
The spruce was cut.
The spy burned the papers.
The spy had too much vodka and had to throw up.
The spy has made contact with the enemy.
The spy infiltrated the enemy base to gather intelligence on their next target.
The spy looked for weaknesses.
The spy made contact with the enemy.
The spy probed for weaknesses.
The spy sent information by code.
The spy was instructed to leave the country immediately.
The spy was very furtive as he stole the keys from the guard.
The squad leader is Tom Jackson.
The squad was led by the general, who stood firm as the hours passed.
The squadron encountered an ambush and scrambled for coverage.
The squadron was surrounded by enemy forces.
The squalor of the slums is not for the faint hearted.
The squamosal bears an indistinct, gently curved ridge.
The square buzzed with excitement.
The square in front of the museum has a fountain.
The square is deserted.
The square is full of bicycles.
The square is full of bikes.
The square is full of people.
The square is packed with people.
The square is the neighborhood's main venue for cultural events.
The square is twenty square meters.
The square meter is used to indicate the size of a surface area.
The square of 5 is 25.
The square of a real number cannot be negative.
The square of any prime number is a semiprime.
The square of nine is eighty-one.
The square of seven is forty-nine.
The square of the hypotenuse is equal to the sum of the squares of the other two sides.
The square of the length of the hypotenuse of any right triangle is equal to the sum of the squares of the lengths of its base and vertical sides.
The square root of 2 is an irrational number.
The square root of 2 is irrational.
The square root of 2 is not 1.
The square root of 3 is √3 or -√3.
The square root of 49 is 7.
The square root of 609,961 is 781.
The square root of four is two.
The square root of nine is three.
The square root of one hundred forty-four is twelve.
The square root of one is one.
The square root of six hundred and nine thousand nine hundred and sixty-one is seven hundred and eighty-one.
The square root of six hundred nine thousand nine hundred sixty-one is seven hundred eighty-one.
The square roots of 3 are √3 and -√3.
The square was brightly lit.
The square was heaving.
The square was illuminated by bright lights.
The square was seething with people.
The squash is green.
The squash was delicious.
The squeaking door gave the burglar away.
The squeaking of the door gets on my nerves.
The squeaking sound was irritating.
The squeaking was deafening.
The squeaky wheel gets the grease.
The squid ink in arroz negro blackens the rest of the ingredients enough to make the Spanish dish a Goth staple.
The squire observed the whole spectacle with astonishment.
The squirrel advanced against the strong wind.
The squirrel ate all the nuts.
The squirrel ate out of Tom's hand.
The squirrel ate out of her hand.
The squirrel ate out of his hand.
The squirrel ate the hazelnut.
The squirrel ate the hazelnuts.
The squirrel bit him.
The squirrel bit his hand.
The squirrel bit my finger.
The squirrel chewed through the power cable.
The squirrel climbed all the way to the top of the electric pole.
The squirrel climbed all the way to the top of the power pole.
The squirrel climbed all the way to the top of the telegraph pole.
The squirrel climbed all the way to the top of the telephone pole.
The squirrel climbed all the way to the top of the tree.
The squirrel climbed all the way to the top of the utility pole.
The squirrel climbed down the tree.
The squirrel climbed on the rock and craned its neck in every direction.
The squirrel climbed the tree.
The squirrel climbed up the tree.
The squirrel closed its eyes and began to count hazelnuts.
The squirrel coughed into its elbow.
The squirrel curled up into a ball.
The squirrel died instantly.
The squirrel eats hazelnuts.
The squirrel gets into the tree to hide from the hungry owl.
The squirrel hid in Tom's back pocket.
The squirrel is climbing the tree.
The squirrel is eating a nut.
The squirrel is eating pizza.
The squirrel is hibernating.
The squirrel is looking for nuts.
The squirrel is on the roof.
The squirrel is sleeping on top of the tree.
The squirrel is small and cute.
The squirrel is the guardian spirit of our tribe.
The squirrel jumped off a branch.
The squirrel looked as if it was smiling.
The squirrel made a nest in the wood pile.
The squirrel put his acorn helmet on.
The squirrel quickly ran up the tree.
The squirrel that you kill in jest, dies in earnest.
The squirrel was about six feet away from us.
The squirrel was busy gathering nuts.
The squirrel was climbing down the tree.
The squirrel was more than sixty feet away from us.
The squirrel was more than sixty feet away.
The squirrel was more than twenty meters away from us.
The squirrel wore a small mask.
The squirrel wore a tiny mask.
The squirrel, the ape and the monkey, are kept at home for amusement. The dormouse and other larger mice, such as the weevil, the martin, the ferret, trouble the home.
The squirrels are practicing social distancing.
The squirrels are practicing social distancing. They each climb a different tree and stay away from each other.
The squirrels jumped from branch to branch.
The squirrels ran and chased each other.
The squirrels ran up the tree.
The squirrels seemed to be practicing social distancing.
The squirrels stopped making that sound.
The squirrels watching that got in their space ship and left the Earth.
The squirrels were searching for acorns.
The stab wound was within inches of his kidney and lungs.
The stability of Chinese economy is substantially overestimated.
The stable is behind the farm house.
The stable is next to the hotel.
The stable is next to the saloon.
The stable is next to the station.
The stable is right behind the farm house.
The stableboy held the horse's bridle firmly.
The stadium complex also has indoor athletics training facilities.
The stadium is accessible by bus.
The stadium is adjacent to the school.
The stadium is being evacuated.
The stadium still has its bleachers.
The stadium still has its wooden bleachers.
The stadium was filled with people.
The stadium was flooded with baseball fans.
The stadium was overflowing with people.
The stadium was packed with excited spectators.
The stadium was packed.
The stadium was quite still.
The staff are undivided in their desire for a new coffee machine.
The staff at psych wards are still very cruel.
The staff at the company tried to cover up the truth, but soon it came to light.
The staff exchanged frank opinions in the meeting.
The staff exchanged opinions in the meeting.
The staff greeted us with warm smiles.
The staff in that restaurant gave us a very good impression.
The staff in this shop are really friendly. It's no wonder they've got so much custom.
The staff in this shop are really friendly; no wonder they've got so many customers.
The staff is too precise to express something so conceptual, so it is purely demonstrative in nature that it is written like that, which is just one possible chord configuration.
The staff prayed for God's protection, and the attack never happened.
The staff was knowledgeable about the menu.
The staff were fantastic.
The staff were friendly and helpful and the food was delicious.
The staffroom and the sports hall are being renovated.
The stag beetle approached the hornet's nest.
The stag beetle disappeared into the sky.
The stag beetle found a female.
The stag is roaring in the forest.
The stag is roaring.
The stag looked majestic, but the hunter shot it anyway.
The stage coach was held up by several men wearing masks.
The stage he specially prepared was wasted.
The stage was lit from both sides.
The stage was sprinkled with flower petals.
The stagecoach arrived at noon.
The stagecoach was ambushed.
The stages of psychosexual developmentâ€”oral, anal, phallic, latent, and genitalâ€”turn out to be one big Freudian slip, betraying severe anal retention on the part of the taxonomist.
The stages of psychosexual development—oral, anal, phallic, latent, and genital—turn out to be one big Freudian slip, betraying severe anal retention on the part of the taxonomist.
The stain disappeared after we washed the shirt.
The stain of the woman's lipstick remains on the cup.
The stain on the lab coat is due to silver nitrate.
The stain that was removed was still visible on the skirt.
The stain won't come out.
The stained glass painted colorful pictures on the church floor.
The stained glass window in the apartment cast lovely beams of color onto the wood floors.
The stained man took off his cap and replied diffidently.
The stainless steel case gives the watch a sleek and durable finish.
The staircase balustrade was carved from red marble.
The staircase is narrow.
The staircase leading to the rooftop is narrow, steep, and dark.
The staircase led nowhere.
The staircase to the loft doesn't have a handrail. It's not safe.
The staircase to the loft hasn't got a handrail. It's not safe.
The stairs are at the back of the hall.
The stairs are barricaded.
The stairs are completely clean and untouched from what I can tell.
The stairs are crooked and narrow.
The stairs are over there.
The stairs collapsed and he fell.
The stairs creaked.
The stairs have collapsed.
The stairs have up to 22 steps.
The stairs leading into the cellar are made of reinforced concrete.
The stairs led down into the basement.
The stairs smelt horrible.
The stairs were collapsed.
The stairs were rusty.
The stairway leads to the attic.
The stairwell leads into a dark basement.
The stake that sticks out gets hammered down.
The stakeholder most deeply affected by this decision is the chief executive officer.
The stakes are high for this concert.
The stakes are high on his investment.
The stakes are high, and it isn't going to be easy for us to manage the pressure.
The stakes are high.
The stakes are too high to stop telling the truth now.
The stakes are too high.
The stakes couldn't be higher.
The stakes just got a whole lot higher.
The stakes were enormous.
The stakes were high.
The stale pizza has to be thrown out.
The stalemate in the negotiations was broken when one of the parties made an unexpected compromise.
The stalk is a little bigger around than your little finger.
The stalker did not stop bothering us.
The stall was empty.
The stall was locked.
The stallion is gone. Can you help me find him?
The stalls were all occupied.
The stamp came off.
The stamp fell off the envelope.
The standard Australian English accent comes from the South-eastern part of England.
The standard greeting among the members of the Super Secret Silly Stoat Society is 'In the morning, stoats are beautiful', to which the expected response is 'So are they in the moonlight'.
The standard is very high this year.
The standard of debate is infantile.
The standard of living in the West is going down.
The standard of living is relatively high.
The standard of presentations by all competing had been excellent.
The standard pitch A is used as referential pitch for tuning most of all instruments and is set to 440 Hertz.
The standard size of the Go board is 19x19. Other board sizes such as 13x13 or 9x9 are also used, usually by beginners or players who desire shorter games.
The standard working week begins on Monday and ends on Friday.
The standardization of the Berber language in Algeria relies on the linguistic framework provided by the Kabyle dialect.
The standards for admission to this school are very high.
The star Nu, which serves as a pointer to the Great Nebula, is itself worth some attention with a pretty strong glass on account of a pair of small stars near it.
The star actress gave Adriano some advice.
The star and crescent are the symbol of Islam.
The star athlete took a photo with Adriano.
The star athlete trained with Adriano.
The star is moving to the west.
The star is so bright as to be seen with the naked eye.
The star is so bright that it can be seen with the naked eye.
The star of the TV series recommended Adriano for a role in the next season.
The star of the TV show gave Adriano a shout-out on social media.
The star of the ballet company trained with Adriano.
The star of the band played alongside Adriano.
The star of the fashion show asked Adriano to walk the runway with her.
The star of the fashion show wore Adriano's designs.
The star of the film festival gave Adriano a VIP pass.
The star of the game shook Adriano's hand after the match.
The star of the marathon congratulated Adriano on his finish time.
The star of the movie praised Adriano's acting skills.
The star of the movie took a selfie with Adriano.
The star of the museum exhibit was Adriano's sculpture.
The star of the orchestra played alongside Adriano on the piano.
The star of the play invited Adriano to the after-party.
The star of the play was impressed by Adriano's talent.
The star of the reality show invited Adriano for an interview.
The star of the restaurant was the chef, Adriano.
The star of the show praised Adriano's skills on air.
The star of the show thanked Adriano in her speech.
The star of the show was Tom.
The star of the theater company invited Adriano to audition for their next play.
The star quarterback congratulated Adriano on his performance.
The star shines.
The star system Alpha Centauri has a planet called Alpha Centauri Bb.
The star which shines up there is Jupiter.
The star's press conference disappointed the journalists in attendance.
The star's press conference disappointed the journalists present.
The star's press conference disappointed the waiting journalists.
The star-shaped Christmas lights decorated Adriano's tree.
The star-shaped balloons decorated Adriano's birthday party.
The star-shaped cake was the highlight of Adriano's birthday party.
The star-shaped cookies were a hit at Adriano's party.
The star-shaped earrings were a gift from Melissa's best friend.
The star-shaped necklace was a treasured gift from Melissa's grandmother.
The star-shaped pendant was Adriano's favorite accessory.
The star-shaped stickers were Adriano's favorite on his notebook.
The stargazing here is amazing.
The stark contrast between, say, the success of the Republic of Korea and the wasteland of North Korea shows that central, planned control of the economy is a dead end.
The starlet is a little long in the tooth.
The starlet is getting on in years.
The starlet showed up at the premier flanked by two big bodyguards.
The starlet showed up at the premier flanked by two, big bodyguards.
The starlight is so bright, scientists need to find a way to block it to see the planets around it.
The starling has been chosen as Bird of the Year 2018.
The starlit sky was a backdrop to Adriano's romantic proposal.
The starlit sky was breathtaking.
The starry night reminded Adriano of his dreams.
The starry sky shines in the night over an avenue in Petersdorf, eastern Germany, Monday, April 29, 2020.
The stars and moon were gone.
The stars appeared.
The stars are beautiful.
The stars are bright tonight.
The stars are bright.
The stars are coming out.
The stars are glittering above.
The stars are innumerable.
The stars are out tonight.
The stars are out.
The stars are patient guides.
The stars are patient teachers.
The stars are really beautiful tonight.
The stars are shining brightly tonight.
The stars are shining in the night sky.
The stars are shining in the sky.
The stars are shining very brightly in the sky tonight.
The stars are shining.
The stars are so beautiful!
The stars are spread all over the night sky.
The stars are too far away.
The stars are twinkling in the sky.
The stars are witnesses to all things.
The stars awaken a certain reverence, because though always present, they are inaccessible.
The stars blink with quiet wisdom.
The stars blinked down, ancient and wise.
The stars blinked in the silent night.
The stars brighten the shadows.
The stars came out.
The stars come out at night.
The stars covered the sky.
The stars don't lie.
The stars filled the night sky.
The stars filled the sky.
The stars guide her steps.
The stars guide me on my way.
The stars guide our way.
The stars guide the lost.
The stars guide those who listen.
The stars guide those who seek their way.
The stars hold ancient truths.
The stars hold ancient wisdom.
The stars hold the map to forgotten dreams.
The stars in Canis Minor are dimmer than the stars in Canis Major.
The stars in their courses fight against me.
The stars inspire me.
The stars know all things.
The stars light her way.
The stars light paths unseen.
The stars light the way for the bold.
The stars look dim because of the city lights.
The stars look very beautiful tonight.
The stars looked wonderful.
The stars never falter.
The stars never forget.
The stars reflected in the calm water.
The stars remain, unchanging and eternal.
The stars remember everything.
The stars remind us of our fleeting nature.
The stars seem dim because of the city lights.
The stars seem small, but they are large.
The stars seemed closer than ever.
The stars shimmered brightly in the clear night sky.
The stars shine brightly in the night sky.
The stars shine brightly in the vastness of space.
The stars shine for the wise.
The stars shine for those who seek them.
The stars shine for those who seek.
The stars shine in the night sky.
The stars shine like diamonds in the Brazilian night sky.
The stars shone all the time.
The stars shone brighter than usual.
The stars shone cold and bright, while a half-moon bathed the whole scene in a soft, uncertain light.
The stars shone cold and bright.
The stars shone in the sky.
The stars shone the whole time.
The stars sing to the night.
The stars sing to those who listen.
The stars sparkle like diamonds.
The stars tell tales of distant places.
The stars that glitter in my sky also glitter in yours.
The stars twinkle like they're winking at me.
The stars twinkled above her.
The stars twinkled above them.
The stars twinkled over the pointed firs in the hollow.
The stars twinkled.
The stars twinkling in the night sky looked like jewels.
The stars watch over the brave.
The stars watch over the wise.
The stars watch over us.
The stars were beginning to appear.
The stars were brilliant in the clear night sky.
The stars were chased, and blushing rose the day. / Dimly, at distance through the misty shroud / Italia's hills and lowlands we survey, / "Italia," first Achates shouts aloud: / "Italia," echoes from the joyful crowd.
The stars were out in full force tonight.
The stars were shining over the silent fields.
The stars were twinkling brightly overhead.
The stars were twinkling in the sky.
The stars will speak before I do.
The start of the story is interesting.
The start of the story is very unusual.
The start was delayed because of bad weather.
The started a small business from home.
The starting monthly salary for a software developer in Romania is about $2000.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
The startled black-bird chirps complainingly from her perch on the wall.
The startup company Husk Power Systems has designed a system fueled by the husk of rice plants — usually discarded after the rice grains are harvested.
The starving boy was pencil-thin.
The starving dogs tore into the garbage.
The starving man devoured the food.
The state appealed the verdict.
The state auditor's office puts the money in the bank, and the valuables in two big safes in Little Rock.
The state can take your children away if they deem you an unfit mother.
The state chapters of the organization also hold separate conferences at regular intervals.
The state couldn't meet the expectations of its citizens.
The state court effected unconstitutional legislation without the federal government noticing.
The state doesn't solve our problems. The state is the problem.
The state faces a financial crisis.
The state government deprived him of his civil rights.
The state government deprived the civil rights of their citizen.
The state has a monopoly on legitimate violence.
The state has always been involved in processes of this level.
The state has not managed to rise to the expectations of its citizens.
The state has to be a state for everyone.
The state is a racket.
The state is everywhere in Algeria.
The state is going to reform its drug policies.
The state it's me!
The state it's me.
The state lends support to projects in the renewable energy sector.
The state no longer belonged to the Habsburg Empire. The state – no, empire, was all his. His little empire.
The state of Colorado allows the use of marijuana for medical purposes.
The state of Hawai‘i is developing management options to promote coral reef recovery from widespread bleaching events caused by warmer waters that threaten tourism, fisheries, and coastal protection from wind and waves.
The state of Israel is not a big desert where people get around on camels.
The state of New York has banned cat declawing.
The state of Rio de Janeiro has declared a "state of public calamity".
The state of Texas is associated around the world with the image of cowboys mounted on horses herding longhorn cattle, but at least one Texan prefers to mount a different sort of animal when he goes on treks through his state's wilder desert regions.
The state of public health currently leaves much to be desired.
The state of slavery is in its own nature bad.
The state of that pantry horrified Anne, but she wisely said nothing.
The state of the art is the highest level of development, as of a device, technique, or scientific field, achieved at a particular time.
The state oppresses its minorities.
The state oppresses the people.
The state refuses to reopen the case.
The state shouldn't get rid of civil rights, it should protect them!
The state started a “Shot at a Million” lottery late that month.
The state subsidy ensures that I have a stable source of income to cover basic necessities.
The state transportation department said some low-lying roads and underpasses were closed due to high water as a band of heavy rain moved across south Louisiana.
The state troopers headed over there to check things out.
The state will build specially made bridges so that koalas and other wildlife can cross roads while avoiding cars and trucks.
The state's president who is elected by the people has a strong position.
The state-run Investment Corporation of Bangladesh has formally launched a mobile app to provide investors various financial services.
The stated price does not include labor charges.
The statement "Today is the 13th of April" was a lie yesterday, and will be one tomorrow, too.
The statement awakened terror.
The statement from the Chinese Defense Ministry late Monday was in response to an offer extended by the Seychellois government last week.
The statement imported that changes were necessary.
The statement is not wholly true.
The statement must introduce new information.
The statement said, “the FA strongly condemns all forms of discrimination and is appalled by the online racism that has been aimed at some of our England players on social media."
The statement seems to make sense, but under further scrutiny, it falls apart.
The statement sounds improbable.
The statement was not timely.
The statements provided in this article are for informational purposes only.
The states that are banning trans healthcare are also notoriously bad places for women to live and to grow up.
The states that keep the government solvent are the ones where taxpayers contribute more than they get back.
The states were constantly at war.
The statesman and writer is dead.
The statesman barely coped with the intricate issue.
The statesman comes from Arizona.
The statesman is now in full vigor.
The statesman is worthy of respect.
The statesman received us with that old-fashioned courtesy for which he is remarkable.
The statesman seems to be concerned with the affair.
The statesman's death had a great impact on the political world.
The statesman’s death had a great impact on the political world.
The statesmen are barely coping with the intricate foreign affairs.
The state’s government has $34-million plan to protect the beloved animals.
The state’s governor has ordered all non-essential workers to stay home and has told residents to only go out for groceries or the occasional exercise. That leaves people with a lot of free time.
The static continued.
The station began decompressing.
The station commander peered at tiny worms in a microscope and recorded video as they wriggled through a specialized device that measures muscle strength.
The station crew spends their day working on science experiments.
The station had a full-time staff of three.
The station has an international flavor, broadcasting programs in Tigrinya, Spanish, Amharic, Tagalog, and French, as well as programs of Jewish and Irish music.
The station is 100 meters away.
The station is 100 meters from here.
The station is 100 metres away.
The station is 2 kilometers from my house.
The station is a bit far.
The station is a five-minute walk from here.
The station is a hundred metres away.
The station is a little way off.
The station is a ten minute drive from here.
The station is a three-minute walk from here.
The station is about three miles from here.
The station is almost empty during what would normally be the afternoon rush hour.
The station is almost empty during what would normally be the afternoon rush.
The station is behind the square.
The station is being renovated.
The station is between those two cities.
The station is close by.
The station is close, so let's walk.
The station is closed.
The station is dead ahead.
The station is far from here.
The station is five kilometers from here.
The station is in the center of the city.
The station is just ahead.
The station is just up ahead.
The station is located between these two towns.
The station is located on the edge of downtown.
The station is much more crowded than an airport.
The station is near at hand.
The station is near here. You'll be in time for the train.
The station is near here. You’ll be in time for the train.
The station is near the hotel.
The station is near, so let's walk.
The station is nearby.
The station is not far from here.
The station is on the edge of the city centre.
The station is on the right-hand side.
The station is on the right.
The station is pretty far.
The station is really round the corner.
The station is round here.
The station is situated in between the two towns.
The station is ten minutes from here by car.
The station is that way.
The station is the middle of the city.
The station is three kilometers away from here.
The station is three kilometers from here.
The station is three miles away from here.
The station is three miles from here.
The station is to the west of the hotel.
The station is two kilometres away.
The station is two meters away.
The station is two miles away.
The station is under repair.
The station is very close.
The station is well equipped.
The station is west of the hotel.
The station isn't far from here.
The station isn't very far from here.
The station master announces the arrival of the train.
The station operated on a shoestring budget.
The station reentered the atmosphere.
The station replaced cartoons for yet another sports broadcast.
The station was deserted.
The station was empty because it was Sunday.
The station was full of pedestrians.
The station's near the hotel.
The station's not far from here.
The statistical data presented in her paper is of great use for us in estimating the frequency of the movement.
The statistics are in our favor.
The statistics are in our favour.
The statistics are in your favor.
The statistics are shocking.
The statistics contained errors.
The statistics gave ammunition to her argument.
The statistics say otherwise.
The statistics show that our standard of living is high.
The statistics show this.
The statue depicts Diana surrounded by three children.
The statue expresses freedom.
The statue has been lost.
The statue has no head.
The statue in the park is new. It wasn't there last year.
The statue is already present in the stone. You just need to carve away the parts you want to discard.
The statue is carved out of stone.
The statue is dated 1920.
The statue is missing its head.
The statue of Hachiko, the faithful dog, stands in front of Shibuya Station.
The statue of Perun was tossed into the Dnieper.
The statue of the Minute Man commemorates the valiant soldiers who fought in the Revolutionary War.
The statue shows Lincoln with one fist clenched and the other relaxed.
The statue stands on a ten-metre-high plinth.
The statue started crying the day of Gunter’s death.
The statue stood as a remnant of a defunct civilization.
The statue suddenly went missing when John moved here.
The statue was a representation of pure unfiltered evil.
The statue was built in France.
The statue was carved from a block of cherry wood.
The statue was carved from a single block of granite.
The statue was cast in a mold.
The statue was cast in bronze.
The statue was damaged.
The statue was destroyed.
The statue was hewn out of the purest white marble.
The statue was moved to this church.
The statue's head is missing.
The statues in the museum courtyard were slick with rain.
The statues looked really unsettling.
The statues were very human-like.
The statues, carvings, jewelry, and coffins in the exhibit will be familiar to many visitors because of the pervasiveness and popularity of Egyptian iconography.
The status of Western Sahara has to be determined through a self-determination referendum.
The status of a doctor is very high in this community.
The status of the project is as follows.
The status quo goes on.
The status quo is a political agenda.
The statute of limitations for this case has expired.
The statute of limitations has already passed for this crime.
The steady hum of the fans hypnotized him.
The steak at Adriano's is always cooked to perfection.
The steak at Adriano's is always fresh and flavorful.
The steak at Adriano's is always juicy and succulent.
The steak at Adriano's is always perfectly seasoned.
The steak at Adriano's is seasoned to perfection.
The steak at Adriano's is so tender, you can cut it with a fork.
The steak at Adriano's is the best in the city.
The steak at Adriano's place is a cut above the rest.
The steak at Adriano's place is a true carnivore's delight.
The steak at Adriano's place is always fresh and delicious.
The steak at Adriano's place is legendary.
The steak at Adriano's place is worth the wait.
The steak at Adriano's restaurant is a meat lover's paradise.
The steak at Adriano's restaurant is a must-have.
The steak at Adriano's restaurant is a must-try.
The steak at Adriano's restaurant is always consistent.
The steak at Adriano's restaurant is cooked to perfection.
The steak at Adriano's restaurant is the best in town.
The steak at Adriano's restaurant is worth every penny.
The steak at Benedito's restaurant is cooked to perfection.
The steak dinner at Adriano's was a special treat.
The steak dinner at Adriano's was the highlight of my week.
The steak is well done.
The steak was cooked to perfection.
The steak was excellent.
The steak was inadvertently burnt, but nonetheless it tasted spectacular.
The steak was really tough.
The steak was very delicious.
The steak was very good.
The steaks were grilled to perfection.
The steam engine revolutionised the industry.
The steam has caused my glasses to fog up.
The steam has fogged my glasses.
The steam ship has gone out of sight.
The steam shovels dug down three stories on one side and four stories on the other side.
The steam took the most weird shapes, enough to frighten any one.
The steam train abruptly stopped.
The steam train came to a sudden halt.
The steam was scalding.
The steam was scorching.
The steamboat let out a long whistle.
The steamboat sounded a final whistle.
The steamer had sailed away before I could get on it.
The steamer is now out of sight.
The steamer wound in and out among the islands.
The steamroller can only move slowly.
The steamship lines were carrying Americans out of the various ports of the country at the rate of four or five thousand a week in the aggregate.
The steel columns tend to be covered by concrete for reinforcement.
The steel hardens in one second.
The steep path is the sole access to the border.
The steeple of the cathedral of Seville used to be a minaret.
The steering committee met at ten in the morning every Thursday without fail.
The steering wheels on American cars are on the left side.
The stegosaurs were herbivorous, quadrupedal ornithischians with large projecting plates down the back and heavy spikes on their tails.
The stegosaurus escaped.
The stegosaurus is asleep.
The stegosaurus is sleeping now.
The stegosaurus is sleeping.
The stem cells are taken from a patient’s own bone marrow and injected into the hearts of patients with ischemic heart disease and congestive heart failure, repairing damaged cardiac tissue.
The stem is sticky.
The stench became overwhelming.
The stench is awful.
The stench is making me sick.
The stench is overpowering.
The stench is permanent.
The stench is unbearable.
The stench of censorship will spell the end of the oligarchy.
The stench of death became overwhelming.
The stench of rotting flesh overwhelmed us as we entered the room.
The step they took provided at best a temporary solution to the problem.
The step-mother was very cruel to the twins, and beat them, and half-starved them, and constantly drove them out of the house.
The stepmother gave her the meanest work in the house to do; she had to scour the dishes, tables, etc., and to scrub the floors and clean out the bedrooms.
The stepmother sneered at Cinderella.
The stepmother was hard on her.
The steppe ecosystem is a grassland biome that is found in temperate regions around the world.
The steppe has no secret for Vladimir.
The steppe thundered under the horses' hooves.
The steps are simple.
The steps grew louder, and through the fog, as through a curtain, there stepped the man whom we were awaiting.
The steps lead downstairs.
The steps lead upstairs.
The steps led downstairs.
The steps led upstairs.
The steps sounded heavy.
The steps were coming in louder and faster.
The steps were slippery.
The stereotype that women are more sensitive than males isn't always true.
The stern area had also received several hits, increasing the torpedo damage.
The stern is the rearmost part of a ship. The front is called the bow.
The stern of my boat has a cover.
The sternocleidomastoid is used as a landmark for insertion of a central venous catheter.
The stevia was cultivated and used as a sweetener by the Guarani people for at least 1,500 years.
The stew I made was too watery.
The stew is still warm.
The stew isn't ready to eat yet.
The stew must have disagreed with me.
The stew should be warmed up before you eat it.
The stew smells delicious.
The stew tasted even better today than it did yesterday.
The stew tasted even better today than yesterday.
The stew that Tom made last night tasted horrible.
The stew was delicious.
The stew was not half bad.
The stew we ate last week tasted better than this.
The stewardess asked if there was a doctor on the flight.
The stewardess can speak French after a fashion.
The stewardess handed Tom a drink.
The stewards were citizens.
The stick didn't help him any.
The stick didn’t help him any.
The stick is for those who disobey.
The stick is sticky.
The stickers don't stick.
The stickers on the bottom of my laptop have worn away.
The stickiness of the lizards' feet is legendary, giving them a unique and mysterious way of defying gravity.
The sticks were laid across each other.
The stigma surrounding abuse is harmful.
The stigma, the top of the flower’s female reproductive part, is covered in a sticky substance that catches and traps the pollen grains.
The stillness of the desert overwhelmed me.
The stimulus package was heavily criticised.
The stink bug can hide in wine grape clusters and then taint the juice when the grapes are crushed.
The stink from the garbage was overwhelming.
The stinkhorn has a slimy conical cap.
The stipulated time for the duration of a chess game can be several hours or a few minutes.
The stir of players fighting for the ball was quite a sight.
The stirrup is a bone in the middle ear, between the anvil and the inner ear.
The stirrup rests on the oval window of the inner ear.
The stitches on the blanket have unraveled.
The stoat is the cutest animal ever.
The stock collapsed overnight.
The stock exchange has been chalking up extraordinary numbers.
The stock exchange is in the red.
The stock fell suddenly and unexpectedly.
The stock got creamed when they got wind of the dilution.
The stock has gone down over night.
The stock has gone down overnight.
The stock market collapsed in 1929.
The stock market collapsed.
The stock market crash forced many retirees back into the job market.
The stock market crash of October 1987 in New York is still vividly remembered.
The stock market declines were bigger than I expected.
The stock market fell yesterday.
The stock market has crashed.
The stock market has dropped today.
The stock market has reached a new low.
The stock market is a wonderfully efficient mechanism for transferring wealth from the impatient to the patient.
The stock market is in a prolonged slump.
The stock market is insane.
The stock market is often called a dangerous one.
The stock market is severely depressed.
The stock market is up.
The stock market is very active.
The stock market tumbled.
The stock market was surprisingly quiet today.
The stock market went down.
The stock market went up.
The stock price index soared to an all-time high.
The stock price index was off 200 points yesterday.
The stock prices are at an all-time low and this fact casts doubt on the existence of true competition among pharmaceutical companies.
The stock prices are on the low side today.
The stock ran out.
The stock reached its high point last July.
The stock they sold buyers was a lemon.
The stock tumbled overnight.
The stockbreeder makes butter with the milk of his cows.
The stockholders are making money hand over fist.
The stockings were hung by the chimney with care, In hopes that St. Nicholas soon would be there.
The stocks fell in value overnight.
The stocks went down overnight.
The stocky 12 year old boy with the dark but sparkly eyes flashes a grin of protruding pearlescent incisors.
The stolen car was found in the parking lot.
The stolen jewels must be recovered at any cost.
The stolen money has been found.
The stolen money hasn't been recovered.
The stolen money was eventually returned.
The stolen vehicle was found in a car park.
The stomach accepts all kinds of food, but some foods are better than others.
The stomach ache has gone away.
The stomach and the large and small intestines form the digestive system.
The stomach connects to the small intestine.
The stomach is one of the internal organs.
The stomach of a kangaroo only has two chambers.
The stomach pains are gone.
The stomach pains are unbearable.
The stomach pains went away.
The stomping became much louder.
The stone age is a period that encompasses most of human history.
The stone carver meticulously carved intricate patterns on the monument.
The stone fortress was destroyed.
The stone has a soul since it moves iron.
The stone is heavy.
The stone is perfectly smooth.
The stone is too heavy for me to lift.
The stone sepulchre was decorated with fresh flowers and candles.
The stone shattered under the hammer blow.
The stone shines in the water.
The stone started glowing once again.
The stone started ripples in the pond.
The stone tablet says, "May Buddha bless all beings," both in sinograms and in a Western language.
The stone was carved into a large statue.
The stone was glowing.
The stone was inscribed with the date of his death.
The stone was so big that the glass shattered.
The stone was so heavy that nobody could lift it.
The stones are white.
The stones came together in lines, like beads.
The stones got out of control and began to move on their own.
The stonework is starting to crumble.
The stony beach was painful to walk on.
The stop is located right around the corner.
The stopcock's turned off.
The stopcock’s turned off.
The stopping distance for an average car travelling 80km/h is 53m.
The storage unit started on fire.
The store I bought this at sells it for the same price, but has better service.
The store also opens at night.
The store around the corner sells Delta-8.
The store can supply us with anything we need.
The store carries earthenware.
The store changed hands at the end of last summer.
The store changed hands several times.
The store clerk said my computer was not ready yet.
The store closed down for good.
The store closes at eleven.
The store closes at seven.
The store deals in vegetables.
The store did a dry run in order to better prepare for opening day.
The store didn't take cards, but at least they had a cash machine on site.
The store doesn't close.
The store doesn't open on Saturday.
The store had many interesting pictures.
The store happened to be crowded last night.
The store happened to be crowded yesterday.
The store has a large stock of wines.
The store has been liquidated. It's closed for good.
The store has enough shoes on hand to supply any normal demand.
The store has numerous items to sell.
The store has over 50,000 movies, both on VHS tape and DVD.
The store is across the street.
The store is advertising a sale.
The store is almost empty.
The store is already closed.
The store is also open at night.
The store is around the corner.
The store is choked with customers.
The store is close to my house.
The store is closed Mondays.
The store is closed for good. It's been liquidated.
The store is closed on Mondays.
The store is closed on Sundays.
The store is closed until further notice.
The store is closed.
The store is closing at 7.
The store is closing soon and is offering everything at half price.
The store is having a sale on summer goods.
The store is having a sale today - buy one, get one free!
The store is jam-packed.
The store is just across from my house.
The store is just across from the theater.
The store is making a mark.
The store is not open on Thursdays.
The store is not open today.
The store is notorious for charging high prices.
The store is only forty yards away.
The store is open 24 hours.
The store is open all the year round.
The store is open from nine to six.
The store is open twenty-four hours a day.
The store is open.
The store is right in the middle of the city.
The store is so full of people.
The store is such that one can't even enter.
The store is well stocked.
The store isn't closed.
The store lost its trade to the supermarket.
The store manager gave me these shoes for free because they had a small defect.
The store might be closed already.
The store needs more clerks to wait on customers.
The store offered special discounts during the summer.
The store offers an array of fresh produce.
The store offers special discounts during the summer.
The store on the corner might sell what you're looking for.
The store opened at eight.
The store opens at 9 a.m.
The store opens at ten o'clock.
The store opens for business tomorrow.
The store owner gave me a discount.
The store raised all the prices.
The store ran out of toilet paper.
The store sells foodstuffs, such as butter, cheese, and sugar.
The store sells fruit and vegetables.
The store sells fruits and vegetables.
The store sells many items to spruce up a home, but it also sells a wide variety of hardware items, tools and farm supplies.
The store sells newspapers and magazines.
The store sells trinkets and haberdashery.
The store sells two kinds of pies: one with meat filling and one with cheese filling.
The store shelves are empty.
The store that I always go to has Calbee potato chips on sale for 98 yen a bag. My favorite flavor is lightly salted. As a matter of fact, the ingredients for this particular flavor changes from time to time. Today's chips are chemical-free, made with natural salt. Fitting for someone like me.
The store that offered Tom a job is located a few miles south of Boston.
The store that you're talking about is located on Park Street.
The store was almost empty.
The store was already closed when I got there.
The store was closed by the time I got there.
The store was closed on Sundays.
The store was closed.
The store was crowded with holiday shoppers.
The store was crowded.
The store was empty.
The store was immediately closed.
The store was inspected by a hygienist.
The store was jammed with customers.
The store was just off the street.
The store was not a big one, was it?
The store was pretty empty at the time.
The store was really crowded.
The store was relatively empty.
The store was so crowded that Tom and Mary lost sight of each other.
The store was so crowded that they lost sight of each other.
The store was very crowded.
The store wasn't open yet.
The store wasn't very crowded.
The store where I bought the book that I sent to Tom is on Park Street.
The store where I work isn't open on Mondays.
The store where Tom and Mary were working recently closed.
The store where Tom used to work closed in 2013.
The store where Tom was working recently closed.
The store where Tom works is about thirty miles south of Boston.
The store where Tom works is going out of business.
The store where we used to buy those started charging outrageous prices, so we had to find another store.
The store where you buy groceries is called a grocery store.
The store will be closed by the end of the week.
The store will be closed tomorrow.
The store will close at five.
The store will close soon.
The store you're talking about is located on Park Street.
The store's closed.
The store's opening was yesterday.
The storefront doesn't look good, but the food was actually surprisingly delicious.
The storekeeper was silent for so long, staring straight ahead of him at the stove, that the girls thought they, also, had been forgotten. Then suddenly he looked up and smiled toothlessly at Mary, nodding his grizzly head many times before he spoke.
The storekeeper, Tom Jackson, is a querulous man.
The stores are closed on Sunday.
The stores are closed today.
The stores are closed!
The stores are open.
The stores open at nine.
The stores were alive with people the Saturday before Christmas.
The stores were closed due to the strike.
The stories in the Bible might be seen as interesting legends by Asians, but they are taken very seriously in the West.
The stories in the book are written for her.
The stories in this book are not meant to be normative; they represent a small sampling of the myriad unique experiences that exist.
The stories in this book are really scary.
The stories in this book are scary.
The stories of famous women who had the courage to recognize their problem serve as examples of a struggle with alcoholism.
The stories that Mary would always tell her kids before bed positively impacted their linguistic development.
The stories that Tom tells are interesting.
The stories that Tom told us were interesting.
The stories that circulated about the old graveyard were contradictory, but nevertheless made your heart freeze.
The stories which you will read in this book deal with some of the many problems which face young people.
The stories written by Amy Church are all interesting.
The stork delivers the baby to its cradle.
The stork is a wading bird.
The stork nests on the roof.
The stork started to clatter.
The stork was flying above the city.
The storks' nest was empty, but apples still hung from the wild apple tree, although the leaves had already fallen.
The storm abated.
The storm also squelched months of excitement and preparation for the biggest event planned in a long time.
The storm became even more violent.
The storm began dying down.
The storm began letting up.
The storm blew and howled as if it were singing old songs.
The storm blew down a tree.
The storm blew for two days.
The storm blew up.
The storm broke.
The storm brought about a lot of damage.
The storm brought about much damage.
The storm brought heavy losses.
The storm caused a great deal of damage.
The storm caused a huge amount of damage.
The storm caused a lot of damage to the crop.
The storm caused a lot of damage.
The storm caused a power cut.
The storm caused a power outage.
The storm caused great damage to the city.
The storm caused much damage to the crop.
The storm caused power outages.
The storm caused terrible damage.
The storm clouds are very gloomy.
The storm clouds obscured my glimpse of the full moon.
The storm continued.
The storm could bring up to 30 centimeters of rain to some parts of Louisiana and Texas.
The storm could've been worse.
The storm damaged Gabor's treehouse.
The storm damaged many houses.
The storm damaged many trees.
The storm damaged many windows.
The storm damaged several sections of the wooden pier.
The storm destroyed Kalman's treehouse.
The storm destroyed most of our crops.
The storm destroyed the whole town.
The storm developed into a typhoon.
The storm did a lot of damage to the crops.
The storm did a lot of damage.
The storm did a lot of harm to the crops.
The storm did great damage to her property.
The storm did great harm to the crop.
The storm did heavy damage to the crops.
The storm didn't abate for several hours.
The storm didn't cause any damage.
The storm didn't last long.
The storm didn't let up for two days.
The storm didn’t abate for several hours.
The storm eventually blew through.
The storm finally passed.
The storm frightened Tom.
The storm had a bad impact on the crops.
The storm had a serious effect on the economy.
The storm had caused considerable damage to public and private property.
The storm had cleared the air: the rain had ceased; and though it was unpleasant walking over the soppy ground, the march was much cooler than it had been earlier in the day.
The storm had increased, and the snow was driving in wild gusts through the streets.
The storm has already stopped.
The storm has been raging for three days.
The storm has broken the line.
The storm has brought heavy snow to Scotland.
The storm has calmed down.
The storm has caused terrible damage.
The storm has destroyed a lot.
The storm has died down.
The storm has done no harm.
The storm has gradually abated.
The storm has passed.
The storm has washed up a lot of driftwood on the beach again.
The storm having passed, they emerged.
The storm hindered us from searching for the missing child.
The storm hit early Monday morning.
The storm hit on April 4.
The storm is abating.
The storm is coming our way.
The storm is coming soon.
The storm is dangerous.
The storm is gathering in intensity.
The storm is getting louder.
The storm is getting worse.
The storm is likely to bring catastrophic winds, life-threatening storm surges and torrential rainfall to Central America.
The storm is not expected to die down until nightfall.
The storm is over.
The storm is really getting worse.
The storm is safe.
The storm is starting to abate.
The storm is upsetting our radio.
The storm kept us from searching for the missing child.
The storm knocked out power.
The storm laid the village flat.
The storm last night led to flooding.
The storm lasted longer than predicted.
The storm lasted several days.
