Allow me to kiss you again.
Allow me to know in advance when you are coming up to Tokyo.
Allow me to make a few suggestions.
Allow me to make a small digression.
Allow me to make dinner tonight.
Allow me to offer you a toast.
Allow me to open the door for you.
Allow me to pay for the meal.
Allow me to present to you my sister.
Allow me to properly introduce myself first.
Allow me to propose a toast.
Allow me to prove my worth.
Allow me to replace it.
Allow me to show you to your room.
Allow me to stay here with you for a while.
Allow me to tell you that you've made a mistake.
Allow me!
Allow one hour to reach the airport.
Allow the water to run, come on!
Allow them to say I'm evil.
Allow three weeks for delivery.
Allow time to time.
Allow us to describe our products and our business operations.
Allow us to do our job.
Allow us to take just a few minutes of your time.
Allow your imagination to be infinitely free.
Allow yourself to make mistakes.
Allowing all speech just leads to a cesspit of hate.
Allowing children to socially transition isn't child abuse, but not vaccinating them against measles is.
Allowing newborns to be born is the most cruel thing that all humanity has ever done.
Allowing robots to take their own decisions can be dangerous, because they can turn against their owner.
Ally loves playing with her twin sister Anne.
All’s clear, Boss!
All’s fair in love and war.
All’s fish that comes to the net.
All’s grist that comes to his mill.
All’s well that ends well.
Almaty is my favorite city!
Almonds are four thousand dinars a kilo and it's not negotiable.
Almonds are sold shelled or unshelled.
Almonds grow on almond trees.
Almost 20 meters (about 60 feet) tall and more than 4 meters (14 feet) in diameter when fully assembled, the magnet is a crucial component in the attempt by 35 nations to master nuclear fusion.
Almost 60% of illiterate youth are female.
Almost 70% of law school graduates in 2016 left with student debt, according to the National Center for Education Statistics.
Almost 8 percent of non-student millennials rely on financial help from family to cover their rents, according to the study.
Almost a century ago, this small, voracious beetle migrated north from Central America, eating its way through U.S. cotton fields.
Almost a third of the gunshot victims were teenagers.
Almost a year has passed since that happened.
Almost all Algerians can agree they love soccer.
Almost all Algerians identify themselves as Muslim.
Almost all American presidents have faced a crisis while in office, whether it’s a political scandal, natural disaster, economic calamity or terrorism.
Almost all American presidents have faced a crisis while in office.
Almost all American series of last year were written by homosexuals.
Almost all German universities are public.
Almost all Japanese boys like to play baseball.
Almost all Japanese kids like playing basketball.
Almost all Kabyles are Muslim.
Almost all Kabyles are Muslims.
Almost all approve of his actions.
Almost all boys can play baseball.
Almost all dogs are alive.
Almost all education is character formation.
Almost all girls are kind.
Almost all humans wear clothes.
Almost all implementations of virtual memory divide the virtual address space of an application program into pages; a page is a block of contiguous virtual memory addresses.
Almost all languages have dialects.
Almost all life on Earth depends on food produced by organisms that photosynthesize.
Almost all luxury buildings of Saint Petersburg are located near the famous Nevsky Avenue.
Almost all men hate something, but I am very good at being patient.
Almost all my records were imported from Germany.
Almost all mythologies feature some type of god or solar entity.
Almost all objects around us in our daily lives, although they may be manufactured not far from where we live, have their origins in civilizations from all around the world and from many different eras of time.
Almost all of Algeria's exports are crude oil.
Almost all of Algeria's necessities have to be imported.
Almost all of Atlanta was destroyed.
Almost all of La Fontaine's fables teach us moral lessons that are still relevant today.
Almost all of La Fontaine's fables teach us moral lessons that are still valuable today.
Almost all of Mary's ex-husbands still talk to her.
Almost all of Rome's famous piazzas have fountains.
Almost all of Tom's ex-girlfriends live in Boston.
Almost all of Tom's ex-wives are friends with Mary.
Almost all of Tom's ex-wives still talk to him.
Almost all of Tom's free time is spent on a golf course.
Almost all of Tom's friends are famous.
Almost all of Tom's money goes to supporting his family.
Almost all of Tom’s ex-wives still talk to him.
Almost all of Tom’s free time is spent on a golf course.
Almost all of Tom’s friends are famous.
Almost all of Tom’s money goes to supporting his family.
Almost all of his predictions were wrong.
Almost all of my classmates can speak French.
Almost all of my neighbors are nice.
Almost all of our employees are young.
Almost all of the dogs are alive.
Almost all of the money is for the house.
Almost all of the passenger in the bus were asleep when the accident happened.
Almost all of the passengers on the bus were asleep when the accident happened.
Almost all of the pupils were in the classroom.
Almost all of the reviews of the play were favorable.
Almost all of the staff left.
Almost all of the students in Mr. Jackson's class are Canadians.
Almost all of them arrived on time.
Almost all of them have gone.
Almost all of them have left.
Almost all of them were Muslim.
Almost all of them were delayed.
Almost all of these apples are rotten.
Almost all of us can speak French.
Almost all of what Tom said was true.
Almost all parents see to the education of their children.
Almost all patients require corrective eyewear after cataract surgery.
Almost all provincial and district governors are on our side.
Almost all real numbers are indescribable.
Almost all researchers agree that dogs descended from wolves.
Almost all societies now have a money economy based on coins and paper bills of one kind or another.
Almost all the American TV series of the last few years were written by homosexuals.
Almost all the buses are empty.
Almost all the country's essential services have been privatised.
Almost all the doors were closed.
Almost all the girls here are kind.
Almost all the languages of the Soviet Union were forced to shift to the Cyrillic script.
Almost all the leaves fell off the tree.
Almost all the leaves have fallen.
Almost all the leaves went off the tree.
Almost all the men in this room are straight and I'm one of them.
Almost all the old men in our village have long beards.
Almost all the passengers on the bus were asleep when the accident happened.
Almost all the people sat at desks.
Almost all the phlegm was removed by coughing alone.
Almost all the prisoners were alive.
Almost all the pupils were in the classroom.
Almost all the students believed the rumor.
Almost all the students enjoy their school life.
Almost all the students know about it.
Almost all the students like English.
Almost all the work is done now.
Almost all the workers objected to working at night.
Almost all the world condemns Hosni Mubarak because he made the Egyptian people poor.
Almost all these apples are rotten.
Almost all workers refused to work during the night.
Almost all young children are afraid of the dark.
Almost always.
Almost any dog can be housebroken.
Almost any dog can be trained.
Almost anyone can be a good singer if they have a good teacher.
Almost anything can be expressed in this language.
Almost every Algerian family has a computer at home.
Almost every European country has abolished the death penalty.
Almost every Jewish male of the World War II generation in America fought in World War II.
Almost every day he goes to the river and fishes.
Almost every day, before going home, he would stop by to say hello.
Almost every day, people lose their lives on highway A2.
Almost every male of the World War II generation in many countries fought in World War II.
Almost every night clouds develop over the ocean and move inland.
Almost every person in this country is bilingual.
Almost every student failed the exam.
Almost every time I see Tom, he's wearing headphones.
Almost every tourist carries a camera with him.
Almost every woman had gone to the temple.
Almost everybody I know can speak French.
Almost everybody I know has been to Australia at least once.
Almost everybody I know has been to Australia.
Almost everybody I know has been to Boston at least once.
Almost everybody I know has been to Boston.
Almost everybody appreciates good food.
Almost everybody does that.
Almost everybody else will say no.
Almost everybody got here on time.
Almost everybody has a mobile phone in Algeria.
Almost everybody has already gone home.
Almost everybody here can speak French.
Almost everybody here can understand French.
Almost everybody here knows French.
Almost everybody here speaks French.
Almost everybody in this room is taller than I am.
Almost everybody in this room is taller than me.
Almost everybody looked busy.
Almost everybody that I know can speak French.
Almost everybody there thought it was a good idea.
Almost everybody was invited.
Almost everyone I know can speak French.
Almost everyone I know has a bicycle.
Almost everyone I know has been to Australia at least once.
Almost everyone I know has been to Australia.
Almost everyone I know has been to Boston at least once.
Almost everyone I know has been to Boston.
Almost everyone I know knows how to swim.
Almost everyone I know wants to go to tomorrow's concert.
Almost everyone I know wears contacts.
Almost everyone I know will be there.
Almost everyone arrived on time.
Almost everyone believed the rumor.
Almost everyone came.
Almost everyone considers leaches to be disgusting animals, but I find them fascinating.
Almost everyone does it this way.
Almost everyone does it.
Almost everyone does that that way.
Almost everyone does that.
Almost everyone expected Tom to win.
Almost everyone failed.
Almost everyone flunked.
Almost everyone gossips.
Almost everyone got here on time.
Almost everyone got off the train at the next station.
Almost everyone has already gone home.
Almost everyone has already left.
Almost everyone has failed.
Almost everyone has gone.
Almost everyone has left.
Almost everyone here can speak French.
Almost everyone here can understand French.
Almost everyone here knows French.
Almost everyone here speaks French.
Almost everyone in our village is related to one another.
Almost everyone in the class voted in favor of having a thank-you party for the teachers.
Almost everyone in this room is taller than I am.
Almost everyone in this room is taller than me.
Almost everyone is busy today.
Almost everyone left.
Almost everyone participated.
Almost everyone speaks French.
Almost everyone that I know can speak French.
Almost everyone there thought it was a good idea.
Almost everyone was bald.
Almost everyone was dead.
Almost everyone was happy.
Almost everyone was late.
Almost everyone was prepping themselves for the final exam.
Almost everyone went.
Almost everything I buy is sugar-free.
Almost everything has become better.
Almost everything has been improved.
Almost everything has got better.
Almost everything has gotten better.
Almost everything has improved.
Almost everything is as it was in the old days.
Almost everything is easier to start than to finish.
Almost everything that could go wrong did.
Almost everything that is great has been done by youth.
Almost everything that you can see in his house are things that he found at the local dump.
Almost everything that you do will be insignificant, but it's important that you do it.
Almost everything went wrong.
Almost everything you do will seem insignificant, but it is important that you do it.
Almost everything you order online has a shipping and handling fee.
Almost five centuries as a Portuguese colony came to a close with independence in 1975.
Almost half of Kuala Lumpur's inhabitants are Muslim.
Almost half of pregnancies in the United States are unplanned.
Almost half of the students did not manage to pass the exam.
Almost half of this city's inhabitants are Muslim.
Almost half the men in Great Britain regularly give chocolate to their partner, especially for their birthday.
Almost home...
Almost immediately, investigators noticed anomalies.
Almost involuntarily she took a step forward, but her foot slipped, she tottered and fell. Fortunately the stones near the path were overgrown with moss, but still the fall nearly stunned her, and she cried wildly for help. In vain! her voice could not reach Clement, who stood close to the abyss, surrounded by the roarings of the fall, and the house was far too distant. A bitter pain shot through her heart as she lay there between the stones, neglected and helpless.
Almost my whole class is going to Algiers.
Almost no energy is saved.
Almost no girls do that.
Almost no girls play video games.
Almost no one believed her.
Almost no one believed him.
Almost no one believed it was possible to grow a garden in these places.
Almost no one believes her.
Almost no one goes to the same classes.
Almost no one got there on time.
Almost no one knows that we're brothers.
Almost no one knows that we're sisters.
Almost no one knows we are sisters.
Almost no one knows we're brothers.
Almost no one knows we're sisters.
Almost no one knows what happened at school.
Almost no one likes how their voice sounds.
Almost no one lives there.
Almost no one noticed that she hadn't come to the party.
Almost no one noticed that she wasn't at the party.
Almost no one showed up at my new club's first meeting. But I'm not worried, since it'll all work out somehow.
Almost no one thinks that we are sisters.
Almost no one uses classical Nahuatl here.
Almost no one uses classical nahuatl here anymore.
Almost no one wants to spend all day hanging out with psychopaths.
Almost no one was here that day.
Almost no students get full marks in Chinese classics.
Almost nobody got there on time.
Almost nobody is unemployed now.
Almost nobody knows that.
Almost nobody knows this.
Almost nobody lives in Antarctica.
Almost nobody thinks we are sisters.
Almost nobody thinks we're sisters.
Almost one-third of all office workers wear glasses.
Almost one-third of all office workers wear spectacles.
Almost opposite is the park after which the metro station is named.
Almost opposite is the park after which the tube station is named.
Almost opposite is the park after which the underground station is named.
Almost ready.
Almost sixty-nine million people voted.
Almost stepped on a gecko while going to the metro.
Almost the only time a fat man loses his temper is when he has been deprived of his food.
Almost there.
Almost three thousand people died.
Almost three.
Almost two weeks went by before John recovered from his illness.
Almost two-thirds of the island has been declared a national park.
Almost.
Aloe vera is a common plant to put on sunburns.
Alofi is the capital of Niue, and its population is about 580 people.
Alofi is the capital of Niue.
Alone against everybody.
Alone among the youngsters, the skewbald foal showed what his coat would be like when he was full grown.
Alone in the big city, I began to get homesick.
Alone in this world I'll be.
Alone in this world I’ll be.
Alone is boring.
Alone on a Friday night? God, you’re pathetic.
Alone we fall, but together we win.
Alone, he did the work of ten men.
Alone, my mind races in dark directions.
Alone, you can't do anything.
Aloneness is not quite the same as loneliness.
Along comes the grandmother and sees her granddaughter.
Along the way will be fine. It's a complicated matter.
Along the way will be fine. It’s a complicated matter.
Along the way, he stopped to make speeches.
Along the whole length of the pew hymnals are placed at regular intervals.
Along there.
Along with Tokyo, Osaka is a center of commerce.
Along with Tom, their last hope was gone.
Along with dust around the home, we breathe in waste from these creatures. Mite droppings contain enzymes called proteases. Enzymes produce chemical reactions in the body. Proteases can cause allergic reactions like breathlessness, coughing or severe asthma attacks.
Along with his children he fled the country.
Along with his concentration in operations research and financial engineering, Johnson is also pursuing several certificates in applied and computational mathematics, statistics and machine learning, and applications of computing.
Along with iron, which gives it the pretty red color, the sea is being filled with sodium hydroxide (NaOH), aluminum (Al), titanium (Ti), chromium (cr), cadmium (Cd), mercury (Hg), arsenic (As) and other heavy metals that are hazardous to the health, which is having a big effect on the flora and fauna.
Along with its plant and animal life, the park is also rich in cultural history. Archaeological records of humans in the area go back about 10,000 years, beginning with the prehistoric Paleo-Indians.
Along with many other emigrants he booked passage on the riverboat Denver at Kansas City and disembarked on the river's western bank at Nebraska City, Nebraska.
Along with the Elbe, the Danube and Vltava rivers have overflowed after a week of heavy rains, causing extensive damage in the Czech Republic, Austria, Slovakia, Hungary and Poland.
Along with the cold weather, the feast of novels is coming.
Along with the plants, animal life, too, was developing in harmony with the strict requirements of the land.
Along with this increase, there has been a change in the world's economic organization.
Along with this increase, there has been a change in the world’s economic organization.
Along with thousands of other soldiers, Tom's great grandfather died of botulism during the Spanish-American War because the US government fed improperly canned potted meat to its soldiers.
Along with thousands of others, he fled the country.
Along with well known works, the company introduced such rarely performed operas as Rimsky-Korsakov’s The Legend of Invisible City of Kitezh and Betrothal in a Monastery.
Alongside cephalopods like the octopus and the cuttlefish, seahorses are some of the most fascinating animals in the ocean.
Alongside the Olympic games and the coronavirus outbreak, it looks like summer 2021 in Japan will be "fierce summer" in more than one way.
Alongside the zoo is a botanical garden centre.
Alopecia is also known as hair loss.
Alopecia is often hereditary.
Alpacas are extremely friendly and sociable.
Alpacas are extremely friendly.
Alpacas are herd animals.
Alpacas are known for their wool.
Alpacas, llamas, vicunas and camels are all related.
Alpacas, llamas, vicunas and camels are camelids.
Alpacas—large, wooly animals related to camels and llamas—are normally found in the Andean region of South America.
Alpert, a retired social worker, also meets virtually with her book club and refugee support organizations she is affiliated with.
Alpha Centauri A is the same spectral type as, and similar in size to the Sun.
Alpha Centauri AB is also named Rigil Kentaurus, which means "foot of the centaur" in Arabic.
Alpha Centauri B is the sun of the planet Alpha Centauri Bb.
Alpha Centauri is a system of three stars. We don't know yet whether it has planets.
Alpha Centauri is about 4.37 light years away from our sun.
Alpha is the first letter of the Greek alphabet.
Alpha particles carry a positive charge.
Alpha, beta and gamma are Greek letters.
AlphaZero is a chess player that developed its creative style solely by playing games against itself.
AlphaZero is a totally new kind of chess computer created by British artificial intelligence (AI) company Deep Mind.
AlphaZero is very particular about its openings – it only plays the best of the best, and how it approaches them has led to new advancements in opening theory.
Alphabetic script on signs on streets and buildings is just boring, some think.
Alphabetically, please.
Alphabetize this list of names.
Alphabetize this list.
Alphanumeric passwords are not secure.
Alphonse looked at the racing clouds, his eyes turned to the sky.
Alphonso is the king of mangoes.
Alpine flowers are abundant there.
Alpine plants are adapted to harsh conditions such as poor nutritional soil, winds, ultraviolet radiation, and low temperatures.
Alpine tundra is a biome or natural region at high elevation which does not contain trees.
Already 109 states have recognized the independence of Kosovo.
Already a few loiterers had begun to collect in the street.
Already as a child, he really liked to sing.
Already eaten?
Already endangered by overfishing and disease, the authors of a new study say oysters are becoming smaller and less robust as greenhouse gases alter the acidity of water in estuaries and ecosystems where they live.
Already fatigued, an ass sweats under the weight of heavy sacks of grain.
Already he had forgotten the harsh attacks on him by the Volapükists. He spoke only of the great work of his forerunner. He asked the congress to honour his name.
Already he was aware of it.
Already many buildings are now being built earthquake resistant.
Already the entire army was marching in the open field, with their nourished squadrons and wearing rich multicolored uniforms.
Already three years since I became an office lady. It's not as if I'm dissatisfied with my present lifestyle but, well ...
Already three years since I became an office lady. It’s not as if I’m dissatisfied with my present lifestyle but, well ...
Already two weeks went by and I have not seen you.
Already, or not yet?
Already?!
Alright already!
Alright!
Alright! I won!
Alright! I'm waiting for you in the restaurant.
Alright! Listen up and listen well!
Alright! Ten yuan buys five kilos, OK?
Alright! They're all mopped up!
Alright! They’re all mopped up!
Alright, I know what I was supposed to do now.
Alright, I'll do my best.
Alright, I'll wait another two hours.
Alright, I'm glad to hear that!
Alright, I'm going for a wee.
Alright, I've had enough of this!
Alright, I've read enough about Homo heidelbergensis for now.
Alright, OK.
Alright, Sir. That will pretty much do it.
Alright, Tom, I get it!
Alright, alright! Cheer up!
Alright, alright, I was just careless and that's that.
Alright, don't be long.
Alright, dude.
Alright, go and tell the guard that I am remitting his punishment.
Alright, guys, let's do this!
Alright, here we go!
Alright, let's go!
Alright, let's go.
Alright, let's hit the road.
Alright, let's meet in a bit.
Alright, let's settle on that one!
Alright, let's try to do this.
Alright, mom, I get it!
Alright, see you then.
Alright, start explaining.
Alright, that's enough.
Alright, that's good to hear!
Alright, then I'll have this one.
Alright, we continue!
Alright, you can have my bed.
Alright, you two, that's enough!
Alright, you two, that's enough.
Alright.
Alright. I give up.
Alright. Let's see what we can do.
Alright. What should we sing?
Alrighty kids! So for this art project, all of you guys will split into groups of 3 - 5 people.
Alsace is a very beautiful province of France.
Alsace is the smallest administrative region.
Alsatians tend to be loyal.
Also Felicja has blonde straight hair.
Also Piotr and Lech are good friends.
Also Sunday, Bulgarian tennis star Grigor Dimitrov announced he is ill with the coronavirus, the highest-profile tennis player to come down with the disease so far.
Also Tom doesn't love Mary anymore.
Also Tuesday, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration recommended people who have had potential exposure to Zika put off donating blood for at least four weeks. They include people who show any symptoms of Zika, anyone who has traveled to a Zika-stricken area, and those who have had sex with someone who lived in or traveled to one of those countries in the last three months.
Also as they are in an intimate relationship they are in a situation where it is easy for them to suffer from violence and difficult for them to bring complaints about that to court.
Also be sure to check out the pictures of the world's best bathrooms — winners of the Golden Plunger award — with artist-designed decor, fresh flowers, gold fixtures and one even has a pool table.
Also cracks may form in buildings that aren't Earthquake proof.
Also cracks may form in buildings that aren’t Earthquake proof.
Also he really impressed me.
Also if he strike out a tooth of his manservant or maidservant, he shall in like manner make them free.
Also in July, assailants set fire to a local radio station and several buildings, and two journalists were briefly kidnapped.
Also known as crypto-currency, the trading method has rapidly grown in popularity since the introduction of Bitcoin in 2009. There are over 500 different currencies with an estimated total market capitalization of over $3.7 billion dollars.
Also known for being a world heritage site, the Itsukushima Shrine in Miyajima gives the impression that it is floating in the ocean whenever the tides come in. Its mystical appearance continues to attract tourists from all over the world.
Also last week, scientists in the United States announced that they have remade the so-called Spanish flu virus.
Also many incidents of robbery by threats and violence are occurring.
Also my bedding got dirt on it.
Also on the program, our African football analyst looks at Friday's Egypt versus Senegal World Cup qualifier, a rematch of last month's Africa Cup of Nations final in Cameroon.
Also tell me about your plans with him in the future.
Also that is absolutely out of the question.
Also visible during a total solar eclipse are colorful lights from the Sun's chromosphere and solar prominences shooting out through the Sun's atmosphere.
Also, "armchair shopping" gets rid of the frustrations of crowds and traffic.
Also, I am going to New Zealand to study.
Also, I am not a fan of the cafeteria food.
Also, I can fly.
Also, I just started mirroring that on a non-Google service.
Also, I love you.
Also, I've answered the question that you asked.
Also, I’ve answered the question that you asked.
Also, Mr. Obama and Britain’s Queen Elizabeth both made sure to use the phrase “special relationship” when toasting each other at a Buckingham Palace state dinner.
Also, a lot of houses were damaged; windows were often broken throughout the town.
Also, after it is whipped, a fluffy texture emerges.
Also, check out other articles on our blog about how to increase your English vocabulary.
Also, could you please contact me if you would like to present your opinion on any of the topics listed?
Also, he said, the cheetahs were hunting “very successfully” in Kwandwe’s indigenous thickets. According to experts, cheetahs don’t like to frequent such vegetation.
Also, if publicity stunts can be avoided, so much the better.
Also, if you manufacture any other products, please send information.
Also, increased temperatures may require that lubricants be changed frequently.
Also, it's probably true.
Also, please inform us of your terms of payment.
Also, please let us know about your terms of payment.
Also, there is a greater risk of accidents.
Also, this shall be my sleeping-place, and this a great room where I will practise powerful magics.
Also, those of you who don't have the chance to wear a 'kimono', go for it and wear one!
Also, those of you who don’t have the chance to wear a ’kimono’, go for it and wear one!
Also, when he was in his late twenties, Pollock suffered a mental breakdown. It was caused in part by depression and dependence on alcohol. As a result, he was treated by a Jungian psychoanalyst.
Alsu and Ramil are from Kazan. They speak Tatar and Russian.
Altan doesn't miss a single chance to be a spoilsport.
Altan is a big-time schmuck.
Altan is a huge idiot.
Altan is a huge pushover.
Altan never misses a chance to be a killjoy.
Altbier is a dark amber-coloured top-fermented beer from the Rhineland.
Alternate.
Alternative medicine kills.
Alternative medicine that works is known as medicine.
Alternatively you can use the following secret to setup TOTP in your authenticator or password manager manually.
Alternatively, they say, OPEC could defer a decision altogether and review policy again at a special meeting in January.
Altho this substitution of assonance for rime is uncommon in the more literary lyrics, which we may suppose to have been composed with the pen, it is still frequently to be found in the popular song, born on the lips of the singer, and set down in black and white only as an afterthought.
Although 475AD is the year that shows the 'decline' of the Roman Empire, it is not the year of its 'fall'.
Although 475AD is the year that shows the ’decline’ of the Roman Empire, it is not the year of its ’fall’.
Although Al-Sayib would never admit it, the real reason he hates noobs that much is that he got pwned by one while Dima watched and laughed his ass off.
Although Algeria is a big country, it has a centralized system.
Although Algeria is surrounded by enemies, it has a strong army.
Although Anna works full-time, the money often doesn't go far enough.
Although Arina is 16 years old, she imitates an adult woman well.
Although Berber is my most used language, it is not the first language that I learned.
Although Bob was in disguise, I recognized him at a glance.
Although CFIT accounted for just over a third of crashes in the past six years, it caused 53% of the deaths.
Although English is not his first language, he speaks it impeccably.
Although Eri's suitcase looks heavy, it's actually very light.
Although Eri’s suitcase looks heavy, it’s actually very light.
Although Europa is thought to have the ingredients needed to support life—water, energy, organic compounds—it lies outside of our solar system's habitable zone.
Although French isn't Tom's native language, he speaks it quite well.
Although Go is probably the most popular Japanese game in my country, at most only a few university students know it.
Although Gogol was born in Ukraine, he wrote only in Russian.
Although HFCs are much less damaging to the ozone layer than CFCs, they harm the planet in a different way.
Although Hebrew and Phoenician are not the same, they are very closely related.
Although Hiroko dislikes cigarette smoke, she readily goes out drinking with friends.
Although I almost instinctively felt some resentment that my employer had placed me on probation after my mistake, I soon overcame my feelings of animus towards her and, instead of harbouring a grudge, resolved to treat the entire affair as a necessary learning experience.
Although I am a pious man, I am not the less a man.
Although I am her elder, she treats me as if I were her servant.
Although I asked her to be quiet, she went on speaking.
Although I asked him to be quiet, he went on speaking.
Although I ate 3 bowls of cereal for breakfast, I am still hungry.
Although I broke test tubes and played about with chemicals for fun, I did occasionally manage to obey the teacher's instructions as well; repeating experiments that others had long ago undertaken.
Although I broke test tubes and played about with chemicals for fun, I did occasionally manage to obey the teacher’s instructions as well; repeating experiments that others had long ago undertaken.
Although I came back late from the party last night, I was as fresh as a daisy in the morning.
Although I came back late from the party last night, I was as fresh as a daisy this morning.
Although I can't speak the Shanghaiese dialect, I can speak Chinese.
Although I consider myself somewhat shy and humble, many still think that my ego is imposing.
Although I did not like math, I had to learn logarithms.
Although I did not like math, I had to study logarithms.
Although I didn't like math, I had to study logarithms.
Although I don't like rain, I like how it smells.
Although I don't like to get up early, I have to.
Although I don't remember how, I've been getting some bruises on my legs lately. What should I do if it's some kind of weird disease?
Although I don't want to do that, I have to.
Although I enjoy bowling, I haven't gone bowling recently.
Although I enjoy doing that, I haven't done that recently.
Although I enjoy hiking, I haven't gone hiking recently.
Although I enjoy swimming, I haven't gone swimming recently.
Although I graduated many years ago, I will never forget a single one of my teachers who taught me.
Although I graduated many years ago, I'll never forget any of the teachers who taught me.
Although I grew up in the United States, my parents are Taiwanese.
Although I grew up on a farm, I don't know much about agriculture.
Although I had never before met Jim, I recognised him straight away.
Although I had ordered tea, he served me coffee.
Although I had taken two pills two times, my headache did not go away.
Although I had twice taken a pair of pills, my headache did not go away.
Although I have a driving licence, I don't have any experience driving, so I don't trust my driving skills. Let's get the train somewhere.
Although I have been called Dicky since I was a baby, my real name is Richard.
Although I have been studying Chinese for 2 years, there are still a lot of words I do not know.
Although I have not slept on the train.
Although I have studied English at school for the past six years, I'm still not good at speaking it.
Although I have studied English at school for the past six years, I’m still not good at speaking it.
Although I haven't converted to Islam yet, I truly feel Muslim.
Although I haven't had formal work experience, I've acquired valuable skills through personal projects.
Although I haven't slept on the train.
Although I know a lot about Mary, I haven't actually met her.
Although I learned to parallel park, it was never really necessary in my small town.
Although I like French, I don't like France so much.
Although I may be unhappy, I won't commit suicide.
Although I may be unhappy, I won’t commit suicide.
Although I missed my bus, I managed to get to the meeting on time.
Although I modified this extravagance later by including the beautiful life among the works of art that alone gave a meaning to life, it was still beauty that I valued.
Although I only made a small mistake, every person quibbled about it.
Although I really hate grammar, it's useful.
Although I really hate grammar, it’s useful.
Although I really should've known that Tom wouldn't be coming, I still waited three hours for him.
Although I received pills at the hospital, I never took them properly.
Although I slept uninterrupted for 12 hours last night, I still feel pretty tired.
Although I speak passable French, don't expect me to be able to give a speech at Jérôme's wedding.
Although I still care about you, my heart has grown distant and cold.
Although I still haven't been able to lose the weight I gained over New Year's, I've not been able to keep myself away from chocolate, as much as I've been trying to resist it.
Although I tell you to, you don't do it.
Although I tell you to, you don’t do it.
Although I trusted the map, it was mistaken.
Although I want to diet, whatever I do, I can't stop snacking.
Although I was angry at the man for his rudeness, I held my tongue.
Although I was exhausted, I continued to work.
Although I was hungry, I decided not to eat.
Although I was present, I didn't hear your words.
Although I was sick, I did my best.
Although I was the eldest son in the family, I was the third child in the sequence, so everyone from superiors to inferiors called Yun â€œthird lady.â€
Although I was the eldest son in the family, I was the third child in the sequence, so everyone from superiors to inferiors called Yun “third lady.”
Although I was tired, I did my best.
Although I was tired, I did my very best.
Although I was tired, I did what I was able to do.
Although I went to bed early, I couldn't get to sleep.
Although I wrote a letter, I wasn't able to express my feelings in words.
Although I'd wanted to visit this place for years, I'd never summoned up the courage to realise my wish until now.
Although I'm fairly fluent in French, my English is just so-so.
Although I'm fluent in French, I can't understand Mr Smith's French at all.
Although I'm not Muslim, I do like mosques.
Although I've already eaten, I'm still hungry.
Although I've faced many challenges, but your memory gives me the strength to persevere.
Although I've had two lots of two tablets, my headache hasn't got any better.
Although I've now twice taken two tablets, my headache hasn't got any better.
Although I've worked on relevant projects, I've never been assigned to a project of this scale.
Although Ibero-America is a larger language region, American English carries greater influence in the current world.
Although Imam Ziri advocates tolerance, he doesn't endorse same-sex marriage.
Although Internet has become more easily accessible in recent years, many people still can't enjoy this service.
Although Iran is nowadays known for being a stronghold of Shia Islam, most Persian Muslims were Sunni until the XVth century.
Although Islam is perfect, people aren't.
Although Jane had one suitcase less than me, she still said she had too much to carry.
Although Joshua Foer competed in the U.S. Memory Championships almost as a lark, now that he's won he's a part of a subculture of memory buffs — the "memory circuit," as he calls it.
Although Julius Caesar's family was poor, he became famous and rich.
Although King Harkinian is pretty much an omnivore, as much as a human being could ever be, his favourite food is by far the fabled Munf Munf cereal. One curious exception to his habit of eating everything that's on the dinner table is spaghetti, which he loathes deeply, decreeing that nobody bring it into Hyrule Castle. Luigi and Mario are the only people banned from the Hyrule Kingdom for life for violating this order.
Although Layla was college-educated, she landed a job as a maid.
Although Maria said the same thing, she was aiming for something different.
Although Mary arrived three hours early, she couldn't get on the flight.
Although Mary is French, she pretended to be Canadian.
Although Mary is a lapsed Catholic, and Tom no longer believes in God, they invited the missionaries in and gave them each a glass of water.
Although Mary is a scholar of aboriginal linguistics, even she was surprised to learn that "caucus" derives from an Algonquian word meaning "tribal elders."
Although Mary is good at singing, she rarely gets a chance to show it off.
Although Mary is my neighbour, I don't know her very well.
Although Mary is sick, she will work.
Although Mary knew that Tom was married, she tried to seduce him.
Although Mary usually prefers coffee, today she's drinking tea.
Although Mennad didn't have a speech impediment, he messed up his words a lot.
Although Mount Ararat is located within Turkey's borders, it holds a significant place in Armenian culture and folklore.
Although Mr. Koizumi's musings about retirement are receiving attention from the international news media, there has been little mention of them domestically. Political analysts say the public and most Japanese reporters already expect the prime minister to leave office when his current term ends in September 2006.
Although NASA’s newest Mars rover, Curiosity, has hogged most of the attention since landing on the Red Planet nearly two years ago, Opportunity, the space agency’s Mars rover, which preceded its newer sibling by about 8 years, is the one to set a new record.
Although Norway remained neutral in World War I, it suffered heavy losses to its shipping.
Although Phoenician and Hebrew are distinct languages, they are closely related.
Although Portugal eventually won the football tournament, there was no doubt that the Iceland team had acquitted itself well.
Although Sami knew that Layla was married and was forbidden fruit, he still wanted to take a bite.
Although Skura found Yanni super handsome, she didn't want to be a homewrecker.
Although Takahashi looks completely Asian, I've heard he's of mixed blood.
Although Takahashi looks completely Asian, I’ve heard he’s of mixed blood.
Although Tom and I were exhausted, we continued working.
Although Tom and Mary are twins, they don't look very alike.
Although Tom and Mary are twins, they don't look very much alike.
Although Tom attended Harvard business school, he never went to its library.
Although Tom could not afford it, he bought the sports car because he is going through his second childhood.
Although Tom does speak fluently, he makes all manner of mistakes.
Although Tom has had far too much to drink, he's ordering another.
Although Tom is a linguist, he does not speak any foreign language.
Although Tom is rich, he's not happy.
Although Tom is sick, he plans to get his homework done on time.
Although Tom is sick, he's planning on going to school.
Although Tom is sick, he's swimming again today.
Although Tom is sick, he's swimming.
Although Tom knew Mary was married, he still flirted with her.
Although Tom knew Mary would win in the end, he didn't want to make it easy for her.
Although Tom knew that Mary was married, he still flirted with her.
Although Tom knew that Mary would win in the end, he didn't want to make it easy for her.
Although Tom liked to sing very much, no one wanted to listen to him.
Although Tom lives nearby, I rarely see him.
Although Tom pretends not to be interested in Maria, he is actually strongly attached to her.
Although Tom said he was happy, he wasn't.
Although Tom sells both Swiss and Japanese watches, much of his business consists of inserting replacement watch batteries.
Although Tom tends to be a liar, what he has said is so logical that it can only be true.
Although Tom thinks himself somewhat capable of reading French texts, he makes constant mistakes in translating them.
Although Tom would never admit it, he's a little jealous.
Although Tom's body hasn't been found, a judge declared him dead last February.
Although Tom's early short stories were roundly panned by critics, they are worth a closer look.
Although Tom's flat is small, it is very cosy.
Although Turkey is a Muslim-majority country, it's also a strictly secular state.
Although Wright’s designs are up to a century old, they retain an air of modernity.
Although Yanni is a woman, everyone believes they're a man.
Although Yanni is twenty years Skura's senior, he's the same emotional age as her.
Although Ziri was a monk, he drank wine.
Although Zoad is a Bangladeshi, he was born in Germany.
Although a few countries have laws that permit physician-assisted suicide in some circumstances, physician groups generally oppose such legislation when it is proposed.
Although a lickspit licks spit and an ass-kisser kisses asses, both expressions are used for people who are tarred with the same brush.
Although ambitions are well worth having, they are not to be achieved easily.
Although an appeal to popularity is in fact a logical fallacy, a religious person may sometimes speak of an ecumenical truth as being right or true because everyone believes it.
Although an increase of unmarried mothers is needed in order to escape the declining birth rate for some reason public opinion in Japan is avoiding this argument.
Although an utterly unathletic man I am paying court to a lady who dotes upon male proficiency in games.
Although anciently and irregularly built, this market-town is much resorted to by the neighbouring gentry, not less for the beauty of its position, than for the famed salubrity of its air.
Although arctic and antarctic ice are melting rapidly and sea levels are already rising, elected lawmakers who deny the very existence of climate change currently chair the respective science committees of both the U.S. House of Representatives and the Senate.
Although astrology has no scientific basis, it's very popular and it seems that many people believe in it.
Although astrology has no scientific basis, it’s very popular and it seems that many people believe in it.
Although astronomers have detected nearly 500 planets beyond our solar system since the late 1990s, this is the first potentially Earthlike world.
Although bad breath commonly results from having eaten garlic or onions, or from smoking cigarettes, it can also be a symptom of an overly dry mouth, gum disease, tooth decay or mouth sores. Smoking can also cause gum disease, mouth sores or even cancer.
Although birds are often the first thing children think about when asked what kinds of animals fly, not all birds are capable of flying or gliding.
Although blockaded by snow at Hamadan I was able to visit the ancient Ecbatana and there acquired a small collection of Greek jewels and Chaldean cylinders.
Although both English and Korean have "shady" ambiguous vowels, Korean orthography handles them more robustly and organizedly.
Although cod is more ubiquitous in restaurants, hake is my favorite white fish because it's slightly more tender.
Although comets and asteroids are both tiny objects that orbit in the solar system, their composition differs. Asteroids are mostly rock with some ice, while comets are mostly ice with some rock.
Although communication and excommunication sound similar, they have absolutely nothing to do with one other.
Although critics have sometimes dismissed genre fiction as escapist, poorly written and full of clichés, some writers — such as Jules Verne, H.G. Wells, Mary Shelley and Edgar Allan Poe — have transcended the genres of science fiction or of horror to craft classic works of literature.
Although dull in almost every aspect, you're sharp in the most unexpected matters.
Although dung beetles eat poop, they don’t smell like anything.
Although each person follows a different path, our destinations are the same.
Although everyone was tired, they kept going until it got dark.
Although exercise could improve some chronic medical conditions, such as diabetes, obesity and congestive heart failure, those patients often lack the stamina to work out.
Although fatalities tend to be rare, many people have died as a result of volcanic eruptions during the last quarter century.
Although fearsome, T-rex had comparatively puny, shrunken arms for its size, with only two fingers.
Although free, the order of words in the Latin sentence is of great importance.
Although generally singing her praises, he could, at times, be quite critical.
Although government has its limits and cannot solve all our problems, we Americans reject the view that we must be reconciled to failures and mediocrity, or to an inferior quality of life.
Although ground-based telescopes are getting better all the time, Livio says there are still advantages to putting a telescope in space, out beyond the distorting and filtering effects of Earth's atmosphere.
Although he caught a cold, he still went to work.
Although he could never really be angry with her – he loved her too much for that – Tom let Mary see that she'd hurt him.
Although he denied the charges, the apparatchik was put on trial.
Although he did very well on the exam, his spoken Chinese is not as good as yours.
Although he did well in the exam, his spoken Chinese is not necessarily as good as yours.
Although he escaped from his country, his memories of the oppressive regime still haunted him.
Although he felt sleepy, he continued to drive.
Although he generally liked wine, he didn't care for the bottle Mary brought.
Although he had a lot on his plate, he made time to show me round the city.
Although he had a lot to do, he made time to show me round the city.
Although he had fewer supporters among the governing class, he was able to get the popular vote.
Although he had many toys, his greed made him want more.
Although he had the day off, Tom woke up at five in the morning as usual.
Although he has many friends, he is lonely.
Although he has said he's a native speaker of French, he feels so insecure about his ability that every time he knows I'm there, he doesn't dare to write a single sentence.
Although he is Chinese, he doesn't speak Chinese.
Although he is busy, he can come.
Although he is elderly, he looks young.
Although he is gone, I still love him more than everything.
Although he is not a singer, he has beautiful voice.
Although he is not a singer, his singing voice is fantastic.
Although he is over 70, he is still active.
Although he is poor, he is happy.
Although he is putting in a lot of effort, Tom is getting nowhere.
Although he is rich he works very hard.
Although he is rich, he is not happy.
Although he is the front-runner, the president is just one of 17 candidates running for the post.
Although he is totally different from me, I really respect him.
Although he is very old, he is strong.
Although he is young, he is very careful.
Although he isn't ill-natured, he is not very kind.
Although he isn’t ill-natured, he is not very kind.
Although he learned the profession, he never practised it.
Although he lived in France for many years, he never really learned to speak French.
Although he made a mistake in his sentence, it is unquestionable that Niko is the quicker of us both.
Although he may be clever, he is not wise.
Although he put in all that he knew, he could not match up with you.
Although he remained wealthy for most of his life, Jefferson was deeply in debt when he died, in part because income from farming was unreliable and also because Jefferson was a big spender who lived beyond his means.
Although he said only one word, it cut her up badly.
Although he says few words, his laconic style conveys a sense of wisdom.
Although he says he might return to Iran to marry, his plans after Japan are up in the air.
Although he says it, she will do it.
Although he started learning Chinese only a week ago, he already knows many characters.
Although he still has a little time for himself, most of his time will go towards studying.
Although he thought he was helping us, he was only in the way.
Although he trained in the profession, he has never practised it.
Although he trained in the profession, he never practised it.
Although he tried to hide his sadness he couldn't stop his tears.
Although he tried to make his voice confident, I could see the terror in his eyes.
Although he violated curfew, he got off lightly with just a reminder.
Although he was born in England, he speaks English very badly.
Although he was exhausted, he had to keep working.
Although he was ill, he went to school.
Although he was in such circumstances, he made his way by himself.
Although he was not a native speaker, Tom wrote short stories in German at a high literary level. Due to their brilliant wit, they soon enjoyed great popularity.
Although he was sick, he went to class.
Although he was tired, he would not stop working.
Although he was unwell, the boy still went to school.
Although he was weak when he was a baby, now he is very strong.
Although he was writing carefully, he had many mistakes in his writing task.
Although he was wrong, he didn't say he was sorry.
Although he was wrong, he didn’t say he was sorry.
Although he works and has two kids, he has started studying at the university.
Although he's a male, he feels like a lady.
Although he's my neighbour, I don't know him well.
Although he's my neighbour, I don't know very much about him.
Although he's rich, he is not happy.
Although he's young, he has a grey beard.
Although he's young, he's an outstanding doctor.
Although her house is nearby, I seldom see her.
Although her intention is charitable, it does more harm than good.
Although her parents had said no for a long time, they finally let her go to Europe alone.
Although he’s on leave, he calls back every day.
Although he’s young, he has a grey beard.
Although he’s young, he’s an outstanding doctor.
Although his book has been on sale for just a month, it has already sold a few thousand copies.
Although his exam scores weren't very high, he was still successful after graduation.
Although his exam scores weren’t very high, he was still successful after graduation.
Although his intention is charitable, it does more harm than good.
Although his life was short, Albert Camus left behind several books.
Although his pet spider was big, hairy and ugly, Dan always called it "my beauty."
Although his words made an impression, they were ultimately to no avail.
Although honey bees collect pollen from a variety of flowers, a bee limits itself to one plant species per trip, gathering one kind of pollen.
Although in common usage, this word is frequently mispronounced.
Although it does not seem that way, peaches and almonds are from the same family.
Although it is a regional gathering, the brochure contains prominent names.
Although it is a very difficult task, I will do my best.
Although it is in common usage, this word is frequently mispronounced.
Although it is not a bad thing in itself, in a lot of cases, many people are watching too much television.
Although it is not given to every boy to be one of such a merry crew as that of the Swan, or to have opportunity for adventures such as those so graphically pictured in this volume, still there are many who, possessing certain opportunities, pass through the world with their eyes metaphorically shut.
Although it is not typically aggressive toward humans, the monster hornet can inflict a powerful sting.
Although it is snowing, I must go.
Although it is taboo in America, horse meat is actually very tasty.
Although it leaves much to be desired artistically, intellectually it's very stimulating.
Although it looked like rain this morning, it has turned out fine.
Although it may be human to sin, it is, however, devilish to continue to sin.
Although it may be tempting to approach marine mammals and birds for a closer look, these are protected, wild animals. It is against federal law to disturb them or cause them to change their behavior.
Although it might seem odd, my brother is my closest buddy.
Although it rained, everyone had a good time.
Although it seemed like a lot of money to spend just because I was too lazy to cut my own lawn, I turned the whole thing over to him.
Although it seems impossible to translate this pun, many people try!
Although it seems very difficult to study Chinese, it's not as hard as you think.
Although it seems very difficult to study Chinese, it’s not as hard as you think.
Although it was a last-minute request, his quick response allowed us to successfully make it in time.
Although it was a long way back to the station, little by little the old wagon drew near.
Although it was a popular movie, Out of Africa was more of a coffee-table movie than anything else.
Although it was cold, he did not light the fire.
Although it was cold, he went out.
Although it was cold, he went outside.
Although it was raining, I had to go out.
Although it was raining, I went out.
Although it was still early, it was already hot outside.
Although it was very late, he kept working.
Although it wasn't easy, I finally managed to sell all the books.
Although it wouldn't be entirely wrong to add "своєї" here.
Although it's "Mac OS X", that doesn't mean that the Mac OS code itself has been upgraded to a new version.
Although it's a good car, I want something more recent.
Although it's a vacuum, it's not like there's nothing there.
Although it's blowing a gale outside, we're going to leave the house and go for a walk.
Although it's not a true issue, this is what we observe.
Although it's not wrong, it could sound weird to Spanish speakers in the Americas.
Although it’s "Mac OS X", that doesn’t mean that the Mac OS code itself has been upgraded to a new version.
Although many European countries are republics, several countries, including Italy, Germany, France and Lithuania, still have pretenders or claimants to the throne who are descended from those countries’ deposed kings.
Although many European researchers have studied ancient Persian literature in the nineteenth century, the new world is not paying attention to our contemporary literature.
Although many astronauts report feeling fully rested after only six hours of sleep, the fact is sleeplessness can cause irritability, forgetfulness and fatigue—none of which astronauts should have to deal with while piloting complicated ships that hurtle through space at tens of thousands of miles per hour.
Although many exhibits focus on wartime activities, the museum also highlights peacekeeping operations and humanitarian missions around the world.
Although many pay lip service to the idea of affirmative action, in reality, very few minorities get hired.
Although many people find it disgusting, I am going to eat fried liver today.
Although marriage is a great thing, don't worry; what should be yours will be yours.
Although marriage is a great thing, don’t worry; what should be yours will be yours.
Although medicine has come a long way in the last few years, having unprotected sex is still a huge risk.
Although more than a hundred years have passed since the Armenian genocide happened, Turkey still doesn't recognise it.
Although most dinosaurs went extinct, a few of them survived to the present day: birds.
Although most islands in the ocean have been mapped, the ocean floor is generally unknown.
Although most of the clients are dogs with knee problems, orthotics and prosthetics have been fashioned for a wide range of other animals, including horses, goats, cows, turtles and birds.
Although most of the content and thought has not been dependent on any language, when focusing on Japanese, differences in syntactic structures or the fact that individual words are not written separately and distinctly then requires several points of consideration.
Although most of us think of the brain as a single structure, it is actually divided into two hemispheres.
Although most people are familiar with the coyote’s howl, the animal actually has a language that incorporates a variety of sounds.
Although most people thought of the Bible as a compendium of inspirational thought and Near Eastern traditions, an American school board wanted to declare it a science textbook.
Although much research has been carried out into the applications of Emmet's theory, little is known about their feasibility.
Although much research has been carried out into the applications of Emmet’s theory, little is known about their feasibility.
Although my car is very old, it still runs very well.
Although my strength has started to give out, I do not want to show my weakness to people.
Although my supervisor has a bad temper, he's generally a pleasant person.
Although natto smells awful, it is delicious.
Although no one admits it, Paula is a great cook.
Although no one ever spoke about it, everyone knew something wasn't quite right.
Although no one ever spoke about it, everyone knew that something wasn't quite right.
Although no one is predicting a total meltoff all at once, keeping an eye on ice formation, runoff amounts and how the water is moving is critical to accurately predicting sea level changes.
Although no one understands, I always tell the truth.
Although nobody ever spoke about it, everybody knew something wasn't quite right.
Although nobody ever spoke about it, everybody knew that something wasn't quite right.
Although not as warm as mammals and birds, the opah circulates heated blood throughout its body, giving it a competitive advantage in the cold ocean depths from 150 to 1,300 feet below the surface.
Although old, he is still very much alive.
Although old, he's still very much alive.
Although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, their terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services.
Although opposed to the Linnaean system Hill recognised its value as a means of evolving order out of chaos, and to him falls the credit of introducing it into England.
Although others had floated the idea of orbital telescopes, Spitzer’s 1946 paper entitled “Astronomical advantages of an extra-terrestrial observatory” described in detail the scientific advantages of placing a telescope in space.
Although our universe is still young, theorists are busy exploring its ultimate fate.
Although people like to focus on the differences, I think that on the whole it's the same.
Although people like to focus on the differences, I think that on the whole it’s the same.
Although plantains are related to bananas, the two fruits are quite different.
Although precautions due to the pandemic had mandated restrictions on freedom of assembly during Zambia’s recent election campaign, international observers commended the generally peaceful election and the subsequent transfer of power from the former President Lungu to the new President Hichilema.
Although rainforests make up only two percent of the earth's surface, over half the world's wild plant, animal and insect species live there.
Although rainforests make up only two percent of the earth’s surface, over half the world’s wild plant, animal and insect species live there.
Although scientists and skeptics have many times managed to debunk conspiracy theories, believers nevertheless maintain an unreasoning attachment to the discredited ideas.
Although she calls all the others cowardly, she nonetheless lacks any courage herself.
Although she doesn't have to go to school today, she's going there of her own accord to do some exam revision.
Although she grew up in Japan, she can speak perfect English.
Although she grew up in Japan, she still speaks fluent English.
Although she grew up in a middle-class family with servants in Bolivia, she says she does not mind being a housekeeper herself now.
Although she had a bad cold, Liisa went to work.
Although she had a lot to do, she came to bid me farewell.
Although she had a lot to do, she came to say goodbye to me.
Although she had a lot to do, she came to see me off.
Although she had felt so ill and had such a headache, all she needed was a night's sleep and she was better. Her powers of recovery are truly amazing.
Although she has flaws, I still like her.
Although she has many weaknesses, I trust her.
Although she hurried, the old lady missed the last train.
Although she is gone, I still love her more than anything.
Although she is late, I am sure she will arrive.
Although she is poor, she is satisfied.
Although she is rich, she dresses quite simply.
Although she is rich, she is not happy.
Although she kept protesting, he went.
Although she lives in my neighbourhood, I only rarely meet her.
Although she lives in the area, I rarely see her.
Although she lives nearby, I rarely see her.
Although she looks like an Asian girl, Marika is not a Saami. She says that she's just Finnish.
Although she practised every afternoon, her tennis didn't improve at all.
Although she practised every afternoon, her tennis didn’t improve at all.
Although she studied hard, she did not succeed in the examination.
Although she wants to buy a vehicle, there is no margin to buy.
Although she was merited with many an accolade, we still don’t know what she did to deserve them.
Although she was on a diet, she couldn't resist the allure of the cake.
Although she was tired, she tried to finish the work.
Although she's my neighbour, I don't know her well.
Although she's my neighbour, I don't know much about her.
Although silver is precious, gold is more precious.
Although similar in appearance, the sultana and the raisin are not quite interchangeable.
Although simpler than chess, checkers also require the calculation of sequences of moves and the analysis of structures and positions.
Although some lianas produce fruits and habitat for animals, they are devastating for most trees. One liana we found had more than 10 different rooting points within a few square meters.
Although some people think of white, low-income trailer park residents as white trash, such thinking is a harmful stereotype.
Although some sects might force members to join or prevent them from leaving, most analysts say people who are not born into a sect or cult often join of their own free will.
Although studies in the social sciences have yielded interesting results, replicating the studies has proven difficult.
Although studying Chinese seems difficult, it's simpler than you think.
Although studying Chinese seems difficult, it’s simpler than you think.
Although teachers give a lot of advice, students don't always take it.
Although teachers give a lot of advice, students don’t always take it.
Although temperatures eased on Monday, the respite is likely to be brief.
Although the 8:00 p.m. broadcast had opened with a brief announcement that the story was science fiction and based on the novel by H. G. Wells, huge numbers of people across America believed it was real.
Although the Bohemianism of this famous club is mainly traditional, it preserves the good custom of general communication among members, and encourages that spirit of playful geniality which is inseparable from the idea of Bohemianism.
Although the Hubble results are exciting, the researchers say they need more observations to develop a more definitive picture of these enigmatic flashes and better pinpoint their source.
Although the Kashmiri language uses many Persian-origin words, it is in fact, an Indo-Aryan language.
Although the Russian language is difficult, Tom wants to learn it.
Although the United States has some of the most modern weapons in the world, it has won very few wars.
Although the United States is a developed country, it still has some very poor people.
Although the accident has delayed progress by one month, we have managed to catch up with the schedule.
Although the alarm rang I failed to wake up.
Although the alarm rang, I failed to wake up.
Although the album sold poorly, it gained a cult following and attracted critics.
Although the arguments were rational, he was not convinced.
Although the book cover officially credited Tom as the memoir's author, his paid ghostwriter came to regret portraying the subject of his book in a flattering light.
Although the brambles are thorny but they produce blackberries.
Although the candle is old, the flame burns brightly.
Although the catastrophe which beset us was foreseeable, no one did anything to prevent it before it occurred.
Although the cinematography was well-executed, the sound effects were amateurish.
Although the circumstances are difficult, we will endeavour to overcome them.
Although the city's cycle path network is not yet complete, the most important routes are in place.
Although the cloud services company is based in Singapore, its founding team is comprised of foreign nationals hailing from three different European countries.
Although the company has been in the red for years, it has until now always found new backers.
Although the company tried to hush it up, the internal harassment scandal made headlines.
Although the conditions are slightly different, the result of our experiment was identical with Robinson's.
Although the conditions are slightly different, the result of our experiment was identical with Robinson’s.
Although the controls were locked, a key had been placed in a sealed envelope in case an emergency situation made it necessary for Gagarin to take control of the spacecraft.
Although the decision to implement this plan has already been made, the finer points still need to be planned out.
Although the economy is showing signs of weakness, some companies are still making a profit.
Although the economy is weak, some companies are still making a profit.
Although the enemies of life assassinated Lounes Matoub, he continues to live in our hearts.
Although the experience had been forgotten by his conscious mind, his unconscious mind was still carrying the recollection of it.
Although the film is bad, I will enjoy it because I'm with friends.
Although the fork entered society on the tables of rich people, many members of royalty, such as Elizabeth I of England and Louis XIV of France, ate with their fingers.
Although the game has changed over the years, SEO is still an important consideration when building a business website.
Although the game has changed over the years, search engine optimization is still an important consideration when building a business website.
Although the game is set in feudal Japan, its developers are based in Canada.
Although the government refuses to admit it, its economic policy is in ruins.
Although the house had 15 floors, it had no elevator.
Although the journalist was a guest of the independent candidate for a Chinese district council, the current government sent a group of eight men who stood in a tight semi-circle in front of her door to block his entry. When she then appeared at the window of the house, they used a large piece of sheet metal to block a second attempt to interview her.
Although the judges ruled prostitution to be legal, they said it is still illegal to run a brothel or act as a pimp.
Although the life of Chinese people is getting better and better now, there is still room for improvement.
Although the locker rooms were segregated by sex, upon entering the bath, women and men were not separated—it was a mixed bath.
Although the majority of the Kashmiri people are Muslim, a minority follows Hinduism.
Although the male goat kids are often culled because they will never produce milk, they are sometimes castrated instead and allowed to remain in the herd as a "wether". With a bell around its neck, such a "bellwether" is usually the leader for the rest of the herd.
Although the man's ideas are sound, because he can't express them well, he doesn't have a ghost of a chance of getting them accepted.
Although the man’s ideas are sound, because he can’t express them well, he doesn’t have a ghost of a chance of getting them accepted.
Although the match today ended in a disappointing result, we will use this frustration as a drive to try our best for the next match.
Although the names are similar, they are far from being the same.
Although the novel is set in Algeria, there are no Algerians in it.
Although the official language of Burkina Faso is French, the country's most commonly spoken language is Mooré.
Although the paper was much longer than last year's a few students managed to finish.
Although the paper was much longer than last year’s a few students managed to finish.
Although the phrase "world peace" sounds attractive, the road to world peace is very long and full of troubles.
Although the pressure of studying at the University of Cambridge is very high, many students still have time to go out and have fun.
Although the pressure of the sun's rays is no greater than the weight of a paperclip dropping on the sail, sunlight is a constant source of energy.
Although the production of electric fans was reduced in February, it still beats January.
Although the proposal seemed like a good idea, they refused it.
Although the proverbial fountain of youth does not exist, research in the Journal of the American Medical Association shows that a youthful old age is possible if one remains fit and active.
Although the rain started falling heavily, we decided to continue our picnic.
Although the restaurant is extremely popular among expats, he said it’s been difficult to convince his family, friends and other locals of the benefits of veganism.
Although the retail landscape in the United States can look dire — with many malls and individual retailers closing up shop — the reality is that just 11% of all retail sales occur online.
Although the service wasn't very good, I felt forced to leave a tip.
Although the ships were heavy, they sailed quite quickly.
Although the solar eclipse will be total, lasting about two minutes, in a narrow path across North America that includes Nashville and Charleston, for people in Portland and Chicago, for example, the eclipse will only be partial.
Although the study did not look at why smokers are at a higher risk for prostate cancer, Kenfield says there are several possibilities, starting with the known carcinogens — cancer-causing chemicals — in cigarette smoke.
Although the sun was out, it was cold.
Although the temperatures went down a bit, they've started rising again.
Although the threat of a bioterrorist attack using Yersinia pestis, the germ that causes plague, is unlikely, there are examples throughout history of Y. pestis being used as a bioweapon.
Although the toolshed was so carefully locked, Ruth knew that the window could be opened.
Although the two boys disliked the partner of each other the beginning, they became good friends soon.
Although the two rival British generals were quarrelsome and foolish, the ordinary soldiers acquitted themselves bravely, even as they rode to their deaths.
Although the unemployment problem can't be ignored, the environment problem is also very important.
Although the unemployment problem can’t be ignored, the environment problem is also very important.
Although the victims have filed complaints with the authorities since 2002 and there has been a departmental enquiry, no action has been taken so far.
Although the water was only knee-deep, I was able to get completely underwater.
Although the web looks soft and delicate, it is strong.
Although the young man realized he was being tailed and tried to escape, he was captured.
Although their traditions may seem a bit odd, please try and keep an open mind.
Although there are people who say they are able to eat okonomiyaki every day, it wouldn't work for me.
Although there are so many English sentences on Tatoeba, most of them recycle the same basic words, whereas more complex words remain unrepresented.
Although there are wide variations in unemployment levels in different industries and in different parts of the country, every region is now being affected by the slow-down in the economy.
Although there aren't any errors grammatically per se, it personally feels a bit unnatural to me.
Although there has been some progress, most of the press have reported that negotiations have not produced any results in the short time available.
Although there have been many imitators, the real Elvis Presley continues to thrill people today and he is appreciated by a whole new generation of rock fans.
Although there is no clear dividing line between ships and boats, in most cases it's quite obvious whether it's a ship or a boat.
Although there was no need to hurry so much.
Although there was no wind blowing, the door opened of itself.
Although there was once believed to be a causative relationship between syphilis and artistic genius, I would hope that the vast majority of modern artists and writers are reasonable enough to avoid becoming infected just on the off chance that neurosyphilis dementia might improve the quality of their work.
Although there were usually four of us in my high school gang, Kevin was the fifth "spare tire" of our group. He was fond of his British heritage. He really liked Rolls-Royce. He liked to wear a black top hat, like those in the 19th century.
Although there's little chance of success, let's try it.
Although there's public fuss over the idea of purchases being monitored by retailers, few customers actually worry about having their purchases recorded.
Although thermostats can be adjusted manually, programmable thermostats will avoid any discomfort by returning temperatures to normal before you wake or return home.
Although these batteries are new, they don't work.
Although these claims have been proven to be unfounded every time, they are, unfortunately, still taken up again and again.
Although these students have found at least a slice of home in the United States, they all say they miss the celebrations back home, and their mothers' cooking.
Although they are different, they respect each other a lot.
Although they are twins, they have few interests in common.
Although they can afford to purchase a home, more well-to-do Americans are choosing to rent instead.
Although they made an impression, his words were ultimately to no avail.
Although they spend most of the year feeding far offshore, elephant seals can be seen on beaches and islands when breeding, pupping or resting.
Although they were Dutch, they were all speaking in German.
Although they were brothers, they were not on speaking terms.
Although they were not guilty, they were charged.
Although they were twins, they were of opposite personalities.
Although this building looks abandoned, in fact it is a profitable company.
Although this chap came into the world in a somewhat impudent fashion, before he was sent for, his mother was pretty; we had fun making him, and the illegitimate fellow must be acknowledged.
Although this city is made of concrete, it's still a jungle.
Although this composer's opus includes a wide variety of music, he has attracted the most attention with works inspired by real life events.
Although this house is very big, it doesn't have enough room for both of us.
Although this sentence has no grammatical mistakes, I think it would practically never be used.
Although those projects did get off the ground, they didn't produce any tangible results.
Although tide pool creatures can survive harsh conditions, human visitors can easily disturb them.
Although tired, she kept on working.
Although tired, they continued on.
Although unemployment is near a record low, real wages — the number of goods and services that can be bought with money earned — haven’t budged in decades for U.S. workers.
Although valuable things may require a lot of resources to create, it is not then equally true that using a lot of resources to create things grants them value.
Although we are different, we have deep respect for one another.
Although we don't have much money, I want to buy this painting.
Although we don’t have much money, I want to buy this painting.
Although we had both visited Turkey more than 10 times, there is still so much to see.
Although we have seen it several times, we wouldn't be able to recognize it.
Although we may intend to judge a person on the basis of his or her personal qualities, they are not visible at first sight.
Although we may want to be international, we all have our limits.
Although we tried our best, we know we won't win.
Although we waited until ten o'clock, Bill never showed up.
Although we waited until ten o’clock, Bill never showed up.
Although we worked hard, we are not getting good results.
Although we're beginners, we learn quickly.
Although we've known each other for so long, I know nothing about him.
Although you are able to win, sometimes yield to a friend, since through deference, sweet friends are preserved.
Although you are rich, I doubt you are happy.
Although you can probably guess what's happening.
Although you can probably guess what’s happening.
Although you can't compare them to Radiohead, Kashmir is a pretty darn good band.
Although you can't make it as "the greatest person", you can still be the best person to your partner.
Although you can’t make it as "the greatest person", you can still be the best person to your partner.
Although you don't know me, I do have many pictures of you on my computer.
Although you love another, I love you.
Although you may curse your luck, jury duty can't be avoided.
Although you may tell lies, people will believe you, if only you speak with authority.
Although you rushed, you're not ready.
Although you said you would be studying, you haven't made much progress, have you?
Although you should always do the right thing at the right time, remember that there is never a wrong time to do the right thing.
Although, according to law, a nobleman could only be tried by the Council of State, the king summoned twelve peasants to retry the case.
Although, man has never seen that.
Although, sleeping on the train is something I have not done.
Although, sleeping on the train is something I haven't done.
Altitude makes a huge difference.
Altogether, it was a success.
Altogether, it’s about 4.5 tons of much needed supplies, including face masks, coveralls, sardines and powdered milk.
Altogether, things are going well.
Alton Brown doesn't like garlic presses. He says they only really have one function, which can be done with a knife.
Alton Brown doesn’t like garlic presses. He says they only really have one function, which can be done with a knife.
Aluminium and glass are important materials in civil construction, even though not as important as steel and wood, for instance.
Aluminium became more expensive than gold.
Aluminium doesn't conduct electricity as well as copper does.
Aluminium doesn't conduct electricity as well as copper.
Aluminium is a metal.
Aluminium is insoluble in water.
Aluminum accumulation in the bone marrow results in osteomalacia.
Aluminum cans are recycled.
Aluminum doesn't conduct electricity as well as copper does.
Aluminum doesn't conduct electricity as well as copper.
Aluminum foil is more expensive than plastic wrap.
Aluminum has an atomic mass of 26.982.
Aluminum is a malleable metal.
Aluminum is a metal.
Aluminum isn't magnetic.
Alumni are listed by their department of study.
Alvar Aalto is a famous Finnish architect.
Alvarez says government expropriations of privately-held lands and assets, coupled with strong anti-capitalist rhetoric, have discouraged investment to boost the country's production capacity.
Alvaro is a Cuban citizen.
Alveolar bone grafting is part of the reconstructive surgery process for patients with a cleft lip and palate.
Alveolar bone has a high mineral content, mainly calcium and phosphate.
Alvin was totally surprised when the gift arrived.
Always I hid who I really was.
Always a bridesmaid, never a bride.
Always act in such a way that you can also will that the maxim of your action should become a universal law.
Always act in such a way that you would be willing for it to become a general law that everyone else should do the same in the same situation.
Always add phrases that are used in everyday life.
Always add phrases that you will use on a daily basis.
Always aim for the eyes.
Always arrive on time.
Always ask for help if you need to use the stove.
Always ask for permission before sharing someone else's content.
Always assume a gun is loaded.
Always at service!
Always back your files up to the cloud.
Always be aware of the river's potential hazards.
Always be aware of your surroundings.
Always be candid.
Always be careful.
Always be cautious.
Always be constructive when you criticize others.
Always be fair.
Always be grateful to your mother and father.
Always be honest.
Always be on guard.
Always be prepared for the worst, that's the motto of the people called preppers.
Always be prepared for the worst.
Always be prepared.
Always be rational.
Always be sincere.
Always be smarter than people who hire you.
Always be sweet.
Always be the best version of yourself.
Always be the first to know.
Always be there for your brother, he needs your support.
Always be there to protect and care for the kitten. It relies on you.
Always be true to yourself.
Always be wary of your surroundings.
Always be yourself!
Always be yourself.
Always being honest is no easy thing.
Always bend your knees when you're lifting something off the ground.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won’t expect it back.
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn’t expect to be paid back.
Always bring your notebook to my class, will you?
Always brush your teeth.
Always call me Tom.
Always carry some cash.
Always check the expiration date before using ingredients.
Always cite your sources.
Always clean up after your dog's mess.
Always clean up after your puppy when it makes a mess.
Always clean up after yourself, it's the right thing to do.
Always close the barn door tight.
Always come by the time promised.
Always consider before you speak.
Always count your change.
Always cover your food with a microwave-safe lid or wrap.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Always do what is right.
Always do whatever's next.
Always do your best.
Always doing the same thing every day must get boring.
Always double-check that the faucet is off after using it.
Always eat healthfully.
Always expect the unexpected.
Always fasten your seat belt.
Always fasten your seatbelt.
Always flush the toilet to keep it clean.
Always forgive others, never yourself.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing irritates them more.
Always give others the benefit of the doubt.
Always give way to traffic coming from the right.
Always give your best.
Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours.
Always handle the DVD discs with clean hands.
Always have a backup plan.
Always have a designated spot for the towels to hang and dry.
Always have a fire extinguisher in your house.
Always have a fresh stack of napkins available for the next meal.
Always have a safety call when meeting someone for BDSM.
Always have a stack of dirt handy, so if you’re in a tight spot underground, you can nerd pole your way up and out.
Always have an escape plan.
Always have your dictionary close at hand.
Always have your dictionary near at hand.
Always hit where it hurts the most.
Always hold hands while crossing the street.
Always inform an adult if you're going off the trail.
Always keep a bucket of water handy, in case of fire.
Always keep a dictionary within reach.
Always keep a handkerchief in your pocket.
Always keep an eye out for loose branches or falling rocks.
Always keep an open mind for new knowledge.
Always keep an open mind.
Always keep in mind that someone is doing it better than you do in all areas of life.
Always keep that in mind.
Always keep the faith.
Always keep this dictionary handy.
Always keep your eyes on the road.
Always keep your fingernails and toenails trimmed.
Always keep your intentions clean.
Always keep your mind as open as when you began.
Always keep your office tidy.
Always keep your windshield clean.
Always keep your workplace organized.
Always laugh when you can. It is cheap medicine.
Always learn.
Always lock the door.
Always lock your car.
Always lock your door.
Always lock your doors.
Always lock your locker.
Always look before you jump into the pool.
Always look for creative solutions.
Always look on the bright side of life.
Always make sure the dishwasher door is securely closed before starting a cycle.
Always make sure to accommodate yourself prudently to the occasion.
Always obey your father.
Always open.
Always pay attention to your surroundings.
Always place respect at the forefront.
Always plan your vacations ahead of time.
Always praise he who brought coffee to Europe.
Always praise whoever brought coffee to Europe.
Always predict the worst and you'll be hailed as a prophet.
Always press the eject button before removing a CD.
Always program as if the person who will maintain your code is a maniac serial killer who knows where you live.
Always provide fresh water for your guinea pig.
Always put Islam first.
Always put away ingredients and utensils when you're done using them.
Always put the CDs back in their proper place.
Always put the lid down when you're done.
Always put your best foot forward.
Always put your phone on silent during school hours.
Always read the fine print.
Always remember God.
Always remember that I love you.
Always remember to shut down the computer properly before leaving.
Always remember to use the trash can for its intended purpose.
Always remember to wash your hands after playing outside.
Always remember, don't talk to strangers, even if they seem friendly.
Always remind yourself of who you are.
Always respect the lake and follow the rules to stay safe.
Always return the DVD player to its designated spot after use.
Always run hot water after using the sink to clear away any soap residue.
Always say "Please," "Thank you," "Excuse me," and "You're welcome."
Always seek to fulfill your desires.
Always seeking the truth.
Always shake well before using.
Always silent and thoughtful, she became more so now than ever.
Always smile and be happy.
Always smile.
Always something new, but rarely something good.
Always stay the way you are.
Always stick to your word.
Always stir or rotate your food halfway through microwaving for even heating.
Always stow your trash for disposal in port.
Always strive for your aspirations.
Always strive to defy your enemy's expectations and catch them off guard.
Always strive to keep respect alive.
Always take action.
Always take hold of things by the smooth handle.
Always tell an adult if you're going exploring.
Always tell the truth.
Always tend your fires.
Always thank God. Never make jokes about God.
Always the same.
Always think win win.
Always tip in America.
Always treat a firearm as if it's loaded.
Always treat a gun as if it's loaded.
Always trust your instincts.
Always try to be humble.
Always try to be tolerant and patient.
Always try to place your pieces on the squares where they can be most effective.
Always try to see the best in people.
Always turn off the faucet when you're finished brushing your teeth.
Always unplug the VCR when not in use.
Always use a clean cloth or paper towel to wipe the countertops.
Always use a clean cloth to wipe the console.
Always use a clean cloth to wipe the laptop screen.
Always use a clean mop and appropriate floor cleaner.
Always use a timer when cooking on the stove.
Always use a tool to do that.
Always use a trash can to get rid of your waste.
Always use defined trails and boardwalks instead of walking across the sensitive dunes.
Always use distilled water in steam irons because using ordinary water will cause a mineral build-up over time that will clog the steam holes.
Always use oven mitts when handling pots on the stove.
Always use your brain before saying anything.
Always walk on the designated paths to avoid getting lost.
Always wash new towels before you use them to remove the sizing.
Always wash the cutting board before and after each use.
Always wash your hands after handling the cat, to stay clean.
Always wash your hands before handling the kitten.
Always wash your hands before touching anything in the kitchen.
Always watch your back.
Always wear a helmet when you are riding.
Always wear a helmet when you're riding.
Always wear a jockstrap and cup when you play baseball.
Always wear comfortable and appropriate clothing and shoes for exercise.
Always wear sandals in a public shower.
Always wear your helmet.
Always when you are about to say anything, first weigh it in your mind; for with many the tongue outruns the thought.
Always work hard for tomorrow!
Always write legibly.
Always yield to traffic from the right.
Always.
Alyssa can pronounce any word backwards.
Alyssa was brought on board as my new PR manager.
Alzheimer's disease affects mainly people older than 60 years.
Alzheimer's disease affects nearly 50 million people around the world.
Alzheimer's disease can be treated if detected early.
Alzheimer's disease is usually experienced by the elderly.
Alzira is my mother.
Am I Christian?
Am I Jewish?
Am I Muslim?
Am I OK?
Am I Ukrainian?
Am I a Christian?
Am I a Muslim?
Am I a Viking?
Am I a bad dad?
Am I a bad father?
Am I a bad guy?
Am I a bad mom?
Am I a bad mother?
Am I a bad mum?
Am I a bad person?
Am I a bastard?
Am I a big dope?
Am I a boor?
Am I a bore?
Am I a boy or a girl? What's the difference?
Am I a boy or a girl? Who cares?
Am I a burden?
Am I a cat?
Am I a cute kid?
Am I a demon?
Am I a father yet?
Am I a fool?
Am I a freak?
Am I a ghost?
Am I a good boy?
Am I a good kid?
Am I a good teacher?
Am I a hero?
Am I a hostage?
Am I a jerk?
Am I a joke to you?
Am I a liar?
Am I a man yet?
Am I a minor?
Am I a monster?
Am I a nerd?
Am I a pest?
Am I a prisoner?
Am I a prude?
Am I a racist?
Am I a sinner?
Am I a suspect?
Am I a target?
Am I a wimp?
Am I able to participate in this task?
Am I about to be replaced?
Am I adopted?
Am I afraid of being cursed by the evil eye?
Am I afraid of death?
Am I afraid of falling victim to the evil eye?
Am I afraid to die?
Am I alive or dead?
Am I all done?
Am I all paid up?
Am I all right in trainers?
Am I all right wearing trainers?
Am I all right?
Am I allowed a little more milk?
Am I allowed to ask how you feel?
Am I allowed to ask questions?
Am I allowed to attend?
Am I allowed to be here?
Am I allowed to be in here?
Am I allowed to do that?
Am I allowed to do this?
Am I allowed to drive?
Am I allowed to eat anything?
Am I allowed to eat this pie?
Am I allowed to enter?
Am I allowed to go alone?
Am I allowed to go home now?
Am I allowed to go out?
Am I allowed to go with Tom?
Am I allowed to help?
Am I allowed to know the reason?
Am I allowed to leave the room?
Am I allowed to leave?
Am I allowed to open the curtain?
Am I allowed to say so?
Am I allowed to smoke?
Am I allowed to speak?
Am I allowed to talk now?
Am I allowed to talk?
Am I allowed to use that shopping cart?
Am I allowed to use this?
Am I allowed to use your car today?
Am I allowed to vote?
Am I almost done?
Am I alone here?
Am I alone?
Am I already dead?
Am I also a suspect?
Am I an asshole?
Am I an orphan?
Am I annoying you?
Am I annoying?
Am I approved?
Am I asking for too much?
Am I at fault?
Am I at peace with my present identity?
Am I bald?
Am I balding?
Am I banned?
Am I beautiful enough for you?
Am I beautiful enough?
Am I beautiful?
Am I being a bother?
Am I being a jerk?
Am I being a nuisance?
Am I being a wimp?
Am I being accused of murder?
Am I being accused of some kind of crime?
Am I being an idiot?
Am I being annoying?
Am I being arrested?
Am I being arrogant?
Am I being cheated?
Am I being childish?
Am I being clear?
Am I being detained?
Am I being discharged?
Am I being dismissed?
Am I being dumped?
Am I being evicted?
Am I being fair?
Am I being filmed?
Am I being fired?
Am I being followed?
Am I being foolish?
Am I being graded on this?
Am I being graded?
Am I being greedy?
Am I being grounded?
Am I being helpful?
Am I being impractical?
Am I being investigated?
Am I being irrational?
Am I being overbearing?
Am I being oversensitive?
Am I being presumptuous?
Am I being punished?
Am I being quiet enough?
Am I being recorded?
Am I being replaced?
Am I being retaliated against?
Am I being ridiculous?
Am I being rude?
Am I being sacked?
Am I being selfish?
Am I being set up?
Am I being silly enough?
Am I being stupid?
Am I being suspended?
Am I being tailed?
Am I being too bossy?
Am I being too frank?
Am I being too generous?
Am I being too greedy?
Am I being too hard on you?
Am I being too harsh?
Am I being too lenient?
Am I being too loud?
Am I being too negative?
Am I being too nosy?
Am I being too pushy?
Am I being too selfish?
Am I being too subtle?
Am I being too tough?
Am I being too vague?
Am I being toxic?
Am I being uncouth?
Am I being understood?
Am I being unfair?
Am I being unreasonable?
Am I being watched?
Am I bleeding?
Am I blushing?
Am I boring you guys?
Am I boring you with all this?
Am I boring you with this?
Am I boring you, Skura?
Am I boring you?
Am I boring?
Am I bothering anyone?
Am I bothering you?
Am I capable of using this?
Am I catching you at a bad time?
Am I causing a problem?
Am I clear enough?
Am I clear?
Am I cleared for duty?
Am I close enough?
Am I comfortable with myself as I am?
Am I coming through?
Am I competent?
Am I completely alone?
Am I confusing you?
Am I contagious?
Am I content with my current self-image?
Am I content with who I am today?
Am I cool?
Am I correct in assuming that you regret doing that?
Am I correct in assuming that you wish that you hadn't done that?
Am I correct in assuming that you wish you hadn't done that?
Am I correct in assuming that you've finished doing what we asked you to do?
Am I correct in assuming you regret doing that?
Am I correct in assuming you wish that you hadn't done that?
Am I correct in assuming you wish you hadn't done that?
Am I correct in assuming you've finished doing what we asked you to do?
Am I correct in thinking thus?
Am I correct?
Am I crazy!
Am I crazy?
Am I creepy?
Am I cured?
Am I cute?
Am I daydreaming?
Am I dead or am I dreaming?
Am I dead?
Am I deluded?
Am I deranged?
Am I dismissed?
Am I disqualified?
Am I distracting?
Am I disturbing anything?
Am I disturbing something?
Am I disturbing you?
Am I doing OK?
Am I doing anything wrong?
Am I doing enough?
Am I doing it right?
Am I doing something wrong too?
Am I doing something wrong?
Am I doing the right thing?
Am I doing this incorrectly?
Am I doing this right?
Am I doing this the right way?
Am I doing this the wrong way?
Am I doing this wrong?
Am I doing what God has asked me to do?
Am I done now?
Am I done yet?
Am I done?
Am I dreaming?
Am I dressed OK?
Am I dressed appropriately in trainers?
Am I dressed appropriately?
Am I dressed normally?
Am I driving too fast?
Am I dying?
Am I early again?
Am I early?
Am I eligible for the scholarship?
Am I eligible?
Am I embarrassing you?
Am I entertaining?
Am I ever going to matter?
Am I ever going to meet Tom?
Am I ever going to see Tom again?
Am I ever going to see you again?
Am I ever going to walk again?
Am I ever part of your thoughts?
Am I ever wrong?
Am I excused?
Am I expected to sit here?
Am I expected?
Am I expecting too much?
Am I famous?
Am I fast enough?
Am I fat?
Am I feared?
Am I finished?
Am I fired?
Am I first?
Am I fluent in Berber?
Am I forgetting anyone?
Am I forgetting anything else?
Am I forgetting anything?
Am I forgetting somebody?
Am I forgetting something?
Am I forgiven now?
Am I forgiven?
Am I free to go?
Am I free to leave?
Am I free?
Am I from Mexico?
Am I fully covered in case of an accident?
Am I fun to play with?
Am I fun?
Am I funny?
Am I getting ahead of myself?
Am I getting any better?
Am I getting graded on this?
Am I getting on your nerves?
Am I getting sloppy or what?
Am I getting this right?
Am I going crazy?
Am I going in the right direction?
Am I going mad?
Am I going the right way?
Am I going to Australia to build stores?
Am I going to be OK?
Am I going to be able to do that?
Am I going to be able to see you?
Am I going to be all right?
Am I going to be allowed to leave?
Am I going to be arrested?
Am I going to be blind?
Am I going to be by myself?
Am I going to be deaf?
Am I going to be executed?
Am I going to be hospitalized?
Am I going to be impressed?
Am I going to be indicted?
Am I going to be killed?
Am I going to be normal again?
Am I going to be punished?
Am I going to bleed to death?
Am I going to die today?
Am I going to die tonight?
Am I going to die?
Am I going to end up like Tom?
Am I going to get fired?
Am I going to get grounded again?
Am I going to get in trouble?
Am I going to get my own room?
Am I going to get paid for doing this?
Am I going to get paid for this?
Am I going to get paid?
Am I going to get punished?
Am I going to get yelled at?
Am I going to have a baby?
Am I going to have a false tooth or a crown?
Am I going to have to do this by myself?
Am I going to have to knock some sense into you?
Am I going to have to work with Tom?
Am I going to jail?
Am I going to like this?
Am I going to like what I see?
Am I going to lose everything?
Am I going to lose my hair?
Am I going to lose my license?
Am I going to need a lawyer?
Am I going to need stitches?
Am I going to need surgery?
Am I going to pass this class?
Am I going to pass?
Am I going to run into Tom tonight?
Am I going to see you again?
Am I going to see you next week?
Am I going to see you tomorrow?
Am I going too fast for you?
Am I going too fast?
Am I gonna die?
Am I gonna have to knock some sense into you?
Am I good at singing?
Am I good or what?
Am I good-looking enough?
Am I grounded?
Am I hallucinating or something?
Am I handsome or not?
Am I handsome?
Am I happy with who I am at this moment?
Am I hard to understand?
Am I hated?
Am I heavier than you?
Am I helping?
Am I hideous?
Am I hired?
Am I holding the brush correctly?
Am I hopeless?
Am I horrible?
Am I hot?
Am I hungry!
Am I hurt?
Am I hurting you?
Am I hypocritical?
Am I ignorant?
Am I imagining things?
Am I imagining this?
Am I immune?
Am I imposing?
Am I in Berlin?
Am I in China?
Am I in London?
Am I in Paris?
Am I in debt?
Am I in love?
Am I in pain now?
Am I in the right place?
Am I in the way?
Am I in the wrong room?
Am I in the wrong?
Am I in trouble financially?
Am I in trouble?
Am I in your way?
Am I included in the team?
Am I included?
Am I inconveniencing you?
Am I incorrect?
Am I infected?
Am I infectious?
Am I injured?
Am I insane?
Am I interesting?
Am I interrupting anything?
Am I interrupting something here?
Am I interrupting something important?
Am I interrupting something?
Am I interrupting your dinner?
Am I interrupting?
Am I intimidating?
Am I intruding?
Am I invisible?
Am I invited to your wedding?
Am I invited?
Am I just being paranoid again?
Am I just being paranoid?
Am I just dreaming? Am I in the land of Oz?
Am I just imagining that?
Am I just supposed to forget what happened?
Am I just talking to myself?
Am I keeping you awake?
Am I keeping you from something?
Am I late again?
Am I late or not?
Am I late?
Am I laughing?
Am I leaving anything out?
Am I less important than members of the royal family?
Am I looking OK?
Am I losing?
Am I lying?
Am I mad?
Am I making a big mistake?
Am I making a fool of myself?
Am I making a huge mistake?
Am I making a terrible mistake?
Am I making any sense at all?
Am I making any sense to you?
Am I making any sense?
Am I making lots of mistakes?
Am I making myself clear here?
Am I making myself clear?
Am I making myself perfectly clear?
Am I making myself understood?
Am I making sense to you?
Am I making sense?
Am I making the right choice?
Am I making things easier or harder?
Am I making too much noisy?
Am I making too much of this?
Am I making you feel awkward?
Am I making you nervous?
Am I making you uncomfortable?
Am I masturbating too much and can it be bad for me?
Am I mentioned?
Am I misinterpreting her signals?
Am I missed?
Am I missing anything?
Am I missing out on something?
Am I missing something here?
Am I missing something interesting?
Am I missing something now?
Am I missing something?
Am I missing the point?
Am I mistaken in some way?
Am I mistaken, or are you really Ismael?
Am I mistaken?
Am I more at risk if my relatives have cancer?
Am I my brother's keeper?
Am I my own boss?
Am I next?
Am I no longer a suspect?
Am I normal?
Am I not able to do anything?
Am I not allowed to ask questions?
Am I not allowed to be angry?
Am I not allowed to be happy?
Am I not allowed to be here?
Am I not allowed to do that?
Am I not allowed to do this?
Am I not allowed to have fun?
Am I not allowed to have some fun?
Am I not allowed to read this?
Am I not allowed to say that?
Am I not allowed to sit here?
Am I not allowed to speak?
Am I not any fun?
Am I not beautiful?
Am I not classy enough with this Kabyle dress?
Am I not doing the right thing?
Am I not doing this properly?
Am I not doing this right?
Am I not dressed properly?
Am I not even allowed to ask questions?
Am I not fun to be with?
Am I not fun to drink with?
Am I not fun to hang out with?
Am I not fun to talk to?
Am I not funny?
Am I not going to look for something in Nigeria?
Am I not good enough for you?
Am I not in time?
Am I not invited?
Am I not lucky?
Am I not open-minded enough?
Am I not paying you enough?
Am I not pretty enough?
Am I not right?
Am I not smart enough?
Am I not speaking English?
Am I not strong enough?
Am I not supposed to be doing this here?
Am I not supposed to be doing this?
Am I not supposed to be here?
Am I not supposed to do that?
Am I not the owner of the company?
Am I not young?
Am I not your boyfriend?
Am I not your girlfriend?
Am I not yours?
Am I nuts?
Am I obliged to do that?
Am I obliged to do this by myself?
Am I obnoxious?
Am I obsolete?
Am I old enough now?
Am I old enough to vote?
Am I old enough?
Am I old?
Am I older than you?
Am I older than your brother?
Am I on my own?
Am I on that list?
Am I on the list?
Am I on the right road?
Am I on the right track?
Am I on the wrong path?
Am I on the wrong road?
Am I on time?
Am I or am I not?
Am I out of a job?
Am I out of touch?
Am I overdressed?
Am I overlooking anything?
Am I overreacting?
Am I pale?
Am I paying you enough?
Am I permitted to make changes?
Am I physically able to eat this one?
Am I playing it too safe?
Am I polishing the poisonous apples?
Am I pregnant?
Am I presentable?
Am I pretentious?
Am I pretty or ugly?
Am I pretty?
Am I pronouncing it right?
Am I pronouncing it wrong?
Am I pronouncing this correctly?
Am I pronouncing this word correctly?
Am I pronouncing this word right?
Am I pronouncing your name correctly?
Am I proud of who I am today?
Am I qualified to do that?
Am I qualified?
Am I racist?
Am I reading this word correctly?
Am I ready to die?
Am I ready to go?
Am I ready?
Am I real?
Am I really a loser?
Am I really a suspect?
Am I really annoying?
Am I really awake?
Am I really crazy?
Am I really fired?
Am I really forgiven?
Am I really good enough?
Am I really helping?
Am I really ill?
Am I really in trouble?
Am I really invited?
Am I really late?
Am I really necessary?
Am I really scary?
Am I really seeing this?
Am I really sick?
Am I really stupid?
Am I really such a good friend that it's so hard to fall for me?
Am I really that bad?
Am I really that fascinating?
Am I really that interesting?
Am I really that old?
Am I really that overweight?
Am I really that scary?
Am I really the kind of guy you're looking for?
Am I really the only Canadian here?
Am I really the only boy you've ever kissed?
Am I really the only one here who doesn't understand French?
Am I really the only one that volunteered?
Am I really the only one who did that?
Am I really the only one who thinks this is a bad idea?
Am I really the only one who volunteered?
Am I really the only one you've told?
Am I really to blame?
Am I really ugly?
Am I really wrong?
Am I reinstated?
Am I repulsive?
Am I required to do that?
Am I required to do this by myself?
Am I required to get a visa?
Am I responsible for overdraft fees even though the bank made a mistake?
Am I responsible for that?
Am I responsible for this?
Am I rich now?
Am I rich yet?
Am I right about that?
Am I right in assuming that my commentaries irritate you?
Am I right in guessing that the gentleman wearing a dark coat is your uncle?
Am I right in saying that, like me, you study Spanish?
Am I right in thinking you're lost?
Am I right this time?
Am I right to assume that the gentleman in a dark coat is your uncle?
Am I right to assume that you're lost?
Am I right to say so?
Am I right, or am I wrong?
Am I right?
Am I romantic?
Am I ruining your fun?
Am I running late?
Am I rushing you?
Am I safe here?
Am I safe now?
Am I safe?
Am I sane?
Am I satisfied with my present self?
Am I scaring you?
Am I scary?
Am I seeing things?
Am I seeing what I think I'm seeing?
Am I selfish?
Am I seriously the only one who isn't bilingual here?
Am I sexy?
Am I shadowbanned?
Am I shooting too high?
Am I shooting too low?
Am I showing?
Am I sick, Doctor?
Am I sick?
Am I singing that song well?
Am I skillful?
Am I slipping?
Am I smart?
Am I so different from Tom?
Am I so different from you?
Am I so different?
Am I so naive and innocent?
Am I so very different?
Am I speaking loud enough?
Am I speaking to Dr. Tom Jackson?
Am I speaking to Tom Jackson?
Am I speaking to the person in charge?
Am I speaking to the right person?
Am I speaking too fast?
Am I speaking too loud?
Am I speaking too loudly?
Am I speaking too quickly?
Am I speaking with Taylor?
Am I speaking with him?
Am I spending too much on clothes?
Am I still bleeding?
Am I still blushing?
Am I still in charge here?
Am I still married?
Am I still needed, or can I go to bed?
Am I still on the right road?
Am I still pretty?
Am I still under arrest?
Am I still welcome here?
Am I still your boyfriend?
Am I still your friend?
Am I strange or what?
Am I strange?
Am I strong enough?
Am I stuck?
Am I stupid?
Am I suffering now?
Am I sunburned?
Am I supposed to answer that question now?
Am I supposed to answer that?
Am I supposed to apologize?
Am I supposed to be afraid of you?
Am I supposed to be afraid?
Am I supposed to be at the meeting on Monday?
Am I supposed to be curious?
Am I supposed to be doing something else now?
Am I supposed to be flattered?
Am I supposed to be here?
Am I supposed to be impressed by that?
Am I supposed to be impressed?
Am I supposed to be listening?
Am I supposed to be scared of you?
Am I supposed to be shocked?
Am I supposed to be sorry?
Am I supposed to be surprised?
Am I supposed to be understanding any of this?
Am I supposed to be upset?
Am I supposed to be worried?
Am I supposed to believe all this?
Am I supposed to believe any of that?
Am I supposed to believe that you did the best you could?
Am I supposed to believe that?
Am I supposed to believe you?
Am I supposed to come, too?
Am I supposed to do anything?
Am I supposed to do something?
Am I supposed to do that?
Am I supposed to do this by myself?
Am I supposed to eat this?
Am I supposed to feel bad?
Am I supposed to give a speech or something?
Am I supposed to give this to you?
Am I supposed to go in there?
Am I supposed to go there alone?
Am I supposed to go with you?
Am I supposed to help Tom?
Am I supposed to help her?
Am I supposed to help him?
Am I supposed to help them?
Am I supposed to help you?
Am I supposed to just ignore what's happening?
Am I supposed to just take your word for it?
Am I supposed to just trust you?
Am I supposed to know how to do that?
Am I supposed to know what that means?
Am I supposed to know who he is?
Am I supposed to know who she is?
Am I supposed to know who that is?
Am I supposed to know you?
Am I supposed to leave now?
Am I supposed to memorize this?
Am I supposed to not have a problem with such people?
Am I supposed to pay you?
Am I supposed to read it right now?
Am I supposed to speak English?
Am I supposed to speak French?
Am I supposed to speak in French?
Am I supposed to stay here?
Am I supposed to stay quiet?
Am I supposed to stop?
Am I supposed to take your word for it?
Am I supposed to tell you how I feel?
Am I supposed to thank you?
Am I supposed to trust you now?
Am I supposed to wear a tie?
Am I supposed to, single-handedly, strengthened only by the mythical magic of my forebears, in heroic fashion smash his armies and save the beautiful princess from his clutches to finally deliver him to...
Am I suspected?
Am I suspended?
Am I talented?
Am I talking double Dutch?
Am I talking to myself?
Am I talking too fast for you?
Am I talking too fast?
Am I talking too loud?
Am I talking too much?
Am I talking too much? People are always telling me I do.
Am I tall enough?
Am I taller than you?
Am I taller?
Am I that bad of a father?
Am I that bad of a person?
Am I that much different from everyone else?
Am I that predictable?
Am I that scary?
Am I that selfish or he's just too naive?
Am I that selfish or he’s just too naive?
Am I that transparent?
Am I that unbearable?
Am I the asshole?
Am I the father?
Am I the first one here?
Am I the first?
Am I the last?
Am I the most humble?
Am I the one who drew that?
Am I the one you've been waiting for?
Am I the only Canadian here?
Am I the only kid in my neighborhood that doesn't go trick-or-treating?
Am I the only man here?
Am I the only man you've ever loved?
Am I the only married man here?
Am I the only one hearing this?
Am I the only one here who can speak French?
Am I the only one here who can't speak French?
Am I the only one here who doesn't know how to do this?
Am I the only one here who doesn't know what to do?
Am I the only one here who doesn't speak French?
Am I the only one here who doesn't understand French?
Am I the only one here who hasn't been to Australia?
Am I the only one here who speaks French?
Am I the only one here who thinks this room is too hot?
Am I the only one here who used to live in Boston?
Am I the only one here who uses a digital camera?
Am I the only one here with a driver's license?
Am I the only one here?
Am I the only one in a hurry?
Am I the only one left?
Am I the only one that agrees with you?
Am I the only one that doesn't agree with you?
Am I the only one that feels this way?
Am I the only one that sees the humor in this?
Am I the only one who agrees with you?
Am I the only one who can do that?
Am I the only one who can't do that?
Am I the only one who cares?
Am I the only one who didn't understand what was going on?
Am I the only one who doesn't agree with you?
Am I the only one who doesn't have to do that?
Am I the only one who doesn't know how to do that?
Am I the only one who doesn't need to do that?
Am I the only one who doesn't want to do that?
Am I the only one who has to do that?
Am I the only one who is confused?
Am I the only one who knows how to do that?
Am I the only one who knows?
Am I the only one who needs to do that?
Am I the only one who still feels a sense of unfamiliarity with the word "Surprise party"?
Am I the only one who thinks Tom sometimes looks like a girl?
Am I the only one who thinks it's a bad idea to buy Tom's old car?
Am I the only one who thinks it's kinda cool?
Am I the only one who thinks seeing two of him?
Am I the only one who thinks that person looks like Obama?
Am I the only one who thinks that this isn't right?
Am I the only one who thinks that?
Am I the only one who thinks this is not right?
Am I the only one who thinks this is strange?
Am I the only one who thinks this is too expensive?
Am I the only one who thinks this is weird?
Am I the only one who thinks this is wrong?
Am I the only one who thinks this isn't right?
Am I the only one who thought Tom and Mary were going to get married?
Am I the only one who thought Tom would be late?
Am I the only one who wants to do that?
Am I the only one who was able to do that?
Am I the only one who when going to cross a zebra crossing without traffic lights, and a car is approaching that is still pretty far away, waits for the car to arrive and stop before crossing? Such anxiety, haha.
Am I the only one who's confused?
Am I the only one worried that Tom and Mary are going to be late?
Am I the only one worried that Tom is going to be late?
Am I the only one worried that Tom will be late?
Am I the only one worried that the plan won't work?
Am I the only one?
Am I the only who isn't having any fun?
Am I the only who's not having any fun?
Am I there?
Am I thinking of garbage cans?
Am I to blame for everything?
Am I to blame for what happened?
Am I to blame?
Am I to contribute either colourful and interesting sentences or those that illustrate basic syntax?
Am I to cry or laugh?
Am I to fail of your fate?
Am I to follow you?
Am I too big?
Am I too crazy?
Am I too curious?
Am I too demanding?
Am I too drunk?
Am I too early?
Am I too fat for the airplane seat?
Am I too greedy?
Am I too heavy?
Am I too impatient?
Am I too late for dinner?
Am I too late for supper?
Am I too late, guys?
Am I too late?
Am I too loud?
Am I too noisy?
Am I too old for this?
Am I too old to learn yoga?
Am I too old to vote?
Am I too old?
Am I too picky?
Am I too short?
Am I too shy?
Am I too slow?
Am I too small?
Am I too soon?
Am I too tall?
Am I too timid?
Am I too young?
Am I ugly?
Am I under arrest?
Am I under investigation now?
Am I under investigation?
Am I under suspicion for this?
Am I under suspicion here?
Am I under suspicion?
Am I understood?
Am I useless?
Am I very nice?
Am I vulnerable?
Am I waiting in the right place?
Am I waiting in the wrong place?
Am I walking too fast?
Am I wanted?
Am I wasting my time here?
Am I wasting my time?
Am I weird?
Am I welcome here?
Am I welcome?
Am I well?
Am I what you expected?
Am I winning?
Am I working?
Am I wounded?
Am I writing in Japanese?
Am I wrong about that?
Am I wrong to think we should change everything?
Am I wrong?
Am I yelling at you?
Am I young enough?
Am I younger than you?
Am I your boyfriend or not?
Am I your first friend who's not Japanese?
Am I your friend or not?
Am I your friend?
Am I your girlfriend?
Amalia, a new hire, threatened Georg's status at the store. During her first day at work, Amalia persuaded a customer to buy one of the new musical cigarette boxes. It started a competitive and mutually despising relationship between Georg and Amalia.
Amanda agreed to have breakfast with Daniel.
Amanda already has a boyfriend.
Amanda and Jason have dark hair.
Amanda asked Rima for more makeup kits.
Amanda ate junk food and stopped taking care of her looks.
Amanda bragged about how beautiful her daughter was.
Amanda changed into her old clothes.
Amanda couldn't go even five minutes without admiring her own reflection.
Amanda deserves to date the coolest guy, James.
Amanda didn't love James's father because of his money.
Amanda didn’t understand what menstruation was.
Amanda doesn't have to date anyone for this.
Amanda dreamt of becoming a princess as a kid.
Amanda dressed up in a princess outfit.
Amanda fell asleep in the hut while James kept watch.
Amanda felt like a real queen.
Amanda found Skura crying in the locker room.
Amanda found out that her daughter had got her period.
Amanda gave up on her dream to become a model.
Amanda gleefully kissed Daniel on the cheek.
Amanda goes to the gym almost every day.
Amanda got a job as a maid at an expensive hotel.
Amanda got asked out all the time.
Amanda got on the catwalk.
Amanda had no tears or emotions left for that.
Amanda has been dating that jerk for a whole month.
Amanda has never been told about periods.
Amanda hung out with David because of his gifts.
Amanda hung up her new dress on the back of the chair.
Amanda is James's only granddaughter.
Amanda is as fake as Barbie.
Amanda is going to prom.
Amanda is not the girl she was a few months ago.
Amanda is the prettiest girl in college.
Amanda knew that all the girls were crazy about Daniel.
Amanda knows everything about menstruation.
Amanda liked another boy.
Amanda looked like a porcelain doll in a dress.
Amanda looked like a supermodel.
Amanda looked stunning.
Amanda looks the prettiest.
Amanda made Champorado for the children.
Amanda made Champorado for the kids.
Amanda made moon eyes at Daniel.
Amanda made spaghetti for the children.
Amanda made spaghetti for the kids.
Amanda moved to another town with her boyfriend.
Amanda openly stared at Rima's boyfriend.
Amanda paid for her procedures with the money David earned.
Amanda plucked up her courage and changed into a bikini.
Amanda prepared for prom.
Amanda pretended to drop her ring into the water and Daniel jumped to fish it out.
Amanda put on her cutest outfit.
Amanda put some sunscreen on her shoulders.
Amanda ran back to her room in tears.
Amanda ran to the locker room and there, she burst into tears.
Amanda realized that she wasn't her boyfriend's only girlfriend.
Amanda really felt like a princess.
Amanda should break up with that liar.
Amanda slowly took off her glasses and smiled coquettishly at Daniel.
Amanda started to work on the dress.
Amanda thanked James for installing that swing.
Amanda thinks she's a beauty queen.
Amanda told James that he was spending a lot of money on her.
Amanda took her boyfriend's hand and left with him.
Amanda turned out to be stylish and caring.
Amanda used to share this home with her deceased husband, James.
Amanda walked along the beach, crying her eyes out.
Amanda wanted to go for a ride with David.
Amanda was an obedient little girl.
Amanda was as beautiful as always.
Amanda was asking David for money for the wedding dress.
Amanda was bleeding on her period.
Amanda was crushing on an Algerian.
Amanda was jealous of Rima's long hair.
Amanda was just in labor.
Amanda was lucky to be born very beautiful.
Amanda was more beautiful in James's eyes.
Amanda was playing with her favorite doll.
Amanda was pregnant, but she was still teaching our classes.
Amanda was screaming in pain while giving birth.
Amanda was sewing clothes while singing Berber songs.
Amanda was the most beautiful girl in school.
Amanda was wearing a dumb dress.
Amanda went down to the reception and asked for sewing supplies.
Amanda went shopping to prepare for prom.
Amanda went to a girls-only school.
Amanda's and Skura's faces were identical.
Amanda, look how pretty you are!
Amar Amarni is a Kabyle artist.
Amateur artists around the world are recreating famous works of art and sharing them on social media for all to enjoy.
Amateur folklorist Si Matta focuses on gathering the stories of his ancestors from the Cascade (Watlala) Indian tribe that once lived and fished in the Columbia River Gorge.
Amateur naturalists begin their bee hunts by noting the time of day and location they are photographing.
Amateur video showed pilgrims flocking to the tomb of a local saint for its possible healing powers.
Amateurs talk strategy, professionals talk logistics.
Amayas headed to school whereas Thanina headed to her grandmother's.
Amayas is Algerian.
Amayas is an Algerian citizen.
Amayas is praying.
Amayas left for school while Thanina left for her grandmother's.
Amayas likes to eat acorns.
Amayas lives in Tikjda, which is a tourist place.
Amayas went to school while Thanina went to her grandmother's.
Amayas wrote a letter.
Amayas's father was a Berber teacher.
Amayas's mother speaks Berber.
Amayas's wife is an English teacher.
Amazed, AEneas viewed / tall structures rise, where whilom huts were found, / the streets, the gates, the bustle and the sound.
Amazement is involuntary praise.
Amazigh needs freedom.
Amazighs are amazing.
Amazing discoveries continue to be made among the famed Nazca Lines of southern Peru, and archaeologists recently revealed the never-before seen figure of a giant cat etched into a hillside in the desert.
Amazing that this sentence hasn't yet been translated into Russian.
Amazing!
Amazing! This moving a story is a first for me! It's truly an epic among epics!
Amazing! This moving a story is a first for me! It’s truly an epic among epics!
Amazing.
Amazing... I never knew that chicken could taste so good.
Amazingly heads turned to the female wolves as they began to howl. It was a sign of younger wolves.
Amazingly, the figs stayed fresh.
Amazingly, the old man recovered his health.
Amazon tribes are at risk from the coronavirus.
Amazon wants to use drones to deliver packages.
Amazon's warehouses in France were temporarily closed in a labor dispute over working conditions during the coronavirus pandemic.
Amazonas is a Brazilian state that is located in the north.
Amazonas is larger than Colombia.
Amazonia is a vast region in the north of the South American continent whose main river is the Amazon.
Ambassador John Berry told the 20th international AIDS Conference that the fight against the disease cannot be won by relegating segments of the population to the shadows.
Ambassador Mark Lippert told reporters Tuesday he feels "pretty darn good, all things considered" and expects to make a full recovery.
Ambassador-at-Large Nathan Sales, the U.S. coordinator for counterterrorism, recently visited Mozambique and South Africa to see how the United States can help “contain, degrade and defeat” the growing movement.
Ambassadors and aides from all 28 members of the European Union joined forces last week with volunteers from Casey Trees, a local conservation group, to plant trees in a Washington city park, hoping to earn goodwill and make a symbolic point with their labor.
Ambassadors are the eyes and ears of the state.
Amber Heard did not defame Johnny Depp; she was made an example of for being a bitch who stepped out of her place. There was no legal basis for claiming she defamed him.
Amber Heard didn't even name Johnny Depp in the supposedly defamatory comments.
Amber Heard fought back against her abuser; this is a good thing.
Amber Heard was deprived of her right to a fair trial in Virginia.
Amber Kusmenko and her boyfriend Louis Kofsky love New York, but they also love farming.
Amber is fossilised resin.
Amber is fossilized resin.
Amber preserves insects that get trapped in it.
Ambergris is the foundation of nearly every perfume, and in ancient times was used for spicing wine.
Ambience and appetite go hand in hand.
Ambiguity is a major problem in translation.
Ambiguous phrases in general lead to amusing interpretations.
Ambiguous phrases often beget funny interpretations.
Ambiguous phrases often lead to amusing interpretations.
Ambition drove him to murder.
Ambition gives me a nosebleed.
Ambition is one of his characteristics.
Ambition is the germ from which all growth of nobleness proceeds.
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure.
Ambition rarely moves normally. Either it comes on tiptoe or it crawls on all fours.
Ambrosius likes to eat black noodles with a few pumpkin slices.
Ambulances don't have to stop at red lights, but they usually slow down.
Ambulances started to arrive in the area, but the Israeli troops shot at them.
Ambulances were set on fire.
Ambush them at the chokepoint.
Ameera Ahmadieh is getting married in October.
Amelia Earhart was an aviatrix.
Amelia Earhart was the first woman to fly across the Atlantic solo.
Amelia almost died in childbirth.
Amelia asked Karl why he put his hand on her mouth.
Amelia began struggling, trying to get away from Felix.
Amelia continued screaming at Leon and honking her horn.
Amelia doesn't consider herself very attractive.
Amelia doesn't know why Karl was targeting her.
Amelia doesn't know why she have Karl her number.
Amelia found a better guy.
Amelia had no interest in Gunter as a woman.
Amelia immediately freaked out and began crying.
Amelia invited two of his girlfriends to her house.
Amelia is in the peristyle with Marcus, Quintus and Julia.
Amelia is not going to meet that man.
Amelia is one of Leon's female friends.
Amelia looks really pretty.
Amelia saw Karl and screamed.
Amelia screamed and cried.
Amelia screamed and honked her horn.
Amelia used to work as a maid for an old lady when she was twenty-four.
Amelia was a twenty-four year old blonde.
Amelia was able to overpower Leon.
Amelia was arrested for her naked exposure.
Amelia was presumably Lukas's girlfriend.
Amelia was promised in marriage to Karl.
Amelia was unable to bear children.
Amelia wasn't a she at all. It was a man pretending to be a woman.
Amen is not said after an unacceptable prayer.
Amen to that.
Amen, Tom.
Amen.
America abolished slavery in 1863.
America abounds in oil.
America and Russia are right about each other.
America and other colonial powers hoped for the end of the Russian Revolution.
America at its finest.
America began as a strip of land on the east coast of North America.
America bleeds credit.
America could use a left-wing party.
America did away with slavery in 1863.
America did away with slavery.
America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense, it is the other way round. Human rights invented America.
America doesn't need another centrist party; the Democrats are enough.
America fancies itself the world's freest nation.
America fancies itself the world’s freest nation.
America fits right into the rest of the history of Christianity: Roman imperialism, the Crusades, colonialism, the Inquisition, and the Native American genocide.
America had won the Revolutionary War but the country — made up of the 13 former colonies — was not fully unified yet.
America has always been a fundamentally white Christian supremacist country, despite words on paper to the contrary.
America has an elaborate system of constitutional checks and balances.
America has enemies.
America has its own Labor Day to discourage proletarian internationalism.
America has strict laws to protect human rights.
America has the world’s largest economy, and its army is the most powerful.
America has too many cars and not enough public transportation.
America has two sides, center-left and far-right. The center-left seeks harmony and makes concessions while the far-right beats its chest, scratches its armpits, grunts, and demands more concessions.
America invades and annihilates countries that are weak and small, but faced with Russia, it won't be able to do anything.
America is a continent of immigration.
America is a country of immigrants.
America is a country on the move.
America is a democratic republic.
America is a land of immigrants.
America is a large country and its people are mobile.
America is a large, friendly dog in a very small room. Every time it wags its tail, it knocks over a chair.
America is a lovely place to be, if you are here to earn money.
America is a nation that can be defined in a single word. I was in the foothills of the Himalayas with Xi Jinping.
America is a travesty.
America is ahead in space technology.
America is also a country that separates its public face from its private one.
America is also a country that separates its public motives from its private ones.
America is also a country that separates public actions and statements from private ones.
America is also a country that separates what one says and does in public from what one says and does behind closed doors.
America is an illegitimate state.
America is back!
America is bad.
America is beautiful.
America is complicated.
America is deeply sick.
America is doomed.
America is fake.
America is in the midst of a drug overdose epidemic.
America is just one giant outlet store mall.
America is made up of 50 states.
America is more divided than ever.
America is moving into a majority-minority future—one that includes Latinos who will always vote Republican.
America is my suburb.
America is not the most democratic nation.
America is often referred to as a melting pot.
America is proud of being a free country.
America is ruled by theocratic tyrants who forced their way into power against Americans' will through authoritarian means.
America is second to none in natural resources.
America is the greatest country in the world.
America is the land of opportunity.
America is the land of plenty and it’s stressing some people out.
America is the laughing stock of the world.
America is the only country that went from barbarism to decadence without civilization in between.
America is the richest and most powerful country.
America is the richest country in the world.
America is the world's self-appointed policeman.
America is very big.
America is very large.
America is very patriotic.
America isn't a country, but a continent.
America isn't a country, it's a continent.
America isn't a country. It's a continent.
America isn't just a collection of clashing interests of Red States or Blue States.
America isn't the only imperialist power.
America isn’t a country, it’s a continent.
America likes to believe that it's a classless society.
America likes to claim that it is a "classless" society.
America loves you.
America needs a left-wing party.
America needs you.
America once favored a policy of isolationism.
America owes the descendants of enslaved people reparations for their as-yet-unpaid labor.
America rules the world.
America sucks.
America today has very little in the way of a left wing, and Israel has even less of one.
America uses its economic heft to coerce rivals and allies.
America wanted, and still wants, to support the countries bordering Russia in order to destabilize it.
America was a mainly agricultural society.
America was a mistake.
America was at war in 1864.
America was built by enslaved people.
America was built on slavery and genocide.
America was discovered by Columbus in 1492.
America was discovered by Columbus.
America was founded by nerds.
America was never great.
America will solve her problems for herself.
America's Civil War lasted four years.
America's NATO allies have been shaken by Trump's harangue against them in Brussels over their underspending on defense, and his unrestrained effort to curry favor with Russian President Vladimir Putin during their meeting in Helsinki.
America's chief immunologist since 1984, Fauci has served under five presidents.
America's consumer slump will hit those around it as well.
America's economy is the largest in the world.
America's foreign debt shot past $500 billion.
America's growing interest in wine and wine culture has uncorked a new kind of real estate development, as Guy Hand reports from the Idaho wine country in the Northwest.
America's just another one of a long line of Christian hegemons, each as hypocritical as the other.
America's radioactive waste may be targeted in terrorist attacks.
America's task was to eliminate communism from the world.
America's war with Spain was over.
America, China, and Russia are competitors in imperialism.
America, at its best, is compassionate. In the quiet of American conscience, we know that deep, persistent poverty is unworthy of our nation’s promise.
America, here I come!
America, land of the slaves!
America, love it or leave it.
America, we have come so far. We have seen so much. But there is so much more to do. So tonight, let us ask ourselves — if our children should live to see the next century; if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as Ann Nixon Cooper, what change will they see? What progress will we have made? This is our chance to answer that call. This is our moment.
America, we have come so far. We have seen so much. But there is so much more to do. So tonight, let us ask ourselves, if our children should live to see the next century, if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as Ann Nixon Cooper, what change will they see? What progress will we have made?
American Allyson Felix won her 10th Olympic medal in track and field, taking bronze in the women’s 400-meter event. She has now won more Olympic track and field medals than any other woman in history.
American English isn't better than British English.
American Girl is known for their series of dolls created to encourage girls to think about who they want to be when they grow up.
American Indians have a fair historical right to claim they got a raw deal from the government.
American Jews experience poverty at roughly the same rate as other Americans.
American and British Englishes share almost all of the same grammar.
American and Canadian scientists are hoping that the 560-kilogram Orca will reunite with her family group by communicating through their unique acoustical vocal patterns.
American and Russian scientists utilized animals - mainly monkeys, chimps and dogs - in order to test each country's ability to launch a living organism into space and bring it back alive and unharmed.
American astronomer Edwin Hubble published a paper in 1924 demonstrating that M31, known then as the Andromeda Nebula, lies far outside our own galaxy.
American atrocities in Vietnam continued to shock the world.
American authorities are still unsure of the circumstances surrounding the crews' detention, Carter said, in part because they have not yet been able "to fully debrief the sailors."
American bombers attacked Japan's largest cities with napalm.
American cars are very big.
American children grow up hearing those words.
American cinema, which is the best in the world, is propelled by Jews.
American cities are not as dense as European cities.
American citizens paid for the statue's pedestal.
American cluster bombs still kill and maim people in Southeast Asia.
American companies owned almost all of Cuba's arable lands.
American conservatives are so stupid that they actually think Biden has an open border policy, rather than a far-right border policy concocted by Trump himself.
American conservatives defend Andrew Tate because they're bad people.
American conservatives love actual human traffickers like Andrew Tate.
American consumer group identifies RealPlayer as 'badware'.
American consumer group identifies RealPlayer as ’badware’.
American consumers wishing to trade their old gas guzzlers for newer, more fuel efficient vehicles now have one more reason to buy.
American corporations would rather lobby states to legalize child labor than pay their workers a single extra cent.
American demand for drugs will always create their supply.
American democracy is a kakistocratic institution.
American dream on!
American dream on.
American evangelicals lobbied for LGBTQ people to get the death penalty in Uganda, in a preview of their plans for the U.S. and the rest of the world.
American exceptionalism is a form of chauvinism.
American exceptionalism is dumb.
American farms hire a lot of undocumented workers.
American fast-food icon McDonald's on Friday marked 30 years since it first opened its doors in Moscow.
American films are more popular than those of any other country.
American films are popular all over the world.
American films are popular around the world.
American football is an exciting sport.
American football is for sissies. If you're a real man you play rugby.
American football is for sissies. If you’re a real man you play rugby.
American football is just people running into each other.
American football is just rugby with pads.
American football is like a game of chess.
American football, baseball, basketball and ice hockey are seen as the typical sports of North America.
American forces announced the completion of their mission in Iraq.
American forces failed to take control over all of Afghanistan.
American forces were withdrawn.
American gambling mogul Steve Wynn has finalized a deal with authorities in Macao to build a lavish resort and casino on the Chinese territory.
American generals believed they could win an easy victory.
American hegemony is waning.
American houses are big and they keep getting bigger.
American houses are big. And they keep getting bigger.
American humor is often based on exaggeration.
American imperialists, in their attempt to break and disorganise the forces of the defenders of peace, democracy and socialism, have established firm contact with the imperialists of the Marshall Plan countries, where they export not only weapons and thrillers, rotten canned food and bubble gum, but also the insights of their "philosophers".
American industry makes various attempts to find and encourage brilliant students from abroad.
American jazz impresario George Wein turned 80 years old this month, but age isn't slowing down this globe-trotting music promoter. His pioneering series of jazz festivals, which started with private and public events in the 1950s in Newport, Rhode Island, and continue with this week's (Oct 28–30) Warsaw Jazz Festival in Poland, are credited with bringing the music festival concept to popular music. Year after year, they've also been showcasing the world's best jazz musicians, who readily praise Mr. Wein for his contributions to jazz.
American kids don't learn enough about China.
American kids don't learn enough about India.
American kids don't learn enough about Iran.
American kids don't learn enough.
American kitchens are much bigger than Japanese ones.
American mangoes aren't very good.
American mangoes taste terrible; I can't eat them.
American manufacturers have added more than 500,000 jobs since January 2012, the strongest period of job growth since 1989.
American media doesn't get more mainstream than FOX News.
American medical fees are very high.
American military recruitment rates are down because this generation isn't as indoctrinated as previous ones.
American movies are popular all around the world.
American movies are popular all over the world.
American movies are popular around the world.
American neocolonial Christian groups push extreme anti-gay policies in Africa.
American news stories always refer to "The Japanese" no matter who is being talked about.
American oil companies are hungry for your money.
American parents are willing to say good things about their children in public.
American politics are interesting to watch, especially during a presidential election.
American politics as a whole are skewed to the right.
American rap often talks of crime, and life on the mean streets of America's urban ghettoes.
American researcher Ellie Cutright works with African giant pouched rats that are trained to detect landmines.
American researchers have developed an AI system to automatically generate sentences for the purpose of composing poems! The system was trained using a text collection from approximately 12,000 e-books (around 80 million sentences), mostly about fiction.
American researchers have reported progress in learning how the ancient traditional Chinese method of acupuncture fights pain and other conditions. During acupuncture, very small, sharp needles are placed in the skin at targeted points on the body. Bruce Rosen presented an acupuncture study at a meeting of the American Psychosomatic Society in Orlando, Florida. Doctor Rosen is with the Harvard Medical School in Boston, Massachusetts.
American restaurants can pay their workers below minimum wage because they are expected to make it up in tips. So if you don't tip in America, you're asking someone to do labor for you without even the bare minimum compensation.
American right-wingers like Tucker Carlson readily admit to seeing the current U.S. as the Weimar Republic, which means they view themselves as the new Nazis.
American robins aren't closely related to the European ones.
American schools have devolved into mere daycare centers.
American senior citizens are comparatively well-off.
American singer Mariah Carey is known as the Elusive Chanteuse.
American songs were on the air.
American southerners speak in a drawling voice.
American students are falling behind in math.
American sunscreen options are goopier than their European counterparts.
American swimmer Michael Phelps set a world record in the 200-meter individual medley on Sunday, touching the wall in one minute, 57.94 seconds.
American teachers are sworn to fight against the truth of Time Cube.
American tourists returning home will be permitted to bring up to 100 cigars and several bottles of rum.
American troops stayed in Nicaragua until 1933.
American women didn't have the right to vote.
American women didn’t have the right to vote.
American workers began to protest.
American-British relations showed improvement.
American-style pizzas are covered with cheese, but not Neapolitan-style pizzas.
Americans accumulated their trade deficits by living far beyond their means.
Americans admire Lincoln for his honesty.
Americans always smile.
Americans appear unsettled and uncontrolled to Japanese.
Americans are all ears when people say something.
Americans are all heading north to the land of opportunity.
Americans are always smiling.
Americans are arrogant.
Americans are becoming more adventurous in their food choices.
Americans are being screwed.
Americans are celebrating Thanksgiving Thursday as they traditionally do—gathering with family and friends around tables groaning with food, watching parades and football games and, for many, starting their holiday shopping.
Americans are celebrating the death of Osama bin Laden.
Americans are celebrating the start of the Memorial Day weekend by hitting the roads and skies as they seek to cast off more than a year of pandemic restrictions and try to resume a sense of normalcy.
Americans are chumps.
Americans are dumb.
Americans are dummies.
Americans are dupes.
Americans are facing an unprecedented shortage of paper and cleaning products, especially disinfectants, hand sanitizers and wipes.
Americans are fat.
Americans are foolish.
Americans are frank enough to say what they think.
Americans are friendly and approachable.
Americans are friendly.
Americans are generous and strong and decent, not because we believe in ourselves, but because we hold beliefs beyond ourselves. When this spirit of citizenship is missing, no government program can replace it. When this spirit is present, no wrong can stand against it.
Americans are generous.
Americans are gullible.
Americans are having fewer babies.
Americans are idiots.
Americans are ignorant.
Americans are imprudent.
Americans are insane.
Americans are kind people.
Americans are marrying later and having fewer children in general.
Americans are more likely to vote yes on measures granting unlimited abortion than they are on measures that set limits on when it can occur.
Americans are naive.
Americans are not like Japanese, in that for Japanese, intellectuality does not exclude sexuality, but for Americans, geekiness seems asexual.
Americans are obsessed with guns.
Americans are optimists.
Americans are putzes.
Americans are religious fanatics.
Americans are said to regard the amount of money a man makes as a criterion of his ability.
Americans are silly.
Americans are simpletons.
Americans are slow-witted.
Americans are strange.
Americans are suckers.
Americans are tall.
Americans are tired of Republicans' bullshit.
Americans are tired of Republicans' constant histrionics.
Americans are twice as likely to buy products by companies that have been outspoken in favor of LGBTQ rights.
Americans are uneducated.
Americans are very friendly people.
Americans are wage slaves.
Americans are weird.
Americans are worried that illegal migrants are threatening the nation's culture and economy.
Americans aren't right in the head.
Americans buy a lot of Japanese cars.
Americans buy too much.
Americans call foolish persons turkeys.
Americans call football soccer.
Americans call it the Vietnam War; the Vietnamese call it the American War.
Americans called frankfurters "dachshund sausages."
Americans can be really provincial.
Americans can be very competitive.
Americans can't handle actual Chinese food.
Americans constitute 5% of the world's population but consume 24% of the world's energy.
Americans could be really provincial.
Americans descend from immigrants, and they are very patriotic.
Americans distrust their own government.
Americans don't bring freedom and democracy with them.
Americans don't measure with the liter.
Americans dream.
Americans eat a lot of meat.
Americans eat lots of wheat, rye and other grains.
Americans eat lots of wheat, rye, and other grains.
Americans eat special foods on Thanksgiving.
Americans embrace and discover different cultures through their cuisine.
Americans evacuated from Wuhan and cruise ships were housed on military bases while doctors evaluated them for signs of the coronavirus.
Americans get a day off work on October 12 to celebrate Columbus Day.
Americans hate music, but love entertainment.
Americans have a duty not to add to an already anxious time by spreading misinformation that could alarm others.
Americans have great imagination when inventing names.
Americans have long been drawn to big, open spaces, so perhaps it’s no surprise that houses built in the United States are among the most expansive on the planet.
Americans have lost their confidence in Toyota.
Americans have lost their trust in Toyota.
Americans have the right to bear arms.
Americans have to spend hours figuring out their taxes.
Americans increasingly recognize the risks climate change poses to their everyday lives and livelihoods and are beginning to respond.
Americans like football in the same way that Japanese like baseball.
Americans liked what they heard from Franklin Roosevelt.
Americans live in the U.S.
Americans live in the United States.
Americans love Mexican food.
Americans love exaggeration and that is no exaggeration.
Americans love their Super Bowl parties.
Americans love their flag.
Americans make flat hamburgers, spaniards make round meatballs.
Americans may regard shy people as less capable than those who are not shy.
Americans need a visa to travel to China.
Americans on the whole are a talkative people.
Americans overwhelmingly support abortion and oppose restrictions on it.
Americans participate in most sports.
Americans pay both federal taxes and state taxes.
Americans seem to have a unique tendency to express themselves by the bumper stickers on their cars.
Americans simply had no desire to fight.
Americans soundly rejected this nonsense when they voted out President Trump.
Americans spend $48 billion a year on what's known as "Complementary Alternative Medicine." This includes everything from vitamins and herbal supplements, to acupuncture, massage therapy, and even coffee enemas. None of it is covered by medical insurance. Most of it is not regulated by the government, and nearly all of it is scorned by the traditional medical establishment in the United States. But, the popularity of alternative medicine is growing. Some say it's because alternative medicine works. Others blame the trend on the increasingly impersonal nature of America's traditional healthcare system.
Americans spend most of their lives working, being productive.
Americans spend much of their free time at home.
Americans stole some islands and sold their people's native language.
Americans tend to exaggerate.
Americans tend to feel so defined by their choices that having an abundance of options can make the weight of each decision, no matter how insignificant, feel more burdensome.
Americans treat politics like a sport and sports like politics.
Americans treat politics like a sport.
Americans under the age of eighteen aren't allowed to vote in presidential elections.
Americans used to treat politics like a sport; today, we treat it like a video game.
Americans vote for a new president every four years.
Americans voted on November 2, 2004.
Americans want their borders protected.
Americans wanted to impose the idea that a book or a movie should be considered the same as any commercial object. For they understood that besides the army, diplomacy and trade there is also a cultural war. It's a battle they intend to win both for noble reasons -- the United States has always felt that its values ​​are universal -- and less noble ones: the education of minds is the best way to sell American products. Consider that cinema represents their most important export, ahead of weapons, aerospace or computers! Hence their desire to impose English as a global language. Even if we can observe for the last two decades a decline in their influence.
Americans were never banned from traveling to other countries over the Iraq War.
Americans were shocked and afraid.
Americans who are over sixty-five make up 12.5% of the total population.
Americans who had money were afraid to invest it.
Americans who love sushi are not in short supply.
Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been a collection of Red States and Blue States: we are, and always will be, the United States of America.
Americans will always do the right thing — after exhausting all the alternatives.
Americans will celebrate Independence Day on Sunday with a new Statue of Liberty — again sent by France to celebrate freedom and shared democratic values, at a time of warming transatlantic ties.
Americans will measure with anything but the metric system.
Americans will smile and shake your hand as they stab you in the back.
Americans would have responded differently from Japanese.
Americans would respect you more if you did not patronize their culture and language.
Americans, in general, don't like to dress up.
Americans, in general, don’t like to dress up.
Americans, on the other hand, are more likely to take chances in the hope of achieving great success.
Americans, on the whole, are a talkative people.
Americans, on the whole, are talkative people.
America’s Civil War lasted four years.
America’s affluent class is bigger than ever, with more disposable income to treat itself to indulgences like massages, manicures, pedicures, and personal trainers.
America’s capitalistic system brims with economic possibilities but is stacked to favor the powerful and rich.
America’s consumer slump will hit those around it as well.
America’s credit-driven capitalist model has suffered a warning heart attack and needs a total rethink.
America’s economy is the largest in the world.
America’s first president, George Washington, gave the shortest inaugural address.
America’s foreign debt shot past $500 billion.
America’s immigration system is broken.
America’s immigration system is broken. Too many employers game the system by hiring undocumented workers and there are 11 million people living in the shadows. Neither is good for the economy or the country.
America’s radioactive waste may be targeted in terrorist attacks.
America’s retailers are taking notice now that millennials have overtaken aging baby boomers as the country’s largest living generation of adults.
America’s small businesses are essential to strengthening our national economy.
America’s war with Spain was over.
Americo Carrillo, the architect who will oversee the work, described the church as "a gem from Peru's colonial era."
Amerindian languages are full of interesting intricacies.
Amharic is a Semitic language.
Amharic is not an easy language.
Amharic, Arabic, and Hebrew are Semitic languages.
Ami frowned in a very un-amused way as I brushed her off with a laugh.
Ami, what are you doing?
Amid speculation that the party is headed for a schism, participants at the meeting resolved to maintain the party's unity and integrity.
Amid stalls of vegetables and cheap clothes, party faithful push campaign flyers at Saint-Denis’ weekly market near the French capital under scudding clouds. Some shoppers brush past, unconvinced by the political offers. Others accept the colorful manifestos, stuffing them between bags of cassavas and oranges.
Amid the growing number of Zoom, Skype and other video interviews happening lately, a new form of entertainment has emerged: Judging the interior of other people's homes.
Amid the hustle and bustle of the city, Bostonians can find a small piece of country life at the weekly City Hall Farmers' Market.
Amid the waves is seen / an island, sacred to the Nereids' queen / and Neptune, lord of the AEgean wave, / which, floating once, Apollo fixed between / high Myconos and Gyarus, and gave / for man's resort, unmoved the blustering winds to brave.
Amid thunderous applause, Mary rose from her seat and walked on stage.
Amida Buddha is different from the historical Gautama Buddha and the futuristic Maitreya Buddha. In the Pure Land sect, adherents repeat the name of Amida, so that they will attain, after they die, Pure Land, a world which is free of sickness and where it is easier to attain Enlightenment than on Earth.
Amidship of the boat was a box or chest about the bigness of a middle-sized traveling trunk, but covered all over with cakes of sand and dirt.
Amidst the chaos, he instantly realized the pointlessness of it all.
Amidst the chaos, the virus spread rapidly.
Amidst the swinging of censers by the priests, the bride and bridegroom joined hands and received the bishop's blessing.
Amiens is north of Paris.
Amines are nitrogenous compounds.
Aming said he couldn't poop for ten days, so he went to find a doctor. The doctor said there wasn't any problem, and just advised him to eat more vegetables.
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins.
Amira is a Moroccan citizen.
Amish people don't pay National Insurance contributions.
Amish romance novels have become popular lately.
Amit is a psytrance artist.
Amit was asked a question, but he chose not to answer.
Amman is Jordan's capital.
Amman is the capital of Jordan.
Ammonia is a base.
Ammonia is a colorless liquid or gas with a very strong smell.
Ammonia is often found in cleaning products.
Ammonium carbonate is an organic compound.
Ammunition is expensive.
Amnesia is a partial or total loss of memory.
Amnesia is the partial or complete loss of memory.
Amnesia is when you have memory loss.
Amnesia means "loss of memory".
Amnesty International campaigner was banned by the Israeli authorities from traveling around the West Bank.
Amnesty International claims that Facebook and Google abuse human rights because of overly aggressive collection of user data.
Amnesty International often organizes public protests in support of political prisoners.
Amnesty International said the drop in executions was driven by growing aversion to the death penalty around the world, in particular in sub-Saharan Africa where 20 countries have abolished the practice and others are taking steps to repeal it.
Amnesty International said the trial of Sergei Magnitsky, assassinated in a Russian prison, would "open a whole new chapter in Russia's worsening human rights record".
Amniocentesis is usually conducted at 16 weeks gestation and involves taking fluid from the amniotic sac surrounding the developing fetus by inserting a hollow needle into the mother's uterus.
Amnir was his name?
Amodio credits his father for pushing him to take the test for the show he said he has watched his whole life.
Amodio described the amount of information available on the site as “unfathomable.”
Amodio is a fifth-year doctoral candidate in computer science at the Ivy League university in New Haven, Connecticut.
Amodio said reading is the key to his knowledge, specifically the online free encyclopedia Wikipedia.
Amodio's streak ended Monday when he answered a clue incorrectly in Final Jeopardy.
Amoebic dysentery is a type of diarrheal disease that affects millions around the globe annually. Passed around by contaminated water, amoebas get into people's intestines, causing bloody diarrhea. If left untreated, these single-cell organisms can eventually perforate the intestines, spread throughout the body and kill the host. As Rose Hoban reports, researchers are learning more about the amoeba's ability to outwit the body's immune system.
Among Daphnis's other gifts was some fragrant Lesbian wine of exquisite flavour.
Among Gen Zers (18 to 24 years old), three-quarters said they felt the United States is more divided than before.
Among New Zealand’s endangered insects is the iconic Wētā. They are one of the South Pacific nation’s most recognizable creatures with their large bodies, spiny legs, and curved tusks.
Among all cheeses, the one that I like is Camembert. I love its smell because it makes me nostalgic.
Among all his books, he liked that one the best.
Among all the Greeks surrounding Troy, Achilles was the bravest.
Among all the men, there aren't many who know how to handle a sword other than him.
Among all the world's races, some obscure Bedouin tribes possibly apart, Americans are the most prone to misinformation.
Among all your gibes, "turkey neck" is the most cutting.
Among familiars, the merest hint suffices each to know what's going on.
Among field flowers the most noted are the May Lily, the Ground Ivy, the Bluebottle, Camomile and so on; and among herbs, Trefoil, Wormwood, Sorrel, the Nettle and so forth.
Among field flowers the most noted are the May Lily, the Ground Ivy, the Cornflower, Camomile and so on; and among herbs, Trefoil, Wormwood, Sorrel, the Nettle and so forth.
Among her classmates, Mary is the laziest.
Among her current projects are several that focus on improving healthcare in Africa and advancing technology in developing countries.
Among her graduation gifts were a new saddle, halter and riding boots.
Among his most important achievements were his reforms of the education system in France with the establishment of the "grandes écoles ".
Among his musical works are a dozen operas and operettas.
Among his novels, I like this best.
Among human beings, the subjection of women is much more complete at a certain level of civilisation than it is among savages. And the subjection is always reinforced by morality.
Among married couples, there has been an increase in divorce and separation with the result that there are many more one-parent families.
Among millions of chess players around the world, just over 1500 currently hold the title of Grand Master.
Among modern novels, this is the best.
Among my acquaintances are many Japanese-speaking Americans.
Among my cousins, you know, there's a girl with the most enormous breasts.
Among my cousins, you know, there’s a girl with the most enormous breasts.
Among my fondest memories of being a kid back in the 1960’s was taking a week or so of summer vacation to visit relatives at my grandfather’s farm in Herman, PA (about 65 km northeast of Pittsburgh).
Among my friends, I trust only Tom.
Among my friends, not one knows how to speak Latin.
Among other measures, the stimulus package will allow business owners to get cheaper loans.
Among other things, I don't know the recent members, nor their new songs at all.
Among other things, carats are a measure of gold's fineness.
Among other things, carats are a measure of gold’s fineness.
Among other things, he has an eye for good pictures.
Among other things, the grandmothers play bingo.
Among other things, we talked about the weather.
Among others things, a lied by Schubert was played.
Among others things, a song by Schubert was played.
Among our employees he's recognized as a towering figure.
Among our employees he’s recognized as a towering figure.
Among our friends, there are Serbs and Croats and Muslims.
Among people my age, I'm the only one without a phone.
Among so many actions committed by dictators, we can mention that: they suspend political activity, they suspend the rights of workers, they forbid strikes, they destroy the Supreme Court of Justice, they shutdown nighttime places of business, they censor the mass media, they burn thousands of books and magazines considered dangerous.
Among some who have read Blackstone and more who have not an opinion prevails that a husband may chastise his wife provided the weapon be not thicker than his little finger.
Among sundry conventional decorations after the old German fashion in the first edition of the "Quadrupeds," there are a fair number of those famous tail-pieces which, to a good many people, constitute Bewick's chief claim to immortality.
Among the 2,917 aircrew who served in the RAF during the Battle of Britain, 2,334 were British, 145 were Poles, 126 New Zealanders, 98 Canadians, 88 Czechs, 33 Australians, 29 Belgians, 25 South Africans, 13 Frenchmen, 11 Americans, and 10 Irishmen.
Among the 22 thoroughbreds being cared for at the barn is Covert Action, grandson of the legendary 1973 Triple Crown champion Secretariat, who was dubbed "America's Super Horse."
Among the 250 shark species that may be threatened by the fin trade are hammerheads, the plankton-eating basking shark and the spiny dogfish.
Among the Internet sites that publish information on education related businesses are those given below.
Among the Uighurs, a "Naming Celebration" is held after a child is given a name.
Among the atrocities committed during the war were murder, rape and mutilation.
Among the audience, there were students, teachers, clerks, and so on.
Among the audience, there were teachers, lawyers, engineers, and so on.
Among the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
Among the critics are those who think that the objective set for the European Central Bank is not appropriate.
Among the difficulties, you will find the opportunities.
Among the divisors of 90, how many numbers are not divisible by 9?
Among the familiar things that he would encounter would be creatures recognizably human yet in his view grotesque. While he himself laboured under the weight of his own body, these giants would be easily striding. He would consider them very sturdy, often thick-set, folk, but he would be compelled to allow them grace of movement and even beauty of proportion. The longer he stayed with them the more beauty he would see in them, and the less complacently would he regard his own type. Some of these fantastic men and women he would find covered with fur, hirsute, or mole-velvet, revealing the underlying muscles. Others would display brown, yellow or ruddy skin, and yet others a translucent ash-green, warmed by the under-flowing blood. As a species, though we are all human, we are extremely variable in body and mind, so variable that superficially we seem to be not one species but many.
Among the findings are well-preserved paintings, funerary objects, sacred oil jars, and symbolic limestone gates to the afterlife.
Among the five of us, he's surely the one who can speak the most languages.
Among the five of us, he’s surely the one who can speak the most languages.
Among the five of us, she, without a doubt, speaks the most languages.
Among the five of us, surely he's the one who speaks the most languages.
Among the food crops that can be made into fuels are: maize, palm trees, sugarcane, beetroot, wheat, groundnuts, pumpkin, sesame and cotton seeds, and the woody shrub called jatropha.
Among the gangsters he went by Dan.
Among the gifts Tom received that day was a black puppy.
Among the good things of the mind, wisdom holds the first place.
Among the great composers who were alive when Verdi was a little boy were: Beethoven, Schubert, Berlioz and Schumann.
Among the guests invited to the party were two foreign ladies.
Among the guests were the mayor and his wife.
Among the guests were two foreign women.
Among the industrialised nations, only Japan has an older demographic than Italy.
Among the invited guests were Tom and Mary.
Among the items found in the purse was the photo of a man.
Among the kelp blades live a variety of fish - particularly juveniles.
Among the languages I learn, the ones I find most difficult are Latin, Romanian and Toki Pona.
Among the manufacturers of so-called consumer electronics, there's ruthless, cut-throat competition.
Among the many questions scientists are trying to answer are whether Mars has liquid water and how the solar system was formed.
Among the many stories of World War Two, Nazi Germany's Siege of Leningrad — the Soviet city now known as Russia's Saint Petersburg — stands among the most harrowing.
Among the most common measures being taken around the globe is the requirement that government employees be vaccinated in order to remain in their jobs.
Among the most notable flowers, at the start of Spring, are the Violet, the Crow-tree, the Daffodil, then the Lilies, white and yellow, and blue; and Clove-gillow flowers, and so on.
Among the new ideas was one especially captivating in its novelty.
Among the noted works on display, spanning from the late nineteenth to early 20th centuries, are Henri Matisse's "Purple Robe and Anemones" and Camille Pissarro's "The Highway."
Among the objects found in the handbag was the photo of a certain man.
Among the paintings of Claude Monet is one titled "Lilac Irises" and another called "Iris Mauve."
Among the participants, President Shimon Peres was conspicuous by his absence.
Among the people of the colonies suffering under Earth's tyranny a force emerges intending to overthrow the status quo through terrorism.
Among the people of the colonies suffering under Earth’s tyranny a force emerges intending to overthrow the status quo through terrorism.
Among the people, rebellious sentiments are growing.
Among the preliminary findings: women with dense breasts have a greater proportion of epithelium, that is, tissue composed of cells that line the milk and duct glands.
Among the products of this region, cotton predominates.
Among the project’s early adopters is the Pacific Island nation of Palau. The country has one of the richest fishing grounds in the world, one that it wants to protect.
Among the raindrops trickling down her cheeks were a few tears.
Among the reactionary theories of a fascist character, placed at the service of imperialism, the notorious Malthusian theory of the overpopulation of the globe occupies a prominent place.
Among the refugees there are many children.
Among the rest, the most able are: the ever watchful Crane, the mournful turtle dove, the cuckoo, the stock dove, the woodpecker, the jay, the crow and so on.
Among the senior non-commissioned officers are the warrant officer, chief warrant officer, and major, who ensure discipline and the transmission of military expertise.
Among the sources of wealth in Tafilet we may name very fine sheep, whose beautifully white wool makes very pretty coverlets, oxen, first-rate horses, donkeys, and mules.
Among the students, he had a lot of fans.
Among the things found were umbrellas, shoes, and handkerchiefs.
Among the thousands of known weed species, only eight or 10 are known to induce allergies. Many species of weeds, however, have become resistant to herbicides. And that means more money will be needed for health and agricultural research, including new and safer methods of controlling weeds.
Among the three of them, Ken runs the fastest.
Among the top contenders for a trophy or two is Kinsey, a biographical film by director Bill Condon, based on the controversial life of sex researcher Alfred Kinsey.
Among the wind instruments, the aboriginal didgeridoo made of eucalyptus was his favorite.
Among them, which one is her daughter?
Among these there may be new sources of food fish and new species of other creatures.
Among these views, the second one is of importance.
Among those arrested was Tom.
Among those present was our principal.
Among those present was the Mayor.
Among those present, only Tom knew the answer.
Among those who dance to the same warmongering tune is an English Weismannist-Morganist by the name of Faucet, who says that if no form of birth control is introduced, humanity is left with only one remedy, namely "to appeal to the ancient trinity: war, disease and hunger."
Among those who played video games, watched TV or worked on a computer up to six hours per day, there was a small increase in delinquency of half of 1 percent, a 1.7 percent increase in depressive symptoms and a 1.2 percent negative impact on school grades.
Among us today a concentration of private power without equal in history is growing.
Among very old dogs, up to two thirds of them show signs of dementia.
Among weapons, laws are silent.
Among wild ducks, it seems there are homosexual necrophiliacs.
Among works competing for prizes are U.S. director Tanya Wexler's "Hysteria" about the invention of the vibrator in Victorian England; "Hotel Lux" by German director Leander Haussmann; and psycho-thriller "Babycall" by Norwegian director Pal Sletaune.
Amongst Chinese, perhaps Hong Kong is "ground zero" for the Xtian explosion, as Xtianity extends to other parts of the mainland.
Amongst Christian sects, Roman Catholicism attracts more Japanese, but most Japanese do not really interest themselves in Christianity, generally. Maybe, Roman Catholicism has more aesthetic value than other sects.
Amongst South Asian languages, I prefer Pali, Sanskrit, and Hindi. Pali is for the study of Southern Buddhism. Sanskrit is for the study of Northern Buddhism and Hinduism. Hindi is important in India, and I wonder how good is science fiction written in Hindi. I saw the sci-fi movie Prometheus dubbed in Hindi, which was fascinating.
Amongst a succession of restraints self-imposed by the live event industry to help defend against the spread of the coronavirus, one entertainment company has announced that it will be broadcasting live content of its artists free of charge for a limited time to help make time a little more enjoyable using the power of entertainment.
Amongst sci-fi authors, Arthur C. Clarke and Samuel R. Delany did not write about a future big war on just Earth, but Delany wrote a story that entailed a damaging war between Earth and its colonies elsewhere in the Solar System.
Amongst the treasures of the royal palace which were sent to Samarqand were “many articles of rare Chinese workmanship, vessels inlaid with gold, saddles, brocades, and other objects of art.”
Amos Oz was one of the most widely read Israeli writers in the world.
Ampere per meter is the SI unit of magnetic field strength. Its symbol is A/m.
Amphibians and reptiles are an example of tetrapods.
Amphibians have lungs.
Amphibians, which include frogs, toads, and salamanders, are cold-blooded, or poikilothermic, meaning they regulate their body temperature through external sources rather than by internal metabolism.
Amphitheatres are not usually covered with a roof.
Amphitheatres are not usually roofed.
Amphitheatres are usually roofless.
Amphitheatres are usually uncovered.
Amphitheatres are usually unroofed.
Amphitheatres don't normally have a roof.
Amphitheatres don't usually have a roof.
Amphitheatres normally don't have a roof.
Amplicons are pieces of DNA.
Amputation is needed.
Amscray!
Amsterdam is a bike-friendly city.
Amsterdam is a popular destination for tourists.
Amsterdam is amazing!
Amsterdam is famous for its canals.
Amsterdam is the capital of the Netherlands and its largest city. It is located at the confluence of the Amstel River and the IJsselmeer, which forms a wide lake in that country.
Amsterdam is the capital of the Netherlands.
Amsterdam was built around the year 1200. It used to be just a place for fishing.
Amsterdam was called "Mokem Alef" in Western Yiddish.
Amy Coney Barrett is a member of a weird religious cult that demands total female submission to men, so she should be removed from office and replaced with someone who answers to no one.
Amy Coney Barrett lied in her confirmation hearing and should be removed from office.
Amy Goodman is a courageous woman.
Amy Russell hopes her 12,000-kilometer, two-year long trek across Africa will raise money for and awareness of the need for clean water.
Amy likes to eat chocolate.
Amy looked at me smiling.
Amy made an effort to stand up.
Amy needs rest.
Amy walks to the station every morning.
Amy wants something new to wear.
Amy worked in the yard last Saturday.
Amy's birthday was in October.
Amy, a cook at the Vietnamese restaurant, does not like reading and writing English. Maybe, she thinks that the language is unhealthy.
Amy, you should marry him!
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is a neurodegenerative disease that affects the nervous system, causing progressive and irreversible motor paralysis.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, better known as ALS, is a rare but devastating neuromuscular condition with no known cure which is nearly always fatal.
Amédée Bollée built one of the first steam-powered automobiles in 1873.
An "8" was placed below the clef sign.
An "experience" is a nightmare in preterite tense.
An 18-year-old male is in hospital after an altercation at a party last night.
An 84-year-old pole vaulter reaches new heights.
An 86-year-old Japanese woman, who travels every year to Britain or the U.S. to improve her English, says: “I’ll do what I can while I’m still full of vitality.”
An A-bomb is a terrible weapon.
An Afghan is a citizen of Afghanistan.
An Afghani soldier makes 200 dollars a month. A Taliban member makes up to 400 dollars.
An African in Arkhangelsk... can you imagine that?
An African proverb says to Europeans: "You, you have the watch and us, we have the time!" Well done, Africa!
An African-American teenager from Louisiana has won the National Spelling Bee.
An Alagoano is someone who was born or who lives in the Brazilian state of Alagoas, whose capital is Maceio.
An Alaskan man awoke to find a lynx family on his deck.
An Alaskan town recently elected an entire team of sled dogs as its city councilors.
An Algerian company won the contract.
An Algerian gentleman was sitting at the table.
An Algerian is a person who comes from Algeria.
An Algerian is a person who lives in Algeria.
An Algerian is not a Kabyle and the opposite is true. Hence the hatred of the Algerians towards the Kabyles, and this will never change as long as the Kabyle is Kabyle.
An Algerian judge approved the warrant for his arrest.
An Algerian movie was made based on his story.
An Algerian scientific team surveyed the area.
An Algerian won the race.
An American Government cannot permit Americans to starve.
An American Indian is more properly called a Native American.
An American alligator chomps a snowy egret at the St. Augustine Alligator Farm Zoological Park in Florida.
An American artist is using a unique glass thread technique to create beautiful luminous glass vessels.
An American company based in Colorado recently demonstrated a new method by which it will be possible to recycle and speed up old computers, in effect transforming them into current machines.
An American company began offering brown-toned slippers last year, and last month, Britain's oldest ballet apparel supplier began offering shoes made to better match the skin color of nonwhite dancers.
An American delegation led by Chief of Staff General John Kelly and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joe Dunford visited the Aisne-Marne American Cemetery and Memorial under gray skies and drizzle, paying respect to the nearly 2,300 war dead buried at the site of the June 1918 Battle of Belleau Wood.
An American from Chicago can speak with an Australian accent after he visited Perth in Australia.
An American holds the world record.
An American number is required to use this app.
An American ounce is 28 grams.
An American politician reportedly said: "All I know is what is on the internet."
An American skydiver has survived a 7,600-meter jump from an airplane, although he did not use a parachute.
An American spoke to me at the station.
An American think tank has suggested that there may be another war in the Middle-East soon.
An American will do anything to succeed, even kill.
An Arabic script for Malayalam was widely used by Keralan Muslims until the 20th century.
An Australian family has reclaimed their world record by stringing up more than half a million Christmas lights around their suburban home.
An Australian military helicopter landed on the beach and gave the men food and water.
An Australian mining company says it could start exploring for coal seam gas next year beneath the country's most populous city, Sydney.
An Australian researcher has developed a new first-aid technique that could save shark attack victims from a fatal loss of blood in the crucial moments after the attack.
An EMT put a bandage on Tom's cut.
An ENERGY STAR clothes washer uses about 70 percent less energy and 75 percent less water than a standard washer used 20 years ago.
An Earth without plastic bags would be a better place.
An Earth-like planet, which is believed to have conditions which would support life as we know it, has been discovered 500 light years from earth.
An East Asian dictionary is like a vintage junk store.
An Emirati would never give up a family tradition.
An English language students' magazine has invited readers to submit an article on the theme of culture shock.
An English-Japanese dictionary is surely a must have book, not just for those taking TOEIC, but for all studying English.
An Englishman is an alien in the United States.
An Englishman would act in a different way.
An Englishman would not pronounce it like that.
An Englishman would not use such a word.
An Englishman's home is his castle.
An Englishman, a Belgian and a Dutchman enter a pub and sit down at the counter. Says the barkeeper, "Wait a minute, is this a joke or what?"
An Englishman, a Scotsman, an Irishman, a Welshman, a Gurkha, a Latvian, a Turk, an Aussie, a German, an American, an Egyptian, a Japanese, a Mexican, a Spaniard, a Russian, a Pole, a Lithuanian, a Jordanian, a Kiwi, a Swede, a Finn, an Israeli, a Romanian, a Bulgarian, a Serb, a Swiss, a Greek, a Singaporean, an Italian, a Norwegian, an Argentinian, a Libyan and a South African went to a night club. The bouncer said: "Sorry, I can't let you in without a Thai."
An Englishman’s home is his castle.
An Esperantist is one who knows Esperanto and uses it.
An Executive Order trumps everything else.
An F-14 is a U.S. Air Force plane.
An F-5 tornado swept across the state.
An FBI agent is following him.
An FBI sting operation recorded Yanni conspiring to kill Skura.
An I will give to thee, and to thy seed, the land of thy sojournment, all the land of Canaan, for a perpetual possession, and I will be their God.
An ICANN domain signifies an IP address to a DNS server.
An IQ score of 100 is considered average.
An Indian buyer and a Japanese businessman haggled over the price of the new product.
An Indian colleague of mine sent in an article to a science journal in Canada.
An Internet lawyer told MSNBC he found chatty teens blissfully sharing their addresses, cellphone numbers, and even class schedules online. All the while, some of their parents, according to this safety expert, were, to use his word, completely "clueless" that any of this was going on.
An Iranian state TV network’s unusual decision to censor the crest of Italian football club AS Roma has helped the club attract a big following of Iranian fans to its new Persian Twitter account.
An Irish girl is writing.
An Islamist is a zealous religious who wants to apply his religion to others and everywhere in the world! Whoever tells you the opposite is manipulating you!
An Israeli soldier was peeking in through the window.
An Italian librarian has been convicted in the theft of the collection that includes such priceless texts such as the first editions of scientific manuals by Galileo and Copernicus.
An MP3 file is an audio file.
An NAR survey of its commercial members found that 84% of respondents are using the same amount of office space as before the pandemic, but 11% reported a decrease in office space.
An Olympic boxing champion buys a very expensive jacket. He comes to the Olympic village and leaves his jacket in a dressing room with a sign saying "You take the jacket, I kill you. Olympic boxing champion." In an hour he comes back to see his jacket gone, and another sign: "You catch me first. Olympic running champion."
An Olympic gold medal is probably the most coveted sporting prize.
An Olympic test event to evaluate COVID-19 safety protocols for the upcoming Tokyo Games has won praise from the head of the world governing body of track and field.
An RCMP officer who was injured is now recovering at home.
An RV was just not a regular thing to see in the area.
An SMS message arrived on my mobile.
An SUV typically uses more gas than a car.
An aardvark looks like a pig.
An aardvark's diet is based on termites and ants.
An abacus is a calculator.
An abacus is a tool used in counting.
An abaya is a traditional robe-like dress or coat made of thin flowing fabric such as chiffon or georgette, and is usually made in black.
An abbey once stood here.
An able sportsman should be brave.
An aboriginal footballer was racially vilified by a member of the opposing team.
An abortion can have various causes.
An abscess appeared on his neck.
An abscess formed on me.
An absence of rain caused wild plants to die.
An absorbing tale of adventure.
An absurdity is a statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own opinion.
An abundance of other crops, including tomatoes, lettuce, cucumbers, and other vegetables are flourishing in the New York Sun Works greenhouses. They're grown using hydroponics technology where the roots are immersed in trays of nutrient rich water, not soil.
An abundance of rice was produced last year.
An abusive relationship is not a normal relationship.
An academic can be a writer.
An academic text shouldn't contain any grammatical or spelling errors.
An accent can be either charming or irritating.
An accident delayed us for half an hour.
An accident deprived him of sight.
An accident happened at this junction.
An accident happened in the intersection.
An accident happened inside the prison in Béjaïa.
An accident has happened.
An accident has just happened.
An accident has occurred.
An accident is an inevitable occurrence due to the action of immutable natural laws.
An accident is often brought about by a bit of carelessness.
An accident just happened.
An accident may happen at any time.
An accident often comes of carelessness.
An accident only takes a second, but an accident could get you into debt for life. I think I'll just walk.
An accident only takes a second, but an accident could get you into debt for life. I think I’ll just walk.
An accident prevented him from attending the ceremony.
An accident prohibited his attending the ceremony.
An accident took place at the intersection.
An accident, a disease or other health problems leave more than 15 million people a year paralyzed.
An accidental fire broke loose and everyone believed Sheila perished in the flames.
An accomplished aviarist can recognise any avian squawk.
An accomplishment cannot be looked upon as yours unless you have paddled your own canoe.
An accomplishment cannot be looked upon as yours unless you paddled your own canoe.
An accordion is a musical instrument.
An accretion disk has formed around the star.
An acer grove can turn a landscape into a colorful display.
An acid reflux rose up in my throat.
An acquaintance of mine has recently experienced a sort of spiritual awakening.
An acquaintance of mine introduced me to his closest friends.
An acre is a unit of measurement; Accra, the capital of Ghana, and Acre, a Brazilian state.
An activist can get canceled by their affinity group, but a famous author is just being criticized.
An actor and her fashion designer husband have been sentenced to two and five months, respectively, in prison after pleading guilty of bribing their daughters’ way into prestigious schools.
An actor has to memorize his lines.
An actor is only as good as his prompter.
An actor must interpret life, and in order to do so must be willing to accept all the experiences life has to offer. In fact, he must seek out more of life than life puts at his feet.
An actor should never abandon a role they are supposed to play.
An actress fainted right in the middle of the play.
An acute angle is less than a right angle.
An acute lack of funds is holding up the plan.
An adapter is essential.
An adapter is required for this device.
An adaptive response is necessary.
An added mental health pressure for top athletes, many of whom have trained in their sport since childhood, is that their sense of self is completely wrapped up in their sport.
An addition sign resembles a cross.
An additional round of restoration in 2019-2020 included rehabilitating the roof of the structure and repairing murals on the ceilings, as well as a refurbishment of the Wurlitzer organ.
An adjustable wrench is a useful tool for any plumber.
An admiring fan once asked Christopher Columbus how he managed to procure funding for all of his amazing journeys. Columbus then took the fan to an abandoned alley, took out a pistol, and said "That's how."
An admiring fan once asked Christopher Columbus how he managed to procure funding for all of his amazing journeys. Columbus then took the fan to an abandoned alley, took out a pistol, and said "That’s how".
An adult aardvark can weigh up to 100 kilograms.
An adult female patient is being readied for radiation therapy.
An adult flounder has both eyes on the same side of its face.
An adult male elephant can be more than three meters tall and weigh more than six tons.
An adult male giraffe can grow up to 5.5 meters high.
An adult tooth came in right next to a baby tooth.
An adventurous sort, Lester downed the whole bottle of habu sake in one show-stopping chug. Only the snake was left, securing Lester as an Okinawan national treasure.
An adverb is a word that modifies a verb, an adjective, or sometimes another adverb.
An adversary yesterday is a friend today.
An advertising pillar is a cylindrical pillar on which posters are stuck.
An aeroplane passed overhead, and then the 12.15 train clattered by.
An aerospace engineer by training, he had been working in Germany for nearly two decades when the then-president convinced him to come back home in 1974 and lead an effort to industrialize Indonesia's economy.
An affair this strange will not happen again for a long time.
An affine algebraic group over a field k is a representable covariant functor from the category of commutative algebras over k to the category of groups such that the representing algebra is finitely generated.
An afternoon appointment is more convenient for me.
An afternoon nap does wonders.
An aggregate of this bark compressed into a stopper shape is forced into the anus as a treatment for piles.
An aging population will be a long-term issue.
An aging population will require more spending on health care.
An agonizing suspicion haunted my brain.
An agreed-upon signal needs to be come up with.
An agreement acceptable to all parties was finally reached.
An agreement between European countries is needed.
An agreement was finally reached.
An agricultural research organization says it's working on drought-tolerant varieties of maize to ensure Zimbabwe's staple crop withstands dry weather.
An aguish climate made inhabitants travel to healthier localities.
An aide told reporters, off the record, that the senator had been lying.
An air conditioner doesn't produce cold. It moves the heat from the inside to the outside.
An air conditioner is available as an optional extra.
An air mattress may not be the most comfortable thing to sleep on, but it's much better than the floor.
An aircraft carrier can only be destroyed with a tactical nuclear weapon.
An airfryer is handy to cook quickly without using an oven.
An airplane had flown over the mountain.
An airplane is flying overhead.
An airplane that size can't land at this airport.
An airplane touched down on the runway.
An airship is lighter than air.
An alarm started going off.
An alarm went off.
An alcoholic is soon impoverished.
An alcoholic tends not to die happily.
An alcove is useful for storing things.
An algorithm is a finite set of instructions.
An algorithm is a recipe for solving a problem, step by step.
An algorithm is a set of perfectly defined logical rules and procedures that lead to the solution of a problem in a finite number of steps.
An alibi is a proof that the accused was present somewhere else in the moment of the crime or offence.
An alien broke into Ziri’s room.
An alien bug was chasing after Flavio.
An alien entered the cockpit.
An alien insect was extracted from Martino’s body.
An alien messenger gave Noah advance notice of the imminent destruction of his planet.
An alien monster burst out of Ziri’s chest.
An alien ship arrived.
An alien suddenly appeared.
An alien was chasing after Bruno.
An alien who learnt to speak English explained everything to the military.
An alien with red eyes showed up and attacked Damiano.
An all-male jury took pity of Layla.
An all-star game can be less exciting than one might expect.
An all-women's newsroom in India staffed by members of the country's marginalized communities including Dalits, has been attracting international attention this year.
An alligator has been caught on tape eating a small shark.
An alligator is a very dangerous animal.
An alligator snapped his arm off.
An almost perfectly preserved nodosaur fossil was discovered in the Albertan badlands.
An alpaca looks like a horse and a camel.
An alpha male is an untested, unstable, buggy, and incomplete version of a male.
An already weird Olympics may soon get weirder. Forecasters say Tropical Storm Nepartak has formed off Japan’s east coast and could hit Tokyo late Monday or Tuesday.
An altercation broke out between Dan and Linda.
An altercation broke out.
An alternating magnetic field created inside the MRI’s tube excites hydrogen atoms in the body’s tissues, making them emit radio waves.
An alternative is possible.
An alternative method of capitalising a letter with a keyboard is by using the shift key.
An alveolar ejective has voiceless phonation, meaning it is produced without vocal cord vibration.
An alveolar soft part sarcoma is a rare form of cancer occurring primarily in children and young adults.
An alveolar stop is a sound made by having the tongue in tight enough contact with the alveolar ridge to block the passage of air.
An ambassador is an honest man sent to lie abroad for the good of his country.
An ambiguous sentence is very difficult to translate.
An ambulance arrived and took David to the hospital.
An ambulance arrived immediately.
An ambulance arrived minutes later.
An ambulance came.
An ambulance is on its way.
An ambulance took Tom away.
An ambulance took Tom to the hospital.
An ambulance took him away.
An ambulance went to the scene of the accident.
An ambulanceman lifted the unconscious man.
An amoeba is a protozoan.
An amoeba is animalcular.
An amphitheatre is a special type of open air theatre.
An analysis has shown that the remains of his supper left by the stable-lad contain an appreciable quantity of powdered opium.
An analysis of the nature of the heat island phenomenon and countermeasures.
An anarchist sent me an old netbook.
An ancient and rare species of tree has been saved from Australia's bush fires by a specialist team of firefighters.
An ancient ballad on the subject, which, however, bears marks of having been tampered with, states, on the other hand, that Gradlon led his people into extravagances of every kind, and that Dahut received the key from him, the misuse of which precipitated the catastrophe.
An ancient bronze mirror studded with glass beads was discovered in the tomb looted by the robbers centuries ago.
An ancient city totters to her fall, / time-honoured empress and of old renown; / and senseless corpses, through the city strown, / choke house and temple.
An ancient manor, probably from the time of the Templar Knights, is the home to our family, and its outbuildings welcome friends and holiday guests all year round.
An ancient manor, probably from the time of the templar knights, is the home to our family, and its outbuildings welcome friends and holiday guests all year round.
An ancient people left a ringed contraption on the forsaken planet. It was supposed to be an entrance to another universe.
An ancient race left ringed contraptions throughout the galaxy to shortcut through space-time.
An ancient space civilization erected a system of shortcut portals throughout the galaxy.
An android is a kind of robot.
An angel passed by.
An angle of 90 degrees is called a right angle.
An angry crowd screamed at her.
An angry dog bit me in the leg.
An angry wind blew cold and raised dense clouds of dust, while the trees shook and moaned in a weird way.
An animal can be a character in a novel.
An animal can be much more dangerous when injured.
An animal can be much more dangerous when wounded.
An animal has no moral sense.
An animal lives, senses, moves itself; is born, dies, is nourished and grows; stands or sits, or lies or paces.
An animal trainer has been mauled to death by lions.
An animated discussion took place.
An announcement hangs on the library door: "Tomorrow, May 5, is cleaning day."
An announcement is expected soon.
An announcement of his death appeared in the newspapers.
An annoyance isn't up to you.
An annual inspection is mandatory regardless of how many hours an aircraft has flown.
An anomaly which often struck me in the character of my friend Sherlock Holmes was that, although in his methods of thought he was the neatest and most methodical of mankind, and although also he affected a certain quiet primness of dress, he was none the less in his personal habits one of the most untidy men that ever drove a fellow-lodger to distraction.
An anonymous benefactor bequeathed several hundred thousand dollars to an animal shelter.
An anonymous caller contacted the police to report a murder.
An anonymous complaint allowed the police to get the terrorists.
An anonymous letter showed up in Mary's mailbox.
An anonymous tip lead the police to the truth.
An ant bit me.
An ant can bite an elephant's butt, but an elephant can't bite an ant's.
An ant can lift more than 50 times its weight.
An ant hole can bring down a river bank.
An ant is pretty stupid.
An antelope was running by the treeline.
An anthropoid ape has a body which is several times as hardy, durable and mighty as that of even the strongest man, but the ape has not the brain of a civilized man.
An anthropologist wrongly applied the word "Semitic" not just to languages like Arabic, Amharic, Tigrinya and Hebrew but specifically to ethnically and culturally Jewish people. More ominously, from 1880 through the Nazi period of German history, racists extended the word "Aryan," which had meant the Sanskrit-Persian language family, to deliberately foster the vile and discredited theory of a so-called Aryan race.
An anti-viral drug called Ribavirin was given to stop the virus from replicating. Steroids were also given to suppress the hyperactive immune response. According to initial reports, this combination helped roughly 80 percent of patients.
An antique pot was dug out.
An anxious mother has sharp eyes.
An apartheid system is being imposed on the Palestinians.
An ape's an ape, a varlet's a varlet, though they be clad in silk or scarlet.
An apology, founded upon a slight indisposition, was alleged as an excuse for the absence of Miss Ashton, whose seat appeared unoccupied.
An apparently small event may lead to a great result.
An appeal may be lodged.
An appendectomy, please.
An apple a day is good for our health.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, but if the doctor is cute, screw the fruit!
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, if you aim well.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, if you've got good aim.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. Did you know that?
An apple fell from the tree.
An apple fell off the tree.
An apple fell on Newton's head.
An apple fell on Tom's head.
An apple fell on my head.
An apple fell on the ground.
An apple fell to the ground.
An apple floats in water, but not a pear.
An apple is a fruit.
An apple is a tasty fruit.
An apple is an edible fruit.
An apple is round in shape.
An apple is sitting on the table.
An apple is under the desk.
An apple sits on the table.
An apple tree provides an apple.
An apple was sitting on the bench.
An apple was sitting on the couch.
An apple will float in water, a pear won't.
An apple, half eaten, lay beside the kitchen sink.
An application of a qualifier precludes non-partaking instances from the compound meaning of a term.
An appointment is required.
An apprehensive silence filled the room.
An aquatic robot, small and nimble enough to fit inside the smallest of openings, is being tested in Japan ahead of being deployed into the damaged core of the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
An aqueduct is a Roman water trough made of stone, either underground or across a bridge.
An aqueous solution is one where water is the solvent.
An arbiter is a fair and impartial determiner of fact.
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her.
An architect designs and creates houses and buildings.
An architect occupies that office.
An architect should not pretend to be an artist.
An architect shouldn't consider themselves an artist.
An arcology is a self-sufficient community, complete with agriculture, contained within a single structure.
An ardent affection for the human race makes enthusiastic characters eager to produce alteration in laws and governments prematurely.
An area in Germany the size of the Saarland is to be covered with wind turbines. For some, this is not enough.
An area man has been implicated in a plot to assassinate Tom Jackson.
An area near the Tutakoke River is a nesting ground for Brant Geese and Eider ducks, two of the 27 species being tested throughout the state.
An area of the mattress started to depress.
An argot strengthens the identity of a social group.
An argument began.
An argument broke out between her and her son.
An argument broke out between them.
An argument broke out on the Berber language.
An argument broke out on the floor of the convention hall and in no time fists were flying.
An argument ensued and he slit her throat.
An argument erupted between her and her father.
An argument may be logically sound without being true.
An argument of the function approaches zero.
An aristocrat is a member of the aristocracy.
An aristocratic title is only inherited via the male lineage.
An armchair is in the bedroom.
An armrest was mounted between the seats, and each seat had adjustable footrests and a velcro seatbelt.
An army is a group of soldiers.
An army is a nation within a nation; it is one of the vices of our age.
An army marches on its stomach.
An army of golems is approaching.
An army of robot probes explored the Solar System at enormous cost.
An army of sentence purifiers landed on Tatoeba. They will not rest until they eliminate everything that does not fit their narrow standards.
An army of sheep led by a lion is better than an army of lions led by a sheep.
An army travels on its stomach.
An army was being gathered.
An army was divided into the vanguard, the rearguard and the main body.
An aroma is a smell you find pleasant.
An aroma of fresh coffee hung in the air.
An aromatic oil is extracted from the tiny seeds which are also used, whole, for flavoring pickles.
An arrest is expected soon.
An arrest warrant needs to be issued for George W. Bush.
An arrest warrant should be issued for George W. Bush.
An arrest warrant was issued for Tom.
An arrest warrant was issued for the company's accountant.
An arrogant educated person got into a boat.
An arrogant person needs to keep their ego in check.
An arrogant rancher named Bragg and his rowdy gang have been running roughshod through the town; but now they have to deal with Marshal Cole and his deputy Hitch.
An arrow hit Ziri in the back.
An arrow passed through the hawk.
An arrow pierced his liver.
An arrow was piercing Boris's chest.
An arshin is 71.12 centimetres.
An art teacher is supposed to inspire people, not uninspire them.
An article about our school appeared in the newspaper.
An article describing the discovery of the reptilian fossil with mammalian teeth is published this week in the journal Nature.
An artificial causeway was built across the strait.
An artist can't speak about his art any more than a plant can discuss horticulture.
An artist cannot speak about his art any more than a plant can discuss horticulture.
An artist has to have a color-sensitive eye.
An artist illustrates.
An artist is a sheep far from the flock.
An artist is a sheep that strays from the flock.
An artist is capable of capturing the atmosphere of the place with just a few lines.
An artist is known by their work.
An artist must have an eye for color.
An artist must have an eye for colors.
An artist must have an eye for colour.
An artist uses many tubes of paint to make a large painting.
An ash-colored rabbit appeared and as soon as I drew near, it hopped and ran into the woods again.
An ass kicked Tom.
An ass-licking people pleaser would never speak frankly.
An assertion isn't a proof.
An assertion isn’t a proof.
An assistant at the hardware store Bricofer said all stock of protective masks used by builders and home-improvement enthusiasts had been emptied.
An assortment of ripe fruit is on the table.
An asteroid exploded over Chelyabinsk in Russia.
An asteroid is a bit of rock.
An asteroid just over two kilometers wide will pass close to earth Wednesday.
An asteroid passed close to Earth on Saturday.
An asthma inhaler makes a big difference.
An astringent, like an alum block or styptic pencil, helps close and heal small cuts after shaving.
An astronaut can float in space.
An astronaut in space can be weightless but cannot be without mass.
An astronaut's salary is based on the civil service pay scale. Astronauts are ranked between a GS12, which earns $65,140 a year, and a GS13 that earns $100,701 a year.
An astute reader should be willing to weigh everything they read, including anonymous sources.
An athlete can't arrive to a competition very motivated if he's never been put to the test.
An athlete must keep in good condition.
An athletic meet is held at our school every day.
An atlas is a collection of maps.
An atlas is a set of maps.
An atmosphere of suspicion and mistrust descended on the small town after Fadil's disappearance.
An atom is made out of protons, neutrons and electrons.
An atom is smaller than a molecule.
An atom's dimensions are extremely small.
An atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima in 1945.
An attack is already under.
An attack is underway.
An attempt to commit a crime is considered an inchoate offense that can itself be punished.
An attorney's job is proving that his client is innocent.
An aura of light surrounds him.
An authentic production will be recognized as such by any native speaker of sufficient experience, but the experience sufficient to one production may not suffice to another.
An auto-reply like that would decrease email volume.
An autocoup is underway.
An automobile has four wheels.
An automobile ran over him.
An autopsy determined that he died of drowning.
An autopsy was performed on Dan's body.
An autopsy was performed on Miroslav’s body.
An autopsy will be conducted.
An autopsy will be done in the next few days.
An autopsy will be performed.
An autumn breeze begins to blow.
An avalanche is a mass of snow, ice and rocks that rapidly slides off a mountain slope.
An average American child, by all accounts, falls in love with TV.
An average pride of lions will have approximately fifteen lions.
An average worker gets an annual pay rise.
An aviary is a large enclosure for birds, often containing shrubbery and other plants to simulate their natural habitat.
An aviation industry publication reported that sensors detected smoke in the lavatory, indicating that there could have been a fire on board the plane.
An avid watcher of nature documentaries, Bell said that she and her young daughters Lincoln and Delta particularly love David Attenborough and the "Planet Earth" series.
An award was given to Tom.
An awareness of international relations is more important now that it has ever been.
An awesome car drove into the parking lot.
An awful accident happened yesterday.
An awful thing happened today.
An awful thing has happened.
An awkward silence fell between them.
An awning broke his fall and saved his life.
An ax was the only thing Tom had at that time.
An axe in the house keeps the carpenter away.
An axe was the only thing that Tom had at that time.
An axis is an imaginary straight line around which a celestial body rotates.
An e-book is very much like a traditional book. It should have a cover, a table of contents, separate chapters and an index.
An eagle flies in the sky.
An eagle has a curved beak.
An eagle has a wingspan of over a meter.
An eagle has a wingspan of over a metre.
An eagle is flying in the sky.
An eagle is watching the ground vigilantly from on high. He is looking out for prey.
An eagle swooped and plucked a rabbit from the field.
An eagle was soaring high up in the air.
An eagle's wings are more than one meter across.
An eaglet can fall out of its nest before it learns to fly.
An eagle’s wings are more than one meter across.
An earlier sense of a word need not be its present basic sense.
An earlier version of the law was put together in 2015, but later stalled during the review process, only to resurface more recently.
An early prototype broke when the engineers tested it.
An early prototype broke.
An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day.
An earthquake can happen at any time.
An earthquake can take place at any time.
An earthquake destroyed the building.
An earthquake happened in San Francisco in 1906.
An earthquake has rattled the cities to rubble.
An earthquake hit Turkey and Syria.
An earthquake measuring 7.7 on the Richter scale shook Indonesia.
An earthquake of magnitude 5 shook Tokyo.
An earthquake shakes the ground with two kinds of waves. The new system uses information from a low-energy wave that moves quickly but causes little damage. Experts call this the P-wave. The slower but stronger S-wave is the main threat to life and property.
An earthquake, 8.9 on the Richter scale, hits Japan and causes a massive tsunami.
An eccentric idea is that someday, extraterrestrials would contact us Earthlings and give us advanced technology. Would they be so kind? In Columbus' time, the more technologically advanced Europeans were not too friendly to the Amerindians. As a species, are we humans spiritually mature yet? I think not.
An eclipse of the moon is a rare phenomenon.
An eclipse of the sun is a rare appearance.
An economic crisis hit Algeria in 2015.
An economic crisis will hit at the end of the year.
An economic miracle took place in China.
An economic war is declared.
An ectopic pregnancy is dangerous and potentially fatal for the mother.
An ecumenical council is a general worldwide conference of any church’s clergy and theologians who meet together, with the goal of agreeing on doctrines and practices.
An eddy is a circular current of water.
An educated fool is the worst kind of fool.
An educated man can become something.
An educated person doesn't behave like that.
An eerie silence filled the air with despair.
An eerie silence lay over the lake.
An eerie stillness lay over the lake.
An effective writer is one who knows what sort of words should be employed in any specific context.
An effective, integrated response requires incident management planning, enhanced interoperability, and coordination, based on and supported by rapid and effective decision-making.
An efficient FBI agent does not make any bones about carrying out his duties.
An egg is a cell.
An egg is a zygote.
An egg is about fifty grams.
An egg is not round but oval.
An egg should cook for at least 5 minutes.
An egg to a pauper is like a bull to a rich man.
An egoist is someone who thinks only about himself, and not about me.
An egotist is a person of low taste, more interested in himself than in me.
An eight-year-old car is almost worthless.
An elaborate temple-like structure perched on an apartment block in southeastern China is an illegal hazard that should be torn down, residents say.
An elderly Chinese tourist has died in France from the coronavirus.
An elderly man was sitting alone on a dark path.
An elderly person in my family suddenly fell to the ground; he likely suffered a stroke.
An elderly person in the street fell and broke a leg.
An elderly person was resting under a tree.
An elderly woman crossed the street.
An election is in the offing.
An electric current can generate a magnetic field.
An electric current can generate magnetism.
An electric guitar doesn't sound the same as an acoustic one.
An electric guitar doesn’t sound the same as an acoustic one.
An electric guitar sounds different to an acoustic one.
An electric heater warms up the ceramic tiles of the bathroom floor.
An electric “aero-ambulance” that is estimated to be faster, safer and quieter than a helicopter has been developed by researchers in Australia.
An electrode is an electrical conductor used to make contact with a nonmetallic part of a circuit (e.g. a semiconductor, an electrolyte, a vacuum or air).
An electrolysis is a passage of direct current through an ion-conducting solution, producing a chemical change at the electrodes.
An electrolytic cell is a type of electrochemical cell in which the flow of electric energy from an external source enables a redox reaction.
An electron is a stable negatively charged subatomic particle.
An electron is an elementary particle.
An elephant eats a spider.
An elephant eats grass.
An elephant has a long nose.
An elephant is a strong animal.
An elephant is a very large animal.
An elephant is an enormous animal.
An elephant is eating bananas.
An elephant is eating grass.
An elephant isn't as big as a whale.
An elephant never forgets.
An elephant on the roof is soon an elephant in the house.
An elephant was hunted there.
An elephant's burden should be borne only by an elephant.
An elephant's ears are really big.
An elephant's tusks cannot be retracted.
An elevated seaside bike path collapsed in Rio.
An email arrived that changed my life forever.
An emergency may occur at any time.
An emissary from a distant solar system has contacted us.
An empathetic girl can empathize with a friend's feelings.
An employee who is looking to advance their career and attain a job with more authority may want to consider looking within their own company and identifying any gaps in their qualification for the job, in order to work towards developing the necessary skills and experience.
An employer may have an agreement with employees’ representatives (from trade unions or staff associations) that allows negotiations of terms and conditions like pay or working hours.
An emptiness devours my heart.
An empty bag can't stand upright.
An empty bag can’t stand upright.
An empty belly hears nobody.
An empty head is the devil's workshop.
An empty mind is the devil's workshop.
An empty stomach doesn't help on the mental front.
An empty stomach doesn’t help on the mental front.
An encyclopedia is a mine of information.
An encyclopedia is a repository of knowledge and wisdom.
An endless desert was waving before our eyes.
An endless flow of tears fell from her eyes.
An endless night without thought and without dreams awaited her.
An endoscopy is used to examine a person's digestive tract.
An endosymbiotic relationship is basically a relationship in which one organism lives inside another organism and both benefit from it.
An endowment is money that was donated to support a university and that is invested to grow and support future goals.
An enemy airstrike has levelled the easternmost district of our city.
An enemy fawns on you but hits you, while a friend scolds you but helps you.
An enemy is anyone who tells the truth about you.
An enemy is attacking them.
An enemy of an enemy is a friend.
An enemy of an enemy is not necessarily an ally.
An enemy of an enemy isn't necessarily an ally.
An enemy ship is approaching.
An enemy yesterday can be a friend today.
An engineer is a wizard whose magic works.
An enigma is someone or something that is difficult to understand or explain.
An enlarged social horizon will bring advantages.
An enormous UFO was darting across the sky.
An enormous alien appeared and started chasing Damiano.
An enormous bull charged at him.
An enormous dome of heat expands across the North American continent.
An enormous killer dog has escaped from a laboratory.
An enormous number of insects hatched this year, wreaking havoc on crops.
An enormous number of things in the world subserve a common purpose.
An enormous sense of loneliness gripped her heart.
An enormous space station orbiting around Jupiter overlooked the rainbow stripes of the gas giant.
An enoteca is a wine bar.
An ensemble is a group of performers.
An entire football field could probably fit in that room.
An entire generation of Americans has never enjoyed the experience of slipping an LP out of its sleeve, centering the record on the spindle, and carefully dropping the needle on a favorite cut.
An envelope and a stamp, please.
An envelope is normally angular and thin.
An envelope is usually angular and thin.
An envoy was sent.
An enzyme is a protein that functions as a catalyst for a chemical reaction.
An ephebophile is a pedophile who is so steeped in online pedo culture that they know how to distinguish finer degrees of childfucking.
An epicanthal fold, as is found among many peoples of East Asia, can be surgically removed. The reverse procedure is not possible.
An epidemic disease broke out.
An epidemic has broken out.
An epidemic is a very large outbreak that has spread to other regions, countries or continents.
An epigram is a short, sharp saying in prose or verse, frequently characterized by acidity or acerbity and sometimes by wisdom.
An epitaph is an inscription on a tomb, showing that virtues acquired by death have a retroactive effect.
An equilateral triangle has three equal length sides and three equal size angles.
An equilateral triangle has three sides of equal length.
An era can be said to end when its basic illusions are exhausted.
An error has occurred.
An error is not worth death.
An error occurred while saving. Please try again or contact us to report this.
An error was made.
An esperantist is a person whom speaks and works with Esperanto.
An espresso doppio to drink inside.
An essential condition for a helpful interview is a quiet room in which doctor and parents can sit comfortably and in private without being interrupted.
An estimated 10,000 Yazidis were killed or kidnapped by Islamic State in 2014. Women and girls were forced into slavery, and suffered horrific sexual and physical abuse. Several members of the choir that traveled to London were held captive.
An estimated 152 million children are in child labor. Seventy-three-million are involved in hazardous work that the International Labor Organization defines as the worst forms of child labor.
An estimated 20% of the water used by homeowners in cities is used for their grass.
An estimated 4.4 million, more than 40%, of Beninese live abroad.
An estimated 40% of the world's offshore oil production comes from the Indian Ocean.
An estimated 60 percent of the world’s uncultivated farmable land is in Africa, but many people still don’t have enough to eat.
An evening glow often promises good weather.
An event can create a new text.
An eviction exhibit at the National Building Museum is shedding light on what it is like for those who go through the process of losing their homes.
An exact translation isn't coming to me either.
An example is a suggestion, not an order.
An example is worth a thousand words.
An example of a percussion instrument is the piano.
An example of an actual conspiracy would be far-right Christian fundamentalists conspiring on a previously-secret email list to create new standards of care, which would then be adopted by Republican governors as though they were a new and legitimate standard that was replacing the old one.
An example of an authoritarian projecting was when Jordan Peterson called it "authoritarian" for a fat person to be on the cover of Sports Illustrated. It was him who was being authoritarian, demanding magazines cater to his personal tastes.
An example of citizen science is a project called Project BudBurst. Over the past six growing seasons, Project BudBurst has used thousands of volunteer observers. They record when local plants develop their leaves, flowers and fruit. The observations go into a huge database. Then plant scientists can study the data to look for changes over time. Project director Sandra Henderson says participatory science like this is an idea that is growing quickly.
An example of disinformation is the reference to the Academy.
An example of genetic modification is the injection of fish genes into strawberries and tomatoes, a process which prevents these fruits from freezing.
An example of that kind of language is Esperanto.
An example should make this clear.
An example used for study is the wolf—an animal whose genetics and behavior can be scientifically tracked, but which is also rapturously beautiful and fierce—even mystical.
An exceeding comely maid, and a most beautiful virgin, and not known to man: and she went down to the spring, and filled her pitcher, and was coming back.
An excellent idea!
An excellent man: he has no enemies, and none of his friends like him.
An excellent movie based on the play was also made.
An exception can only exist if you first recognize a rule.
An exception is a thing which takes the liberty to differ from other things of its class, as an honest man, a truthful woman, etc.
An exception which confirms the rule.
An excess of succulents is a common feature of millennials.
An excess of sugar in the blood is called diabetes.
An exciting day is drawing to a close.
An exciting day is nearing its end.
An exclamation mark is a punctuation mark.
An exclusively behavioral approach to psychology ignores family problems, school situations, and a host of other issues that can adversely affect a child's emotional and psychological growth.
An exclusively behavioral approach to psychology ignores family problems, school situations, and a host of other issues that can adversely affect a child’s emotional and psychological growth.
An excuse like that works?
An executive council was formed to discuss the new proposal.
An exhibition in Plymouth marking the 400-year anniversary of the Mayflower voyage is putting the history of the Wampanoag front and center.
An exhibition in Turkey's southeastern city of Diyarbakir gives viewers an in-depth look at local periodicals and other publications that are more than a century old.
An exhibition was given in anticipation of the Queen's visit.
An exhibition was given in anticipation of the Queen’s visit.
An exhibitionist would be the ideal partner for a voyeur.
An existence without positive affirmations and resolutions will turn out to be secure but insignificant.
An exomoon is a moon that orbits around an exoplanet.
An expensive car is a status symbol.
An expensive watch is not necessarily a good one.
An experienced healer can lift curses and dispel evil eyes.
An experiment on obese rats found that consuming probiotics for 30 days helps diminish the accumulation of fat in the liver.
An experiment that is not using scientific control methods is worth nothing.
An experiment, I would learn much later when studying the philosophy of science, had to arise from a real dissatisfaction with existing knowledge.
An experiment, I would learn much later, when studying the philosophy of science, had to arise from a real dissatisfaction with existing knowledge.
An experimental drug has proved effective against the virus.
An experimental treatment providing a new approach in the fight against HIV has cleared the first hurdle.
An expert analyzed the fabric found in the car.
An expert appraised the value of the watch as two hundred dollars.
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field.
An expert is a specialist who knows everything about something and nothing about anything else.
An expert is someone who knows some of the worst mistakes that can be made in his field, and how to avoid them.
An expert is speaking.
An expert was called for advice.
An expert was interviewed.
An exploratory investigation was required to collect important data regarding the health of the ecosystem.
An explosion blew the house apart.
An explosion caused by lava oozing into the ocean sent molten rock crashing through the roof of a sightseeing boat off Hawaii's Big Island, injuring 23 people.
An explosion killed Tom.
An explosion knocked Damiano out.
An explosion occurred.
An explosion of social media has given ordinary people more ways to express themselves, and has raised people’s expectations for those of us in power.
An explosion overturned Dmitri’s vehicle.
An explosion threw the carriage to the side.
An explosion tore through a block of flats burying a number of people under rubble.
An explosive device was initiated.
An express train from Moscow to Vladivostok takes six days.
An expression of gratitude can be clearly seen on his face.
An expression says: as for that story, the partridge landed on it.
An extension is currently under construction.
An extradiegetic narrator is outside of the story they're telling.
An extradition clause was also included in the treaty.
An extraordinary change had come over his face.
An extraordinary change had come over his face. It was writhing with inward merriment.
An extraordinary number of ammunition is being expended.
An extraordinary summit of finance ministers has been convened for this evening.
An extraterrestrial grabbed Bruno.
An extreme experience awaits them, as it did for me and all my predecessors at the Atmospheric Research Observatory.
An extreme heat warning has been issued.
An extremely important issue was discussed at the meeting.
An extremely terrible thing happened to him.
An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
An eye for an eye and the world goes blind.
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.
An eye for an eye.
An eyelash got into my eye and it's annoying.
An eyelid opens wide.
An eyewitness is worth more than ten auditory witnesses.
An hexagon has six sides.
An hexagon is a shape.
An honest farmer had once a donkey that had been a faithful servant to him a great many years, but was now growing old and every day more and more unfit for work.
An honest farmer had once an ass that had been a faithful servant to him a great many years, but was now growing old and every day more and more unfit for work.
An honest life is pleasing to God.
An honest life is preferable.
An honest man is the noblest work of God.
An honest man never steals money.
An honest man would not do such a thing.
An honorable death is better than a shameful life.
An honourable death is better than a shameful life.
An hour ago, we received an anonymous phone call.
An hour and a half is ninety minutes.
An hour has 60 minutes.
An hour has passed.
An hour has sixty minutes, and a minute has sixty seconds.
An hour has sixty minutes.
An hour into the trip, Mary announced that she couldn't remember turning the iron off.
An hour later, his fever got worse.
An hour later, the majestic Djurdjura Mountains came into sight.
An hour later, the noise stopped.
An hour later, when we entered the house, we found him stretched dead drunk upon the dining-room sofa.
An hour of sleep before midnight is worth two hours of sleep after midnight.
An hour spent in the garden is an hour well spent.
An hour's drive brought us to the airport.
An hour's walk brought me to the next village.
An hour’s drive brought us to the airport.
An hour’s walk brought me to the next village.
An hydrogen atom only has one proton and one electron.
An ice cream, please.
An ice cube has already melted.
An ice hockey puck is not spherical.
An ice hockey puck isn't ball-shaped.
An ice pack will numb the pain.
An ice road is a road that's only used in winter.
An ice storm is coming in.
An iceberg looks white because compressed snow on its surface contains large numbers of tiny air bubbles and crystal edges that equally reflect all wavelengths of visible light.
An icebreaker can carve a channel in the ice fifteen meters wide.
An icebreaker is breaking a path through the ice.
An icicle broke off and fell on her, stabbing her in the chest.
An icicle fell on Yuri.
An icicle is a pillar of ice.
An icy blast of wind chilled me to the bone.
An icy blast of wind cut me to the bone.
An icy chill stole into the car.
An icy north wind is blowing.
An icy northerly wind is blowing.
An icy wind blew into the room through the open window.
An icy wind is blowing from the north.
An icy wind now blows through the world.
An icy wind swept through the streets.
An icy wind was blowing into the room through the open window.
An idea came to me.
An idea can change your whole life. If we put our ideas together, we can change the whole world.
An idea is a concept.
An idea is an immaterial model of a real or a supposed element of reality. An idea is a fragment of our thoughts. When we think something, that single thought is an idea. Ideas are the atoms of the thoughts, and thoughts are a combination of ideas.
An idea is expressed in terms of action.
An idea just flashed through my mind.
An idea just occurred to me.
An idea not properly analyzed is not worth exploiting, just as a life without self-judgment is not worth living.
An idea occurred to me.
An idea shapes the context of the text.
An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all.
An idea without realization is a moribund thought.
An idea, which is meant to inspire, must come to the individual with the force of a revelation.
An idea, which is meant to inspire, must strike the individual with the force of an epiphany.
An ideal pillow is available from a mail-order house.
An idealist is one who, on noticing that a rose smells better than a cabbage, concludes that it is also more nourishing.
An idiot is a person who thinks differently than I do.
An idiot is a person who thinks differently than me.
An idiot like Dan has no place on this team.
An idle brain is the devil's workshop.
An idle mind is the devil's workshop.
An igloo can't burn down, Tom.
An ignorant people is easy to fool.
An ignorant person is one who doesn't know what you have just found out.
An ignorant person is one who doesn’t know what you have just found out.
An ignorant person won't understand, and an impudent person won't listen.
An illiterate man was fair game for the literate exploiters who contributed to his domination.
An illness caused her to become bed-ridden.
An illustration may make the point clear.
An image contains thousands of pixels.
An image is formed by the information in the media.
An image is worth a thousand words.
An image is worth more than a thousand words.
An image of a fat American tourist wearing an aloha shirt pops up.
An imam should never tell lies.
An immanent God is the universe’s pulse—think Spinoza’s pantheism, where God is nature, or certain Buddhist views of an all-pervading cosmic principle. Extraterrestrials, even if they’ve merged with technology to become planet-sized hive minds, remain distinct entities within the universe. They might manipulate reality in ways that feel divine—say, turning stars into energy grids—but they’re not the stars themselves, nor the laws that govern them. An immanent God’s essence is inseparable from all that exists; aliens, however advanced, are still players on the cosmic stage, not the stage itself.
An immediate challenge, she says, is whether the political elite can find “some kind of equilibrium that is good for the stability of the country.”
An immediate rescue operation was launched.
An immense monument was erected in honor of the eminent philosopher.
An immense monument was erected in honor of the noble patriot.
An immersive art installation in New York City has visitors captivated.
An immoral political system is created whenever there are privileged classes—that is, classes who have arrogated to themselves rights while throwing the duties upon others.
An impatient driver forced his way through the crossing against the red light.
An impatient driver ignored the red light and crossed the junction.
An important bird migration route passes through Algeria.
An important characteristic of steel is its strength.
An important factor in a child's development are his siblings.
An important function of policemen is to catch thieves.
An important function of the Skylab space station was to take photographs of the Earth using special infrared cameras. One of the pictures enabled scientists to help famine victims in Africa find water.
An important notice was posted on the bulletin.
An important part of the healthcare system are nurses who provide care to the sick and comfort patients' family.
An important post was given Tom.
An important principle of the Internet is the network neutrality.
An important quality of steel is its strength.
An important quote.
An important reason for the fall of the Roman Empire was that they had no zero. So they had no way of demonstrating a successful exit of their C programs.
An important year in scientific history is 1905, when Einstein changed the face of physics with his theories of special relativity, mass-energy equivalence and the photoelectric effect.
An imposter! You don't go to our school.
An impostor is a cheat who wants to impose on others for his profit; and where, I beg you, is my profit in this affair?
An impostor wants to be believed on his word; he wants to make authority by himself.
An impressive silence broods over the monstrous structure where such multitudes of men and women were wont to assemble in other days.
An imprisoned politician is not the same as a political prisoner.
An inbound train will be passing shortly. Please be careful.
An inch is now precisely 2.54 centimeters.
An incident like that is perfectly unremarkable.
An incident similar to this one happened last year as well.
An income tax is levied on any income that exceeds deductions.
An incompetent business management directly affects the employees.
An increase in customer complaints could signal a decline in business.
An increase in price will result in a corresponding decrease in demand.
An increase in temperature was recorded in the lower parts of the atmosphere of the planet.
An increase in the number of cars will affect the urban environment.
An increased vaccination rate for children resulted in a concomitant decrease in communicable diseases.
An increasing number of Algerians are opting to retire as early as possible.
An increasing number of American parents are opting to home-school their children.
An increasingly greater part of the population is not capable of fully utilizing the power of expression of the German language.
An increasingly larger number of people get offended when you speak to them in English.
An incurable disease, self-hatred.
An indecipherable glance passed between them.
An independent Western Sahara could easily attract foreign capital.
An independent advisor has been brought in to conciliate between the unions and the employer.
An independent judiciary is one of the key pillars of a functional democracy.
An indescribable fragrance emanated from the lotus flowers.
An indigenous nurse was the first person to get vaccinated in the Brazilian state of Amazonas.
An individual course of study is good for outstanding students.
An individual has rights and responsibilities.
An individual is the smallest unit of the society.
An individual with an annual income of more than 15 million yen is required to file his or her final tax return in March.
An industrious person will succeed in life.
An inexperienced stock speculator could easily let his business go to pot and lose his entire fortune.
An infant is not capable of speaking, so it just screams until it gets what it wants.
An infant isn't capable of speaking, so it just screams until it gets what it wants.
An infant manatee rescued off the coast of Florida over the weekend is being treated at Miami Seaquarium.
An infant of eight days old shall be circumcised among you, every manchild in your generations: he that is born in the house, as well as the bought servant, shall be circumcised, and whosoever is not of your stock.
An inferiority complex and a superiority complex often lead to the same behavior.
An infidel's greatest defeat is ending up in paradise.
An infinitive without a 'to' attached is called a bare infinitive.
An infinitive without a ’to’ attached is called a bare infinitive.
An inflammation is a response to an injury.
An influencer, in the back of the room, began filming.
An influential movie during my childhood was The Illustrated Man, starring Rod Steiger.
An infrared ray is electromagnetic radiation.
An ingredient found in all happiness is the idea that you deserve it.
An ingredient you always find in happiness is the idea that you deserve it.
An initial medical examination conducted in September showed the elephant’s nails had cracked and were overgrown due to improper care and an insufficient enclosure with flooring that damaged its feet.
An injured dog can be much more dangerous.
An injury graves itself in metal, but a benefit writes itself in water.
An injury is much sooner forgotten than an insult.
An injury like this should hurt, but it doesn't at all, for some reason.
An injury put the shortstop out of action.
An injustice has been corrected.
An inmate threw gasoline into Elias's cell.
An inner defect never fails to express itself outwardly.
An inner liberty where the opponent can still play, by capturing part of the group that encloses this liberty, is called a 'false eye' or 'deficient eye'.
An innocent biker was shot by an arrogant soldier on that street.
An innocent man was arrested by mistake.
An innocent passer-by was shot dead in broad daylight.
An innovative home recycling unit aims to revolutionize the world of recycling as we know it.
An inquest will be conducted.
An insect flew into my eye while I was riding my bike today.
An insect has six legs.
An insect is a small animal and it has six legs.
An insecticide is a chemical, agricultural, product which combats insects, that cause damage to useful plants.
An insistence on ideological purity and an unwillingness to compromise lead to an inability to get things done.
An inspired sentence?
An instant afterwards there appeared a little wizened fellow with a cringing manner and a shambling style of walking. He wore an open jacket, with a splotch of tar on the sleeve, a red-and-black check shirt, dungaree trousers, and heavy boots badly worn.
An instant later our door opened, and a tall young man entered the room.
An instructor must also be a friend. He who learns must know how to thank.
An insulated soft-wood room and a good heater are the absolute necessities for a sauna.
An insult on Facebook could get you arrested in Morocco.
An insurance agent sells home insurance.
An insurance broker will compare the policies of different insurers to offer the most favourable premiums.
An insurance claim is a demand made by the insured for payment of the benefits as provided by the policy.
An insurgency led by Maoists broke out in 1996.
An integer is natural if and only if it is greater or equal to 0.
An integer is natural iff it is greater or equal to 0.
An integer is natural iff it is greater than or equal to 0.
An integral attribute of Diwali is rangoli — vivid patterns of colored sand and rice water that confuse evil spirits.
An intellectual is a man who says a simple thing in a difficult way; an artist is a man who says a difficult thing in a simple way.
An intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex.
An intelligent friend of mine has a name meaning "freedom" in Lojban.
An intelligent man uses his mind, but the more intelligent man also uses the minds of others.
An intelligent woman is a woman with which one can be as stupid as they want.
An intense cold snap awaits residents of Krasnoyarsk.
An intense heat wave is expected.
An intense heat wave is forecast.
An intense heat wave is predicted.
An intense regional diplomatic effort is needed to solve the Libyan crisis.
An intention-to-treat analysis was undertaken.
An interest in history and a love of historical reading will be most readily acquired by those children who approach this rich field of literature through the medium of stories of the great figures of the past.
An interesting CV, but I notice your last contract did not last long. Any comments?
An interesting Japanese anime is No. 6, about surviving post-apocalyptic ultramodern city-states in this world in the future.
An interesting lifeform that I like in Larry Niven's sci-fi Known Space is the Bandersnatchi, big slug-like herd animals that were created by the Tnuctipun during the telepathic Thrintun Empire about 1.5 billion years ago.
An interesting part of my university, UBC, is the Theology Mall, which includes an ancient castle-like grey stone building.
An interesting peculiarity of this plant is that it cannot pollenize itself, but is obliged to depend for its perpetuity upon a little moth whose sole aim in life seems to be to perform the work of pollenizing this plant.
An interesting proposal. Need to think it over.
An interesting proposition is raised in your book.
An interesting question remained unanswered.
An interesting record is still preserved of the inhuman cruelties which were inflicted on this admirable young woman in the secret of the prison house where no eye pitied her and where no friendly hand composed her aching limbs.
An interesting section in my university was old colonial records from the 1800's.
An interesting suggestion. I'll have to think it over.
An interfering old bag didn't keep her mouth shut.
An interfering old bag didn’t keep her mouth shut.
An internal error has occurred.
An internally flawless blue diamond, weighing 10.10 carats, was the star attraction at a recent press event in London.
An international agricultural research group recently announced a fellowship program to help African women who work in agricultural sciences to advance their careers.
An international aid group says East Africa is facing the worst humanitarian crisis in 10 years. The Britain-based agency, Oxfam, says climate change is leading to extreme drought, killing cattle and threatening lives throughout the region. The agency is appealing for millions of dollars for emergency relief.
An international conflict is brewing.
An international crew, typically consisting of six members, resides on the ISS for approximately six months at a time.
An international language cannot be liberatory in itself, but only in the hands of liberators.
An international language would be most useful for humanity.
An international language would be very useful for humanity.
An international scandal is brewing.
An international security apparatus was deployed in Kosovo.
An international student must wait at least 10 days after arriving in the U.S. before applying for a Social Security number.
An international team of astronomers Monday announced the discovery of a rare gas molecule — phosphine — in the clouds of Venus.
An international team of researchers has found evidence that humans in what is now Georgia were using flax some 30,000 years ago.
An international team of scientists has discovered that only a single gene is responsible for generating the rich patterns of colors in butterfly wings.
An international team of scientists has sequenced the complete genome of the woolly mammoth. Led by the Swedish Museum of Natural History in Stockholm, the work opens the door to recreate the huge herbivore, which last roamed the Earth 4,000 years ago. VOA’s Rosanne Skirble considers the science of de-extinction and its place on the planet.
An international trade ban could be the last straw for that country's economy.
An international trade ban could be the last straw for that country’s economy.
An internship is a way for many students to explore different careers and gain valuable skills during their education.
An internship is the most important credential for entering the job market.
An interpreter is one who enables two persons of different languages to understand each other by repeating to each what it would have been to the interpreter's advantage for the other to have said.
An interpreter needs to be able to communicate the ideas of the speaker to the listeners fast. The preciseness of the translation does not need to be perfect. There is not enough time to consider all details.
An intransitive verb is a verb that can have a direct complement (direct object).
An intriguing classmate in high school was Dominic, who had black wavy hair and light skin. He was of Italian descent.
An introvert is perfectly happy in a tiny little room with nothing.
An intruder entered Dan's room.
An intruder killed Tom.
An invasive species can be introduced to a new area via the ballast water of oceangoing ships, intentional and accidental releases of aquaculture species, aquarium specimens or bait, and other means.
An invasive species is an organism that causes ecological or economic harm in a new environment where it is not native.
An invented language is like a big poem. To learn one which is more or less well-established is a poetic adventure.
An investigation determined that extrinsic factors caused the building to collapse, rather than a flaw in its internal structure or materials.
An investigation established that the racehorse had been doped.
An investigation has been launched.
An investigation has been ordered.
An investigation is going on.
An investigation is ongoing.
An investigation is still pending.
An investigation is underway.
An investigation needs to be opened.
An investigation revealed that the cause of the fire was arson.
An investigation was launched.
An investigative committee has accused 300 organizations, individuals and some army officials of financial malfeasance totaling an estimated $241 million in fraud and overpayments of contracts.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
An investment is a short-term loss but a long-term gain.
An investors' group is attempting a leveraged buy-out of the firm.
An investors’ group is attempting a leveraged buy-out of the firm.
An ion enters a cell through an ion channel.
An ion is an atom or molecule with a net electric charge.
An ion is an atom or molecule with an electric charge.
An iron bridge was built across the river.
An iron curtain has descended across the Continent.
An irrational number is a number that cannot be expressed as a ratio between two integers and is not an imaginary number.
An irregular galaxy has an undefined shape and is full of young stars, dust, and gas.
An irresistible temptation came to me to imagine I was an enchanted princess shut up in a lonely tower with a handsome knight riding to my rescue on a coal-black steed.
An island came in sight.
An island is a piece of land surrounded by water that isn't large enough to be a continent.
An isolated system is a thermodynamic system that can't exchange energy or matter outside of the system.
An itching sensation can be linked to various causes.
An izakaya is a Japanese style pub.
An izakaya is a Japanese-style pub.
An oak is not felled at one stroke.
An oath is an oath.
An oath is worth a blow.
An object can be the theme of a text.
An object stays at rest unless disturbed by an external force.
An objective definition of terrorism is difficult; for almost every state, there's another definition of terror.
An objective of my proposed conlang Weena is to have a reduced minimal set of sinograms with a complement of phonograms, so that the calligraphic traditions of the Far East may be preserved.
An observant Muslim prays five times a day.
An observer would have found it difficult to say whether he was nearer to forty or to sixty.
An obsession with novelty is causing wine drinkers to reject some of the finest traditional grape varieties in their search for exclusivity in the form of little known and rare wines.
An obsession with the past does not augur well for the future, says Mr. O’Brien. It leads to extremes, not to the moderate policies that are needed. Even so, he thinks there are grounds for optimism.
An obstacle course has been set up.
An obstacle course was set up.
An obstetrician estimates the progress of childbirth by measuring the time between each contraction.
An occupation road is a private road used by landowners to access their properties.
An ocelot looks like a small leopard.
An octagon has eight angles and eight sides.
An octopus inks away when in fright.
An ocularist is a person who makes ocular prosthetics.
An oculist doesn't make ocular prosthetics; that's an ocularist.
An odd idea popped into my head.
An odd rocky cigar-shaped object called Oumuamua made news late last year when it was determined to be of interstellar origin.
An odd shoe was left on the doorstep.
An odd thing just happened.
An off-duty police officer arrested Tom.
An off-duty security guard said he had not heard the news, but found it hard to believe that he would no longer see income tax deductions on his salary. He said he sent his family back to his rural home in April because he could no longer afford to pay rent in the capital. He said it was cheaper for him to share a room with other workers than rent space for his wife and three children.
An off-road vehicle ends up turning everywhere it goes into a dirt road.
An offender escaped from a prison.
An offer like that is not to be refused.
An offering of flowers had been placed at the grave.
An office building, with 22 stories above ground and 2 below, is under construction.
An office chair should be fitted with a backrest.
An office girl was robbed of an envelope containing 100,000 yen on her way back from the bank.
An office job never appealed to me.
An office machine is cranking out a stream of documents.
An officer came with Dmitri to help him retrieve his truck.
An officer questioned Gabor for a long time.
An officer sat to Ziri and tried to calm him down.
An officer showed up at Claudio's front door for questioning.
An officer will be there soon.
An official statement was released yesterday.
An offside... No! We did it-!
An often bankrupt developer of real estate repeatedly claims that his companies are enormously successful, while two lawsuits characterize his so-called university as a fraudulent enterprise.
An ogre tried to eat Tom.
An oil leak was contained by a beaver dam in Alberta.
An old Kabyle expression says: “O you, to whom I give slack to the rope, do not forget that I hold the other end."
An old Witch met him on the road. She was very ugly to look at: her under-lip hung down to her breast.
An old acquaintance sent me a letter.
An old actor carries millions of souls within him.
An old belief is sometimes still widely current.
An old bicycle stood against the wall of the garage.
An old bicycle was found in a toolshed and handed over to me.
An old broom knows every corner of a room, but a new one cleans better.
An old castle stands near the river.
An old castle stands on top of the cliff.
An old dog barks not in vain.
An old dog doesn't bark without reason.
An old dog like me doesn't learn new tricks.
An old expression states "He sold a flourishing garden for an old plot."
An old fence surrounded the front yard.
An old flame never dies.
An old fox was seen around here.
An old friend came to my house for a visit.
An old friend is better than two new ones.
An old friend of mine dropped in on me for the first time in ages.
An old friend of mine has a privileged memory. He recounts scenes from his youth as if they happened yesterday.
An old friend of mine visited yesterday.
An old friend will call on me tomorrow.
An old gentleman with gold spectacles and grey hair came into the room, and said, in a slight French accent, 'Have I the honour of addressing Monsieur Erskine?'
An old hag of 50 years made me lustful propositions; she wanted to kiss me.
An old house with its windows gone always makes me think of something dead with its eyes picked out.
An old husband has a wife far younger than him.
An old lady guided us through the castle.
An old lady moved into the place next door.
An old lady moved to place next door.
An old lady sang to me.
An old lady shows her ticket to the ticket inspector. "But that's a child's ticket," he says. "Well, you can see how long I've been waiting for this train, then, can't you."
An old lady with a walker was trying to cross the street.
An old love doesn't rust.
An old man approached.
An old man broke into our conversation.
An old man came along.
An old man came tottering along.
An old man came up and shook Lincoln's hand.
An old man came up and shook Lincoln’s hand.
An old man does not easily learn a new language.
An old man entered the old church with his elder son, his younger daughter and her cute baby.
An old man entered the old church with his elder son, his younger daughter and her little baby.
An old man has a long gray beard.
An old man in a nightcap opened the window and looked out. He called down angrily: "What do you want at this hour of night?"
An old man indulges in drinking.
An old man is a child with a past.
An old man is sitting on a bench in the park.
An old man lay dead on the road.
An old man practiced Tai Chi in the park.
An old man sat down next to me on the bus.
An old man sat next to me on the bus.
An old man sat surrounded by his grandchildren.
An old man spoke to me on the street.
An old man spoke to me suddenly.
An old man steps into the street holding a cigarette in his hand.
An old man suddenly started talking to me.
An old man told his grandson, "My son, there is a battle between two wolves inside us all. One is evil. It is anger, jealousy, greed, resentment, inferiority, lies and ego. The other is good. It is joy, peace, love, hope, humility, kindness, empathy and truth." The boy thought about it and asked, "Grandfather, which wolf wins?" The old man quietly replied, "The one you feed."
An old man walking with a cane asked Tom to help him across the street.
An old man was at rest under the tree.
An old man was at the gate checking the tickets.
An old man was practicing Tai Chi in the park.
An old man was resting in the shade of the tree.
An old man was the éminence grise in the movie "The Wizard of Oz."
An old man who was observing them asked both.
An old memory came back to haunt me. Ugh, I hate when this happens.
An old name for a surname in Yiddish is "daytsh-nomen" ("German name"), as surnames weren't used by Ashkenazi Jews until they were assigned by the state in modern times.
An old oak is groaning in the storm.
An old oil painting hangs on the wall.
An old oil painting is hanging on the wall.
An old ox makes straight furrows.
An old parrot doesn't learn to speak.
An old person died last week.
An old person is a bridge between the past and the present.
An old phone number was listed on a paper stuck to the back cover of the photo album.
An old pond. A frog jumps in. The sound of water.
An old proverb says that time is money.
An old rocking chair was sitting in the living room.
An old saying goes: “The fly cried, cried. Then, when it tried to wipe its eyes, its head tore off."
An old tree provides shade.
An old woman asked us for directions.
An old woman described the world as resting on a turtle, and then explained that the turtle was supported by another turtle, and finally when pushed with questions said it was "turtles all the way down."
An old woman guided us through the castle.
An old woman is crossing the street.
An old woman is walking across the road.
An old woman limped along the street.
An old woman lives there.
An old woman sang to me.
An old woman was burned to death.
An old woman was burnt to death.
An old woman was found choked to death.
An old woman wheeled her suitcase through the compartment's open door.
An old wooden box served as table.
An old worker was found repairing machinery in the workshop.
An old, lonely man lives there.
An old, rickety footbridge is the only way to get to the other side of the gorge.
An older building may need a new, more efficient heating and cooling system. Experts say the first thing you need to know is the exact shape of all rooms in the building. You have to consider the size and position of heating and cooling equipment, windows and doors. Another consideration is the placement of electrical outlets — the areas where electrically-operated equipment can be connected to the power supply.
An older gentleman visited me.
An older man was sitting on the bench.
An oligopoly is an imperfect monopoly.
An olive branch symbolises peace.
An olive branch symbolizes peace.
An omnibus of Tom Jackson's work will be released on October 20.
An omniscient narrator knows everything about the story and characters.
An oni is a yōkai.
An oni will appear inevitably to those who fear oni.
An onion a day keeps mosquitoes away.
An online rant against Asian students at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) has caused an uproar on campus and beyond.
An only child is a child who grew up without siblings.
An opal is a form of silicon.
An open discussion with an atheist took place recently in a mosque in Cairo.
An open house was held Monday.
An open house will be held on Monday.
An open telegram lay upon the table.
An opera hat was pushed to the back of his head, and an evening dress shirt-front gleamed out through his open overcoat.
An operation is possible only under anaesthetic.
An operation is underway to find and capture a deserting soldier.
An operation on his throat helped him recover from the pneumonia, but it left him without his voice.
An operation that goes smoothly is a reason to celebrate.
An operation will be carried out in the Far East.
An ophthalmologist doesn't care for pregnant people; that's an obstetrician.
An ophthalmologist is an eye specialist.
An opinion is shocking only if it is a conviction.
An opponent of limited dimensions can often be quite diverting.
An opportunity arose for me to work in China, so I went and spent a year there.
An opportunity is coming for you to look towards the sky and see the most incredible show.
An opportunity like this doesn't come around every day.
An opportunity like this must be seized!
An opportunity like this only comes along once in a lifetime.
An opportunity like this will never come again.
An opportunity presented itself.
An opportunity to keep your mouth shut should never be missed.
An oppressive feeling attacked me around the chest.
An oppressive silence suddenly descended.
An optical illusion makes the second object look larger than the first.
An optimist believes we are living in the best of all possible world; a pessimist tends to agree with him.
An optimist is a person who knows exactly how sad the world is, while a pessimist concludes it anew every day.
An optimist is just a well-informed pessimist.
An optimist is someone who knows just how sad the world can be, while a pessimist is someone who comes to this realization all over again every day.
An optimist laughs to forget; a pessimist forgets to laugh.
An option is now under consideration.
An orange is orange.
An orange tree provides an orange.
An orator is made, but a poet is born.
An oratorical contest will be held next Sunday.
An order is an order and must be obeyed!
An orderly lifestyle and a regular diet are the keys to health.
An ordinary mortal isn't capable of working ten hours a day.
An organism is a world.
An organist accompanied the song of the believers.
An organization and its suppliers are interdependent and a mutually beneficial relationship enhances the ability of both to create value.
An organized kitchen helps us work efficiently and find what we need easily.
An original writer is not the one who does not imitate anyone, but the one who can't be imitated.
An original written with simplicity and clarity makes translators happy.
An orphan at three, he was brought up by a distant relative.
An orthogonal pair of polarized filters put together will block all light, but put a third one between them at a diagonal angle and some light will pass through.
An osprey can completely submerge itself when it dives after a fish.
An ostrich can not fly any more than a kangaroo can.
An ostrich can't fly any more than a kangaroo can.
An ostrich can't fly.
An ostrich cannot fly any more than a kangaroo can.
An ostrich does not fly through the air.
An ostrich egg weighs as much as twenty-four chicken eggs.
An otter's offspring are called pups.
An ounce of luck is worth a pound of wisdom.
An ounce of practice is worth a pound of precept.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
An ounce of wit that is bought is worse a pound that is taught.
An out-of-town flat costs half as much as one in town.
An outbreak is a sudden surge in the number of people coming down with a particular disease.
An outbreak of a brain-destroying virus is currently happening in the Kerala state of India.
An outpatient clinic is the part of a hospital designated for the treatment of outpatients.
An outspoken woman, Liz was often branded a virago.
An overcrowded trolleybus arrived at the stop.
An overtaking ban for lorries is in force on many motorways.
An overwhelming majority voted to abolish that cruel punishment.
An overwhelming majority voted to abolish the brutal punishment.
An overwhelming part of our behavior is learned.
An owl is a bird.
An owl is on the roof.
An owl is perched on the green tree.
An owl isn't an insect.
An owl sleeps by day and hunts by night.
An owl was perching on the tree, watching me.
An own goal occurs when a player scores a goal into his team's net.
An own language for each nation and a second that's shared by all.
An own language for each nation and a second that’s shared by all.
An ox is captured by the horns, a person is bound by his word.
An ox is taken by the horns, and a man by the tongue.
An oxyanion is an anion that contains the element oxygen.
An tinge of anxiety crosses my mind.
An ugly cat sat in my chair!
An ugly duckling became a graceful swan.
An ugly man knocked on my door.
An ugly wife is a good fence around the garden.
An ulcer forms in the stomach.
An ulcer is an inflammation.
An umbrella can protect against rain or sun.
An umbrella is useful in a mild rain, but when it rains cats and dogs an umbrella is of little help.
An unabashed scumbag like you wouldn't understand.
An unbreakable walnut in Bern has taken several casualties: 17 nutcrackers, 29 teeth, and a hammer.
An unclaimed child and his dog sit by the railroad tracks.
An uncle is a brother of your father or your mother.
An uncle is the brother of one of your parents.
An uncle is the brother of your father or mother.
An uncle of mine died last week.
An uncle of mine gave me some useful advice.
An uncle of mine gave me this.
An uncle of mine gave this to me.
An uncle of mine is a doctor.
An uncle of mine on my father's side is a doctor.
An unconditional love is love without coercion.
An uncontrolled life leads to misery.
An undated photo shows a shadowy shape that some people say is the Loch Ness monster in Scotland.
An undeciphered dream is an unread letter.
An undercover operative infiltrated the organization.
An undercover video shows workers allegedly abusing animals at Hybrid Turkeys.
An understanding of people is the greatest weapon you can possess.
An underwater cable between the two countries was installed.
An underwater fortress has been discovered under Lake Van in Turkey.
An uneasy conscience betrays itself.
An uneducated king ruins his people; prudent rulers make the city prosper.
An unexpected error has occurred.
An unexpected event demolished my life.
An unexpected knock at the door startled her, making her cry out.
An unexpected result came about.
An unexpected winter chill has returned to our region.
An unforgettable event occurred.
An unhappy mother does not raise a happy child.
An unhappy people makes for great artists.
An uninterpreted dream is like an unopened letter.
An uninvited guest is a pleasant surprise.
An uninvited guest is worse than a pest.
An unjust law is a human law that is not rooted in eternal law and natural law. Any law that uplifts human personality is just. Any law that degrades human personality is unjust.
An unjust law is no law.
An unjust law isn't a law.
An unjust peace is better than a just war.
An unknown intruder shot Fadil in his Cairo home.
An unknown man was walking to and fro along the pavement.
An unknown master painted both paintings around the year 1400.
An unknown number of victims may be trapped beneath the rubble.
An unnamed assailant fired a shot at the mayor before disappearing into the crowd.
An unpleasant emotion is never good.
An unpleasant feeling is always bad.
An unpublished work is like an undelivered present.
An unscrupulous person would sell even his own mother down the river.
An unseen force repeatedly hit Ziri.
An unseen presence seemed to be very near, upholding and supporting her, for what purpose she could not guess.
An untranslated sentence is like a flower waiting for pollination.
An unusual noise made him climb out of bed.
An up-to-date edition of the encyclopedia will come out next month.
An update is available.
An upsurge in cases reminded the people that the pandemic was not over yet.
An urban legend in New York is that there are alligators in the sewer.
An urban legend tells the story of how, dissatisfied with the micromanagement of their daily timelines, the crew staged a strike, some called it a mutiny, by turning off the space station’s radio, taking the day off, and doing whatever they pleased.
An urgent telegram brought her hurrying back to Tokyo.
An utterance can be an element of the text.
An Ã¥ngstrÃ¶m is smaller than a nanometer.
An ångström is smaller than a nanometer.
Ana and José are classmates.
Ana called me neurotypical. What does that mean?
Ana doesn't have a sister.
Ana doesn’t have a sister.
Ana has a lot of musical talent, but she'll never get to show it with this group.
Ana is a Brazilian citizen.
Ana is a sleepyhead. When she doesn't work, she doesn't get up before two o'clock.
Ana is from Paraguay. She is Paraguayan.
Ana only wants knowledge.
Ana was a beautiful girl.
Ana will not come to our party.
Ana's boyfriend is so cloying. He's always trying to kiss her and hold her hand.
Ana's password is the date of her birthday.
Ana, Marcos and Raphael are friends since childhood.
Anabolic steroids are banned by the International Olympic Committee.
Anaerobic respiration is distinct from fermentation.
Anakin doesn't like sand.
Analgesics may be used if pain is severe.
Analyn sold the cow.
Analyses of individual events abstracted from their historical context often come to erroneous conclusions.
Analysts don't expect any surprises.
Analysts expect more robust growth this year as rising incomes, falling interest rates and declining fuel prices pull more customers back to car showrooms.
Analysts for the European Project for Ice Coring in Antarctica say carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere are currently 27 percent higher than the highest levels in the past 650-thousand years.
Analysts say authorities are having to re-examine the way they handle the country's mounting environmental problems.
Analysts say despite the differences that have dogged their ties and a history of mistrust following a brief border war in 1962, these meetings underline that the two neighbors and strategic rivals are keen for relations to remain on an even keel.
Analysts say in a democracy, and more specifically in the United States, the role of the press is two-fold: to inform the public and, more importantly, to act as a watchdog on government activities.
Analysts say it is one more strand in the ever-expanding web of transportation channels pulling China and Southeast Asia closer under the banner of Beijing’s sprawling Belt and Road Initiative while boosting China’s sway across the region.
Analysts say the bank needs support from local fintech giants and big retailers to build the infrastructure, including distribution channels for the national virtual currency, which is being tested in cities such as Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen.
Analysts say the volatile situation will complicate efforts to address the deepening economic crisis that has triggered the largest-ever civil society protests in the country.
Analysts see it differently.
Analysts sense a growing hostility between the two countries.
Analysts warn that China could cut steel production, which would further depress iron ore prices.
Analysts were expecting an increase.
Analysts, however, say the deliberate omission of separatists from the discussions raises doubts about whether the meetings will ease ethnic tensions threatening to rip the country apart.
Analytically, "hominoid" should mean the same thing as "humanoid." But it's actual usage that determines the meaning of a word.
Analyze the Quran for yourself.
Analyze the situation before acting.
Analyzing dreams aids self-discovery.
Ananya used soot from the fireplace to paint a handlebar mustache on her face.
Anaphylaxis is a serious and life-threatening allergic reaction.
Anarchism is when you break stuff.
Anarchists believe society can function by mutual aid.
Anarchy can happen during wartime.
Anarchy followed the dictatorship.
Anarchy is order without power.
Anarchy is order.
Anarchy is the mother of order.
Anarchy isn't a lack of rules; it's a lack of rulers.
Anastasia doesn't think much of Daria's cooking, or of Daria herself.
Anastazja is the classmate of Ania.
Anastrophe, by switching around words, has the effect of emphasizing text.
Anasusana is a beautiful name and a palindrome.
Anatolian Sports team doesnt have main three players
Anatomical breast implants, however, can also deform the shape of the breast if they rotate sideways.
Ancestry is not a crime.
Anchises was a goatherd.
Anchorage is the largest city in Alaska.
Anchorage is the northernmost big city in the US.
Anchors are of solid iron and very heavy; and cables are made of hemp or of iron chain.
Anchors dress nice.
Ancient Berbers began settling in small villages and domesticating cattle and sheep.
Ancient Berbers developed a lucrative olive oil industry.
Ancient Berbers started to move around the Sahara Desert.
Ancient Carthaginians engaged in child sacrifice.
Ancient Christianity believed in the transmigration of souls.
Ancient Druids believed mistletoe had magical powers. The plant can be found growing on apple trees, lindens, maples and poplars. Mistletoe is a parasitic plant. It connects itself to a tree and steals nutrients and water.
Ancient Egypt used a solar calendar with 365 days in a year.
Ancient Egyptians turned papyrus into paper and provided the world with it for thousands of years.
Ancient Egyptians usually depicted Bennu as a gray heron.
Ancient Egyptians worshipped dung beetles.
Ancient Egyptians worshipped the scarab.
Ancient Germania is at least one of the ancestors of most of Europe.
Ancient Germanic tribes used medicinal herbs in their attempts to cure diseases.
Ancient Greek and Modern Greek are very different languages.
Ancient Greek is a dead language; Esperanto is a living language.
Ancient Greek is different from Modern Greek.
Ancient Greek is very difficult but very interesting.
Ancient Greeks built water wheels to grind grain thousands of years ago.
Ancient Greeks knew about static electricity.
Ancient Mediterraneans believed that what they breathed in and out was their soul.
Ancient Romans considered flamingo tongue a delicacy.
Ancient Rome was not a queer pagan paradise.
Ancient alien ruins in faraway outposts of the Human Space Sphere spooked many generations.
Ancient archeological sites are under threat in Syria.
Ancient astronomers did not have instruments to help them see objects in the sky.
Ancient astronomers noticed constellations and gave them names.
Ancient civilizations could be very sophisticated.
Ancient coins were found inside the mysterious tomb.
Ancient cultures had a variety of explanations for what the stars and planets were, but nearly all of them believed in the possibility of life forms much different from those they saw on Earth.
Ancient customs are dying out quickly today.
Ancient humans couldn't sleep on the ground if they didn't have fire to protect them.
Ancient manuscripts were copied by hand.
Ancient people liked to tell stories of bravery.
Ancient people lived close to nature.
Ancient people thought that droughts and earthquakes meant that the gods were displeased.
Ancient people worshiped many gods and goddesses.
Ancient people worshipped many gods and goddesses.
Ancient sailors used the constellations in the night sky to figure out where they were and where they were going.
Ancient science must be preserved.
Ancient society attributed great importance to the words of the prophet, considering him an inspired sage.
Ancient writers often glorified the battle that was fought near Marathon.
Ancients said: "A person looks at his reflection not in water but in rumor."
And Aaron spoke all the words which the Lord had said to Moses: and he wrought the signs before the people.
And Aaron stretched forth his hand upon the waters of Egypt, and the frogs came up, and covered the land of Egypt.
And Abimelech answered: I knew not who did this thing: and thou didst not tell me, and I heard not of it till today.
And Abimelech called also for Abraham, and said to him: What hast thou done to us? what have we offended thee in, that thou hast brought upon me and upon my kingdom a great sin? thou hast done to us what thou oughtest not to do.
And Abimelech forthwith rising up in the night, called all his servants: and spoke all these words in their hearing, and all the men were exceedingly afraid.
And Abimelech said: Why hast thou deceived us? Some man of the people might have lain with thy wife, and thou hadst brought upon us a great sin.
And Abimelech took sheep and oxen, and servants and handmaids, and gave to Abraham: and restored to him Sara his wife. And said: The land is before you, dwell wheresoever it shall please thee.
And Abraham answered, and said: Seeing I have once begun, I will speak to my Lord, whereas I am dust and ashes.
And Abraham called the name of his son, whom Sara bore him, Isaac.
And Abraham got up early in the morning, and in the place where he had stood before with the Lord: He looked towards Sodom and Gomorrha, and the whole land of that country: and he saw the ashes rise up from the earth as the smoke of a furnace.
And Abraham said: Beware thou never bring my son back again thither.
And Abraham said: God will provide himself a victim for an holocaust, my son. So they went on together.
And Abraham said: I will swear.
And Abraham set apart seven ewelambs of the flock. And Abimelech said to him: What mean these seven ewelambs which thou hast set apart?
And Abraham took Ismael his son, and all that were born in his house: and all whom he had bought, every male among the men of his house: and he circumcised the flesh of their foreskin forthwith the very same day, as God had commanded him.
And Abram added: But to me thou hast not given seed: and lo my servant born in my house shall be my heir.
And Abram made answer, and said to her: Behold thy handmaid is in thy own hand, use her as it pleaseth thee. And when Sarai afflicted her, she ran away.
And Abram said: Lord God, what wilt thou give me? I shall go without children: and the son of the steward of my house is this Damascus Eliezer.
And Abram went forward, going and proceeding on to the south.
And Abram went up out of Egypt he and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him into the south.
And Ada brought forth Jabel: who was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of herdsmen.
And Adam called all the beasts by their names, and all the fowls of the air, and all the cattle of the field: but for Adam there was not found a helper like himself.
And Adam called the name of his wife Eve: because she was the mother of all the living.
And Adam knew Eve his wife; who conceived and brought forth Cain, saying: I have gotten a man through God.
And Adam lived a hundred and thirty years, and begot a son to his own image and likeness, and called his name Seth.
And Adam said: The woman, whom thou gavest me to be my companion, gave me of the tree, and I did eat.
And Adam said: This now is bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh; she shall be called woman, because she was taken out of man.
And Agar brought forth a son to Abram: who called his name Ismael.
And Amalec came, and fought against Israel in Raphidim.
And Avram took his wife Sarai and his nephew Lot, and all their possessions that they had acquired, and all the people who they had acquired in Haran, and they left to go to the land of Canaan, and they came into the land of Canaan.
And Bangladesh has a lot of opportunities in this field.
And Boaz, taking ten men of the ancients of the city, said to them: Sit ye down here.
And Cain knew his wife, and she conceived, and brought forth Henoch: and he built a city, and called the name thereof by the name of his son Henoch.
And Cain said to Abel his brother: Let us go forth abroad. And when they were in the field, Cain rose up against his brother Abel, and slew him.
And Cain said to the Lord: My iniquity is greater than that I may deserve pardon.
And Cain said unto the Lord, My punishment is greater than I can bear.
And Cain went out from the presence of the Lord, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden.
And Cainan lived after he begot Malaleel, eight hundred and forty years, and begot sons and daughters.
And Cainan lived seventy years, and begot Malaleel.
And Dina the daughter of Lia went out to see the women of that country.
And Enos lived ninety years, and begot Cainan.
And Ephron answered: My lord, hear me. The ground which thou desirest, is worth four hundred sicles of silver: this is the price between me and thee: but what is this? bury thy dead.
And Esau being forty years old, married wives, Judith, the daughter of Beeri, the Hethite, and Basemath, the daughter of Elon, of the same place.
And Esau dwelt in mount Seir: he is Edom.
And Esau said to him: Hast thou only one blessing, father? I beseech thee bless me also.
And Esau said: What are the droves that I met? He answered: That I might find favour before my lord.
And Esau seeing that his father had blessed Jacob, and had sent him into Mesopotamia of Syria, to marry a wife thence; and that after the blessing he had charged him, saying: Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan: and that Jacob obeying his parents, was gone into Syria: experiencing also, that his father was not well pleased with the daughters of Canaan:
And Esau took his wives, and his sons and daughters, and every soul of his house, and his substance, and cattle, and all that he was able to acquire in the land of Canaan: and went into another country, and departed from his brother Jacob.
And God almighty bless thee, and make thee to increase and multiply thee: that thou mayst be a multitude of people.
And God appeared again to Jacob, after he returned from Mesopotamia of Syria, and he blessed him, saying: Thou shalt not be called any more Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name. And he called him Israel.
And God blessed Noah and his sons. And he said to them: Increase, and multiply, and fill the earth.
And God blessed them, saying: Increase and multiply, and fill the earth, and subdue it, and rule over the fishes of the sea, and the fowls of the air, and all living creatures that move upon the earth.
And God called the dry land, Earth; and the gathering together of the waters, he called Seas. And God saw that it was good.
And God called the firmament, Heaven; and the evening and morning were the second day.
And God called the light day, and the darkness He called the night.
And God came to Abimelech in a dream by night, and he said to him: Lo thou shalt die for the woman that thou hast taken: for she hath a husband.
And God created man to his own image: to the image of God he created him: male and female he created them.
And God created the great whales, and every living and moving creature, which the waters brought forth, according to their kinds, and every winged fowl according to its kind. And God saw that it was good.
And God hath taken your father's substance, and given it to me.
And God heard her prayers; and she conceived: and bore a fifth son. And said: God hath given me a reward, because I gave my handmaid to my husband. And she called his name Issachar.
And God heard the voice of the boy: and an angel of God called to Agar from heaven, saying: What art thou doing, Agar? fear not; for God hath heard the voice of the boy, from the place wherein he is.
And God made a firmament, and divided the waters that were under the firmament, from those that were above the firmament, and it was so.
And God made the beasts of the earth according to their kinds, and cattle, and every thing that creepeth on the earth after its kind. And God saw that it was good.
And God made two great lights: a greater light to rule the day; and a lesser light to rule the night: and the stars.
And God opened her eyes: and she saw a well of water, and went and filled the bottle, and gave the boy to drink.
And God remembered Noah, and all the living creatures, and all the cattle which were with him in the ark, and brought a wind upon the earth, and the waters were abated.
And God said again to Moses: Thus shalt thou say to the children of Israel: The Lord God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob hath sent me to you; this is my name for ever, and this is my memorial unto all generations.
And God said to Abraham: Sara thy wife shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name Isaac, and I will establish my covenant with him for a perpetual covenant, and with his seed after him.
And God said to Noah: This shall be the sign of the covenant, which I have established, between me and all flesh upon the earth.
And God said to him: And I know that thou didst it with a sincere heart: and therefore I withheld thee from sinning against me, and I suffered thee not to touch her.
And God said to him: Let it not seem grievous to thee for the boy, and for thy bondwoman: in all that Sara hath said to thee, hearken to her voice: for in Isaac shall thy seed be called.
And God said, "Let there be light." And there was light.
And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.
And God said: Behold I have given you every herb bearing seed upon the earth, and all trees that have in themselves seed of their own kind, to be your meat.
And God said: Let the earth bring forth the living creature in its kind, cattle and creeping things, and beasts of the earth, according to their kinds. And it was so done.
And God said: Let there be a firmament made amidst the waters: and let it divide the waters from the waters.
And God said: Let there be light. And there was light.
And God said: Let there be lights made in the firmament of heaven, to divide the day and the night, and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days and years: to shine in the firmament of heaven, and to give light upon the earth, and it was so done.
And God said: Love!
And God said: My spirit shall not remain in man for ever, because he is flesh, and his days shall be a hundred and twenty years.
And God said: This is the sign of the covenant which I give between me and you, and to every living soul that is with you, for perpetual generations. I will set my bow in the clouds, and it shall be the sign of a covenant between me and the earth.
And God saw that it was good.
And God saw that the light was good and He approved it; and God separated the light from the darkness.
And God saw the light that it was good; and he divided the light from the darkness.
And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness. And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night.
And God seeing that the wickedness of men was great on the earth, and that all the thought of their heart was bent upon evil at all times, It repented him that he had made man on the earth.
And God sent me before, that you may be preserved upon the earth, and may have food to live.
And God spoke to Noah, saying: Go out of the ark, thou and thy wife, thy sons and the wives of thy sons with thee. All living things that are with thee of all flesh, as well in fowls as in beasts, and all creeping things that creep upon the earth, bring out with thee, and go ye upon the earth: increase and multiply upon it.
And God was with him: and he grew, and dwelt in the wilderness, and became a young man, an archer.
And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brethren without.
And He said, "You may not see My face, for no one may see Me and live."
And Helena replied: "Two cakes aren't a lot for me; it would be a lot if it were five or six cakes; but two cakes are very few."
And Hemor spoke to them: The soul of my son Sichem has a longing for your daughter: give her him to wife: and let us contract marriages one with another: give us your daughters, and take you our daughters.
And Henoch begot Irad, and Irad begot Maviael, and Maviael begot Mathusael, and Mathusael begot Lamech.
And Henoch lived sixty-five years, and begot Mathusala.
And Henoch walked with God: and lived after he begot Mathusala, three hundred years, and begot sons and daughters.
And Her, the first born of Juda, was wicked in the sight of the Lord: and was slain by him.
And I always worried about it.
And I answer: no.
And I asked her, and said: Whose daughter art thou? And she answered: I am the daughter of Bathuel, the son of Nachor, whom Melcha bore to him. So I put earrings on her to adorn her face, and I put bracelets on her hands.
And I begged her on my bended knees.
And I believe at our best, America is a beacon for the globe.
And I call on the chairman of the Education Committee to support the motion.
And I came today to the well of water, and said: O Lord God of my master, Abraham, if thou hast prospered my way, wherein I now walk, behold, I stand by the well of water, and the virgin, that shall come out to draw water, who shall hear me say: Give me a little water to drink of thy pitcher: and shall say to me: Both drink thou, and I will also draw for thy camels: let the same be the woman, whom the Lord hath prepared for my master's son.
And I confirm that, at this moment, Portuguese has surpassed Spanish in the number of sentences in Tatoeba.
And I did not shoot. I couldn't... At the last moment, it's shameful to say... I didn't have the courage to shoot.
And I don't know how long he wandered in the desert without as much as a drop of water in his mouth, but in the end he managed to come across a small village.
And I don't really want to, either.
And I give my heart to know wisdom, and to know madness and folly: I have known that even this is vexation of spirit; for, in abundance of wisdom is abundance of sadness, and he who addeth knowledge addeth pain.
And I grabbed him by his feet and said: "How humiliating this must be for you!"
And I had never listened to his records.
And I had sex twice already, and it's just midday here.
And I have said the word to bring you forth out of the affliction of Egypt, into the land of the Canaanite, and Hethite, and Amorrhite, and Pherezite, and Hevite, and Jebusite, to a land that floweth with milk and honey.
And I have to do that day by day.
And I know the next thing you're going to say is: "How many people have you poisoned?"
And I know you didn't do it for me.
And I know you didn't do this just to win an election.
And I know you didn't do this just to win an election. And I know you didn't do it for me. You did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead. For even as we celebrate tonight, we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime: two wars, a planet in peril, the worst financial crisis in a century.
And I know you didn’t do it for me.
And I know you didn’t do this just to win an election.
And I know you didn’t do this just to win an election. And I know you didn’t do it for me. You did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead. For even as we celebrate tonight, we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime: two wars, a planet in peril, the worst financial crisis in a century.
And I know you're reading this.
And I like love.
And I must thank my lovely wife, Kate, who was behind me every step of the way.
And I said, "Wisdom is better than might, but the wisdom of the poor man is despised, and his words are not heard."
And I said, My leanness, my leanness, woe unto me! The treacherous have dealt treacherously; yea, the treacherous have dealt very treacherously.
And I saw the new heaven and the new earth.
And I shall harden his heart and he will pursue you: and I shall be glorified in Pharaoh, and in all his army: and the Egyptians shall know that I am the Lord.
And I testify that this is the Son of God.
And I think she highlighted her hair.
And I think you do know him.
And I thought we had problems.
And I thought you could smoke here.
And I thought you were open to new ideas and open-minded discussion.
And I want to study many languages because I want to understand the world. Currently, I'm working on my degree in Classical Greek.
And I was fourteen years old before I touched a piano for the first time.
And I was left to winter here while you went west for pleasure.
And I will be thy keeper whithersoever thou goest, and will bring thee back into this land: neither will I leave thee, till I shall have accomplished all that I have said.
And I will bless her, and of her I will give thee a son, whom I will bless, and he shall become nations, and kings of people shall spring from him.
And I will establish my covenant between me and thee, and between thy seed after thee in their generations, by a perpetual covenant: to be a God to thee, and to thy seed after thee.
And I will establish my covenant with thee, and thou shalt enter into the ark, thou and thy sons, and thy wife, and the wives of thy sons with thee.
And I will give favour to this people, in the sight of the Egyptians: and when you go forth, you shall not depart empty. But every woman shall ask of her neighbour, and of her that is in her house, vessels of silver and of gold, and raiment: and you shall put them on your sons and daughters, and shall spoil Egypt.
And I will harden the heart of the Egyptians to pursue you: and I will be glorified in Pharaoh, and in all his host, and in his chariots and in his horsemen.
And I will make my covenant between me and thee: and I will multiply thee exceedingly.
And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and magnify thy name, and thou shalt be blessed.
And I will make the land of Goshen wonderful in that day, so that flies shall not be there: and thou shalt know that I am the Lord in the midst of the earth. And I will put a division between my people and thy people: to morrow shall this sign be.
And I will make thee increase exceedingly, and I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee.
And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth: if any man be able to number the dust of the earth, he shall be able to number thy seed also.
And I will multiply thy seed like the stars of heaven: and I will give to thy posterity all these countries: and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed, because Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept my precepts and commandments, and observed my ceremonies and laws.
And I will pass through the land of Egypt that night, and will kill every firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast: and against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgments; I am the Lord.
And I will raise it again in three days.
And I will set a morsel of bread, and strengthen ye your heart, afterwards you shall pass on: for therefore are you come aside to your servant.
And I wondered where it all has went.
And I would like to mention another detail.
And I would not be standing here this evening without the unyielding support of my best friend for the past 16 years, the cornerstone of our family, the love of my life, the First Lady of the nation, Michelle Obama.
And I would not be standing here tonight without the unyielding support of my best friend for the last 16 years, the rock of our family, the love of my life, the nation's next first lady, Michelle Obama.
And I would not be standing here tonight without the unyielding support of my best friend for the last 16 years, the rock of our family, the love of my life, the nation’s next first lady, Michelle Obama.
And I'll be a chicken that smells like a sloth!
And I'll put my two cents in as well.
And I'm 16 years old.
And I'm in Lvov now!
And I'm still in love with her.
And I'm sure I know what caused it.
And I've also got to pay the grocer, the greengrocer, the bakery, the dairy and what have you.
And I, according to you, am doing what?
And Isaac and Ismael his sons buried him in the double cave, which was situated in the field of Ephron the son of Seor the Hethite, over against Mambre, which he had bought of the children of Heth: there was he buried, and Sara his wife.
And Isaac besought the Lord for his wife, because she was barren: and he heard him, and made Rebecca to conceive.
And Isaac called Jacob, and blessed him, and charged him, saying: Take not a wife of the stock of Canaan, but go, and take a journey to Mesopotamia of Syria, to the house of Bathuel, thy mother's father, and take thee a wife thence of the daughters of Laban, thy uncle.
And Isaac said to him: Why! who art thou? He answered: I am thy firstborn son, Esau.
And Isaac said to his son: How couldst thou find it so quickly, my son? He answered: It was the will of God, that what I sought came quickly in my way.
And Isaac said: Come hither, that I may feel thee, my son, and may prove whether thou be my son Esau, or no.
And Isaac sowed in that land, and he found that same year a hundredfold: and the Lord blessed him.
And Israel dwelt in the land of Egypt, in the country of Goshen; and they had possessions therein, and grew, and multiplied exceedingly.
And Israel taking his journey, with all that he had, came to the well of the oath, and killing victims there to the God of his father Isaac, he heard him, by a vision in the night, calling him, and saying to him: Jacob, Jacob. And he answered him: Lo, here I am.
And I’m Bob Doughty. You can learn more about hepatitis, and download transcripts and audio of our programs, at voaspecialenglish.com. Listen again next week for more news about science in Special English on the Voice of America.
And I’m in Lvov now!
And I’m not sure there’s anyone better at yanking up their galoshes and trudging onward in the face of loss.
And I’m sure I know what caused it.
And Jacob arising in the morning, took the stone which he had laid under his head, and set it up for a title, pouring oil upon the top of it.
And Jacob being angry said in a chiding manner: For what fault of mine, and for what offence on my part hast thou so hotly pursued me, and searched all my household stuff? What hast thou found of all the substance of thy house? lay it here before my brethren, and thy brethren, and let them judge between me and thee.
And Jacob being angry with her, answered: Am I as God, who hath deprived thee of the fruit of thy womb?
And Jacob being in love with her, said: I will serve thee seven years for Rachel, thy younger daughter.
And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from before Pharaoh.
And Jacob blessed the sons of Joseph, and said: God, in whose sight my fathers Abraham and Isaac walked, God that feedeth me from my youth until this day: The angel that delivereth me from all evils, bless these boys: and let my name be called upon them, and the names of my fathers Abraham and Isaac; and may they grow into a multitude upon the earth.
And Jacob boiled pottage: to whom Esau, coming faint out of the field, said: Give me of this red pottage, for I am exceeding faint. For which reason his name was called Edom.
And Jacob called his sons, and said to them: Gather yourselves together, that I may tell you the things that shall befall you in the last days.
And Jacob called the name of the place Phanuel, saying: I have seen God face to face, and my soul has been saved.
And Jacob came to Luza, which is in the land of Canaan, surnamed Bethel: he and all the people that were with him.
And Jacob came to Socoth: where having built a house, and pitched tents, he called the name of the place Socoth, that is, Tents.
And Jacob dwelt in the land of Canaan, wherein his father sojourned.
And Jacob erected a pillar over her sepulchre: this is the pillar of Rachel's monument, to this day.
And Jacob having called together all his household, said: Cast away the strange gods that are among you, and be cleansed, and change your garments.
And Jacob hearing that food was sold in Egypt, said to his sons: Why are ye careless? I have heard that wheat is sold in Egypt: Go ye down, and buy us necessaries, that we may live, and not be consumed with want.
And Jacob lifting up his eyes, saw Esau coming, and with him four hundred men: and he divided the children of Lia and of Rachel, and of the two handmaids.
And Jacob put his rough hand reverently upon the open Bible that lay on Mary's knees.
And Jacob rose up from Beersheba: and the sons of Israel carried Jacob their father, and their little ones, and their wives, in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him. And they took their cattle, and their goods, which they had gotten in the land of Canaan, and came into Egypt, Jacob, and all his seed with him: His sons, and his sons' sons with him, his daughters, and his sons' daughters, and all his seed brought he with him into Egypt.
And Jacob said to him: Sell me thy first birthright.
And Jacob said: Do not so I beseech thee, but if I have found favour in thy eyes, receive a little present at my hands: for I have seen thy face, as if I should have seen the countenance of God: be gracious to me.
And Jacob said: I am Esau, thy firstborn: I have done as thou didst command me: arise, sit and eat of my venison, that thy soul may bless me.
And Jacob said: My lord, thou knowest that I have with me tender children, and sheep, and kine with young: which if I should cause to be overdriven, in one day all the flocks will die.
And Jacob said: O God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac: O Lord who saidst to me, Return to thy land, and to the place of thy birth, and I will do well for thee, I am not worthy of the least of all thy mercies, and of thy truth which thou hast fulfilled to thy servant.
And Jacob said: There is yet much day remaining, neither is it time to bring the flocks into the folds again: first give the sheep drink, and so lead them back to feed.
And Jacob separated the flock, and put the rods in the troughs before the eyes of the rams; and all the white and the black were Laban's, and the rest were Jacob's, when the flocks were separated one from the other.
And Jacob took a stone, and set it up for a title. And he said to his brethren: Bring hither stones. And they, gathering stones together, made a heap, and they ate upon it.
And Jacob took green rods of poplar, and of almond, and of plane-trees, and pilled them in part; so when the bark was taken off, in the parts that were pilled, there appeared whiteness; but the parts that were whole remained green; and by this means the colour was divers.
And Jacob would not confess to his father-in-law that he was flying away.
And Jared lived a hundred and sixty-two years, and begot Henoch.
And Jared lived after he begot Henoch, eight hundred years, and begot sons and daughters.
And Jesus and his disciples had also been invited to the wedding.
And Jesus said: "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do."
And Jesus wondered because of their unbelief, and he went through the villages round about teaching.
And Jethro rejoiced for all the good things that the Lord had done to Israel, because he had delivered them out of the hands of the Egyptians.
And Jethro, the kinsman of Moses, came with his sons, and his wife to Moses into the desert, where he was camped by the mountain of God. And he sent word to Moses, saying: I Jethro, thy kinsman, come to thee, and thy wife, and thy two sons with her.
And Joseph answered him: I will do what thou hast commanded. And he said: Swear then to me. And as he was swearing, Israel adored God, turning to the bed's head.
And Joseph brought in Jacob his father, and set him before Pharaoh: and Jacob blessed Pharaoh. And Pharaoh said unto Jacob, How old art thou? And Jacob said unto Pharaoh, The days of the years of my pilgrimage are an hundred and thirty years: few and evil have the days of the years of my life been, and have not attained unto the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage.
And Joseph commanded the steward of his house, saying: Fill their sacks with corn, as much as they can hold: and put the money of every one in the top of his sack. And in the mouth of the younger's sack put my silver cup, and the price which he gave for the wheat. And it was so done.
And Joseph found favour in the sight of his master, and ministered to him: and being set over all by him, he governed the house committed to him, and all things that were delivered to him: And the Lord blessed the house of the Egyptian for Joseph's sake, and multiplied all his substance, both at home and in the fields.
And Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, for the corn which they bought: and Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh's house.
And Joseph kissed all his brethren, and wept upon every one of them: after which they were emboldened to speak to him.
And Joseph lifting up his eyes, saw Benjamin, his brother by the same mother, and said: Is this your young brother, of whom you told me? And he said: God be gracious to thee, my son.
And Joseph placed his father and his brethren, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded. And Joseph nourished his father, and his brethren, and all his father's household, with bread, according to their families.
And Joseph returned into Egypt with his brethren, and all that were in his company, after he had buried his father.
And Joseph said unto his brethren, and unto his father's house, I will go up, and shew Pharaoh, and say unto him, My brethren, and my father's house, which were in the land of Canaan, are come unto me.
And Joseph said unto them, Fear not: for am I in the place of God?
And Joseph seeing that his father had put his right hand upon the head of Ephraim, was much displeased: and taking his father's hand, he tried to lift it from Ephraim's head, and to remove it to the head of Manasses.
And Joseph was brought into Egypt, and Putiphar, an eunuch of Pharaoh, chief captain of the army, an Egyptian, bought him of the Ismaelites, by whom he was brought.
And Joseph was governor in the land of Egypt, and corn was sold by his direction to the people.
And Joseph was of a beautiful countenance, and comely to behold.
And Josue put Amalec and his people to flight, by the edge of the sword.
And Juda at the head of his brethren went in to Joseph (for he was not yet gone out of the place) and they all together fell down before him on the ground.
And Juda said to him: What shall we answer my lord? or what shall we say, or be able justly to allege? God hath found out the iniquity of thy servants: behold, we are all bondmen to my lord, both we, and he with whom the cup was found.
And Juda said to his brethren: What will it profit us to kill our brother, and conceal his blood?
And Juda said to his father: Send the boy with me, that we may set forward, and may live: lest both we and our children perish.
And Juda said: Bring her out that she may be burnt.
And Juda sent a kid by his shepherd, the Odollamite, that he might receive the pledge again, which he had given to the woman: but he, not finding her, asked the men of that place: Where is the woman that sat in the cross way?
And Juda took a wife for Her, his first born, whose name was Thamar.
And Laban and Bathuel answered: The word hath proceeded from the Lord: we cannot speak any other thing to thee but his pleasure.
And Laban called it 'The witness heap'; and Jacob, 'The hillock of testimony': each of them according to the propriety of his language.
And Laban said: I like well what thou demandest.
And Laban said: This heap shall be a witness between me and thee this day, and therefore the name thereof was called Galaad, that is, The witness heap. The Lord behold and judge between us, when we shall be gone one from the other.
And Laban said: What shall I give thee? But he said: I require nothing, but if thou wilt do what I demand, I will feed and keep thy sheep again.
And Lamech lived a hundred and eighty-two years, and begot a son. And he called his name Noah, saying: This same shall comfort us from the works and labours of our hands on the earth, which the Lord hath cursed.
And Lamech lived after he begot Noah, five hundred and ninety-five years, and begot sons and daughters.
And Lamech said to his wives Ada and Sella: Hear my voice, ye wives of Lamech, hearken to my speech: for I have slain a man to the wounding of myself, and a stripling to my own bruising.
And Lia conceived again, and bore the sixth son. And said: God hath endowed me with a good dowry; this turn also my husband will be with me, because I have borne him six sons: and therefore she called his name Zabulon.
And Lia said: This is for my happiness: for women will call me blessed. Therefore she called him Aser.
And Lot chose to himself the country about the Jordan, and he departed from the east: and they were separated one brother from the other.
And Lot lifting up his eyes saw all the country about the Jordan, which was watered throughout, before the Lord destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, as the paradise of the Lord, and like Egypt as one comes to Segor.
And Lot said to them: I beseech thee, my Lord, Because thy servant hath found grace before thee, and thou hast magnified thy mercy, which thou hast shewn to me, in saving my life, and I cannot escape to the mountain, lest some evil seize me, and I die.
And Lot went up out of Segor, and abode in the mountain, and his two daughters with him (for he was afraid to stay in Segor) and he dwelt in a cave, he and his two daughters with him.
And Malaleel lived after he begot Jared, eight hundred and thirty years, and begot sons and daughters.
And Malaleel lived sixty-five years and begot Jared.
And Mary was buried in the rural graveyard, under the shadow of the belfry tower.
And Mathlusala lived after he begot Lamech, seven hundred and eighty-two years, and begot sons and daughters.
And Mathusala lived a hundred and eighty-seven years, and begot Lamech.
And Moses and Aaron did all the wonders that are written, before Pharaoh. And the Lord hardened Pharaoh's heart, neither did he let the children of Israel go out of his land.
And Moses and Aaron did as the Lord had commanded: and lifting up the rod, he struck the water of the river before Pharaoh and his servants: and it was turned into blood.
And Moses and Aaron said to the children of Israel: In the evening you shall know that the Lord hath brought you forth out of the land of Egypt: And in the morning you shall see the glory of the Lord.
And Moses and Aaron went forth from Pharaoh: and Moses cried to the Lord for the promise, which he had made to Pharaoh concerning the frogs.
And Moses answered him: The people come to me to seek the judgment of God.
And Moses brought Israel from the Red Sea, and they went forth into the wilderness of Sur: and they marched three days through the wilderness, and found no water.
And Moses built an altar; and called the name thereof, The Lord, my exaltation, saying: Because the hand of the throne of the Lord, and the war of the Lord shall be against Amalec, from generation to generation.
And Moses called all the ancients of the children of Israel, and said to them: Go take a lamb by your families, and sacrifice the Phase.
And Moses came down from the mount to the people, and sanctified them. And when they had washed their garments, he said to them: Be ready against the third day, and come not near your wives.
And Moses cried to the Lord, saying: What shall I do to this people? Yet a little more and they will stone me.
And Moses going forth from the presence of Pharaoh, prayed to the Lord. And he made a very strong wind to blow from the west, and it took the locusts and cast them into the Red Sea: there remained not so much as one in all the coasts of Egypt.
And Moses returned to the Lord, and said: Lord, why hast thou afflicted this people? wherefore hast thou sent me? For since the time that I went in to Pharaoh to speak in thy name, he hath afflicted thy people: and thou hast not delivered them.
And Moses said to Aaron: Take a vessel, and put manna into it, as much as a gomor can hold; and lay it up before the Lord, to keep unto your generations.
And Moses said to God: Who am I that I should go to Pharaoh, and should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt?
And Moses said to Josue: Choose out men; and go out and fight against Amalec: tomorrow I will stand on the top of the hill, having the rod of God in my hand.
And Moses said to Pharaoh: Set me a time when I shall pray for thee, and for thy servants, and for thy people, that the frogs may be driven away from thee and from thy house, and from thy servants, and from thy people; and may remain only in the river.
And Moses said to the Lord: The people cannot come up to Mount Sinai: for thou didst charge, and command, saying: Set limits about the mount, and sanctify it.
And Moses said to the people: Fear not: stand, and see the great wonders of the Lord, which he will do this day; for the Egyptians, whom you see now, you shall see no more for ever.
And Moses said to the people: Fear not; for God is come to prove you, and that the dread of him might be in you, and you should not sin.
And Moses said to the people: Remember this day in which you came forth out of Egypt, and out of the house of bondage, for with a strong hand hath the Lord brought you forth out of this place: that you eat no leavened bread.
And Moses said to them: Let no man leave thereof till the morning.
And Moses said: Eat it to day, because it is the sabbath of the Lord: to day it shall not be found in the field.
And Moses said: I will go out from thee, and will pray to the Lord: and the flies shall depart from Pharaoh, and from his servants, and from his people to morrow: but do not deceive any more, in not letting the people go to sacrifice to the Lord.
And Moses said: I will go, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt.
And Moses said: In the evening the Lord will give you flesh to eat, and in the morning bread to the full: for he hath heard your murmurings, with which you have murmured against him, for what are we? your murmuring is not against us, but against the Lord.
And Moses said: It cannot be so: for we shall sacrifice the abominations of the Egyptians to the Lord our God: now if we kill those things which the Egyptians worship, in their presence, they will stone us.
And Moses said: This is the word which the Lord hath commanded: Fill a gomor of it, and let it be kept unto generations to come hereafter; that they may know the bread, wherewith I fed you in the wilderness when you were brought forth out of the land of Egypt.
And Moses stretched forth his hand towards heaven: and there came horrible darkness in all the land of Egypt for three days.
And Moses stretched forth his rod towards heaven, and the Lord sent thunder and hail, and lightnings running along the ground: and the Lord rained hail upon the land of Egypt.
And Moses stretched forth his rod upon the land of Egypt: and the Lord brought a burning wind all that day, and night; and when it was morning, the burning wind raised the locusts. And they came up over the whole land of Egypt; and rested in all the coasts of the Egyptians, innumerable, the like as had not been before that time, nor shall be hereafter.
And Moses told Aaron all the words of the Lord, by which he had sent him, and the signs that he had commanded.
And Moses told the words of the people to the Lord. And he said to him: Go to the people, and sanctify them to day, and to morrow, and let them wash their garments.
And Moses took Joseph's bones with him: because he had adjured the children of Israel, saying: God shall visit you, carry out my bones from hence with you.
And Moses was content to dwell with the man. And he took Sephora his daughter to wife.
And Moses was eighty years old, and Aaron eighty-three, when they spoke to Pharaoh.
And Moses went down to the people and told them all.
And Moses went up to God; and the Lord called unto him from the mountain, and said: Thus shalt thou say to the house of Jacob, and tell the children of Israel: You have seen what I have done to the Egyptians, how I have carried you upon the wings of eagles, and have taken you to myself.
And Moses's hands were heavy: so they took a stone, and put under him, and he sat on it: and Aaron and Hur stayed up his hands on both sides. And it came to pass, that his hands were not weary until sunset.
And Noah a husbandman began to till the ground, and planted a vineyard. And drinking of the wine was made drunk, and was uncovered in his tent.
And Noah awaking from the wine, when he had learned what his younger son had done to him, he said: Cursed be Canaan, a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren.
And Noah built an altar to the LORD; and took of every clean beast, and of every clean fowl, and offered burnt offerings on the altar.
And Noah built an altar unto the Lord: and taking of all cattle and fowls that were clean, offered holocausts upon the altar.
And Noah did all things which God commanded him.
And Noah did all things which the Lord had commanded him.
And Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years. And all his days were in the whole nine hundred and fifty years: and he died.
And Noah was six hundred years old when the waters of the flood overflowed the earth.
And Noah went in and his sons, his wife and the wives of his sons with him into the ark, because of the waters of the flood.
And Noah, when he was five hundred years old, begot Sem, Cham, and Japheth.
And Noe did all things which the Lord had commanded him.
And Noemi taking the child, laid it in her bosom, and she carried it, and was a nurse unto it.
And Pharaoh answered: So be the Lord with you, as I shall let you and your children go: who can doubt but that you intend some great evil? It shall not be so, but go ye men only, and sacrifice to the Lord: for this yourselves also desired. And immediately they were cast out from Pharaoh's presence.
And Pharaoh arose in the night, and all his servants, and all Egypt: and there arose a great cry in Egypt; for there was not a house wherein there lay not one dead.
And Pharaoh being angry with them, (now the one was chief butler, the other chief baker,) he sent them to the prison of the commander of the soldiers, in which Joseph also was prisoner.
And Pharaoh called Abram, and said to him: What is this that thou hast done to me? Why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife?
And Pharaoh called Moses and Aaron, and said to them: Go and sacrifice to your God in this land.
And Pharaoh called Moses and Aaron, and said to them: Go, sacrifice to the Lord: let your sheep only, and herds remain, let your children go with you.
And Pharaoh called for Moses and for Aaron, and said, Go ye, sacrifice to your God in the land.
And Pharaoh called the wise men and the magicians; and they also by Egyptian enchantments and certain secrets, did in like manner. And they every one cast down their rods, and they were turned into serpents: but Aaron's rod devoured their rods.
And Pharaoh calling Moses and Aaron, in the night, said: Arise and go forth from among my people, you and the children of Israel: go, sacrifice to the Lord as you say.
And Pharaoh gave his men orders concerning Abram, and they led him away and his wife, and all that he had.
And Pharaoh heard of this word, and sought to kill Moses: but he fled from his sight, and abode in the land of Madian, and he sat down by a well.
And Pharaoh said to Moses: Get thee from me, and beware thou see not my face any more: in what day soever thou shalt come in my sight, thou shalt die.
And Pharaoh said to him: Go up and bury thy father according as he made thee swear.
And Pharaoh said: I will let you go to sacrifice to the Lord your God in the wilderness, but go no farther: pray for me.
And Pharaoh said: The people of the land are numerous; you see that the multitude is increased; how much more if you give them rest from their works?
And Pharaoh seeing that rest was given, hardened his own heart, and did not hear them, as the Lord had commanded.
And Pharaoh seeing that the rain, and the hail, and the thunders were ceased, increased his sin: and his heart was hardened, and the heart of his servants, and it was made exceeding hard: neither did he let the children of Israel go, as the Lord had commanded by the hand of Moses.
And Pharaoh sent and called Moses and Aaron, saying to them: I have sinned this time also, the Lord is just: I and my people, are wicked.
And Pharaoh sent to see; and there was not any thing dead of that which Israel possessed. And Pharaoh's heart was hardened, and he did not let the people go.
And Pharaoh spake unto Joseph, saying, Thy father and thy brethren are come unto thee: The land of Egypt is before thee; in the best of the land make thy father and brethren to dwell; in the land of Goshen let them dwell: and if thou knowest any men of activity among them, then make them rulers over my cattle.
And Pharaoh will say of the children of Israel: They are straitened in the land, the desert hath shut them in.
And Pharaoh's daughter said to her, Go. And the maid went and called the child's mother.
And Pharaoh's daughter said unto her, Take this child away, and nurse it for me, and I will give thee thy wages. And the woman took the child, and nursed it.
And Pharaoh's heart was hardened, and he did not hearken to them, as the Lord had commanded.
And Pharaoh's heart was hardened, so that neither this time would he let the people go.
And Pharaoh's servants said to him: How long shall we endure this scandal? Let the men go to sacrifice to the Lord their God. Dost thou not see that Egypt is undone?
And Pilate having seen that it profiteth nothing, but rather a tumult is made, having taken water, he did wash the hands before the multitude, saying, 'I am innocent from the blood of this righteous one.'
And Rachel and Lia answered: Have we any thing left among the goods and inheritance of our father's house?
And Rachel said: The Lord hath judged for me, and hath heard my voice, giving me a son; and therefore she called his name Dan.
And Rachel seeing herself without children, envied her sister, and said to her husband: Give me children, otherwise I shall die.
And Rebecca had a brother, named Laban, who went out in haste to the man, to the well. And when he had seen the earrings and bracelets in his sister's hands, and had heard all that she related, saying, Thus and thus the man spoke to me: he came to the man who stood by the camels, and near to the spring of water, and said to him: Come in, thou blessed of the Lord; why standest thou without? I have prepared the house, and a place for the camels.
And Rebecca said to Isaac: I am weary of my life, because of the daughters of Heth: if Jacob take a wife of the stock of this land, I choose not to live.
And Ruben answered him: Kill my two sons, if I bring him not again to thee: deliver him into my hand, and I will restore him to thee.
And Ruben going out in the time of the wheat harvest into the field, found mandrakes, which he brought to his mother Lia. And Rachel said: Give me part of thy son's mandrakes.
And Ruben hearing this, endeavoured to deliver him out of their hands, and said: Do not take away his life.
And Ruben returning to the pit, found not the boy: And rending his garments he went to his brethren, and said: The boy doth not appear, and whither shall I go?
And Ruben, one of them, said: Did not I say to you: Do not sin against the boy; and you would not hear me? Behold his blood is required.
And Samuel told him everything.
And Santa Claus thought that was the greatest pleasure in life: for he loved to have enormous fires in the great fire-places, and the colder it was, the bigger fires he would have, and the louder the winds roared around his chimney.
And Sara lived a hundred and twenty-seven years.
And Sara said: God hath made a laughter for me: whosoever shall hear of it will laugh with me.
And Sara, my master's wife, hath borne my master a son in her old age, and he hath given him all that he had.
And Sarai said to Abram: Thou dost unjustly with me: I gave my handmaid into thy bosom, and she perceiving herself to be with child, despiseth me. The Lord judge between me and thee.
And Seth lived a hundred and five years, and begot Enos.
And Seth lived after he begot Enos, eight hundred and seven years, and begot sons and daughters.
And Tom? Why didn't he come?
And Tom? Why hasn't he come?
And Tony was the oldest.
And Yiddish also has its own history covering over a thousand years, directly linked to the history of Jewish migration out of the Middle East into Europe and across the world.
And a banquet was made, and they ate and drank together, and lodged there. And in the morning, the servant arose, and said: Let me depart, that I may go to my master.
And a drought doesn’t only hit bellies — the U.N. notes that in Malawi, some 137,000 children have been forced out of school, many daunted by the prospect of a hungry, thirsty trek to school — only to be followed by a hungry, thirsty day in the classroom.
And a herd of centaurs galloped across the clearing.
And a little bread.
And a lot more.
And a mixed multitude, without number, went up also with them, sheep and herds, and beasts of divers kinds, exceeding many.
And a river went out of the place of pleasure to water paradise, which from thence is divided into four heads.
And a tall man dressed in black reading a newspaper.
And a wish is engraved on the base of the statue.
And a wish is engraved on the base of the statue:
And above them, there are demons.
And actually, it was simple!
And actually, this project needs everyone.
And after God brought me out of my father's house, I said to her: Thou shalt do me this kindness: In every place, to which we shall come, thou shalt say that I am thy brother.
And after a long time the boy came back again.
And after a pause, Tom started talking again.
And after having killed you, we will kill your father also.
And after he began to be ninety and nine years old, the Lord appeared to him: and said unto him: I am the Almighty God: walk before me, and be perfect.
And after he rose up from the funeral obsequies, he spoke to the children of Heth, saying: I am a stranger and sojourner among you: give me the right of a burying place with you, that I may bury my dead.
And after his death, God blessed Isaac his son, who dwelt by the well named Of the living and seeing.
And after many days were past: the daughter of Sue the wife of Juda died: and when he had taken comfort after his mourning, he went up to Thamnas, to the shearers of his sheep, he and Hiras the Odollamite, the shepherd of his flock.
And after many days, his mistress cast her eyes on Joseph, and said: Lie with me.
And after that forty days were passed, Noah opening the window of the ark, which he had made, sent forth a raven, which went forth and did not return, till the waters were dried up upon the earth.
And after that men began to be multiplied upon the earth, and daughters were born to them, the sons of God seeing the daughters of men, that they were fair, took to themselves wives of all which they chose.
And after that she, at a pace of three times a week, gets drunk and at those times brings back a different man.
And after that the camels had drunk, the man took out golden earrings, weighing two sicles; and as many bracelets, of ten sicles weight. And he said to her: Whose daughter art thou? tell me: is there any place in thy father's house to lodge?
And after the days of one month were expired, he said to him: Because thou art my brother, shalt thou serve me without wages? Tell me what wages thou wilt have.
And after the seven days were passed, the waters of the flood overflowed the earth.
And after?
And afterward?
And again Bala conceived, and bore another, for whom Rachel said: God hath compared me with my sister, and I have prevailed: and she called him Nephthali.
And again I'm the last to learn the truth.
And again Pharaoh said to Joseph: Behold, I have appointed thee over the whole land of Egypt.
And again he expostulated with him, and said: What sawest thou, that thou hast done this?
And again he said to him: But if forty be found there, what wilt thou do? He said: I will not destroy it for the sake of forty.
And again he said: I will multiply thy seed exceedingly, and it shall not be numbered for multitude.
And again he said: Spread thy mantle, wherewith thou art covered, and hold it with both hands. And when she spread it and held it, he measured six measures of barley, and laid it upon her. And she carried it, and went into the city,
And again he was drunk as anything.
And again she conceived and bore a son, and said: Because the Lord heard that I was despised, he hath given this also to me: and she called his name Simeon.
And again she gave birth, to his brother Abel. And Abel was a shepherd, and Cain a husbandman.
And again she gave birth, to his brother Abel. And Abel was a shepherd, and Cain a tiller of the earth.
And again she said: Who would believe that Abraham should hear that Sara gave suck to a son, whom she bore to him in his old age?
And again, when you have 15 people, and the 15 within a couple of days is going to be down to close to zero, that's a pretty good job we've done.
And again: Behold, said he, thou art with child, and thou shalt bring forth a son: and thou shalt call his name Ismael, because the Lord hath heard thy affliction.
And all Mount Sinai was on a smoke: because the Lord was come down upon it in fire, and the smoke arose from it as out of a furnace: and all the mount was terrible.
And all flesh was destroyed that moved upon the earth, both of fowl and of cattle, and of beasts, and of all creeping things that creep upon the earth: and all men. And all things wherein there is the breath of life on the earth, died.
And all his children being gathered together to comfort their father in his sorrow, he would not receive comfort, but said: I will go down to my son into hell, mourning. And whilst he continued weeping,
And all living things, and cattle, and creeping things that creep upon the earth, according to their kinds went out of the ark.
And all of that would be funny, if it were not so sad.
And all of this must be monitored by the guard officers, who are penalized a week's salary for each crime.
And all provinces came into Egypt, to buy food, and to seek some relief of their want.
And all the Egyptians dug round about the river for water to drink; for they could not drink of the water of the river.
And all the children of Israel did as the Lord had commanded Moses and Aaron. And the same day the Lord brought forth the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt by their companies.
And all the congregation of the children of Israel murmured against Moses and Aaron in the wilderness.
And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years, and he died.
And all the days of Enos were nine hundred and five years, and he died.
And all the days of Henoch were three hundred and sixty-five years.
And all the days of Jared were nine hundred and sixty-two years, and he died.
And all the days of Lamech came to seven hundred and seventy-seven years, and he died.
And all the days of Malaleel were eight hundred and ninety-five years, and he died.
And all the days of Mathusala were nine hundred and sixty-nine years, and he died.
And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years, and he died.
And all the people answered together: All that the Lord hath spoken, we will do.
And all the people saw the voices and the flames, and the sound of the trumpet, and the mount smoking; and being terrified and struck with fear, they stood afar off, saying to Moses: Speak thou to us, and we will hear: let not the Lord speak to us, lest we die.
And all the souls that came out of Jacob's thigh, were seventy: but Joseph was in Egypt.
And all the time, as we were pitching it in red hot, we were keeping the women off him as best we could for they were as wild as harpies.
And all these thy servants shall come down to me, and shall worship me, saying: Go forth thou, and all the people that is under thee: after that we will go out. And he went out from Pharaoh exceeding angry.
And all this made him a many sided man; gave him a varied culture; adorned and fitted him with diversified acquirements; was, in short, a noble earthly preparation for what was to be his real life work.
And all those watching tonight from beyond our shores, from parliaments and palaces, to those who are huddled around radios in the forgotten corners of the world, our stories are singular, but our destiny is shared, and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand.
And along came a spider to mess up Ziri's web of lies.
And along the entire 40-foot wall of the reception room, a photo-mural of a ragged, depression-era breadline brooded over the sleek heads of the beautifully dressed and elaborately fed tourists.
And also the gym uniform is still gym shorts, isn't it? I wonder why.
And also the gym uniform is still gym shorts, isn’t it? I wonder why.
And among the good there are Serbs and Croats and Muslims, just as there are among the bad.
And among them rose the hero son of Atreus, wide-ruling Agamemnon, lamenting: his blackened heart brimming over with rage, and his eyes like blazing fires.
And another company turned to the way of the border that looketh to the valley of Zeboim toward the wilderness.
And another day went by.
And another month draws to a close. It's shocking how time flies.
And another thing, do you play the violin?
And are there boats?
And are you happy now?
And are you, Chloe, suffering in the same way?
And around the world, there’s a new generation of young people -- like you -- that are connected by technology, and driven by your idealism and your imagination, and you're working together to start new ventures, and to hold governments more accountable, and advance human dignity.
And as a child, self-pity seized her—as a lost child, when darkness is setting in, and the will fails and distance appalls.
And as concerns my Herdegen, I must confess that when he had well drunk his spirits were higher, his mind clearer, and his song more glad; and this is not so save in those dragon-slayers who have been blessed with a fine temper and a strong brain inherited from their parents.
And as for Ismael I have also heard thee. Behold, I will bless him, and increase, and multiply him exceedingly: he shall beget twelve chiefs, and I will make him a great nation.
And as for Ismael I have also heard thee. Behold, I will bless him, and increase, and multiply him exceedingly: he shall beget twelve chiefs, and I will make him a great nation. But my covenant I will establish with Isaac, whom Sara shall bring forth to thee at this time in the next year.
And as for you, how are you?
And as he lingered, they took his hand, and the hand of his wife, and of his two daughters, because the Lord spared him.
And as she spoke she threw off her long cloak and everyone saw it was the queen.
And as soon as he came to his brethren, they forthwith stript him of his outside coat, that was of divers colours: And cast him into an old pit where there was not water.
And as the heroes listened, the oars fell from their hands, and their heads drooped on their breasts, and they closed their heavy eyes; and they dreamed of bright still gardens, and of slumbers under murmuring pines, till all their toil seemed foolishness, and they thought of their renown no more.
And as they continued asking him, he stood up, and said to them: he that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her.
And as they two went on together, Isaac said to his father: My father. And he answered: What wilt thou, son? Behold, saith he, fire and wood: where is the victim for the holocaust?
And as with so many aspects of British life, there's a good historical reason for it.
And as with so many aspects of British life, there’s a good historical reason for it.
And at night he brought in Lia, his daughter, to him,
And at the very core, he found trust.
And at times when I became discouraged with trying to reconcile working and bringing up children, it was my husband who helped to maintain my determination.
And away flew the owl out of the topmost window of the tower, and flapping his great lazy wings in the air, made directly over the trees to the spot where the weasel had her nest.
And bathed in sunshine stood the chief, endowed / with shape and features most divinely bright. / For graceful tresses and the purple light / of youth did Venus in her child unfold, / and sprightly lustre breathed upon his sight, / beauteous as ivory, or when artists mould / silver or Parian stone, enchased in yellow gold.
And be there dust upon all the land of Egypt: for there shall be boils and swelling blains both in men and beasts, in the whole land of Egypt.
And because Deal is very near continental Europe, it's always been one of the first areas of Britain to be invaded.
And because Deal is very near continental Europe, it’s always been one of the first areas of Britain to be invaded.
And because it made no sense to expel talented, driven, patriotic young people from the only country they know solely because of the actions of their parents, my administration acted to lift the shadow of deportation from these young people, so that they could continue to contribute to our communities and our country.
And because of this and our disdain for your lifestyle, we shall put you to death.
And before the famine came, Joseph had two sons born: whom Aseneth, the daughter of Putiphare, priest of Heliopolis, bore unto him.
And began my first letter to Terry Tate.
And behold the daughter of Pharaoh came down to wash herself in the river: and her maids walked by the river's brink.
And behold the men put out their hand, and drew in Lot unto them, and shut the door.
And behold the third day, when the pain of the wound was greatest: two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, the brothers of Dina, taking their swords, entered boldly into the city and slew all the men. And they killed also Hemor and Sichem, and took away their sister Dina out of Sichem's house.
And behold, after three months, they told Juda, saying: Thamar, thy daughter-in-law, hath played the harlot, and she appeareth to have a big belly.
And behold, an angel of the Lord from heaven called to him, saying: Abraham, Abraham. And he answered: Here I am.
And behold, the same day the servants of Isaac came, telling him of a well which they had digged, and saying: We have found water.
And behold, there followed these, other seven kine, so very ill-favoured and lean, that I never saw the like in the land of Egypt. And they devoured and consumed the former, and yet gave no mark of their being full: but were as lean and ill-favoured as before.
And behold, when it was now midnight the man was afraid, and troubled: and he saw a woman lying at his feet.
And being touched inwardly with sorrow of heart, he said: I will destroy man, whom I have created, from the face of the earth, from man even to beasts, from the creeping thing even to the fowls of the air, for it repenteth me that I have made them.
And below, the princess saw an immense city shining with millions of lights. The three travellers descended towards it, unseen by anyone.
And bid her farewell, the Alexandria you're losing.
And blocking the exit was a very old goat that looked like she was about to keel over any second.
And bread was set before him. But he said: I will not eat, till I tell my message. He answered him: Speak.
And bring your youngest brother to me, that I may find your words to be true, and you may not die.
And bringing forth vessels of silver and gold, and garments, he gave them to Rebecca, for a present. He offered gifts also to her brothers, and to her mother.
And by force you would never take him.
And by the way, Mary, how much do you weigh?
And by the way, how old are you?
And by the way, we’ve been having a lot of babies -- I’ve noticed -- in the White House. Which I’m happy about -- I love babies. They bring them into the Oval Office and they make me feel good.
And by time I got here, my wife had already gone out.
And call me afterwards!
And calling for him, he said: It is evident she is thy wife: why didst thou feign her to be thy sister? He answered: I feared lest I should die for her sake.
And certainly our current language differs considerably from that which was used and spoken when I was born. For we Englishmen are born under the domination of the moon, which is never steadfast but ever wavering, waxing one season and waning and decreasing another season. And that common English spoken in one shire varies from another, to such an extent that in my days it happened that certain merchants were in a ship on the Thames to sail over the sea to Zealand, and for lack of wind, they tarried at headland, and went to the shore to refresh themselves. And one of them named Sheffield, a mercer, came into a house and asked for food, and specifically he asked for 'egges', and the good woman answered that she could speak no French. And the merchant was angry, for he could also speak no French, but wanted to have 'egges', and she didn't understand him. And then at last another said that he wanted 'eyren', then the good woman said that she understood him well. Lo! what should a man in these days now write, 'egges' or 'eyren'? Certainly it is hard to please every man, because of diversity and change of language.
And children, who seem to overhear everything interesting, might start asking questions.
And conceiving again, she bore a son, and called him Onan.
And consequently, the act of dying on the part of Jesus Christ, must, according to their system, apply as a prevention to one or other of these two things happening to Adam and to us.
And decaying he died in a good old age, and having lived a long time, and being full of days: and was gathered to his people.
And deep in my heart, there is only emptiness, because you are gone and nobody cares for me anymore.
And desire follows me at my heels and bites me, for I love you, o Lady Death.
And did you know it, smart ass?
And did you uncover that only now?
And dip a bunch of hyssop in the blood that is at the door, and sprinkle the transom of the door therewith, and both the door cheeks: let none of you go out of the door of his house till morning.
And do not let the hatred of a people prevent you from being just. Be just; that is nearer to righteousness.
And do you know them by face?
And do you remember that time when we pulled that prank?
And does your son drive?
And don't Palestinians have a right to return to Palestine?
And don't come back here ever again!
And don't deny yourself anything.
And don't fall asleep in the bathtub!
And don't forget to water the plants.
And don't forget: I will always love you.
And don't give me any guff about it.
And don't tempt me.
And don’t deny yourself anything.
And dragons, as can be expected, feed for up to one hundred years.
And drawing nigh, he said: Wilt thou destroy the just with the wicked?
And dwell with us: the land is at your command, till, trade, and possess it.
And each one said to his neighbour: Come, let us make brick, and bake them with fire. And they had brick instead of stones, and slime instead of mortar.
And even Scotland is ours!
And even as they looked the thing tore the throat out of Hugo Baskerville, on which, as it turned its blazing eyes and dripping jaws upon them, the three shrieked with fear and rode for dear life, still screaming, across the moor.
And even if you were the poorest beggar, if one friend remained, you would be rich. But he who has won the highest king's throne and has no friend is a poor man.
And even outside these nations, English is perhaps more widely used as a medium of international communication than any other language.
And ever, as the story drained / The wells of fancy dry, / And faintly strove that weary one / To put the subject by, / "The rest next time—" "It is next time!" / The happy voices cry.
And every day the boy would come and he would gather her leaves and make them into crowns and play king of the forest.
And every one is harsh that's new in power.
And every one that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them not, shall be likened unto a foolish man which built his house upon the sand.
And every plant of the field before it sprung up in the earth, and every herb of the ground before it grew: for the Lord God had not rained upon the earth; and there was not a man to till the earth.
And every thing that moveth, and liveth shall be meat for you: even as the green herbs have I delivered them all to you: Saving that flesh with blood you shall not eat.
And everyone has the ability to contribute.
And everyone laughed at me for believing that the troll would return. It is a great curse to be right a high percentage of the time.
And excessive fishing made me crazy.
And falling down, I adored the Lord, blessing the Lord God of my master, Abraham, who hath brought me the straight way to take the daughter of my master's brother for his son.
And falling upon the neck of his brother Benjamin, he embraced him and wept: and Benjamin in like manner wept also on his neck.
And feminism, what do you think about feminism?
And feminism? What do you think about feminism?
And finally they ended up conspiring together to pull a prank on poor Daniel.
And finally, God helped Elias.
And finally, here they are, singing for you and you alone.
And finally, twelve points to Estonia!
And for many millennials, boomers [people aged 55 to 75] are finally going to transition increasingly out of the workforce, which is going to create opportunity for them to actually move up into more management-style roles.
And for more than an hour she made believe not to know what there was for dinner.
And for that reason, many analysts argue that animal cloning research should not be used as a precursor to human cloning. Most, including the University of Pennsylvania’s Autumn Fiester, agree that human cloning should be banned because of the high risks and invasive procedures involved.
And for that thou didst see the second time a dream pertaining to the same thing: it is a token of the certainty, and that the word of God cometh to pass, and is fulfilled speedily.
And for what?
And for you Sir; a soup, perhaps?
And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors.
And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive them that trespass against us.
And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us.
And forth they bring the broidered tapestry, / with purple dyed and wrought full cunningly. / The tables groan with silver; there are told / the deeds of prowess for the gazer's eye, / a long, long series, of their sires of old, / traced from the nation's birth, and graven in the gold.
And from the leftovers, you can make a tasty spread.
And give me life, but give it in thy song; For only they that die themselves may give Life to the dead: and I would have thee live.
And give the blessings of Araham to thee, and to thy seed after thee: that thou mayst possess the land of thy sojournment, which he promised to thy grandfather.
And going forth from thence, he came in the spring time to the land which leadeth to Ephrata: wherein when Rachel was in travail, by reason of her hard labour, she began to be in danger, and the midwife said to her: Fear not, for thou shalt have this son also.
And going into the gate of the city, they spoke to the people: These men are peaceable, and are willing to dwell with us: let them trade in the land, and till it, which being large and wide wanteth men to till it: we shall take their daughters for wives, and we will give them ours.
And going out the next day, he saw two Hebrews quarrelling: and he said to him that did the wrong: Why strikest thou thy neighbour?
And going to Hemor his father, he said: Get me this damsel to wife.
And going to her, he said: Suffer me to lie with thee: for he knew her not to be his daughter-in-law.
And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.
And have taken to wife Ruth, the Moabitess, the wife of Mahalon, to raise up the name of the deceased in his inheritance lest his name be cut off, from among his family and his brethren and his people. You, I say, are witnesses of this thing.
And having at length obtained the marriage he wished for, he preferred the love of the latter before the former, and served with him other seven years.
And having brought them into the house, he fetched water, and they washed their feet, and he gave provender to their asses.
And having left then, Jesus departed to his Homeland. And his students were following him.
And having waited yet seven other days, he again sent forth the dove out of the ark.
And having watered the flock, he kissed her: and lifting up his voice wept.
And he answered her: Thou knowest that Esau, my brother, is a hairy man, and I am smooth: if my father should feel me, and perceive it, I fear lest he will think I would have mocked him, and I shall bring upon me a curse instead of a blessing.
And he answered them: Bring me your cattle, and for them I will give you food, if you have no money.
And he answered them: Fear not: can we resist the will of God?
And he answered them: It is otherwise: you are come to consider the unfenced parts of this land.
And he answered: To morrow. But he said: I will do according to thy word; that thou mayest know that there is none like to the Lord our God.
And he answering, said: Two nations are in thy womb, and two peoples shall be divided out of thy womb, and one people shall overcome the other, and the elder shall serve the younger.
And he asked them, saying: Know you Laban, the son of Nachor? They said: We know him.
And he begot three sons, Sem, Cham, and Japheth.
And he blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made.
And he blessed them at that time, saying: In thee shall Israel be blessed, and it shall be said: God do to thee as to Ephraim, and as to Manasses. And he set Ephraim before Manasses.
And he blessed them, saying: Increase and multiply, and fill the waters of the sea: and let the birds be multiplied upon the earth.
And he bought that part of the field, in which he pitched his tents, of the children of Hemor, the father of Sichem, for a hundred lambs.
And he brought him forth abroad, and said to him: Look up to heaven and number the stars if thou canst. And he said to him: So shall thy seed be.
And he brought him into his lodging; and he unharnessed the camels, and gave straw and hay, and water to wash his feet, and the feet of the men that were come with him.
And he built there an altar, and called the name of that place, The house of God: for there God appeared to him when he fled from his brother.
And he built there an altar: and called upon the name of the Lord, and pitched his tent; and commanded his servants to dig a well.
And he called the light Day, and the darkness Night; and there was evening and morning one day.
And he called the name of that place Temptation, because of the chiding of the children of Israel, and for that they tempted the Lord, saying: Is the Lord amongst us or not?
And he called the name of that place, The Lord seeth. Whereupon, even to this day, it is said: In the mountain the Lord will see.
And he called the name of the city Bethel, which before was called Luza.
And he called the name of the firstborn Manasses, saying: God hath made me to forget all my labours, and my father's house.
And he calls himself a sailor.
And he calls himself a sniper!
And he came to Isaac his father in Mambre, the city of Arbee, this is Hebron: wherein Abraham and Isaac sojourned.
And he cast out Adam: and placed before the paradise of pleasure Cherubim, and a flaming sword, turning every way, to keep the way of the tree of life.
And he charged them, saying: I am now going to be gathered to my people: bury me with my fathers in the double cave, which is in the field of Ephron the Hethite, over against Mambre, in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought together with the field, of Ephron the Hethite, for a possession to bury in.
And he chased the cattle, the sheep, and the people out of the temple.
And he circumcised him the eighth day, as God had commanded him.
And he comforted them, and spoke gently and mildly.
And he commanded all the people, saying: He that shall touch this man's wife, shall surely be put to death.
And he commanded him, saying: Of every tree of paradise thou shalt eat: But of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat. For in what day soever thou shalt eat of it, thou shalt die the death.
And he commanded his servants, the physicians, to embalm his father.
And he commanded the first, saying: If thou meet my brother Esau, and he ask thee: Whose art thou? or whither goest thou? or whose are these before thee? thou shalt answer: Thy servant Jacob's: he hath sent them as a present to my lord Esau; and he cometh after us.
And he commanded them, saying: Thus shall ye speak to my lord Esau: Thus saith thy brother Jacob: I have sojourned with Laban, and have been with him until this day. I have oxen, and asses, and sheep, and menservants, and womenservants: and now I send a message to my lord, that I may find favour in thy sight.
And he departed from him.
And he destroyed all the substance that was upon the earth, from man even to beast, and the creeping things and fowls of the air: and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah only remained, and they that were with him in the ark.
And he didn't appear to be lost.
And he died, being a hundred and ten years old. And being embalmed, he was laid in a coffin in Egypt.
And he digged again other wells, which the servants of his father, Abraham, had digged, and which, after his death, the Philistines had of old stopped up: and he called them by the same names, by which his father before had called them.
And he does not merely write this and then not carry it out in deeds.
And he dwelt in Egypt with all his father's house; and lived a hundred and ten years.
And he dwelt in the wilderness of Pharan, and his mother took a wife for him out of the land of Egypt.
And he gave it for his opinion, that whosoever could make two ears of corn or two blades of grass to grow upon a spot of ground where only one grew before, would deserve better of mankind, and do more essential service to his country, than the whole race of politicians put together.
And he had possessions of sheep and of herds, and a very great family.
And he heard their groaning, and remembered the covenant which he made with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
And he himself ran to the herd, and took from thence a calf, very tender and very good, and gave it to a young man, who made haste and boiled it.
And he knew my deceased father well.
And he left without even saying goodnight.
And he let him go after she had said: A bloody spouse art thou to me, because of the circumcision.
And he let his kinsman depart: and he returned and went into his own country.
And he let the two men sleep at his home.
And he lifted up his voice with weeping, which the Egyptians, and all the house of Pharaoh heard.
And he lived in it seventeen years: and all the days of his life came to a hundred and forty-seven years.
And he made a vow, saying: If God shall be with me, and shall keep me in the way, by which I walk, and shall give me bread to eat, and raiment to put on, and I shall return prosperously to my father's house: the Lord shall be my God: and this stone, which I have set up for a title, shall be called the house of God: and of all things that thou shalt give to me, I will offer tithes to thee.
And he made haste, because his heart was moved upon his brother, and tears gushed out: and going into his chamber, he wept.
And he made him go up into his second chariot, the crier proclaiming that all should bow their knee before him, and that they should know he was made governor over the whole land of Egypt.
And he made them a feast, and after they had eaten and drunk.
And he made them swear to him, saying: God will visit you, carry my bones with you out of this place.
And he mounted a cherub and flew.
And he named the second Ephraim, saying: God hath made me to grow in the land of my poverty.
And he never had any teacher except during the time that he went to Egypt, and associated with the priests.
And he ordered him to write.
And he passed over to Salem, a city of the Sichemites, which is in the land of Canaan, after he returned from Mesopotamia of Syria: and he dwelt by the town.
And he pointed to a bunch of high grass.
And he put both the handmaids and their children foremost: and Lia and her children in the second place: and Rachel and Joseph last.
And he put forth his hand, and took the sword, to sacrifice his son.
And he put it to us in this way—marking the points with a lean forefinger—as we sat and lazily admired his earnestness over this new paradox (as we thought it) and his fecundity.
And he put them in the troughs, where the water was poured out; that when the flocks should come to drink, they might have the rods before their eyes, and in the sight of them might conceive.
And he reproved Abimelech for a well of water, which his servants had taken away by force.
And he returned by the way that he came from the south to Bethel, to the place where before he had pitched his tent between Bethel and Hai, in the place of the altar which he had made before, and there he called upon the name of the Lord.
And he said again to Jacob: Behold this heap, and the stone which I have set up between me and thee, shall be a witness: this heap, I say, and the stone, be they for a testimony, if either I shall pass beyond it going towards thee, or thou shalt pass beyond it thinking harm to me.
And he said mildly to them: Come nearer to me. And when they were come near him, he said: I am Joseph, your brother, whom you sold into Egypt.
And he said of Sara his wife: She is my sister. So Abimelech the king of Gerara sent, and took her.
And he said to God: O that Ismael may live before thee.
And he said to Jacob: Why hast thou done thus, to carry away, without my knowledge, my daughters as captives taken with the sword?
And he said to Joseph, his son: Behold I die, and God will be with you, and will bring you back into the land of your fathers. I give thee a portion above thy brethren, which I took out of the hand of the Amorrhite with my sword and bow.
And he said to Laban: Give me my wife; for now the time is fulfilled, that I may go in unto her.
And he said to her: Who art thou? And she answered: I am Ruth, thy handmaid: spread thy coverlet over thy servant, for thou art a near kinsman.
And he said to him: And who hath told thee that thou wast naked, but that thou hast eaten of the tree whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldst not eat?
And he said to him: Behold also in this, I have heard thy prayers, not to destroy the city for which thou hast spoken.
And he said to him: I am the Lord who brought thee out from Ur of the Chaldees, to give thee this land, and that thou mightest possess it.
And he said to him: I have dreamed dreams, and there is no one that can expound them: Now I have heard that thou art very wise at interpreting them.
And he said to him: I will be with thee; and this thou shalt have for a sign that I have sent thee: When thou shalt have brought my people out of Egypt, thou shalt offer sacrifice to God upon this mountain.
And he said to him: I will return and come to thee at this time, life accompanying, and Sara, thy wife, shall have a son. Which when Sara heard, she laughed behind the door of the tent.
And he said to him: Lay not thy hand upon the boy, neither do thou any thing to him: now I know that thou fearest God, and hast not spared thy only begotten son for my sake.
And he said to him: Let me go, for it is break of day. He answered: I will not let thee go, except thou bless me.
And he said to him: What hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood crieth to me from the earth.
And he said to his brethren: I am Joseph: Is my father yet living? His brethren could not answer him, being struck with exceeding great fear.
And he said to his father: It should not be so, my father; for this is the firstborn, put thy right hand upon his head.
And he said to the ancients, and to all the people: You are witnesses this day, that I have bought all that was Elimelech's, and Chelion's, and Mahalon's, of the hand of Noemi.
And he said to the elder servant of his house, who was ruler over all he had: Put thy hand under my thigh, that I may make thee swear by the Lord, the God of heaven and earth, that thou take not a wife for my son, of the daughters of the Chanaanites, among whom I dwell: but that thou go to my own country and kindred, and take a wife from thence for my son Isaac.
And he said to the shepherds: Brethren, whence are you? They answered: Of Haran.
And he said to them: Can we find such another man, that is full of the spirit of God?
And he said to them: Hear my dream which I dreamed. I thought we were binding sheaves in the field: and my sheaf arose as it were, and stood, and your sheaves standing about bowed down before my sheaf.
And he said to them: Let it be according to your sentence: with whomsoever it shall be found, let him be my servant, and you shall be blameless.
And he said to them: This is what the Lord hath spoken: To morrow is the rest of the sabbath sanctified to the Lord. Whatsoever work is to be done, do it; and the meats that are to be dressed, dress them; and whatsoever shall remain, lay it up until the morning.
And he said to them: Why would you do so? know you not that there is no one like me in the science of divining.
And he said to us: Hereby shall I know that you are peaceable men: Leave one of your brethren with me, and take ye necessary provision for your houses, and go your ways, and bring your youngest brother to me, that I may know you are not spies: and you may receive this man again, that is kept in prison: and afterwards may have leave to buy what you will.
And he said: Behold Adam is become as one of us, knowing good and evil: now therefore lest perhaps he put forth his hand and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever.
And he said: Behold, it is one people, and all have one tongue: and they have begun to do this, neither will they leave off from their designs till they accomplish them in deed.
And he said: Blessed art thou of the Lord, my daughter, and thy latter kindness has surpassed the former: because thou hast not followed young men either poor or rich.
And he said: Blessed be the Lord God of Shem, be Canaan his servant.
And he said: Blessed is the Lord, who hath delivered his people out of the hand of Egypt.
And he said: Come not nigh hither, put off the shoes from thy feet; for the place, whereon thou standest, is holy ground.
And he said: I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. Moses hid his face: for he durst not look at God.
And he said: I am the servant of Abraham. And the Lord hath blessed my master wonderfully, and he is become great: and he hath given him sheep and oxen, silver and gold, men servants and women servants, camels and asses.
And he said: I heard thy voice in paradise; and I was afraid, because I was naked, and I hid myself.
And he said: Let us make man to our image and likeness: and let him have dominion over the fishes of the sea, and the fowls of the air, and the beasts, and the whole earth, and every creeping creature that moveth upon the earth.
And he said: Lord, if I have found favour in thy sight, pass not away from thy servant.
And he said: Put back thy hand into thy bosom. He put it back, and brought it out again, and it was like the other flesh.
And he said: Thus saith the Lord: At midnight I will enter into Egypt. And every firstborn in the land of the Egyptians shall die, from the firstborn of Pharaoh who sitteth on his throne, even to the firstborn of the handmaid that is at the mill, and all the firstborn of beasts.
And he said: Thy brother came deceitfully and got thy blessing.
And he said: What is thy name? He answered: Jacob.
And he said: You are idle, and therefore you say: Let us go and sacrifice to the Lord.
And he said: let the earth bring forth green herb, and such as may seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after its kind, which may have seed in itself upon the earth. And it was so done.
And he saith unto them, Why are ye fearful, O ye of little faith? Then he arose, and rebuked the winds and the sea; and there was a great calm.
And he saw a well in the field, and three flocks of sheep lying by it: for the beasts were watered out of it, and the mouth thereof was closed with a great stone.
And he saw in a dream God, saying to him: Take heed thou speak not any thing harshly against Jacob.
And he saw in his sleep a ladder standing upon the earth, and the top thereof touching heaven: the angels also of God ascending and descending by it, and the Lord leaning upon the ladder saying to him: I am the Lord God of Abraham thy father, and the God of Isaac:
And he saw the children of Ephraim to the third generation. The children also of Machir, the sons of Manasses, were born on Joseph's knees.
And he saw there the daughter of a man of Canaan, called Sue: and taking her to wife, he went in unto her. And she conceived, and bore a son, and called his name Her.
And he sees himself as a sailor.
And he sent Judah before him unto Joseph, to direct his face unto Goshen.
And he sent messengers before him to Esau, his brother, to the land of Seir, to the country of Edom.
And he sent them by the hands of his servants, every drove by itself, and he said to his servants: Go before me, and let there be a space between drove and drove.
And he separated the same day the she-goats, and the sheep, and the he-goats, and the rams of divers colours, and spotted; and all the flock of one colour, that is, of white and black fleece, he delivered into the hands of his sons.
And he set Ephraim on his right hand, that is, towards the left hand of Israel; but Manasses on his left hand, to wit, towards his father's right hand, and brought them near to him.
And he set the space of three days journey betwixt himself and his son-in-law, who fed the rest of his flock.
And he set them in the firmament of heaven to shine upon the earth. And to rule the day and the night, and to divide the light and the darkness. And God saw that it was good.
And he spoke to Joseph that he should give orders to his brethren, saying: Load your beasts, and go into the land of Canaan, and bring away from thence your father and kindred, and come to me; and I will give you all the good things of Egypt, that you may eat the marrow of the land.
And he stayed yet other seven days: and he sent forth the dove, which returned not any more unto him.
And he stood lost in thought for a while.
And he thought he mitigated the effects of Global Warming by not using plastic bags.
And he told her that he was her father's brother, and the son of Rebecca:
And he took all his substance, and flocks, and whatsoever he had gotten in Mesopotamia, and went forward to Isaac, his father, to the land of Canaan.
And he took all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid the two pieces of each one against the other: but the birds he divided not.
And he took his brethren with him, and pursued after him seven days; and overtook him in the mount of Galaad.
And he took his ring from his own hand, and gave it into his hand: and he put upon him a robe of silk, and put a chain of gold about his neck.
And he took some of his brethren, even five men, and presented them unto Pharaoh. And Pharaoh said unto his brethren, What is your occupation? And they said unto Pharaoh, Thy servants are shepherds, both we, and also our fathers.
And he took ten camels of his master's herd, and departed, carrying something of all his goods with him, and he set forward and went on to Mesopotamia, to the city of Nachor.
And he took the wood for the holocaust, and laid it upon Isaac his son; and he himself carried in his hands fire and a sword.
And he turned himself away a little while, and wept: and returning, he spoke to them.
And he turned himself away, and went into his house, neither did he set his heart to it this time also.
And he turned his name, and called him in the Egyptian tongue the saviour of the world. And he gave him to wife Aseneth, the daughter of Putiphare, priest of Heliopolis.
And he walked with God, and was seen no more: because God took him.
And he was a sojourner in the land of the Palestines many days.
And he was gone forth to meditate in the field, the day being now well spent: and when he had lifted up his eyes, he saw camels coming afar off.
And he was happy and content.
And he was very rich in possession of gold and silver.
And he went forward and bowed down with his face to the ground seven times, until his brother came near.
And he went in to her. But she perceiving that she was with child, despised her mistress.
And he went out to meet his kinsman, and worshipped and kissed him: and they saluted one another with words of peace.
And he went round about the villages, teaching.
And he went up from that place to Bersabee, where the Lord appeared to him that same night, saying: I am the God of Abraham thy father, do not fear, for I am with thee: I will bless thee, and multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake.
And he who has never been able to, steal away from this group weeping!
And he worked very hard for Mr Wood.
And he's gonna get away with it?
And he's not so bad looking either.
And he's very attractive, too.
And he, having invited a great number of his friends to the feast, made the marriage.
And he, like all the others, had been kind; and he was coming now to inquire what he could do in a case where nothing could be done.
And her brother and mother answered: Let the maid stay, at least, ten days with us, and afterwards she shall depart.
And here I am, still alive.
And here I stand, with all my lore, poor fool, no wiser than before.
And here it is again!
And here they are at last, singing just for you.
And here they are.
And here we will put the couch.
And here's our garden.
And here's the problem.
And here's the reason.
And here, Rajiv is sitting on Tom.
And he’ll put those in my face.
And his brethren came to him; and worshipping prostrate on the ground, they said: We are thy servants.
And his brethren seeing that he was loved by his father, more than all his sons, hated him, and could not speak peaceably to him.
And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of them that play upon the harp and the organs.
And his disciples put their faith in him.
And his father said to him, Thou seest that I am old, and know not the day of my death. Take thy arms, thy quiver, and bow, and go abroad; and when thou hast taken something by hunting, make me a savoury meat thereof, as thou knowest I like, and bring it that I may eat: and my soul may bless thee, before I die.
And his mother said to him: Upon me be this curse, my son: only hear thou my voice, and go, fetch me the things which I have said.
And his soul was fast knit unto her; and whereas she was sad, he comforted her with sweet words.
And his wife looking behind her, was turned into a statue of salt.
And history was changed forever.
And honour the face of the old man.
And how about Tuesday, October 19th?
And how about you?
And how am I supposed to know that? I'm not an encyclopedia.
And how are things in Boston?
And how are things in Washington?
And how are you going to do that without money?
And how did you answer?
And how did you reply?
And how do you expect me to know that? I'm not an encyclopaedia.
And how do you explain this?
And how do you imagine that being realized?
And how do you know that?
And how do you like this work?
And how do you plan on paying me?
And how do you plan to amass this fortune?
And how do you spell that?
And how does Tom feel about you?
And how does he feel about you?
And how does she feel about you?
And how exactly do you plan to do that?
And how is your meal?
And how will you take responsibility in the case that this bill doesn't pass?
And how will you take responsibility in the case that this bill doesn’t pass?
And how!
And how's Tom?
And hurry up!
And if I don't work, what will happen?
And if I had an opinion, I wouldn't tell it to you.
And if I have prophetic powers, and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.
And if I knew that the world would end tomorrow, I'd plant an apple tree today.
And if I lose thy love, I lose my all.
And if I say this is it, it really means this is it!
And if I was homosexual, would that be a sin?
And if I were gay, would it be a crime?
And if I were gay, would that be a crime?
And if any stranger be willing to dwell among you, and to keep the Phase of the Lord, all his males shall first be circumcised, and then shall he celebrate it according to the manner: and he shall be as he that is born in the land: but if any man be uncircumcised, he shall not eat thereof.
And if everyone started jumping off the ninth floor, would you jump too?
And if he gets sick?
And if he keeps messing with me I'll cut his head off!
And if he take another wife for him, he shall provide her a marriage, and raiment, neither shall he refuse the price of her chastity.
And if he wishes to settle among you and has a craft, let him work for his bread.
And if my grandma had balls, she wouldn't be my grandma.
And if she doesn't want to speak to me?
And if she doesn't want to talk with me?
And if she gets sick?
And if she is wrong?
And if so, what then?
And if the servant shall say: I love my master and my wife and children, I will not go out free: His master shall bring him to the gods, and he shall be set to the door and the posts, and he shall bore his ear through with an awl: and he shall be his servant for ever.
And if the vacuum explodes, it is called a black hole.
And if there is some goal of actions that we desire for itself, it is clear that that will be the Good and the best.
And if they set a price upon him, he shall give for his life whatsoever is laid upon him.
And if thou make an altar of stone unto me, thou shalt not build it of hewn stones; for if thou lift up a tool upon it, it shall be defiled.
And if we don't want to broil the planet, then we have to dramatically change the built environment.
And if we have time, I'd like to take a look at their cosmetics.
And if we have time, I’d like to take a look at their cosmetics.
And if we make a trip?
And if you see Tom, say hello to him for me.
And if you think there are more commercials breaking up the action on the field than there used to be, you're right. Last year's Super Bowl telecast included a record 45 minutes and five seconds of air time for commercials. But the biggest Super Bowl advertiser is not a carmaker or beer or fast food sponsor. That distinction belongs to the broadcast network (this year CBS) itself, which takes as much as one-quarter of the commercial time to promote its own shows.
And if you wish to learn what the doctrines of Christianity are, appoint me a day, and thou shalt hear them.
And if you're the one who snores, it's me who can't sleep.
And immediately the sun rose upon him, after he was past Phanuel; but he halted on his foot.
And immediately the word of the Lord came to him, saying: He shall not be thy heir: but he that shall come out of thy bowels, him shalt thou have for thy heir.
And in Bangladesh, customers' cars have also been vandalized.
And in a few moments, to Dan’s astonished delight, the actress herself appeared, a big scarf over her head and her body enveloped in her snowy cloak, and he understood with a leap of his heart that she had singled him out to take her home.
And in a moment we smashed up what it had taken us years to build.
And in any case, if it is written that we must die, we shall at least die together.
And in any case, there is no air conditioning or heating in that room. All there is is a fan.
And in front of me the dogs run into the sunrise, tongues lolling to one side, eyes shining, mouths open, their happiness radiating warmer than the sunlight.
And in his wretched old age’s disdain, he thinks how little he enjoyed the years that he had strength, and eloquence, and beauty.
And in many countries, where the animals are already under pressure because their homes are being destroyed by agriculture, things can get even worse.
And in my bosom, there is a deep emptiness, because you are gone and nobody loves me anymore.
And in my own life, in this country, and as President, I have learned that our identities do not have to be defined by putting someone else down, but can be enhanced by lifting somebody else up. They don’t have to be defined in opposition to others, but rather by a belief in liberty and equality and justice and fairness.
And in several instances they relate the same event differently.
And in the Indian Ocean, some islands of the Maldives will disappear completely beneath the water.
And in the cloud unseen, / wrapt in its hollow covering, they abide / and note what fortune did their friends betide, / and whence they come, and why for grace they sue, / and on what shore they left the fleet to bide, / for chosen captains came from every crew, / and towards the sacred fane with clamorous cries they drew.
And in the context of the art world, new perspectives are always welcome.
And in the dream, everything was suddenly good.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count; it's the life in your years.
And in the morning I was, so to speak, fully recovered and able to resume my work.
And in the multitude of thy glory thou hast put down thy adversaries: thou hast sent thy wrath, which hath devoured them like stubble.
And in the night he would wander the forest through, or bathe his fevered limbs in dark streams; and when hunger fell on him he followed the chase, and so swift of foot he grew and so strong of his hands that the wild boar, the wolf, and deer found him a dreich blow-dealer.
And in this class we have all the addicts.
And in this class we have all the druggies.
And in this class we have all the junkies.
And in this manner have I served thee in thy house twenty years, fourteen for thy daughters, and six for thy flocks: thou hast changed also my wages ten times.
And in those times many will stand against the king of the South, and the children of the impudent among your people will be elevated to establish prophecy, and they will fail.
And indeed no bullock nor cow would ever be in danger of drowning if it were not that the horn of their hoofs becomes softened by the water. To this fact many channels of the sea testify, such as that which even now is called the Bosphorus, meaning the oxen's ford.
And indeed, not only upon that day but during the remainder of their lives, did Daphnis and Chloe lead a pastoral life, gathering together large herds and flocks, paying especial worship to the Nymphs, to Pan, and to the God of Love, and finding no food more delicious than the fruits of autumn, and the milk of their flocks.
And is it true that your Japanese girlfriend is called Tatoeba?
And is not the bodily pain which follows every excess a manifest declaration of the divine will?
And is there no end in sight?
And is your noise Gaussian?
And it came to pass after many days, that Cain offered, of the fruits of the earth, gifts to the Lord.
And it came to pass at midnight, the Lord slew every firstborn in the land of Egypt, from the firstborn of Pharaoh, who sat on his throne, unto the firstborn of the captive woman that was in the prison, and all the firstborn of cattle.
And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land of Sinnar; and they dwelt there.
And it came to pass, that in the very heat of coition, the sheep beheld the rods, and brought forth ringstraked, speckled, and spotted lambs.
And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the Earth, and daughters were born unto them, that the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of all which they chose.
And it could be a life-saver for hard-to-treat HIV-positive individuals who are co-infected with TB.
And it doesn't hurt that he's cute.
And it doesn't hurt that she's cute.
And it doesn't take long to go downhill.
And it has to have a bathroom with a bidet.
And it is a mysterious, wonderful thing this character, this cachet of a great city; the charm of Paris or the grandeur of London, the glittering stillness of Venice or the insistent glory of eternal Rome.
And it is easier for heaven and earth to pass, than one tittle of the law to fail.
And it is only a very short step from there, to perception which occurs in the absence of all immediate signals and has to be labeled extrasensory.
And it is right and natural for children both to have it and to show it.
And it lasted until early morning.
And it shall be a lamb without blemish, a male, of one year; according to which rite also you shall take a kid. And you shall keep it until the fourteenth day of this month; and the whole multitude of the children of Israel shall sacrifice it in the evening.
And it shall be as a sign in thy hand, and as a memorial before thy eyes; and that the law of the Lord be always in thy mouth, for with a strong hand the Lord hath brought thee out of the land of Egypt.
And it shall be as a sign in thy hand, and as a thing hung between thy eyes, for a remembrance: because the Lord hath brought us forth out of Egypt by a strong hand.
And it shall come to pass, when Pharaoh shall call you, and shall say, What is your occupation? That ye shall say, Thy servants' trade hath been about cattle from our youth even until now, both we, and also our fathers: that ye may dwell in the land of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination unto the Egyptians.
And it shows also that the meetings he then held with his followers were in secret.
And it shows everywhere: from the way my room's decorated, to the music I listen to, and the clothes I wear.
And it was from their sly hints and innuendos that Elsie was taught that it was expected of her father to give a ball, and that, indeed, a great many people would be very greatly disappointed if he did not.
And it was heard, and the fame was spread abroad in the king's court: The brethren of Joseph are come; and Pharaoh with all his family was glad.
And it was only with great difficulty.
And it was said unto him: Know thou beforehand that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land not their own, and they shall bring them under bondage, and afflict them four hundred years.
And it was so done. And God saw all the things that he had made, and they were very good. And the evening and morning were the sixth day.
And it was told Thamar that her father-in-law was come up to Thamnas to shear his sheep.
And it was told the old man: Behold thy son Joseph cometh to thee. And being strengthened, he sat on his bed.
And it was very curious indeed to see the younger sister's eyes suffused with tears, and something fervently and deeply felt, breaking through the wilfulness of what she said, and striving with it painfully.
And it's 40 miles away, may I remind you!
And it's here that you are wrong!
And just because she could not go on shore she longed for that most of all.
And just how did you manage to get your room so untidy?
And just how do you think we're going to manage that?
And just how does Tom intend to do that?
And just like that, Dima's childhood friend hung up, leaving Dima - as he was before - 99 kopeks short of his goal.
And just like that, Dima’s childhood friend hung up, leaving Dima - as he was before - 99 kopeks short of his goal.
And just like that, he's on to the next one.
And just like that, she collapsed.
And just like that, the quest began.
And just like that, the tunnel collapsed. I could hear it: The fireworks crackling in the distance, the shrouds of laughter saturating the warm evening, and not a single soul with a mind for me. I realized in that moment that I was now a true goner.
And just think, you're on the other side of the world.
And just think, you’re on the other side of the world.
And just what do you think you're up to?
And just when you think that you've seen it all...
And just where do you think you're going, young lady?
And just who are you, exactly?
And just who might you be?
And know this, these things are true.
And knowing their sorrow, I am come down to deliver them out of the hands of the Egyptians, and to bring them out of that land into a good and spacious land, into a land that floweth with milk and honey, to the places of the Canaanite, and Hethite, and Amorrhite, and Pherezite, and Hevite, and Jebusite.
And last but not least.
And later, I want to study small rural businesses to help generate more opportunities.
And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
And leave nothing of your household stuff; for all the riches of Egypt shall be yours.
And let peoples serve thee, and tribes worship thee: be thou lord of thy brethren, and let thy mother's children bow down before thee. Cursed be he that curseth thee: and let him that blesseth thee be filled with blessings.
And let the fear and dread of you be upon all the beasts of the earth, and upon all the fowls of the air, and all that move upon the earth: all the fishes of the sea are delivered into your hand.
And let them be ready against the third day; for on the third day the Lord will come down in the sight of all the people, upon Mount Sinai.
And let us make us a name, lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth.
And lifting on the shore / his hands, Anchises doth the gods adore. / "O Heaven!" he cries, "avert these threats; be kind / and stay the curse, and vex with plagues no more / a pious folk."
And lifting up his eyes, he saw the women and their children, and said: What mean these? And do they belong to thee? He answered: They are the children which God hath given to me, thy servant.
And like many small towns in England, it has quite a long history.
And like that it's correct?
And like that it’s correct?
And mamma in her 'kerchief, and I in my cap, had just settled our brains for a long winter's nap.
And marching from Socoth, they encamped in Etham, in the utmost coasts of the wilderness.
And may my almighty God make him favourable to you: and send back with you your brother, whom he keepeth, and this Benjamin: and as for me I shall be desolate without children.
And me, I was born in a nondescript town in the inland.
And me? I usually get minus two points for saying hello to a stranger.
And miraculously, he lifted his own violin and started playing, by ear, certain snippets of violin concertos.
And more fundamentally, these laws wrongly stigmatize and marginalize those living with HIV and AIDS.
And most importantly, you must help each other.
And my hands were shaking.
And my justice shall answer for me tomorrow before thee, when the time of the bargain shall come; and all that is not of divers colours, and spotted, and brown, as well among the sheep as among the goats, shall accuse me of theft.
And my master made me swear, saying: Thou shalt not take a wife for my son of the Chanaanites, in whose land I dwell: but thou shalt go to my father's house, and shalt take a wife of my own kindred for my son.
And no mervaile, for there is a great Lord present amongst them, as superintendent over their pastimes and sportes, namely, Sathan, prince of hel.
And no one ever knew a Battle Sheaf to be among the last load at a Harvest Home.
And no one helped you?
And no one helps you?
And no one is helping you?
And nobody helped you?
And not a single person went.
And not only that, the goods in the company shop were usually more expensive than elsewhere.
And now I come to the most surprising part of my story, my dear son.
And now I come to the queer part of the business.
And now I have completed a great work, which not Jove's anger, and not fire nor steel nor devouring time can sweep away.
And now I have observed that some felt upleasantly toward me for this reason too.
And now I neared the gates, and thought my flight / achieved, when suddenly a noise we hear / of trampling feet, and, peering through the night, / my father cries, "Fly, son, the Greeks are near; / they come, I see the glint of shield and spear, / fierce foes in front and flashing arms behind."
And now I want to look at it.
And now I want to watch it.
And now I will tell how it came about that Robin Hood fell afoul of the law.
And now I'd like to buy a packet of chewing gum.
And now I'm in trouble because of you!
And now a word from our sponsor.
And now can you tell what's wrong with you?
And now everything's changed, but I haven't.
And now he rests at home.
And now her two sisters found her to be that beautiful lady they had seen at the ball. They threw themselves at her feet to beg pardon for all their ill treatment of her.
And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
And now it was Philip who spoke in those unmerciful tones, whose stern face was turned away, as if he could not endure to look at him.
And now it's time for a lovely cup of tea.
And now let us talk about Tom.
And now let us talk of other matters.
And now let us talk.
And now let's discuss the lamentable state of affairs.
And now let's forget everything.
And now let's speak about nothing.
And now let's talk about our woeful deeds.
And now my parachutes fall from dream to dream through the spaces of death.
And now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do.
And now that dream is coming true.
And now the King and Queen, having kissed their dear child without waking her, went out of the palace and sent forth orders that nobody should come near it.
And now the heaven rolled round. From ocean rushed / the Night, and wrapt in shadow earth and air / and Myrmidonian wiles. In silence hushed, / the Trojans through the city here and there, / outstretched in sleep, their weary limbs repair.
And now the moment you've all been waiting for.
And now the morning watch was come, and behold the Lord looking upon the Egyptian army through the pillar of fire and of the cloud, slew their host.
And now the third day was come, and the morning appeared: and behold thunders began to be heard, and lightning to flash, and a very thick cloud to cover the mount, and the noise of the trumpet sounded exceeding loud; and the people that was in the camp, feared.
And now we are saddled with this, Tom.
And now we have a problem.
And now what are we to do?
And now what will become of us without barbarians? Those people were a kind of solution.
And now what will you do?
And now what would you like to do?
And now what?
And now who's going to clean everything?
And now you come crawling to me?
And now you have to leave.
And now you think I'm your wife!
And now you want her to come back?
And now you wish perhaps to learn on less familiar traps?
And now, Deiphobus, thy halls of pride, / bowed by the flames, come ruining through the air; / next burn Ucalegon's, and far and wide / the broad Sigean reddens with the glare.
And now, I suppose you want me to buy you a new one.
And now, I'd like to enjoy the silence and loneliness.
And now, I'm free.
And now, I'm gonna have to kill you.
And now, Lord Holdhurst, we have already taken up too much of your valuable time, and we shall wish you good-day.
And now, a word from our sponsors.
And now, are you going to go with them?
And now, back to the show.
And now, children, love the truth, and it shall preserve you.
And now, do I come or not?
And now, how does he write "dinner" in Chluh?
And now, how will they say "house" in Arabic?
And now, it's my turn!
And now, looking back on the experience, I really learned a lot.
And now, since last Monday, there has suddenly sprung up a barrier between us, and I find that there is something in her life and in her thought of which I know as little as if she were the woman who brushes by me in the street.
And now, think about a county, any county, and imagine this county divided into five or six different areas.
And now, what am I going to do?
And now, what?
And now, where is my pen?
And now, will you believe me or not?
And now, would you maybe like to know more about less well-known traps?
And now, would you maybe like to learn more about less well-known traps?
And now: thirteen hours without internet.
And now?
And oat production has fallen by almost ninety-five percent.
And of beasts clean and unclean, and of fowls, and of every thing that moveth upon the earth, two and two went in to Noah into the ark, male and female, as the Lord had commanded Noah.
And of course you mean to imply that her fate would have its use, in the way of serving as a warning to incautious youth against being in love with ideals.
And of course, a speaker usually communicates in two ways, orally as well as through gestures.
And of every living creature of all flesh, thou shalt bring two of a sort into the ark, that they may live with thee: of the male sex, and the female.
And on sunny days all the pigeons flew home.
And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made: and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had done.
And on the seventh day, God paid his bills.
And on the third day, lifting up his eyes, he saw the place afar off. And he said to his young men: Stay you here with the ass; I and the boy will go with speed as far as yonder, and after we have worshipped, will return to you.
And on top of it all, I was fired.
And one of them opening his sack, to give his beast provender in the inn, saw the money in the sack's mouth, and said to his brethren: My money is given me again; behold it is in the sack. And they were astonished, and troubled, and said to one another: What is this that God hath done unto us?
And one thing has become certain: If you exercise the wrong way in this time of COVID-19, chances are someone will criticize your behavior on social media. Maybe with photos.
And open your textbook at page ten.
And our council is the local government for our area.
And our generation? Some have come to be parents, others have come undone, and still others have come to nothing.
And overthrew the wheels of the chariots, and they were carried into the deep. And the Egyptians said: Let us flee from Israel; for the Lord fighteth for them against us.
And passing on from thence to a mountain that was on the east side of Bethel, he there pitched his tent, having Bethel on the west and Hai on the east: he built there also an altar to the Lord, and called upon his name.
And people were constantly coming to be baptized.
And perhaps "Unfinished" is a fitting title for the Met Breuer's own efforts to start anew in a space that's markedly different in both look and feel from the original Met Museum.
And pigs might fly!
And please, no chestnuts!
And pouring out the pitcher into the troughs, she ran back to the well to draw water; and having drawn, she gave to all the camels.
And prayed, while silence filled the crowded hall: / "Great Jove, the host's lawgiver, bless this day / to these my Tyrians and the Trojans all. / Long may our children's sons this solemn feast recall."
And provide out of all the people able men, such as fear God, in whom there is truth, and that hate avarice, and appoint of them rulers of thousands, and of hundreds, and of fifties, and of tens.
And raising an altar there, he invoked upon it the most mighty God of Israel.
And remember this most of all: when it is darkest, that is when you can see the stars most clearly.
And remember, whatever you need, I'm there!
And remembering the dreams, which formerly he had dreamed, he said to them: You are spies. You are come to view the weaker parts of the land.
And rising early, he took his two wives and his two handmaids, with his eleven sons, and passed over the ford of Jaboc. And when all things were brought over that belonged to him, he remained alone; and behold, a man wrestled with him till morning.
And said one to another: Behold the dreamer cometh. Come, let us kill him, and cast him into some old pit: and we will say: Some evil beast hath devoured him: and then it shall appear what his dreams avail him.
And said to him: I am God almighty, increase thou and be multiplied. Nations and peoples of nations shall be from thee, and kings shall come out of thy loins.
And say, "My Lord, increase me in knowledge."
And seven days were fully ended, after that the Lord struck the river. And the Lord said to Moses: Go in to Pharaoh, and thou shalt say to him: Thus saith the Lord: Let my people go to sacrifice to me. But if thou wilt not let them go, behold I will strike all thy coasts with frogs.
And she answered: Drink, my lord. And quickly she let down the pitcher upon her arm, and gave him drink.
And she answered: I am the daughter of Bathuel, the son of Melcha, whom she bore to Nachor.
And she answered: I flee from the face of Sarai, my mistress.
And she answered: What wilt thou give me to enjoy my company?
And she began the song to them, saying: Let us sing to the Lord, for he is gloriously magnified, the horse and his rider he hath thrown into the sea.
And she bore him a son, whom he called Gersam, saying: I have been a stranger in a foreign country.
And she called the name of the Lord that spoke unto her: Thou the God who hast seen me. For she said: Verily, here have I seen the hinder parts of him that seeth me.
And she came to him in the evening carrying a bough of an olive tree, with green leaves, in her mouth. Noah therefore understood that the waters were ceased upon the earth.
And she conceived and bore a son, and called his name Ruben, saying: The Lord saw my affliction: now my husband will love me.
And she conceived the third time, and bore another son, and said: Now also my husband will be joined to me, because I have borne him three sons: and therefore she called his name Levi.
And she conceived, and bore a son, saying: God hath taken away my reproach. And she called his name Joseph, saying: The Lord give me also another son.
And she died in the city of Arbee which is Hebron, in the land of Canaan: and Abraham came to mourn and weep for her.
And she gave him Bala in marriage: who, when her husband had gone in unto her, conceived and bore a son.
And she gave him the savoury meat, and delivered him bread that she had baked.
And she is always a troublemaker.
And she laughed secretly, saying: After I am grown old, and my lord is an old man, shall I give myself to pleasure?
And she loved him, too.
And she misses them very much.
And she put off the garments of her widowhood, and took a veil: and changing her dress, sat in the cross way, that leadeth to Thamnas: because Sela was grown up, and she had not been married to him.
And she put on him very good garments of Esau, which she had at home with her: and the little skins of the kids she put about his hands, and covered the bare of his neck.
And she said she's a true princess.
And she said, The glory is departed from Israel: for the ark of God is taken.
And she said, moreover, to him: We have good store of both straw and hay, and a large place to lodge in.
And she speedily let down the pitcher from her shoulder, and said to me: Both drink thou, and to thy camels I will give drink. I drank, and she watered the camels.
And she still makes a funny face.
And she was right again, as she always was.
And she went down to the barnfloor, and did all that her mother in law had bid her.
And she would whirl and spin and totter around, but she was still standing when Evil Eye Fleagle tried to lay her low with a double whammy.
And she'll never walk down Lime Street anymore.
And she's pretty attractive, too.
And she's very attractive, too.
And she’ll never walk down Lime Street anymore.
And since his brain is swarming with ideas, there is little doubt that on my next trip, a new machine will be in his yard!
And since our founding, American Muslims have enriched the United States. They have fought in our wars, served in government, stood for civil rights, started businesses, taught at our Universities, excelled in our sports arenas, won Nobel Prizes, built our tallest building, and lit the Olympic Torch.
And since she didn't know his address, she didn't write to him.
And since she refused to accept it, she had been living in extreme discomfort, exclaiming: "Why should we spend all the capital we are ever likely to have tying ourselves down to a place we detest!"
And sitting down to eat bread, they saw some Ismaelites on their way coming from Galaad, with their camels, carrying spices, and balm, and myrrh to Egypt.
And so Abraham buried Sara, his wife, in the double cave of the field, that looked towards Mambre, this is Hebron in the land of Canaan.
And so God took mercy on her, and gave her a girl.
And so Mary and Tom lived happily ever after.
And so at last all the seven heads of the dragon were shorn off by George's sword, and the princess was saved.
And so does my brother.
And so each citizen plays an indispensable role.
And so everything ends up coming down on Mai's shoulders.
And so everything ends up coming down on Mai’s shoulders.
And so he lived happily ever after.
And so in that spirit, let me speak as clearly and plainly as I can about some specific issues that I believe we must finally confront together.
And so it begins.
And so it happened that an hour or so later I found myself in the corner of a first-class carriage flying along en route for Exeter, while Sherlock Holmes, with his sharp, eager face framed in his ear-flapped travelling-cap, dipped rapidly into the bundle of fresh papers which he had procured at Paddington.
And so it happened that an hour or so later I found myself in the corner of a first-class carriage flying along en route for Exeter.
And so it seems she tried phoning but it's who was on the other end of that phone that was the problem.
And so it seems she tried phoning but it’s who was on the other end of that phone that was the problem.
And so it was that I found myself that foggy November evening pursuing the Camberwell tram with my heart glowing within me, and with the eager determination that not another day should elapse before I should find some deed which was worthy of my lady.
And so let freedom ring from the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire. Let freedom ring from the mighty mountains of New York. Let freedom ring from the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania. Let freedom ring from the snow-capped Rockies of Colorado. Let freedom ring from the curvaceous slopes of California.
And so on and so forth.
And so one thing leads to another.
And so taking bread and the pottage of lentils, he ate, and drank, and went on his way; making little account of having sold his first birthright.
And so the Big Bad Wolf huffed, and he puffed, and he blew down the tag that demanded a native check.
And so the Lord scattered them from that place into all lands, and they ceased to build the city.
And so the day ends: the lights go out and the thoughts rise up.
And so the man came in.
And so the method that works is treading down the snow to harden it, making blocks and piling them up.
And so the two little rabbits lived together happily in the big forest; eating dandelions, playing Jump The Daisies, Run Through The Clover and Find The Acorn all day long.
And so the veil falls, revealing the walls, of cavernous halls, Valhalla calls.
And so they didn't marry and they lived happily until the end of their lives.
And so thinking, she walked briskly along in the clear frosty air over the crisped leaves that strewed the walk, till she beheld a person approaching from the extreme end of the alley.
And so we beat on, boats against the current.
And so what are you doing here?
And so you like this man's sisters, too, do you? Their manners are not equal to his.
And so you like this man’s sisters, too, do you? Their manners are not equal to his.
And so you think that's a good idea, huh?
And so you've finally come back to Russia.
And so, Reiko, it's nothing for you to panic about.
And so, Reiko, it’s nothing for you to panic about.
And so, a tale of pain and revenge begins.
And so, how can we talk about democracy if those who actually govern the world aren't elected democratically by the people?
And so, knowledge from the past, mixed up with assumptions about that knowledge, which may be more or less appropriate, is used to augment information provided by the senses.
And so, these two who had once been soulmates, were slowly drifting apart.
And so, they decided to act immediately.
And so, what do you propose?
And so, when in the last minute of injury time in Cameroon, the home side missed a penalty kick for a final score of one-one, the streets of Ivory Coast's commercial capital, Abidjan, erupted into one giant party.
And so, when're we going out?
And so?
And sojourn in it, and I will be with thee, and will bless thee: for to thee and to thy seed I will give all these countries, to fulfil the oath which I swore to Abraham thy father.
And some of the seeds were big flat beans, or little long round beans; and some, like the sweet-peas, were very round, like shot; and some, like the cockscomb seeds, were tiny and shiny and black and so slippery that Prue lost more than she got in her envelope, though she got enough, for there is such a lot of seed on a cockscomb.
And sometimes our differences run so deep, it seems we share a continent, but not a country.
And soon after I procured Xenophon's Memorable Things of Socrates, in which there are many instances of the same method.
And soon after I procured Xenophon’s Memorable Things of Socrates, in which there are many instances of the same method.
And soon your luck will turn for the better.
And spent that day with Him.
And spy not, neither backbite one another. Would any of you love to eat the flesh of his dead brother? You would abhor that!
And suddenly I remembered that first conversation at tea on the day of my arrival, and the gleam in her eyes as she had said that poison was a woman's weapon.
And suddenly he appeared with a trident in his hand.
And suddenly, Yanni wasn't scared anymore.
And sweet is very important because glucose is the only fuel the brain can use, so nature is very interested in having us want these.
And take this rod in thy hand, wherewith thou shalt do the signs.
And take with you double money, and carry back what you found in your sacks, lest perhaps it was done by mistake. And take also your brother, and go to the man.
And taking Simeon, and binding him in their presence, he commanded his servants to fill their sacks with wheat, and to put every man's money again in their sacks, and to give them besides provisions for the way: and they did so.
And tearing his garments, he put on sackcloth, mourning for his son a long time.
And thank you.
And that cannot happen if we go back to the way things were.
And that chemical, he explains, triggers a process that inhibits the transformation of nitrogen in the soil into a powerful greenhouse gas. Most commercial fertilizers used in agriculture worldwide use nitrogen as the main nutrient.
And that happened Monday night just gone?
And that happened last Monday night?
And that happened this past Monday evening?
And that is all that will really matter!
And that is how he got himself out of danger.
And that is the “sustainable happiness” he seeks to achieve by melding Western psychotherapy and Eastern spirituality.
And that is unlikely to abate.
And that is where the difference lies.
And that man was Albert Einstein.
And that means making the language relevant to youth today by coining new words and phrases.
And that one over there is Mars.
And that was somewhat new to me, because I was used to mentoring students in a different way.
And that was the end of my friendship with Tom.
And that was the moment we expected.
And that was the straw that broke the camel's back.
And that was without question a very large and ornate and costly mahogany bookcase with glass doors.
And that will be forgotten some day, too.
And that will be forgotten, too.
And that's a welcoming sentence, so to speak.
And that's all you know? You can't remember anything else?
And that's all you remember?
And that's how I met the little prince.
And that's how I met your father.
And that's how I met your mother.
And that's how I reached my own nirvana.
And that's how I was late to school.
And that's how Mary met Tom.
And that's how Tom met Mary.
And that's how it went every day.
And that's how my dad met my mom.
And that's how my mom met my dad.
And that's how they did it.
And that's it!
And that's just the beginning of it.
And that's no exaggeration!
And that's not all.
And that's not an exaggeration!
And that's precisely where the whole problem lies.
And that's that!
And that's the danger.
And that's the dilemma.
And that's the problem.
And that's the result.
And that's the way it went.
And that's what Tom always does.
And that's what comes of it.
And that's what happened.
And that's when he kissed her.
And that's when she kissed him.
And that's when the airlift began – when the largest and most unlikely rescue in history brought food and hope to the people of Berlin.
And that's when things went south.
And that's where the conversation ends.
And that's why I'm writing to you.
And that's why I'm writing you.
And that's why for almost a hundred years, any employee has been able to go to his employer and insist on being paid in cash.
And that’s why for almost a hundred years, any employee has been able to go to his employer and insist on being paid in cash.
And that’s why we need to follow through on our efforts to combat climate change. If we don't act boldly, the bill that could come due will be mass migrations, and cities submerged and nations displaced, and food supplies decimated, and conflicts born of despair.
And the Academy Award goes to Salas Amzil.
And the Devil did grin, for his darling sin is pride that apes humility.
And the Egyptians hated the children of Israel, and afflicted them and mocked them. And they made their life bitter with hard works in clay and brick, and with all manner of service, wherewith they were overcharged in the works of the earth.
And the Egyptians pressed the people to go forth out of the land speedily, saying: We shall all die.
And the Egyptians pursuing went in after them, and all Pharaoh's horses, his chariots and horsemen, through the midst of the sea.
And the Egyptians shall know that I am the Lord, when I shall be glorified in Pharaoh, and in his chariots, and in his horsemen.
And the LORD said, I have pardoned according to thy word.
And the Lord God brought forth of the ground all manner of trees, fair to behold, and pleasant to eat of: the tree of life also in the midst of paradise: and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.
And the Lord God built the rib which He took from Adam into a woman.
And the Lord God built the rib which he took from Adam into a woman: and brought her to Adam.
And the Lord God called Adam, and said to him: Where art thou?
And the Lord God formed man of the slime of the earth: and breathed into his face the breath of life, and man became a living soul.
And the Lord God had planted a paradise of pleasure from the beginning: wherein he placed man whom he had formed.
And the Lord God having formed out of the ground all the beasts of the earth, and all the fowls of the air, brought them to Adam to see what he would call them: for whatsoever Adam called any living creature the same is its name.
And the Lord God made for Adam and his wife garments of skins, and clothed them.
And the Lord God said to the serpent: Because thou hast done this thing, thou art cursed among all cattle, and beasts of the earth: upon thy breast shalt thou go, and earth shalt thou eat all the days of thy life.
And the Lord God said to the woman: Why hast thou done this? And she answered: The serpent deceived me, and I did eat.
And the Lord God said: It is not good for man to be alone: let us make him a help like unto himself.
And the Lord God sent him out of the paradise of pleasure, to till the earth from which he was taken.
And the Lord God took man, and put him into the paradise of pleasure, to dress it, and to keep it.
And the Lord God took the man and put him in the garden of Eden to work and take care of it.
And the Lord answered, and said: Take me a cow of three years old, and a she-goat of three years. and a ram of three years, a turtle also, and a pigeon.
And the Lord appeared to Abram and said to him: To thy seed will I give this land. And he built there an altar to the Lord, who had appeared to him.
And the Lord appeared to him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he saw that the bush was on fire, and was not burnt.
And the Lord appeared to him in the vale of Mambre as he was sitting at the door of his tent, in the very heat of the day.
And the Lord appeared to him, and said: Go not down into Egypt, but stay in the land that I shall tell thee.
And the Lord appointed a time, saying: To morrow will the Lord do this thing in the land.
And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower which the children of Adam were building.
And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower.
And the Lord came down upon Mount Sinai, in the very top of the mount, and he called Moses unto the top thereof.
And the Lord delivered Israel in that day out of the hands of the Egyptians.
And the Lord departed, after he had left speaking to Abraham: and Abraham returned to his place.
And the Lord did according to the word of Moses: and the frogs died out of the houses, and out of the villages, and out of the fields. And they gathered them together into immense heaps, and the land was corrupted.
And the Lord did so. And there came a very grievous swarm of flies into the houses of Pharaoh and of his servants, and into all the land of Egypt: and the land was corrupted by this kind of flies.
And the Lord gave favour to the people in the sight of the Egyptians, so that they lent unto them: and they stripped the Egyptians.
And the Lord hardened Pharaoh's heart, and he hearkened not unto them, as the Lord had spoken to Moses.
And the Lord hardened Pharaoh's heart, and he would not let them go.
And the Lord hardened Pharaoh's heart, neither did he let the children of Israel go.
And the Lord hardened the heart of Pharaoh, king of Egypt, and he pursued the children of Israel; but they were gone forth in a mighty hand.
And the Lord looked upon the children of Israel, and he knew them.
And the Lord rained upon Sodom and Gomorrha brimstone and fire from the Lord out of heaven. And he destroyed these cities, and all the country about, all the inhabitants of the cities, and all things that spring from the earth.
And the Lord said again: Put thy hand into thy bosom. And when he had put it into his bosom, he brought it forth leprous as snow.
And the Lord said to Aaron: Go into the desert to meet Moses. And he went forth to meet him in the mountain of God, and kissed him.
And the Lord said to Abraham: Why did Sara laugh, saying: Shall I, who am an old woman, bear a child indeed?
And the Lord said to Abram, after Lot was separated from him: Lift up thy eyes, and look from the place wherein thou now art, to the north and to the south, to the east and to the west.
And the Lord said to Abram: Go forth out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and out of thy father's house, and come into the land which I shall shew thee.
And the Lord said to Cain, "Where is Abel, your brother?" And he said, "I don't know. Am I my brother's keeper?"
And the Lord said to Cain: Where is thy brother Abel? And he answered: I know not: am I my brother's keeper?
And the Lord said to Moses and Aaron in the land of Egypt: This month shall be to you the beginning of months; it shall be the first in the months of the year.
And the Lord said to Moses and Aaron: Take to you handfuls of ashes out of the chimney, and let Moses sprinkle it in the air in the presence of Pharaoh.
And the Lord said to Moses and Aaron: This is the service of the Phase; no foreigner shall eat of it. But every bought servant shall be circumcised, and so shall eat. The stranger and the hireling shall not eat thereof.
And the Lord said to Moses and Aaron: When Pharaoh shall say to you, Shew signs; thou shalt say to Aaron: Take thy rod, and cast it down before Pharaoh, and it shall be turned into a serpent.
And the Lord said to Moses, in Madian: Go, and return into Egypt; for they are all dead that sought thy life.
And the Lord said to Moses: Arise in the morning, and stand before Pharaoh, and thou shalt say to him: Thus saith the Lord, the God of the Hebrews: Let my people go to sacrifice to me.
And the Lord said to Moses: Behold I will rain bread from heaven for you; let the people go forth, and gather what is sufficient for every day: that I may prove them whether they will walk in my law, or not.
And the Lord said to Moses: Go before the people, and take with thee of the ancients of Israel: and take in thy hand the rod wherewith thou didst strike the river, and go.
And the Lord said to Moses: Go in to Pharaoh, and speak to him: Thus saith the Lord God of the Hebrews: Let my people go to sacrifice to me.
And the Lord said to Moses: Go in to Pharaoh; for I have hardened his heart, and the heart of his servants: that I may work these my signs in him, and thou mayst tell in the ears of thy sons, and of thy grandsons, how often I have plagued the Egyptians, and wrought my signs amongst them: and you may know that I am the Lord.
And the Lord said to Moses: How long will you refuse to keep my commandments, and my law?
And the Lord said to Moses: Pharaoh's heart is hardened, he will not let the people go.
And the Lord said to Moses: Say to Aaron: Stretch forth thy hand upon the streams, and upon the rivers and the pools, and bring forth frogs upon the land of Egypt.
And the Lord said to Moses: Say to Aaron: Stretch forth thy rod, and strike the dust of the earth; and may there be sciniphs in all the land of Egypt.
And the Lord said to Moses: Stretch forth thy hand over the sea, that the waters may come again upon the Egyptians, upon their chariots and horsemen.
And the Lord said to Moses: Stretch forth thy hand towards heaven, that there may be hail in the whole land of Egypt upon men, and upon beasts, and upon every herb of the field in the land of Egypt.
And the Lord said to Moses: Stretch forth thy hand upon the land of Egypt unto the locust, that it come upon it, and devour every herb that is left after the hail.
And the Lord said to Moses: Stretch out thy hand towards heaven: and may there be darkness upon the land of Egypt so thick that it may be felt.
And the Lord said to Moses: Thus shalt thou say to the children of Israel: You have seen that I have spoken to you from heaven.
And the Lord said to Moses: Why criest thou to me? Speak to the children of Israel to go forward.
And the Lord said to Moses: Write this for a memorial in a book, and deliver it to the ears of Josue; for I will destroy the memory of Amalec from under heaven.
And the Lord said to Moses: Yet one plague more will I bring upon Pharaoh and Egypt, and after that he shall let you go, and thrust you out.
And the Lord said to Noah: "Go in thou and all your house into the ark: for you I have seen just before me in this generation."
And the Lord said to him as he was returning into Egypt: See that thou do all the wonders before Pharaoh, which I have put in thy hand: I shall harden his heart, and he will not let the people go.
And the Lord said to him: Go in, thou and all thy house, into the ark: for thee I have seen just before me in this generation.
And the Lord said to him: Go, get thee down; and thou shalt come up, thou and Aaron with thee: but let not the priests and the people pass the limits, nor come up to the Lord, lest he kill them.
And the Lord said to him: I have seen the affliction of my people in Egypt, and I have heard their cry because of the rigour of them that are over the works.
And the Lord said to him: If I find in Sodom fifty just within the city, I will spare the whole place for their sake.
And the Lord said to him: No, it shall not so be: but whosoever shall kill Cain, shall be punished sevenfold. And the Lord set a mark upon Cain, that whosoever found him should not kill him.
And the Lord said to him: Why art thou angry? and why is thy countenance fallen?
And the Lord said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language; and this they begin to do.
And the Lord said: Can I hide from Abraham what I am about to do, seeing he shall become a great and mighty nation, and in him all the nations of the earth shall be blessed?
And the Lord said: Cast it down upon the ground. He cast it down, and it was turned into a serpent, so that Moses fled from it.
And the Lord said: Put out thy hand, and take it by the tail. He put forth his hand, and took hold of it, and it was turned into a rod. That they may believe, saith he, that the Lord God of their fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath appeared to thee.
And the Lord said: The cry of Sodom and Gomorrha is multiplied, and their sin is become exceedingly grievous.
And the Lord seeing that he despised Lia, opened her womb, but her sister remained barren.
And the Lord smelled a sweet savour, and said: I will no more curse the earth for the sake of man: for the imagination and thought of man's heart are prone to evil from his youth: therefore I will no more destroy every living soul as I have done.
And the Lord spoke all these words: I am the Lord thy God, who brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage.
And the Lord spoke to Moses, saying: I have heard the murmuring of the children of Israel, say to them: In the evening you shall eat flesh, and in the morning you shall have your fill of bread; and you shall know that I am the Lord your God.
And the Lord spoke to Moses, saying: Sanctify unto me every firstborn that openeth the womb among the children of Israel, as well of men as of beasts: for they are all mine.
And the Lord spoke to Moses, saying: Speak to the children of Israel: Let them turn and encamp over against Phihahiroth, which is between Magdal and the sea over against Beelsephon: you shall encamp before it upon the sea.
And the Lord visited Sara, as he had promised: and fulfilled what he had spoken. And she conceived and bore a son in her old age, at the time that God had foretold her.
And the Lord was with him, and he was a prosperous man in all things: and he dwelt in his master's house.
And the Lord went before them to shew the way, by day in a pillar of a cloud, and by night in a pillar of fire; that he might be the guide of their journey at both times.
And the Lord will give favour to his people in the sight of the Egyptians. And Moses was a very great man in the land of Egypt, in the sight of Pharaoh's servants, and of all the people.
And the Lord will make a wonderful difference between the possessions of Israel and the possessions of the Egyptians, that nothing at all shall die of those things that belong to the children of Israel.
And the Oscar goes to Tom!
And the Oscar goes to... Ziri Nani.
And the Powhatan Indians showed the settlers how to plant new crops and how to clear the land for building.
And the abode of the children of Israel that they made in Egypt, was four hundred and thirty years.
And the angel of God said to me in my sleep: Jacob. And I answered: Here I am. And he said: Lift up thy eyes, and see that all the males leaping upon the females are of divers colours, spotted and speckled. For I have seen all that Laban hath done to thee.
And the angel of God, who went before the camp of Israel, removing, went behind them: and together with him the pillar of the cloud, leaving the forepart, stood behind, between the Egyptians' camp and the camp of Israel: and it was a dark cloud, and enlightening the night, so that they could not come at one another all the night.
And the angel of the Lord called to Abraham a second time from heaven, saying: By my own self have I sworn, saith the Lord: because thou hast done this thing, and hast not spared thy only begotten son for my sake: I will bless thee, and I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven, and as the sand that is by the sea shore; thy seed shall possess the gates of their enemies. And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed, because thou hast obeyed my voice.
And the angel of the Lord having found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness, which is in the way to Sur in the desert, he said to her: Agar, handmaid of Sarai, whence comest thou? and whither goest thou?
And the angel of the Lord said to her: Return to thy mistress, and humble thyself under her hand.
And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people. For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord. And this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger. And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying, Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.
And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, upon the mountains of Ararat.
And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, upon the mountains of Armenia.
And the award goes to: Tom Smith!
And the ball is in the net.
And the banquet sponsor tasted the water, which had turned into wine.
And the bear's skin dropped off, and the beautiful girl stood before him, in the dress woven out of the star-light, and he saw that she was the stranger with whom he had fallen so deeply in love. And now she appeared to him a thousand times more beautiful than ever.
And the blood shall be unto you for a sign in the houses where you shall be; and I shall see the blood, and shall pass over you; and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you, when I shall strike the land of Egypt.
And the bow shall be in the clouds, and I shall see it, and shall remember the everlasting covenant, that was made between God and every living soul of all flesh which is upon the earth.
And the boy did.
And the boy grew older.
And the boys and the girls play.
And the child grew, and was weaned: and Abraham made a great feast on the day of his weaning.
And the child's sister said to her: Shall I go, and call to thee a Hebrew woman, to nurse the babe?
And the children of Israel ate manna forty years, till they came to a habitable land: with this meat were they fed, until they reached the borders of the land of Canaan.
And the children of Israel came into Elim, where there were twelve fountains of water, and seventy palm trees: and they encamped by the waters.
And the children of Israel did as Moses had commanded: and they asked of the Egyptians vessels of silver and gold, and very much raiment.
And the children of Israel did so: and they gathered, one more, another less.
And the children of Israel going forth, did as the Lord had commanded Moses and Aaron.
And the children of Israel said to them: Would to God we had died by the hand of the Lord in the land of Egypt, when we sat over the fleshpots, and ate bread to the full: Why have you brought us into this desert, that you might destroy all the multitude with famine?
And the children of Israel set forward from Ramesse to Socoth, being about six hundred thousand men on foot, beside children.
And the children of Israel went in through the midst of the sea dried up; for the water was as a wall on their right hand and on their left.
And the city acquired a tangibility, a permanence, a hold on his life, mainly from the one nucleus of fact that the man for whose knowledge and purposes he had so much reverence was actually living there; not only so, but living among the more thoughtful and mentally shining ones therein.
And the custom was, when all the sheep were gathered together, to roll away the stone, and after the sheep were watered, to put it on the mouth of the well again.
And the days of Abraham's life were a hundred and seventy-five years.
And the days of Adam, after he begot Seth, were eight hundred years: and he begot sons and daughters. And all the time that Adam lived, came to nine hundred and thirty years, and he died.
And the days of Isaac were a hundred and eighty years. And being spent with age he died, and was gathered to his people, being old and full of days: and his sons Esau and Jacob buried him.
And the details?
And the dinosaurs are gone.
And the earth brought forth the green herb, and such as yieldeth seed according to its kind, and the tree that beareth fruit, having seed each one according to its kind. And God saw that it was good.
And the earth was corrupted before God, and was filled with iniquity.
And the earth was void and empty, and darkness was upon the face of the deep; and the spirit of God moved over the waters.
And the elder bore a son, and she called his name Moab: he is the father of the Moabites unto this day.
And the elder said to the younger: Our father is old, and there is no man left on the earth, to come in unto us after the manner of the whole earth.
And the evening and morning were the fifth day.
And the evening and morning were the fourth day.
And the evening and the morning were the third day.
And the eyes of them both were opened: and when they perceived themselves to be naked, they sewed together fig leaves, and made themselves aprons.
And the famine increased daily in all the land: and Joseph opened all the barns, and sold to the Egyptians: for the famine had oppressed them also.
And the father acknowledging it, said: It is my son's coat, an evil wild beast hath eaten him, a beast hath devoured Joseph.
And the father said to Joseph: Now shall I die with joy, because I have seen thy face, and leave thee alive.
And the field that before was Ephron's, wherein was the double cave, looking towards Mambre, both it and the cave, and all the trees thereof, in all its limits round about, was made sure to Abraham for a possession, in the sight of the children of Heth, and of all that went in at the gate of his city.
And the field was made sure to Abraham, and the cave that was in it, for a possession to bury in, by the children of Heth.
And the first prize goes to...John Doe!
And the fishes that are in the river shall die, and the waters shall be corrupted, and the Egyptians shall be afflicted when they drink the water of the river.
And the fishes that were in the river died; and the river corrupted, and the Egyptians could not drink the water of the river, and there was blood in all the land of Egypt.
And the flood was forty days upon the earth: and the waters increased, and lifted up the ark on high from the earth.
And the fowls came down upon the carcasses, and Abram drove them away.
And the fruitfulness of the seven years came: and the corn being bound up into sheaves, was gathered together into the barns of Egypt. And all the abundance of grain was laid up in every city.
And the good news is that today the economy is growing again. Wages, incomes, home values and retirement accounts are all rising again. Poverty is falling again.
And the government faces a monumental task of rebooting an economy crippled by two months of confinement.
And the grandfather, won't you bury him?
And the grandmother stroked his hair and told him some stories.
And the hail and fire mixt with it drove on together: and it was of so great bigness, as never before was seen in the whole land of Egypt since that nation was founded.
And the hail destroyed through all the land of Egypt all things that were in the fields, both man and beast: and the hail smote every herb of the field, and it broke every tree of the country.
And the holiday begins.
And the house of Israel called the name thereof Manna: and it was like coriander seed, white, and the taste thereof like to flour with honey.
And the issue is?
And the joy of having her there, the delight of gazing into her sweet, lovely face, and the youthful gift of forgetting the past in favor of the present, silenced every bitter reflection.
And the kind of rat we work with are all very sweet. They like to be held and handled. They like to interact with people, and they really like to work hard. They are really out to please you.
And the king called for them and said: What is it that you meant to do, that you would save the men children?
And the king of Egypt spoke to the midwives of the Hebrews: of whom one was called Sephora, the other Phua, commanding them: When you shall do the office of midwives to the Hebrew women, and the time of delivery is come: if it be a man child, kill it: if a woman, keep it alive.
And the king said to Joseph: I am Pharaoh: without thy commandment no man shall move hand or foot in all the land of Egypt.
And the land which I gave to Abraham and Isaac, I will give to thee, and to thy seed after thee.
And the little black rabbit never looked sad again.
And the magicians also, by their enchantments, did in like manner, and they brought forth frogs upon the land of Egypt.
And the magicians of the Egyptians with their enchantments did in like manner; and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, neither did he hear them, as the Lord had commanded.
And the magicians said to Pharaoh: This is the finger of God. And Pharaoh's heart was hardened, and he hearkened not unto them, as the Lord had commanded.
And the magicians with their enchantments practised in like manner, to bring forth sciniphs, and they could not: and there were sciniphs as well on men as on beasts.
And the man said to him: They are departed from this place: for I heard them say: Let us go to Dothain. And Joseph went forward after his brethren, and found them in Dothain.
And the man was enriched, and he went on prospering and increasing, till he became exceeding great.
And the master of the banquet tasted the water that had been turned into wine.
And the master of the banquet tested the water that had been turned into wine.
And the men are shepherds, for their trade hath been to feed cattle; and they have brought their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have.
And the men of Sodom were very wicked, and sinners before the face of the Lord beyond measure.
And the messengers returned to Jacob, saying: We came to Esau, thy brother, and behold he cometh with speed to meet thee with four hundred men.
And the more we participate in our yearly congresses, the more we associate, and the more the principles of the Green Ensign will penetrate our souls.
And the name of the person you're calling, please?
And the name of the person you’re calling, please?
And the name of the second river is Gehon: the same is it that compasseth all the land of Ethiopia.
And the name of the third river is Tigris: the same passeth along by the Assyrians. And the fourth river is Euphrates.
And the next day Moses sat to judge the people, who stood by Moses from morning until night.
And the next day the deaf man, running across the yard, shouted to her "You, mama, if you need anything, take it!"
And the next day the elder said to the younger: Behold I lay last night with my father, let us make him drink wine also to night, and thou shalt lie with him, that we may save seed of our father.
And the night can't end without trying some marzipan.
And the officers of the children of Israel came, and cried out to Pharaoh, saying: Why dealest thou so with thy servants?
And the officers of the children of Israel saw that they were in evil case, because it was said to them: There shall not a whit be diminished of the bricks for every day.
And the only thing he was really good at was playing Joe Biden like a fiddle. He played him like a fiddle.
And the overseers of the works pressed them, saying: Fulfil your work every day, as before ye were wont to do, when straw was given you.
And the overseers of the works, and the taskmasters, went out and said to the people: Thus saith Pharaoh: I allow you no straw; go, and gather it where you can find it; neither shall any thing of your work be diminished.
And the people believed. And they heard that the Lord had visited the children of Israel, and that he had looked upon their affliction: and falling down they adored.
And the people continue to die of hunger.
And the people kept telling me about the good things that Kim had done.
And the people kept the sabbath on the seventh day.
And the people murmured against Moses, saying: What shall we drink?
And the people stood afar off. But Moses went to the dark cloud wherein God was.
And the people was scattered through all the land of Egypt to gather straw.
And the people? What will they say?
And the priest of Madian had seven daughters, who came to draw water: and when the troughs were filled, desired to water their father's flocks.
And the princes told Pharaoh, and praised her before him, and the woman was taken into the house of Pharaoh.
And the problem is?
And the protesters across the globe appear to be combining smartly offline and online tools, copying each other, even street opponents, feeding on a new era of anger, in which losers even in countries that hold fair elections are not prepared to accept the results and winners demand all too often total obeisance from those vanquished at the polls.
And the rain fell upon the earth forty days and forty nights.
And the rest is history.
And the river shall bring forth an abundance of frogs; which shall come up and enter into thy house, and thy bedchamber, and upon thy bed, and into the houses of thy servants, and to thy people, and into thy ovens, and into the remains of thy meats. And the frogs shall come in to thee, and to thy people, and to all thy servants.
And the rocket’s red glare, the bomb’s bursting in air, gave proof through the night that our flag was still there.
And the same thing happened the next eight days.
And the serpent said to the woman: No, you shall not die the death. For God doth know that in what day soever you shall eat thereof, your eyes shall be opened: and you shall be as Gods, knowing good and evil.
And the servant came and chopped the Tree into little pieces.
And the servant ran to meet her, and said: Give me a little water to drink of thy pitcher.
And the servant told Isaac all that he had done, who brought her into the tent of Sara his mother, and took her to wife: and he loved her so much, that it moderated the sorrow which was occasioned by his mother's death.
And the seven lean and thin kine that came up after them, and the seven thin ears that were blasted with the burning wind, are seven years of famine to come: Which shall be fulfilled in this order. Behold, there shall come seven years of great plenty in the whole land of Egypt, after which shall follow other seven years of so great scarcity, that all the abundance before shall be forgotten: for the famine shall consume all the land, and the greatness of the scarcity shall destroy the greatness of the plenty.
And the seventh day came; and some of the people going forth to gather, found none.
And the shepherds came and drove them away: and Moses arose, and defending the maids, watered their sheep.
And the sons of Israel did as they were bid. And Joseph gave them wagons according to Pharaoh's commandment: and provisions for the way.
And the sons of Joseph, that were born to him in the land of Egypt, two souls. All the souls of the house of Jacob, that entered into Egypt, were seventy.
And the sons of Noah, who came out of the ark, were Shem, Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan.
And the sound of the trumpet grew by degrees louder and louder, and was drawn out to a greater length: Moses spoke, and God answered him.
And the sun of Homer, look! It smiles upon us.
And the sun rises and the sun goes down, and it yearns for its place, and it rises there.
And the tea isn't good either.
And the tea isn't very tasty either.
And the tea isn’t good either.
And the teams competed with each other to try to kick the ball through this hole.
And the third day he brought them out of prison, and said: Do as I have said, and you shall live: for I fear God. If you be peaceable men, let one of your brethren be bound in prison: and go ye your ways, and carry the corn that you have bought, unto your houses.
And the time comes to live in prayer.
And the time comes when the soul awakens from its dream... And it realizes that everything was an illusion. From the false selves, it's now finally free. And light and pure it goes back to the Source of Creation.
And the time has come to say goodbye.
And the time of the mourning being expired, Joseph spoke to the family of Pharaoh: If I have found favour in your sight, speak in the ears of Pharaoh. For my father made me swear to him, saying: Behold I die; thou shalt bury me in my sepulchre which I have digged for myself in the land of Canaan. So I will go up and bury my father, and return.
And the toilets that are there are not always clean.
And the tokens he received as wages could only be spent at that shop.
And the tree was often alone.
And the truth is elusive because it knows where to hide.
And the two angels came to Sodom in the evening, and Lot was sitting in the gate of the city. And seeing them, he rose up and went to meet them: and worshipped prostrate to the ground. And said: I beseech you, my lords, turn in to the house of your servant, and lodge there: wash your feet, and in the morning you shall go on your way.
And the view isn't too bad either.
And the violence causes silence.
And the war between France and Britain was over.
And the waters prevailed beyond measure upon the earth: and all the high mountains under the whole heaven were covered.
And the waters prevailed upon the earth a hundred and fifty days.
And the waters returned from off the earth going and coming: and they began to be abated after a hundred and fifty days. .
And the waters returned, and covered the chariots and the horsemen of all the army of Pharaoh, who had come into the sea after them, neither did there so much as one of them remain.
And the waters were going and decreasing until the tenth month: for in the tenth month, the first day of the month, the tops of the mountains appeared.
And the way to his house is the way of death.
And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech.
And the woman answered him, saying: Of the fruit of the trees that are in paradise we do eat: But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of paradise, God hath commanded us that we should not eat; and that we should not touch it, lest perhaps we die.
And the woman saw that the tree was good to eat, and fair to the eyes, and delightful to behold: and she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave to her husband, who did eat.
And the women said to Noemi: Blessed be the Lord, who hath not suffered thy family to want a successor: that his name should be preserved in Israel.
And the women, her neighbours, congratulating with her, and saying, There is a son born to Noemi, called his name Obed: he is the father of Isai, the father of David.
And the world was made through him.
And the yellow one?
And their children and wives they took captive.
And them, that were without, they struck with blindness from the least to the greatest, so that they could not find the door.
And then I breathe a sigh from melancholy in being unable to do anything about it.
And then I had this idea: Could I ever track animals underwater?
And then I heard that they eat blue cheese on thin ginger cookies in Sweden. Can that be right?
And then I turned the TV off and went to sleep.
And then I want to study small rural businesses to help create more opportunities.
And then I woke up in a reclining armchair with a slice of my birthday cake on my chest.
And then Marie-Celeste proceeded to narrate at length her unexpected encounter with Ted under the apple-tree.
And then Mary leaned over and said something in Tom's ear.
And then Tom came in and he saw me crying.
And then Tom did something totally unexpected.
And then Tom noticed something strange.
And then Tom started shouting and told everyone to go home.
And then came creeping over her face and eyes flies without wings; she winked and blinked, but they could not fly away, for their wings had been pulled off; this, added to the hunger she felt, was horrible torture.
And then came the day when everything changed.
And then came the flies: they crept upon her eyes, and however much she winked they would not fly away; they could not, for she had pulled off their wings.
And then everyone started dancing.
And then everyone started laughing.
And then everyone started singing.
And then everyone stood up and clapped.
And then everything that was written was completely clear.
And then he betrayed me.
And then he is called a hunter.
And then he kissed her rosy mouth and played with her long waving hair.
And then he kissed her.
And then he lived happily ever after.
And then he met a girl who changed his life forever.
And then he quickly looked around to make sure that nobody saw it.
And then he realized that his wanderings had come to an end, and that there, on that barren crag, he was about to die.
And then he realized that his wanderings had come to an end, and that there, on that barren crag, he was about to die. "Why not here, as well as in a feather bed, twenty years hence," he muttered, as he seated himself in the shelter of a boulder.
And then he sat down himself.
And then he started kissing me again.
And then his wife said that she was pregnant.
And then in an instant the key of the riddle was in my hands.
And then it began to snow. April lived up to its reputation: during this one week, participants experienced all four seasons.
And then it began to snow. April was living up to its reputation: during this one week, participants experienced all four seasons.
And then it is placed in the fire.
And then she kissed him.
And then she let slip a not-so-subtle innuendo about my drinking habits.
And then she remembered that human beings could not live in the water.
And then she slapped him.
And then she started ignoring me for no reason.
And then something amazing happened.
And then something unexpected occurred.
And then something very strange happened.
And then suddenly it struck me that what was dark to me might be very light to Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
And then suddenly, in the very dead of the night, there came a sound to my ears, clear, resonant, and unmistakable.
And then the Romans came in 55 B. C.
And then the accursed Alexander burned and cast it away into the sea.
And then the forlorn and haunting howls echoed down the river narrows and into our ears from a mile away, and before we had a chance to look at each other in disbelief the dogs answered the pack joyously. "We're over here!" they seemed to say. "And we're over here!" the wolves howled back.
And then the happenings of some wild and remote place will be heard by electronic ears and recorded and catalogued in a digital language of waves. Crests and troughs carrying the muted hoots of owls, the lonesome calls of wolves, the wind raking through spruce boughs, or a kind of purity and peacefulness beyond description, glabrous as glare ice and just as condensed.
And then the war began.
And then the war started.
And then there was a great silence.
And then there’s the floor plate — the distance from the elevator to the facade, where the windows are — to consider. When the floor plate’s too large, it’s hard to design apartments that get enough natural light.
And then they kissed.
And then they started kissing.
And then very strange things began to happen.
And then war broke out.
And then we'll hear a Story Interlude about Mark Twain, a famous American writer, and his popular novel, Tom Sawyer.
And then what happened?
And then what happens?
And then what'll happen?
And then what?
And then you ate it?
And then!
And then, Oh, my! how his heart went pitter-pat, for right in front of him, not forty hops away, sat Danny Fox on a three legged stool smoking a corncob pipe.
And then, dreams became nightmares.
And then, he chased the cattle, the sheep and everyone out of the temple.
And then, in a twinkling, I heard on the roof The prancing and pawing of each little hoof. As I drew in my head, and was turning around, Down the chimney St. Nicholas came with a bound.
And then, in the middle of a magnificent meal, he started belching! How disgusting!
And then, it took them far from home.
And then, on the final turn, he began to sprint at full speed.
And then, out of the corner of his eye, Ziri noticed Rima.
And then, the boy did that.
And then, the witch doctor? He told me what to do.
And then, what did you do?
And then?
And there I will feed thee, (for there are yet five years of famine remaining) lest both thou perish, and thy house, and all things that thou hast.
And there came a famine in the country: and Abram went down into Egypt, to sojourn there: for the famine was very grievous in the land.
And there is not even enough water.
And there is one more method of climbing up to the slide deck.
And there lies the problem.
And there shall be a great cry in all the land of Egypt, such as neither hath been before, nor shall be hereafter.
And there was light.
And there was much more that Tom wanted to show us.
And there was no bread in all the land; for the famine was very sore, so that the land of Egypt and all the land of Canaan fainted by reason of the famine.
And there was so great abundance of wheat, that it was equal to the sand of the sea, and the plenty exceeded measure.
And there we were: the best of any house.
And there were three.
And there you go ! I always fall back into my old habits! I had sworn to myself to do without this time-consuming Facebook!
And there's nothing, absolutely nothing, that I love better than a full-blown ruckus. Especially if it is over me.
And therefore be ye not like thereunto, nor to the works thereof.
And therefore have I raised thee, that I may shew my power in thee, and my name may be spoken of throughout all the earth.
And therefore the Lord slew him, because he did a detestable thing.
And therefore the name thereof was called Babel, because there the language of the whole earth was confounded: and from thence the Lord scattered them abroad upon the face of all countries.
And therein lies the problem.
And thereupon began a mighty combat between George and the dragon; and whenever the dragon came near to George his dog would spring at one of his paws, and when one of the heads reared back to deal with it George's horse would spring to that side, and George's sword would sweep that head away.
And there’s growing evidence that the 100 trillion or so microbes we carry on us and inside us — what scientists call our microbiome — are doing all sorts of things we never expected, from training our immune systems to regulating our moods.
And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues; they shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover!
And these, what do you say about them?
And they all agreed, and circumcised all the males.
And they all had helmets of bronze, crimson tunics, and greaves, and carried their shields uncovered.
And they all lived happily ever after.
And they answered: Thy servant our father is in health; he is yet living. And bowing themselves, they made obeisance to him.
And they answered: We saw that the Lord is with thee, and therefore we said: Let there be an oath between us, and let us make a covenant, that thou do us no harm, as we on our part have touched nothing of thine, nor have done any thing to hurt thee; but with peace have sent thee away, increased with the blessing of the Lord.
And they answered: Why doth our lord speak so, as though thy servants had committed so heinous a fact?
And they answered: our life is in thy hand; only let my lord look favourably upon us, and we will gladly serve the king.
And they baked the meal, which a little before they had brought out of Egypt in dough: and they made hearth cakes unleavened: for it could not be leavened, the Egyptians pressing them to depart, and not suffering them to make any stay; neither did they think of preparing any meat.
And they being much afraid, said there one to another: Because of the money, which we carried back the first time in our sacks, we are brought in: that he may bring upon us a false accusation, and by violence make slaves of us and our asses.
And they both dreamed a dream the same night, according to the interpretation agreeing to themselves.
And they both offended the mind of Isaac and Rebecca.
And they brought him forth, and set him without the city: and there they spoke to him, saying: Save thy life: look not back, neither stay thou in all the country about: but save thy self in the mountain, lest thou be also consumed.
And they brought us whole binders full of women.
And they called Lot, and said to him: Where are the men that came in to thee at night? bring them out hither, that we may know them:
And they called back Moses, and Aaron, to Pharaoh; and he said to them: Go, sacrifice to the Lord your God: who are they that shall go?
And they called her, and when she was come, they asked: Wilt thou go with this man? She said: I will go.
And they came into Mara, and they could not drink the waters of Mara because they were bitter: whereupon he gave a name also agreeable to the place, calling it Mara, that is, bitterness.
And they came the second year, and said to him: We will not hide from our lord, how that our money is spent, and our cattle also are gone: neither art thou ignorant that we have nothing now left but our bodies and our lands.
And they came to Jacob their father in the land of Canaan, and they told him all things that had befallen them, saying: The lord of the land spoke roughly to us, and took us to be spies of the country.
And they came to the place which God had shewn him, where he built an altar, and laid the wood in order upon it; and when he had bound Isaac his son, he laid him on the altar upon the pile of wood.
And they came to the threshing floor of Atad, which is situated beyond the Jordan: where celebrating the exequies with a great and vehement lamentation, they spent full seven days.
And they came together, and they assembled all the ancients of the children of Israel.
And they chode with Moses, and said: Give us water, that we may drink. And Moses answered them: Why chide you with me? Wherefore do you tempt the Lord?
And they covered the whole face of the earth, wasting all things. And the grass of the earth was devoured, and what fruits soever were on the trees, which the hail had left; and there remained not any thing that was green on the trees, or in the herbs of the earth, in all Egypt.
And they did so as Moses had commanded, and it did not putrify, neither was there worm found in it.
And they did so. And Aaron stretched forth his hand, holding the rod; and he struck the dust of the earth, and there came sciniphs on men and on beasts: all the dust of the earth was turned into sciniphs through all the land of Egypt.
And they did so. And it was told the king of the Egyptians that the people was fled: and the heart of Pharaoh and of his servants was changed with regard to the people, and they said: What meant we to do, that we let Israel go from serving us?
And they digged also another; and for that they quarrelled likewise, and he called the name of it, Enmity.
And they digged in the torrent, and found living water.
And they entered into the land of Egypt with others that went to buy. For the famine was in the land of Canaan.
And they found themselves in a magical world called Narnia.
And they hearkened not to him, but some of them left until the morning, and it began to be full of worms, and it putrified, and Moses was angry with them.
And they knew not that Joseph understood, because he spoke to them by an interpreter.
And they knew something which the Europeans did not.
And they lived happily ever after.
And they lived happy forever.
And they lived very happily together though no children came to them.
And they made a league for the well of oath. And Abimelech and Phicol, the general of his army, arose and returned to the land of the Palestines.
And they made their father drink wine that night: and the elder went in, and lay with her father: but he perceived not, neither when his daughter lay down, nor when she rose up.
And they measured by the measure of a gomor: neither had he more that had gathered more; nor did he find less that had provided less: but every one had gathered, according to what they were able to eat.
And they met Moses and Aaron, who stood over against them as they came out from Pharaoh, and they said to them: The Lord see and judge, because you have made our savour to stink before Pharaoh and his servants, and you have given him a sword, to kill us.
And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn them thoroughly.
And they said to Lot: Hast thou here any of thine? son in law, or sons, or daughters, all that are thine bring them out of this city: For we will destroy this place, because their cry is grown loud before the Lord, who hath sent us to destroy them.
And they said, Go to, let us build a city and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven.
And they said: Come, let us make a city and a tower, the top whereof may reach to heaven; and let us make our name famous before we be scattered abroad into all lands.
And they said: Do as thou hast spoken.
And they said: Let us call the maid, and ask her will.
And they said: No, but we will abide in the street.
And they said: The God of the Hebrews hath called us, to go three days' journey into the wilderness, and to sacrifice to the Lord our God; lest a pestilence or the sword fall upon us.
And they saw the Egyptians dead upon the sea shore, and the mighty hand that the Lord had used against them: and the people feared the Lord, and they believed the Lord, and Moses his servant.
And they saw the new heaven and new earth.
And they sent a message to him, saying: Thy father commanded us before he died, that we should say thus much to thee from him: I beseech thee to forget the wickedness of thy brethren, and the sin and malice they practised against thee.
And they set forward from Elim, and all the multitude of the children of Israel came into the desert of Sin, which is between Elim and Sinai: the fifteenth day of the second month, after they came out of the land of Egypt.
And they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruninghooks: nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.
And they shall fill thy houses, and the houses of thy servants, and of all the Egyptians: such a number as thy fathers have not seen, nor thy grandfathers, from the time they were first upon the earth, until this present day. And he turned himself away, and went forth from Pharaoh.
And they shall hear thy voice; and thou shalt go in, thou and the ancients of Israel, to the king of Egypt, and thou shalt say to him: The Lord God of the Hebrews hath called us; we will go three days' journey into the wilderness, to sacrifice unto the Lord our God.
And they shall take of the blood thereof, and put it upon both the side posts, and on the upper door posts of the houses, wherein they shall eat it. And they shall eat the flesh that night roasted at the fire, and unleavened bread with wild lettuce.
And they succeeded so well that in three or four hundred years they had changed the very face of Europe.
And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as God had commanded him: and the Lord shut him in on the outside.
And they that were over the works of the children of Israel, were scourged by Pharaoh's taskmasters, saying: Why have you not made up the task of bricks, both yesterday and today, as before?
And they took ashes out of the chimney, and stood before Pharaoh, and Moses sprinkled it in the air; and there came boils with swelling blains in men and beasts.
And they took his coat, and dipped it in the blood of a kid, which they had killed: Sending some to carry it to their father, and to say: This we have found: see whether it be thy son's coat, or not.
And they took their sheep, and their herds, and their asses, wasting all they had in their houses and in their fields.
And they turned themselves from thence, and went their way to Sodom: but Abraham as yet stood before the Lord.
And they used Abram well for her sake. And he had sheep and oxen and he-asses, and men servants, and maid servants, and she-asses, and camels.
And they walked up the long flight of steps to Roquebrune, talking banalities. She gave him none of the news for which he longed, and they spoke not at all of the career which together they had mapped out for him.
And they went up out of Egypt, and came into the land of Canaan, to their father Jacob. And they told him, saying: Joseph, thy son, is living; and he is ruler in all the land of Egypt. Which when Jacob heard, he awaked as it were out of a deep sleep, yet did not believe them.
And they were both naked: to wit, Adam and his wife: and were not ashamed.
And they will continue to influence the world through the excitement of their literature, movies and music.
And they would play hide and go seek.
And they're finally here, singing just for you.
And this day shall be for a memorial to you; and you shall keep it a feast to the Lord in your generations, with an everlasting observance.
And this dessert, is it for today or tomorrow?
And this is Tom.
And this is Yanni, my sweet little angel.
And this is a beach.
And this is how Pandark got lost in his room, never to be seen again. Some say that he died of hunger, others that he still wanders in search of his CDs.
And this is how it ended for Tom.
And this is how we cook the tourists.
And this is my page.
And this is our house.
And this is the judgment, that the light is come into the world, and men loved the darkness rather than the light; for their works were evil.
And this is the record of John, when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, Who art thou?
And this is true after all: no matter how good it was there, when such a good thing remains unchanged for a lifetime, it easily stops being good.
And this is where you come in.
And this little piggy went to market.
And this one, what do you say about it?
And this one, what do you think of it?
And this sweet, is it for today or tomorrow?
And this year, in this election, she touched her finger to a screen, and cast her vote; because after 106 years in America, through the best of times and the darkest of hours, she knows how America can change.
And those evil people will die.
And those were her last words.
And those were his last words.
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.
And thou didst arm thyself ere thou wentest forth?
And thou saidst to thy servants: Bring him hither to me, and I will set my eyes on him.
And thou saidst to thy servants: Except your youngest brother come with you, you shall see my face no more.
And thou shalt appoint certain limits to the people round about, and thou shalt say to them: Take heed ye go not up into the mount, and that ye touch not the borders thereof: every one that toucheth the mount, dying he shall die.
And thou shalt dwell in the land of Goshen: and thou shalt be near me, thou and thy sons, and thy sons' sons, thy sheep, and thy herds, and all things that thou hast.
And thou shalt go to thy fathers in peace, and be buried in a good old age.
And thou shalt say to him: Thus saith the Lord: Israel is my son, my firstborn. I have said to thee: Let my son go, that he may serve me, and thou wouldst not let him go: behold I will kill thy son, thy firstborn.
And thou shalt tell thy son in that day, saying: This is what the Lord did to me when I came forth out of Egypt.
And thou shouldst have one to comfort thy soul, and cherish thy old age. For he is born of thy daughter in law: who loveth thee: and is much better to thee, than if thou hadst seven sons.
And though I won a few of them; there were many more that I ultimately lost.
And though a web looks complicated, it takes a spider little time to make one and catch insects.
And though he knew his brethren, he was not known by them.
And throughout history, Islam has demonstrated through words and deeds the possibilities of religious tolerance and racial equality.
And thus fades the glory of the world.
And thus he failed the exam.
And thus his attention was distracted from the sight.
And thus no cavalier appeared to rival or to obscure the ideal picture of chivalrous excellence which Lucy had pictured to herself in the Master of Ravenswood.
And thus shalt thou make it. The length of the ark shall be three hundred cubits: the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits.
And thus the lion fell in love with the ewe.
And thus you shall eat it: you shall gird your reins, and you shall have shoes on your feet, holding staves in your hands, and you shall eat in haste; for it is the Phase (that is the Passage) of the Lord.
And time keeps passing on by.
And to Adam he said: Because thou hast hearkened to the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, whereof I commanded thee, that thou shouldst not eat, cursed is the earth in thy work: with labour and toil shalt thou eat thereof all the days of thy life.
And to Sara he said: Behold I have given thy brother a thousand pieces of silver, this shall serve thee for a covering of thy eyes to all that are with thee, and whithersoever thou shalt go: and remember thou wast taken.
And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Enos: then began men to call upon the name of the Lord.
And to all beasts of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to all that move upon the earth, and wherein there is life, that they may have to feed upon.
And to all those watching tonight from beyond our shores, from parliaments and palaces, to those who are huddled around radios in the forgotten corners of the world, our stories are singular, but our destiny is shared, and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand.
And to him it seemed as if the world had been turned upside down.
And to make matters worse, I have the hiccups.
And to make matters worse, he met with a traffic accident.
And to me, why the fuck would it matter to me?
And to tell you the truth, it's eating me up inside.
And to the people whose married life is not going well, let's remember the marriage covenant sworn solemnly before God at the wedding ceremony.
And to the people whose married life is not going well, let’s remember the marriage covenant sworn solemnly before God at the wedding ceremony.
And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn, I may not have won your vote tonight, but I hear your voices.
And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn, I may not have won your vote tonight, but I hear your voices. I need your help. And I will be your president, too.
And to those who think they have defeated me, I reply with my victory.
And to those who thought they had defeated me, I reply to you with my victory.
And to top it all, I was sacked.
And today, I still believe in you.
And together, now, we have to open our hearts and do more to help refugees who are desperate for a home.
And together, we made our way towards the city.
And tomorrow another week begins.
And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in America — the heartache and the hope; the struggle and the progress; the times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes we can.
And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in America — the heartache and the hope; the struggle and the progress; the times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes we can. At a time when women's voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed, she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach out for the ballot. Yes we can. When there was despair in the dust bowl and depression across the land, she saw a nation conquer fear itself with a New Deal, new jobs, a new sense of common purpose. Yes we can. When the bombs fell on our harbor and tyranny threatened the world, she was there to witness a generation rise to greatness and a democracy was saved. Yes we can. She was there for the buses in Montgomery, the hoses in Birmingham, a bridge in Selma, and a preacher from Atlanta who told a people that we shall overcome. Yes we can. A man touched down on the moon, a wall came down in Berlin, a world was connected by our own science and imagination.
And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in America. The heartache and the hope, the struggle and the progress. The times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes, we can.
And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in the United States — the heartache and the hope; the struggle and the progress; the times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes we can.
And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in the United States. The heartache and the hope, the struggle and the progress. The times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that US creed: Yes, we can.
And tonight, I think about all that she’s seen throughout her century in America â€” the heartache and the hope; the struggle and the progress; the times we were told that we can’t, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes we can.
And tonight, I think about all that she’s seen throughout her century in America. The heartache and the hope, the struggle and the progress. The times we were told that we can’t, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes, we can.
And trembling, he said: How terrible is this place? this is no other but the house of God, and the gate of heaven.
And two days ago I signed an order making English the official language of the United States.
And underneath his sawhorse there was a little pile of sawdust.
And unlike Oshin, they do complain although certainly not at work and generally not in public.
And upon you be peace!
And we answered him: We are peaceable men, and we mean no plot. We are twelve brethren born of one father: one is not living, the youngest is with our father in the land of Canaan.
And we answered thee, my lord: We have a father an old man, and a young boy, that was born in his old age; whose brother by the mother is dead; and he alone is left of his mother, and his father loveth him tenderly.
And we are fully entitled to hope that within a few years our goal will have been fully attained. The international language will be an accomplished fact throughout the world and the beautiful millennial dream of mankind will have been realized.
And we are not intimidated by the ghosts of the night, nor the blows of fate, nor the people's mocking.
And we can communicate so many things in so many ways - with our faces, hands, bodies, and voices. We can even write our thoughts in words.
And we eat three times a day.
And we gave it to you to drink.
And we get tired of living on spoon victuals and the memory of past beef-steaks.
And we got a free pizza.
And we had spent hours talking together.
And we have brought other money besides, to buy what we want: we cannot tell who put it in our bags.
And we know the government can't solve every problem.
And we know the government can’t solve every problem.
And we moved the capital of Israel to Jerusalem. That's for the Evangelicals. You know, it's amazing with that: the Evangelicals are more excited by that than Jewish people.
And we said to him: We cannot go: if our youngest brother go down with us, we will set out together: otherwise, without him we dare not see the man's face.
And we're here again this year!
And what Russian does not like to drive fast?
And what Tom does is, being a jeweler, a craftsman and a man of the arts, he possesses a skill that's very unique.
And what about a coffee?
And what about feminism? What is your opinion on this?
And what about the grandfather, aren't you going to bury him?
And what about you?
And what am I going to tell them?
And what are we doing now?
And what are we going to do?
And what are you going to do if it goes wrong?
And what are you going to do now?
And what can that do?
And what contribution to the protection of Algeria's environment could be more fitting these days than the planting of trees?
And what did he learn from it?
And what did she answer?
And what did she draw in the sand?
And what did they tell me?
And what did you answer?
And what did you do then?
And what did you do?
And what did you see?
And what do I gain from that?
And what do I get?
And what do I have to do now?
And what do you base your demand on?
And what do you care?
And what do you do?
And what do you get from that? Almost nothing!
And what do you get from the damn drinking?
And what do you have planned for the weekend?
And what do you have to show for it?
And what do you know about it?
And what do you know!
And what do you like about your job?
And what do you mean by this phrase?
And what do you say about that?
And what do you think now?
And what do you think?
And what do you want from me in return?
And what do you want?
And what does it affect?
And what does that have to do with Tom?
And what exactly were you doing?
And what guarantee is there that you won't cover up the evidence?
And what happened after that?
And what have you done for that?
And what have you got planned for the weekend?
And what if I say "no"?
And what if he doesn't call?
And what if he rejects me?
And what if she rejects me?
And what if someone sees us?
And what if someone sees you?
And what if they don't come?
And what if we don't land?
And what if we went to a Japanese restaurant tonight?
And what if you disappoint?
And what if you're wrong?
And what if your child was like that?
And what if your son was like that?
And what is Plan B?
And what is that for?
And what is the answer?
And what is the good news?
And what is the problem?
And what is the result of your investigations?
And what love can do, that dares love attempt.
And what makes you such an expert?
And what prevented you from calling the police immediately?
And what should they know of England who only England know?
And what should we do?
And what was her answer?
And what was the reason?
And what was this sound?
And what was your answer?
And what was your reply?
And what we are supposed to do now?
And what we really want is to have many sentences in many â€” and any â€” languages.
And what we really want is to have many sentences in many — and any — languages.
And what will Robert get in return?
And what will be the result of that?
And what will we do if he doesn't come after all?
And what would be the downside?
And what would you do if your child was like that?
And what wouldn't I give for these years to come back.
And what wouldn't I give to have those years back!
And what's new with you?
And what's that in aid of?
And what's your excuse?
And what's your problem now?
And what's your problem?
And what, do I give off the impression that I am unable to take care of myself?
And what?
And whatever your labors and aspirations in the noisy confusion of life, keep peace in your soul.
And whatsoever was of greater difficulty they referred to him, and they judged the easier cases only.
And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto men.
And what’s left for us then?
And when Aaron spoke to all the assembly of the children of Israel, they looked towards the wilderness; and behold the glory of the Lord appeared in a cloud.
And when Abraham had heard this, he weighed out the money that Ephron had asked, in the hearing of the children of Heth, four hundred sicles of silver, of common current money.
And when Abraham prayed, God healed Abimelech and his wife, and his handmaids, and they bore children: For the Lord had closed up every womb of the house of Abimelech, on account of Sara, Abraham's wife.
And when Abram was come into Egypt, the Egyptians saw the woman that she was very beautiful.
And when Boaz had eaten, and drunk, and was merry, he went to sleep by the heap of sheaves, and she came softly, and uncovering his feet, laid herself down.
And when God had seen that the earth was corrupted (for all flesh had corrupted its way upon the earth), He said to Noah: The end of all flesh is come before me, the earth is filled with iniquity through them, and I will destroy them with the earth.
And when Hemor the father of Sichem was come out to speak to Jacob, behold his sons came from the field: and hearing what had passed, they were exceeding angry, because he had done a foul thing in Israel, and committed an unlawful act, in ravishing Jacob's daughter.
And when I felt your hand upon my arm and spake to you, why did you give no answer?
And when I read some of the said book, I thought about it and decided to translate it into English, and forthwith took a quill and ink and wrote a page or two, which I then examined to make corrections. And when I saw the sophisticated and unusual terms there, I feared it would displease some gentlemen who had lately blamed me, saying that my translations featured too many obscure terms that could not be understood by the common folk, and wanted me to use old and conventional terms in my translations. And I would be happy to satisfy every man, and with that in mind I took an old book and read from it; and certainly its English was so plain and varied that I struggled to understand it. And also my lord abbot of Westminster had recently shown me some texts written in old English, in order to translate them into our current English, and certainly they were written in such a way that they were more akin to German than English, and I could not translate them or make them understandable.
And when I shall cover the sky with clouds, my bow shall appear in the clouds: And I will remember my covenant with you, and with every living soul that beareth flesh: and there shall no more be waters of a flood to destroy all flesh.
And when I woke up, I was sad.
And when I've gone, don't tell him I'm dead.
And when Isaac had sent him away, he took his journey and went to Mesopotamia of Syria, to Laban, the son of Bathuel, the Syrian, brother to Rebecca, his mother.
And when I’ve gone, don’t tell him I’m dead.
And when Jacob awaked out of sleep, he said: Indeed the Lord is in this place, and I knew it not.
And when Jacob returned at even from the field, Lia went out to meet him, and said: Thou shalt come in unto me because I have hired thee for my son's mandrakes. And he slept with her that night.
And when Jacob saw her, and knew her to be his cousin german, and that they were the sheep of Laban, his uncle: he removed the stone wherewith the well was closed.
And when Jethro the priest of Madian, the kinsman of Moses, had heard all the things that God had done to Moses, and to Israel his people, and that the Lord had brought forth Israel out of Egypt:
And when Joseph had taken them from his father's lap, he bowed down with his face to the ground.
And when Joseph saw this, he fell upon his father's face, weeping and kissing him.
And when Joseph was born, Jacob said to his father-in-law: Send me away, that I may return into my country, and to my land.
And when Joseph was come in to him, he said: God almighty appeared to me at Luza, which is in the land of Canaan, and he blessed me, and said: I will cause thee to increase and multiply, and I will make of thee a multitude of people: and I will give this land to thee, and to thy seed after thee for an everlasting possession.
And when Joseph was come into them in the morning, and saw them sad, he asked them, saying: Why is your countenance sadder today than usual?
And when Marilyn was on her deathbed; she cried “where are my lovers?!”.
And when Moses had brought them forth to meet God, from the place of the camp, they stood at the bottom of the mount.
And when Moses had related the people's words to the Lord, the Lord said to him: Lo, now will I come to thee in the darkness of a cloud, that the people may hear me speaking to thee, and may believe thee for ever.
And when Moses had stretched forth his hand over the sea, the Lord took it away by a strong and burning wind blowing all the night, and turned it into dry ground: and the water was divided.
And when Moses had stretched forth his hand towards the sea, it returned at the first break of day to the former place: and as the Egyptians were fleeing away, the waters came upon them, and the Lord shut them up in the middle of the waves.
And when Moses heard this, he did all things that he had suggested unto him. And choosing able men out of all Israel, he appointed them rulers of the people, rulers over thousands, and over hundreds, and over fifties, and over tens. And they judged the people at all times.
And when Moses lifted up his hands, Israel overcame; but if he let them down a little, Amalec overcame.
And when Moses was gone from Pharaoh out of the city, he stretched forth his hands to the Lord: and the thunders and the hail ceased, neither did there drop any more rain upon the earth.
And when Pharaoh drew near, the children of Israel lifting up their eyes, saw the Egyptians behind them: and they feared exceedingly, and cried to the Lord. And they said to Moses: Perhaps there were no graves in Egypt, therefore thou hast brought us to die in the wilderness: why wouldst thou do this, to lead us out of Egypt?
And when Pharaoh had sent out the people, the Lord led them not by the way of the land of the Philistines, which is near; thinking lest perhaps they would repent, if they should see wars arise against them, and would return into Egypt.But he led them about by the way of the desert, which is by the Red Sea: and the children of Israel went up armed out of the land of Egypt.
And when Rebecca had heard this, and he was gone into the field to fulfil his father's commandment,
And when Sara had seen the son of Agar, the Egyptian, playing with Isaac, her son, she said to Abraham: Cast out this bondwoman and her son; for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with my son Isaac.
And when Sichem the son of Hemor the Hevite, the prince of that land, saw her, he was in love with her: and took her away, and lay with her, ravishing the virgin.
And when a famine came in the land, after that barrenness which had happened in the days of Abraham, Isaac went to Abimelech, king of the Palestines, to Gerara.
And when any controversy falleth out among them, they come to me to judge between them, and to shew the precepts of God, and his laws.
And when are they coming back?
And when are you going?
And when else could we have done it?
And when he agreed to her request, she took Agar the Egyptian her handmaid, ten years after they first dwelt in the land of Canaan, and gave her to her husband to wife.
And when he answered: I am ready:
And when he came to the den, he cried with a lamentable voice unto Daniel: and the king spake and said to Daniel, O Daniel, servant of the living God, is thy God, whom thou servest continually, able to deliver thee from the lions?
And when he discovered that I played on the violin, nothing would pacify him until I had brought it down and given him a tune.
And when he dwelt in that country, Ruben went, and slept with Bala the concubine of his father: which he was not ignorant of.
And when he had drunk, she said: I will draw water for thy camels also, till they all drink.
And when he had ended the commandments, wherewith he instructed his sons, he drew up his feet upon the bed, and died: and he was gathered to his people.
And when he had heard the causes of his journey, he answered: Thou art my bone and my flesh.
And when he had left off speaking with him, God went up from Abraham.
And when he had lifted up his eyes, there appeared to him three men standing near to him: and as soon as he saw them, he ran to meet them from the door of his tent, and adored down to the ground.
And when he had looked about this way and that way, and saw no one there, he slew the Egyptian and hid him in the sand.
And when he had made the camels lie down without the town, near a well of water, in the evening, at the time when women are wont to come out to draw water, he said: O Lord, the God of my master, Abraham, meet me today, I beseech thee, and shew kindness to my master, Abraham.
And when he had searched all the tent, and founding nothing, she said: Let not my lord be angry that I cannot rise up before thee, because it has now happened to me according to the custom of women. So his careful search was in vain.
And when he had seen them, and Benjamin with them, he commanded the steward of his house, saying: Bring in the men into the house, and kill victims, and prepare a feast: because they shall eat with me at noon.
And when he had slept there that night, he set apart, of the things which he had, presents for his brother Esau: two hundred she-goats, twenty he-goats, two hundred ewes, and twenty rams, thirty milch camels with their colts, forty kine, and twenty bulls, twenty she-asses, and ten of their foals.
And when he had spent everything, a severe famine arose in that country, and he began to be in need.
And when he had told this to his father, and brethren, his father rebuked him and said: What meaneth this dream that thou hast dreamed? shall I and thy mother, and thy brethren worship thee upon the earth?
And when he had washed his face, coming out again, he refrained himself, and said: Set bread on the table.
And when he saw that he could not overcome him, he touched the sinew of his thigh, and forthwith it shrank.
And when he saw that the day of his death drew nigh, he called his son Joseph, and said to him: If I have found favour in thy sight, put thy hand under my thigh; and thou shalt shew me this kindness and truth, not to bury me in Egypt. But I will sleep with my fathers, and thou shalt take me away out of this land, and bury me in the burying place of my ancestors.
And when he saw them, he said: These are the camps of God, and called the name of that place Mahanaim, that is, Camps.
And when he shall call you, and shall say: What is your occupation? You shall answer: We, thy servants, are shepherds, from our infancy until now, both we and our fathers. And this you shall say, that you may dwell in the land of Goshen, because the Egyptians have all shepherds in abomination.
And when he shall go to sleep, mark the place wherein he sleepeth: and thou shalt go in, and lift up the clothes wherewith he is covered towards his feet, and shalt lay thyself down there: and he will tell thee what thou must do.
And when he was asked by the men of that place, concerning his wife, he answered: She is my sister: for he was afraid to confess that she was his wife, thinking lest perhaps they would kill him because of her beauty.
And when he was come into the tent, Moses told his kinsman all that the Lord had done to Pharaoh, and the Egyptians in favour of Israel: and all the labour which had befallen them in the journey, and that the Lord had delivered them.
And when he was come thither, Joseph made ready his chariot, and went up to meet his father in the same place: and seeing him, he fell upon his neck, and embracing him, wept.
And when he was come to a certain place, and would rest in it after sunset, he took of the stones that lay there, and putting under his head, slept in the same place.
And when he was gone up thither, he said unto him: Go down, and charge the people; lest they should have a mind to pass the limits to see the Lord, and a very great multitude of them should perish.
And when he was gone, together with all that belonged to him, and having passed the river, was going on towards mount Galaad, it was told Laban on the third day, that Jacob fled.
And when he was grown up, she delivered him to Pharaoh's daughter. And she adopted him for a son, and called him Moses, saying: Because I took him out of the water.
And when he was in his journey, in the inn, the Lord met him, and would have killed him.
And when he was near to enter into Egypt, he said to Sarai his wife: I know that thou art a beautiful woman, and that when the Egyptians shall see thee, they will say: She is his wife, and they will kill me and keep thee.
And when he wept with a loud cry, Isaac being moved, said to him: In the fat of the earth, and in the dew of heaven from above, shall thy blessing be.
And when her soul was departing for pain, and death was now at hand, she called the name of her son Benoni, that is, the son of my pain: but his father called him Benjamin, that is, the son of the right hand.
And when her time was come to be delivered, behold twins were found in her womb.
And when his brethren abode in Sechem, feeding their father's flocks, Israel said to him: Thy brethren feed the sheep in Sichem: come, I will send thee to them.
And when his brethren had bowed down to him, and he knew them, he spoke as it were to strangers, somewhat roughly, asking them: Whence came you? They answered: From the land of Canaan, to buy necessaries of life.
And when his kinsman had seen all things that he did among the people, he said: What is it that thou dost among the people? Why sittest thou alone, and all the people wait from morning till night?
And when innocents in Bosnia and Darfur are slaughtered, that is a stain on our collective conscience.
And when it had covered the face of the earth, it appeared in the wilderness small, and as it were beaten with a pestle, like unto the hoar frost on the ground.
And when it was morning, the angels pressed him, saying: Arise, take thy wife, and the two daughters that thou hast: lest thou also perish in the wickedness of the city.
And when it was set on, for Joseph apart, and for his brethren apart, for the Egyptians also that ate with him apart, (for it is unlawful for the Egyptians to eat with the Hebrews, and they think such a feast profane):
And when money failed in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came unto Joseph, and said, Give us bread: for why should we die in thy presence? for the money faileth.
And when morning was come, being struck with fear, he sent to all the interpreters of Egypt, and to all the wise men: and they being called for, he told them his dream, and there was not any one that could interpret it.
And when she could hide him no longer, she took a basket made of bulrushes, and daubed it with slime and pitch: and put the little babe therein, and laid him in the sedges by the river's brink, his sister standing afar off, and taking notice what would be done.
And when she said again: I will suffer what thou wilt, if thou give me a pledge, till thou send what thou promisest.
And when she said these words, out of her mouth flew three roses, three pearls, and three large diamonds.
And when she saw the basket in the sedges she sent one of her maids for it: and when it was brought, she opened it, and seeing within it an infant crying, having compassion on it, she said: This is one of the babes of the Hebrews.
And when she was ready to be brought to bed, there appeared twins in her womb: and in the very delivery of the infants, one put forth a hand, whereon the midwife tied a scarlet thread, saying: This shall come forth the first.
And when the Egyptians followed the steps of them who were gone before, they found them encamped at the sea side: all Pharaoh's horse and chariots and the whole army were in Phihahiroth, before Beelsephon.
And when the Lord saw that he went forward to see, he called to him out of the midst of the bush. and said: Moses, Moses. And he answered: Here I am.
And when the Lord shall have brought thee into the land of the Canaanite, and the Hethite, and the Amorrhite, and the Hevite, and the Jebusite, which he swore to thy fathers that he would give thee, a land that floweth with milk and honey, thou shalt celebrate this manner of sacred rites in this month.
And when the Lord shall have brought thee into the land of the Canaanite, as he swore to thee and thy fathers, and shall give it thee: Thou shalt set apart all that openeth the womb for the Lord, and all that is first brought forth of thy cattle: whatsoever thou shalt have of the male sex, thou shalt consecrate to the Lord.
And when the Madianite merchants passed by, they drew him out of the pit, and sold him to the Ismaelites, for twenty pieces of silver: and they led him into Egypt.
And when the children of Israel saw it, they said one to another: Manhu! which signifieth: What is this! for they knew not what it was. And Moses said to them: This is the bread which the Lord hath given you to eat.
And when the chrysanthemums opened their great eyes, and turned their faces upwards to meet the light, they felt quite put about to see those flowers still in bloom. They would have been angry, but it is not in the nature of our garden, or indeed of our wild flora and hedgerow pets, to be so. For flowers are ever meek, albeit they are lovely, and methinks that meekness and beauty, hand in hand, are inexpressibly charming.
And when the feast was sped, / their missing friends in converse they require, / doubtful to deem them, betwixt hope and dread, / alive or out of hearing with the dead.
And when the first Muslim-American was recently elected to Congress, he took the oath to defend our Constitution using the same Holy Koran that one of our Founding Fathers â€“ Thomas Jefferson â€“ kept in his personal library.
And when the first Muslim-American was recently elected to Congress, he took the oath to defend our Constitution using the same Holy Koran that one of our Founding Fathers – Thomas Jefferson – kept in his personal library.
And when the hourglass has run out, the hourglass of temporality, when the noise of secular life has grown silent and its restless or ineffectual activism has come to an end, when everything around you is still, as it is in eternity, then eternity asks you and every individual in these millions and millions about only one thing: whether you have lived in despair or not.
And when the inhabitants of Canaan saw this, they said: This is a great mourning to the Egyptians. And therefore the name of that place was called, The mourning of Egypt.
And when the men rose up from thence, they turned their eyes towards Sodom: and Abraham walked with them, bringing them on the way.
And when the morning arose, they were sent away with their asses.
And when the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell upon Abram; and, lo, an horror of great darkness fell upon him.
And when the sun was set, there arose a dark mist, and there appeared a smoking furnace, and a lamp of fire passing between those divisions.
And when the water in the bottle was spent, she cast the boy under one of the trees that were there. And she went her way, and sat over against him a great way off, as far as a bow can carry, for she said: I will not see the boy die: and sitting over against, she lifted up her voice and wept.
And when the woman saw the garment in her hands, and herself disregarded, she called to her the men of her house, and said to them: See, he hath brought in a Hebrew, to abuse us: he came in to me, to lie with me; and when I cried out, and he heard my voice, he left the garment that I held, and got him out.
And when there also they began to be famished, the people cried to Pharaoh, for food. And he said to them: Go to Joseph, and do all that he shall say to you.
And when they all made answer: There was no harlot in this place, he returned to Juda, and said to him: I have not found her; moreover, the men of that place said to me, that there never sat a harlot there.
And when they are not talking on the phone, they are constantly surfing the internet.
And when they had boldly perpetrated these things, Jacob said to Simeon and Levi: You have troubled me, and made me hateful to the Chanaanites and Pherezites, the inhabitants of this land. We are few: they will gather themselves together and kill me; and both I, and my house shall be destroyed.
And when they had brought them, he gave them food in exchange for their horses, and sheep, and oxen, and asses: and he maintained them that year for the exchange of their cattle.
And when they had eaten, they said to him: Where is Sara thy wife? He answered: Lo she is in the tent.
And when they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in paradise at the afternoon air, Adam and his wife hid themselves from the face of the Lord God, amidst the trees of paradise.
And when they removed from the east, they found a plain in the land of Sennaar, and dwelt in it.
And when they returned to Raguel their father, he said to them: Why are ye come sooner than usual?
And when they saw him afar off, before he came nigh them, they thought to kill him.
And when they were brought to him, he kissed and embraced them, and said to his son: I am not deprived of seeing thee; moreover God hath shewn me thy seed.
And when they were departed, the terror of God fell upon all the cities round about, and they durst not pursue after them as they went away.
And when they were gone out, the other sons of Jacob came upon the slain; and plundered the city in revenge of the rape.
And when they were grown up, Esau became a skilful hunter, and a husbandman: but Jacob, a plain man, dwelt in tents.
And when they were now departed out of the city, and had gone forward a little way: Joseph sending for the steward of his house, said: Arise, and pursue after the men: and when thou hast overtaken them, say to them: Why have you returned evil for good? The cup which you have stolen, is that in which my lord drinketh, and in which he is wont to divine: you have done a very evil thing.
And when this happens, and when we allow freedom ring, when we let it ring from every village and every hamlet, from every state and every city, we will be able to speed up that day when all of God's children, black men and white men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics, will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old Negro spiritual: Free at last! Free at last!
And when thy son shall ask thee to morrow, saying: What is this? thou shalt answer him: With a strong hand did the Lord bring us forth out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage. For when Pharaoh was hardened, and would not let us go, the Lord slew every firstborn in the land of Egypt, from the firstborn of man to the firstborn of beasts: therefore I sacrifice to the Lord all that openeth the womb of the male sex, and all the firstborn of my sons I redeem.
And when very many days were passed, and he abode there, Abimelech, king of the Palestines, looking out through a window, saw him playing with Rebecca, his wife.
And when we consider the fact that some species of the elasmosaurs had a neck not less than twenty feet in length, such a flexible use of it would not seem improbable.
And when were you planning to tell me?
And when would the EU have reacted?
And when you do that, then what?
And when you do that, what then?
And when you have entered into the land which the Lord will give you, as he hath promised, you shall observe these ceremonies.
And when you talk to me, take off your hat.
And when your children shall say to you: What is the meaning of this service? You shall say to them: It is the victim of the passage of the Lord, when he passed over the houses of the children of Israel in Egypt, striking the Egyptians, and saving our houses. And the people bowing themselves, adored.
And where are the aliens, the flying saucers, and the laser guns?
And where did she hear that?
And where do you think he will go?
And where do you want to sit?
And where in the world do you think you're going? Are you trying to sneak out?
And where is that band who so vauntingly swore that the havoc of war and the battle’s confusion a home and a country should leave us no more! Their blood has vanished out their foul footsteps’ pollution.
And where is that?
And where is the money coming from?
And where is your traveling companion?
And where were you?
And where's my camera?
And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.
And while I'm at it, I have another question.
And while I’m at it, I have another question.
And while future bride Ahmadieh never had grandiose expectations for her own wedding, one of her biggest stressors is what her guests will think of her big day.
And while he was praying, a vision presented itself to him three days before he was taken; and, behold, the pillow under his head seemed to him on fire.
And while many are feeling the impact of that slowdown, the region's growing middle class is helping to act as a buffer.
And while she's no longer with us, I know my grandmother's watching, along with the family that made me who I am.
And while she's no longer with us, I know my grandmother's watching, along with the family that made me who I am. I miss them tonight. I know that my debt to them is beyond measure. To my sister Maya, my sister Alma, all my other brothers and sisters, thank you so much for all the support that you've given me. I'm grateful to them.
And while she’s no longer with us, I know my grandmother’s watching, along with the family that made me who I am.
And while she’s no longer with us, I know my grandmother’s watching, along with the family that made me who I am. I miss them tonight. I know that my debt to them is beyond measure. To my sister Maya, my sister Alma, all my other brothers and sisters, thank you so much for all the support that you’ve given me. I’m grateful to them.
And while some fads are harmless and fun to adopt, others can be costly and even dangerous when they come as the next hot novelty in management, education, science or medicine.
And while they were fulfilling his commands, there passed forty days: for this was the manner with bodies that were embalmed, and Egypt mourned for him seventy days.
And whilst I pondered these things secretly with myself, Rebecca appeared, coming with a pitcher, which she carried on her shoulder: and she went down to the well and drew water. And I said to her: Give me a little to drink.
And who are you to tell Daniel what to do?
And who are you working for these days?
And who are you?
And who asked for your opinion?
And who claimed it would be easy?
And who did he leave the house to?
And who did you learn that from?
And who else did he tell?
And who else has he told?
And who else is coming?
And who else?
And who is the bride?
And who is this guest standing next to the piano?
And who might she be?
And who might you be?
And who said it would be easy?
And who said that I want that?
And who told you my life was like that?
And who was it that you were talking with?
And who was the other?
And who will take care of the cat?
And who would not act the same way?
And who would not have done the same?
And who would not react the same way?
And who would you be?
And who'll foot the bill?
And who'll pay the bill?
And who'll settle the bill?
And who's going to pay? Me again?
And who's going to stop us?
And who's gonna stop us?
And who's this young man?
And who's this young whippersnapper!
And whoever thinks otherwise gets a chance to think about it for twelve years in the open air of the Siberian woods.
And whose fault is that?
And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear your words, when ye depart out of that house or city, shake off the dust of your feet.
And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.
And why are you crying now?
And why are you interested in learning Albanian?
And why are you telling me that?
And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye? Or how wilt thou say to thy brother, Let me pull out the mote out of thine eye; and, behold, a beam is in thine own eye? Thou hypocrite, first cast out the beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt thou see clearly to cast out the mote out of thy brother's eye.
And why didn't Tom come?
And why didn't you let me know?
And why didn't you think of saying that before?
And why do you ask?
And why do you think that is?
And why don't you tell him?
And why hasn't Tom come?
And why is that an interesting subject?
And why is that topic of interest?
And why is that?
And why isn't this an interesting topic?
And why not?
And why should I believe in the existence of this study?
And why should I believe you?
And why should I do that?
And why should I help you?
And why should I listen to somebody who spews out nothing but nonsense?
And why shouldn't we admit that pleasure of every kind is an important goal in life?
And why would I do something like that?
And why would I do that?
And why would you think I'm not lying right now?
And why, pray tell, did you think I would agree to that?
And will not come into the light for fear that his deeds will be exposed.
And will you be ready for July?
And with all their charms they are not of a kind to maintain their influence over us for any length of time, when we know that they are nonentities.
And with just a little bit of grammar, you gain access to the rest of your language.
And with me, we are yet one more.
And with that we finish the activities for today.
And with the blast of thy anger the waters were gathered together: the flowing water stood, the depths were gathered together in the midst of the sea.
And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.
And yet Gretchen is worse, for she mortifies me, and laughs at my mistakes, and makes them seem so droll to everybody else.
And yet he could pass the exam.
And yet he passed the exam.
And yet it moves!
And yet it was a lovely flower, No colours bright and fair; It might have graced a rosy bower, Instead of hiding there.
And yet it was granted to Antenor, himself also a man of Troy, that he should escape from the Greeks, and coming to the Liburnian land, where Timavus flows with much noise into the sea, build a city and find rest for himself.
And yet the large blocks of stone are fitted together so closely that you cannot put in the point of a knife between them.
And yet this is sheer hard work.
And yet, in the "real adult world" there are a lot of competitions.
And yet, the contrary is always true as well.
And you ain’t seen nothin’ yet.
And you are an unskilled worker.
And you are going to raise it in three days?
And you are...?
And you believe him? Don't be stupid, girl!
And you call this a meeting room?
And you can make a tasty spread from the leftovers.
And you can quote me on that.
And you didn't even say that we've arrived!
And you didn’t even say that we’ve arrived!
And you don't know how to really think in English.
And you encourage him?
And you guys? What do you say?
And you have earned the new puppy that's coming with us … to the White House.
And you have earned the new puppy that’s coming with us â€¦ to the White House.
And you know what ? We're done !
And you know what? We're done!
And you know why? Because of cats.
And you made me cry.
And you say I don't have a nose for what's popular.
And you say I don’t have a nose for what’s popular.
And you say the house is clean? Look at the floor!
And you shall be to me a priestly kingdom, and a holy nation. These are the words thou shalt speak to the children of Israel.
And you shall lay upon them the task of bricks, which they did before; neither shall you diminish any thing thereof, for they are idle, and therefore they cry. saying: Let us go and sacrifice to our God.
And you shall observe the feast of the unleavened bread: for in this same day I will bring forth your army out of the land of Egypt, and you shall keep this day in your generations by a perpetual observance.
And you think I'm going to pay for it? Catch me!
And you think he'll leave her for you?
And you were the only one who saw that.
And you will not only go to the Circus, but you will do it willingly, or at least with smiling lips.
And you won't curse?
And you wonder why we can't stand being around you anymore?
And you're a teacher, right?
And you're just sitting around here, - listening to whatever he tells you.
And you're probably Tom.
And you're the one who claims that I am old fashioned...
And you, Doctor Watson and Mr. Holmes, interest me.
And you, do you believe me?
And you, do you know?
And you, gentlemen, please, follow me.
And you, how are you doing?
And you, how are you?
And you, how's everything with you?
And you, how's it going?
And you, how’s it going?
And you, what is your idea?
And you, what the devil do you want here?
And you, what would you like?
And you?
And you? What are you doing?
And young people who described themselves as conservative had an amygdala (the brain structure associated with emotional processing) that was larger.
And your bike?
And your co-workers, are they friendly?
And your mom also.
And your parents? When are they arriving?
And your parents? When do they arrive?
And your sister!
And your sister?
And your transfer function, is it stable?
And, I'm your coach.
And, I’m your coach.
And, Pierrot, next time we pass a fine periwinkle thou hadst best jump down and pluck a fresh bunch for my Barbo’s ears.
And, above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it's been done in America for 221 years — block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.
And, above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it's been done in the United States for 221 years — block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.
And, above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it’s been done in America for 221 years â€” block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.
And, as you know, appearances are often deceptive.
And, at the same instant, Lucy entered at another door, having changed her dress since her return.
And, drawing her to him, he kissed her.
And, he found some like-minded friends in the Washington area who helped him realize those dreams with the release of a record album.
And, like many small towns in England, it has a rather long history.
And, many times, I've cried.
And, many times, I’ve cried.
And, most important of all, the stone does not tell us what kind of happiness we should find in that house.
And, perhaps, when we become whole, it'll hold.
And, saying these words, this wicked Wolf fell upon Little Red Riding-hood, and ate her all up.
And, speaking of the science of Life, have you got the cucumber sandwiches cut for Lady Bracknell?
And, they've already torn up the garden.
And, they’ve already torn up the garden.
And, though many people seemingly still have not noticed this, Esperanto is not a project anymore; it is a language.
And, to make the matter worse, he has taken to drinking.
And, to top it all off, he can read Hebrew.
And, we get each other's company to boot.
And, we get each other’s company to boot.
And, well, since my goal was to hit 800 followers, they helped me to reach that number.
And, while they found the pathogen Serratia marcescens in these other animals, the genetic analysis showed that only the strain from human sewage matched the strain found in white pox diseased corals on the reef.
And, with their passion, swagger and cunning, the Corleone family depicted in the novel and on the movie screen helped shape popular images of the Sicilian-American crime syndicate.
And, without waiting for an answer, she left the apartment, preceded by her friend Adele.
And?
And? Have you decided yet?
Andalusian gazpacho is a cold dish for the summertime.
Andaz Uzzal is a Kabyle metal band.
Anders disassociated himself from an increasingly corrupt board of directors.
Anders had the fewest toys out of anyone in his class, which motivated him to make friends quickly.
Andersen is a scoundrel! Why can’t he let his fairy tales have a good outcome? Why do they always have to end so sadly?
Andersen was afraid of dogs, too.
Anderson is very scared of dogs.
Anderson is very scared of the dogs.
Anderson rejected the demand.
Andi writes a letter to her mother every week.
Andorra has no airport.
Andorra is a principality situated between Spain and France.
Andorra is a small nation, largely unfamiliar to many around the world.
Andorra is a small principality situated between Spain and France.
Andorra is a tax haven.
Andorra is one of Europe's smallest countries.
Andorra la Vella is the capital of Andorra.
Andre Agassi is a former tennis player.
Andre Geim and Kostya Novoselow discovered graphene in 2004.
Andre is saving his money up to start a business.
Andre thought Nat would always be on the down low and never come out.
Andrea's boyfriend called my mother yesterday.
Andreas feels hatred towards Angela.
Andreas is my name.
Andrei Davidov took up farming 10 years ago after a career in the military and a stint as a publisher. He took the proceeds from the sale of his publishing firm and began to buy land here in Kaluga from shareholders of an old collective farm. He now has over 600-hectares of rolling pastureland and some 150-head of cattle. He uses the Internet to order supplies, like his electric fencing, which he gets from the United States. Several small cottages surrounded by garden plots and apple trees are where Andrei, his wife Marina and some of their farm workers live.
Andrej ChadanoviÄ is a major figure in the Belarusian poetry.
Andrej Chadanovič is a major figure in Belarusian poetry.
Andrew Jackson was elected president in 1828.
Andrew Johnson had to flee his home to save his life.
Andrew Neyman is a promising young drummer who enrolls at a cutthroat music conservatory where his dreams of greatness are mentored by Terence Fletcher, a perfectionist music conductor who will stop at nothing to realize a student's potential talent.
Andrew Tate brags about being a sex trafficker.
Andrew Tate has a large following because there are a lot of awful people in the world who enjoy seeing other people get away with being awful. Thankfully, he's not getting away with it anymore.
Andrew Tate is a bad person who has always been open about being a monster.
Andrew Tate is rich from you, the losers.
Andrew Tate is the manosphere personality who was caught.
Andrew Tate was arrested not because you didn't pay for Hustler's university for the month, but because he has connections to criminals.
Andrew achieved his athletic dreams at the Olympic Games in Los Angeles.
Andrew became active in politics.
Andrew has a blue-green T-shirt and green pants.
Andrew is fixing some shelves in the bedroom.
Andrew is mixing blue flowers with the meat on the grill.
Andrew is walking through the cherry trees.
Andrew lives happily in a large purple castle in the jungle.
Andrew meets Linda at school.
Andrew played basketball after school.
Andrew was a Dutch-descent blond friend in grade school in North America.
Andrew was a friendly, gleeful Korean coworker at my software workplace on top of Burnaby Mountain.
Andrew was quite right to be miffed that Anna hadn't waited for him – he had always waited for her in the past.
Andrew's time at St. Alban's School for Boys had left him with many finely-honed abilities.
Andrew, you turned 28 this year, right?
Andrew, you're 28 this year, aren't you?
Andrews argued that millennials are imitating Boomers.
Andris Bērziņš will become the new president of Latvia.
Androgynous-looking people are often the subject of discussion and discrimination.
Android is an operating system designed for mobile phones.
Androids like Leon are equipped with that.
André Danican Philidor used to play three games at the same time, two blindly and one looking at the board. Diderot and D'Alembert cited it in the Encyclopedia as "one of the most phenomenal manifestations of the human mind".
Andrés hates Ángela.
Andy Ngo is a threat to our community and provides kill lists to the violent Neo-Nazi terrorist group Atomwaffen.
Andy Warhol was a very famous American artist.
Andy can be the farmer!
Andy forgot to reapply his suncream.
Andy hung his shirt up in the closet.
Andy is master of French and German.
Andy is never late for a date.
Andy must have practiced very hard.
Anemometer is a weather instrument that measures the wind speed.
Anemones are very pretty, strange, and interesting animals.
Aneurisms are weak areas in the walls of blood vessels.
Aneurysms are dangerous unless they're treated right away.
Aneurysms are rare in teenagers.
Anfisa is a Russian citizen.
Angel food cake is delicious.
Angel food cake is light, fluffy, and just sweet enough.
Angel food cake tastes the best when paired with fresh strawberries and whipped cream.
Angela Merkel always showed an Illuminati triangle symbol with her hands as other politicians as well.
Angela Merkel grew up in the former German Democratic Republic.
Angela Merkel has a PhD in Physics.
Angela Merkel is a German politician.
Angela Merkel is in favor of austerity.
Angela Merkel is not sure whether Putin is ‘in touch with reality’.
Angela Merkel is the first female German chancellor.
Angela Merkel tested negative for the virus.
Angela Merkel was born in East Germany.
Angela Merkel was named TIME's Person of the Year for 2015.
Angela didn't sleep a wink that night.
Angela has to go get the money.
Angela is not an angel.
Angela was in the hospital to have a cyst drained.
Angelica Pickles is very selfish.
Angelica has a piano in her apartment, which she often plays.
Angelina Jolie had a double mastectomy.
Angelina Jolie has filed for divorce from Brad Pitt, bringing an end to one of the world’s most famous couples.
Angelina Jolie is my favorite actress.
Angels are God's messengers.
Angels are good.
Angels are now singing.
Angels are pure spirits.
Angels are stronger than demons.
Angels can fly because they can take themselves lightly.
Angels can fly because they take themselves lightly.
Angels come to visit us, and we only know them when they are gone.
Angels do exist, in my opinion.
Angels exist, and I believe in them.
Angels fly because they take themselves lightly.
Angels guard and guide us.
Angels have harps, devils have bodhrÃ¡ns.
Angels have harps, devils have bodhráns.
Angels have pairs of wings, and demons have tails.
Angels have two wings, the Cursed One has a tail.
Angels have two wings; the Devil has a tail.
Angels have wings.
Angels played the harp.
Angels watch from above as men fight amongst themselves.
Anger and despair are taking over in Algeria.
Anger blinds you.
Anger can have consequences.
Anger caused him to tremble.
Anger courses through my veins.
Anger deprived him of his reason.
Anger does not befit a philosopher.
Anger eats away at the self, contentment eats away at others.
Anger empties the soul of all its resources, so that at bottom the light appears.
Anger is a bad advisor.
Anger is a defense mechanism.
Anger is a double-edged sword.
Anger is a form of madness.
Anger is a good investment. You always get back more than you give out.
Anger is a poison you mix for your friend but drink yourself.
Anger is a type of madness.
Anger is a waste of energy.
Anger is an emotion.
Anger is an energy.
Anger is building up in me like it never has right now.
Anger is fueling a fire that threatens to consume me.
Anger is hard to control.
Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one.
Anger is poisonous.
Anger is punishing yourself for other people's mistakes.
Anger is the beginning of folly.
Anger is there for a reason, but being angry all the time isn't healthy.
Anger made him boil.
Anger makes boring people witty.
Anger me again, I might just peel your skin off.
Anger rose to his head.
Anger showed on his face.
Anger solves nothing.
Anger took hold of me.
Anger wells up inside me.
Anger without power is a ridiculous thing.
Anger without power is folly.
Angie, like so many other children on this journey, walked for hours. As she told her story, Angie's friend and traveling companion leaned on the bridge railing and smirked, turning her baseball hat sideways. Angie pointed to the bandages on the girl's ankle.
Angkor is an ancient city claimed back by nature.
Angles are expressed in degrees and minutes.
Anglesey is a third of Wales.
Anglicisms must be banned from your vocabulary.
Anglo-Saxon was to Norman as hen-pecked to uxorious.
Anglophones cannot pronounce the last vowel in "Volapük."
Angola became independent in 1975.
Angola got its independence from Portugal in 1975.
Angola is an African country.
Angola is one of the world's biggest oil exporters.
Angola used to be a Portuguese territory.
Angola was formerly a Portuguese territory.
Angola was once a Portuguese territory.
Angola's most famous operatic tenor hopes to inspire more Africans to take up the classical music form.
Angola's official language is Portuguese.
Angrily, he stomped on the puddle, splashing mud everywhere.
Angry Birds was created by a Finnish company.
Angry at Leif Ericson for stealing his thunder 500 years before, Christopher Columbus once wrote a rigorous mathematical proof that showed how Ericson had never actually been to North America. Unfortunately, the proof was too difficult for even the brightest mathematicians to understand.
Angry drivers were blowing their horns.
Angry tears came to John's eyes.
Angry tears clouded my vision.
Angst is the fear of our own incapacity for peace.
Ania and Piotr are twelve years old.
Ania and Piotr are twelve.
Ania has brown hair, but Magdalena has blonde hair.
Ania is a lovely girl.
Ania is a native of KrakÃ³w.
Ania is a native of Kraków.
Ania is interested in computers.
Ania lives in GdaÅ„sk.
Ania lives in Gdańsk.
Ania looks very cute to me.
Anika bakes ten lemon pies every week at the bakery.
Anika often makes cherry pies.
Anika used to climb trees and play in the mud when she was a child.
Anika, did you say the words loudly?
Animal Defenders International (ADI), an American-based non-profit group, said almost all of the animals were abused while in captivity—some are declawed and have broken teeth.
Animal Farm never suggests the animals were better off under Farmer John.
Animal bodies are made up of cells.
Animal cloning is possible, we have already done that.
Animal control left a bag of food for Sami's dog.
Animal control seized Sami's dog.
Animal cruelty is a sin.
Animal cruelty is evil.
Animal diversification is a process through which one species diverges into two or more species.
Animal experimentation is cruel.
Animal experimentation may involve removing organs for no medical reasons, exposing animals to high quantities of toxic or potentially toxic substances, and numerous other procedures that, if performed on humans, would be grounds for prosecution of the experimenter.
Animal kingdom provides numerous examples of diverse mating behaviors.
Animal rescue officers in Singapore successfully rescued a kitten that had crawled onto a the narrow ledge of a 12-story building.
Animal shelters find that fewer people want to adopt black cats, so many more black cats are euthanized than any other colour.
Animal testing should be banned.
Animals act according to their instincts.
Animals act by instinct.
Animals act in a better manner than wicked humans.
Animals act on instinct.
Animals always feel comfortable around him.
Animals and plants have the right to live, and men even more so.
Animals and plants live on this planet.
Animals are afraid of fire.
Animals are caught up in a struggle to survive, to obtain resources, to avoid being eaten and to reproduce.
Animals are closely related to fungi.
Animals are hard to film in the wild.
Animals are not lifeless objects.
Animals are not toys!
Animals are our friends.
Animals are pure, natural beings.
Animals are tortured in slaughterhouses. Most people don't care about it.
Animals are vicious.
Animals aren't allowed to enter.
Animals can feel pain just as we can.
Animals can get entangled in debris or mistake it for food.
Animals can learn and pass on what they learn.
Animals can sense diseases.
Animals can sense fear.
Animals can sense good and bad people right away.
Animals can't choose to be vegan.
Animals can't distinguish between true and false.
Animals can't distinguish right from wrong.
Animals can't exist without air and water.
Animals can't speak.
Animals can't tell what's real and what's fake.
Animals cannot distinguish between truth and falsehood.
Animals cannot distinguish right from wrong.
Animals cannot exist without air and water.
Animals communicate with each other and so do plants.
Animals deserve our respect.
Animals follow their instincts.
Animals have amazing intuition.
Animals have bodies largely composed of fluid.
Animals have instincts, we have taxes.
Animals have no reason.
Animals have sharp teeth.
Animals in captivity live long, sheltered lives, whereas in the wild they are in constant danger of being eaten alive.
Animals inhabit the forest.
Animals invaded the houses.
Animals leave footprints when they walk through snow.
Animals leave tracks when they walk in the snow.
Animals like Boldi very much.
Animals live in many places and in great numbers, too.
Animals lives are no less valuable than our lives are.
Animals mate.
Animals may be attracted to the salty sweat that accumulates on bicycles, mostly on the seats and handlebars.
Animals may die of starvation or poisoning when plastic is in their stomachs.
Animals run.
Animals seem to be sensitive to paranormal stuff than humans are.
Animals seem to move at random.
Animals sense fear.
Animals such as seals, sea lions, and walruses are examples of pinnipeds.
Animals suffer not only in slaughterhouses, but also during the transportation to them.
Animals that climb trees, like cats, have claws.
Animals that hibernate in the winter also suffer from warming temperatures. Marmots, chipmunks, and bears are waking up as much as a month early. Some are not hibernating at all.
Animals were harmed in the making of this film.
Animals were hiding from the sun.
Animals were injected with the various doses.
Animals were more sacred than people to the Native Americans.
Animals' lives are no less valuable than ours.
Animals, vegetables, and microbes, all are living things.
Animals, which do not do a single useless thing, don't speak ill of death.
Animated by the natural impetuosity and fire of his temper, young Bucklaw rushed on with the careless speed of a whirlwind.
Animated dots showing file download is in progress.
Anime and manga were made in Japan.
Anime director Satoshi Kon died of pancreatic cancer on August 24, 2010, shortly before his 47th birthday.
Animism is not just about the souls in animals, but of course, in humans too, as well as plants, fungi, rocks, the moon, mountains, sky, clouds, rivers, etc.
Animism is not just relevant on our Earth, but throughout this universe.
Animists, as Shintoists in Japan, do believe that there are both good spirits and bad spirits. The spirits are everywhere in nature.
Aniq turned slowly at the sound of the needy, narcissistic gurgle that sounded from behind him.
Anish Giri (2776) won yesterday (24.04.2021) to the American Fabiano Caruana (2820) in an extraordinary match for the Candidate's Tournament, which will appoint the next challenger of the current world champion, Magnus Carlsen. The Dutchman led the black pieces masterfully in a Sicilian Defense.
Anita and Bruno fell madly in love with each other.
Anita washes the tub.
Ankara consistently voted against Algeria's independence at the United Nations between 1954 and 1962.
Ankara has got twenty-five districts.
Ankara is in Turkey.
Ankara is the administrative capital of Turkey.
Ankara is the capital of Turkey.
Ankara wasn't built in a day.
Ankara wasn’t built in a day.
Ankle, ankle, where are you?
Ann Hodges of Sylacauga, Alabama was slightly injured when a 19.84 kilogram meteorite crashed through the roof of her home.
Ann Mary likes anchovies.
Ann always keeps her room clean.
Ann apologized to her teacher for coming to school late.
Ann bent her mind to the work.
Ann came downstairs.
Ann can't find a job.
Ann cannot be playing the piano.
Ann cannot manage to find a job.
Ann can’t find a job.
Ann does not lack for friends.
Ann doesn't have a sister.
Ann doesn't have any sisters.
Ann doesn't have much money on her.
Ann doesn’t have a sister.
Ann doesn’t have any sisters.
Ann finished painting the picture.
Ann gave an account of how she had escaped.
Ann gave me this present.
Ann had no friends to play with.
Ann has a kind heart.
Ann has a little money with her.
Ann has a weakness for chocolate.
Ann has achieved her desired goal.
Ann has just finished writing her report.
Ann has lots of friends.
Ann has many friends.
Ann has no sister.
Ann is a cheerleader.
Ann is a little girl.
Ann is a sucker for chocolate.
Ann is confuzzled.
Ann is diligently knitting.
Ann is doing an invitation.
Ann is exceedingly fond of chocolate.
Ann is exclusive in her choice of friends.
Ann is partial to chocolate.
Ann is said to be their leader.
Ann is second to none in tennis.
Ann is the cheerleading captain.
Ann likes chocolate very much.
Ann likes music very much.
Ann likes to write poems.
Ann loves chocolate more than anything.
Ann loves chocolate.
Ann must be dreaming a happy dream.
Ann must be having a happy dream.
Ann often plays tennis after school.
Ann plays tennis very well.
Ann plays the contrabassoon in our orchestra.
Ann prefers dominating men and being dominated by women.
Ann sang a lullaby for her little sister.
Ann seems ill.
Ann seems to be ill.
Ann seems to be sick.
Ann sings elegantly.
Ann swam across the river.
Ann was in a hurry this morning.
Ann was long coming.
Ann was surprised to hear the rumor.
Ann will not come to our party.
Ann won't be coming to our party.
Ann wrote something on the blackboard.
Ann's mother is fat.
Anna Akhmatova, Maxim Gorky, Arkady Gaidar, Mark Twain, O. Henry, George Sand, Stendhal, Molière, Voltaire – all used pseudonyms, not their actual surnames.
Anna Freud had a profound influence on Hollywood.
Anna Hazare is an influential social worker.
Anna Maria Luisa bequeathed the Medici's art collection to the Tuscan state.
Anna Maria Luisa de' Medici was the last of the Medici.
Anna Wilkinson is a researcher at the University of Lincoln. She explained that a tortoise's neck length is a sign of whether the tortoise is comfortable in its surroundings. The longer the neck, the more at ease the animal is.
Anna accepted Vladimir's proposal.
Anna accidentally ended the life of her infant.
Anna almost bought that Shawi dress.
Anna and Hesai are classmates.
Anna attracts a lot of men.
Anna breathed a sigh of relief as the gigantic moth disappeared into the night sky.
Anna brought me a hat from Spain which was made in China.
Anna came less and less often until, finally, she stopped coming.
Anna came less and less often. In the end, she stopped coming.
Anna can't accept her appearance. She lacks self-confidence.
Anna carefully approached the cockroach with the spray in hand.
Anna carefully opened the door, hoping that the June bug would sense the exit and fly out.
Anna carefully scooped up the stunned June bug and released it outside.
Anna carried herself like a queen.
Anna carried the jar outside and released the cockroach into the wild.
Anna cautiously moved furniture aside, hoping to catch a glimpse of the cockroach and eliminate it.
Anna cautiously searched for the grasshopper, peeking under furniture and behind curtains.
Anna cautiously tried to coax the grasshopper toward the open window.
Anna closed the window to prevent any other insects from making their way inside.
Anna contemplated using bug spray to kill the cockroach.
Anna cooks Algerian dishes.
Anna decided to leave the room for a while, hoping that the grasshopper would eventually find its way out.
Anna decided to use a jar and a piece of cardboard to trap the roach.
Anna decorated Vladimir's helmet.
Anna deserves all the credit.
Anna doesn't accept her appearance. She's lacking in self-confidence.
Anna felt her eyes well up.
Anna found a hidden treasure in her house.
Anna froze in fear as the enormous spider made its way towards the bathtub.
Anna gave this to me as a gift.
Anna gave this to me as a present.
Anna gave this to me.
Anna gently guided the grasshopper toward the window.
Anna gladly eats chocolate.
Anna got a lot of presents for Christmas.
Anna got closer to the spider, she noticed the intricate patterns on its body.
Anna got into a serious relationship with Paul after they graduated.
Anna got married without her parents' knowledge.
Anna got pregnant young.
Anna grabbed a piece of paper and attempted to gently guide the June bug towards the open window.
Anna grabbed a shoe to squish the spider.
Anna had to get Vladimir fall in love with her.
Anna has amazing nails.
Anna has been crying in the bathroom.
Anna has bought a car.
Anna has chestnut brown hair, but Magdalena has blonde hair.
Anna has delicate features.
Anna has forgotten what it means to be happy.
Anna has good parents, a loving husband, and a kind mother-in-law. She is worthy of envy.
Anna has never felt at home here.
Anna has never really felt at home here.
Anna helped me carry the piano up to the ninth floor.
Anna helped me to carry the piano up to the ninth floor.
Anna hugged Yuri and smirked at Skura.
Anna insists she was not born, but instead hatched from an egg.
Anna is Polish.
Anna is a biological woman that medically transitioned to appear like a man.
Anna is a forty-year-old female from Algiers.
Anna is a friend whose support I can count on.
Anna is a little girl.
Anna is a single mom who works two jobs.
Anna is a woman and she doesn't have a penis. She has a vagina.
Anna is amazing and caring.
Anna is an amazing seamstress.
Anna is an exceptionally strong and brave woman.
Anna is being operated on by the professor himself.
Anna is breast-feeding her baby in the room.
Anna is breast-feeding to have big boobs.
Anna is captain of the cheerleaders.
Anna is doing her PhD at Leibniz University Hanover.
Anna is doing her doctorate at Leibniz University Hanover.
Anna is excited.
Anna is from the south of Germany.
Anna is highly intelligent but, at the same time, naive and unfamiliar with the ways of the world.
Anna is hypersensitive.
Anna is in fact a biological male.
Anna is my sister-in-law.
Anna is on the pill.
Anna is poor, but you wouldn't have thought so to look at her.
Anna is the woman Igor dates.
Anna is thirty years old.
Anna is top of the class, but she's not a swot.
Anna is twelve years old.
Anna is very pretty.
Anna isn't coming to our party.
Anna isn't my girlfriend. She's my cousin.
Anna kept a watchful eye for any signs of the spider's return.
Anna kept her hand on her pepper spray.
Anna knew how the girls looked at Vladimir.
Anna knows Rima is jealous of her.
Anna knows all the gossip in the whole school.
Anna knows by heart the first thousand decimal places of π.
Anna knows the first thousand decimal places of Ï€ by heart.
Anna knows the first thousand decimal places of π by heart.
Anna knows the first thousand digits of pie by heart.
Anna let out a blood-curdling scream upon spotting a gigantic spider near the chandelier in the living room.
Anna let out a loud scream upon seeing the praying mantis fly into her office.
Anna let out a shriek as a massive bumblebee buzzed into her office.
Anna likes chocolate.
Anna likes nothing more than chocolate.
Anna lives in a small cabin. Toni, on the other hand, lives in a large house.
Anna looked like a recycled Barbie doll without her makeup.
Anna looks like my sister.
Anna loves chocolate.
Anna loves having big boobs.
Anna made a mental note to install a window screen to keep bugs out in the future.
Anna married without the knowledge of her parents.
Anna meticulously cleaned her room.
Anna misses the old telephones with a receiver, cradle and dial.
Anna misses the old telephones with a receiver, rest and dial.
Anna must poop soap.
Anna needs to get Rima out of her hair.
Anna noticed immediately that Stefan had a crack in his bowl.
Anna observed the dragonfly gracefully glide through the air.
Anna often says the exact opposite of what she really thinks.
Anna opened the window hoping that the June bug would fly out, but it continued to explore her room.
Anna opened the window wide, hoping that the grasshopper would find its way out on its own.
Anna painted hearts on her nails.
Anna painted her face like a doll.
Anna pepper-sprayed Miroslav.
Anna plays tennis well.
Anna pleaded for someone to remove the mantis from her office.
Anna possesses a breathtaking beauty that beautifully merges her half-European and half-Asian heritage.
Anna quickly grabbed a glass jar and tried to catch the grasshopper to release it outside.
Anna quickly scrambled out of the bath, leaving a trail of water behind her.
Anna ran away with her homeless boyfriend.
Anna ran from her arranged marriage and was never seen again.
Anna realized she was trapped in the bathroom.
Anna really needed to send Vladimir a clear message that she wasn't his property.
Anna really wanted to feel Vladimir's biceps.
Anna received a huge bouquet.
Anna returned to her room after a while and was relieved to find the grasshopper gone.
Anna rushed into the kitchen.
Anna said she wasn't Igor wife.
Anna says that she feels like a boy.
Anna shared first place with Jack, but her name appeared first.
Anna showed her ticket to the ticket inspector.
Anna shrieked in horror as she spotted a cockroach scurrying across her bedroom floor.
Anna slept in Vladimir's room and he slept on the couch.
Anna spent three years in Germany.
Anna started dating another man.
Anna started to fear Leonid.
Anna still has a sturdy old telephone at home with a receiver that she can slam down when she's angry.
Anna still has an old telephone at home with a receiver, cradle and dial.
Anna still has an old telephone at home with a receiver, rest and dial.
Anna suddenly found herself grabbing Rima by her hair.
Anna suddenly grabbed Fyodor's arm.
Anna swam like a graceful mermaid.
Anna swiftly covered the cockroach with the jar.
Anna swung the shoe towards the spider with all her might.
Anna the chimney sweep was sitting at a dizzying height on the factory smokestack. Just looking up at her gave me the collywobbles.
Anna thinks you're a tough sexy guy.
Anna thought Miroslav was a creep.
Anna thought about catching the June bug with a net, but she didn't have one available.
Anna tickled her baby with her long hair.
Anna told Miroslav was acting like a total jerk.
Anna took Vladimir's hand as tears streamed down her cheeks.
Anna took a deep breath, steadied her hand, and took another swing with the broom at the bumblebee.
Anna took deep breaths to calm herself and regain composure.
Anna tried to shoo the June bug out of her room but it kept flying in circles.
Anna trusted Igor to protect her.
Anna turned her face to the wall and began to count: "One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. Ready or not, here I come!" Then she started searching for her friends, who had hidden themselves in the meantime.
Anna uses a boy's name.
Anna wanted Ivan to ask her out.
Anna wanted to feel Vladimir's chest.
Anna wanted to punch Vladimir's thick lips.
Anna wants to have big boobs.
Anna was Igor's first official girlfriend.
Anna was Skura's maid of honor.
Anna was a bit of a tomboy.
Anna was a counselor at a popular girl summer camp.
Anna was asking for a divorce.
Anna was astounded by the contrast between the Titus of Sunday and the Titus of Monday.
Anna was born a woman and she has a vagina.
Anna was convinced that her child was trans.
Anna was dressed as a Berber queen.
Anna was dressed up since she was going on a date directly after work.
Anna was jealous of a nobody.
Anna was lying to her husband.
Anna was my first love.
Anna was relieved that the spider was no longer in the bathroom.
Anna was spending a weekend getaway with her boyfriend.
Anna was startled when a June bug unexpectedly flew into her room.
Anna was startled when a grasshopper suddenly flew into her room.
Anna was the only non-white person at the campsite.
Anna was wearing a long dress.
Anna was woken up by her husband, tapping her aggressively.
Anna watched her husband's slow death.
Anna watched the two laughing and she didn't like it.
Anna went to get a manicure.
Anna will be operated on by the professor himself.
Anna wore that Shawi dress every day.
Anna wore the lingerie.
Anna's Shawi dress was ruined.
Anna's anxiety heightened as she realized the bumblebee seemed reluctant to leave, continuing to explore the room.
Anna's cat became curious about the June bug and started swatting at it.
Anna's colleagues rushed to her office upon hearing the commotion, surprised to find her terrified of a tiny flying bee.
Anna's combination of European and Asian features creates an enchanting symmetry that immediately captures attention.
Anna's dress wasn't fluttering.
Anna's eyes remained fixed on the gigantic spider near the chandelier, her body paralyzed with terror.
Anna's eyes widened in horror as she saw a mammoth spider lurking near the chandelier in the living room.
Anna's face turned pale as she found herself face-to-face with the colossal spider hanging near the chandelier in the living room.
Anna's fear intensified as the mantis continued to circle the room.
Anna's frustration grew as the agile bumblebee eluded her attempts to strike it with the magazine.
Anna's gone to the woodyard to get some fenceposts.
Anna's hair is brown, but Magdalena's is blonde.
Anna's heart raced as she caught sight of an enormous spider crawling near the chandelier in the living room.
Anna's house was recently renovated.
Anna's husband passed away in this room.
Anna's instinctive reaction to the massive spider was to let out a piercing shriek and rush out of the living room.
Anna's mesmerizing beauty serves as a visual representation of the diversity found within the Russian population, embracing both European and Asian roots.
Anna's mother wanted her to be trans.
Anna's nicked my chocolate!
Anna's panicked state made it challenging for her to think clearly or find a rational solution to the situation.
Anna's parents decided that their daughter was trans.
Anna's parents disagreed on her transition.
Anna's pen is black.
Anna's pinched my chocolate!
Anna's pulse raced as she contemplated the best course of action to deal with the colossal spider in her dark and filthy cell.
Anna's radiant smile and graceful demeanor epitomize the elegance and poise commonly associated with Russian women.
Anna's relaxing bath was abruptly interrupted when she spotted a massive spider crawling into the bathroom.
Anna's sister is more beautiful than my best friend Agata.
Anna's striking almond-shaped eyes, inherited from her Asian lineage, exude a captivating depth and a hint of mystery.
Anna's stunning Russian beauty reflects a harmonious blend of European elegance and Asian grace.
Anna, is this your car?
Anna, where will your father be at this time tomorrow?
Annasusanna is a beautiful name and a palindrome.
Anna’s sister is more beautiful than my best friend Agata.
Anne Boleyn was the first queen to be executed at the Tower of London.
Anne Bonny was a female pirate.
Anne Frank and her family hid from Nazi persecution in a secret annex to a commercial building in Amsterdam.
Anne Frank wasn't a citizen.
Anne Hathaway has been appointed by the United Nations as a global goodwill ambassador to promote gender equality and the empowerment of women.
Anne Lisbeth was a beautiful young woman, with a red and white complexion, glittering white teeth, and clear soft eyes; and her footstep was light in the dance, but her mind was lighter still.
Anne Rice, writer of the supernatural and the macabre, has died. She was 80.
Anne Shirley dared her to walk along the top of the board fence which bounded the garden to the east.
Anne Shirley, what have you done to your hair? Why, it's green!
Anne Shirley, what's the matter now?
Anne Shirley, you're only pretending to be grown up. I believe when you're alone you're as much a little girl as you ever were.
Anne accepted Henry's proposal.
Anne accepted Henry’s proposal.
Anne adorned the table with a bouquet from the garden and shut her eyes to the stains on the tablecloth.
Anne adorned the table with a bouquet from the garden.
Anne almost always uses tarot cards to make everyday decisions.
Anne and Diana drove away as fast as the fat pony could go.
Anne bought a cheap violin and a not-so cheap piano.
Anne came out of the fragrant twilight of the orchard with a sheaf of white narcissi in her hands.
Anne cast herself into Marilla's arms and rapturously kissed her sallow cheek.
Anne choked back a mad desire to laugh.
Anne climbed the ladder amid breathless silence.
Anne colored and laughed a little, as she dropped her book and looked dreamily out of the window.
Anne confiscated his crickets.
Anne dashed into the kitchen.
Anne felt that Mrs. Allan's approving smile was almost too much happiness for this world.
Anne gave Gilbert a disappointed glance.
Anne got out the door as quickly as she could when she saw him there.
Anne got up at sunrise because she was too excited to sleep.
Anne had brought her slate down on Gilbert's head and cracked it—slate not head—clear across.
Anne had certain rose-tinted ideals of what a teacher might accomplish if she only went the right way about it.
Anne had evidently made up her mind to hate Gilbert Blythe to the end of life.
Anne had red hair and a fiery temper.
Anne had relapsed into reverie, with her chin in her hands and her eyes on the sky.
Anne had tea ready when Marilla came home.
Anne had warned them that if they brought any more cakes to school they would be confiscated.
Anne has a dimple on her cheek, but her sister Lies doesn't.
Anne has as many shades as a rainbow and every shade is the prettiest while it lasts.
Anne has many admirers.
Anne hopped briskly up and went to work.
Anne hurried home after breakfast.
Anne hurried home from school.
Anne is a real good plain sensible name. You've no need to be ashamed of it.
Anne is patiently knitting.
Anne is the envy of all her friends.
Anne kept Anthony in at recess and talked to him about what was expected of gentlemen, admonishing him that they never poured water down ladies' necks.
Anne kept back her tears until she got home that night.
Anne lived in terror of being captured by Nazis.
Anne lives in France.
Anne locked the school door and went home.
Anne peeped out from her frosted gable window with delighted eyes.
Anne poured the tea.
Anne promptly exclaimed, with her best "schoolma'am" air, "Oh, Davy, gentlemen don't do things like that."
Anne ran blithely up the hill and into the kitchen, where a hot supper was waiting on the table.
Anne ran down the clover slope like a deer, and disappeared in the firry shadows of the Haunted Wood.
Anne reveled in the world of color about her. "Oh, Marilla," she exclaimed one Saturday morning, coming dancing in with her arms full of gorgeous boughs, "I'm so glad I live in a world where there are Octobers. It would be terrible if we just skipped from September to November, wouldn't it? Look at these maple branches. Don't they give you a thrill—several thrills? I'm going to decorate my room with them."
Anne shut her eyes to the stains on the tablecloth.
Anne sighed for sheer happiness.
Anne steadfastly refused to confess.
Anne suddenly felt that if she had not yet won Anthony's liking she had, somehow or other, won his respect.
Anne thought that the morning would never come.
Anne told me that my hair was too long.
Anne tossed her red braids.
Anne tucked a flower for Béla under the windscreen wiper of his car.
Anne ushered her guests to the spare room and thence into the parlour, where she left them while she hastened out to help Priscilla unharness her horse.
Anne walked part of the way home with her.
Anne was an excellent target for teasing because she always took things so seriously.
Anne was at the gate to meet them.
Anne was curled up Turk-fashion on the hearthrug, gazing into that joyous glow where the sunshine of a hundred summers was being distilled from the maple cordwood.
Anne was just about to leave the house when the phone began ringing.
Anne was one of the children of light by birthright.
Anne was one of the children of light by birthright. After she had passed through a life with a smile or a word thrown across it like a gleam of sunshine the owner of that life saw it, for the time being at least, as hopeful and lovely and of good report.
Anne was sitting on the yellow chair by the window gazing mournfully out into the garden.
Anne was standing in the gable room, looking solemnly at three new dresses spread out on the bed.
Anne was the victim of an overwhelming attack of stage fright.
Anne was welcomed back to school with open arms.
Anne went to the little Avonlea graveyard the next evening to put fresh flowers on Matthew's grave.
Anne went upstairs with Dora and sat by her until she fell asleep.
Anne wept and would not be comforted.
Anne wept so long that Marilla grew alarmed, invaded the room, and insisted on knowing what the trouble was.
Anne will not accomplish anything.
Anne will not come to our party.
Anne won't be coming to our party.
Anne worked hard and steadily.
Anne's ankle was broken.
Anne's horizons had closed in since the night she had sat there after coming home from Queen's; but if the path set before her feet was to be narrow she knew that flowers of quiet happiness would bloom along it.
Anne's hungry guests, however, did not seem to think anything was lacking and they ate the simple viands with apparent enjoyment.
Anne's mortification was as evident as Gilbert's satisfaction.
Anne, Mrs. Rachel says you went to church last Sunday with your hat rigged out ridiculous with roses and buttercups.
Anne, go and stand on the platform in front of the blackboard for the rest of the afternoon.
Anne, go to your room and stay there until I come up.
Anne, taste it yourself.
Anne, who was perched on the edge of the veranda, enjoying the charm of a mild west wind blowing across a newly ploughed field on a gray November twilight and piping a quaint little melody among the twisted firs below the garden, turned her dreamy face over her shoulder.
Anne, with her elbows on the window sill, her soft cheek laid against her clasped hands, and her eyes filled with visions, looked out unheedingly across city roof and spire to that glorious dome of sunset sky and wove her dreams of a possible future from the golden tissue of youth's own optimism.
Anne, you certainly have a genius for getting into trouble.
Anne, you sit here on the ottoman and don't wiggle your toes.
Anne, you sit here on the ottoman and don't wiggle.
Anneke came first in the swimming competitions. That is a great achievement.
Annie Marston is with Baumann Consulting, the business that developed the new device. She says that instead of using a team of experts with laptop computers and other devices, it will soon be possible to send only one person with a space-age backpack.
Annie ate nervously.
Annie likes aniseed lollipops.
Annie racked her brains in vain.
Annihilate them.
Annihilation gives birth to my rebirth.
Anniversaries are important.
Announced on the 16th of October of 2012, Alpha Centauri Bb may be the closest planet outside our Solar System and may be a "lava world."
Annoy me again and you'll be shark bait.
Annoy me one more time!
Annoyed at the churlish rebuff, I turned my back and walked home.
Annoying people irritate me.
Annual average temperatures have increased by 1.8°F across the contiguous United States since the beginning of the 20th century.
Annual median sea level along the U.S. coast has increased by about 9 inches since the early 20th century as oceans have warmed and land ice has melted.
Annual payments to participants are expected to continue into the foreseeable future at the amounts or ranges noted.
Annually we work on our land.
Annually, this is the way it unfolds for us.
Anon, to sudden silence won, / In fancy they pursue / The dream-child moving through a land / Of wonders wild and new, / In friendly chat with bird or beast— / And half believe it true.
Anonymity allows people to say anything.
Anonymity is important.
Anonymity or detailed reference are both fine.
Anorexia continued to dominate her life.
Anorexia had wreaked havoc on Mary's body and mind.
Anorexia has a threshold beyond which it becomes uncontrollable.
Another A? Congratulations!
Another Jew was murdered in France.
Another Scotch and water, please.
Another advantage of shopping and booking online is that people can receive the product or a confirmation of the service they requested directly at home, but there is the risk of not receiving what is requested.
Another arose, pointing out the simplicity of the man who suggested asking for boats, just as if Cyrus were making the expedition back again.
Another aspect that distinguishes Gen Z from others is mental health.
Another band of snow is approaching.
Another batch of cookies are coming out of the oven.
Another beer please.
Another beer, please.
Another blanket would be nice.
Another body was found.
Another bottle of wine, please.
Another boy invited Layla to the dance.
Another bus will be here soon.
Another car pulled into the lot.
Another chance will turn up.
Another change in family life is the attitude of parents toward children.
Another cloud like a sheep.
Another coffee, please.
Another common complication of hemorrhoids is inflammation of the rectum.
Another common feature of narcolepsy is cataplexy, which is a sudden loss of muscle tone in response to strong emotion (such as laughing, surprise, or anger).
Another concept, this one from Virginia-based Raytheon BBN Technologies, would use a balloon-lofted, high-altitude air gun to change the course of potentially dangerous orbital junk, such as inoperative satellites.
Another curious Teleost is the Sea Horse.
Another day ending is a day that brings us a little closer to our own death.
Another day gone by.
Another day has begun.
Another day is just beginning.
Another day living in the war machine we call civilization.
Another day of learning had begun.
Another day passed, and the hussar recovered completely.
Another day passed.
Another day that passed, that disappeared, that was lost! But are the days getting shorter? Do they no longer have twenty-four hours?
Another day, another dollar.
Another difference between the aurochs and the bison is the length of the hair; the neck, shoulders, and throat of the bison are covered with very long hairs; while the aurochs have all these parts covered with a short hair, resembling that of the rest of the body, the front excepted, which has frizzled hair.
Another disaster, which we didn't imagine, suddenly, violently, descends upon us, and finding us unprepared -- there's no time now -- sweeps us away.
Another drinking spree took place.
Another empire is going to be destroyed.
Another event that caused a series of cascading delays was the accidental grounding of the container ship Ever Given in the Suez Canal, which blocked shipping through the key artery for six days in March.
Another event that has the same behaviour would also be fine.
Another example is tamarisk. The shrub was imported from Eurasia and Africa in the mid-1800s to control soil erosion in the American Southwest, but it spread to river systems across the West and up mountainsides, to elevations of 2,000 meters.
Another example is the word bra. In English, a bra is a piece of women’s underwear. But in French, bras simply means an “arm.”
Another factor to be taken into consideration is that the present situation is favourable to us.
Another feature of Stormorken syndrome is permanent constriction of the pupils of the eyes (miosis), which may be caused by abnormalities in the muscles that control the size of the pupils.
Another fierce battle was ready to begin.
Another form of art which was highly developed by them was sculpture.
Another fortnight, and then you'll be discharged from hospital.
Another forty minutes went by.
Another gas pipeline war?
Another glass of beer, please.
Another group of hikers spotted Ziri's body at the bottom of a ravine.
Another guard cornered Ziri.
Another guard shot Edmundo in the gut.
Another half hour, and our master will be back here.
Another huckster trying to sell snake oil again.
Another hunter accidentally killed Tom while he was out hunting.
Another interesting factor, he said, is a discernible increase in storms and lightning, events which also can trigger fires in the Arctic. He said climate change in some places is happening faster than previously predicted.
Another interesting source of energy is the heat that can be recovered from radioactive waste material.
Another legionnaire beat Rima up.
Another lesson we can learn from this game is that it's not over till it's over.
Another light was on.
Another likely cause is a problem within the body’s defense system, when the defense system misunderstands signals and attacks the body.
Another lonely day.
Another lot of tourists arrived.
Another lunar resource of potential development value is helium-3, which can be used for nuclear fusion fuel.
Another man accompanied him, a kind of giant who walked bareheaded.
Another man has died.
Another man was wounded.
Another masked man appeared and grabbed Daniel. He tried to kick him off.
Another means of silently lessening the inequality of property is to exempt all from taxation below a certain point, and to tax the higher portions of property in geometrical progression as they rise.
Another milestone has been passed.
Another mistake I made was trusting Tom.
Another mistake, and he will be fired.
Another necessary subject is a dictionary.
Another new idol is on the horizon.
Another new installation coinciding with the museum's anniversary includes two massive etchings, titled "As Time Goes By," by British painter Sir Howard Hodgkin.
Another nurse came into the room.
Another nurse quit.
Another of Biden’s proposed rules would target stabilizing braces for pistols, which give shooters more accuracy and help to manage recoil as they position them on their shoulders before firing.
Another of the fortunate ones who gained the love of Venus was Anchises, prince of Troy; but though the goddess lavished much affection upon him, she was rather ashamed of her attachment, for Anchises was of only mortal birth.
Another one?
Another opportunity will come along.
Another orca attacked a yacht in completely different waters.
Another packet of sugar, please.
Another parcel has arrived for Mary today.
Another park ranger stepped inside.
Another patient has died.
Another pillow, please.
Another plant that many people connect with Christmas is the poinsettia. Poinsettias are native to Mexico. They can be white or pink, but most are bright red. They are named after the first American ambassador to Mexico. Joel Poinsett liked them enough to send some back to the United States.
Another police officer came.
Another popular evergreen this time of year is the mistletoe plant. It has small white berries and leaves that feel like leather. The traditional Christmas mistletoe is native to Europe.
Another possibility is injecting artificial genes into muscles. Researchers are already trying to do that to help people with muscle-wasting diseases.
Another possibility occurred to Tom.
Another possible innovation is an autonomous flying machine.
Another problem concerns the gym equipment.
Another problem has arisen.
Another problem has come up.
Another problem has developed.
Another problem is safety.
Another problem is the miserable state of the healthcare system.
Another problem is where to stop the car.
Another project approved for the Colosseum involves installation of a high-tech retractable stage, expected to be operational by 2023 and which is likely to bring back cultural events and performances.
Another reason I want to consider is health.
Another reason many Americans avoid eating Asian carp is that it is bony, difficult to fillet and hard to sell in fresh fish markets.
Another run for the money, huh?
Another sandwich for lunch?
Another satisfied customer.
Another school year is about to begin.
Another school year was about to begin.
Another season is over.
Another section of the hillside collapsed into a torrent of mud in the nearby Phuoc Loc district, killing three people.
Another ship sank.
Another shooting and another friend's gone.
Another shooting and another friend’s gone.
Another shot sounded ringing through the two-story home.
Another shuttle was leaving without Damiano.
Another small plane crash?
Another soldier recognized Martino and arrested him.
Another song started playing.
Another sound broke the silence again.
Another source of surprise has been the revelation that Pluto’s thin atmospheric haze has many more layers than previously thought.
Another spam article hoping for click-throughs?
Another step forward in the search for extrasolar planets began with the launch in 2009 of the Kepler space observatory, NASA's first extrasolar mission. Kepler's goal was to search hundreds of thousands of stars for signs of planets.
Another step forward revealed that the skull had received violent impact and disintegrated.
Another step, and you will fall down the precipice.
Another step, and you would have fallen down the stairs.
Another step, and you'll fall over the cliff.
Another step, and you’ll fall over the cliff.
Another store will be opened in Boston soon.
Another storm is coming.
Another storm, and our village would have been ruined.
Another student comments that Martin Luther King's message of inclusiveness made him feel better about his Hispanic heritage.
Another student left the university.
Another study by the University of Basel also finds dry weather and heat are inflicting long-term damage on European forests, especially pine and beech trees.
Another summer goes by.
Another summer's day had passed by.
Another team designed a rope-and-pulley system to transport goods up a hill from a small village factory in India to a road.
Another ten minutes drive will take you to the seashore.
Another ten minutes' walk brought us to the shore.
Another ten minutes’ walk brought us to the shore.
Another ten years flew by.
Another ten years went by quickly.
Another tendency of many Japanese speakers that bothers foreigners is to make statements that are too general and too broad by using or implying words like "all" and "every".
Another tendency of many Japanese that bothers foreigners is to make statements that are too general and too broad by using or implying words like "all" and "every".
Another thing that is required is a dictionary.
Another thing to avoid is to use too much praise.
Another thing to consider is the payment.
Another thing to consider is the quality of the materials, knots, and dyes in the carpet.
Another thing which makes transportation by foot or by bicycle preferable to the use of a car: nowadays the level of air pollution is very high because of the high number of cars, and, to reduce that level, the municipality has decided to forbid road traffic on certain days during a certain period; furthermore, there are always traffic jams on Reggio Emilia's roads, so you'll waste lots of time while stuck in a traffic jam.
Another three miles is more than I can walk.
Another time is also okay, but you know it's better to strike while the iron is hot, right?
Another toilet is located on the third floor.
Another two weeks, and then you'll be discharged from hospital.
Another unbearably vacuous title!
Another universe is perhaps a different reality altogether...
Another war, and we all will be killed.
Another war, and we will be ruined.
Another way is to go to the contribute page.
Another way to enjoy the Rio Grande is in its many hot springs. These are places where hot water flows up from underground. The water temperature is over 40 degrees Celsius. The river’s hot springs are said to have healing properties. They hold mineral salts from the earth.
Another win.
Another woman as good as your ex-wife will be hard to find.
Another woman is holding a bag.
Another word, and you're dead.
Another world is possible.
Another year has passed.
Another!
Another, less polite, word for perspiration is sweat.
Ansermino says the inexpensive Phone Oximeter, expected to cost between $10 to $40, produces pulse oximetry readings as accurate as those of machines used in Western hospitals, costing thousands more.
Anstice Justin, head of the Andaman unit of the Anthropological Survey of India, recently led a mission to assess the damage on islands where one of the tribes live. He found sand and debris had filled the shallow waters where the Sentinelese people used to pole their canoes to catch fish.
Answer Tom, please.
Answer Tom.
Answer accurately in one go.
Answer as soon as possible!
Answer at once when spoken to.
Answer her.
Answer him in a friendly manner!
Answer him.
Answer honestly.
Answer in Berber.
Answer in English, please.
Answer in English.
Answer in French.
Answer me now.
Answer me one question.
Answer me quickly, or I'll die.
Answer me right now.
Answer me this.
Answer me this. Did you see her there?
Answer me when I talk to you.
Answer me when I'm talking to you!
Answer me when you have time.
Answer me!
Answer me, please.
Answer me.
Answer my call!
Answer my letter or I will not write to you anymore.
Answer my question carefully.
Answer my question.
Answer my questions.
Answer now!
Answer one question for me.
Answer please, fast.
Answer that, Ziri.
Answer that.
Answer the damn phone!
Answer the following question to receive your password.
Answer the following questions in English.
Answer the following questions in French.
Answer the following questions.
Answer the phone – it's bound to be for you.
Answer the phone! It's been ringing for 20 minutes already.
Answer the phone, please.
Answer the phone.
Answer the phone. It's ringing.
Answer the question!
Answer the question, Tom.
Answer the question.
Answer the questions.
Answer the telephone, will you?
Answer them.
Answer this question again, please.
Answer this question once again, please.
Answer this question once more, please.
Answer to your name when it is called.
Answer us.
Answer with confidence.
Answer!
Answer, please, yes or no.
Answering that question is easy.
Answering that question was difficult.
Answering that question was hard.
Answering the question that way raises further issues.
Answering the questions, Tom didn't make a single mistake.
Answers display different degrees of understanding.
Answers to your questions don't exist.
Answers to your questions don’t exist.
Ant colonies have underground fungus gardens.
Antalya is the tourist capital of Turkey.
Antananarivo is Madagascar's capital.
Antananarivo is the capital of Madagascar.
Antarctica is an unpleasant place to live.
Antarctica is cold at this time of year.
Antarctica is melting at an astonishing pace.
Antarctica is the coldest place on Earth.
Antarctica is the last continent to be discovered.
Antarctica is the world's refrigerator.
Antarctica is the world's southernmost continent.
Antarctica isn't hospitable to humans.
Antares has a faint companion called Antares B, with which it forms a binary system.
Antares is a red star.
Antares is a red supergiant which, were it to replace our Sun, would extend out beyond the orbit of Mars.
Antares is the brightest star in the constellation Scorpio.
Antea is a pretty woman's name.
Anteaters and aardvarks are similar.
Anteaters have no teeth.
Antelopes can easily outrun lions.
Antenatal visits are important for a healthy birth.
Antennas should be placed on the highest part of the building, preferably.
Anteo Zamboni, a 15 year old boy, after apparently having shot at Mussolini, was immediately lynched and killed.
Anthony Atala is director of the Wake Forest Institute of Regenerative Medicine in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Atala says polycystic ovary disease is also commonly seen in older, pre-menopausal women.
Anthony Cole is a well-known social psychologist.
Anthony hugs Mary.
Anthony is hugging Mary.
Anthony played.
Anthony sings.
Anthony was esteemed by the Egyptians.
Anthony was playing.
Anthony was respected by the Egyptians.
Anthony was talking nonsense.
Anthony went to the shooting range to blow off some steam.
Anthrax is a disease of warm-blooded animals. It most commonly affects cattle and other animals that eat plants. However, it also can affect people who deal with infected animals or animal products. Anthrax can not be passed from one person to another.
Anthropologist and journalist Akbar Ahmed, a former Pakistani ambassador to Great Britain, says such interfaith meetings need to take place not only at the level of heads of state but also among religious leaders at the community level.
Anthropologists know that Austronesians from Southeast Asia in the past reached Madagascar, a large island off the African mainland east coast. So, some Africans do have Asian blood.
Anthropologists opine that the origin of the Australoids is not Australia, but Africa.
Anthropologists understand race as a phenomenon which varies across clines.
Anthropologists use interviews and participant observation to gain an emic.
Anthropology is the scientific demand for social patterns in human cultures.
Anthropology is the scientific study of human nature in the past and present in regard to its biological, social, linguistical aspects.
Anthropos. That's a Greek word. It means to become the best human you can be.
Anti-American sentiment in Turkey has deepened.
Anti-Berber racism is proliferating.
Anti-Chinese sentiment is on the rise in Myanmar.
Anti-Muslim sentiment spiked in 2001.
Anti-Zionism is not antisemitism.
Anti-Zionists are labeled as being antisemitic.
Anti-abortion laws are deeply unpopular in the United States.
Anti-abortion laws have nothing to do with life and everything to do with control.
Anti-abortion laws kill women.
Anti-feminists think all feminists think all men are rapists.
Anti-foreign sentiment is often stoked by the Chinese government in order to bolster cheap nationalism.
Anti-furries have proudly voiced their opposition on the Internet.
Anti-furries treat us like we're little kids.
Anti-immigration policies are inherently authoritarian.
Anti-intellectualism is often cloaked as criticism of elitism.
Anti-intellectualism is often couched in the disguise of criticizing "elitism".
Anti-racist Israeli Jews like Yitzhak are very brave people.
Anti-social behavior is fertile ground for humor. In America, where sexual expression was for long repressed, sex jokes abound. When Clifford Geertz asked a young Balinese man the funniest thing he could think of, the answer was "A younger being rude to his older brother."
Anti-state activity makes up the vast majority of charges levelled against journalists jailed around the world.
Anti-vaxxers endanger people's lives.
Antia is a feminine name of Galician origin.
Antibiotic resistance, in which microbes no longer respond to drugs, is quickly becoming a global health emergency. Of particular concern are so-called “superbugs,” a handful of pathogens that patients acquire in hospitals and other health care settings. Patients recovering from surgery are particularly vulnerable to the resistant, hospital-borne infections, which put them at high risk of death.
Antibiotic-resistant bacteria are a serious public health problem.
Antibiotic-resistant bacteria pose one of the biggest threats to global health, according to the World Health Organization.
Antibiotics are a cure for infection.
Antibiotics are commonly enzymatic inhibitors.
Antibiotics are overused.
Antibiotics can't destroy viruses.
Antibiotics can't kill viruses.
Antibiotics don't do anything.
Antibiotics don't work on my body.
Antibiotics fight the development of microorganisms.
Antibiotics help fight bacteria.
Antibiotics kill bacteria, but won't do anything against viruses.
Antibiotics were discovered at the beginning of the twentieth century.
Antibodies are a key part of the immune system.
Antibodies fight off infections and viruses.
Antibodies give a new lease of life.
Antibodies work by attaching themselves to an invading germ.
Anticipating Halloween, now the 21st of August of 2022, I'm currently reading Bram Stoker's 19th-century Dracula in Spanish. I've read parts of it before in Italian. I've previously viewed the movie, with Keanu Reeves, from 1992, in English, then Spanish. The white-haired vampire in the Transylvanian castle reminds me of my maternal grandmother.
Anticipating a cold winter, we bought a bigger stove.
Antifa groups have never existed without fascists to resist.
Antifa helped rebuild Europe after World War II.
Antifa helped rebuild Germany after World War II.
Antifa is necessary as long as there is fascism.
Antifa will be designated a terrorist organization.
Antifascists often mask their faces to make themselves less identifiable to the police.
Antigens are substances capable of provoking the formation of antibodies.
Antigens determine a person's blood group.
Antigens determine an individual's blood group.
Antigua and Barbuda is a former British colony.
Antigua and Barbuda is an independent country.
Antigua has not yet returned to its pre-crisis growth levels.
Antimatter is highly unstable.
Antimicrobial resistance is growing because of the widespread abuse and misuse of antibiotics.
Antimony compounds are the main therapy against all leishmaniasis, including the often fatal version called kala-azar that attacks organs.
Antimony is one of several elements for which the chemical symbol, Sb, is derived from Latin rather than its modern name.
Antina had a sinking feeling in her stomach.
Antiparasitic drugs are given each year to manage the worm infections. The drugs are not usually dispensed at the same time for all of the diseases. Public health officials say time and resources could be saved if all three drugs could be doled out simultaneously.
Antipasti are appetizers served before the first course.
Antiperspirant is useful.
Antique carpets are especially valuable.
Antique cars in good condition are hard to find.
Antiquity is history's aristocracy.
Antiquity is the aristocracy of history.
Antisemites are eager to latch onto protests against Israel to propagate their hate, and an active effort has to be made to keep them out.
Antisemites don't want Jews to live anywhere.
Antisemites will take a leftist Jew saying, "There should be no borders," and a right-wing Jew saying, "Israel needs to defend its borders," and misrepresent them both as part of the same united effort with the same goals.
Antisemitic conspiracy theories rely on the myth of Jewish unity.
Antisemitism did not begin or end with the Holocaust.
Antisemitism fortifies Zionism.
Antisemitism has really exploded over the last few years.
Antisemitism in America is at its highest point since the early 20th century.
Antisemitism incites genocides.
Antisemitism is a mutating virus.
Antisemitism is leftism for fools.
Antisemitism is the socialism of fools.
Antisemitism strengthens Zionism.
Antivax nonsense kills.
Antlers are shed and regrown annually in most species of deer.
Antlers are unique to the deer family and are used for defense and attraction.
Antlers are used in battles between male deer to establish dominance.
Antlers can also be used to break through ice and snow to reach food.
Antlers can be used to determine the age and health of a deer.
Antlers can grow up to an inch per day during the growth period.
Antoine Lavoisier died in Paris, France.
Antoine Lavoisier died on May 8, 1794.
Antoine Lavoisier was beheaded during the French revolution.
Antoine Lavoisier was born in Paris, France.
Antoine Louis invented the guillotine, which was, however, named after Dr. Joseph-Ignace Guillotin.
Antoine and Chantal are eating rhubarb cake with mint tea in the tearoom.
Antoine was talking nonsense.
Antoine's castle has twenty bedrooms.
Anton Chigurh is a methodical and disciplined killer, known for his precision and attention to detail.
Anton Chigurh is a tall and imposing figure, often described as having a commanding presence.
Anton Chigurh is highly intelligent and resourceful, always staying several steps ahead of his pursuers.
Anton Chigurh is overly calculating.
Anton Chigurh's appearance is notably menacing.
Anton Szandor Lavey founded the Church of Satan.
Anton ate some sausages with Thai sauce.
Anton considered what else he could put in his shopping trolley to make the bottles of booze less conspicuous.
Anton is a Singularitarian, believing in the coming of artificial superintelligence.
Anton is addressing me.
Anton is eating pigeon with rice.
Anton is talking to me.
Anton regularly goes to confession.
Anton thought that his forest turned out well.
Anton's chalet has a large balcony.
Anton's chalet is situated on a mountain.
Anton's holiday home has a large balcony.
Antoni played.
Antonio Alcala has spent over a decade creating a single postage stamp.
Antonio Berni was a well-known Argentinian muralist.
Antonio Guterres was sworn in Friday for a second 5-year term as U.N. Secretary-General after the General Assembly approved it by acclamation.
Antonio Guzmán Blanco came to power in Venezuela in 1870.
Antonio accepted Rima as a student.
Antonio accepted the invitation happily.
Antonio accessed restricted information.
Antonio accidentally hit Rima.
Antonio accidentally kicked the bag off the cliff.
Antonio accidentally spilled a drink on Rima.
Antonio accused Rima of ruining the party.
Antonio achieved his objective.
Antonio activated the fire alarm.
Antonio admitted that he knew where Rima resided.
Antonio agreed and changed the subject.
Antonio always prefers to keep his distance from Rima.
Antonio and Rima agreed to be friends.
Antonio and Rima agreed to gamble with the money together.
Antonio and Rima arrived.
Antonio and Rima ate lunch at the school cafeteria.
Antonio and Rima began dividing the money equally.
Antonio and Rima both agreed to separate peacefully.
Antonio and Rima both failed.
Antonio and Rima both started talking.
Antonio and Rima chat every day.
Antonio and Rima chitchatted for a while.
Antonio and Rima conversed about Walid.
Antonio and Rima danced to disco music.
Antonio and Rima decided they should split up.
Antonio and Rima decided to discuss things further.
Antonio and Rima discussed her pregnancy.
Antonio and Rima discussed inflation.
Antonio and Rima discussed their in-laws.
Antonio and Rima discussed their past experiences.
Antonio and Rima discussed their plans for revenge.
Antonio and Rima discussed their troubled lives.
Antonio and Rima fought for the gun.
Antonio and Rima got along wonderfully.
Antonio and Rima had a discussion with Walid about the tape.
Antonio and Rima had their first romantic moment at the cafeteria.
Antonio and Rima have been communicating with each other.
Antonio and Rima killed each other.
Antonio and Rima kissed inside the truck.
Antonio and Rima made passionate love.
Antonio and Rima met for lunch at a restaurant.
Antonio and Rima need to stay together.
Antonio and Rima proceeded to the lab.
Antonio and Rima raced to the river.
Antonio and Rima reassured each other.
Antonio and Rima reconciled their differences.
Antonio and Rima reunited at the airport.
Antonio and Rima sat next to each other at the teachers’ meeting.
Antonio and Rima shared a drink.
Antonio and Rima shared a goodbye kiss.
Antonio and Rima spent the night together.
Antonio and Rima started kissing each other.
Antonio and Rima struck up a conversation about tanks.
Antonio and Rima stumbled upon each other.
Antonio and Rima talked about their love life.
Antonio and Rima talked things out.
Antonio and Rima were about to kiss.
Antonio and Rima were dating secretly.
Antonio and Rima were discussing how they should escape.
Antonio and Rima were having an affair.
Antonio and Rima were perfect together.
Antonio and Rima were playing a board game.
Antonio and Rima were sharing a romantic moment.
Antonio and Walid competed with each other to impress the queen.
Antonio and Walid discussed the soldier’s identity.
Antonio apologized for what happened.
Antonio apologized to Rima for not listening to her before.
Antonio apologized to Rima for the way he had mistreated her.
Antonio appeared in front of Rima, alive.
Antonio appeared in front of Rima.
Antonio approached Rima from behind.
Antonio approached Walid for another faceoff.
Antonio argued with Rima.
Antonio arrived at the finish line.
Antonio arrived at the truck.
Antonio arrived there, too.
Antonio arrived there.
Antonio arrived with the captain.
Antonio arrived, ready to fight.
Antonio asked Rima about Area 40.
Antonio asked Rima about her first memory.
Antonio asked Rima about her scars.
Antonio asked Rima about it.
Antonio asked Rima her name.
Antonio asked Rima her personal name.
Antonio asked Rima if she needed a hand.
Antonio asked Rima to be quiet.
Antonio asked Rima to go home.
Antonio asked Rima what she meant.
Antonio asked Rima where she came from.
Antonio asked Rima who was on the phone with her.
Antonio asked Walid to be his master.
Antonio asked all those present to applaud.
Antonio asked for his bag and left.
Antonio asked that Rima leave his property.
Antonio asked the crowd to be quiet but no one listened to him.
Antonio assaulted a police officer.
Antonio assisted Rima in her escape.
Antonio attacked Rima’s clan.
Antonio attacked Walid to get revenge.
Antonio attacked the tank before disappearing into the forest.
Antonio attempted to apologize.
Antonio attended a meeting with potential investors.
Antonio attended a meeting with the principal and other teachers.
Antonio attended his son’s play.
Antonio bailed Rima out.
Antonio became a killer.
Antonio became a skilled swordsman.
Antonio became increasingly distressed.
Antonio became more and more popular.
Antonio began asking Rima random questions.
Antonio began his Berber class.
Antonio began his usual routine.
Antonio began the cognitive test.
Antonio began the test.
Antonio began to play with the fireworks.
Antonio began to worry.
Antonio begged Rima not to tell the principal.
Antonio begged his mother to let him join the band.
Antonio behaved like family.
Antonio believed Rima’s claims.
Antonio believes that the tank is still at large.
Antonio belongs to a tribe called Ayt Iraten.
Antonio belongs to a wealthy family.
Antonio bet on that number.
Antonio betrayed the tribe by running away.
Antonio bled to death.
Antonio bought grenades.
Antonio bought the kid something to eat before they left.
Antonio broke free.
Antonio brought Rima to a rest area where there were a lot of people.
Antonio brought a car from the city.
Antonio burned along with Rima.
Antonio cajoled Rima into dancing and she agreed.
Antonio called and broke the bad news.
Antonio called his parents to tell them what was going on.
Antonio came across a little girl named Rima.
Antonio came across another group of students with their teacher.
Antonio came back to where he started.
Antonio came by the table.
Antonio came forward and took the blame.
Antonio came in to talk to Rima.
Antonio came in with Rima.
Antonio came to investigate the noises.
Antonio came to pick Rima in a golf cart.
Antonio came to pick Rima up in his car.
Antonio came to see Rima.
Antonio came to sit with Rima.
Antonio can give Rima a ride.
Antonio can never leave.
Antonio can remember his mother’s face.
Antonio can see this.
Antonio can take Rima any country she wants as long as she pays.
Antonio cannot openly admit that.
Antonio cannot stay.
Antonio can’t afford it.
Antonio can’t complain.
Antonio can’t feel anything.
Antonio can’t find the bag.
Antonio can’t let Rima do this.
Antonio can’t read.
Antonio can’t spend his entire life doing that.
Antonio can’t stop Rima.
Antonio caused trouble with a customer.
Antonio celebrated his victory in a game.
Antonio challenged the leader of the clan.
Antonio changed his story.
Antonio changed his wardrobe.
Antonio chased Rima into town.
Antonio chastised Rima over the absurdity of the matter.
Antonio checked Rima’s wounds.
Antonio checked his locker.
Antonio checked the car.
Antonio checked the pipe.
Antonio checked the solar panels.
Antonio checked things out.
Antonio chose an intimate toy from Rima’s collection.
Antonio chose to believe Rima.
Antonio chose to leave.
Antonio chose to stay with Rima.
Antonio claimed he couldn’t catch anything in the lake.
Antonio collapsed and started having convulsions.
Antonio collapsed, too.
Antonio comes from a wealthy family.
Antonio commanded his robot to shoot Rima in the head.
Antonio completes his tasks with ease.
Antonio complied.
Antonio conducted additional research.
Antonio confessed his love for Rima.
Antonio confirmed his suspicions.
Antonio confirmed his theory.
Antonio confronted every man that tried to flirt with Rima.
Antonio confronted the robot.
Antonio constantly tried to make Rima laugh.
Antonio continued his pilgrimage.
Antonio continued to beg.
Antonio continued to belittle Rima.
Antonio continued to cough.
Antonio continued to scan the data.
Antonio continued to spy on Rima.
Antonio continued to take care of the baby.
Antonio continued to work every day.
Antonio controlled the camp.
Antonio convinced Rima to go to town.
Antonio convinced Rima to leave Walid immediately.
Antonio convinced the ferryman to turn around.
Antonio cooked dinner for Rima.
Antonio corrected Rima.
Antonio could barely walk.
Antonio could hear the tanks.
Antonio could lose his daughter permanently.
Antonio crashed into the cafeteria.
Antonio created the perfect cyborg.
Antonio cried over losing his cat.
Antonio cursed in Berber.
Antonio cut Rima’s fingers.
Antonio de Mendoza was the first viceroy of New Spain.
Antonio decapitated Walid out of mercy.
Antonio decided against that.
Antonio decided to attack Rima.
Antonio decided to dress up as his favorite superhero.
Antonio decided to follow Rima.
Antonio decided to follow his family.
Antonio decided to give Rima a small discount.
Antonio decided to leave, too.
Antonio decided to return.
Antonio declared he had had enough.
Antonio deleted Rima’s program.
Antonio demanded Rima to leave.
Antonio demonstrated the superhuman strength of his cyborg.
Antonio denied sending the video to Rima.
Antonio depended on Rima for a livelihood.
Antonio designed a game.
Antonio desliked the idea.
Antonio despises rules.
Antonio destroyed the bridge.
Antonio developed a highly efficient methof of communication.
Antonio developed a new training method.
Antonio didn’t disclose any more information.
Antonio didn’t exhibit fear.
Antonio didn’t hesitate to shoot Rima.
Antonio didn’t interrupt the stream.
Antonio didn’t let Rima sleep.
Antonio didn’t let them team up.
Antonio didn’t make it either.
Antonio didn’t notice he was being tricked.
Antonio didn’t notice that cabin.
Antonio didn’t seem to bother.
Antonio didn’t take much time to defeat Walid.
Antonio didn’t tell the cops about his son.
Antonio didn’t want his cover to be blown.
Antonio didn’t want to ruin the mood.
Antonio died in 2004.
Antonio directed the group to the hotel.
Antonio disappeared for good.
Antonio discovered Rima’s ruse.
Antonio discovered that Rima’s stories were lies.
Antonio discovered that the reliquary was empty.
Antonio discovered the prescription was fake.
Antonio disguised himself as a soldier.
Antonio dismissed Rima’s suggestion.
Antonio distracted every one.
Antonio doesn’t belong in this company.
Antonio doesn’t blame Rima for anything.
Antonio doesn’t deserve it.
Antonio doesn’t enjoy that life.
Antonio doesn’t get many visitors.
Antonio doesn’t hesitate to cash the money.
Antonio doesn’t know anyone here.
Antonio doesn’t know anything about that tank.
Antonio doesn’t know how to save Rima.
Antonio doesn’t want to make the same mistake.
Antonio doused the house with gasoline and set it on fire.
Antonio downloaded Rima’s brain scans.
Antonio dragged Rima into a room.
Antonio drank vinegar.
Antonio dreadfully accepted his fate.
Antonio dressed for an interview.
Antonio dropped the knife.
Antonio drove back to his tent.
Antonio dug a hole in the forest.
Antonio dug the knife into Rima’s back.
Antonio easily beat Walid up and killed him.
Antonio easily beat Walid.
Antonio easily defeated Walid’s men thanks to his training.
Antonio ended his day unsatisfied and frustrated.
Antonio enjoyed inflicting pain on other people.
Antonio entered a diner.
Antonio entered the bathroom.
Antonio entered the car.
Antonio entered the queen’s chamber.
Antonio entered the termination code.
Antonio entered the trailer.
Antonio entertained himself.
Antonio even danced.
Antonio eventually married Rima.
Antonio exiled Rima from the village.
Antonio experienced that again.
Antonio explained his mission objective.
Antonio explained the movie.
Antonio exploded into a bloody mess.
Antonio explored the amusement park.
Antonio explored the area.
Antonio faked his death.
Antonio fell for Rima’s sweet words.
Antonio fell into Rima’s trap.
Antonio fell into the well.
Antonio fell to his knees and kissed the ground.
Antonio felt bad for the baby.
Antonio felt disappointed.
Antonio felt extremely hurt.
Antonio felt really embarrassed.
Antonio finally accepted Rima as a student.
Antonio finally defeated Walid.
Antonio finally discovered what he was looking for.
Antonio finally opened the massive vault.
Antonio finally reached Rima’s office.
Antonio finally succumbed to Rima’s charm.
Antonio finished the deer off with a rock.
Antonio fixed a damaged tank.
Antonio flipped the table.
Antonio flushed his passport in the toilet.
Antonio followed the trail as Rima suggested.
Antonio fought a tattooed man.
Antonio fought them together.
Antonio found Rima crying.
Antonio found Rima’s story hard to believe.
Antonio found a bomb in the van.
Antonio found himself in chains.
Antonio found nothing to give.
Antonio found nothing with Rima’s identity on it.
Antonio found out about Rima and Walid’s secret cooperation.
Antonio found out about Rima.
Antonio found out all Rima had said to him was a lie.
Antonio found the fake prescriptions in Rima’s pockets.
Antonio found the tank and destroyed it.
Antonio fulfilled his physical desires with Rima.
Antonio gained Rima’s trust.
Antonio gave Rima a pendant as a Christmas gift.
Antonio gave Rima a piece of paper.
Antonio gave Rima her clothes.
Antonio gave Rima instructions on how to take care of the baby.
Antonio gave Rima instructions on what to do.
Antonio gave Rima some important information.
Antonio gave Rima the chance to have a better life.
Antonio gave chase.
Antonio gave the letter to Rima.
Antonio gave the photos to Rima.
Antonio gave the team only forty days instead of three months to build the tank.
Antonio gently felt Rima’s hand.
Antonio gladly agreed to do that.
Antonio gladly took Rima’s hand.
Antonio got a prize.
Antonio got a telescope.
Antonio got despised by Rima.
Antonio got down from his horse.
Antonio got down to business.
Antonio got high.
Antonio got his hair cut.
Antonio got hurt in the exchange of fire.
Antonio got lost on his way to the lab.
Antonio got promoted to a higher rank.
Antonio got promoted to another tank.
Antonio got ready to kill Rima.
Antonio got really good at that kung fu style.
Antonio got rid of Walid as a competitor.
Antonio got shot.
Antonio grabbed Rima by the neck.
Antonio grabbed Rima intimidatingly.
Antonio grabbed a gun and started shooting.
Antonio grabbed the phone and answered the call.
Antonio grew up in a matriarchal family.
Antonio had 90% of his body covered in burns.
Antonio had a cat in his arms.
Antonio had a dangerous disease.
Antonio had a huge appendage.
Antonio had a plan in mind.
Antonio had a prosthetic arm.
Antonio had brain trauma injuries.
Antonio had no idea what was in store for him.
Antonio had regrets about his life.
Antonio had to carry Rima back to her home.
Antonio handed Rima the coin.
Antonio has a donut store.
Antonio has a guardian angel.
Antonio has a new idea.
Antonio has a personal shrine in the woods.
Antonio has a ring with his family name inside.
Antonio has a well-equipped race car.
Antonio has all the information he needs.
Antonio has another message for Rima.
Antonio has become a victim of online harassment as people on the website engage in relentless bullying against him.
Antonio has been cheating on Rima with Skura.
Antonio has been paralyzed.
Antonio has been waiting.
Antonio has betrayed the group.
Antonio has four challenges to complete.
Antonio has joined our clan as a new member.
Antonio has just arrived from abroad.
Antonio has many girlfriends.
Antonio has no answer.
Antonio has not forgotten Rima.
Antonio has nothing to be concerned about.
Antonio has searched the area well.
Antonio has supported Rima’s actions so far.
Antonio has the wrong file.
Antonio has to attend Rima’s play.
Antonio has to be somewhere else for work.
Antonio has to get Rima out of this place.
Antonio hasn’t been paying rent.
Antonio hates hunting.
Antonio headed to the building to save Rima.
Antonio headed to the main room.
Antonio heard Rima practicing karate.
Antonio heard Rima’s grumbling stomach.
Antonio heard Rima’s intentions.
Antonio heard excited shrieks.
Antonio heard his parents getting busy behind the curtain.
Antonio heard that Rima was Walid’s student.
Antonio heard the clang of swords.
Antonio heard the gunshots.
Antonio heard the music.
Antonio heard the news about the shooting on the radio.
Antonio heard the screams.
Antonio helped Rima conceive children.
Antonio helped Rima disguise herself.
Antonio helped Rima earn money for her family.
Antonio helped Rima escape.
Antonio helps refugees cross the border.
Antonio hid in a van.
Antonio hid inside a shipping container.
Antonio hid many refugees there.
Antonio hid the baby in the shopping trolley.
Antonio hid the body.
Antonio hid the money in the pipe.
Antonio hid under a bridge.
Antonio hired Walid to eliminate Rima.
Antonio hired Walid to keep an eye on Rima.
Antonio hit Rima sideways.
Antonio hit Rima with a fire extinguisher.
Antonio hugged Rima tightly.
Antonio hung himself inside the cabin.
Antonio hung the clothes to let them dry.
Antonio ignored Rima’s sympathies.
Antonio ignored the body and scolded Rima for being there.
Antonio ignored them.
Antonio immediately asked for help.
Antonio immediately restrained Rima.
Antonio immediately rushed towards the hospital.
Antonio immediately rushed towards the vehicle.
Antonio immediately told Rima.
Antonio inflicted pain on other people.
Antonio informed Rima about Walid’s death.
Antonio informed Rima about the incident.
Antonio informed Rima about the operation.
Antonio informed Rima of Walid’s terrible condition.
Antonio informed everyone of Rima’s actions.
Antonio initiated self-destruct.
Antonio initiated the security procedure.
Antonio insisted on leaving.
Antonio insisted on playing the tape he found in Rima’s car.
Antonio introduced Walid to the high school’s popular girls.
Antonio introduced himself formally.
Antonio invaded Rima’s privacy.
Antonio invited Rima for coffee.
Antonio invited Rima to come.
Antonio invited Rima to his home.
Antonio is Rima’s next victim.
Antonio is a bounty hunter.
Antonio is a detective undercover.
Antonio is a high-ranking officer.
Antonio is a massive muscular man.
Antonio is a mechanic.
Antonio is a player.
Antonio is a researcher from Stanford.
Antonio is a senior doctor.
Antonio is a successful karate fighter.
Antonio is already in hell.
Antonio is an illegal immigrant.
Antonio is confined in a prison.
Antonio is cutting himself off from everything he cares about.
Antonio is free to leave.
Antonio is from a rival clan.
Antonio is from a wealthy family.
Antonio is going to talk to Rima about her tape.
Antonio is hooking up with Rima.
Antonio is in a wheelchair.
Antonio is indeed alive.
Antonio is not allowed to do this.
Antonio is not free.
Antonio is not going to be Rima’s mentor anymore.
Antonio is not interested in how the robot works.
Antonio is not one of the bad one.
Antonio is not someone who is fooled easily.
Antonio is not there.
Antonio is on bathroom duty.
Antonio is only fourteen years old.
Antonio is possibly the devil himself.
Antonio is pure-hearted.
Antonio is serving a four-year prison sentence because he stabbed a man.
Antonio is still unconscious.
Antonio is subject to ongoing bullying on the website, with users making derogatory comments about his contribution, intelligence, cultural background and character.
Antonio is such a fanatic.
Antonio is taking Berber lessons.
Antonio is the company’s lawyer.
Antonio is the highest ranking man in the army.
Antonio is the most recommended soldier for this.
Antonio is the new Berber teacher.
Antonio is the owner of a local convenience store.
Antonio is the owner of the factory.
Antonio is the school’s principal.
Antonio is the tribe’s priest.
Antonio is working on his care.
Antonio joined Rima.
Antonio joined our company as a consultant.
Antonio joined out team as an advisor.
Antonio journeyed to the border.
Antonio jumped for joy.
Antonio jumped on Rima.
Antonio kept his distance from Rima.
Antonio kept his head low.
Antonio kept on fighting.
Antonio kept some extra coins for himself.
Antonio kept the rest of the money.
Antonio killed Rima viciously.
Antonio killed Rima’s mother.
Antonio killed one of the ferrymen.
Antonio killed the deputy.
Antonio killed the dog as well.
Antonio killed the remaining four soldiers.
Antonio kisses Rima.
Antonio knocked Rima out.
Antonio knows exactly whom to blame.
Antonio knows how to operate a tank.
Antonio lacked papers.
Antonio laughed about it.
Antonio laughed at Rima’s suggestion.
Antonio learnt the best kung fu techniques.
Antonio left Rima for dead.
Antonio left Rima surprised and speechless.
Antonio left his baby with a stranger.
Antonio left his brother behind.
Antonio left the chocolate in the kitchen.
Antonio left the city.
Antonio left the factory.
Antonio left the gun.
Antonio let go of Rima’s hand.
Antonio lied that Rima was sick.
Antonio likes the new Berber teacher.
Antonio lived an awful life.
Antonio lived his hole life in darkness.
Antonio lives in a town in Algeria.
Antonio lives in the Casablanca slums.
Antonio looked around and saw an old man.
Antonio looked at Rima, enjoying her pain and fear.
Antonio looked at the scientist.
Antonio looked back inside.
Antonio lost Rima in the crowd.
Antonio lost everything.
Antonio lost his only friend, Walid.
Antonio lost his pursuers.
Antonio lost no time.
Antonio lost to Rima.
Antonio loves Rima immensely.
Antonio loves mystery films.
Antonio loves war movies.
Antonio made Rima comfortable by offering her a drink.
Antonio made Rima into a monster.
Antonio made Rima laugh.
Antonio made Rima lazy.
Antonio made Rima promise to never leave him again.
Antonio made Rima suffer a fate worse than death.
Antonio made a run for it.
Antonio made fun of Rima’s hairstyle.
Antonio made fun of Rima’s way of dressing.
Antonio made his escape.
Antonio made his way to Rima’s house.
Antonio made it past the zombies safe.
Antonio made most of his money from drug trafficking.
Antonio made sure Rima was fine.
Antonio made up stories.
Antonio managed to catch Rima.
Antonio managed to defeat several of Walid’s men.
Antonio managed to free himself.
Antonio managed to impregnate Rima.
Antonio managed to open the massive vault.
Antonio managed to turn the fight around and become the victor.
Antonio manipulated the system.
Antonio married and impregnated a fourteen-year girl.
Antonio massaged Rima’s feet.
Antonio mentioned Rima’s name in his diaries.
Antonio mentioned his wife and baby.
Antonio mentioned that last time.
Antonio met Rima’s husband.
Antonio met a teacher named Rima.
Antonio met the prime minister and the president.
Antonio moved on to phase 4 of his program.
Antonio needed that.
Antonio needs to finish what he has started.
Antonio needs to focus his attention on the real world.
Antonio needs to focus his efforts on that.
Antonio needs to interact with real people.
Antonio needs to know.
Antonio needs to see his daughter.
Antonio needs to watch out and take care.
Antonio neglected his kids.
Antonio never complains.
Antonio never heard Rima.
Antonio never met Rima in person.
Antonio noticed Rima’s trick.
Antonio noticed fireflies flying around.
Antonio noticed how good Rima was.
Antonio noticed that Rima was still breathing.
Antonio noticed that.
Antonio noticed this.
Antonio obediently agreed.
Antonio obeys orders without questions.
Antonio offered Rima a bet.
Antonio offered Rima papers to sign.
Antonio offered to help.
Antonio only gave Rima four hundred dinars for that.
Antonio opened the metal box.
Antonio opened up completely to Rima.
Antonio ordered a meal.
Antonio ordered his men to barricade the area.
Antonio overcame several terrifying situations.
Antonio owns a casino.
Antonio paid Rima a visit.
Antonio paid for the drinks.
Antonio persuaded Rima to continue her research.
Antonio picked one up.
Antonio placed a huge spider in front of Rima.
Antonio planned to get new clothes.
Antonio praised Rima’s actions.
Antonio prayed God to give him a sign.
Antonio prepared himself.
Antonio pretended to be talking to his grandmother.
Antonio prevented Rima from entering the house.
Antonio proceeded to call his teammates.
Antonio promised Rima and Walid he would be joining them soon.
Antonio promised not to come back.
Antonio promised not to talk to Rima anymore.
Antonio promised to keep in touch.
Antonio promoted Rima to a higher group.
Antonio proved Martha wrong.
Antonio pulled his hand out of his pocket.
Antonio punched Rima in public.
Antonio punished Rima by staying hungry for days.
Antonio pushed his way past Walid and Skura and left.
Antonio put a gun to Rima’s head.
Antonio put a katana on Rima’s neck.
Antonio put on his underwear.
Antonio put poison into a well.
Antonio put the coin in a handkerchief.
Antonio put the gun to Rima’s head and shot.
Antonio put the phone in a plastic bag.
Antonio questioned Rima’s insanity.
Antonio quickly caught on.
Antonio quickly got rid of Rima.
Antonio quickly improved.
Antonio quietly killed Rima.
Antonio raised his hand, too.
Antonio ran back to the village.
Antonio reacted frantically.
Antonio reacted violently.
Antonio read the book a year ago.
Antonio realized he was in danger.
Antonio realized how to win the game.
Antonio realized the importance of love.
Antonio received a call from the hospital.
Antonio received a huge amount of money.
Antonio received his own rifle.
Antonio recognized Antonio as a former Crusader.
Antonio recorded everything.
Antonio regained consciousness.
Antonio remembers Rima but not Walid.
Antonio renovated an old building.
Antonio repaired his bike for the following race.
Antonio replied in Berber.
Antonio reported the incident.
Antonio reprimanded his robot for killing the man.
Antonio requested to sleep over at Rima’s place.
Antonio rescued Rima’s personal things from the burning house.
Antonio resided in a low-income community.
Antonio respected Rima’s decision.
Antonio resumed his military training.
Antonio returned to Rima’s house.
Antonio returned to the auditorium.
Antonio returned to the game.
Antonio revealed his real identity.
Antonio revealed his secret kung fu technique.
Antonio reversed his Ford.
Antonio rewarded Rima for her loyalty.
Antonio ridiculed Rima.
Antonio roamed the area with an axe.
Antonio rode a white horse.
Antonio rushed back home.
Antonio rushed outside.
Antonio rushed to Rima.
Antonio safely guided the students to the exit.
Antonio said Rima was gone.
Antonio said goodbye to everyone before leaving.
Antonio said that a man without children isn’t a real man.
Antonio said that the baby would be called Rima.
Antonio said the same.
Antonio sank to the ocean floor.
Antonio sarcastically confirmed that.
Antonio sat at the table with his family.
Antonio sat on his bench.
Antonio sat outside a pub.
Antonio sat under a table.
Antonio sat with his lawyer, Rima.
Antonio saves people’s lives for free.
Antonio saw Rima crying alone.
Antonio saw Rima during the race.
Antonio saw Rima in the hallway.
Antonio saw Rima last weekend.
Antonio saw Rima leave Walid’s house.
Antonio saw Rima’s face on the news.
Antonio saw a fox in the woods.
Antonio saw a group of monks gardening and tending to animals.
Antonio saw something that made him go silence.
Antonio saw the fight.
Antonio saw the photos.
Antonio saw two moons in the sky.
Antonio searched for a job everywhere around town.
Antonio searched on his own.
Antonio seemed happy for Rima.
Antonio seemed to be collecting seaweed.
Antonio seemed to be severely sick.
Antonio seemed to develop another agenda.
Antonio seemed uninterested.
Antonio sent Rima a letter of condolence.
Antonio sent Rima away.
Antonio sent a letter to the king of France.
Antonio sent a man to save Rima.
Antonio shared his food with Rima.
Antonio shared his plans with Rima.
Antonio shot Rima from afar.
Antonio shot Rima in the shoulder.
Antonio shot his sister.
Antonio should be burnt at the stake.
Antonio should rather focus on finding a suitable wife.
Antonio showed Rima a little game.
Antonio showed Rima some files.
Antonio showed Rima the button.
Antonio showed no remorse.
Antonio showed nothing but contempt.
Antonio showed remorse.
Antonio showed the footage to his boss.
Antonio showed the sheriff the fake prescription.
Antonio simply bid goodbye and left.
Antonio slowly started falling asleep.
Antonio smashed his head.
Antonio snuck into the camp.
Antonio spat on the book.
Antonio speaks many different languages.
Antonio spent his last night with Rima.
Antonio stabbed Rima in the chest.
Antonio stabbed Rima in the stomach.
Antonio stabbed Rima to her death.
Antonio started a fire.
Antonio started bawling.
Antonio started cursing and swearing at the soldiers in frustration.
Antonio started having convulsions.
Antonio started his new term.
Antonio started liking and complimenting Rima.
Antonio started practicing karate moves.
Antonio started to apologize.
Antonio stayed mute.
Antonio stiffened.
Antonio still kept Walid as a mentor.
Antonio still loves Rima.
Antonio still obsessed over Rima.
Antonio still remembers how to operate a tank.
Antonio still retains the skills to drive a tank.
Antonio still wants to escape.
Antonio still wants to stay.
Antonio stole a baby bottle from a neighbor’s kid.
Antonio stole some supplies.
Antonio stopped Rima midway.
Antonio stopped before it was too late.
Antonio stopped them.
Antonio submitted the report to the principal.
Antonio succumbed to Rima’s charms yet again.
Antonio suffered from Dawn syndrome.
Antonio suffered the same fate.
Antonio supported Rima’s actions.
Antonio supported Rima’s project.
Antonio supports Rima and believes her.
Antonio tackled Rima to the ground.
Antonio taught Rima a new kung fu style.
Antonio taught Rima kung fu through some peculiar exercises.
Antonio taught Rima some judo throws.
Antonio taught Rima the best kung fu techniques.
Antonio taught Rima.
Antonio terminated the subject.
Antonio tested his new kung fu styles.
Antonio thanked his students for helping him.
Antonio thought Rima was not home.
Antonio thought Rima was pulling a prank.
Antonio thought about it.
Antonio thought no one was home.
Antonio threatened Rima with a gun.
Antonio threw Rima out the window.
Antonio threw Rima to the ground.
Antonio threw his children away.
Antonio threw the relic from the boat.
Antonio threw the relic overboard.
Antonio tied Rima to a tree.
Antonio tied Rima with a rope.
Antonio told Rima a bit about his family.
Antonio told Rima about the shooting.
Antonio told Rima about what happened to him at night.
Antonio told Rima he loved her.
Antonio told Rima his real name.
Antonio told Rima how much he liked her.
Antonio told Rima not to worry about him.
Antonio told Rima that he knew who she was.
Antonio told Rima that her time would come.
Antonio told Rima that it wasn’t his fault.
Antonio told Rima that the military had her son.
Antonio told Rima the history of his clan.
Antonio told Rima to come by the store tonight.
Antonio told Rima to cut down on sugar.
Antonio told Rima to follow the trail.
Antonio told Rima to go.
Antonio told Rima to leave Walid alone.
Antonio told Rima to record Walid.
Antonio told Rima to stop doing that.
Antonio told Rima to stop spying on him.
Antonio told Rima to stop watching that.
Antonio told Rima what he was looking for.
Antonio told Rima where he was.
Antonio told everyone.
Antonio told that guy to stop staring at Rima.
Antonio told the students to get out.
Antonio took Martha fishing.
Antonio took Rima away on his bike.
Antonio took Rima out on a date.
Antonio took Rima to a house in the woods.
Antonio took Rima to an abandoned building.
Antonio took Rima to an amusement park.
Antonio took Rima to his office.
Antonio took Rima to the amusement park.
Antonio took Rima’s veil off.
Antonio took Rima’s virginity.
Antonio took a bath.
Antonio took care of Rima.
Antonio took care of the queen.
Antonio took footage of the dead bodies.
Antonio took his mom's phone and hid under the table.
Antonio took most of the soldiers with him.
Antonio took part in a racing game.
Antonio took the camera and broke it.
Antonio took the deputy’s gun and ran away.
Antonio took the gun.
Antonio took the money with him.
Antonio took the risk and walked inside.
Antonio took the students to the cafeteria.
Antonio took the teacher hostage.
Antonio touched Rima’s face.
Antonio touched Rima’s hair.
Antonio traded places with Rima.
Antonio treated Rima like trash.
Antonio tried his best to survive.
Antonio tried to abandon the baby in the middle of a busy street.
Antonio tried to chase Rima but she successfully escaped.
Antonio tried to escape the time loop.
Antonio tried to fix the robot.
Antonio tried to make the cyborg look more human.
Antonio tried to sell the bags.
Antonio tried to stop Rima.
Antonio tried to stop the fight.
Antonio turned around.
Antonio turned out to be just another friend of Walid.
Antonio ultimately got the upper hand.
Antonio used a forged prescription to buy medication.
Antonio used only one hand to do that.
Antonio used the instrument on Rima.
Antonio used the toy on Rima.
Antonio violently pulled Rima out of her car.
Antonio visited Rima at the hospital.
Antonio visited Rima in Area 5.
Antonio visited Rima to talk about his dying cat.
Antonio visited Rima’s house to talk to her parents.
Antonio visited the camp later.
Antonio visited the city.
Antonio volunteered to sneak into the camp.
Antonio vomited water.
Antonio wailed in pain.
Antonio walked all the way there with Rima in his arms.
Antonio walked down the hallway.
Antonio walked into Rima’s garage.
Antonio walked into the teachers-only lounge.
Antonio walked past them.
Antonio wanted to avoid being selected.
Antonio wanted to get help but failed.
Antonio wanted to get intimate with Rima.
Antonio wanted to impress the queen.
Antonio wanted to live his whole life in Algeria.
Antonio wanted to make a scene.
Antonio wanted to meet Rima in real life.
Antonio wanted to open a beauty shop.
Antonio wanted to overcome his dilemma.
Antonio wanted to punish Rima for that.
Antonio wanted to show Rima the file.
Antonio wants to be with Rima.
Antonio wants to find a better life.
Antonio wants to go alone.
Antonio wants to leave.
Antonio wants to live.
Antonio wants to see Rima.
Antonio was Rima’s childhood lover.
Antonio was a Crusader.
Antonio was a deranged man.
Antonio was a former Crusader.
Antonio was a former Soviet soldier.
Antonio was a mute laborer.
Antonio was a proud womanizer.
Antonio was a tank driver.
Antonio was able to detect the tank.
Antonio was able to recover from severe burns in four months.
Antonio was about to fall into a deep hole.
Antonio was about to give up.
Antonio was about to leave.
Antonio was absent for quite a while.
Antonio was accompanied by a man named Walid.
Antonio was afraid to die.
Antonio was already training.
Antonio was also carrying weapons.
Antonio was an aspiring actor.
Antonio was an imposter.
Antonio was apparently unconcerned.
Antonio was applauded by the students as he made his way out.
Antonio was asked to please the queen.
Antonio was attacked by the zombies.
Antonio was back to writing in his diary.
Antonio was being removed from the car.
Antonio was being treated.
Antonio was bewildered.
Antonio was born into a supportive family.
Antonio was burnt at the stake for heresy.
Antonio was carrying food.
Antonio was caught red-handed.
Antonio was cheating with Rima.
Antonio was cleaning around the castle.
Antonio was cleaning his camera lens.
Antonio was clearly unconscious.
Antonio was concerned about Rima.
Antonio was convinced that Rima was still inside the building.
Antonio was dedicated to his work.
Antonio was deep in thought.
Antonio was devastated.
Antonio was disappointed with the results.
Antonio was disguised as a normal person.
Antonio was disgusted by the violent nature of the legionnaires.
Antonio was disgusting and pathetic.
Antonio was displeased.
Antonio was doing something with the horse.
Antonio was driving the cart.
Antonio was eating Rima’s flesh.
Antonio was eating some delicious food.
Antonio was ecstatic to meet Rima.
Antonio was eliminated.
Antonio was fixing the billboard.
Antonio was full of disappointment.
Antonio was furious to see Rima.
Antonio was furious.
Antonio was getting prepared to be executed.
Antonio was getting ready in his room.
Antonio was going to call off the franchise.
Antonio was holding an Easter egg.
Antonio was immediately taken to the medic.
Antonio was in chains.
Antonio was in critical financial conditions.
Antonio was in the middle of an open field.
Antonio was in the middle of talking to Rima when the phone rang.
Antonio was in the middle of the group.
Antonio was in the operating room.
Antonio was infected by the virus.
Antonio was infuriated by Rima’s behavior.
Antonio was inside the police car, handcuffed.
Antonio was interrupted by the commander.
Antonio was kept safe at home.
Antonio was killed by that man.
Antonio was killed in action five years ago.
Antonio was kind enough to offer Rima water.
Antonio was laughing at Rima’s stupidity.
Antonio was laying on the ground.
Antonio was leaning by a tree.
Antonio was leaving on a bicycle.
Antonio was led to the door.
Antonio was left behind.
Antonio was looking after his daughter who suffered from Down syndrome.
Antonio was looking for his brother.
Antonio was making another speech about work.
Antonio was more into the girl.
Antonio was mute.
Antonio was nearly caught by his wife.
Antonio was nicknamed "Pitbull."
Antonio was no longer in his lab.
Antonio was not allowed to practice karate.
Antonio was not fooled Rima’s tactics.
Antonio was not operating that tank.
Antonio was observing Rima closing.
Antonio was on a bike.
Antonio was on his way bed.
Antonio was on the phone.
Antonio was on the street.
Antonio was one of the passengers.
Antonio was operating that tank.
Antonio was ordered to take a rest.
Antonio was overpowered.
Antonio was planning to betray Rima.
Antonio was possibly dead.
Antonio was present.
Antonio was ready to fight.
Antonio was ready.
Antonio was recording.
Antonio was relentlessly stabbing Rima.
Antonio was repairing his bike.
Antonio was replaced by a child.
Antonio was restrained to a chair.
Antonio was returning home.
Antonio was safe.
Antonio was seen at a party dining with Rima.
Antonio was seen in front of Rima.
Antonio was seen visiting Rima’s tomb.
Antonio was seen walking with a plastered arm.
Antonio was severely injured.
Antonio was severely treated.
Antonio was shot with a cattle gun.
Antonio was sick because of the contaminated water.
Antonio was singing for the crowd.
Antonio was sitting beside Rima’s body.
Antonio was sitting on an outdoor bench.
Antonio was so dependent on his father.
Antonio was soon joined by Rima.
Antonio was speaking with Rima.
Antonio was stammering in fear.
Antonio was still a formidable opponent.
Antonio was still alive in the aftermath of the explosion.
Antonio was still mentoring Rima.
Antonio was still on his way.
Antonio was still tied to the bed.
Antonio was stripped down to his underwear.
Antonio was struck by lightning.
Antonio was struggling with the death of his mother.
Antonio was struggling.
Antonio was stuck in a time loop.
Antonio was stuck in another room.
Antonio was stuck in the time loop forever.
Antonio was suddenly interrupted by Rima.
Antonio was suffering from amnesia.
Antonio was taken to Algeria.
Antonio was talking nonsense.
Antonio was talking to his parents.
Antonio was teaching the pupils.
Antonio was the commander of the clan.
Antonio was the man of Rima’s dreams.
Antonio was the queen’s escort.
Antonio was the wizard in the school play.
Antonio was tied hostage to a tree.
Antonio was too sick to compete.
Antonio was totally unimpressed.
Antonio was trying his best to connect his son to activities like hunting and fishing.
Antonio was trying to make up for his rude behavior.
Antonio was unharmed.
Antonio was unimpressed by Rima’s little play.
Antonio was unimpressed.
Antonio was very grateful to his mother.
Antonio was waiting at the entrance.
Antonio was walking on the opposite side.
Antonio was wandering alone.
Antonio was wasting his seeds on prostitutes.
Antonio was watching a show.
Antonio was wearing a Spider-Man costume.
Antonio was willing to answer those questions.
Antonio was willing to risk everything to save Rima.
Antonio was writing something in his diary.
Antonio wasn’t admitted to the hospital because he lacked papers.
Antonio wasn’t swayed by Rima’s accusations.
Antonio watched a drama movie.
Antonio watched a horror film.
Antonio watched in horror.
Antonio watched the news.
Antonio welcomed Rima to the team.
Antonio went back home, confused.
Antonio went hunting.
Antonio went inside his lab.
Antonio went into the deep hole.
Antonio went on the defensive.
Antonio went out to town.
Antonio went swimming.
Antonio went to a car wash.
Antonio went to a dinner party.
Antonio went to a donut factory.
Antonio went to a public phone to call his mom.
Antonio went to converse with the doctor.
Antonio went to jail while Walid enjoyed his freedom.
Antonio went to see what was wrong.
Antonio went to si tat the table.
Antonio went to the Berber classroom.
Antonio went to the casino instead.
Antonio went to the electrical room to disable the alarm.
Antonio went to the market to get wine.
Antonio went to the most dangerous place in town.
Antonio went to the shopping mall.
Antonio went to the table.
Antonio will attend the next council meeting.
Antonio will be freed this evening.
Antonio will be sacrificed.
Antonio will be sterilized.
Antonio will go to hell.
Antonio will pay twice.
Antonio wished Rima goodbye.
Antonio witnessed this.
Antonio woke them up.
Antonio woke up from a nightmare.
Antonio wondered how he got lost.
Antonio wore an evil clown mask.
Antonio yelled at the customers.
Antonio's experience on the website is marred by the cruel and unwarranted attacks he faces from other users.
Antonio's self-esteem has taken a severe hit due to the constant bullying he endures on the website.
Antonio’s Soviet tank could have single-handedly destroyed four German tanks.
Antonio’s and Rima’s clans lived in peace and harmony.
Antonio’s biggest fear isn’t snakes and spiders.
Antonio’s body appeared to be lifeless.
Antonio’s car was about to fall into a deep hole.
Antonio’s clan is about to invade Rima’s village.
Antonio’s clan looted the poor.
Antonio’s clan organized a death fight.
Antonio’s company is worth billions of dollars.
Antonio’s cyborg is becoming more and more human.
Antonio’s daughter was suffering from Down syndrome.
Antonio’s expression changed.
Antonio’s home exploded and crashed to the ground.
Antonio’s house was on fire.
Antonio’s mother looks like Rima.
Antonio’s movie was released in Algeria.
Antonio’s name appeared first on the screen.
Antonio’s name was called for a transfer.
Antonio’s parents neglected him.
Antonio’s plan backfired.
Antonio’s research will be used for making weapons for the government.
Antonio’s rifle was empty.
Antonio’s robot makes its own decisions.
Antonio’s robot was committed to him.
Antonio’s share is bigger than Rima’s.
Antonio’s sickness seemed to worsen.
Antonio’s sickness worsened.
Antonio’s tank was attacked by an Abrams.
Antonio’s truck got attacked by the tank.
Antonio’s truck was attacked by a tank.
Antony was talking nonsense.
Ants and bees are examples of industry and harmony.
Ants and giraffes are distant cousins.
Ants and giraffes are distant relatives.
Ants appeared.
Ants are insects.
Ants are social insects.
Ants are swarming around the sugar.
Ants are the preferred dish of aardvarks.
Ants can lift things that are more than 50 times their own weight.
Ants collect food for their colonies.
Ants have a well-organized society.
Ants have come back.
Ants have six legs.
Ants like sugar.
Ants like to tunnel the ground.
Ants love figs.
Ants love sugar.
Ants never truly sleep.
Ants showed up again.
Ants stock food inside tunnels.
Ants were crawling on the fig.
Ants work away during summer.
Ants work hard all summer.
Ants, termites and bees are social animals.
Antwerp is a city in Belgium.
Antwon was talking nonsense.
Antwone was talking nonsense.
Anxiety about immigration is one of the reasons why Great Britain voted to leave the European Union.
Anxiety blocks me.
Anxiety destroys us.
Anxiety gnaws at us.
Anxiety is a public problem today.
Anxiety is the most common mental health disorder in the United States.
Anxiety is the worst demon in life.
Anxiety lined his face.
Anxiety overwhelms us.
Anxiety refuses to leave him...
Anxiety rushed through Ziri's body.
Anxiety should never be a part of the learning process.
Anxious for a quick decision, the chairman called for a vote.
Anxious researchers with the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency Tuesday said they have received a capsule containing samples collected from an asteroid after traveling five billion kilometers back to Earth.
Any Jew who criticizes Zionism is labelled as a "self-hating Jew."
Any RPGs that you're into?
Any act whatever of a man, which causes damage to another, obliges the one by whose fault it occurred to compensate it.
Any activity you need to accomplish will take more time than you have.
Any advice would be most welcome.
Any advice would be welcome.
Any advice would help.
Any allergies?
Any alteration to this certificate renders it invalid and use of an altered certificate could constitute a criminal offence.
Any alteration to this certificate renders it invalid, and use of an altered certificate could constitute a criminal offence.
Any amount of information will do.
Any amount of money will be welcome.
Any amount of money will do.
Any apartment will do as long as the rent is reasonable.
Any argument is valid as long as you can back it up.
Any artist can portray the beauty of a city, he says, but she encouraged him to reveal more than what may be visible.
Any attempt at reconciliation was immediately nipped in the bud.
Any attempt at reconciliation was nipped in the bud.
Any attempt at recovering the bodies was absolutely hopeless, and there, deep down in that dreadful caldron of swirling water and seething foam, will lie for all time the most dangerous criminal and the foremost champion of the law of their generation.
Any bed is better than no bed.
Any beginning is difficult.
Any book will be OK as long as it's interesting.
Any book will be okay as long as it is interesting.
Any book will do as long as it is amusing.
Any book will do as long as it is instructive.
Any book will do as long as it is interesting.
Any book will do provided it is interesting.
Any book will do, so long as it is interesting.
Any book will do.
Any bottle of wine is half price.
Any boy or girl can do it.
Any boy who should do that would be sneered.
Any brute can destroy a stable, but it takes a carpenter to build one.
Any car at all will be suitable, as long as it works.
Any car whatever will do, provided it can be driven.
Any car will do, as long as it runs.
Any carrion lying around is visited by the hyena.
Any chair will do.
Any chance of the parcel getting there by Saturday?
Any chance of us getting approved?
Any chance you know where I put my keys?
Any change to the status of Jerusalem's holy sites could spark a major international conflict.
Any changes to the menu should be discussed with the head chef.
Any child can answer that.
Any child can do that.
Any child can enjoy the story.
Any child could do that.
Any child knows it.
Any child knows that.
Any child old enough to know that some men are married to women is old enough to know that some men are married to men and some women are married to women.
Any child who has watched an Idol show has seen more sexually suggestive things than they'll ever see at a drag queen story hour.
Any clever boy can do it.
Any clues?
Any comments are welcome.
Any comments will be gratefully appreciated.
Any comments, suggestions, or complaints?
Any coward can fight a battle when he's sure of winning; but give me the man who has pluck to fight when he's sure of losing.
Any dance looks beautiful, if it's danced from the heart.
Any day besides Monday works for me.
Any day will do except Monday.
Any day would be alright with me.
Any destiny, however long and complicated it may be, in fact, consists of a single moment: the one in which man knows, and will never forget, who he is.
Any dish will do if it is delicious.
Any doctor will tell you to quit smoking.
Any donkey can destroy a stable, but you need a carpenter to build it.
Any doubt should benefit the accused.
Any doubts about the validity of this argument are promptly forgotten once we see the data.
Any drugs or weapons?
Any effort you make to stop me is futile.
Any electrical device, if used improperly, has the potential for causing fire, electrical shock or personal injury.
Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.
Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
Any fever?
Any flower will do as long as it's pretty.
Any flower will do as long as it's red.
Any flower will do, so long as it is red.
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain—and most fools do. But it takes character and self-control to be understanding and forgiving.
Any fool knows that.
Any further comment is redundant.
Any further commentary is redundant.
Any further comments are redundant.
Any further discussion is pointless.
Any further queries should be made via the customer service number below.
Any gentleman would not use such language.
Any geometric programming problem can be transformed into a convex one.
Any girl can look glamorous. All you have to do is stand still and look stupid.
Any good negotiator plays his cards close to the vest.
Any good theory of justice must consider the question of fairness.
Any goods can be supplied at a day's notice.
Any goods can be supplied at a day’s notice.
Any help is better than no help.
Any help is welcome.
Any help will be appreciated.
Any help would be appreciated.
Any hint of separatism in Algeria should be crushed.
Any homogeneous cycle has a period and a frequency.
Any house is better than none.
Any human can be a dead body.
Any idea when Tom will get here?
Any idea where Tom is?
Any idea where Tom might be now?
Any idea where my striped sweater went?
Any ideas on how to fix this would be appreciated.
Any ideas on how to fix this?
Any ideas will be appreciated!
Any improvement is good.
Any industrial property rights relating to the Product Specification shall belong to ABC Inc.
Any initiative is enthusiastically welcomed.
Any input would be appreciated!
Any input would be appreciated.
Any insight would be appreciated.
Any insult leads to death.
Any interesting book is a good book.
Any invention that allows dumb people to remain dumb is great news for the few people who actually strive to become smarter.
Any jackass can kick down a barn, but it takes a carpenter to build one.
Any jazz band worth its salt should know what to do if you ask them to play something over the twelve-bar blues.
Any job is better than no job.
Any kid could do that.
Any kind of bullying is not okay.
Any kind of change would help.
Any kind of communication with Tom proved to be impossible.
Any kind of cooperation with Tom is impossible.
Any kind of excess is harmful.
Any kind of loss can be some kind of gain.
Any knife is better than no knife.
Any leader who's shooting at their own people is not in good shape.
Any leftover part of the meteoroid that does strike the Earth is called a meteorite.
Any letters for me?
Any little bit would help.
Any living language is subject to constant change.
Any luck?
Any magazine will do.
Any man that tries to rob me of my dignity will lose.
Any man wearing a toupee fears a windy day.
Any man who came with something similar to what you have brought was treated with hostility.
Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves.
Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty lady is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves.
Any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in Mankind; and therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee.
Any member can make use of these facilities.
Any member of the University has right to use the library services showing personal identification card or university badge.
Any member of this group can help you.
Any milk or sugar?
Any money Layla made went up in smoke.
Any more breakage and you'll never curate a blown glass exhibit in this town again!
Any more breakage and you’ll never curate a blown glass exhibit in this town again!
Any murder is gruesome but this one was especially heinous.
Any mushroom can be eaten, but some only once.
Any neutrinos traveling faster than light would radiate energy away, leaving a wake of slower particles analogous to the sonic boom of a supersonic fighter jet.
Any new adventures?
Any new cheeses?
Any new jokes?
Any news about Tom?
Any news on Tom?
Any news?
Any night the sun can come out.
Any normal man can work as a dwarf in a Swedish circus.
Any normal person definitely does not understand such sentences. They go in one ear and out the other.
Any object that gets too close to a black hole will be pulled inside it.
Any of them or none of them?
Any of these books will be helpful to you.
Any of us could suffer from malnutrition and not know it!
Any of you can do it.
Any offence against himself he forgave readily.
Any one of us could do it.
Any one of us could do that.
Any one of us could suffer from malnutrition without being aware of it!
Any one of us could suffer from malnutrition without knowing it!
Any one of you want to come here and redo what I did?
Any one on seeing that would have been strengthened.
Any orders you place with us will be processed promptly.
Any other bright ideas?
Any other questions?
Any paper will do.
Any paper you read will tell the same story.
Any person wanting to play tennis grab my finger!
Any person whatever can tell the way to the temple.
Any person who excavates, removes, damages, alters, or defaces archeological resources on federal land is subject to fine and/or arrest.
Any phone calls for me while I was out?
Any place is good for sleeping.
Any place will do.
Any plan for tomorrow afternoon?
Any plans tonight?
Any play opening to bad reviews won't last long.
Any play opening to bad reviews won’t last long.
Any political party is conservative in itself.
Any politician who does not toe the main party line would be branded a renegade.
Any port in a storm.
Any post for me?
Any potential competitor needs to have strong technical specifications, functionality and visual appeal.
Any problem can be solved if you are persistent and patient.
Any problem that can be resolved with money isn't a problem, but the problem is that I'm poor.
Any problem that can be resolved with money isn’t a problem, but the problem is that I’m poor.
Any problems?
Any professor who is bored by everything bores all of his or her students.
Any questions about the assignment?
Any questions about the handling of money on this ship need to be referred to the purser, not the captain.
Any questions?
Any rational explanation of attraction is nonsense.
Any real number other than zero raised to the zeroth power produces one.
Any reasonable person knows that it's not a good idea to do something like that.
Any religion or philosophy can be cynically exploited by the powerful.
Any religion or philosophy can be taken to excess.
Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
Any restoration will have to consider the artistic and ecclesiastical heritage of Notre Dame.
Any result obtained through the execution of the Commissioned Business shall belong to each party hereto.
Any sacrifice of a piece, including the queen, is worth making if it gives you conditions to force checkmate.
Any saddle may be adjusted to be comfortable, but saddles seldom remain comfortable after being adjusted.
Any sampling of LGB people is going to include trans people.
Any seat will do.
Any showers today will potentially be thundery.
Any shows you've binged recently?
Any sign of Tom?
Any simple graph can be treated as a subset of the set of all two-element subsets of the set of its vertices.
Any society not enlightened by philosophers is fooled by quacks.
Any song sung in French puts me in a sexy mood.
Any sort of bullying is not OK.
Any student can answer that question.
Any student can solve this problem.
Any student could solve this problem.
Any student in our college can use the computer.
Any student needing more information should contact their course supervisor, who will give them more details.
Any student of this school must learn one more foreign language besides English.
Any student who wishes to review his grades may make an appointment with the college dean.
Any student with an I.D. card has access to the library.
Any stupid boy can stamp on a beetle, but all the professors in the world cannot create a beetle.
Any such event is represented with respect to the co-ordinate system K by the abscissa x and the time t, and with respect to the system K′ by the abscissa x′ and the time t′.
Any such objection must be referred to the chairman of the meeting, whose decision is final.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Any suggestion would help.
Any suggestions and ideas are welcome.
Any suggestions would be helpful.
Any suggestions?
Any surgical procedure carries risks.
Any suspect case is considered a public health emergency due to the severity of this illness.
Any table will do.
Any takers?
Any task may become an ordeal.
Any task may become painful.
Any teacher that can be replaced by a machine should be.
Any thoughts of hurting anyone else?
Any thoughts of hurting yourself?
Any time Felix looked back, the coast was clear.
Any time I caught myself thinking negatively, I would rephrase the thought in a way that was more positive.
Any time I see blood, I faint!
Any time I talk to Tom, the first thing he does is vent about his landlord.
Any time is OK.
Any time will do so long as it is after six.
Any time will suit me.
Any time would be fine.
Any time you go into battle, you need to know the enemy.
Any time you need anything, just let me know.
Any time you need help, just let me know.
Any time you need something, just let me know.
Any time you want to borrow my car, all you have to do is ask.
Any time you're in Kabylie, drop in.
Any time.
Any translation is an annexation.
Any translation, however good, will clearly fall short of the original.
Any traveler to Vietnam will be familiar with the experience: A trip here is not complete until the traveler ventures to cross the intimidating roads that heave with motorbikes, only to find that drivers will weave around the pedestrian and that there is in fact some order in the seeming chaos of the street.
Any trouble Tom has ever gotten into was caused by alcohol.
Any trouble Tom's ever gotten into was caused by alcohol.
Any truly influential person will have a fair share of detractors.
Any truth is better than indefinite doubt.
Any turnaround of the economy is not expected this year.
Any unauthorized exhibition, distribution, or copying of this film or any part thereof may result in civil liability and criminal prosecution.
Any undertaking is difficult.
Any unessential travel to affected countries must be called off or postponed to a later date.
Any universe simple enough to be understood is too simple to produce a mind able to understand it.
Any update on this?
Any virtuous idea can be vicious in itself.
Any volunteers?
Any war is a conflict of interests where the most affected are the poor.
Any watch will do as long as it is cheap.
Any watch will do as long as it's cheap.
Any watch will do, so long as it's cheap.
Any watch will do, so long as it’s cheap.
Any way you do, the outcome is no different.
Any wealth saved counts.
Any weapon is better than no weapon.
Any whole number can be written as a fraction.
Any woman would look great in a Kabyle dress.
Any word from Mary?
Any word from Tom?
Any word in Esperanto is easy to read.
Any wristwatch is fine if it's not too expensive.
Anybody and everybody wants to go abroad.
Anybody can be good in the country. There are no temptations there.
Anybody can become famous.
Anybody can contribute their ideas.
Anybody can do that.
Anybody can do this.
Anybody can join.
Anybody can learn French if they study hard enough.
Anybody can learn French.
Anybody can learn to cook if they really want to.
Anybody can make a mistake.
Anybody can participate.
Anybody can propose a word. A group of experts will decide whether it should be added.
Anybody can read it.
Anybody can say that.
Anybody can solve that problem.
Anybody can take part.
Anybody can try.
Anybody can use it.
Anybody could do this.
Anybody could install a towel rack.
Anybody could slip up like that.
Anybody could've gotten it wrong.
Anybody else would have done the same thing.
Anybody else would've done the same thing.
Anybody got a better idea?
Anybody got a hanky?
Anybody have a match?
Anybody here?
Anybody home?
Anybody hurt?
Anybody in here?
Anybody is better than nobody.
Anybody knows it.
Anybody knows who Florence is?
Anybody may do that.
Anybody may participate in the event.
Anybody may participate.
Anybody may sit on this bench.
Anybody miss me?
Anybody see you?
Anybody that motivates you to be better is someone who's worth keeping close.
Anybody wanna go to Disneyland with me?
Anybody wanna grab something to eat with me?
Anybody want a beer?
Anybody want a lift?
Anybody want to bet?
Anybody want to take a walk to the sea?
Anybody who considers themselves too important for small jobs is usually too small for important jobs.
Anybody who doesn't want to go, doesn't have to.
Anybody who feels cold can have another blanket.
Anybody who feels cold can take another blanket.
Anybody who likes to cook already knows this.
Anybody who once proclaimed violence to be his method, must inexorably choose lie as his principle.
Anybody who says that is a liar.
Anybody who shows up late has to chug!
Anybody who wants this book can be given it.
Anybody who wants to can sign up.
Anybody who wants to come is invited.
Anybody who wants to come is welcome.
Anybody who wants to leave early may do so.
Anybody who wants to may sign up.
Anybody will do.
Anybody with at least a two-digit IQ knows this was a politically biased choice.
Anybody would be better than nobody.
Anybody would do the same in my place.
Anyhow I will see him.
Anyhow it will be a good idea to hurry up.
Anyhow let’s begin.
Anyhow, I'm relieved the test is over.
Anyhow, I’m relieved the test is over.
Anyhow, don't make me one.
Anyhow, don’t make me one.
Anyhow, having been held in school from morning to evening ... anybody'd be happy on getting released.
Anyhow, having been held in school from morning to evening ... anybody’d be happy on getting released.
Anyhow, he may now be in Paris.
Anyhow, it's the truth that on this snowy night a lone old woman was sitting on the side of the road.
Anyhow, just why is it that I have to be sent out in the middle of the night to buy a canned drink?
Anyhow, let's begin.
Anyhow, lunch ... is where I wanted to go but I decided to go to the toilet first.
Anyhow, we'll meet in the evening.
Anyi and Asun are two brothers.
Anymore questions?
Anyone at any age can learn Esperanto.
Anyone breaking the rules will be asked to leave on the spot.
Anyone but Cinderella would have dressed their hair awry, but she was good-natured, and arranged it perfectly well.
Anyone can adopt sentences in dead languages like Latin or artificial languages like Toki Pona and Esperanto.
Anyone can ask a question.
Anyone can attend my lectures, but not everyone can understand them.
Anyone can attend this free event.
Anyone can be deceived.
Anyone can beat anyone.
Anyone can become famous.
Anyone can befriend whoever they want.
Anyone can come across this.
Anyone can come in.
Anyone can come to Algiers.
Anyone can compete in the races.
Anyone can cook if they really want to.
Anyone can count the seeds in an apple, but only God can count the number of apples in a seed.
Anyone can cultivate their interest in music.
Anyone can do it as long as they try.
Anyone can do it easily.
Anyone can do it if they try.
Anyone can do it.
Anyone can do that if they try.
Anyone can do that.
Anyone can do their bit to protect the environment.
Anyone can do this.
Anyone can freely express themselves.
Anyone can get head lice.
Anyone can handle that.
Anyone can help.
Anyone can hurt a painter.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can learn Berber.
Anyone can learn French if they study hard enough.
Anyone can learn French.
Anyone can learn to cook if they really want to.
Anyone can learn to juggle with a bit of practice.
Anyone can make a mistake.
Anyone can make a speech here on Sundays.
Anyone can make mistakes.
Anyone can make that claim!
Anyone can manage that.
Anyone can master Berber.
Anyone can offend Mary, but not everyone will be able to escape.
Anyone can offend an artist's sensibilities, but no one seems to wish to support artists financially.
Anyone can participate in the event.
Anyone can participate in the game, no matter what nationality they are.
Anyone can participate.
Anyone can produce salt from seawater with a simple experiment.
Anyone can run for class president.
Anyone can say anything they want on the Internet.
Anyone can say that!
Anyone can say that.
Anyone can see that.
Anyone can see.
Anyone can sign up if they want to.
Anyone can sign up.
Anyone can sing.
Anyone can support this project with a monetary donation.
Anyone can take part.
Anyone can talk to me.
Anyone can tell the truth, but only very few of us can make epigrams.
Anyone can tell your interest is genuine.
Anyone can use it.
Anyone can use this dictionary.
Anyone can volunteer.
Anyone can wear a brassiere but no one should feel like they have to.
Anyone can write a wall of text. But it takes skill to boil your argument down to a few key points.
Anyone can write his own name.
Anyone can wrong a painter.
Anyone cherishes his native town in his heart.
Anyone could do it.
Anyone could do that if they tried.
Anyone could do that.
Anyone could have done what you did.
Anyone could have made it.
Anyone could just walk in.
Anyone could see that.
Anyone could see they were together.
Anyone could've bought one of these.
Anyone could've done what you did.
Anyone could've gotten it wrong.
Anyone could've made it.
Anyone else think tonight's class is a complete waste of time?
Anyone else want to give it a try?
Anyone else would have done the same thing.
Anyone else would've been satisfied, but not Tom.
Anyone else would've done the same thing.
Anyone enjoys being praised.
Anyone fancy a cuppa?
Anyone fancy going for a drive?
Anyone from Bejaia?
Anyone got one of them 18 liter water jugs around here?
Anyone have a rag here?
Anyone here can beat you.
Anyone here knows how to drive?
Anyone here speaks English?
Anyone home?
Anyone hurt?
Anyone in need of a good laugh should read the Simple English version of the Wikipedia article on brackets.
Anyone in your position would've answered the same.
Anyone in your position would've given the same answer.
Anyone in your shoes would've given the same answer.
Anyone interested in volunteering should give me a call.
Anyone is welcome to join.
Anyone know where Nikolai's gone off to?
Anyone know where Nikolai’s gone off to?
Anyone known for his lies and infamy should not be invited.
Anyone knows his own name, but nobody remembers his own face.
Anyone knows if there's a laundromat in the area?
Anyone knows this travel agency?
Anyone may bid on properties sold at a foreclosure sale.
Anyone may contribute.
Anyone may do that.
Anyone may go inside.
Anyone may participate.
Anyone may run for class president.
Anyone may sing.
Anyone may use these.
Anyone may use this dictionary.
Anyone may use this.
Anyone on whom my wrath descends is indeed perished.
Anyone over eighteen years of age counts as an adult.
Anyone should be able to live anywhere.
Anyone should be allowed to live wherever they want, but you can't deny others freedom of movement while demanding it for yourself.
Anyone stuck at home and longing for some exercise can log into the Dutch National Ballet’s dance class on YouTube.
Anyone stupid enough to go there is asking for it.
Anyone taken into police custody is entitled, among other things, to a free phone call.
Anyone taller than a mile must leave the court immediately.
Anyone that enjoys animal suffering deserves to die.
Anyone up for a game of poker?
Anyone up for tennis?
Anyone wanna come around?
Anyone want a lift?
Anyone want coffee?
Anyone want the last chocolate cookie?
Anyone wanting to play hide-and-seek should come and stand here.
Anyone wanting to play hide-and-seek, take my finger.
Anyone wanting to play hide-and-seek, touch my finger.
Anyone wants to pick me up from the airport?
Anyone who believes exponential growth can go on forever in a finite world is either a madman or an economist.
Anyone who believes that conscious intelligence comes from the Big Bang is capable of believing anything.
Anyone who believes that what is written in a holy book is true even if the evidence is against it is dangerous. Christianity used to be the most dangerous religion. Now Islam is.
Anyone who breaks this rule is liable to severe punishment.
Anyone who calls for the division of Algeria is a traitor to our independence war.
Anyone who can only think of one way to spell a word obviously lacks imagination.
Anyone who comes can be admitted.
Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat.
Anyone who considers themselves too important for small jobs is usually too small for important jobs.
Anyone who could say it wasn't a good idea would be in bad faith!
Anyone who creates hassles should leave.
Anyone who criticizes him is asking for trouble.
Anyone who dares to question Zionism is automatically labelled an anti-Semite.
Anyone who dares to question Zionism, even an Israeli Jew, is automatically labelled an anti-Semite.
Anyone who disagrees with us deserves to feel bad.
Anyone who disturbs this ancient tomb will be cursed.
Anyone who does not have tools always finds the slightest problem insoluble.
Anyone who doesn't come will fail.
Anyone who doesn't know foreign languages knows nothing of his own.
Anyone who doesn't want to go, doesn't have to.
Anyone who expects gratitude in politics is an incorrigible optimist.
Anyone who feels cold can have another blanket.
Anyone who has a love of music comes from every corner of the world in order to attend the Laskala gatherings.
Anyone who has access to a brain can do this.
Anyone who has ever experienced the power of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony—or the polyphony of a Georgian folk song—knows that music can influence a person's mood.
Anyone who has just had a perm shouldn't get their hair wet.
Anyone who has made a promise should keep it.
Anyone who has never strung a spinet, clavichord, or harpsichord cannot imagine what kinds of problems can arise, from the choice of strings, to the actual stretching of the strings until they are tuned.
Anyone who has no more ideas to convey may be tempted to resort to invective.
Anyone who has played chess a few times understands how it can be engrossing in the extreme.
Anyone who has seen Kristen Bell break down in (happy) hysterics over a sloth knows the actress's affinity for animals, especially those of the cute and cuddly variety.
Anyone who ignores us may be ignored.
Anyone who increases his wealth in time of war is a war profiteer.
Anyone who is cruel to animals cannot be a good person.
Anyone who is not shocked by quantum theory has not understood it.
Anyone who is unwilling to read does not understand the joy of reading.
Anyone who isn't with me is against me.
Anyone who joins a defeated party either has character or doesn't have anything in the way of a brain.
Anyone who knows Tom has an advantage.
Anyone who lives in Algeria can watch this TV channel.
Anyone who meets him when he’s angry gets thrashed.
Anyone who misses class will fail the exam.
Anyone who now reads my sentences in Toki Pona will certainly think that I know this language well. Only my teacher knows how much it cost him to correct them.
Anyone who previously partied with the child sex trafficking-celebrity was tainted by association.
Anyone who protested, lost his job.
Anyone who reads Al-Idrisi's book will find that he divided the world into seven regions.
Anyone who really wishes to apply themselves to the freedom of mankind must have the courage to face the truth, regardless how bitter it may be.
Anyone who respects someone who respects the current president of the United States is not respected by at least one person.
Anyone who retains the ability to recognize beauty will never grow old.
Anyone who saw or heard anything is asked to contact the police.
Anyone who says A must also say B!
Anyone who says otherwise is a liar.
Anyone who says so is a liar.
Anyone who says that is a liar.
Anyone who says they have no regrets is saying, "I am a dickhead."
Anyone who speaks French knows that.
Anyone who stops improving has stopped being good.
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young.
Anyone who tells you that an English sentence is ungrammatical is almost certain to be wrong.
Anyone who thinks adult ADHD is an excuse for laziness has clearly done no in-depth reading on the subject.
Anyone who thought Tom wouldn't do this is an idiot.
Anyone who thought he was going to keep the U.S. out of war is an idiot.
Anyone who tried bullying Michael had to face me, first.
Anyone who understands what he has to say enunciates it clearly.
Anyone who uses or works with Esperanto is an Esperantist, and every Esperantist has the right to consider their language a simple medium for international comprehension.
Anyone who wants any more can help themselves.
Anyone who wants can sign up.
Anyone who wants to can sign up.
Anyone who wants to can still come.
Anyone who wants to come is invited.
Anyone who wants to come is welcome.
Anyone who wants to leave early may do so.
Anyone who wants to live here must work.
Anyone who wants to look for God will find him everywhere.
Anyone who wants to may sign up.
Anyone who wants to sign up should do so now.
Anyone who works here is a sap.
Anyone who would do such a stupid thing must be a perfect fool.
Anyone whose comfort level depends on what someone else is wearing really needs to take a long, hard look at themselves.
Anyone whose freedom is baselessly or illegally restricted has the right to compensation for their injury.
Anyone will do.
Anyone with a simple but good idea can become a millionaire in the diet industry.
Anyone with an opinion please raise their hand.
Anyone with half a brain would know that.
Anyone would be happy to work here.
Anyone would be satisfied.
Anyone would find it hard to run on such a hot day.
Anyone would have done the same thing.
Anyone would've done the same thing.
Anyone you encounter may be traumatized.
Anything I can do for you?
Anything I can help you with?
Anything Tom told us could be a lie.
Anything bad that happens is Tom's fault; anything good that happens is because of me.
Anything beyond the campfire was darkness.
Anything but that!
Anything can be a sentence under the right context. Anything.
Anything can be demonstrated using numbers.
Anything can be misconstrued.
Anything can go in a stew.
Anything can happen anytime, anywhere.
Anything can happen in the world of dreams.
Anything can happen on TV.
Anything can happen to you.
Anything can happen.
Anything could happen here.
Anything could happen in a place like this.
Anything could happen in the future.
Anything could happen.
Anything could have happened to him.
Anything else to add?
Anything else would be a miracle.
Anything else you want to say?
Anything else, sir?
Anything else?
Anything for love.
Anything goes here.
Anything having form will someday break.
Anything in the mail?
Anything in this life is meaningless.
Anything interesting happen lately?
Anything interesting on telly?
Anything is OK with me.
Anything is blissful with you. Nothing is meaningful without you.
Anything is easy when God brings help.
Anything is fine.
Anything is infinitely better than nothing.
Anything is possible if you don't know what you are talking about.
Anything is possible in Boston.
Anything is possible in life.
Anything is possible now.
Anything is possible.
Anything less is unacceptable.
Anything like a road was covered with water that had flooded out of the river.
Anything may happen now.
Anything may happen till that time.
Anything may happen to you.
Anything might happen now.
Anything might happen, so be careful.
Anything might happen.
Anything new today?
Anything new?
Anything oral is fine by me.
Anything premeditated is the worst.
Anything seemed possible back in those days.
Anything seemed possible.
Anything that begins well, ends badly. Anything that begins badly, ends worse.
Anything that can be misunderstood will be.
Anything that can be said in one natural language can be said in any other, but sometimes it takes many words to translate one word. In such cases it's often a good idea just to borrow that word.
Anything that can go wrong will.
Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong.
Anything that can go wrong, will—at the worst possible moment.
Anything that can possibly go wrong, does.
Anything that does not kill us makes us stronger.
Anything that doesn't kill us makes us stronger.
Anything that feels bigger than oneself is frightening.
Anything that feels bigger than you is scary.
Anything that feels bigger than yourself is scary.
Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung.
Anything the group decides is OK is fine with me.
Anything they say to Tatoeba can have an impact.
Anything too stupid to be said is sung.
Anything we have, we can lose.
Anything will be fine.
Anything will do.
Anything will help.
Anything worth doing is worth bungling.
Anything worth doing is worth doing badly.
Anything worth doing is worth doing well.
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
Anything would be better than this.
Anything would be fine with me.
Anything you add will be good.
Anything you can do in life can be dangerous.
Anything you can do, I can do better.
Anything you can tell me might be helpful.
Anything you can tell us would be helpful.
Anything you could do in support of their effort would be very much appreciated.
Anything you give to an ungrateful person is never enough.
Anything you have to say, you can say in front of Tom.
Anything you remember might help.
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
Anything you say can and will be used against you.
Anything you say can be used against you in court.
Anything you say can be used against you.
Anything you say may be held against you in a court of law.
Anything you say may be used against you in a court of law.
Anything you say may be used against you.
Anything you say to Tom, you can say to me.
Anything you say to me will be kept private.
Anything you want, my dear.
Anything you're good at contributes to happiness.
Anything you've got would help.
Anything's a dildo if you're brave enough.
Anything's better than nothing.
Anything's fine.
Anything's possible.
Anytime I don't take a shower, my body is itcing.
Anytime he gets it, it causes him harm.
Anytime you need a favor, call me.
Anytime you want anything, just let me know.
Anytime you want.
Anyway the event has already passed, there is no point in mentioning it again.
Anyway what are you on about? Going around sleeveless in this cold.
Anyway, I agree with Tom.
Anyway, I am grateful that we're still together.
Anyway, I appreciate that you want to help and I'm sorry if it seems like I don't recognize that.
Anyway, I decided to go.
Anyway, I did my best.
Anyway, I disagree with your opinion.
Anyway, I don't like it.
Anyway, I don’t like it.
Anyway, I gave it my best shot.
Anyway, I know that you must be busy, so let me go.
Anyway, I know you must be busy, so let me go.
Anyway, I think I've said enough.
Anyway, I think I’ve said enough.
Anyway, I won't take up any more of your time.
Anyway, I won’t take up any more of your time.
Anyway, I'll call you tomorrow.
Anyway, I'll take a chance.
Anyway, I'll tell you when he comes.
Anyway, I'm getting more experience.
Anyway, I'm glad you were able to broach this difficult subject.
Anyway, I'm just here for the night.
Anyway, I'm out of here.
Anyway, I've definitely got to see her again.
Anyway, I’ll take a chance.
Anyway, I’ll tell you when he comes.
Anyway, I’m getting more experience.
Anyway, I’m glad you were able to broach this difficult subject.
Anyway, as I was saying a minute ago, it’s your turn to buy the next drink.
Anyway, as long as it's a man, anybody should do. It's sad that you don't have a boyfriend yet.
Anyway, as long as it’s a man, anybody should do. It’s sad that you don’t have a boyfriend yet.
Anyway, at the age of 22 one knows everything, so what's the use of reading?
Anyway, he's your father.
Anyway, how can I help you?
Anyway, how can I help?
Anyway, if it just stops raining, then we might be able to go out.
Anyway, if you want to do it, then you should do it.
Anyway, if you want to know more about my country, I'll send you a letter when I get home.
Anyway, if you want to know more about my country, I’ll send you a letter when I get home.
Anyway, it all worked out.
Anyway, it doesn't apply to you.
Anyway, it is better to hurry.
Anyway, it's a shame that you do not read letters.
Anyway, it's at least better than feeding bread to wild ducks.
Anyway, it's better to be a square something than a round nothing.
Anyway, it's my problem.
Anyway, it's not applicable to you.
Anyway, it's not your problem.
Anyway, it's your mother.
Anyway, let's take a look.
Anyway, my game is like not as complicated as this is.
Anyway, please come in.
Anyway, she didn't get what she hoped for.
Anyway, she didn’t get what she hoped for.
Anyway, she's right on that score.
Anyway, somehow you succeeded.
Anyway, that must have been good.
Anyway, the bat that is believed to be the source of the COVID-19 virus will have flabbergasted us, since no one expected it.
Anyway, the bat that is believed to be the source of the COVID-19 virus will have stunned us, since no one expected it.
Anyway, three against one is unfair.
Anyway, to get to what I wanted to ask you...it's about the party. Are you free Friday?
Anyway, to get to what I wanted to ask you...it’s about the party. Are you free Friday?
Anyway, we don't need a person like he.
Anyway, we started.
Anyway, we'll see each other tomorrow.
Anyway, we'll talk it over tomorrow.
Anyway, we've started.
Anyway, we’ll talk it over tomorrow.
Anyway, you don't have to worry.
Anyway, you get the idea.
Anyway, you'll never know.
Anyway, you're my friend.
Anyway, you're wrong.
Anyway, you’ll never know.
Anyway, you’re my friend.
Anyway.
Anyways, people get jealous over stupid stuff.
Anyways, thanks for coming to my TED Talk.
Anyways, that's not that important.
Anyways, we have no other choice.
Anywhere Donald goes, he has a book with him.
Anywhere I go, I am there.
Anywhere I lived in Algeria, it was cold at night.
Anywhere else in the world, this would be a fisherman's dream, rivers so abundant with fish they jump out of the water, and often right into the boat. But these are not the kind of fish that get anglers in the United States excited. They are known as Asian Carp and the explosion of their population in the Illinois River is a concern to large-river ecologist Kevin Irons.
Anywhere is a good place to rest.
Anywhere with a bed will do.
Anza is the moaning that some people hear at night, in houses where people have been slaughtered or have suffered a violent death.
Anza, these are the groans that some hear at night, in houses where people have been cut throats or have suffered a violent death.
Anzar is the god of rain among the Berbers.
Anzar is the lord of the rain.
Anzar's fiancee is beautiful.
Aného is a city in Togo.
Anísio Teixeira was born in Caetité in 1900, and died in Rio de Janeiro in 1971.
Anātman (Sanskrit; Pāli Anattā) is the essential Not-self in Buddhism. Japanese and Thais try to reconcile their Buddhist beliefs with Animistic beliefs of having multiple souls or spirits. Somehow, they do manage to do it, and they have no religious conflict. Buddhists believe in the perpetually transforming fluidity of consciousness.
Anẓar is the God of rain.
Aoga receives an honourable mention at the Kodansha Award for New Writers of Children’s Literature.
Aoi became a dancer.
Aoi dances very well.
Aoi dances well.
Aoi dances.
Aoi is a good dancer.
Aoi is a very good dancer.
Aoi's hobby is dancing.
Aoife is loved by everyone.
Aoi’s hobby is dancing.
Aokas is a commune in Bejaia.
Aomori Prefecture's capital is Aomori City.
Aomori is famous for its good apples.
Aota was not worthy of your trust.
Apache helicopters are very expensive.
Apaldetti called Ingentia not only the largest dinosaur but the biggest land animal of any kind up to that point in time.
Apart from Barack Obama, all US presidents were white.
Apart from English, Tom also speaks German.
Apart from English, he also teaches math.
Apart from English, he knows how to speak German.
Apart from English, he speaks German.
Apart from Japan, Spain is the world's largest consumer of fish.
Apart from Peter, his brothers were also there.
Apart from Tom, I don't know anyone here.
Apart from VGA and DVI, this monitor also boasts HDMI and DisplayPort input.
Apart from a couple of early setbacks, the project is progressing well.
Apart from a few errors, it's a good book.
Apart from a few faults, he is a trustworthy partner.
Apart from a few minor mistakes, your composition was excellent.
Apart from a few mistakes, it's a good book.
Apart from a few mistakes, your composition was excellent.
Apart from a few shortcomings, it's a good book.
Apart from a few small details, everything was fine.
Apart from a few small details, everything was sound as a pound.
Apart from a few spelling mistakes, it is a good composition.
Apart from a few spelling mistakes, it's a good essay.
Apart from a filing tray full of papers on the desk, everything else in the room was on the floor.
Apart from a rusty pipe, the net was empty.
Apart from a small portion of people, everyone uses the internet more than once a week.
Apart from being unlucky enough to get ALS, I have been fortunate in almost every other respect.
Apart from cats, I like animals.
Apart from chickens, do you know any other animals that cluck?
Apart from complaining all the time, what do these people do to make the project better?
Apart from earning money, I have no interest in real estate.
Apart from hearing sporadic gunfire, the day was pretty quiet.
Apart from her name, I know nothing about her.
Apart from her temper, she's all right.
Apart from her temper, she’s all right.
Apart from her, everybody answered the question.
Apart from him, no one else came to the party.
Apart from his heel, Achilles was invulnerable.
Apart from his parents, no one knows him very well.
Apart from his parents, no one knows him well.
Apart from his parents, nobody would defend the suspect.
Apart from insulin, the pancreas also produces enzymes.
Apart from its cost, the plan was a good one.
Apart from joking, what do you mean to do?
Apart from languages, I'm also interested in technology.
Apart from languages, I’m also interested in technology.
Apart from making love and reading Flaubert, nothing is more enjoyable than coining translations on Tatoeba.
Apart from my sister, my family doesn't watch TV.
Apart from my sister, my family doesn’t watch TV.
Apart from on rainy days, I always ride my bike to work.
Apart from schoolwork, I write poetry.
Apart from several windowpanes, there was no major damage.
Apart from some fruit, he hasn't eaten anything.
Apart from sports, I like listening to jazz music.
Apart from that, I always pay attention to my hand hygiene.
Apart from that, I can't really tell you anything. That's all I know.
Apart from that, I don't know anything.
Apart from that, everything is perfect.
Apart from that, is there anything else you want?
Apart from that, no one was injured.
Apart from that, thank you for emailing me the documents.
Apart from the Karaites, every Jew is a Pharisee.
Apart from the colour of their hair, they look the same.
Apart from the cost, it will take a long time to build the bridge.
Apart from the cost, it will take long to build the bridge.
Apart from the cost, the color of the tie doesn't suit me.
Apart from the cost, the color of the tie doesn’t suit me.
Apart from the cost, the dress doesn't suit me.
Apart from the cost, the dress doesn't suit you.
Apart from the cost, the dress doesn’t suit me.
Apart from the cost, the dress doesn’t suit you.
Apart from the plot, the book interested me.
Apart from the result, your intention was good.
Apart from the weather, it was a good picnic.
Apart from us, no one was there.
Apart from us, there was no one there.
Apart from us, there wasn't anyone there.
Apart from us, there's no one here.
Apart from you, I haven't seen anyone.
Apart from you, we are all poor.
Apartheid is not acceptable.
Apartheid's legacy requires persistent global action.
Apartments are very expensive in New York.
Apartments here are really cheap.
Apartments here are really expensive.
Apartments here are very cheap.
Apartments here are very expensive.
Apathy is a paralysis of the soul, a premature death.
Apathy is a paralysis of the soul, an early death.
Apathy is death.
Apathy is worse than antipathy.
Apes are intelligent.
Apes are monkeys.
Apes are our cousins and primate relatives.
Apes don't ask questions. They have everything they need.
Apes rank above dogs in intelligence.
Aphorisms are coagulations of the naked truth.
Apia is the capital of Samoa.
Apnoea is a medical term which comes from Greek; it literally means "without breath".
Apocryphal stories are the most fun variety of bullshit.
Apollinaris, doctor of Emperor Titus, took a good crap here.
Apollo 11 astronauts set up the first reflector when they made the first manned flight to the moon nearly 40 years ago.
Apollo 14 successfully completed its mission and returned to the Earth with 43.5 kilograms of lunar rocks and soil.
Apollo 16 brought back a large number of lunar rocks and soil samples.
Apollo 8, the first manned mission to the moon, entered lunar orbit on Christmas Eve, Dec. 24, 1968.
Apollo adjudged Socrates the wisest man.
Apollo astronauts—Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Mike Collins—blasted off from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida 50 years ago on the towering Saturn Five rocket to begin their journey to the moon.
Apollo is the brother of Athena.
Apollo was in constant communication with Houston Mission Control.
Apologies for all the interruptions.
Apologies for the continuous emails.
Apologies mean nothing to me.
Apologies seem foreign to your way of thinking.
Apologies, I'm very sad.
Apologies; I'm caught up with some stuff at the moment and can't reply punctually.
Apologize and then go to your room.
Apologize to Tom and go home.
Apologize to Tom and leave.
Apologize to Tom.
Apologize to her.
Apologize to him.
Apologize to my entire family.
Apologize to the teacher whenever you're late.
Apologize to them.
Apologize when you make a mistake.
Apologize.
Apologizing is a great virtue.
Apologizing isn't going to heal hundreds of second-degree burns, sir.
Apologizing isn’t going to heal hundreds of second-degree burns, sir.
Apologizing to Ziri is like climbing a mountain.
Apology accepted.
Apostasy is a human right.
Aposthia is a rare congenital condition in human males; the penile foreskin is naturally missing.
Apotropaism has hardly survived at all in the higher religions.
Apparently "the iPhone sounds the death knell for the Internet."
Apparently I don't know how to count.
Apparently I forgot the password for this site.
Apparently I'm adopted.
Apparently Tom bit his friend. What is he, a vampire or something?
Apparently Tom has already left.
Apparently Tom's death was a suicide.
Apparently Tom's father is into photography.
Apparently all that doesn't work perfectly yet, but the system is interesting.
Apparently an old friend of mine is going to a university in Osaka in Spring.
Apparently everyone was happy.
Apparently he stepped on a landmine.
Apparently he wanted to distract her.
Apparently he's been doing that all year.
Apparently he's incapable of tolerating other people's opinions.
Apparently he's sick.
Apparently his company is nearly bankrupt.
Apparently his father died abroad.
Apparently ice is lethal!
Apparently in this library are precious books that money can't buy.
Apparently in this library are precious books that money can’t buy.
Apparently it seems so.
Apparently it worked.
Apparently it's going to be scorching from Friday on.
Apparently my anti-virus software is not up to snuff.
Apparently my bare feet bothered him more than anything else.
Apparently no one noticed.
Apparently not all the chocolate was eaten.
Apparently not everyone was hungry.
Apparently once you become an octogenarian you can say what you like and get away with it. I can't wait to turn eighty.
Apparently she had a headache.
Apparently some people need my blood more than I do.
Apparently such a sentence already exists.
Apparently that shabby flat is vacant.
Apparently the First Lady may stay in New York permanently and won't ever move into the White House.
Apparently the bus was late.
Apparently the iPod nano has good sound.
Apparently the most used ATM in the Netherlands is in this town.
Apparently the present Taral is new.
Apparently the wound itself only needs a few stitches.
Apparently there are pyramids in Boston now.
Apparently there mustn't be anyone registered at a house to which one plans to move, in order for one to be able to change one's address online.
Apparently there's a cancellation charge of 30 percent.
Apparently there's not enough space.
Apparently there’s a cancellation charge of 30 percent.
Apparently they aren't given, but loaned.
Apparently they aren’t given, but loaned.
Apparently they encourage fact checking.
Apparently this cream revitalizes your skin.
Apparently we are in the same boat.
Apparently we can find Japanese speaking tanukis, koalas, foxes and rabbits here?
Apparently we're just two peas in a pod.
Apparently you all seemed ill.
Apparently you are right.
Apparently you're right.
Apparently, I can't resist you.
Apparently, I got too drunk.
Apparently, I harmed them without realizing it.
Apparently, I have a fever.
Apparently, I look too frightful to other people and they find me overly intimidating.
Apparently, I snore.
Apparently, I was wrong.
Apparently, I'm a piece of garbage.
Apparently, Leon had some kind of mental disorder.
Apparently, Mark was wrong.
Apparently, Mary doesn't like me.
Apparently, Mary had a lot on her mind, so I just left her alone.
Apparently, Robert lived in a studio apartment.
Apparently, Robert's strategy paid off.
Apparently, Tom and I were wrong.
Apparently, Tom and Mary are sick.
Apparently, Tom and Mary are still alive.
Apparently, Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
Apparently, Tom and Mary are the only ones who didn't do that.
Apparently, Tom and Mary are very good at chess.
Apparently, Tom and Mary are very good at skiing.
Apparently, Tom and Mary don't like me.
Apparently, Tom and Mary had a lot on their minds, so I just left them alone.
Apparently, Tom and Mary talked about that on Monday.
Apparently, Tom and Mary talked about that on October 20th.
Apparently, Tom and Mary used to be teachers.
Apparently, Tom and Mary were on television last night.
Apparently, Tom and Mary weren't in Boston long.
Apparently, Tom arrived alone.
Apparently, Tom committed suicide.
Apparently, Tom did the same thing.
Apparently, Tom didn't do anything yesterday.
Apparently, Tom didn't do that.
Apparently, Tom didn't know what to do.
Apparently, Tom didn't notice anything wrong.
Apparently, Tom didn't notice that.
Apparently, Tom didn't want to do that.
Apparently, Tom doesn't do that anymore.
Apparently, Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
Apparently, Tom doesn't like Mary.
Apparently, Tom doesn't like doing that.
Apparently, Tom doesn't like me.
Apparently, Tom doesn't like you much.
Apparently, Tom doesn't want to do that.
Apparently, Tom dumped Mary.
Apparently, Tom faked his own death.
Apparently, Tom had a lot on his mind, so I just left him alone.
Apparently, Tom has been cheating on his wife.
Apparently, Tom has lost his job.
Apparently, Tom has lost his passport.
Apparently, Tom has the same problem.
Apparently, Tom hasn't yet told Mary what happened.
Apparently, Tom is a busy man.
Apparently, Tom is doing badly.
Apparently, Tom is going to a university in Boston.
Apparently, Tom is going with Mary.
Apparently, Tom is in no hurry.
Apparently, Tom is much smarter than us.
Apparently, Tom is not interested in answering that question.
Apparently, Tom is sick.
Apparently, Tom is smarter than us.
Apparently, Tom is still alive.
Apparently, Tom is still employed.
Apparently, Tom is stuck in traffic.
Apparently, Tom is the one who did that.
Apparently, Tom is the one who needs to do that.
Apparently, Tom is the only one who didn't do that.
Apparently, Tom is very good at chess.
Apparently, Tom is very good at it.
Apparently, Tom is very good at skiing.
Apparently, Tom isn't here today.
Apparently, Tom kissed Mary.
Apparently, Tom left his wallet at home.
Apparently, Tom likes Mary quite a lot.
Apparently, Tom likes chocolate.
Apparently, Tom lives alone.
Apparently, Tom managed to weasel out of it.
Apparently, Tom told Mary if she was late again, she'd get fired.
Apparently, Tom trusts me.
Apparently, Tom used to be a teacher.
Apparently, Tom was already famous before he released that album.
Apparently, Tom was caught trying to break into Mary's house.
Apparently, Tom was disappointed with the results.
Apparently, Tom was here yesterday.
Apparently, Tom was late because there was a traffic jam on Route 19.
Apparently, Tom was late because there was a traffic jam on Rt. 19.
Apparently, Tom was lying to us.
Apparently, Tom was lying.
Apparently, Tom was on television last night.
Apparently, Tom was stuck in traffic.
Apparently, Tom wasn't able to solve the problem.
Apparently, Tom wasn't in Australia long.
Apparently, Tom wasn't in Boston long.
Apparently, Tom wasn't injured.
Apparently, Tom wasn't the one who did this.
Apparently, Tom will be going to a university in Boston.
Apparently, Tom will be here tomorrow.
Apparently, Tom won't do that.
Apparently, Tom's car needs a new set of tires.
Apparently, Tom's death was a suicide.
Apparently, Tom’s car needs a new set of tires.
Apparently, Tom’s death was a suicide.
Apparently, Yanni has no place to go.
Apparently, Yanni is incredibly stupid.
Apparently, Ziri didn't take the high cost into consideration.
Apparently, a lot of money is required.
Apparently, all Tom's other problems are solved.
Apparently, all this land is owned by Tom.
Apparently, both variants were considered correct in 2016.
Apparently, either you or I will have to do this.
Apparently, everyone was happy.
Apparently, having too few foes, the Americans like to provoke the enemies of their enemies rather than befriend them.
Apparently, he became very violent.
Apparently, he doesn't need our help any more.
Apparently, he had never heard of recursion.
Apparently, he hasn't stopped by here since yesterday.
Apparently, he is envious of Tom's abilities.
Apparently, he knew everything about me.
Apparently, he no longer needs our help.
Apparently, he's not about to go to graduate school.
Apparently, he's still alive.
Apparently, he's very good at it.
Apparently, his real name was Salas.
Apparently, in some toad species, to have a protuberance on their backs was more advantageous than to have a smooth back.
Apparently, it was a rush job.
Apparently, it was his jealous mistress who prepared that nasty chemical concoction. I hear the wife took one sip of her morning coffee and collapsed without so much as a word.
Apparently, it was just pepper spray.
Apparently, it was pepper spray.
Apparently, it wasn't hard for Tom to do that.
Apparently, it's getting difficult to find a good position.
Apparently, it's getting more difficult to find a good job.
Apparently, it's not too early to apply.
Apparently, it's not what I believed.
Apparently, it's true.
Apparently, mental illness runs in your family.
Apparently, money really can buy happiness.
Apparently, most of Tom's friends have gone camping this weekend.
Apparently, most people don't want anything to change.
Apparently, no one told Tom I was coming.
Apparently, nobody listens to me.
Apparently, not much has changed.
Apparently, nothing bad happened.
Apparently, nothing new has been added to the list.
Apparently, only three people showed up.
Apparently, opposing fascism is fascist.
Apparently, people have been seeing UFOs in this area for years.
Apparently, people will never know the answer to this question, no matter how much they may try to.
Apparently, saving prostitutes has become a habit of Daniel's.
Apparently, she had a lot on her mind, so I just left her alone.
Apparently, she took the initiative.
Apparently, she's a bit whimsical.
Apparently, some trucks need a special device called a “brake retarder” in order to stop or slow down on certain road conditions.
Apparently, that happened in Boston.
Apparently, that's not correct.
Apparently, that's the only way Tom knows how to do that.
Apparently, that's the only way we can get that done in time.
Apparently, the brakes on the bus were bad.
Apparently, the brakes on the bus were faulty.
Apparently, the bus is late.
Apparently, the bus was late.
Apparently, the computer compels me to not see the interesting discussion.
Apparently, the family was very poor.
Apparently, the meeting has been postponed until next Monday.
Apparently, the meeting will be in Tom's office.
Apparently, the money will be split evenly between the two.
Apparently, the murder happened in a locked room.
Apparently, the plan is now on hold.
Apparently, there have been some child abductions in the neighborhood.
Apparently, there is a range of family problems.
Apparently, there is nothing that cannot happen today.
Apparently, they got married abroad, without anyone knowing.
Apparently, they nest in a tree in front of the house.
Apparently, they're dead.
