The ball rolled across the road.
The ball rolled away into the sea.
The ball rolled down the hill.
The ball rolled harmlessly out of bounds.
The ball rolled in the street.
The ball rolled into the stream.
The ball rolled on the ground towards me.
The ball rolled under the couch.
The ball rolled under the sofa.
The ball rolled under the table.
The ball sailed over the crossbar.
The ball sailed wide of the post.
The ball sailed wide of the target.
The ball skidded off the wet grass.
The ball skidded on the wet surface.
The ball skimmed across the surface.
The ball skipped off the waterlogged pitch.
The ball slightly curved.
The ball slowly transformed into an eye.
The ball smacked the crossbar with the keeper beaten all ends up.
The ball smacked the crossbar, the keeper beaten all ends up.
The ball smacked the crossbar, the keeper rooted to the spot.
The ball soared into the sky after hitting the bat.
The ball soared through the air.
The ball spun off the surface.
The ball spun out of control.
The ball struck the bat, sending it flying.
The ball swiveled on its axis.
The ball thudded against the wall.
The ball was a spectacle of elegance and grandeur.
The ball was bouncing.
The ball was on our lawn.
The ball was parried away by the goalkeeper.
The ball was rolling down the hill.
The ball was struck towards goal only to come crashing off the woodwork and back into play.
The ball was unstoppable.
The ball was wet.
The ball went in the net.
The ball went into the corner.
The ball went into the net.
The ball went one way and the goalkeeper went the other.
The ball went out for a corner kick.
The ball went out for a corner.
The ball went out for a throw-in.
The ball went out for a throw.
The ball went out.
The ball went over their heads.
The ball woke up today mourning the death of its best friend: Diego Armando Maradona.
The ball zipped past the goalkeeper.
The ball's in your court.
The ball, which is red, is pretty.
The ballboys and ballgirls all came from surrounding schools.
The ballboys and ballgirls all come from local schools.
The ballerina danced gracefully.
The ballerinas around the walls are stretching their legs and feet so their muscles will not become stiff.
The ballerinas wore tights, tutus and ballet slippers.
The ballon burst.
The balloon burst with a loud noise.
The balloon continued to ascend.
The balloon deflated quickly.
The balloon descended gradually as the air came out.
The balloon descended slowly.
The balloon flew and burst in the sky.
The balloon floated down the street.
The balloon floated off into the west.
The balloon is almost completely deflated.
The balloon is filled with air.
The balloon is flying above the city.
The balloon is flying across the city.
The balloon is flying over the city.
The balloon is rising into the sky.
The balloon might pop.
The balloon popped suddenly.
The balloon popped unexpectedly.
The balloon popped.
The balloon rose into the air.
The balloon soared into the sky.
The balloon was carried away somewhere by the wind.
The balloon was caught in the tree.
The balloon went up in the sky.
The balloon went up slowly.
The balloon will burst.
The balloon will soon pop.
The balloons are bright.
The ballot paper must be put into an envelope.
The ballots are being counted.
The ballpoint pen replaced the fountain pen as the universal writing utensil.
The ballroom was filled with the scent of roses.
The balustrade gave way and several people fell to the ground.
The bamboo bent but did not break.
The bamboo gave but did not break.
The bamboo is bending with the weight of the snow.
The bamboo shoot bent under the weight of the snow.
The ban drew criticism from the European Union.
The ban has been lifted.
The ban is no longer taken seriously by anybody.
The ban is no longer taken seriously by anyone.
The ban on whale-fishing isn't always observed.
The ban will not include the Nazi salute or the swastika, a symbol that has religious significance in Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism.
The banana is in the fridge.
The banana is sweet.
The banana trees are found along the vast lake shore.
The banana turned to mush in the bottom of the bag.
The banana was brown and mushy.
The bananas are still green.
The bananas aren't tasty.
The bananas cost forty-five cents a pound.
The bananas cost ninety-nine cents a kilo.
The bananas taste delicious.
The bananas taste good.
The bananas you brought me last night were all rotten.
The bananas you brought to me last night were all bad.
The band are very excited about their upcoming tour.
The band began to play.
The band came at the head of the parade.
The band continued to play.
The band didn't play one song that I recognized.
The band entertained the spectators at the parade.
The band featured Tom on guitar, Mary on bass guitar and vocals, John on drums, and Alice on keyboards.
The band fuses classical, industrial, and art-rock themes throughout their music.
The band has already started playing.
The band has done over a hundred live shows, festivals, radio and television performances.
The band has just finished their first set.
The band has played a march.
The band hasn't arrived yet.
The band immediately terminated William as their tuner.
The band is excellent.
The band is now doing a sound check.
The band is on hiatus.
The band is still together.
The band isn't playing in Algiers.
The band just started playing a few minutes ago.
The band of Indians were ready to go on the warpath at the slightest provocation.
The band paraded the streets.
The band peed into the pool.
The band played Dixie.
The band played a march.
The band played a mix of covers and original songs.
The band played for the visiting monarch.
The band played its first set as dinner was being served.
The band played marvellously under the baton of a new conductor.
The band played several marches.
The band played the national anthem.
The band played their last gig at the casino and then they purposely took their own lives by eating a poisonous mushroom stew.
The band played their own songs as well as some covers.
The band plays really well.
The band produced an ear-splitting wall of noise.
The band re-formed.
The band released an album of tributes to the groups that had influenced their sound.
The band returned to the studio to re-record, remix, edit, and re-sequence the recordings.
The band sounds different this time.
The band sprang into life.
The band sprang to life.
The band starts playing at 8:00 p.m.
The band takes a ten-minute break between sets.
The band that'll be playing tonight is already setting up.
The band that's playing tonight is from Australia.
The band that's playing tonight is from Boston.
The band took its name from the first initials of the founding members.
The band upped the number of shows in their tour.
The band was composed of musicians from different bands.
The band was playing a slow tune.
The band will play their latest song for you now. Take it away, guys!
The band's final album was met with universal acclaim.
The band's latest single has been deemed too chirpy by critics.
The band's split was acrimonious.
The bandage was wound around the wound.
The bandit shows up.
The bandits demanded all money in the register.
The bandits made a raid on the village.
The bandits planned their next heist.
The bandits put a gag in his mouth.
The bandits ran away when they heard the police siren.
The bandits stole the Holy Grail.
The bands, usually consisting of a single family, were related linguistically and culturally, but otherwise probably had few ties.
The bang from the rifle rang out.
The bang it made when it broke down made us jump.
The bang it made when it packed up gave us a start.
The bang on the door made everyone jump.
The banging continued.
The banging has stopped.
The banging slowed down.
The banging stopped.
The bangs on the door were loud enough to wake Claudio.
The bank accommodated him with a loan of 10,000 yen.
The bank accommodated the company with a loan.
The bank around the corner was robbed yesterday.
The bank avoided making any decision.
The bank avoided taking any decision.
The bank came through with the loan we had requested.
The bank closes at 3pm.
The bank closes in three minutes. Hurry!
The bank closes late on Fridays.
The bank collapsed during the recession.
The bank director was held in high regard.
The bank does not open on Saturdays.
The bank doesn't open for another hour.
The bank doesn't open on Saturdays.
The bank duped investors into buying bad mortgages.
The bank fees are killing me.
The bank foreclosed on his home.
The bank had the gall to charge a late fee for a payment held up when their online services crashed.
The bank has already closed.
The bank has approved credit.
The bank has branches in all parts of the country.
The bank has loaned the company $1,000,000.
The bank has raised its dividend by 20%.
The bank holds a mortgage on his building.
The bank is already closed.
The bank is behind this building.
The bank is closed on Saturdays.
The bank is closed on Sunday.
The bank is closed on Sundays.
The bank is closed.
The bank is closing.
The bank is next to the post office.
The bank is not open for business on Sundays.
The bank is not open on Saturdays.
The bank is on the left.
The bank is only open until five o'clock.
The bank is only open until five.
The bank is open from 9.00 a.m. until 8.00 p.m., and doesn't shut for lunch. It's closed on Sundays.
The bank is open.
The bank is still closed.
The bank is there too, isn't it?
The bank is there too, isn’t it?
The bank is three blocks away.
The bank is trying to take Tom's house away.
The bank isn't open on Saturdays.
The bank isn't open on Sundays.
The bank isn't open yet.
The bank isn’t open on Sundays.
The bank keeps money for people.
The bank lent her 500 dollars.
The bank lent him 500 dollars.
The bank loaned her 500 dollars.
The bank loaned him 500 dollars.
The bank loaned the company $1 million.
The bank loaned the company one million dollars.
The bank manager distrusted one of the cashiers.
The bank manager trusts all employees.
The bank needs a check for the exact amount.
The bank needs your signature.
The bank on the opposite side is covered with reeds.
The bank opens at 9 a.m. and closes at 3 p.m.
The bank promised us that our money would be safe.
The bank rate cut is expected to relieve the severe financial squeeze that has hit industry.
The bank reassured us that our money was safe.
The bank refused to extend credit to me.
The bank refused to give them more credit.
The bank refused to grant me the loan.
The bank robber shouted, "Stay where you are, all of you!"
The bank robbers abandoned the car just outside the city.
The bank robbers are armed and dangerous.
The bank robbers are still at large.
The bank robbers dispersed in all directions.
The bank robbers killed everyone but Tom.
The bank robbers killed one guard and injured another.
The bank robbers were wearing masks.
The bank secured the city from a flood.
The bank shuts late on Fridays.
The bank stays open from eight until two.
The bank there sloped gently.
The bank took possession of the land.
The bank took their house.
The bank vetoed my student loan application.
The bank wants its money back.
The bank was attacked.
The bank was broken into last night.
The bank was closed by the time I got there.
The bank was founded to increase competition and decrease interest.
The bank was heavily guarded.
The bank was held up a week ago.
The bank was held up last night.
The bank was robbed by professional squirrels.
The bank was robbed yesterday.
The bank was run by private citizens.
The bank will be going after Michael very soon.
The bank will cash your fifty dollar check.
The bank's actions seemed to assure investors about the soundness of the governmental bonds.
The bank's cash machine is out of order today.
The bank's clients typically are high-net-worth individuals and families.
The bank's response is an important document to change its accounts.
The banker was an expert and was able to establish the letter of credit quickly.
The banker went to jail for fraud.
The banker's pay cut was temporary, not permanent.
The bankers got big bonuses.
The bankers were bailed out by the government with taxpayers’ money.
The banker’s pay cut was temporary, not permanent.
The banking elite don't want you to use cash. Why?
The banking elite wants to eliminate cash.
The banking industry lobbied for deregulation.
The banking sector remained resilient to shocks.
The banks are closed Sunday.
The banks are closed on Saturday and on Sunday.
The banks are closed today.
The banks are closed.
The banks are on the verge of bankruptcy.
The banks are struggling.
The banks aren't open on Saturdays.
The banks do not operate on Saturday.
The banks have a lot of money.
The banks on each side of the river were very pretty. There were beautiful flowers, old trees, sloping fields, in which cows and sheep were grazing, but not a man to be seen.
The banks rob people, and people rob the banks.
The banks stay closed on Saturdays.
The bank’s recommendation is to make remittance fees small and categorize the services as “essential” to avoid families falling into severe poverty.
The banning of trans women from women's chess, of all sports, exemplifies the insanity of the current transphobic backlash.
The banquet table was covered in silver and gold.
The banquet table was set with the finest china.
The banquet was a grand affair.
The banquet was in full swing.
The banquet will be open-air.
The banquet will be outdoors.
The banshee let out a blood-curdling scream.
The baptismal font contains holy water.
The baptismal font is full of holy water.
The baptismal font is inside the church.
The bar closed early due the approaching wildfire.
The bar closes in about an hour.
The bar is a stone's throw away.
The bar is always open.
The bar is busy.
The bar is closed.
The bar is closing soon.
The bar is crowded.
The bar is fairly busy this evening.
The bar is on the floor.
The bar is on the ground floor.
The bar is open till midnight.
The bar is open until six in the morning.
The bar is open.
The bar was packed.
The bar was really crowded.
The bar was so crowded you could hardly move.
The bar was so smoky that my eyes started to sting.
The bar was very crowded.
The bar where Tom and Mary work lost its license because they had been selling alcoholic drinks to minors.
The bar where Tom works lost its license because they had been selling alcoholic drinks to minors.
The bar-mitzvah party was cancelled due to illness.
The bar-tailed godwit migrates from Alaska to New Zealand.
The barb on fishhooks make them difficult to remove.
The barbarian is, first and foremost, the man who believes in barbarianism.
The barbarians are at the gates.
The barbarians raped and pillaged our city.
The barbells are heavy.
The barber cut his hair.
The barber cut my hair.
The barber gave Mary a mohawk.
The barber gave him a haircut.
The barber has cut your hair very short.
The barber needs to increase the longevity of his towels.
The barber needs to keep his towels fresh and fluffy.
The barber surgeon was one of the most common medical practitioners of medieval Europe.
The barber was angling Ziri's head this way and that.
The barber was trimming Munir's beard.
The barbers around here are not good.
The barbers around here aren't good.
The barbers have made you look better!
The barbershop I go to is near the bank.
The barbershop is opposite the bank.
The barcode has to be facing up.
The bard played the lute.
The bard was playing the lute.
The bare necessities need to be met.
The bare truth and the bare facts is that most people were born on January 1st in the world but you just don't want to see it for yourself.
The barfly dryly brushes off suitors.
The bargain is cancelled.
The bargain sale will run for three days, beginning today.
The barge floats on the river.
The barista made a mistake with your coffee order.
The baritone sax that Mary wanted to buy was way too expensive for her.
The baritone sax that Tom wanted to buy was way too expensive for him.
The bark is light brown, red-tinged, deeply ridged, and broken into plate-like scales.
The bark of this tree is very rough.
The barking dog doesn't bite.
The barking dog kept Tom awake most of the night.
The barking of the dogs grew nearer.
The barking started back up.
The barman pulled a pint.
The barn collapsed under the weight of the snow.
The barn door had been carelessly left unlatched.
The barn door was open.
The barn is empty.
The barn is full of farm equipment and tools.
The barn is full of hay.
The barn is on fire!
The barn is so old that the beams are beginning to rot.
The barn likely has been empty for years.
The barn owl does not hoot, but screeches.
The barn was destroyed.
The barn was empty.
The barn was mostly dark.
The barn was small, but it was strong.
The barn was struck by lightning.
The barn's on fire.
The barn's roof collapsed from the weight of the snow.
The barn's roof collapsed under the weight of the snow.
The barn's roof collapsed.
The barns are full of grain.
The barometer is an instrument that measures atmospheric pressure, especially used to study climate and to determine altitudes.
The barometer is falling. It is going to rain.
The barometer is falling. It's going to rain.
The barometer says 'changeable'.
The baroness cuckolded the baron.
The barque is smaller than a ship and larger than a boat.
The barrel is full.
The barrel of the pen is transparent.
The barrels were empty.
The barren scene, the sense of loneliness, and the mystery and urgency of my task all struck a chill into my heart.
The barricade has to be perpendicular to the road.
The bartender added a cherry to my cocktail as a garnish.
The bartender asked Tom to pay his tab.
The bartender brought Tom his drink.
The bartender came out from behind the counter to stop the fight.
The bartender cut Tom off.
The bartender didn't even card me.
The bartender gave me a friendly smile.
The bartender greeted Tom by name.
The bartender handed Tom his drink.
The bartender has cut us off.
The bartender kicked Tom out of the bar.
The bartender kicked us out of the bar at 2:30.
The bartender mixed the drinks.
The bartender set a drink in front of Tom.
The bartender threw Tom out of the bar.
The bartender told me you were a regular here.
The bartender walked over to where Mary was sitting and asked her what she wanted to drink.
The bartender walked over to where Tom and Mary were sitting and asked them what they wanted to drink.
The bartender walked over to where Tom was sitting and asked him what he wanted to drink.
The base camp stopped receiving signals from the climbers after they reached 8,000 meters.
The base is surrounded.
The base is the intersection of two bodies.
The base of a cone is a circle.
The base was stormed.
The baseball game ended in a draw.
The baseball game got more exciting with each inning.
The baseball game was called off because of rain.
The baseball game was called off due to rain.
The baseball game was called off on account of the rain.
The baseball game was canceled because of the heavy rain.
The baseball game was declared a tie because of the rain.
The baseball game was drawn because of the rain.
The baseball game was postponed until next Sunday.
The baseball game was postponed until the following Sunday.
The baseball game was put off till next Sunday.
The baseball game was so exciting that everyone stayed until the very end.
The baseball match will come off next week.
The baseball season has opened.
The baseball season opens before long.
The baseball stadium was full of enthusiastic fans.
The baseball team is certain to win the next game.
The baseboards of this wall are detaching.
The baseless conspiracy theories of QAnon are making things harder for people actually devoted to fighting human trafficking.
The basement always smells musty.
The basement always smelt musky.
The basement door has a lock on it.
The basement door was almost bashed open.
The basement door was always closed.
The basement door was broken.
The basement door was never locked.
The basement door won't budge.
The basement had no windows.
The basement has been made over into a workshop.
The basement is flooded.
The basement is full of water.
The basement is not safe for Gunter.
The basement is off limits.
The basement is overrun with rats.
The basement is ugly, dark, and smelly.
The basement light started flickering.
The basement of his house is constantly inundated with inexplicable water leaks.
The basement turned dark.
The basement was a big open space.
The basement was completely empty.
The basement was flooded.
The basement was mostly underground.
The basement was not finished.
The basement was pitch black.
The basement was the safest place in Tobias's house.
The basement; stay away from it.
The basements are flooded.
The basements of the houses are likely to have problems.
The baser sort of man is difficult to serve.
The bases were loaded.
The basic Japanese diet consists mainly of rice and fish.
The basic Japanese diet consists of rice and fish.
The basic character of any language is largely determined by features of a structural, i.e., a grammatical nature.
The basic character traits of this person were confidence and calmness.
The basic components of Chinese characters are called "radicals".
The basic design of the humble paper clip has not changed in over one hundred years.
The basic diet of the Japanese consists of rice and fish.
The basic directions in anatomy are toward the head; toward the front, back, and sides; and toward and away from the center.
The basic idea of Esperanto is the humanist concept of creating a joyful world where life is a pleasure. A world in which travelling is a sparkling delight full of discoveries.
The basic ingredients of Greek frappé are instant coffee, sugar, water and ice cubes.
The basic job of an advertising agency is to figure out how to turn a desire into a need.
The basic meaning of it remains the same.
The basic prerequisite for every progress is the conviction that the necessary is possible.
The basic principles of grammar are not so difficult.
The basic question is, what vision do you aspire to?
The basic structural component of the hive is a wax comb suspended within a plastic or wooden frame.
The basilisk lizard is able to run on the surface of the water without sinking.
The basin of a river usually has rich farmland.
The basis for any language is its grammar and set of syntactic rules.
The basis for winning or losing is vague, but I don't care.
The basis of my entire personality is heavily influenced by my Scorpio moon and rising.
The basis of our government being the opinion of the people, the very first object should be to keep that right; and were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers, or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter.
The basis of this system is that the students must take turns in teaching, they have to help each other.
The basket is empty.
The basket is full of apples.
The basket is full of bottles.
The basket is so heavy, but I can lift it.
The basket is too big for Mennad.
The basket was empty.
The basket was filled to the brim with strawberries.
The basket was filled with flowers.
The basket was filled with strawberries.
The basket was full of apples.
The basket was full of mandarins.
The basket was full of strawberries.
The basket was full to the brim with strawberries.
The basket was half full of apples.
The basket weighs forty kilos.
The basket you bought yesterday is under the table.
The basketball game turned out to be a very tense one.
The basketball needs to be inflated.
The basketball player dunked the ball so hard that the backboard shattered.
The basketball players practiced their shots all day long.
The basketball playoffs started last month.
The basketball team doesn't practice on Monday.
The baskets they use to transport fruit are made with strips of cane.
The bass guitar is a string instrument.
The bass line is highly syncopated.
The bass player played like a god.
The bassist has a low-slung playing style.
The bassist played like a god.
The bassoon is a stumbling block in the english translation.
The bastard must have hit on her.
The bastard sword has a longer hilt.
The bat chirped softly in the twilight.
The bat circled overhead, searching for insects.
The bat colonies roost in caves and trees.
The bat colony resides in the nearby cave.
The bat colony roosted in the old barn.
The bat dangled from a branch, sleeping peacefully.
The bat darted between the trees.
The bat eats the butterfly.
The bat emerged from its roost at dusk.
The bat flapped its wings to take off.
The bat flapped its wings, preparing for takeoff.
The bat flees the light.
The bat flew at Tom and bit out a chunk of his arm.
The bat flew silently through the night sky.
The bat flitted from tree to tree in search of food.
The bat fluttered its wings before taking off.
The bat glided effortlessly through the air.
The bat got tangled up in the net.
The bat hangs upside down in the cave.
The bat hibernates during the winter months.
The bat hung upside down, sleeping peacefully.
The bat hunted for insects in the moonlight.
The bat hunted for insects using its echolocation.
The bat is considered a symbol of good luck.
The bat navigated using echolocation.
The bat screeches.
The bat swerved to avoid colliding with a tree.
The bat swooped down to catch its prey.
The bat used its wings to stay balanced while hanging.
The bat was stolen yesterday, along with the balls.
The bat's diet consists mainly of insects and fruit.
The bat's diet consists primarily of insects.
The bat's echolocation allows it to navigate in the dark.
The bat's echolocation helps it navigate in the dark.
The bat's fangs are used for catching and tearing prey.
The bat's flight is silent and swift.
The bat's flight is swift and agile.
The bat's flight pattern is graceful and fluid.
The bat's fur is sleek and shiny.
The bat's fur is soft to the touch.
The bat's fur was dark brown and velvety.
The bat's hunting skills are finely honed.
The bat's hunting technique is efficient and precise.
The bat's roost is located high up in the trees.
The bat's sharp teeth allow it to eat insects.
The bat's sharp teeth make it an efficient hunter.
The bat's sonar abilities allow it to locate prey.
The bat's wing span measured over three feet.
The bat's wings allow it to maneuver with agility.
The bat's wings beat rapidly as it flew.
The bat's wings create a graceful silhouette in flight.
The bat's wings create a unique silhouette.
The bat's wings fluttered rapidly as it took off.
The bat's wings provide excellent maneuverability.
The bat's wingspan allows it to cover large distances.
The bat's wingspan enables it to cover vast distances.
The bat's wingspan is a marvel of nature.
The bat, of all, is most deprived and poor; For it is the sun's foe, this is for sure.
The bath is free.
The bath is getting cold.
The bath is open on Saturdays.
The bath is ready.
The bath towel is on the towel rack.
The bath was not hot enough and I was unable to enjoy it.
The bath was too hot for me to get in.
The bath which Chloe had taken was apparently more fraught with peril than the sea from which he had escaped.
The bathing suit that Tom had on was blue.
The bathroom combines vintage subway tiles with satin brass fixtures for a timeless look.
The bathroom door is locked.
The bathroom door opened again.
The bathroom door opened.
The bathroom has been cleaned.
The bathroom in Tom's house is one of the smallest that I've ever seen.
The bathroom in Tom's new house is twice as large as the one in his old house.
The bathroom is across the corridor if you need it.
The bathroom is at the end of the hall.
The bathroom is at the end of the hallway.
The bathroom is at the end of this hall.
The bathroom is clean, but tomorrow it will be dirty once again.
The bathroom is dirty because of Ziri.
The bathroom is dirty!
The bathroom is dirty.
The bathroom is disgusting.
The bathroom is down the hall.
The bathroom is downstairs.
The bathroom is empty.
The bathroom is filthy.
The bathroom is gross.
The bathroom is just down the hall.
The bathroom is made of marble.
The bathroom is nasty.
The bathroom is next to your room.
The bathroom is occupied now.
The bathroom is on the first floor.
The bathroom is on the left side of the hallway.
The bathroom is on the right.
The bathroom is on the second floor.
The bathroom is this way.
The bathroom is upstairs.
The bathroom isn't very clean.
The bathroom light shines into Ziri's bedroom.
The bathroom light switch is always broken.
The bathroom light was on.
The bathroom pipes are clogged with sewage.
The bathroom remodel is usually a scam. Sorry, I just made that up.
The bathroom sink is plugged.
The bathroom tap isn't working.
The bathroom tiles are white.
The bathroom was all the way down the bathroom.
The bathroom was busy.
The bathroom was completely spotless.
The bathroom was empty.
The bathroom was filthy.
The bathroom was in use.
The bathroom was not very clean.
The bathroom was out of order.
The bathroom was pitch black.
The bathroom was sparkling clean.
The bathroom wasn't very clean.
The bathroom window is open.
The bathroom's down the hall.
The bathroom's on the left.
The bathroom's uncleanliness terrifies Ivan.
The bathrooms were closed.
The baths are not in the forum.
The bathtub is dirty.
The bathtub needs to be cleaned.
The bathtub overflowed while she was talking on the phone.
The bathtub was filled with hot water and flower petals.
The bathwater is only lukewarm.
The bathysphere is a new technology for undersea travel.
The bats use ultrasound to locate obstacles.
The battalion surrendered to the enemy.
The batter adjusted his stance before gripping the bat.
The batter for crepes is made of eggs, flour, butter, milk and sugar.
The batter gripped the bat tightly, ready to swing.
The batter has two balls and two strikes on him.
The batter struck out swinging.
The batter was out.
The batteries are all dead.
The batteries are dead.
The batteries are extra.
The batteries are flat again.
The batteries are flat, I'm afraid.
The batteries are probably just dead.
The batteries aren't working, even though they're new.
The batteries died.
The batteries don't work, even though they're new.
The batteries in my calculator are dead.
The batteries of my grandfather's watches have to be replaced.
The batteries store energy collected by the station's solar panel arrays.
The battery died of natural causes.
The battery died out.
The battery died.
The battery does not load.
The battery doesn't charge.
The battery gave out.
The battery has run down.
The battery has run dry.
The battery has run out of power.
The battery has to be charged.
The battery in my phone has nearly run out.
The battery in my phone is almost flat.
The battery in the remote is dead.
The battery in the watch had run down.
The battery in this torch is rechargeable.
The battery indicator light is showing that the battery is not getting charged.
The battery indicator light is showing that the battery isn't getting charged.
The battery is bad.
The battery is dead.
The battery is empty.
The battery is flat.
The battery is just about dead.
The battery is low!
The battery is low.
The battery is more than half full.
The battery is running low.
The battery life on my phone is terrible.
The battery light is showing that the battery is not getting charged.
The battery needs charged.
The battery needs charging.
The battery needs to be charged.
The battery needs to be recharged.
The battery of my MP3-player was empty.
The battery of the remote is dead.
The battery on my cell phone is running low.
The battery ran down.
The battery ran out quite quickly.
The battery ran out.
The battery started to bubble.
The battery store is kiddie corner from the mall.
The battery takes some time to charge.
The battery voltage is low.
The battery was no longer working.
The battery went bad.
The battery's dead!
The battery's dead.
The battle begins.
The battle checked the empire's expansionist tendencies.
The battle continued.
The battle continues.
The battle doesn't seem to be nearing an end.
The battle ended before they got there.
The battle ended in a triumph for the Romans.
The battle for this country isn’t right or left, it’s normal versus crazy.
The battle goes on!
The battle has begun.
The battle has just started.
The battle is lost.
The battle is not always to the strong.
The battle is on.
The battle is ours.
The battle lasted a week.
The battle of Waterloo became famous.
The battle of Waterloo was the last battle of Napoleon Bonaparte.
The battle of the Somme was one of the bloodiest battles in human history.
The battle of the alcoholics continue.
The battle quickly became a blind struggle.
The battle quickly became fierce and bloody.
The battle robot JA went berserk.
The battle seemed lost.
The battle seemed to be lost.
The battle to get more girls to complete school and enter college will be slow, but it has begun.
The battle took place in the Algerian city of Tlemcen, ending in an Ottoman victory.
The battle took place near the Little Bighorn River.
The battle was a bloodbath.
The battle was about to begin.
The battle was an important defeat for Japan.
The battle was ferocious.
The battle was fierce and unbelievably bloody.
The battle was fought by the river.
The battle was over in minutes.
The battle was short.
The battle was virtually over.
The battle was won at the price of many lives.
The battlefield was full of the dead and the dying.
The battleship did not dare come within range of the coastal batteries.
The bay has more yachts than sailboats.
The bay is full of boats and people.
The bazaar ended a great success.
The bazaar is closed, the public square is vacant.
The beach exploded with applause.
The beach had security guards.
The beach has been taken over by tourists.
The beach house was a fantasy home for Ziri and Rima.
The beach is a gift from God.
The beach is about to temporarily close.
The beach is always crowded this time of year.
The beach is an ideal place for children to have fun.
The beach is an ideal place for children to play.
The beach is crowded with people.
The beach is empty.
The beach is full of life.
The beach is just a short walk away.
The beach is lined with palm trees.
The beach is not very far from here.
The beach is only a short walk away.
The beach is overflowing with people.
The beach is packed on sunny days.
The beach is said to be haunted by many spirits.
The beach is swarming with people.
The beach is the ideal place to play for the children.
The beach isn't far from here.
The beach isn't far from the hotel.
The beach isn't very far from here.
The beach sand is white.
The beach was a perfect place to unwind and relax.
The beach was almost empty.
The beach was beautiful.
The beach was closed due to shark sightings.
The beach was completely void of any other people.
The beach was crowded with tourists.
The beach was crowded.
The beach was deserted.
The beach was empty, giving them the perfect solitude.
The beach was fairly empty.
The beach was lined with palm trees.
The beach was littered with debris.
The beach was littered with thousands of fish skeletons.
The beach was overflowing with bathers.
The beach was packed with tourists.
The beach was quite crowded.
The beach was really packed.
The beach was so beautiful they didn't want to leave.
The beach was so quiet they could hear the waves clearly.
The beach was teeming with bathers.
The beach wasn't very crowded.
The beach wouldn't be crowded.
The beach, bordering the Gulf of Mexico, teemed with tarballs.
The beaches are better here.
The beaches are less crowded in October.
The beaches are less crowded in September.
The beaches are thronged with tourists during the summer months.
The beaches are very crowded on Saturdays.
The beaches in Hawaii are famous for their huge waves.
The beaches in Shonan are very crowded on Sunday.
The beaches of Agadir were something that greatly attracted the attention of tourists.
The beaches of Cancún are among the most popular in Mexico.
The beaches of France are beautiful.
The beaches of Huelva are very pretty.
The beaches of the French Riviera are very beautiful.
The beaches there were beautiful.
The beaches were overflowing with bathers.
The bead rolled into the slot.
The beam of light became smaller and smaller until it completely disappeared.
The beam of particles is now traveling around the 27-kilometer underground tunnel, which straddles the Swiss-French border near Geneva. It will take a couple of months for the LHC to get up to speed. The accelerated protons will travel at nearly the speed of light.
The beams in his house are rotting.
The beams that are injected into the LHC will travel through a vacuum guided by superconducting magnets operating at extremely cold temperatures near absolute zero. Each beam will consist of nearly 3,000 bunches, with each bunch containing as many as 100 billion particles. When head-on collisions occur, they will produce a shower of new particles. But the most interesting new particles will be very rare events.
The beams, held up by the columns, support and distribute the weight.
The beans are then ground into a mash.
The beans cooked slowly in the stew.
The beans were delicious.
The beans were great.
The beans were soaking in water.
The bear ate an apple.
The bear began tearing at the tent.
The bear began tearing up the tent.
The bear bites itself.
The bear caught a salmon in the river and ate it.
The bear chased Yanni.
The bear could have easily ripped Kalman to shreds if it wanted to.
The bear cub is just learning to walk.
The bear cubs spent the winter months feeding on their mother's milk.
The bear disappeared again between the trees.
The bear drank beer.
The bear eats an apple.
The bear fought with my neighbour until he got tired. Afterwards, with the last of his strength, he fled into the forest.
The bear growls 'grr grr'.
The bear growls.
The bear has a short tail.
The bear headed straight to Igor's tent.
The bear is big.
The bear is black.
The bear is coming towards us.
The bear is eating an apple.
The bear is eating honey.
The bear is just for the parade!
The bear is massive.
The bear is now growling.
The bear is quite tame and doesn't bite.
The bear is quite tame and doesn’t bite.
The bear is roaring.
The bear is stalking us.
The bear is stronger than the fox, but the fox is slier.
The bear is walking up and down in the cage.
The bear jumped into the lake.
The bear left no stone unturned in his search for fat bugs under the rocks.
The bear let out an even louder growl.
The bear likes honey.
The bear lost its brother during the fire.
The bear loudly exhaled on Dmitri's tent.
The bear lounged at Felix.
The bear must be shot.
The bear ran after me.
The bear recognized that Ziri wasn't a threat and left.
The bear roared and I fainted.
The bear roared in the forest of redwoods.
The bear set off right after Igor.
The bear sniffed the air to smell Ziri's scent.
The bear stepped backwards slightly.
The bear stood up on two legs.
The bear was about to be sold to a laboratory for scientific experimentation.
The bear was coming towards Igor.
The bear was eating an apple.
The bear was large, very large.
The bear was put to sleep, and now it's no longer a danger.
The bear was searching for food.
The bear was sniffing around.
The bear was sniffing the ground.
The bear was trying to intimidate Ziri.
The bear was very large.
The bear was walking along the river bank.
The bear went crazy and attacked a bunch of people.
The bear would have liked to have eaten the apple.
The bear's main wish is to eat honey, sweet honey.
The bear-like creature approached Kalman and smelt him.
The beard does not make the philosopher.
The beard doesn't care about us. It abounds on purpose to remind us of our depression, when we have too much.
The beard's gone!
The bearded god had promised to return someday in the same way he had left.
The bearer of this letter is my friend Suzuki.
The bears are dancing tango with the wolves under the light of the full moon.
The bears came out of hibernation.
The bears enter a time called hyperphagia, when they will eat voraciously, gaining weight for the long winter hibernation.
The bears love the honey.
The beast began to attack him.
The beast continued to laugh at Ziri.
The beast dwarfed Ziri in size.
The beast is alive, awake and hungry.
The beast is dead. The venon is gone.
The beast jumped on Rodrigo and killed him.
The beast stood up on its two hind legs.
The beast took a step towards Ziri.
The beast wretchedly made its way down the corridor.
The beasts ran through the plain.
The beat goes on.
The beat was catchy.
The beating is a jerk that someone undergoes and will never forget.
The beatings will continue until morale improves.
The beautiful French language is lost.
The beautiful Peacock, proud of its feathers.
The beautiful Russian spy got all her intel through pillow talks with American diplomats.
The beautiful Tinikling dance is Filipino.
The beautiful Vasilissa came forward, as bright as a star, bowed to her sovereign, bowed to the honorable guests and danced with her husband, the happy Tsarevitch Ivan.
The beautiful and outlandish designs in “Savage Beauty,” culled from McQueen’s 20-year career, have the power to startle and enthrall.
The beautiful bird is said to be in danger of dying out.
The beautiful bird sings.
The beautiful blonde was sunbathing on the beach.
The beautiful bride has her face covered by a white veil.
The beautiful children flew kites in the large field beside the red mansion.
The beautiful color of the sky soon faded away.
The beautiful displays in the shop windows reveal the work of an expert window dresser.
The beautiful garden was completely wrecked by the frost.
The beautiful girl has a shamrock.
The beautiful girl is in bed.
The beautiful girl with black hair was in the park.
The beautiful horse is running.
The beautiful horse runs.
The beautiful is always strange.
The beautiful is not always the same as the good.
The beautiful island of Bali is home to many freelance expats.
The beautiful little children often play between the many pear trees beside the white mansion.
The beautiful maiden sat on the top of the rock and combed her golden hair in the sunshine.
The beautiful moon is shining.
The beautiful moon shines.
The beautiful of that country is beyond description.
The beautiful piece of jewelry is in the red box.
The beautiful princess fell in love with the prince.
The beautiful red leaves of the maple become detached from the branches and are dancing in the wind.
The beautiful scene comes to my mind.
The beautiful scene of a lake was not able to be enjoyed because of rain and fog.
The beautiful scene of the lake couldn't be enjoyed because of the rain and fog.
The beautiful scenery fascinates every traveler.
The beautiful simplicity and naivete of the man’s character, the mean circumstances in which his life was cast, the fortitude, industry, and manliness with which he triumphed over his difficulties—these things explain much that seems at first sight futile in his art and colour even his worst failures with a glow of purely human sympathy.
The beautiful sun is in the sky.
The beautiful view of millions of stars punctuating the night blackness is becoming a sight of the past for many, unless we are willing to travel to rural areas. British astronomer John Mason of the U.K. Campaign for Dark Skies says city lights are making stars an endangered species.
The beautiful weather added to our pleasure.
The beautiful widow stood by the coffin, her eyes veiled with tears.
The beautiful widow was being talked about by the people in the village.
The beautiful woman is kind.
The beautiful woman is tall.
The beautiful woman tore her red dress.
The beautiful, black-haired girl was in the park.
The beautifully preserved disc-shaped skeleton has a chunk missing from its left side.
The beauty is beyond description.
The beauty of Algeria is well known.
The beauty of capitalism is the money.
The beauty of each season.
The beauty of learning a language is that there's always something you don't get.
The beauty of life lies in its ability to surprise us with unforeseen destinations.
The beauty of life lies in its unpredictability.
The beauty of nature inspires serenity.
The beauty of nature is precious.
The beauty of religious mania is that it has the power to explain everything. Once God (or Satan) is accepted as the first cause of everything which happens in the mortal world, nothing is left to chance... logic can be happily tossed out the window.
The beauty of that country is beyond description.
The beauty of that lady was admired by everyone.
The beauty of the Golden Pavilion covered in snow was unmatched.
The beauty of the country bowled me over.
The beauty of the lake is beyond description.
The beauty of the lake was beyond description.
The beauty of the music brought tears to her eyes.
The beauty of the music consists of its harmony.
The beauty of the scene was beyond description.
The beauty of the scenery is beyond description.
The beauty of the scenery was beyond description.
The beauty of the sight is beyond description.
The beauty of the sunrise was beyond description.
The beauty of the sunset surpassed description.
The beauty of this lake on the mountain can't be put into words; you have to see it with your own eyes.
The beauty of virtue is utterly self-evident to me.
The beauty salon is full on Saturdays.
The beaver is the national animal of Canada.
The bed I slept in last night wasn't very comfortable.
The bed I slept in last night wasn’t very comfortable.
The bed Tom sleeps on is too short.
The bed at the hotel where I stayed was too soft.
The bed collapsed under Otto's weight.
The bed collapsed under Tom's weight.
The bed costs 120 euros!
The bed creaked again.
The bed creaked under his weight.
The bed creaked.
The bed folds into the wall.
The bed frame is made of iron.
The bed frame squeaked when I moved.
The bed had marks on it as if someone were on it.
The bed has not been made up yet.
The bed in Tom's room was unmade.
The bed in Tom’s room was unmade.
The bed is adorned with decorative pillows.
The bed is against the wall.
The bed is burning!
The bed is comfortable.
The bed is covered in a floral pattern.
The bed is covered in cozy blankets.
The bed is covered with a colorful quilt.
The bed is covered with a fluffy down comforter.
The bed is covered with a handmade quilt.
The bed is covered with a luxurious silk bedspread.
The bed is covered with a plush, velvet bedspread.
The bed is equipped with adjustable settings.
The bed is framed by sheer curtains.
The bed is in the room.
The bed is located in the corner of the room.
The bed is made of sturdy wood.
The bed is made with crisp white linens.
The bed is on fire!
The bed is placed diagonally in the corner.
The bed is placed in the center of the room.
The bed is positioned next to the window.
The bed is positioned parallel to the wall.
The bed is raised off the floor on a platform.
The bed is still available.
The bed is still warm.
The bed is surrounded by bookshelves.
The bed is the only furniture in my bedroom.
The bed is too hard.
The bed is too small for two people.
The bed is too wide to fit through the door.
The bed is unmade.
The bed is very comfortable.
The bed is whirling around.
The bed isn't made.
The bed linen changes every week.
The bed looks sturdy.
The bed started to move.
The bed takes up a lot of room.
The bed takes up a lot of space.
The bed took up a lot of space.
The bed was neatly made.
The bed was perfectly made.
The bed was still warm.
The bed was stinking of body odor.
The bed was too hard.
The bed was too short.
The bed was very hard.
The bed won't fit through the door. It's too wide.
The bed you just sat on is my dad's bed.
The bed you just sat on is my father's bed.
The bed you just sat on is my father's.
The bed you just sat on is my grandmother's bed.
The bed's not made.
The bedouins were nomads.
The bedraggled houses were finally destroyed by the platoon.
The bedridden patient had a pressure sore over the greater trochanter.
The bedrock of Algeria's economy should be a strong manufacturing sector.
The bedrock of a democratic system is the rule of law.
The bedrock of a good marriage is open communication and mutual respect.
The bedrock of a healthy diet is a variety of fruits and vegetables.
The bedrock of our friendship is trust and loyalty.
The bedroom at the end of the hall seemed to have an open window, but as I got closer I realised it was a trompe l'oeil painted on the wall.
The bedroom curtain caught fire.
The bedroom curtains have faded at the edges.
The bedroom door opened.
The bedroom has a full-fledged double bed.
The bedroom has a full-sized double bed.
The bedroom is next to the kitchen.
The bedroom is upstairs.
The bedroom was laden with beautiful ornaments.
The bedroom window faced the backyard.
The bedroom window was open.
The bedrooms are upstairs and the living room is downstairs.
The bedrooms are upstairs.
The bedrooms face west.
The beds are all laid out.
The beds are freshly made every week.
The beds are uncomfortable.
The beds have all been made.
The bedspread covered the entire bed.
The bedspreads won't fit in the washer.
The bee alighted on the flower.
The bee flew out of the window.
The bee flew out the window.
The bee flew to the flower and drank the nectar.
The bee flew to the flower.
The bee is an insect and it eats honey.
The bee is buzzing.
The bee is going to sting you.
The bee landed on a flower.
The bee makes honey, which the drone devours. The wasp and the hornet molest with a sting: and especially cattle, so do the gadfly (breeze), the fly and the gnat.
The bee produces honey. And the wasp?
The bee tribe is as busy as a bee.
The bee uses all flowers.
The bee visited every flower on the bush.
The beech hedges have turned a copper colour.
The beech woods of Denmark are acknowledged by everyone to be very beautiful.
The beef enchiladas were spicy.
The beef stir-fry was aromatic.
The beef was cooked to perfection.
The beef was tender and flavorful.
The beefsteak tasted marvelous.
The beehives are on the other side of the orchard.
The beekeeper loaded his truck with gallons of raw honey.
The beekeepers of that region produce excellent honeys.
The beekeepers think that GMOs are harmful to the health of their bees.
The beeping drove Ziri crazy.
The beer bottle contained a decomposing snail.
The beer foamed over the top of the glass.
The beer glass is almost bigger than you are.
The beer has been finished.
The beer has gone flat.
The beer is good.
The beer is pretty tasty. Try it!
The beer is served in a beer stein.
The beer is stale.
The beer mug is almost bigger than you are.
The beer selection at Benedito's restaurant is diverse.
The beer that we drank was very good.
The beer tingled and burned as it rushed down my throat.
The beer was excellent.
The beer we drank was very good.
The beer's free on Thursday nights.
The beer's very cold.
The bees are bustling.
The bees are buzzing.
The bees are disappearing.
The bees are sitting on the flowers.
The bees are zooming out of the hive.
The bees close the cells with a film of wax.
The bees collect the pollen from the flowers.
The bees followed Edmundo around and stung him.
The bees stung him when he approached their hive.
The bees swarmed over the prostrate plants, and by their incessant buzzing seemed to be lamenting their fate.
The bees that chased me chased you, too!
The bees were circling around him.
The beeswax trade dates to ancient Greece and Rome, and in Medieval Europe, the substance was a unit of trade for taxes and other purposes.
The beetle buzzes.
The beetle is on the table.
The beetles, which are known to infest all kinds of seeds and beans, spoiled most of the seeds left exposed on the forest floor.
The beggar accosted me for money.
The beggar ate the only raw egg he found in the trash bin.
The beggar held out his hand.
The beggar is asking for a piece of bread.
The beggar is collecting stale bread.
The beggar knew what that meant.
The beggar on the street asks: "Do you have any extra euros?"
The beggar rattled a few meager coins in his tin can.
The beggar sat cross-legged on the marble steps leading to the train station.
The beggar turned out to be a thief.
The beggar was dizzy with hunger and fatigue.
The beginners' level oral exam lasts for ten minutes, the intermediate level for fifteen and the advanced level for twenty.
The beginning is easy.
The beginning is half the whole.
The beginning is the most important part of any job.
The beginning is the most important part of any work.
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
The beginning of a new year is a time to be hopeful for the future.
The beginning of a sentence starts with a capital letter.
The beginning of meeting is the beginning of parting.
The beginning of my exams got off to a strong start.
The beginning of the beginning.
The beginning of the story is interesting.
The beginning of the story was interesting.
The beginning of the trouble was his careless remark.
The beginning of the week is becoming cold and rainy.
The beginning of the week is turning cold and rainy.
The beginning of the week will become cold and rainy.
The beginning of the week will turn cold and rainy.
The beginning of wisdom is the fear of the Lord.
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their proper name.
The beginning or the end?
The beginning showed it.
The beginnings of a smile appeared at the corners of his mouth.
The behavior did his reputation no good.
The behavior of Elon Musk should disabuse most people of the notion that the rich deserve their wealth.
The behavior of her children in public dismayed her.
The behavior of some doen't reflect the beliefs of every Muslim.
The behaviour of a few spoiled the fun for everyone.
The behaviour of many people is questionable.
The behaviour of the Princess Monaco, one of the many victims of the French revolution, on the morning of her execution, will be long remembered for its eccentricity and heroism.
The behaviour of the kids during the lesson was abhorrent.
The behind Tobias door slammed shut.
The beleaguered city held out against the enemy's attacks for weeks.
The belief in Western cultural superiority disregards the rich diversity and contributions of other cultures throughout history, perpetuating a skewed worldview.
The belief in Western cultural superiority often manifests in a dismissive attitude towards non-Western customs, traditions, and ways of life.
The belief in an external world independent of the perceiving subject is the basis of all natural science.
The belief in evolution was taken for granted, as I was a prepubescent in the Philippines and North America. The popularity of the sci-fi franchise Planet of the Apes reinforced this idea.
The belief in numerous deities and their cult is characteristic of Greek and Roman mythologies.
The belief in the brotherhood of men seems like an idiotic dream nowadays.
The belief in time's healing power implies that patience and resilience are essential during difficult times.
The belief that going outside with your hair still wet will result in meningitis is just an urban myth.
The believers that have the most perfect faith are those whose behavior is the best, and the best of you are those that treat your women the best.
The bell announces the end of the classes.
The bell chimed them to meals.
The bell curve regulates the distribution of intelligence amongst humans.
The bell dinged, and the doors opened.
The bell doesn't work.
The bell had already rung when I got to school.
The bell has not rung yet.
The bell has rung.
The bell hasn't rung yet.
The bell is being restored.
The bell is broken.
The bell is faulty.
The bell is ringing.
The bell isn't working.
The bell rang again.
The bell rang and everyone in the lunch room got up.
The bell rang and students began to pour out of the school.
The bell rang and the train moved off.
The bell rang suddenly.
The bell rang, and the train began to move.
The bell rang, signaling the end of the day.
The bell rang.
The bell rang. Mary looked at Tom. "Are you expecting someone?" Tom shook his head.
The bell rang. The teacher told the students to hand in the papers.
The bell rings at 8:00.
The bell rings at eight.
The bell rings at noon.
The bell rings every day at noon.
The bell rings once an hour on the hour.
The bell rings.
The bell signaled the end of the game.
The bell tolls.
The bell tower of Seville's cathedral is called La Giralda.
The bell went off right in the middle of our discussion.
The bell will ring soon.
The bell will soon ring.
The belladonna is a nightshade.
The belladonna is a very dangerous plant.
The belladonna is a very poisonous plant.
The belladonna is a very toxic plant.
The bellboy held out his hand.
The bellboy will show you to your room.
The belle of the regiment, ay, and the finest girl that ever had the breath of life between her lips, was Nancy Devoy, the daughter of the colour-sergeant.
The bellows are not working.
The bellows aren't working.
The bells are ringing.
The bells are tolling in the villages of the north Italian region of Lombardy, registering yet another coronavirus death.
The bells broke out with sudden jubilation; sudden, albeit the village had been on the alert for that very sound all the summer afternoon, uncertain as to when the signal for that joy peal might be given.
The bells chimed as the couple left the church.
The bells have rung.
The bells now began to ring in the great white building and a number of young maidens came into the garden.
The bells of danger toll for them.
The bells ring. It is noon.
The bells started to ring.
The bells were ringing.
The belly has no ears.
The belly is not filled with fair words.
The beloved loves the state of disarray; Better to strive than in slumber to stay.
The belt became a symbol of fear for me.
The belt has a width of about one span.
The belt is brown.
The belt is made of leather.
The belt is pulled through the loops and fastened at the front of the garment with the buckle.
The beluga whale was discovered in 1776.
The bench is long.
The bench is made of wood.
The bench is there too, isn't it?
The bench is there too, isn’t it?
The bench is wooden.
The bench used for a bench press is usually level.
The bench will ask the defendant some additional questions.
The benches are hard, so I always bring a cushion.
The benches broken by the vandals were already replaced.
The benefit of being a consulting detective is that I can pick and choose my clients.
The benefit of being intelligent is that you can pretend to be a fool, but the reverse is not possible.
The benefit will in any case be significant.
The benefits are debatable, but the long term consequences might be disastrous.
The benefits are real.
The benefits flowing from these developments in terms of enhanced investment in many wider sectors of the economy, including tourism, trade and infrastructure, have percolated to every segment of the community and amply enriched their lives.
The benefits of yoga are undeniable.
The benefits outweigh the costs.
The benefits to becoming a micronation are that you're independent and therefore you are not any longer under the rule and laws of the country.
The benefits will be commensurate with the size of the project.
The benefits will be manifold.
The beret is an iconic French headpiece.
The berries I ate gave me an upset stomach.
The berries are very sour.
The berries from that bush are poisonous.
The berries of the mountain ash are very sour.
The berries were ripening almost as fast as we could gather them.
The berry has a somewhat tart flavor, fairly earthy with traces of sweetness.
The bespectacled librarian had a harsh look when I came in to pay my fines.
The best advice to follow when buying a Persian carpet is to have a good knowledge of carpets!
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
The best approach is to search first to make sure the sentence is not already in the database.
The best approach to Lisbon is by sea.
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
The best bait for birds is wheat grain.
The best before date is 3 days past, but it's probably good, right?
The best bet on a rainy day is to remain indoors.
The best book about life is life itself.
The best books are the ones you write yourself.
The best brand of lip salve, in my opinion, is Burt's Bees.
The best bromance ever is definitely between Zuko and Sokka from "Avatar: The Last Airbender".
The best business for the banking mafia is putting countries in debt.
The best cakes that I have ever eaten are those that my mother baked.
The best canned sardines are the Portuguese ones.
The best companies are usually investing during an economic downturn.
The best confidence builder is experience.
The best cookies I've ever eaten are the ones that your mother baked for me.
The best cookies I’ve ever eaten are the ones that your mother baked for me.
The best dancer seems to be Tom.
The best day of my life was the day I met Mary.
The best defence is a good offence.
The best defense against bad literature is lots of experience with good literature.
The best defense is a good offense.
The best doctor is the one who knows about the uselessness of the majority of medicines.
The best doctors in the world are: Doctor Diet, Doctor Quiet, and Doctor Merryman.
The best don't always reap the rewards.
The best dreams happen when you're awake.
The best ear training is tuning a piano or harpsichord.
The best efforts of the human race, in addition, were necessary to assist the gods in their cosmic task.
The best entertainment came during the two weeks following Christmas—when neighbors would visit each other's homes and have rollicking house parties.
The best fish smell when they are three days old.
The best flavor.
The best footballers are developed at Peter's football school.
The best form of defence is attack.
The best free resources and our tips for learning a fast language.
The best friend you've got in this world is you.
The best fry bread is covered in powdered sugar and honey.
The best gladiator fights today.
The best goes with the worst.
The best hairdressers are gay.
The best hot cocoa I've ever had was made from real chocolate shavings.
The best ideas always came to him on the toilet.
The best ideas always came to him while he was on the loo.
The best ideas do not always bring the best results.
The best is behind.
The best is best cheap.
The best is inside, they say.
The best is mixed with the worst.
The best is often the enemy of the good.
The best is saved for last.
The best is yet to come.
The best kind of weather makes you want to take a walk through white snow with bright sun at your back.
The best kitten ever is you.
The best known Australian marsupials are kangaroos and koalas.
The best known Austrian marsupials are kangaroos and koalas.
The best known name in the world is Muhammad.
The best laid plans of mice and men often go awry.
The best lawyer makes the worst neighbor.
The best lecture that you can attend is the one you won't understand.
The best lecture that you can attend is the one you won’t understand.
The best math students are there too, and the competition is strong.
The best math teachers don't spare their students any detail when proving a theorem, even if it doesn't win them any friends.
The best men are like the best coffee: they're strong and hot and keep you awake all night long.
The best meteor shower of the year is upon us.
The best mind-altering drug is the truth.
The best mirror is an old friend.
The best music comes, I find, from Great Britain.
The best music comes, I think, from Great Britain.
The best nights are filled with stars.
The best observes and the deepest thinkers are always the gentlest judges.
The best of God is yet to come.
The best of friends make the worst of enemies.
The best of friends must part.
The best of luck to you.
The best olive oil was produced by crushing olives in a mortar with a pestle.
The best or worst thing to man, for this life, is good or ill choosing his good or ill wife.
The best parents of all are those who allow their children to follow their natural talents.
The best part is that it saves time!
The best part of Spring is the green fields.
The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express.
The best part of being a teacher is seeing your students evolve and accomplish their goals.
The best part of myself will not die.
The best part of working as a team is that if something goes wrong, you can always blame someone else for it.
The best person to ask is Tom.
The best place is one where everyone speaks Toki Pona.
The best place to find God is in a garden. You can dig for him there.
The best place to hide something is in plain sight.
The best place to keep your spare tire is in the trunk of your car.
The best place to keep your spare tyre is in the boot of your car.
The best player of all time was Pelé.
The best player of all times was PelÃ©.
The best player on our team is Tom.
The best pleasure comes from spreading happiness, and those who ignore it have a lot to learn about life.
The best policy for us to observe is to mind our own business.
The best practice is good theory.
The best predictor of having a good sex life after menopause is having a good sex life before menopause.
The best prepared athlete won the race.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
The best records of childhood cancers were from Western countries, including the United States, which kept records on almost 100 percent of sick children. Five percent or less of the data came from Africa and Asia, according to the report. In those low resource settings, Steliarova-Foucher says many cancers may go undiagnosed because of a lack of awareness and the unavailability of diagnostic equipment.
The best refutation of the imaginary Malthusian laws of "land depletion" is the practice of Soviet collective farming.
The best remedy for our own troubles is the misfortune of others.
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be and that God wishes to see people happy, amidst the simple beauty of nature. As long as this exists, and it certainly always will, I know that then there will always be comfort for every sorrow, whatever the circumstances may be. And I firmly believe that nature brings solace in all troubles.
The best revenge is indifference, contempt.
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy.
The best salad you'll ever eat is the one they serve with their lunch special.
The best salad you’ll ever eat is the one they serve with their lunch special.
The best solution can only be found by a process of trial and error.
The best student is the one who accepts the correction.
The best swimmers are oftenest drowned.
The best teams are made up of a bunch of nobodies who love everybody and serve anybody and don't care about becoming a somebody.
The best that we can do is remain quiet.
The best thing Algeria could do is diversify its economy.
The best thing Yanni could do was to learn Berber.
The best thing about Japan is its video games.
The best thing about life is the certainty that it will end.
The best thing about playing an instrument you invented, no one knows if you suck or not.
The best thing about that place is the barbecue area where they supply you with everything you need.
The best thing about the fireworks was the reflection they made in the water.
The best thing about traveling is not gaining but losing. And the best thing to lose while traveling is the self.
The best thing about working in a team is that, when something goes wrong, you can always blame someone else.
The best thing for a mediocre or past-their-prime comedian's career is to pretend to be "canceled."
The best thing for the field is to fertilize it with organic products.
The best thing for you is to follow the advice of your doctor.
The best thing in the world for a man is to choose a good wife, the worst being to mistakenly choose an ill-suited one.
The best thing in the world is freedom of speech.
The best thing is to telephone her.
The best thing is to tell the truth.
The best thing on translation was said by Cervantes: translation is the other side of a tapestry.
The best thing one can do is be quiet.
The best thing the company could've done was adopt a new policy.
The best thing to do in a case like this is to be quiet.
The best thing to do is to ask an expert to repair it.
The best thing to do was to not talk any more about those events.
The best thing would be for you to do the work yourself.
The best thing would be for you to do the work yourselves.
The best thing you can do now is get some sleep.
The best thing you can do now is to get some sleep.
The best thing you can have is good friends.
The best thing, if corrupted, becomes the most troublesome thing.
The best things in life are expensive.
The best things in life are free.
The best things in life aren't things.
The best things in life aren’t bought; they’re shared.
The best time for grapes is September.
The best time of life is when we are young.
The best time of life is when you are young.
The best time of my life was when I was in my mother's womb, I was really good there.
The best time to attack is when they're not expecting an attack.
The best time to cook is when you're hungry.
The best time to do that is right now.
The best time to drink this wine is up for debate.
The best time to go shopping is between 3:00 and 5:00.
The best time to go shopping is between three and five.
The best time to go shopping is between three o'clock and five o'clock.
The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
The best time to plant a tree is twenty years ago, and the second best time is now.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is today.
The best trans athletes have never exceeded the best cis athletes in any sport.
The best translation of that article is by Tom.
The best violins are made with wood from trees that have been struck by lightning.
The best was yet to come.
The best way for adjusting the gap between the internal and the external price and securing economic growth is to promote the non-manufacturing industry's productivity by aggressive investing in facilities.
The best way for adjusting the gap between the internal and the external price and securing economic growth is to promote the non-manufacturing industry’s productivity by aggressive investing in facilities.
The best way is to do one thing at a time.
The best way is to take things as they come.
The best way out is always through.
The best way to become a good kisser is to practice frequently.
The best way to build up your vocabulary is by reading books.
The best way to catch a train on time is to make sure to miss the one that precedes it.
The best way to conceptualize looting is as similar to pollution, a byproduct of the economics of the antiquities trade.
The best way to control calories is distance.
The best way to convince a fool that he is wrong is to let him have his way.
The best way to cure nature is to get rid of humans.
The best way to do this is to have all the presents collected in one place until everyone has arrived.
The best way to end the drought is to pipe water from places where it is abundant to places where it is lacking.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
The best way to get better at French is to speak French with native speakers.
The best way to get rid of an earworm is to replace it with another.
The best way to get rid of stress is to do a little exercise.
The best way to go about finding a good plan is to look for weaknesses in your opponent's position.
The best way to have a friend is to be a friend.
The best way to help is to not get in the way.
The best way to help us is to contribute in your own native language.
The best way to improve English quickly is lots of practice.
The best way to instill an idea in other people is to make them believe that it comes from themselves.
The best way to keep your word is never to give it.
The best way to know a foreign country is to go there yourself.
The best way to know what a country is like is to go and see it with your own eyes.
The best way to learn English is to go to America.
The best way to learn French is to live in a French-speaking country.
The best way to learn a foreign language is to go live in a country where it's spoken.
The best way to learn a foreign language is to go to the country where it is spoken.
The best way to learn a language is to approach it like a child would. Just listen to your environments and surroundings. After some time, you still start to pick up words, grammar, the pronunciation and more stuff.
The best way to learn a language is to live in a country where it's spoken.
The best way to learn a new language is to learn like children.
The best way to learn any language is to learn from children.
The best way to learn is by practicing.
The best way to learn is to make mistakes.
The best way to learn new vocabulary is through reading.
The best way to learn to swim is to swim.
The best way to learn vocabulary is by using creative jingles.
The best way to lose weight is to eat less and exercise more.
The best way to lose weight is to eat properly and get a lot of exercise.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
The best way to make your own dreams come true is to wake up.
The best way to master English composition is to keep a diary in English.
The best way to master a foreign language is to go to the country where it is spoken.
The best way to observe fish is to become a fish.
The best way to predict the future is to create it yourself.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
The best way to prevent coronavirus, the WHO says, is using common sense such as hand-washing and social distancing.
The best way to really know a person is to see how he behaves when he is absolutely free to choose.
The best way to remember something is to keep it repetitive.
The best way to ruin a good cup of coffee is to put cream and sugar in it.
The best way to see my home town is by ferry.
The best way to solve a problem is sometimes the simplest.
The best way to solve this problem is to move to Algeria.
The best way to solve unemployment is to work.
The best way to study people is to travel.
The best way to understand a sentence is to translate it.
The best way to write letters is to put down whatever is in your mind.
The best way to write letters is to write whatever is on your mind.
The best wealth is knowledge, average wealth is children, and the smallest wealth is material objects.
The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy.
The best yarn is that spun by hand.
The best you can do for Tom now is let him rest.
The best, I think, is yet to come.
The best, most beautiful, and most perfect way that we have of expressing a sweet concord of mind to each other is by music.
The best-kept secret is the one that is revealed to no one.
The best-known compositions by Franz Liszt are his nineteen Hungarian Rhapsodies, but he also created beautiful sonatas, symphonies, concerti, Lieder, and religious compositions.
The best-known compositions by Franz Liszt are his nineteen Hungarian Rhapsodies, but he also created beautiful sonatas, symphonies, concerti, songs, and religious compositions.
The best-known linguistic process with respect to the rejuvenation of Hebrew is the expansion of its vocabulary.
The best-known transcendental numbers are π and e.
The betrayal changed everything between them.
The betrayal cut deeper than any wound.
The betrayal cut me to the bone.
The betrayal ended a friendship that had lasted for years.
The betrayal felt like a knife to the heart.
The betrayal haunted him for years after it happened.
The betrayal left a scar that would never heal.
The betrayal left her heartbroken and confused.
The betrayal left him speechless and heartbroken.
The betrayal of a friend is a real tragedy.
The betrayal of our bond is what affects me the most.
The betrayal shattered the trust they had built.
The betrayal was something she never expected.
The better cooked the meat is, the quicker its digestion.
The better half of my life is gone.
The better he knows the language, the less he likes it.
The better players helped those who were not so good at sports.
The better quality of cloth is more expensive.
The better team won.
The better you get to know her, the more you'll like her.
The better you get to know her, the more you’ll like her.
The better your education is, the greater your opportunities will be.
The beverage I usually drink has changed its formula.
The bezel on that old iPhone model was white.
The biblical Tower of Babel is what architects call a ziggurat.
The bibliography has a list of books which go into more detail on amphibians and reptiles: their identification, and natural history, range, and care in captivity.
The bibliography of his works in book-form includes fifty-seven titles.
The bicycle I had used for many years was stolen.
The bicycle by the door is mine.
The bicycle chain clinked as he pedaled.
The bicycle chain keeps on derailing.
The bicycle is between the cars.
The bicycle is in the street.
The bicycle is mine.
The bicycle is not for sale.
The bicycle is racing to finish.
The bicycle is the most elegant and efficient means of transport ever invented.
The bicycle is the most elegant, most efficient means of transport ever invented.
The bicycle is the most elegant, most efficient transportation device ever invented.
The bicycle is the most elegant, most efficient vehicle ever invented.
The bicycle light is unreliable for illuminating the road.
The bicycle may be mastered, and easily mastered, by remembering all the things not to do and by doing all the things that should be done.
The bicycle needs repair.
The bicycle needs to be fixed.
The bicycle on the left is Tom's.
The bicycle path can be recognized by the red color of the pavement.
The bicycle reflects the personality of its owner to a certain extent.
The bicycle the man stole was returned to its owner.
The bicycle under the tree is mine.
The bicycle wheels spun rapidly as he pedaled down the road.
The bidet-toilet itself has not spread much outside of Japan.
The big German man cut the cheese after finishing his beer.
The big beet was rotten.
The big boss doesn't care what Tom does with the company.
The big boulder is gone.
The big box is moving.
The big building was blazing with lights.
The big building was locked.
The big car pulled up suddenly.
The big cat scratch got infected.
The big change is the proximity to death.
The big children are playing in the street.
The big cities are full of allurements.
The big computer screen was blue.
The big cooking pot is on the kitchen table.
The big day has arrived.
The big day is approaching.
The big demo is tomorrow.
The big dog doesn't listen to its owner.
The big dog frightened the baby.
The big dog is frightening them.
The big dog remained calm as the small dog hung from its leg.
The big dung beetle stole the dung ball from the smaller one.
The big fire reduced the whole town to ashes.
The big fish ate the small one.
The big fish eat the small fish.
The big fish eat the small ones.
The big fish eats the little fish.
The big fish eats the small one.
The big fish eats the small ones.
The big fish loves the deep.
The big flower is blue.
The big flower is red.
The big flower is yellow.
The big girl turned out to be a good person.
The big houses on the hill are blue.
The big houses on the hills are blue.
The big houses on the mountain are blue.
The big investor bought up the stocks.
The big man works quickly but the small one works slowly.
The big moment has come.
The big mountains were far away from the small town.
The big nations should not interfere with the smaller nations.
The big oak tree breaks the force of the wind.
The big olive tree is the guardian of the island.
The big one got away.
The big one or the small one?
The big ones are usually hard to find a place for.
The big problem is Tom.
The big problem is not that I'm fat now, but that I'm doing everything with the same rhythm, basically with the same speed as when I was 30 kilos lighter. And it puts a lot of stress on my body.
The big problem with all of these old tires is that they're tough, and if they end up in a landfill, it's unclear how long it will take for them to decompose, especially if they're covered up by other garbage.
The big problem with people is that they often don't recognize their mistakes.
The big promotion of that company's stock was just a cover-up to hide their impending bankruptcy.
The big promotion of that company’s stock was just a cover-up to hide their impending bankruptcy.
The big question is how are we going to pay for it.
The big question is how does Tom feel.
The big question is how to fix this?
The big question is what do we do about it.
The big question is what do we do now.
The big question is why.
The big rock on top is the size of three school buses.
The big secret's finally out.
The big ship rammed a fishing boat.
The big ship rammed the fishing boat.
The big shirt is brown.
The big spider hid behind the refrigerator.
The big store is closed.
The big studio window was open at the top, and let in a pleasant breeze from the northwest.
The big toe on my right foot hurts.
The big tree in the school garden is over 200 years old.
The big tree was struck by lightning.
The big ugly tree destroys the beauty of the house.
The big wheel is my favourite.
The big white dog looks at that cat.
The big window looks out on a garden.
The big, bad wolf swallowed the old lady whole in an instant.
The big, fat Indian wedding is no longer restricted to the rich. As a booming economy has put more money into the hands of the middle class, they too are staging extravagant, multi-day celebrations at five star hotels and farmhouses.
The big, yellow bus came hurtling down the street.
The bigger a city grows, the dirtier the air and water become.
The bigger boys torment the little ones.
The bigger fish eat the smaller ones.
The bigger man often wins.
The bigger the tiger, the larger the footprints.
The bigger the words he used, the harder it was to find anything in them.
The bigger they are, the harder they fall.
The bigger they come, the harder they fall.
The bigger, the better.
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
The biggest bedroom had a small, ornate fireplace on one wall which had seen recent use judging by the ashes crumbling in the grate.
The biggest bird killer is the cat.
The biggest branch of our family tree originated, as far back as we can trace it, in what is now Belarus.
The biggest cause of species decline in Australia is habitat loss.
The biggest caveat of using social media is reduced privacy.
The biggest challenge to the project will be the availability of workers with the skills required to bring it to fruition.
The biggest climate polluter is the global power sector.
The biggest concern is cost.
The biggest damage done to Tatoeba is to change correct sentences that have correct translations.
The biggest defeat for an atheist is ending up in paradise.
The biggest difference between bandy and floorball is that bandy is played on ice.
The biggest donor was Ziri and his parents.
The biggest door is next to the window.
The biggest downside to newer books is that they keep us from reading older books.
The biggest house of the village is ours.
The biggest hurdle for pupils writing the exam was question fourteen.
The biggest issue we have is money.
The biggest lie is the ego.
The biggest mistake of my life is called Tom.
The biggest mistake you can make is doing nothing.
The biggest mistake you made was to take me for granted.
The biggest natural gas supplier of Spain is Algeria.
The biggest obstacle for us is Tom.
The biggest organized crime group in the country is now the government.
The biggest potatoes grow for the dumbest farmers.
The biggest predictor of self-reported porn addiction is religiosity.
The biggest problem for lesser known languages is the negligible number of resources or a complete lack thereof.
The biggest problem in Tom and Mary's marriage is Mary's mother's interference.
The biggest problem in his life? “The inflation rate,” he said in a recent interview beneath the grove of coconut trees that fringe the lily pond where his cows drink and bathe.
The biggest problem in the world is that the nerds and lunatics are always so sure of themselves (believing that what they think is true), and the smarter people are always so full of doubt.
The biggest problem is water.
The biggest problem of the hour is unemployment.
The biggest problem we have is lack of space.
The biggest problem we have is money.
The biggest problem we have is supply.
The biggest problem with artificial intelligence is that you can't scare it!
The biggest problem with immigration is its multicultural character. The trouble is not that workers migrate when necessary, but the insurmountable cultural gap that separates them from the host societies. Without going any further, Muslim immigration in Europe is a good example.
The biggest regrets for college graduates are the huge debts they’ve racked up.
The biggest surprise is yet to come.
The biggest threat to democracy in the United States is voter suppression.
The biggest tokamak to date is under construction in France.
The biggest victory is to win over yourself.
The biggest, densest population center in England is London.
The bike I loved for many years was stolen.
The bike leans on the right before turning right.
The bike parked over there is my brother's.
The bike ride told on Louie.
The bike screeched to a stop.
The bike skidded to a stop.
The bike trail goes perpendicular to the road.
The bike was Dan's prized possession.
The bike was mangled in its collision with the truck.
The bike will never fit in the trunk of your car.
The bike's mine.
The biker was bombarded by clouds of gnats along every mile of the bike trail.
The bike’s mine.
The bilby is a nocturnal marsupial and digs complex burrows to provide shelter from high summer temperatures and protection from predators.
The bilby is a vulnerable marsupial with rabbit-like ears.
The bilge water needs to be pumped out regularly.
The bilingual school teaches English and Portuguese.
The bill added up to three thousand dollars.
The bill amounted to 100 dollars.
The bill amounted to 400 pesos.
The bill amounted to 500 dollars.
The bill amounted to three hundred dollars.
The bill amounts to 500 dollars.
The bill amounts to fifty dollars.
The bill amounts to five thousand yen.
The bill approved by the opposition-controlled upper house of parliament aims to terminate that special law.
The bill at last went through.
The bill came to over $25.
The bill could be paid today.
The bill for subsidized healthcare was tabled last week.
The bill in Italian restaurants will usually include a small bread and cover charge.
The bill is due on the 1st of next month.
The bill is expected to be enacted during the present session.
The bill must be paid today.
The bill needs to be paid today.
The bill passed at the last moment.
The bill passed both Houses.
The bill passed by a small majority of 10 votes.
The bill passed the Diet.
The bill passed unanimously.
The bill still has to be paid today.
The bill triggered a storm of outrage.
The bill was $30.
The bill was $300.
The bill was approved by an overwhelming majority.
The bill was difficult to calculate.
The bill was drifting along for years.
The bill was eviscerated before being passed by the legislature.
The bill was finally shelved.
The bill was hard to calculate.
The bill was paid every third week.
The bill was paid in coin.
The bill was passed after a hard fight in the House.
The bill was passed by a majority, although the Socialist Party was strongly opposed to it.
The bill was passed by an overwhelming majority.
The bill was removed from circulation.
The bill wasn't as expensive as I thought it was going to be.
The bill went through.
The bill will never go through.
The bill's correct, thank you.
The bill, please!
The bill, please! I'll get this today.
The bill, please.
The bill, which will undoubtedly face legal challenges, will not go into effect until 2023.
The billboard displayed an ad for an upcoming movie.
The billion-dollar ballpark is to open next year at this time. Yankee officials say it will continue to honor team history but will provide what they call a modern fan experience.
The billionaire accusing the prime minister of ignoring sex trafficking supports replacing him with an actual sex trafficker.
The billionaire class felt threatened by what Reddit and Twitter enabled their users to do, so they broke them.
The billionaire class is making a concerted effort to dismantle popular tools for spreading information, such as Twitter and Reddit.
The billionaire class is nearly united in their efforts to destroy our social media infrastructure.
The billionaire flooded the swamp with sewer water.
The billionaire made his fortune by hiring people with Asperger's syndrome to work in marketing.
The billionaire's daughter bought a castle in England with her pocket money.
The billionaire's nearly dozen casinos, attracting thousands of high rollers a month from around the region, have been generating two-thirds of Macao's tax revenues.
The billionaires died fast.
The billionaires sleep with the fishes.
The bills are all done by computers.
The bills are paid all year.
The bills keep piling up.
The billy goat is bleating.
The bimonthly injection seems to be an easier treatment regimen to stick to than daily pills, according to Mitchell Warren, executive director of AVAC, an HIV prevention advocacy organization.
The bin has been emptied.
The bin is empty.
The bin is full.
The bin lorry will not be coming tomorrow, then.
The binary logarithm also frequently appears in the analysis of algorithms, not only because of the frequent use of binary number arithmetic in algorithms, but also because binary logarithms occur in the analysis of algorithms based on two-way branching.
The binary logarithm of 1 is 0, the binary logarithm of 2 is 1, the binary logarithm of 4 is 2, and the binary logarithm of 32 is 5.
The binary number system uses only two digits: 0 and 1.
The binding energy between quarks constitutes 99 percent of proton and neutron mass.
The binding energy between quarks in a nucleon is equal to its mass times the speed of light squared.
The binding is white buckram, with dark green cloth sides richly gilt.
The binmen come three times a week.
The binmen put the rubbish into the bin lorry.
The binmen put the rubbish into the dustcart.
The bins have been emptied.
The bins have got to go out today.
The bins were blown over by a gust of wind.
The biochemistry test was a cinch.
The biofuel is known as cellulosic ethanol, and if successful, supporters say it could provide an abundant source of energy while quieting critics who say the growth of the biofuel business has put a strain on food prices and the environment.
The biological threat was contained.
The biologist classifies the newly found species in its own genus, whereas other taxonomists want to put it into an established genus.
The biologist collected data on the centipede's movement patterns and speed.
The biologist concentrated on observing the phenomenon.
The biologist installed a camera inside the eagles' nest.
The biologist is proud of his historic discovery.
The biologist looked at a spore under the microscope.
The biologist measured the centipede's length and documented its physical features.
The biologist observed how the centipede interacted with its environment.
The biologist studied the centipede's feeding habits and prey preferences.
The biologists used a hydrophone to record whale calls.
The biology of plants is a complex and fascinating subject.
The biology on this globe is carbon-based. Some have speculated that there could be silicon-based forms of biology elsewhere in this universe. There yet could be plasma-based biology. There could be incorporeal biology. There could be other probabilities.
The biology professor said that aardvarks are excellent diggers.
The biology teacher is called Sonia.
The bioluminescence gave the sea an eerie glow.
The bioluminescent bay was the highlight of our trip.
The bioweapon is still at the camp.
The bipartisan commission's recommendations were ignored.
The birch has white bark.
The birch leaves have already turned yellow.
The birches and wild cherry trees were outlined in pearl.
The bird I saw singing on a tree yesterday came back today.
The bird always returns to its nest.
The bird chirped as they approached.
The bird chirped happily as it perched on the branch.
The bird dipped its head into the water.
The bird escaped from its cage.
The bird fell and died.
The bird flapped its wings.
The bird flew around over the nest before settling down.
The bird flew away and disappeared from view.
The bird flew away and was lost to sight.
The bird flew away as they neared.
The bird flew away, but the arrow hit its plumage and a golden feather fell to the earth.
The bird flew away, disappearing from view.
The bird flew away.
The bird flew high.
The bird flew into the cage.
The bird flew into the woods.
The bird flew out.
The bird flew overhead as they walked.
The bird flew past as they talked.
The bird flew up into the blue sky.
The bird flies above the clouds.
The bird flies amazingly quickly.
The bird flies through the sunny savannah.
The bird flies towards the house.
The bird flies.
The bird fluttered a few yards and dropped at the feet of Lucy, whose dress was stained with some spots of its blood.
The bird fluttered its wings.
The bird fluttered when they approached.
The bird followed them on their walk.
The bird found a few morsels of bread, of which it would only eat a crumb, and gave the rest to the other starving sparrows which it called up.
The bird got out of the cage.
The bird had a broken wing.
The bird has beautiful plumage.
The bird has not returned.
The bird hasn't returned.
The bird in the cage is singing happily.
The bird is beautiful.
The bird is big.
The bird is dead.
The bird is drinking water.
The bird is easy prey for the cat.
The bird is eating a sandwich.
The bird is eating little insects.
The bird is flying over the roof of the house.
The bird is flying.
The bird is in heaven.
The bird is in its nest.
The bird is in the sky.
The bird is injured.
The bird is known in different forms to different people of Bangladesh.
The bird is looking for worms.
The bird is native to Malaysia.
The bird is on the roof.
The bird is outside.
The bird is singing.
The bird is singing. Can you hear it?
The bird is sitting on my father's head.
The bird is so beautiful!
The bird is spreading its wings.
The bird is thirsty.
The bird is trying to get the insect.
The bird is tweeting. Do you hear it?
The bird is way more scared of you than you are of it.
The bird knows how to fly.
The bird landed where they stood.
The bird likes rice.
The bird looked for beetles.
The bird never gave away its location.
The bird on the roof is a crow.
The bird perched near where they sat.
The bird picked up the twig with its beak and flew to its nest.
The bird preened its feathers.
The bird quivered its wings.
The bird sang a beautiful melody.
The bird sang in the tree.
The bird sang loudly when they arrived.
The bird sang while they watched.
The bird sings even if it has its wings clipped.
The bird sings.
The bird soared above.
The bird spread its wings.
The bird spreads its wings.
The bird started to sing and made my day brighter.
The bird sung on the branch.
The bird that sings in the morning is caught by the cat in the evening.
The bird vanished from view.
The bird wants to drink.
The bird was a dark blotch against the perfect blue sky for several seconds, and then, suddenly folding his pinions and closing his tail, he darted downward like a bomb dropped from an aeroplane.
The bird was a dark blotch against the sky.
The bird was about that big.
The bird was caught by the cat.
The bird was changing location.
The bird was covered with white feathers.
The bird was half as large as an eagle.
The bird was half the size of a hawk.
The bird was injured.
The bird was looking for worms.
The bird was once alive.
The bird was only half the size of a hawk.
The bird was out of sight.
The bird was sitting in the tree wagging its tail.
The bird wasn't quickly eaten by the cat.
The bird went far away.
The bird went inside the tree.
The bird went up higher and higher into the sky.
The bird with the beard drinks a beer with the bear with the beard.
The bird's beautiful tail helps it attract females.
The bird's body is damaged.
The bird's cry broke the silence of the woods.
The bird's feathers were all of pure gold.
The bird's wing was broken.
The bird, (this kingfisher, nesting in the sea) is covered with feathers, flies with pinions, and has two wings, and as many pedida, a tail, and a bill. The female, in a nest, lays eggs, and incubating those, hatches chicks.
The bird-like alien flew back to Martino.
The bird-like creature flew away.
The birdhouse is situated in a tree near Matthew's house.
The birdies had grown up, and had flown away.
The birds always return to the nest.
The birds are building a nest.
The birds are chirping.
The birds are drinking water.
The birds are eating bread.
The birds are flying above the trees.
The birds are flying around.
The birds are flying high in the sky.
The birds are flying near the people.
The birds are flying south.
The birds are quite talkative today.
The birds are red.
The birds are silent in the wood.
The birds are singing beautifully.
The birds are singing in the trees.
The birds are singing merrily in the cage.
The birds are singing merrily.
The birds are singing.
The birds are so tame they will eat from your hand.
The birds are watching us.
The birds are weathering the storm underneath the eaves of the house.
The birds are whistling.
The birds ate the bread crumbs.
The birds ate the bugs taking turns.
The birds ate the fish.
The birds build a nest.
The birds chirp loudly while flying rapidly.
The birds chirped merrily in the morning sun.
The birds chirped outside the window all day long.
The birds chose the perfect place to raise a family.
The birds don't seem scared of the plastic owl.
The birds flapped their wings.
The birds flew away in alarm when they saw the cat.
The birds flew away in all directions.
The birds flew away.
The birds flew in a flock.
The birds flew off in different directions.
The birds flew south in search of warmth.
The birds flew south.
The birds flew to the south.
The birds flew towards a high tower.
The birds fluttered away at the noise.
The birds fluttered joyfully from branch to branch.
The birds fly away.
The birds fly below the clouds.
The birds fly by flapping their wings.
The birds fly low over our garden.
The birds fly.
The birds headed north.
The birds hid themselves among the leaves and started to sing.
The birds in the cage are canaries.
The birds in the cage are singing merrily.
The birds in the woods are silent.
The birds jumped from branch to branch.
The birds make their nest usually with small twigs found here and in the forest.
The birds make their nests in spring.
The birds outside are singing.
The birds pecked grains.
The birds placed a nest on a branch.
The birds quickly became accustomed to the stuffed scarecrow.
The birds return in the Spring.
The birds sang as only birds can sing on a bright spring morning.
The birds sang in the early morning light.
The birds sang.
The birds seem to be having fun.
The birds seem to be on the lookout for food all day.
The birds settled on the branches.
The birds sing as soon as the morning comes.
The birds soar in the air.
The birds started singing today at exactly 4:09.
The birds stopped chirping.
The birds stopped singing.
The birds taught me their song and the trees invited me to their concerts.
The birds took off.
The birds twitter cheerfully.
The birds use the scarecrow as a perch.
The birds used to sing in the trees.
The birds went across the sea.
The birds were chirping happily.
The birds were chirping.
The birds were coming towards them, flying almost over their heads.
The birds were fluttering their wings.
The birds were flying in a flock.
The birds were flying in a group.
The birds were hungry.
The birds were let out of the cage.
The birds were not shy, but let the girls take them in their hands, and stroke their gold and silver feathers.
The birds were singing in the forest.
The birds were singing in the sky.
The birds were singing in the trees.
The birds were somehow controlled by Ziri.
The birds' beautiful singing was heard among the trees.
The birds' home is in the forest, the fish's home is in the river, the bees' home is in the flowers, and the little children's is in China. We love our motherland from the time we're little, as the birds love the forest, the fish love the river, and the bees love the flowers.
The birds' singing is pretty.
The birds' songs are pleasant.
The birdsong is pleasant.
The birdsong was pleasant.
The birdsongs are beautiful.
The birds’ home is in the forest, the fish’s home is in the river, the bees’ home is in the flowers, and the little children’s is in China. We love our motherland from the time we’re little, as the birds love the forest, the fish love the river, and the bees love the flowers.
The bird’s beautiful tail helps it attract females.
The bird’s cry broke the silence of the woods.
The bird’s wing was broken.
The birth is imminent. The water broke.
The birth mother gave birth to two beautiful fraternal twins, weighing two kilograms each.
The birth of a child completely transforms your life.
The birth rate and death rate were nearly equal.
The birth rate has been decreasing recently.
The birth rate in the US is higher than in many wealthy nations but it is declining.
The birth rate is very low.
The birth rates are declining due to the impact of autoimmune diseases.
The birth went perfectly.
The birthday boy splashed out and bought a round for everyone in the pub.
The birthday cake I had for my birthday was baked by my friend.
The birthday festival is based on a legend that colorful flowers and honeydew fell from the sky when Buddha was born.
The birthday girl splashed out and bought a round for everyone in the pub.
The birthday has to be celebrated in the morning.
The birthday is the day on which a person was born.
The birthday of this American actor is the 4th of July.
The birthday of this American singer is September 11.
The birthday of this Russian writer is October 7th.
The birthday of two of my children is February 19th.
The birthday party is tomorrow.
The birthday party was a surprise.
The birthday pictures are very sharp.
The birthrate is pretty low.
The birthrate is quite low.
The birthrate is rapidly declining in this country.
The birthrate is rather low.
The birthrate will continue to decline for years to come.
The birthstone of April is diamond.
The birthstone of February is amethyst. It's Japanese name is "Murasaki Suishou".
The biscuit crumbled in my hands.
The biscuit crumbled the moment I touched it.
The biscuit is under the table.
The biscuit was coated with a wafer-thin layer of chocolate.
The biscuits are on the table.
The biscuits are vegan.
The bishop came back from holiday to her diocese.
The bishop drinks, and the deacon, the sister drinks, the brother drinks, the old woman drinks, the mother drinks, this one drinks, that one drinks, a hundred drink, a thousand drink.
The bishop felt pity for the immigrants who were abandoned, and gave them help.
The bishop moves diagonally.
The bishop played a prominent role in the community, promoting education, advocating for prison reform, and ministering to epidemic victims.
The bishop saw them at church.
The bishop spoke, but he avoided addressing the issue.
The bishop talked without commenting on the situation.
The bishop took pity on the desperate immigrants.
The bishop took the knight, putting the opponent's king in check.
The bishop's role includes the power to select, ordain, and supervise ministers.
The bishops were in favor of the proposition.
The bison is now the national mammal of the United States.
The bison is the national mammal of the United States.
The bison was grazing peacefully.
The bison were stampeding across the plain.
The bitch is biting her owner.
The bitch!
The bite isn't very deep.
The bite of this spider causes intense pain.
The biter bit.
The biter, bit.
The bits of advice, the little asides, are slipped into the text.
The bits of costume and harness that Flaubert mentions have vanished, but the reasons he calls them out are eternal.
The bitter gourd, even if fried in butter and put in sugar, remains bitter nonetheless.
The bitter wind made it seem a lot colder than the actual temperature.
The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone.
The bizarre movie Atanarjuat: The Fast Runner, directed by Zacharias Kunuk, fired up my imagination of the cold Inuit life in the snowy Arctic. I surmise that the Inuit have a Japanesque culture.
The black Labrador greeted us cheerfully.
The black SUV parked in front of the house.
The black SUV raced down the highway.
The black and white bears living in the mountains in China and Tibet are called ’pandas’.
The black and white bears living in the mountains of China and Tibet are called pandas.
The black and white dog has bitten me.
The black and white dog was Tom's only friend.
The black and white pattern on the underside of each humpback's fluke is as unique as a fingerprint.
The black and white photograph captured a historic moment.
The black and white squares on a checker board are arranged alternately.
The black angel spread those jet-black wings wide and flew up into the sky.
The black bags are flying in the sky like crows!
The black bear was chasing Adriano's German Shepherd through the clearing.
The black belt signifies martial arts expertise.
The black boots matched her outfit perfectly.
The black box is not actually black.
The black car raced down the highway.
The black car sped away.
The black car sped down the highway.
The black car sped down the winding mountain road.
The black car sped past us on the highway.
The black cat brought luck to the house.
The black cat crossed my path.
The black cat crossed the road.
The black cat curled up on the windowsill.
The black cat is eating a white rat.
The black cat is eating the white mouse.
The black cat is running fast.
The black cat napped lazily in the sun.
The black cat napped on the windowsill.
The black cat napped peacefully in the sunbeam.
The black cat purred as it was being pet.
The black cat purred contentedly on the couch.
The black cat purred softly.
The black cat purred when it was being pet.
The black cat purred when it was pet.
The black cat purred, as if he was being petted.
The black cat ran quickly.
The black cat runs fast.
The black cat stealthily crept through the bushes.
The black cat stealthily crept through the garden.
The black cat stealthily crossed the street.
The black cat stretched lazily in the sun.
The black cat's eyes gleamed in the dark.
The black cat's tail twitched as it watched.
The black caviar added a touch of luxury to the meal.
The black coat kept her warm.
The black coffee brewed slowly.
The black coffee helped me stay awake.
The black coffee percolated in the pot.
The black coffee perked him up for the night.
The black coffee was piping hot.
The black coffee was strong and aromatic.
The black coffee was strong and bitter.
The black crow perched on the fence.
The black currant juice tasted kind of musky.
The black dog chased its tail playfully.
The black dog is running in the meadow.
The black dog on the grass was exposed to the sun.
The black dog ran.
The black dog sees the white cat.
The black dog wagged its tail excitedly.
The black dress hung elegantly in the closet.
The black dress was elegant.
The black exhaust fumes from the factory polluted the air.
The black fabric had faded to a deep purple color.
The black forest hid many secrets within its depths.
The black granite countertops gleamed in the sunlight.
The black grapes are as sweet as the white ones.
The black guitar's strings vibrated with each passionate strum.
The black hat completed his stylish outfit.
The black hat sat crooked.
The black hat shielded her from the sun.
The black hole caused the ship to stretch and compress.
The black hole devoured the star.
The black hole is surrounded by a rotating disk of ionized gas.
The black hole pulls the hapless star into its maw.
The black horse cantered gracefully across the meadow.
The black horse galloped across the field.
The black ice made driving hazardous.
The black ink flowed smoothly.
The black ink spilled across the desk.
The black ink spilled on the page.
The black ink stained my shirt.
The black ink stained the paper as she wrote.
The black ink stained the paper.
The black inkwell sat on the antique writing desk.
The black jacket kept him warm.
The black jaguar stealthily stalked its prey through the rainforest.
The black kite sat on the scaffolding and watched us with curious intent.
The black kite was injured and it became a target for hungry crows.
The black kitten hopped to avoid the puddle, and passed under the neighbouring hedge.
The black kitten played with a yarn ball.
The black labrador greeted visitors with a wagging tail.
The black labrador wagged its tail happily.
The black labrador wagged its tail with excitement.
The black leather couch added a touch of sophistication.
The black leather couch was the centerpiece of the living room.
The black leather jacket exuded a sense of coolness.
The black leather sofa dominated the living room.
The black mamba slithered through the tall grass silently.
The black market flourished.
The black market of drugs and weapons is very wide.
The black mold-like substance spread throughout the house.
The black motorcycle jacket added a rugged edge to his look.
The black mouse is small.
The black mouse on the screen is dying.
The black one is mine.
The black ones are mine.
The black panther prowled silently through the jungle.
The black pawns belong to me.
The black pepper added a spicy kick to the dish.
The black pepper gave the dish a spicy kick.
The black phone is more expensive than the white one.
The black phone rang loudly.
The black phones are more expensive than the white ones.
The black raven perched on the branch.
The black satin ribbon adorned her hair beautifully.
The black shoes matched the suit very well.
The black silk scarf fluttered in the breeze.
The black sky heralded an impending storm.
The black sky was filled with stars.
The black smoke blotted out the sun.
The black sow was bigger than the pink one.
The black spider scuttled across the floor.
The black spider scuttled away quickly.
The black spider spun an intricate web in the corner.
The black stallion galloped gracefully across the field.
The black suit made him look sophisticated.
The black suitcase was heavy.
The black sweater kept her warm.
The black tea has more tannin since black tea leaves are more oxidized.
The black telephone costs more than the white.
The black telephone is more expensive than the white one.
The black tie event had an air of sophistication.
The black tie event required formal attire.
The black umbrella is Tom's.
The black umbrella shielded her from the rain.
The black velvet curtains added a touch of luxury to the room.
The black violin case held his prized instrument securely.
The black volcanic sand beach stretched for miles.
The black wallet was found on the street.
The black waves rose like mountains.
The black-and-white bears which live in the mountains of China and Tibet are called pandas.
The black-and-white marbled cover of the classic composition book is timeless.
The black-and-white marbled cover of the classic school notebook is timeless.
The black-and-white speckled cover of the classic composition notebook is timeless.
The black-and-white speckled cover of the classic school notebook is timeless.
The black-collared dove coos on the roofs, and over the sleeping waves a voice spreads, a voice which punctuates a divine language, and with an accent so sweet that love is divined in it.
The blackberries burnt on the bottom of the pot.
The blackberries released more juice.
The blackberries released their juice.
The blackberries were floating.
The blackberries were mashed up.
The blackbird calls anxiously to her mate from the top of an apple-tree.
The blackbird found a little red worm in the green grass.
The blackbird is a well-known songbird.
The blackbird longingly sang its evening song.
The blackbird whistles.
The blackbirds' feathers are black.
The blackboard eraser is missing.
The blackboard is blank.
The blackboard needs erasing.
The blackcurrant jam paired perfectly with warm, buttered toast.
The blackout cast the city into darkness.
The blacks have to buy beer from the Koreans.
The blacksmith put down his hammer and his son took it.
The blacksmith took the hammer in his callused hand.
The blacksmith used a ferrous metal to forge a sturdy horseshoe for the horse.
The blacksmith was a member of a guild.
The blacksmith was abducted.
The blacksmith was forging a sword.
The blacktop road glistened in the heat of the afternoon sun.
The blade has dulled.
The blade of my knife is very keen.
The blade of my knife is very sharp.
The blade stops when it comes into contact with skin.
The blade was quite dull.
The blade was serrated.
The blade was shaped like a viper's fang.
The blade was very sharp.
The bladeless converter creates less noise than traditional wind turbines and does not suffer from the gyroscopic effect, which makes it easier to adjust to changes in wind direction.
The blades of grass tickled her feet.
The blame game has started.
The blame lies elsewhere.
The blame lies with me.
The blame of the sun of the world is the blame of oneself.
The blame rests with the cook.
The blameless man walked out of the courtroom feeling a great weight lift off his shoulders, a triumphant smile on his lips.
The blank canvas always presents a very difficult challenge to Lourdes, but once she achieve the first brushstroke then the rest is smooth sailing.
The blank spots have vanished from the maps. They have migrated to the history books.
The blanket does not keep me warm.
The blanket has fallen off the doll.
The blanket is a symbol of the country.
The blanket is cold.
The blanket is green and gray.
The blanket is green and pink.
The blanket is green and violet.
The blanket is red and green.
The blanket is red and white.
The blanket is scratchy.
The blanket is soft.
The blanket is still wet.
The blanket of cloud broke up.
The blanket smells of urine.
The blanket was stinking of urine.
The blanket's hem has come undone.
The blanket's seam has unraveled.
The blankets were helpful.
The blankets were too heavy and he felt hot.
The blare of the radio burst upon our ears.
The blasphemous speech caused considerable furore in the conservative country.
The blast broke a piece of the capsule.
The blast destroyed everything.
The blast was very strong.
The blast-off took place on schedule.
The blasting music made my ears bleed.
The blasting music suddenly stopped.
The blaze burned so furiously on July 26 that it created a “fire whirl.” The twirling tower of flame reached speeds of 143 mph (230 kph), which rivaled some of the most destructive Midwest tornados.
The blaze has killed two firefighters.
The blazing red sun on the horizon is sinking into the sea.
The blazing surged forward, fueled by the dry brush and strong winds.
The bleach damaged my towels.
The bleakness of day is sometimes worse than the dark.
The bleeding finally started to stop.
The bleeding has stopped.
The bleeding is not stopping.
The bleeding isn't Tom's biggest problem.
The bleeding isn't stopping.
The blesbok was chased by a lion.
The blessings of thy father are strengthened with the blessings of his fathers: until the desire of the everlasting hills should come: may they be upon the head of Joseph, and upon the crown of the Nazarite among his brethren.
The bletted medlars got really sweet.
The bletted medlars got really tasty.
The bletted medlars had an apple sauce texture.
The bletted medlars started to fall off the tree.
The bletted medlars were peeled.
The blind creature sensed something was around it.
The blind don't believe in love at first sight.
The blind fellow didn't win anything; he will probably curse people someday.
The blind is leading the blind.
The blind laugh at the lame.
The blind leading the blind.
The blind man counted his old coins.
The blind man felt his way toward the exit.
The blind man is no judge of color.
The blind man walked with his guide dog.
The blind men walked slowly.
The blind nurse devoted herself to caring for the elderly.
The blind spots people show are revealing.
The blind young man has got over his handicap.
The blind young man has overcome his handicap.
The blinds were not down, for the room was seldom used in the evening, but Mrs. Barclay herself lit the lamp and then rang the bell, asking Jane Stewart, the house-maid, to bring her a cup of tea, which was quite contrary to her usual habits.
The blinds were shut.
The bliss was often interrupted by anxiety.
The blisters have formed scabs.
The blizzard made our return to base camp more difficult.
The bloated profits of farmers at the time were something again.
The blockade began in June 1948, when Soviet troops closed all rail, road and river access to Berlin in one of the first flashpoints of the Cold War. It prompted the United States and its allies to come up with a bold plan to supply the citizens of Berlin with more than 2 million tons of goods by air to the divided city.
The blockade by Britain and the other allies was very successful.
The blocks of stone were jointed with cement.
The bloke got tied to a pole.
The bloke on the corner looks pretty hefty.
The blond maiden made a pact with the sun and the moon.
The blonde Frenchman killed the indigenous man.
The blonde girl has a really nice cleavage.
The blonde girl hugged her little horse.
The blonde woman screeched through the intersection in her new jeep.
The blonde's name is Mary.
The blood alcohol limit for drunken driving is .08 percent in Texas.
The blood bank is closed on Fridays and Saturdays.
The blood circulates through the veins.
The blood coagulated.
The blood drained from Tom's face.
The blood flows very fast.
The blood froze in her veins.
The blood froze in his veins.
The blood is red.
The blood libel is a very old example of hate speech that has led to violence against Jews in every era since it was first uttered. All it took was for the lie to spread and it would dog us forever.
The blood libel was the antisemitic accusation that Jews ritually murdered children in order to bake their blood into Passover matzos.
The blood made her excited.
The blood of heroes flows in my veins.
The blood on Ziri's legs wasn't his.
The blood on my shirt is my brother's.
The blood on the road must be mine.
The blood on the towel found in Tom's car was his own.
The blood pressure can't be determined.
The blood pressure can’t be determined.
The blood quickly drained from her face.
The blood ran red.
The blood seeped through my pantleg, and everyone knew I was wounded.
The blood stain can't be removed.
The blood started to coagulate.
The blood stream is usually constant and continuous.
The blood supply of the lower extremity comes from the external iliac artery, a branch of the common iliac, which passes obliquely downward and outward along the border of the psoas muscle to Poupart’s ligament, where it enters the thigh and becomes the femoral artery.
The blood test is normal.
The blood test was negative.
The blood test, developed by researchers at Stanford University in California, looks for patterns of immune system activation to determine whether a person is infected with the malaria parasite, and not a bacterium or virus.
The blood that came out of Ziri's wound was almost black.
The blood throbs in my veins.
The blood transfusion was successful, and he made a swift recovery.
The blood vessel was blocked by a clot.
The blood vessels of a giraffe have valves that prevent excessive blood flow to the brain.
The blood was a dark color.
The blood was attracting flies.
The blood was bright red.
The blood was still wet.
The blood-brain barrier is a natural defense system that prevents harmful substances in the blood from entering the brain. VOA’s Jessica Berman reports doctors may have found a way to get past the barrier to treat cancer patients.
The blood-brain barrier protects life's most vital organ from dangerous substances in the rest of the body.
The blood-stain cannot be removed.
The bloodthirsty dictator terrorized his nation with brutal methods.
The bloody European conflict was over.
The bloody slut snatched my credit card!
The blooms are long-lasting.
The blossoms expand under the influence of the weather.
The blossoms will be out in a few days.
The blouse costs twelve libras.
The blouse is clean.
The blouse is made of cotton.
The blow caught him in the stomach.
The blow made me see stars.
The blow of the hammer was enough to dislodge the loose brick.
The blow was so strong that it still didn't let the blood out.
The blue bicycle is new.
The blue bird flies over the cage.
The blue bird is perched on a branch, singing cheerfully.
The blue car is Tom's.
The blue car is antique.
The blue car is expensive.
The blue cup is larger than the red one.
The blue door slid open.
The blue dress is hers.
The blue dress suits her.
The blue flower is small.
The blue fox is in the zoo.
The blue ice cream on a small blue plate felt futuristic and somewhat sophisticated.
The blue jacket fits me just right.
The blue jay perched on the fence.
The blue jay's call echoed through the forest.
The blue line divides the big triangle into two smaller triangles.
The blue line divides the large triangle into two smaller ones.
The blue lines on the map correspond to rivers.
The blue lines on the map designate rivers.
The blue lines on the map represent rivers.
The blue lines on the maps are rivers.
The blue macaw is on its way to extinction.
The blue of her eyes stands out against her rather dark skin.
The blue pants cost more than the green ones.
The blue phone is on the table.
The blue rose is really beautiful.
The blue roses are very beautiful.
The blue screen of death popped up on the screen.
The blue skirt is too large for me.
The blue sky fooled me so I didn't bring an umbrella.
The blue sky fooled me so I didn’t bring an umbrella.
The blue sky is reflected in the sea.
The blue sky seemed to stretch forever.
The blue smoke from the guns rose like clouds over the dark trees.
The blue sports car came to a screeching halt.
The blue telephone is on the table.
The blue tie and red socks clash a bit.
The blue tits are building a nest.
The blue tits are making a nest.
The blue toothbrush is Tom's. The red one's Mary's.
The blue umbrella is Tom's.
The blue umbrellas are Tom's and mine.
The blue van is mine.
The blue whale grows to over 30 metres long.
The blue whale is the biggest animal in the world.
The blue whale is the biggest mammal in the world.
The blue whale is the largest animal in the world.
The blue whale is the largest animal of all time.
The blue whale is the largest animal to have ever existed.
The blue whale is the largest marine mammal, and the largest mammal on earth.
The blue whale, the largest mammal in existence, averages 30 meters in length and can weigh up to 200 tons.
The blue, blue ocean has a feminine beauty.
The blue-streaked cloudy sky is above me, this 5th of July of 2025. This morning was my 64th time this "Krismas" year to the "Clam Temple," the Roman Catholic church on St. Albans Road on Lulu Island. "64" is numerologically both Jewish and Buddhist. On the way, I saw the charming Bamboo Grove; this time, the nearby compost holes are holding watermelon rinds. Much earlier, around 5, this morning, I enjoyed Tim Hortons café's Sausage Farmer's Wrap and Iced Coffee with oat milk. A few hours later, I had an Earl Grey tea with oat milk. I'm really mostly a Buddhoanimist, but lately, I'm thinking that all I need is Science, with its Psychology to guide me. A Secular spurt? Maybe, Mr. Spock is saying, "Come back to me..." Live long and prosper!
The blueberries are defrosting on the table.
The blueberry cake he made was delicious.
The blueberry muffins at this café are cheap.
The blueberry pie was delicious; there was none left at the end of the evening.
The blueberry, the pomegranate and the olive tree have narrow leaves.
The bluebird carries the sky on his back.
The blueblood lady held the simple folks in disdain. In her eyes, they all looked boors with a brusque style, despite the fact that this time it is owing to them that she had roof above her head.
The blurbs on the back of the book suggested it was good, but it was not.
The blurry effect cleared up.
The boar has already killed several hunters who got too close.
The boar is grunting.
The boar is the symbol of the northern Xiongnu tribe.
The boar is wild.
The board aims to preestablish rules to which all future employees of the company will be held.
The board broke.
The board chairwoman happily announced increased revenues this quarter.
The board gave unanimous approval.
The board is about two meters long.
The board is about two metres long.
The board is behind the professor.
The board is filled with endless debates on which player is greater, or which win was stronger.
The board is strong enough to bear the weight.
The board members will hold a concluding discussion on 03/27/2013.
The board members will hold a concluding discussion on March 27, 2013.
The board must still approve the plans.
The board of directors gave their approbation to the CEO's new strategic plan.
The board of directors has to sign off on the deal.
The board of directors held an emergency meeting.
The board of directors is going to discuss the proposal next Tuesday.
The board of directors lacked competency.
The board readily agreed.
The board still needs to approve the plans.
The board took no action.
The board unanimously decided to appoint her as CEO.
The board used in the game of Go is checkered, but it doesn't have light and dark squares like chess and checkers boards. In Go, the stones are placed not on "squares", but on the intersections of the horizontal and vertical lines drawn on the board.
The board voted to do so.
The board was propped against the wall.
The board will decide that.
The board won't meet again until October 20th.
The board won't meet again until October twentieth.
The board's ruling can be appealed.
The boarders are now away on vacation.
The boards are held together using only wood glue.
The boards of directors of multinationals are the new feudal lords.
The boat Tom was on capsized.
The boat anchored near the shore.
The boat arrived at the port.
The boat began to take in water and soon sank.
The boat belonging to the young men of Methymna, whose withe of osiers was eaten by your goats, was carried far out to sea by the violence of the gale, but at night the wind shifted and blew towards the shore, when the boat was driven against some sharp rocks and wrecked, everything on board it being lost.
The boat can still be seen.
The boat capsized during the night.
The boat capsized.
The boat capsizes at night.
The boat carried essential goods.
The boat couldn’t reach the dock because of low water.
The boat crashed into the pier.
The boat danced on the choppy water.
The boat docked on the shore.
The boat drifted about on the sea.
The boat drifted away.
The boat drifted down the stream.
The boat drifted gently on the water.
The boat drifted out to sea.
The boat drove away from Jonas.
The boat exploded and caught fire.
The boat fell into a whirlpool and capsized.
The boat fell into a whirlpool and overturned.
The boat floated away from the shore and soon disappeared into the fog.
The boat floated on the water.
The boat goes down the river.
The boat had a radar.
The boat has a mooring in the harbour.
The boat has moorings in the harbour.
The boat hugged the shore.
The boat is anchored in the harbor.
The boat is attached to the anchor by a chain.
The boat is full of refugees.
The boat is full.
The boat is going against the current.
The boat is headed toward the harbor.
The boat is heading toward the harbor.
The boat is leaking.
The boat is lost.
The boat is now in port.
The boat is on fire.
The boat is rolling along the route.
The boat is rolling along the shipping route.
The boat is rolling.
The boat is run by the dog.
The boat is sinking.
The boat is tied to a bollard.
The boat is to leave for England this evening.
The boat isn't going to sink.
The boat isn't where I left it.
The boat leaves at 7 o'clock.
The boat made for the harbor.
The boat moved slowly away from the quay.
The boat passed under a bridge.
The boat passed under the bridge.
The boat people asked for food.
The boat plowed the waves.
The boat reached the gate.
The boat ride was so rough that he nearly vomited.
The boat rolls along the route.
The boat rolls along the shipping route.
The boat rolls.
The boat sailed across the Pacific Ocean.
The boat sailed around the promontory.
The boat sank during the storm.
The boat sank in a flash.
The boat sank to the bottom of the lake.
The boat sank to the bottom.
The boat sank with the loss of all on board.
The boat sank.
The boat shipped water and nearly capsized.
The boat started sinking.
The boat sunk and everyone died.
The boat that you want to buy has already been sold.
The boat tipped over and everyone fell into the water.
The boat took Antonio almost to the coast.
The boat uses a motor for the power.
The boat was alongside the quay.
The boat was already gone.
The boat was anchored some distance from the camp occupied by the boys, but not far out from the shore of the island.
The boat was approaching the English Channel.
The boat was at the mercy of the waves.
The boat was big.
The boat was broken by the floating ice.
The boat was brought up from the seabed by the Algerian authorities.
The boat was called "The Silver Star."
The boat was carried away with the current.
The boat was cast ashore.
The boat was clean.
The boat was constructed using high-quality marine-grade wood.
The boat was drifting in the ocean.
The boat was equipped with a radar.
The boat was equipped with radar.
The boat was frozen in.
The boat was heading to Cairo.
The boat was nowhere to be seen.
The boat was off balance because it was overloaded.
The boat was piloted safely into harbor.
The boat was rolling down the river.
The boat was seen to draw apart from the others.
The boat was specially made for the queen's voyage.
The boat was sucked in.
The boat was swallowed up in the fog.
The boat was tied to the shore by a cable.
The boat was tied with a short line.
The boat was under sail.
The boat was very crowded.
The boat will not sink.
The boat won't sink.
The boat's got a mooring in the harbour.
The boat's got moorings in the harbour.
The boat's not going to sink.
The boats are abandoned on shore.
The boats are beached on shore.
The boats collided head on.
The boats had to get close to shore and land at high tide.
The boats looked unoccupied.
The boats on the lake make a beautiful scene.
The boats were unguarded.
The bobbin thread ran out.
The bobcat was hissing at Ziri.
The bodies of reptiles are covered by scales.
The bodies of the Ziri family were never found.
The bodies were found decapitated and with the skin flayed.
The bodies were identified by dental X-rays.
The bodies were tied by their feet and hands.
The bodily effects of alcohol mostly kicks for a week.
The body absorbs the nutrients into the blood stream.
The body adapts to stress.
The body and the mind of man are so closely bound together that whatever affects one affects the other.
The body appeared to belong to Ziri.
The body changes a lot during puberty.
The body converts extra calories into fat.
The body dies, but the soul is immortal.
The body digests wheat more easily than other carbohydrates.
The body feels.
The body had burned beyond recognition.
The body has already started decomposing.
The body has been transported to the hospital.
The body has it's reasons that the reason ignores.
The body has not yet been identified.
The body hasn't yet been identified.
The body is lifeless.
The body is mortal, but the soul is immortal.
The body is only the form of the soul.
The body is perishable, but the soul is immortal.
The body is the grave of the soul.
The body is the prison of the soul.
The body is weakened by laziness just as iron is weakened by rust.
The body may rot, but the concept lives on forever.
The body must be developed along with the mind.
The body needs food and drink.
The body needs rest.
The body of God can feel pain.
The body of Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny has gone missing from the morgue where it was held.
The body of a plane is called the fuselage.
The body of a recruit has been exhumed for a second post-mortem.
The body of an insect is divided into head, thorax and abdomen.
The body of that man still hasn't been found.
The body of the plane is called the fuselage. It is generally a long tube shape.
The body quickly adjusts itself to changes in temperature.
The body reacts to emotional states.
The body reanimated and attacked Flavio.
The body responds to emotional changes.
The body still hasn't been identified.
The body they found in the park hasn't yet been identified.
The body touches.
The body was burned beyond recognition.
The body was charred to a crisp.
The body was covered in barbed wires.
The body was found under the flyover.
The body was found under the overpass.
The body was identifiable thanks to a freckle on the left arm.
The body was identified by the documents that were with the victim.
The body was never found.
The body was transported to the hospital.
The body was undoubtedly the homeowner's.
The body will die, but the soul never existed.
The body's orifices were covered in dry blood.
The bodyguard kicked down the toilet door.
The bodyguard was wearing an earpiece.
The bodyguards killed the alien without having to hurt the president.
The boil on Marcelus' thigh was swollen, painful and warm to the touch.
The boiler can be reset by turning the left hand dial fully anti-clockwise.
The boiler room contains the heating equipment used to distribute heat throughout the mall.
The boiler was heavily scaled.
The boiling point of water is 100 °C.
The boiling soup is bubbling in the pot.
The bold knight didn't hesitate to go on the offensive when the time came.
The bold man glanced at the gangster with hatred and contempt.
The boldest boys in the square used to fasten their sledges firmly to the wagons of the country people, and thus drive a good way along with them.
The boldo tea is very bitter to me.
The boll weevil has long plagued cotton crops.
The bolt is all the way screwed in.
The bolt is almost all the way screwed in.
The bolt is loose.
The bolt is loosened.
The bolt is not working.
The bolt is rusty.
The bolt isn't working.
The bolt's not working.
The bolts are tight.
The bomb absolutely annihilated the city.
The bomb attacks forever destroyed countless historic buildings which had stood for centuries.
The bomb blew Tom's car to smithereens.
The bomb blew Tom's house to smithereens. Fortunately, he wasn't at home at the time.
The bomb blew Tom’s car to smithereens.
The bomb blew Tom’s house to smithereens. Fortunately, he wasn’t at home at the time.
The bomb caused a lot of damage when it exploded.
The bomb could go off at an moment.
The bomb could not be deactivated.
The bomb destroyed three houses.
The bomb didn't detonate.
The bomb exploded on the train.
The bomb exploded prematurely as it was being planted.
The bomb exploded two days ago.
The bomb exploded while Tom was trying to defuse it.
The bomb exploded with a blinding flash.
The bomb exploded, but no one was hurt.
The bomb exploded, but nobody was hurt.
The bomb exploded, killing everyone.
The bomb exploded.
The bomb explodes.
The bomb finally exploded.
The bomb goes off.
The bomb has been placed and armed.
The bomb has been planted.
The bomb instantly exploded.
The bomb is armed.
The bomb is exploding.
The bomb is quite likely somewhere on this floor.
The bomb missed its target.
The bomb separated from the ship.
The bomb squad defused the bomb.
The bomb was defused by the bomb squad.
The bomb was defused just minutes before it would have exploded.
The bomb was defused just minutes before it would've exploded.
The bomb was defused successfully.
The bomb was detonated with a cellphone.
The bomb was set to go off in thirty minutes.
The bomb was successfully defused.
The bomb was wrapped like a present.
The bomb will explode in 10 seconds.
The bomb's gone off.
The bomber is flying high.
The bombing of civilians is a war crime.
The bombing was a suspected terrorist attack.
The bombs were detonated by remote control.
The bonanza has ended in Algeria.
The bond between a father and son transcends even death.
The bone caught in my throat.
The bone hit the floor.
The bone is broken.
The bones belong to a girl that disappeared in the 1940s.
The bones build up a skeleton.
The bones could also have been used to make resin as a glue to affix handles onto tools.
The bones form a skeleton.
The bones of thirteen individuals were recovered as well as three leaf-shaped flint arrowheads.
The bones remained frozen in the ice.
The bones were cleaned with bleach.
The bones were varied in size.
The bonfire was giving off a lot of smoke.
The bonfire's blaze kept us warm as we shared stories and roasted marshmallows.
The bonnet has been dented.
The bonnet was cool to the touch.
The bonspiel was for people who curl competitively.
The bonus material was actually bogus.
The bonus travelog film is packaged in a splendid digital versatile disc.
The boogeyman kidnaps naughty children.
The boogieman isn't real!
The book "A Sportsman's Sketches" is freaking awesome!
The book "Fluent Forever" has revolutionized the approach one should take in learning a foreign language.
The book "Sexuality and Homosexual Condition in Christian Morality" was censored in Argentina.
The book "The Brothers Karamazov" is ineffably good!
The book "The Little Prince," by Antoine Saint-Exupery, is the most translated after the Bible, having been been translated into more than 260 languages.
The book Gunter is looking for is stored.
The book Holocaust Politics, published in 2001, says: “If more people practiced versions of what the Jehovah’s Witnesses preach and practice, the Holocaust could have been prevented and genocide would scourge the world no more.”
The book I bought is on the desk.
The book I bought is on the table.
The book I bought last night has arrived.
The book I bought last week was really interesting.
The book I bought yesterday has arrived.
The book I bought yesterday is a real soporific.
The book I bought yesterday is pretty interesting.
The book I bought yesterday was expensive.
The book I read yesterday was really interesting.
The book I wanted was at the bottom of the pile.
The book I wanted was at the bottom of the stack.
The book I'm looking for seems to be missing.
The book I'm planning to read next weekend is in French.
The book I've bought is on the desk.
The book Tom has that Mary wants to read was given to him by John.
The book Tom is reading is twice as thick as the one Mary is reading.
The book Tom lent me was good.
The book Tom lent me was interesting.
The book Tom was reading wasn't a romance novel.
The book Tom wrote in Esperanto has been translated into many languages around the world.
The book Tom wrote was never published.
The book Ziri dropped was frozen mid-air.
The book aims to help those seeking the truth about suffering and happiness.
The book attracted her attention.
The book belongs to Paul.
The book belongs to the girl.
The book brings back hardboiled detective Tom Jackson for another caper involving drugs, murder, and intrigue.
The book came out in 2004.
The book came.
The book cannot read itself.
The book consists of thirty chapters.
The book contained about a thousand spells for a lot of things.
The book contains detailed discussions about the pioneers of painting in Bangladesh.
The book contains fifteen biographies.
The book contains tidbits of information about psychology.
The book costs 4 dollars.
The book costs fifteen dollars.
The book costs five dollars.
The book costs four coins.
The book costs four dollars.
The book costs ten zloty after discount.
The book could be useful.
The book covers several topics.
The book describes the main events in his life in chronological order.
The book didn't sell, so it wasn't reprinted.
The book doesn't have a title, yet.
The book doesn't have a title.
The book fair won't be taking place this year, unfortunately.
The book fell from my hands.
The book fell from the cabinet.
The book fell from the shelf.
The book fell off the shelf with a thud.
The book fell to the floor.
The book fell to the ground with a loud thump.
The book fit into Tom's pocket.
The book fitted in Tom's pocket.
The book fitted into Tom's pocket.
The book gives a brief explanation about Islam.
The book had a shallow plot.
The book had a significant influence on the philosophers of the 19th century.
The book had a sketchy plot.
The book has a chapter zero.
The book has a leather binding.
The book has been read.
The book has been reprinted several times, and is also available online.
The book has points of sale throughout France, Belgium, French-speaking Switzerland and Quebec.
The book has some illustrations.
The book has some interesting illustrations.
The book has to be returned by Friday.
The book hit stores Wednesday in France, the first country to publish it. But despite the furor the book has stirred in the press, many French readers appear underwhelmed.
The book ignited a fierce debate in the academic community.
The book includes a dedication to their favourite author.
The book interests me.
The book is a dry read.
The book is a hefty tome, having more than a thousand pages.
The book is a real page-turner.
The book is a sort of autobiographical novel.
The book is about China.
The book is about a woman who enters a convent.
The book is about the law.
The book is about the life of a woman in prison.
The book is aiming for a vast readership.
The book is already out of print.
The book is also available in Portuguese.
The book is amazing.
The book is amusing.
The book is available in both hard and soft-cover versions.
The book is being written by my husband.
The book is better than the movie.
The book is better.
The book is big.
The book is black.
The book is blue.
The book is brown.
The book is cheap.
The book is completely different.
The book is considered a classic piece of adolescent literature.
The book is divided into four sections, each with a specific theme.
The book is divided into two parts.
The book is dusty.
The book is easy.
The book is entertaining.
The book is expensive.
The book is for me; the flowers are for us.
The book is for me; the flowers are for you.
The book is full of far-flung theories without any basis in scientific fact.
The book is full of lies.
The book is full of surprises.
The book is great, I've finished it.
The book is green.
The book is heavy-going at first. You have to stick with it, but it's worth it.
The book is heavy.
The book is here.
The book is in Japanese.
The book is in front of the table.
The book is in large part a historical account, a combination of science, history, medicine, and memoir.
The book is in the bag.
The book is in the public domain.
The book is in the room.
The book is interesting.
The book is laid open on top of the desk.
The book is mine.
The book is missing chapters 2, 5, and 13.
The book is missing the 2nd, 5th, and 13th chapters.
The book is missing two pages.
The book is multicolored.
The book is my best friend.
The book is new.
The book is next to the newspaper.
The book is next to the pen.
The book is not about linguistics.
The book is not available at the moment.
The book is not in such good condition.
The book is now available.
The book is now in its 6th edition.
The book is now ready for publication.
The book is of great value.
The book is old.
The book is on course reserve.
The book is on my desk.
The book is on sale throughout France, Belgium, French-speaking Switzerland and Quebec.
The book is on the TV.
The book is on the course reserve shelf.
The book is on the desk.
The book is on the shelf.
The book is on the table and the pen is on the windowsill.
The book is on the table, and the pencil is lying on the windowsill.
The book is on the table.
The book is on your desk.
The book is only available in German.
The book is open.
The book is orange.
The book is out of print.
The book is over there.
The book is pink.
The book is polychrome.
The book is really dense.
The book is red.
The book is selling well.
The book is set in the present day.
The book is small.
The book is sold out.
The book is still in print.
The book is tan.
The book is the best present.
The book is thick.
The book is thin.
The book is to the left of the cup.
The book is to the right of the cup.
The book is too cheap.
The book is too expensive.
The book is too expensive. I can't allow myself to buy it.
The book is up there.
The book is very interesting.
The book is very small.
The book is violet.
The book is white.
The book is worth reading.
The book is written in French.
The book is written in Spanish.
The book is written in a rumbustious style and contains many amusing anecdotes.
The book is written in simple, non-technical language that has the rare quality of being scientifically accurate yet intriguingly interesting.
The book is yellow.
The book is yours.
The book isn't about linguistics.
The book isn't in such good condition.
The book isn't new.
The book isn't only worth reading, but also worth recommending to others.
The book may be lost.
The book must be returned by Friday.
The book must be returned by Tuesday.
The book narrates the heretofore untold story of Tom Jackson, a nurse from Boston.
The book ought to have been a bestseller, but it was a flop.
The book paints a fine description of the customs of the country.
The book read most in the world is the Bible.
The book received mixed reviews.
The book reviewer who detects a missing comma, immediately feels elevated to the level of the writer.
The book revolutionized the field.
The book says that the Incas were great architects.
The book sells well.
The book she was reading was difficult to put down.
The book shop also looks like it closes late.
The book sparked controversy in the press and academic circles.
The book stores and libraries here do not have any books in the local minority languages.
The book stores and libraries here do not have any books in the local regional languages.
The book stores and libraries here have no books in foreign languages.
The book stores and libraries here only have books in a single language.
The book teetered on the edge of the table.
The book tells the story of a dragon that can't breathe fire.
The book that I bought hasn't been delivered to me yet.
The book that I bought is on the desk.
The book that I bought is on the table.
The book that I bought on the internet hasn't been delivered to me yet.
The book that I bought was delivered to me this morning.
The book that I bought yesterday was expensive.
The book that I read yesterday was very interesting.
The book that I wanted was at the bottom of the pile.
The book that I wanted was at the bottom of the stack.
The book that I was looking for was at the bottom of the stack.
The book that I'm looking for seems to be missing.
The book that I'm planning to read next weekend is in French.
The book that Tom lent me was good. Do you want to give it a read too, Mary?
The book that Tom lent me was interesting.
The book that Tom threw at Mary hit her in the face.
The book that the pupils are to read is not very long.
The book that you brought is not mine.
The book that you brought isn't mine.
The book that you're looking for is on my desk.
The book to which I am referring was written by Eliphas Levi.
The book was a phenomenal success.
The book was about quantum physics.
The book was an international success.
The book was an old one—thirty years old, soiled, scribbled wantonly over with a strange name in every variety of enmity to the letterpress, and marked at random with dates twenty years earlier than his own day.
The book was at the bottom of the stack.
The book was banned in several countries.
The book was better than the film.
The book was better than the movie.
The book was better.
The book was bewitched.
The book was checked out from our local library.
The book was given to him by me.
The book was missing a few pages.
The book was new.
The book was not received favorably.
The book was printed out in Berber.
The book was published after the author's death.
The book was published in 1689.
The book was published in 2005.
The book was published posthumously.
The book was really good, but the movie wasn't very good.
The book was savaged by the critics before it was even published.
The book was so good I read it three times.
The book was so gripping, I could hardly put it down.
The book was sold at auction for five hundred and eighty krona.
The book was split along its spine.
The book was still lying there yesterday.
The book was still there yesterday.
The book was too depressing according to the film-makers, so they gave the story a happy ending.
The book was translated into Berber.
The book was translated into a local Berber dialect.
The book was translated into several languages, including Berber.
The book was very thin.
The book was written by Giannis.
The book was written by Yanni.
The book was written in French.
The book was written in a hurry, so it is full of errors.
The book was written in a hurry, so it is riddled with errors.
The book was written originally in Berber.
The book wasn't in the library, and there was no one there I could ask as to its whereabouts.
The book wasn't in the library, and there was no one there I could have asked about its whereabouts.
The book weighs one kilo.
The book which I bought yesterday was expensive.
The book which I've bought is on the desk.
The book you are looking for is on my desk.
The book you brought is not mine.
The book you brought isn't mine.
The book you gave me is extremely interesting.
The book you gave me is very interesting.
The book you gave me was interesting.
The book you need is called "Structure and Thought".
The book you're looking for is on my desk.
The book you're looking for is on the top shelf.
The book's adaptation was remarkable.
The book's blurbs overflow with superlatives.
The book's central message continues to apply to modern-day life.
The book's condition isn't so good.
The book's condition's not so good.
The book's illustrations are very good.
The book's not about linguistics.
The book's not in such good condition.
The book's plot was slight.
The book's premise is fundamentally flawed.
The book's thought-provoking themes and messages made me reflect on my own life experiences.
The book's weak-point is that it lacks credibility when a married writer recommends remaining unmarried.
The book's white.
The book's yours.
The book, being read, was under the table.
The book, having been read, was on the table.
The book, this time, is available.
The bookcase is level with the table.
The bookkeeper lost his spleen in a horrible car wreck.
The bookkeeper needs to trim his eyebrows.
The bookkeeper tried to seduce her.
The bookkeeper was arrested for embezzlement.
The bookkeeper was arrested last night for embezzlement.
The books I bought are on the desk.
The books Tom and Mary were reading weren't romance novels.
The books and documents are scattered all over your sister's room!
The books are Tom's.
The books are carefully selected to teach other important skills as well.
The books are covered in dust.
The books are dusty.
The books are old.
The books are on a low shelf.
The books are on the bench.
The books are on the desk.
The books are on the table.
The books are organized by subject.
The books are ours.
The books are small.
The books are theirs.
The books belong to Tom.
The books belong to my sister.
The books belong to them.
The books fell from the shelf.
The books fell off the shelf.
The books have fallen from the shelf.
The books have fallen off the shelf.
The books he left are covered with dust.
The books here are mine.
The books in this room aren't mine.
The books in this room aren’t mine.
The books of this literary poseur were widely read but they are now forgotten.
The books on the desk are Tom's.
The books on the shelf are in alphabetical order.
The books on the table are mine.
The books that I bought are on the desk.
The books that I bought haven't been delivered to me yet.
The books that I bought were delivered to me this morning.
The books that you're looking for are on my desk.
The books they gave me as a gift are great.
The books were delivered to the students.
The books were drenched.
The books were in alphabetical order.
The books were never returned to Ziri.
The books were on the table.
The books were ordered alphabetically.
The books were piled up carelessly on the floor.
The books were sent to the students.
The books were so valuable that they were handled with the greatest care.
The books were taken away by the students.
The books were taken out of the mosque.
The books were tied up in a bundle.
The books which are on that list will be difficult to find in Japan.
The books will be shipped out tomorrow before closing.
The books? I left them at home.
The bookseller charged me ten dollars for the book.
The bookseller reads a lot of books.
The bookshelf contains stories that fueled his imagination.
The bookshelf is built in.
The bookshelf was in Ziri's view.
The bookshelves are built into the walls of my room.
The bookshop is down this street.
The bookshop is near the park.
The bookshop is open.
The bookshop is so disorganized that I can't find the book I'm looking for.
The bookstore across from the station is very large.
The bookstore displayed best-selling books prominently.
The bookstore hosted a book signing by a famous author.
The bookstore is about 25 kilometers from the village where I live.
The bookstore is near the park.
The bookstore is open.
The bookstore made clear the work would be volunteer and that all kinds of people were needed. It would be a lot of work, even if the store was relocating only about 150 meters down the street.
The bookstore offered discounts on selected books.
The bookstore organized a book launch event.
The bookstore organized a book signing by an Algerian author.
The bookstore owner sold books to customers.
The bookstore shelved books in alphabetical order.
The bookstore wasn't open yet.
The bookstores are not libraries.
The book’s weak-point is that it lacks credibility when a married writer recommends remaining unmarried.
The book’s white.
The boom has peaked out.
The boomerang hurtled whistling through the air.
The boomerang took a huge turn and came back.
The boosters turned on.
The boot is on the other foot.
The boot is open.
The booth also has drinks.
The booth has drinks too.
The boots are made of hide.
The boots are tight around the calf.
The border between Algeria and Tunisia is completely open.
The border between the two neighbouring countries remains closed.
The border crossing was crowded with people, many of whom were refugees.
The border cuts across rivers.
The border dispute between Ethiopia and Sudan could make matters worse.
The border incident happened shortly after midnight.
The border is closed indefinitely.
The border is closed.
The border of her dress was torn.
The border police brutally arrested Tom, who tried to enter the country illegally.
The border village was occupied by the neighboring aggressor country.
The borders can remain closed for two years.
The borders remain closed.
The boreal forest of Canada is a vast and essential breeding ground for many migratory birds.
The boredom is unbearable.
The boredom, routine and lack of curiosity are the major enemies of our brain.
The boring machine was munching its way through the tunnel.
The borough continued to grow as other factories and supporting businesses were established.
The borscht is in the fridge.
The boss advanced me a week's wages.
The boss allotted tasks to his men.
The boss appreciates authentic antiquities.
The boss approved the project.
The boss asked Mr Brown to take charge of the office while she was away.
The boss asked Tom to submit the report by Monday.
The boss asked for Tom's resignation.
The boss asked me to do it today.
The boss asked me to do that today.
The boss asks why his employees are reluctant to work.
The boss assigned the work to Tom.
The boss awaited an important client.
The boss bawled me out.
The boss buzzed his secretary.
The boss called Jim into his office and gave him his pink slip.
The boss called Tatyana into his office to reprimand her.
The boss called him out for his blunders.
The boss called me. He says he's going to put me on a case investigating drug trafficking activity at a suburban college.
The boss canceled the meeting at the last minute.
The boss canceled the meeting.
The boss caught me napping today when he asked me about that XYZ project we worked on last month.
The boss considered firing Tom, but decided against it.
The boss controls his men at will.
The boss could be watching.
The boss could not approve of what one of his men did.
The boss demanded John come to his office at one.
The boss directed his men to finish it quickly.
The boss doesn't come to the office every day.
The boss doesn't know it yet.
The boss doesn't need witnesses.
The boss felt really threatened by you.
The boss fired Tom the next day.
The boss fired Tom.
The boss fired me.
The boss gave Mike the ax for not coming to work on time.
The boss gave his staff a dressing-down.
The boss gave me a souvenir.
The boss gave me a week off.
The boss gave me permission to go home early.
The boss gave me this salary.
The boss gave us all a day off.
The boss gave you a bad performance review.
The boss had to advance him some money.
The boss has a good opinion of your work.
The boss has a high opinion of his secretary.
The boss has already approved of our plans.
The boss has already okayed it.
The boss has been on his high horse all month long.
The boss has called a meeting.
The boss has decided to fire Tom.
The boss has just given my holiday plans the nod.
The boss has just gone out.
The boss has just left.
The boss has just made me manager.
The boss has seen you smoking.
The boss himself said Tom was his right-hand man.
The boss himself said that Tom was his right-hand man.
The boss hired two foremen.
The boss insulted Ziri and everybody laughed.
The boss is alleged to have hit a worker.
The boss is an open person.
The boss is angry at me for not attending the last meeting.
The boss is going to get mad at me.
The boss is going to kill me.
The boss is hard to get along with. But if I try to talk to him about problems I have at work he might have a little heart. Even a hunter can't kill a bird who flies to him for protection.
The boss is hard to get along with. But if I try to talk to him about problems I have at work he might have a little heart. Even a hunter can’t kill a bird who flies to him for protection.
The boss is in their office.
The boss is likely to fire me if I make one more mistake.
The boss is looking for someone to blame.
The boss is never late, he is delayed elsewhere.
The boss is never there.
The boss is there?
The boss is thinking about firing Tom.
The boss is thinking of firing an employee.
The boss is very pleased.
The boss is very upset.
The boss is waiting for you in his office.
The boss is where?
The boss isn't going to fire Mary.
The boss isn't going to fire Tom.
The boss isn't going to fire you.
The boss isn't here today to speak with anyone.
The boss isn't willing to give me a raise even though I've worked really hard for several years.
The boss just chewed him out again.
The boss just fired me.
The boss just fired us.
The boss lady was very busy.
The boss likes Tom's can-do attitude.
The boss made them work day and night.
The boss must be alerted.
The boss of our company is always on the go.
The boss of the company, who is a woman, seems shameless.
The boss of this company is a bitchy old lady.
The boss of this company is such a bitch.
The boss only likes lickspittles.
The boss ordered us to work from morning till night.
The boss ought to fire Tom.
The boss outlined a three-pronged approach to turn the fortune of the company around.
The boss owes several months' salary to the construction workers.
The boss owes several months’ salary to the construction workers.
The boss paid for everyone's lunch.
The boss picked me to do the job.
The boss praised him for a good job.
The boss praised you for your good work.
The boss promised mountains of gold.
The boss put me in charge.
The boss reprimanded his staff.
The boss retrains the team for the new objective.
The boss rewards good men.
The boss said it's urgent!
The boss said it’s urgent!
The boss said that it was urgent.
The boss said that we are fired.
The boss said that we're fired.
The boss said this group is a real mixed bag. I wonder if he places me with the wheat or the chaff.
The boss saw Yanni and asked him what was wrong.
The boss saw the results of the month before and yelled at me like never before.
The boss seemed to frown on my method.
The boss sent Tom there instead of me.
The boss sent Tom to Australia on business.
The boss sent Tom to Boston on business.
The boss set Tom a tight deadline.
The boss spoke in a condescending tone when addressing the female staff members.
The boss started off the meeting with the monthly sales report.
The boss stresses punctuality.
The boss strolled around the balcony above the office, observing the workers.
The boss sucks.
The boss threatened to fire me.
The boss told Tom that he had to wear a suit and tie to work.
The boss told his secretary to come up with a good idea by the end of the week.
The boss tortured the workers with his criticism.
The boss treats her like a peon.
The boss wants Tom to improve his English.
The boss wants a status update on the criminal investigation.
The boss wants to see Ziri.
The boss wants to see you.
The boss was looking for you.
The boss was pleased with Carlos's work performance.
The boss was really angry at Billie. He yelled at him and hung him out to dry.
The boss was squeezing Ziri out.
The boss was waiting for an important customer.
The boss will be angry at me.
The boss will chew him out for his inappropriate behavior.
The boss will surely fire you if you're late.
The boss won't pat me on the head for that.
The boss won't pat us on the head for that.
The boss won't take his eyes off Ziri now.
The boss wouldn't give me a raise.
The boss wouldn't let us go home early.
The boss'll have my head.
The boss's car hasn't arrived yet. Wait a moment, please!
The boss's lackeys always agree with his decisions.
The boss's messages leave people scratching their heads.
The boss's speech was pretty inspiring, but it could have used a couple more sports metaphors.
The boss’ll have my head.
The botanic garden is next to the university's main building.
The botanical garden is located next to the university's main building.
The botanical garden is next to the university's main building.
The botanist carefully recorded the morphological characteristics of the trees.
The botanist studied the flora of the remote island.
The both of you better watch your mouth.
The bottle Tom was holding had a purple label.
The bottle broke on me.
The bottle cap keeps the water in.
The bottle contained strawberry juice.
The bottle contained wine.
The bottle contains purple liquid.
The bottle contains water.
The bottle fell and broke.
The bottle is almost full.
The bottle is closed.
The bottle is empty.
The bottle is filled with water.
The bottle is full of water.
The bottle is full.
The bottle is half full of water.
The bottle is in the fridge.
The bottle is made of glass.
The bottle is on the upper shelf.
The bottle is on your desk.
The bottle isn't full.
The bottle of olive oil was already open.
The bottle of olive oil wasn't brand new.
The bottle of water is in the fridge.
The bottle of wine I bought this afternoon is in the fridge.
The bottle of wine that I bought this afternoon is in the fridge.
The bottle shattered against John's head.
The bottle smashed to pieces.
The bottle was broken.
The bottle was corked and put on a shelf in the cellar.
The bottle was empty.
The bottle was filled with what looked like sand.
The bottle was more carefully chosen than the contents.
The bottle was still mostly full.
The bottle's almost empty.
The bottle's volume is one litre.
The bottles Tom and Mary were holding had purple labels.
The bottles contain wine.
The bottles of beer that I brought to the party were redundant; the host's family owned a brewery.
The bottles of beer that I brought to the party were redundant; the host’s family owned a brewery.
The bottles were stopped with corks.
The bottom 40% of the U.S. population has only 0.3% of the wealth.
The bottom has fallen out of the market.
The bottom line is safety.
The bottom line is we want results.
The bottom lip is bigger than the top lip.
The bottom of the screen turned darker.
The bottom part of a soapstone carving of the mythical Zimbabwe Bird was handed to President Robert Mugabe in a ceremony broadcast live Wednesday on radio and television.
The bougainvillea grows as it waits to convert the ashes of my body into flowers.
The bougainvillea that I planted will receive the ashes from my body and turn them into flowers.
The bough bent under the weight of the snow.
The bough didn't support his weight and broke off.
The boughs of the large tree overhung the pond.
The boughs that bear most hang lowest.
The bouillon has enough salt.
The bouillon is undersalted.
The boulder rolled down the hill.
The boulder was easily fourteen feet high.
The boulders had fallen onto the road in the night, blocking the way.
The bouncer allowed Mary to skip the line.
The bouncer allowed two people in.
The bouncer asked to see Tom's I.D.
The bouncer asked to see her I.D.
The bouncer didn't want to let me in, under the pretext that my outfit was not appropriate.
The bouncer kicked Ziri out of the club.
The bouncer refused to let Tom and his friends in.
The bouncer refused to let Tom in.
The bouncer refused to let Tom into the club.
The bouncer says he can't let him in right now.
The bouncer threw Tom out of the bar.
The bouncer threw Ziri out.
The bouncer told Ziri to leave.
The bouncer was a tall intimidating Algerian man.
The bouncer was accused of assaulting a drunken patron.
The bouncer wouldn't let him in.
The bouncer wouldn’t let him in.
The bouncers can't decide who can enter a club and who cannot.
The bouncing sound stopped.
The bound feet were the legacy of another centuries-old practice. Many girls had their feet wrapped tightly to keep them small. As the girls grew, the bones of their feet would break, leaving them with tiny feet, which were attractive to men, but painful to walk on.
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?
The boundary of the solar cavity is the heliopause, about fifty astronomical units from the sun, where the solar wind pressure is down to the tiny pressure between stars in our arm of the galaxy.
The bouquet was very beautiful.
The bourgeoisie turned the production and consumption of every country cosmopolitan by exploiting the world economy.
The bout turned out rough and neither boxer was going to win hands down.
The bow is the front of the ship.
The bow of the boat cuts the waves.
The bow tie gives him an air of extravagance.
The bowl contains many kinds of candy.
The bowl fell and shattered into pieces.
The bowl had some thick dark liquid in it.
The bowl is almost full of strawberries.
The bowl is covered in dust.
The bowl is dirty.
The bowl is filled with milk.
The bowl is filled with water.
The bowl is silver.
The bowl is white.
The bowl of pasta was steaming hot.
The bowl was empty.
The bowl was filled with lollipops.
The bowl was perfectly round.
The bowling alley is deserted.
The bowling shop's opening ceremony was boring.
The bowling shop’s opening ceremony was boring.
The box Tom gave me contained potatoes.
The box bears the stamp of the manufacturer.
The box broke open and the statue was destroyed.
The box contained all of Elias's mother's belongings.
The box contains 20 units.
The box contains a Mesopotamian statue.
The box contains five apples.
The box contains some old jewelry.
The box does not have many presents.
The box doesn't match the contents.
The box fell apart due to the weight of the load.
The box got unstuck from the ceiling.
The box had been damaged, but its contents were intact.
The box had been damaged, but its contents were untouched.
The box has a "Fragile" sticker on it.
The box has fallen off the shelf.
The box has holes in it.
The box he found was empty.
The box is a little more than one foot wide.
The box is all dirty.
The box is almost empty.
The box is big and heavy.
The box is blue, isn’t it?
The box is broken.
The box is covered with a large sheet of paper.
The box is elongated but still cubic.
The box is empty.
The box is empty. But give it a touch.
The box is fragile.
The box is from Chile, according to the label.
The box is full.
The box is heavy.
The box is here.
The box is in the storeroom.
The box is leaning to one side.
The box is light enough for a child to carry.
The box is light.
The box is made of wood.
The box is on the table.
The box is plastic.
The box is rotten.
The box is small.
The box is starting to lift.
The box is too heavy to carry.
The box is too heavy to load.
The box is very heavy.
The box is well sealed.
The box is white.
The box isn't empty.
The box just fell to pieces all at once.
The box serves me well.
The box she found was empty.
The box that you're looking for is here.
The box that you're looking for is in the storeroom.
The box turned out to be so heavy that Ziri couldn't carry it.
The box was almost full.
The box was completely sealed.
The box was crushed during transport and the contents flew out.
The box was empty when I opened it.
The box was empty when I picked it up.
The box was empty.
The box was full of books.
The box was full of frogs and toads.
The box was full of strawberries.
The box was heavy, but he managed to carry it.
The box was made of cardboard.
The box was made of sandalwood.
The box was nailed shut.
The box was open and empty.
The box was open and inside there was nothing.
The box was painted blue.
The box was so heavy I could not move it.
The box was so heavy that I couldn't lift it.
The box was so heavy that I couldn’t lift it.
The box was so heavy that Tom had to help Mary carry it home.
The box was so heavy that the old woman had to help to carry it home.
The box was successfully opened.
The box was too big and awkward, so I put these in a bag and brought them.
The box was too heavy for him to lift.
The box was too heavy.
The box was under the table.
The box was very heavy.
The box wasn't empty.
The box will serve as a table.
The box you designed has the perk of being a good home for the lambkin.
The box you're looking for is here.
The box you're looking for is in the storeroom.
The box's label said: "made in China".
The box, which I had found was empty.
The boxed pasta is in isle 9.
The boxer finally recovered consciousness, ten minutes after he had been knocked out.
The boxer flattened his opponent in the second round.
The boxer got up on the count of nine.
The boxer had to lose weight for the championship fight.
The boxer had to lose weight for the title match.
The boxer lost his weight for the match.
The boxer needs to check his aggression.
The boxer received a blow to the body.
The boxer said he would knock down his opponent in the first round.
The boxer struck his opponent hard.
The boxer tried to keep his head down.
The boxer was hit on the chin and went down for the count.
The boxer was paid to take a dive in the second round.
The boxer was pressured to throw the fight.
The boxer was up against the ropes.
The boxer weaved out the way to avoid getting hit.
The boxes are all facing the same direction.
The boxes are gifts. What do they contain?
The boxes are rectangular, not square.
The boxes aren't lined up.
The boxes of chocolate come in pairs.
The boxes on the truck are apparently very heavy.
The boxes produced here are made of a very robust material.
The boxes suddenly fell from the closet.
The boxes vary in size from small to large.
The boxes were stacked up high.
The boxing match was completely one-sided, one pug was so badly mauled that his manager had to throw in the sponge.
The boy I helped is Tom.
The boy I helped is Tony.
The boy I love doesn't love me back.
The boy I love doesn't love me.
The boy I love doesn’t love me.
The boy I met yesterday is named Tony.
The boy I saw searching through the garbage can said that he had not eaten anything for four days.
The boy I thought was honest deceived me.
The boy Mary is speaking to is Tom.
The boy accepted the gift her friend gave her for the birthday party.
The boy acknowledged having lied.
The boy actually was going to do it.
The boy adapted quickly to the new class.
The boy adjusted his cap.
The boy admitted breaking the window.
The boy admitted having broken the vase.
The boy admitted that he broke the vase.
The boy all but fell into the river.
The boy almost drowned.
The boy always sits on his own.
The boy and his uncle faced each other across the table.
The boy and the girl felt awkward after they confessed their love for each other.
The boy and the girl seem to know each other.
The boy and the man are drinking water.
The boy and the man drink water.
The boy answered his father back.
The boy apologized for breaking the vase.
The boy appeared to be in bad health.
The boy asked a question in class.
The boy asked his mother a question.
The boy asked the girl if she wanted to dance.
The boy asked the girl to dance.
The boy at last put an end to their quarrels.
The boy ate the apple.
The boy attempted an escape, but failed.
The boy battled against a serious illness.
The boy became happy.
The boy became more eloquent.
The boy began to cry.
The boy began to make noise.
The boy began to scream.
The boy began to talk with the girl.
The boy begged for a new bicycle.
The boy begged for a new bike.
The boy bent back to look up at his father's face.
The boy bent his steps from the path.
The boy blows soap bubbles.
The boy bought a book.
The boy bought a dog.
The boy bought candies.
The boy bowed to me.
The boy broke a vase accidentally.
The boy broke the window with a baseball last weekend.
The boy brought a big, heavy book.
The boy brushed his teeth before bed.
The boy built a sandcastle and decorated it.
The boy buys a dog.
The boy came around when we threw water on his face.
The boy came back to life.
The boy came back.
The boy came home.
The boy came in through the back door.
The boy came running into the room.
The boy came running.
The boy can count to ten.
The boy can handle a knife and fork very well.
The boy can solve any problem in arithmetic.
The boy can't tell a swallow from a sparrow.
The boy cannot have stolen my umbrella.
The boy cannot keep quiet for ten minutes.
The boy can’t tell a swallow from a sparrow.
The boy captured the bird with a net.
The boy caressed the girl's chin and kissed her cheek.
The boy caressed the girl’s chin and kissed her cheek.
The boy carried a slug in a box to release it in the park.
The boy carrying a ukulele was barefoot.
The boy carved a pumpkin for Halloween.
The boy carved his name in the tree.
The boy carved his name into the tree.
The boy carved his name on the tree.
The boy caught a butterfly and released it.
The boy caught a large fish.
The boy caught the cat by the tail.
The boy caught the dog by the tail.
The boy caused his mother great anxiety.
The boy certainly wasn't talkative.
The boy certainly wasn’t talkative.
The boy changed his expression.
The boy changed his face.
The boy chose to stay with his mother.
The boy claims he knows nothing about it.
The boy clasped the puppy to his chest.
The boy climbed a tall tree and got stuck.
The boy climbed a tree.
The boy climbed the tree to harvest coconuts.
The boy complained of a headache.
The boy considered the dolphin his best friend.
The boy continued to taunt his younger brother.
The boy cooked dinner for his family.
The boy could not find his way out of the maze.
The boy could not keep up with activities in school.
The boy could not live up to the school rules.
The boy could not so much as write his own name.
The boy counted his steps as he walked.
The boy crammed all his clothes into the bag.
The boy cried "Wolf, wolf!" and the villagers came out to help him.
The boy cried what a tall building it was.
The boy crushed the spider with his sandaled right foot.
The boy cut the cake in two.
The boy decided to observe and record bees in detail.
The boy decided to observe and record honeybees in detail.
The boy deemed that he cheated in the examination.
The boy denied having stolen the bicycle.
The boy denied having stolen the bike.
The boy deserved praise for saving the child's life.
The boy deserved praise for saving the child’s life.
The boy did not eat, he is starving.
The boy did not even consider following his father's advice.
The boy did not go to church.
The boy did not know if what he did served any purpose.
The boy did not reach his father's stature of six feet.
The boy did not reach his father’s stature of six feet.
The boy did not want to sing in a choir.
The boy did nothing but cry all day long.
The boy did so, and was placed in the centre of the gallant train.
The boy didn't change his mind.
The boy didn't change his opinion.
The boy didn't have an appetite.
The boy didn't reach his father's height of six feet.
The boy didn’t change his opinion.
The boy didn’t reach his father’s height of six feet.
The boy does not dare to do so.
The boy does nothing but cry all day long.
The boy doesn't care about studying.
The boy doesn't have a bicycle.
The boy doesn't have a bike.
The boy doesn't have very many playmates.
The boy doesn't know how to behave.
The boy doesn't like carrots.
The boy doesn't see the letter.
The boy doesn’t know how to behave.
The boy doesn’t like carrots.
The boy draws.
The boy dreamed of going on an Antarctic expedition.
The boy drew a picture on the wall.
The boy drew a swirl of colors. He said it represents the entrance to the world of dreams.
The boy drew.
The boy drinks milk.
The boy drinks water.
The boy dug a grave for his dead pet.
The boy dug a grave for his dog that had died.
The boy dug a grave for the dead animal.
The boy dyed his hair because he wanted to be noticed.
The boy eats a sausage.
The boy eats bread.
The boy eats snakes.
The boy emptied his plate in the blink of an eye.
The boy enjoyed painting a picture.
The boy entered by the back door.
The boy entered the house.
The boy exclaimed in delight.
The boy fainted, but he came to when we threw water on his face.
The boy faintly resembled his father in appearance.
The boy fanned himself with his hat.
The boy feared the dark.
The boy fell and scraped his knee.
The boy fell from the bridge.
The boy fell in the fountain.
The boy fell of fright when he saw a ghost.
The boy fell off the bed.
The boy fell off the bicycle and fractured his skull.
The boy fell over in the school playground.
The boy fell.
The boy filled his bag with clothes.
The boy finds flowers.
The boy finished learning how to read.
The boy found a box full of money in the middle of the street.
The boy found that the big box contained nothing but old newspapers.
The boy found the big box contained nothing but old newspapers.
The boy gathered a handful of peanuts and put them in a small box.
The boy gave a great shout.
The boy gave a rose to the girl.
The boy gave me a bow.
The boy gave up his seat to the old man on the bus.
The boy gazed at the player dreamily.
The boy gives the dog a lot of love.
The boy goes to the city with the girl.
The boy got his hands dirty.
The boy got in through the window.
The boy got lost in the forest.
The boy got scolded.
The boy got sick from anxiety.
The boy got up and asked a question to his dad.
The boy grabbed his sister by the legs and dragged her all over the room until she admitted defeat.
The boy grabbed the cat by the tail.
The boy grew taller and taller, till at last he exceeded his father in height.
The boy grew up to be a famous musician.
The boy grew up to be a famous scientist.
The boy grew up to be a great man.
The boy grew up to be a great scientist.
The boy grew up to be a great statesman.
The boy grew up to be a scientist.
The boy grows, becomes a man, I see God.
The boy had a dog.
The boy had a face transplant.
The boy had a fantastic hipster haircut. We thought he was being aloof, but he was actually autistic.
The boy had a mischievous smirk on his face.
The boy had a red face.
The boy had bad teeth because he neglected to brush them.
The boy had been crying until he got some candy.
The boy had indigestion after eating too much.
The boy had never before strayed so far north as this from the nestling hamlet in which he had been deposited by the carrier from a railway station southward, one dark evening some few months earlier, and till now he had had no suspicion that such a wide, flat, low-lying country lay so near at hand, under the very verge of his upland world.
The boy had the dish empty in a moment.
The boy had the kindness to show us around.
The boy has a bat under his arm.
The boy has a bicycle.
The boy has a good school record.
The boy has a high fever.
The boy has a horse.
The boy has a huge bump on his head. No wonder he cried so much!
The boy has a hunger for adventure.
The boy has a long neck.
The boy has a newspaper.
The boy has a paint spot on his shirt.
The boy has a shock of blond hair.
The boy has a watch in his hand.
The boy has already gone to bed.
The boy has an apple in his pocket.
The boy has been absent from school for eight days.
The boy has been kidnapped.
The boy has been sleeping for ten hours.
The boy has come home.
The boy has complained of a headache for three days.
The boy has few friends to play with.
The boy has four rabbits, two male and two female ones.
The boy has good reflexes.
The boy has got out of hand.
The boy has grown out of all his old clothes.
The boy has grown quite a bit.
The boy has grown.
The boy has guts.
The boy has his father's serious disposition.
The boy has learned to read.
The boy has made a mistake.
The boy has never been to the zoo.
The boy has no food.
The boy has not slept yet.
The boy has seen the car.
The boy has taken the toy away from his little sister.
The boy has the greatest amount of fruit.
The boy has to repeat a year because his marks weren't good enough.
The boy hasn’t returned, has he?
The boy helped the girl.
The boy hid behind the door.
The boy hit the ball with his new bat.
The boy hugged the puppy to his chest.
The boy hurt himself with a knife.
The boy immediately looked back in the old direction.
The boy in question did not come to school today.
The boy injured his hand.
The boy introduced himself as Ziri, the cook's son.
The boy is a credit to our school.
The boy is able to memorize everything he reads.
The boy is afraid of the dark.
The boy is afraid to go to bed in the dark.
The boy is alone.
The boy is always mocked by his classmates.
The boy is anxious for a new soccer ball.
The boy is asking a question.
The boy is at the age when he grows the most.
The boy is at the zoo.
The boy is bashful and doesn't talk much.
The boy is bashful and doesn’t talk much.
The boy is behind a tree in the garden.
The boy is big and strong.
The boy is brave.
The boy is buying a dog.
The boy is capable of robbery.
The boy is clinging to his mother.
The boy is crawling in the courtyard of the house.
The boy is drawing.
The boy is drinking milk.
The boy is eating bread.
The boy is eating.
The boy is far from a fool.
The boy is fat.
The boy is full of promise.
The boy is getting bigger.
The boy is getting taller.
The boy is here.
The boy is his father in miniature.
The boy is hoeing.
The boy is in the garden. I can hear his voice.
The boy is jumping.
The boy is just like his father.
The boy is kind.
The boy is learning to read and write.
The boy is listening to music.
The boy is mad for a bicycle.
The boy is nice.
The boy is not somebody who forgets things.
The boy is not tall.
The boy is obedient to his parents.
The boy is over there.
The boy is painting.
The boy is petting the cat.
The boy is picking yellow flowers.
The boy is playing with his Scalextric.
The boy is playing with his tin soldiers.
The boy is playing with his toy soldiers.
The boy is reading his book.
The boy is right.
The boy is sick, though he doesn't appear so.
The boy is sick, though he doesn’t appear so.
The boy is singing and the man is sleeping.
The boy is sleeping.
The boy is slim.
The boy is smiling.
The boy is speaking to his grandfather.
The boy is standing in the living room.
The boy is still sleeping.
The boy is strong.
The boy is sucking on an orange-flavored caramel.
The boy is swimming with his friends.
The boy is tall for his age.
The boy is tall.
The boy is the same age as my brother.
The boy is there.
The boy is thin.
The boy is thirsty, give him some water.
The boy is thirsty.
The boy is tired.
The boy is to be praised in so far as he did his best.
The boy is totally dependent on his parents.
The boy is very attached to that dog.
The boy is very attached to this dog.
The boy is very honest.
The boy is very intelligent.
The boy is very smart.
The boy is waking down the street.
The boy is walking through the street.
The boy is washing in the bathroom.
The boy is watching a movie.
The boy is wearing glasses.
The boy is working.
The boy is writing a book.
The boy is writing.
The boy is yet to be found.
The boy isn't as bad as he seemed.
The boy isn't aware of his parents' efforts to raise him.
The boy isn’t as bad as he seemed.
The boy isn’t aware of his parents’ efforts to raise him.
The boy jumped into the water.
The boy kept asking his father why he had to study.
The boy kept quiet.
The boy kept standing for a while.
The boy kicked the ball.
The boy kissed the girl.
The boy knocked the glass over.
The boy knows how to disassemble the toy.
The boy knows how to throw a curve.
The boy knows many magic tricks.
The boy lay listening to the radio.
The boy lay on his back, basking in the spring sunshine.
The boy lay on the sofa.
The boy leaning against the wall over there is my brother.
The boy learned the famous poem by heart soon after he read it.
The boy learns a lesson.
The boy left his homework half-finished.
The boy left without looking back.
The boy lifted the heavy box with one hand.
The boy liked the girl.
The boy liked throwing eggs at people from the window of his flat.
The boy liked to keep his pencils sharp.
The boy likes to walk along the beach.
The boy likes to walk around the sombrero shop.
The boy likes to walk in the city.
The boy likes to walk in the forest.
The boy likes to walk to town.
The boy likes to watch cartoons.
The boy likes walking along the street.
The boy likes walking around the soap shop.
The boy likes walking around the sofa store.
The boy lived on with the monks, and grew up to be a clever, gentle, and handsome young man.
The boy locked his arm in the girl's.
The boy locked his arm in the girl’s.
The boy looked around him at the date palms.
The boy looked frightened.
The boy looked into the room.
The boy looked like a grown-up.
The boy looked pleased with his new bicycle.
The boy looks for a guardian spirit.
The boy looks like his father.
The boy looks very much like his father.
The boy lost his ear in a street fight.
The boy lost his sandal in the field.
The boy lost his tooth and put it under his pillow.
The boy lost his way in the forest.
The boy lost sight of his mother in the crowd.
The boy lost the slipper.
The boy loves this beautiful girl.
The boy made a fool of himself.
The boy made a paper plane.
The boy made believe he was too ill to go to school.
The boy made fun of the girl.
The boy made his parents happy.
The boy made vain efforts to reach the shore.
The boy makes a fool of adults.
The boy may have told a lie to please his parents.
The boy miraculously survived.
The boy misplaced his backpack, but found it later.
The boy mocked his friend for being a coward.
The boy more than justified the favourable opinion they had formed of him.
The boy mourned the death of his hamster.
The boy must have broken the window.
The boy narrowly escaped drowning.
The boy needs food.
The boy neglected to water the plants, and he was scolded.
The boy next door fell head first from a tree.
The boy observed the birds all day.
The boy observed the growth of the plant.
The boy often gets sick.
The boy often runs errands.
The boy on the left is Tom.
The boy opened the door for an elderly woman.
The boy opened the window, although his mother told him not to.
The boy over there is Tom's brother.
The boy over there is Tom.
The boy over there is bowing to you.
The boy over there is his brother.
The boy over there reading a book is Tom.
The boy owed his pal thirty cents.
The boy passed the examination with success.
The boy passed the time by flinging stones into the lake.
The boy pays visit to his grandmother.
The boy peeped in at the window.
The boy peered into the room.
The boy performed a magic trick for his family.
The boy persisted in his opinion.
The boy persisted in wearing his hair long.
The boy played hide-and-seek with his siblings.
The boy playing the cello is my brother.
The boy playing the guitar is Ken.
The boy playing the guitar is Tom.
The boy playing the guitar is my brother.
The boy playing the guitar is my younger brother.
The boy playing the saxophone is Tom.
The boy plays the piano.
The boy plays with the wooden horse.
The boy pressed his face against the shop window.
The boy pretended he could read, but he was holding the book upside down.
The boy pretended that he was so sick that he couldn't go to school.
The boy pretended that he was so sick that he couldn’t go to school.
The boy pretended that he was too sick to go to school.
The boy pretended to be too sick to go to school.
The boy promised not to be naughty any more.
The boy promised to behave from now on.
The boy pronounces the words well.
The boy pulled a knife out of his pocket and attacked a classmate.
The boy pushed his plate away.
The boy put a frog in the teacher's purse.
The boy put his hand in his pocket.
The boy put his hands in his pockets.
The boy put on his athletic shoes and ran outside.
The boy quivered at the sound.
The boy ran and ran toward the goal.
The boy ran away when he saw me.
The boy ran away without looking back.
The boy ran away.
The boy ran home.
The boy ran in the park.
The boy ran toward his house.
The boy reached out for another piece of cake.
The boy reached the small, abandoned church just as night was falling.
The boy read a book about pirates.
The boy reading a book is John.
The boy reading a book is Tom.
The boy reading a book over there is Tom.
The boy released a bird from the cage.
The boy remained silent.
The boy remained standing for a while.
The boy repeats everything we say like a parrot.
The boy resembles his father.
The boy returned with his face covered with mud.
The boy riding a bicycle is my brother.
The boy rode a horse for the first time.
The boy rode a roller coaster for the first time.
The boy rode his bike.
The boy rolled downstairs.
The boy rowing the boat is a friend of mine.
The boy runs quickly.
The boy said a wolf would come.
The boy said his name was Tom.
The boy said that he was too old to play with bugs.
The boy said that the avocado pit eliminates rheumatic pain.
The boy said that the taxi vanished into the fog.
The boy said, "He has the book."
The boy sang a beautiful song.
The boy sat among the girls.
The boy sat in the chair.
The boy sat on a chair.
The boy sat there reading a weekly magazine.
The boy saw himself as an adult.
The boy saw his father dying.
The boy scout got a merit badge.
The boy scouts went from door to door selling what they had made.
The boy scratched his ear.
The boy screamed for help, but couldn't make himself heard.
The boy screamed for help, but couldn’t make himself heard.
The boy screamed for help.
The boy screwed up his pimply face.
The boy searched for his friends frequently in his free time.
The boy seemed surprised by the girl's question.
The boy seems to be an expert on plants.
The boy seems to be coming in this direction.
The boy seems to know a great deal about plants.
The boy seized the ladder, and began to climb.
The boy set a bird free.
The boy shared his toys with his friends.
The boy shook his head.
The boy shouted that he had been kidnapped.
The boy showed off his new bicycle to everyone.
The boy singing a song is my brother.
The boy sings and the man sleeps.
The boy sitting in the corner looked lonely.
The boy sitting next to Mary is Tom.
The boy sitting on the bench is Tom.
The boy sitting over there is Tom.
The boy skipped over the fence.
The boy sleeps in the living room.
The boy slept eight hours.
The boy slept for ten hours.
The boy slung a stone at the dog.
The boy smiled sympathetically.
The boy smiled.
The boy smoked despite the prohibition.
The boy smoked even though it was not allowed.
The boy sold the man a newspaper.
The boy solved the simultaneous equation with ease.
The boy soon accommodated himself to his new class.
The boy soon became himself again, the rosy colour returned to his cheeks, he jumped down from the old man's lap, and danced around him on the floor.
The boy soon went to sleep.
The boy speaking French is Tom.
The boy spends hours drawing short stories about superheroes.
The boy spends hours drawing superhero comics.
The boy spilled the ink, but he didn't mean to.
The boy spilled the ink, but he didn’t mean to.
The boy splashed about in the tub.
The boy standing by the door is my brother.
The boy standing outside the door is my brother.
The boy standing over there is Tom.
The boy standing over there is my son.
The boy started crying because his mother wouldn't buy him a new bike.
The boy started crying.
The boy started to sob.
The boy stated that he would give a bouquet of roses to the girl that he liked, talk with her, and invite her to have a coffee.
The boy stayed quiet.
The boy stepped on my foot on purpose.
The boy still hasn't been found.
The boy stole money from his mother's handbag.
The boy stole money from his mother’s handbag.
The boy stole the copper coin.
The boy stood on end.
The boy stood on the burning deck, Whence all but him had fled; The flame that lit the battle's wreck Shone round him o'er the dead.
The boy stood still in horror.
The boy strained his eyes also; yet neither could he see the far-off city.
The boy stripped a tree of the bark.
The boy stripped off his clothes.
The boy stroked the girl on the chin and kissed her on the cheeks.
The boy stuck money in his pocket.
The boy stuffed cake into his mouth.
The boy succeeded in his quest, guided by the spirit of a squirrel.
The boy swam in the pool.
The boy swims with his friends.
The boy takes after his father.
The boy talking to Mary is Tom.
The boy talking with Fred is Mike.
The boy talking with Mary is Tom.
The boy talks as if he were a girl.
The boy talks as if he were a great scholar.
The boy talks as if he were a man.
The boy talks like a great scholar.
The boy taunted the girl about her glasses.
The boy thanked the girl.
The boy that has a book in their hands is my cousin.
The boy that we met on the path who was carrying a fishing pole seemed very friendly.
The boy that you met at the park is adopted.
The boy thought he'd better say nothing more on the subject.
The boy thought that his pet turtle understood him better than most people did.
The boy thought that she was a woman.
The boy threw a ball to his friend.
The boy threw a comb behind him.
The boy threw a paper aeroplane at the teacher.
The boy threw a paper airplane at the teacher.
The boy threw a rock at the dog.
The boy threw a stone at the dog.
The boy threw a stone at the frog.
The boy threw a stone.
The boy threw stones at me.
The boy threw stones at the dog.
The boy throws a stone.
The boy thrust the coin into his pocket.
The boy tickled the girl.
The boy tied a string to the dragonfly.
The boy told a lie, probably to cheer up his parents.
The boy told his mother about it first of all when he got home.
The boy told me why he was crying.
The boy told the girl that he liked her.
The boy took a fancy to the dog.
The boy took great pains to solve the quiz.
The boy took no notice of his father's advice.
The boy took no notice of his father’s advice.
The boy took off his cap.
The boy took off his clothes and put on his pajamas.
The boy took off his clothes.
The boy took the cheese out of its wrapper and spread it on the toast.
The boy took the cheese out of its wrapper and spread it on the tostada.
The boy took the radio apart.
The boy touched the hot stove and burnt his hand.
The boy transformed his appearance.
The boy tried eating with chopsticks.
The boy tried moving the heavy sofa.
The boy tried to be a man and not cry.
The boy tried to move the heavy sofa in vain.
The boy tried to move the heavy sofa.
The boy tried to read what was written in the sand.
The boy tried to saw off the dead branch.
The boy tripped and fell on the sidewalk.
The boy tripped and fell, and started to cry.
The boy trotted to his father's side.
The boy trotted to his father’s side.
The boy turned around then.
The boy turned out to be clever.
The boy under the tree playing guitar is Tom.
The boy used to drop in on me very often.
The boy visits his grandma.
The boy walked and counted his steps.
The boy walked through the puddles.
The boy wandered aimlessly down the street.
The boy wandered the street aimlessly.
The boy wants a toy.
The boy wants to become a Newton.
The boy wants to follow his father.
The boy wants to go to the bathroom.
The boy wants to go to the toilet.
The boy wants to know the truth.
The boy was about to jump into the lake.
The boy was absent from school yesterday because he was sick.
The boy was absent from school yesterday because of illness.
The boy was absorbed in playing a computer game.
The boy was accompanied by his parents.
The boy was accused of cheating during the exam.
The boy was admitted to the school.
The boy was afraid of the dark.
The boy was all but drowned.
The boy was allowed to come along having promised to improve his manners.
The boy was almost drowned.
The boy was always reckless of danger.
The boy was amusing himself with plucking my fruit with as much freedom as if it had been his own garden.
The boy was anxious for a bicycle.
The boy was anxious for a new bicycle.
The boy was asked to solve a chemical equation on the board.
The boy was awarded a prize for good conduct.
The boy was battling a serious illness.
The boy was bored with home routines that were dull and unchanging.
The boy was bright-eyed with delight at the present.
The boy was brought home.
The boy was calm.
The boy was clever enough to solve the problem.
The boy was clever enough to solve the puzzle.
The boy was crestfallen when he wasn't allowed to go on the trip.
The boy was cross at having to stay at home.
The boy was crying in the room.
The boy was drawing.
The boy was embarrassed when he came to and found himself crying in front of his grandfather.
The boy was engrossed in constructing a model plane.
The boy was expelled from music school when he was 12.
The boy was fed up with being treated as a burden.
The boy was forced to quit school by his parents.
The boy was frightened, and tried to say a prayer, but he could remember nothing but the multiplication table.
The boy was full.
The boy was gazing at a school of carp in the pond.
The boy was getting irritated.
The boy was given up for dead.
The boy was good at mathematics so everybody considered him a genius.
The boy was helped by me.
The boy was holding a mouse by its tail.
The boy was holding a mouse by the tail.
The boy was kidnapped.
The boy was laughed at by everybody.
The boy was left alone and didn't know what to do.
The boy was lying on his stomach watching TV.
The boy was made king before he could write his own name.
The boy was naked to the waist.
The boy was not humiliated by the laughter of his classmates.
The boy was not upset, even after being laughed at by his classmates.
The boy was on the point of drowning when his father came to his rescue.
The boy was permitted to go with them.
The boy was quiet.
The boy was searching for the key that he had lost.
The boy was searching for the lost key.
The boy was shirtless.
The boy was silent.
The boy was sitting in his usual place.
The boy was so dependent that he could not function in society.
The boy was so tired that he could walk no longer.
The boy was so tired that he couldn't take a single step.
The boy was so tired that he couldn't take one more step.
The boy was so tired that he couldn’t take one more step.
The boy was sold into slavery.
The boy was speechless when talking to a girl.
The boy was still little and didn't understand much.
The boy was suspected of having cheated in the exam.
The boy was taken away from school by his parents.
The boy was thought to have cheated in the exam.
The boy was three years old in 1999, when they sold him.
The boy was tired.
The boy was to lose his mother at an early age.
The boy was too clingy to function in society.
The boy was too short to reach the shelf.
The boy was used to being scolded.
The boy was very loud.
The boy was very pale, and trembled in every limb with cold.
The boy was very sharp at physics.
The boy was wandering about the town.
The boy was watching James Bond's latest movie.
The boy was watching the sheep.
The boy washing the car is my brother.
The boy wasn't clever enough to solve the problem.
The boy wasn't immediately identified.
The boy watched a movie at the theater.
The boy watches the sheep.
The boy wearing the blue sweater is Tom.
The boy wearing the purple baseball cap is Tom.
The boy wears glasses.
The boy wears mittens during cold weather.
The boy weighs thirty kilos.
The boy went down the river on a raft.
The boy went into the house.
The boy went to bed with his socks on.
The boy went to school.
The boy who came yesterday was my younger brother.
The boy who had been missing was identified by his clothes.
The boy who is playing guitar is my brother.
The boy who is singing is excellent.
The boy who is singing the song is my brother.
The boy who is smiling is Marcus.
The boy who is swimming is my younger brother.
The boy who lives next door helped me paint the fence.
The boy who lives next door often comes home late.
The boy who she brought with her was very handsome.
The boy who spoke to me was a new student.
The boy who writes best wins the prize.
The boy who's sitting over there is Tom.
The boy who's swimming over there with Mary is my younger brother.
The boy whom I met yesterday is Tony.
The boy whose dog was hit by a car has not been to school for 3 days.
The boy will have his own way.
The boy will wait for you till you come back.
The boy with blue eyes is Tom.
The boy with the dirty face is Tom.
The boy woke up early to catch the sunrise.
The boy woke up early.
The boy wrote a heartfelt letter to his best friend.
The boy you killed was your son.
The boy you met at my house yesterday can play the drums quite well.
The boy you see is my son.
The boy's aggression is making problems.
The boy's as fit as a fiddle!
The boy's bicycle is in the garage.
The boy's chatter was here interrupted by the arrival of Lady Ashton.
The boy's courage surprised everyone.
The boy's expression showed his disappointment, but even so he looked up at our faces with a glimmer of hope.
The boy's father entered the water and tried in vain to grab him from the alligator's jaws.
The boy's father is a railwayman.
The boy's favorite exhibition at the zoo was the one with the panthers.
The boy's fingers moved in this pockets. Then he replied, "Eleven."
The boy's got to repeat a year because his marks weren't good enough.
The boy's grandfather was a pub landlord.
The boy's name is Tom and his sister's name is Mary.
The boy's name is Tom, and the girl's name is Mary.
The boy's name is Tom.
The boy's name was Tom.
The boy's nose was bleeding.
The boy's parents are devastated.
The boy's plan was to study medicine and return to Saint Croix as a doctor.
The boy's problems are physical, not mental.
The boy's toys are in the bathroom.
The boy, it turns out, has already vanished.
The boy, then just two years old, was saved by his Indian nanny, Sandra Samuel, who grabbed him and fled the building that the militants had stormed.
The boy, upon seeing a butterfly, proceeded to run after it, provoking the anger of his mother, who had ordered him to stay quiet while she gossiped with the lady next door.
The boy, you see, is my son.
The boycott lasted a little more than a year.
The boycott lasted just over a year.
The boycott lasted little more than a year.
The boys all shook their heads.
The boys amused themselves by telling each other jokes.
The boys and I looked at each other and asked ourselves a question no one is able to answer: How long is this going to last?
The boys and girls are playing in the garden.
The boys and girls paired off for the dance.
The boys and girls play in the garden.
The boys and the girls run together.
The boys are all of an age.
The boys are all the same age.
The boys are asking questions.
The boys are being kept away from family members to prevent them from getting an infection.
The boys are excited.
The boys are fine.
The boys are here.
The boys are in the pool.
The boys are noisy.
The boys are not afraid of him.
The boys are out.
The boys are playing American football.
The boys are playing around the green castle.
The boys are playing beach volleyball.
The boys are playing flag football.
The boys are playing football right now.
The boys are playing football.
The boys are playing rugby.
The boys are playing soccer now.
The boys are playing soccer right now.
The boys are playing soccer.
The boys are playing with their Erector Set.
The boys are running to the beach.
The boys are shy.
The boys are still playing in the sandbox.
The boys are still playing in the sandpit.
The boys are that immature in the class.
The boys are thirsty.
The boys are throwing a ball in the back yard.
The boys are under the bed.
The boys are waiting.
The boys are working.
The boys aren't afraid of Tom.
The boys at my school are stupid.
The boys ate every cookie on the plate.
The boys attempted to kill frogs with sharpened sticks.
The boys believed that girls liked guys who owned fast cars.
The boys bring their books every day.
The boys brush their teeth.
The boys built a raft.
The boys came running.
The boys caused a lot of trouble.
The boys climbed up the tree faster than a pack of squirrels.
The boys continued to fish.
The boys couldn't agree who tougher, so they decided to slug it out.
The boys do not sit on benches in the garden, but lie on the soft grass.
The boys drink water.
The boys each received two and a half apples.
The boys eat an apple.
The boys eat bread.
The boys evacuated their tent.
The boys fought over a girl.
The boys fought over her.
The boys from the neighborhood admire him almost as if he were a superhero.
The boys get out of school tomorrow at noon.
The boys gossiped.
The boys grew so much.
The boys have found a coin.
The boys have gone north.
The boys have ruined the radio.
The boys have to stay behind and help clean up.
The boys in the village laughed at me.
The boys just want to have fun.
The boys kept quiet.
The boys laughed at Tom.
The boys laughed at her.
The boys laughed at him.
The boys laughed hysterically.
The boys laughed loudly.
The boys liked that fried potatoes were placed on the table.
The boys listened attentively.
The boys locked Tom in the restroom.
The boys locked Tom in the toilet.
The boys look horribly disappointed.
The boys look sad.
The boys look very disappointed.
The boys looked after the sick hedgehog.
The boys looked at each other.
The boys made fun of the girls.
The boys marched on, singing merrily.
The boys piled their plates high with food.
The boys played cops and robbers.
The boys played in the garden, and the youngest had on his breast a golden star, which the Tree had worn on its happiest evening. Now that was past, and the Tree’s life was past, and the story is past too: past! past!—and that's the way with all stories.
The boys played in the mud.
The boys played soccer.
The boys played softball.
The boys playing basketball are my classmates.
The boys playing the guitar are Tom and John.
The boys playing the saxophones are Tom and John.
The boys ran away because they were afraid.
The boys ran to the beach.
The boys rushed for the door at the same time.
The boys scampered in all directions at the sight of their teacher.
The boys served as novice monks to give thanks for their survival and to show their gratitude to all those who helped them.
The boys set up a hockey rink on the frozen pond.
The boys sitting on the bench are Tom and John.
The boys standing over there are Tom and John.
The boys stared at each other.
The boys started fighting.
The boys stole some apples from the tree.
The boys survived by drinking clean water dripping into the cave.
The boys swam in the river.
The boys talked about football.
The boys talked about girls.
The boys talked about sports.
The boys talked about video games.
The boys took off on their bicycles.
The boys used to make fun of me.
The boys walked in silence for a moment.
The boys walked over and started talking to the girls.
The boys want to play football after school.
The boys went down the river on a raft.
The boys were able to see that the man had bright red hair and that his face was covered with huge freckles or splotches of a dark, reddish brown hue.
The boys were as nervous as the girls.
The boys were banging about upstairs.
The boys were caught stealing apples from the tree.
The boys were climbing about on the rocks.
The boys were completely covered in mud.
The boys were enthusiastic about the music.
The boys were goofing around.
The boys were injured.
The boys were jumping for joy.
The boys were looking after the sick hedgehog.
The boys were on one side and the girls on the other.
The boys were quiet.
The boys were very noisy.
The boys were whispering; I knew they were up to something.
The boys whispered among themselves.
The boys who commit suicide every now and then are just holograms?
The boys who helped us weren't so young.
The boys will be happy.
The boys will play next to the green castle.
The boys wondered at the elephant's trunk.
The boys worked hard.
The boys' bicycle is in the garage.
The boys' dog fled.
The boys' room is on the right, and the girls' room is on the left.
The boys’ bicycle is in the garage.
The boy’s aggression is making problems.
The boy’s fingers moved in this pockets. Then he replied, "Eleven."
The boy’s plan was to study medicine and return to Saint Croix as a doctor.
The boy’s problems are physical, not mental.
The boy’s toys are in the bathroom.
The bra is very cute.
The bra looks great on you.
The bracelets jangled on her wrist.
The brachiosaur's neck seems to go on forever.
The brain and spinal cord give the orders.
The brain and the mind are two different things.
The brain continuously wants to learn, which is why we are curious about other people's affairs.
The brain damage was congenital.
The brain doesn't get enough oxygen.
The brain has a complex structure.
The brain has multiple perceptual systems.
The brain has no pain receptors.
The brain has two hemispheres.
The brain is a crucial body part.
The brain is a neural network that updates itself with each learned task.
The brain is a very complex organ.
The brain is an apparatus with which we think that we think.
The brain is inside the head.
The brain is just a complicated machine.
The brain is like a muscle. If you don't exercise it, it withers away.
The brain is plastic. Human beings are sculptors of their own brains.
The brain is the center of all curative energy.
The brain is the center of every mind, soul, and muscle energy.
The brain is the hardware and the mind is the software.
The brain is the most complex organ in the body.
The brain may be regarded as a kind of parasite of the organism, a pensioner, as it were, who dwells with the body.
The brain needs a continuous supply of blood.
The brain needs to be exercised.
The brain of an adolescent is still forming.
The brain serves many people who have no power, but power serves many people who have no brains.
The brain thinks that life is distracting.
The brain thinks, life goes on.
The brain was not like the liver or the lungs.
The brain waves during REM sleep are the same as when awake, and it's the stage when you have dreams.
The brain waves during REM sleep are the same as when awake, and it’s the stage when you have dreams.
The brainwashed child spouted homophobic rhetoric on stage.
The brake didn't work.
The brake didn’t work.
The brake isn't working well.
The brake isn’t working well.
The brake pedal is stuck.
The brake pedal sticks.
The brake stopped working.
The brake's not working.
The brakes are gone!
The brakes are out of order.
The brakes did not work.
The brakes didn't respond.
The brakes didn't work.
The brakes don't work either.
The brakes don't work!
The brakes don't work.
The brakes failed on the truck.
The brakes locked, and the car began to skid.
The braking distance gets longer if the road is wet.
The brambles cut at Tom's pants.
The brambles tore Tom's trousers.
The branch began to bend as I climbed along it.
The branch bent but did not break.
The branch broke under the weight of the snow.
The branch is about to break.
The branch is about to fall off.
The branch is full of leaves.
The branch loaded with fruit inevitably bends.
The branch of that tree is full of birds.
The branch of the Indian cinema industry producing films in the Telugu language is sometimes nicknamed 'Tollywood'.
The branch offices of the bank are located all over Japan.
The branch snapped and Vladimir fell.
The branch sprang back and hit her.
The branch was clearly snapped in half.
The branches come out of the trunk of the tree.
The branches gave but did not break.
The branches of the old oak, stripped of their leaves, were like frozen bolts of lightning.
The branches on the tree swayed in the wind.
The branches on the tree were crooked from the wind hitting them.
The branches swayed in the gentle wind as if nodding their heads.
The branches were bowed down with oranges.
The branches were laden with oranges.
The brand new pen is easy to use.
The brand new pen is really useful.
The brand of coffee he drinks is the same brand I drink.
The branding iron was red hot.
The brandy brought him around in no time.
The brandy is all gone.
The brandy is getting to my head.
The brandy is on the table.
The bras from this store are expensive.
The brass aren't playing together.
The brass band marched around the town.
The brass band members looked very happy.
The brass band played three marches.
The brass need to play together.
The brave captain saved his ship.
The brave fireman rescued a boy from the burning house.
The brave halfling stumbled from a frying pan straight into a fire.
The brave knight saved the beautiful princess from the evil dragon.
The brave knight steps forward and kisses the lady on the hand.
The brave man over there saved my life.
The brave mouse chased the cat.
The brave sentry thinks it's funny that most Spanish 3rd-person-sentences have six possible ways of being translated to German.
The brave sentry thinks it’s funny that most Spanish 3rd-person-sentences have six possible ways of being translated to German.
The brave soldiers went head-to-head with the enemy to regain their city.
The bread I bought at the supermarket didn't taste very good.
The bread I bought at the supermarket doesn't taste very good.
The bread I bought at the supermarket is rather tasteless.
The bread I got from my neighbor, Mr. Yamada, had a soft texture, and my father, who prefers hard bread, was sure to dislike it.
The bread arrived; the basket can be thrown away.
The bread at Benedito's restaurant is freshly baked.
The bread comes fresh from the oven.
The bread dough we made in home economics class turned into salt dough.
The bread dough we made in home economics class turned out as salt dough.
The bread finished, she offered a spoonful of jam pure and simple; it was swallowed with gusto.
The bread from this bakery is excellent.
The bread has been ready since yesterday.
The bread has gone mouldy. It's not edible anymore.
The bread has gotten moldy. It's not edible anymore.
The bread in our shop is carefully baked one loaf at a time by our artisans with heartfelt dedication.
The bread is as hard as a rock.
The bread is baking in the oven.
The bread is brown.
The bread is burning you.
The bread is burnt.
The bread is cutting badly because it's very soft.
The bread is expensive.
The bread is fresh.
The bread is hard.
The bread is here.
The bread is in the oven.
The bread is mouldy.
The bread is nice and fresh.
The bread is not fresh.
The bread is old and hard.
The bread is old.
The bread is stale.
The bread is still hot.
The bread is still in the oven.
The bread is still warm.
The bread is stuck in the toaster.
The bread is stuffed with cheese.
The bread is three days old.
The bread is white.
The bread isn't fresh.
The bread landed on the floor upside down.
The bread my friends and I ate had raisins in it.
The bread of the Kabyles is delicious with oil.
The bread on this sandwich is dry.
The bread really smells good.
The bread that I bought at the supermarket didn't taste very good.
The bread that I bought at the supermarket doesn't taste very good.
The bread was all mouldy.
The bread was baked light and fluffy.
The bread was completely mouldy.
The bread was hard as a rock.
The bread was lightly dusted with flour.
The bread was moldy, but Tom ate it anyway.
The bread was moldy, so I threw it away.
The bread was moldy, so I threw it out.
The bread was mouldy, but Tom ate it nevertheless.
The bread was scorched from being cooked on the open flame of the camp fire.
The bread was still warm.
The bread we ate had raisins in it.
The bread we ate had raisins on it.
The bread went hard.
The bread went mouldy.
The bread you ate was burnt.
The bread's baking in the oven.
The bread's not ready yet, even though it looks it. Before it's finished baking, it needs another 20 minutes in the oven.
The bread's on the table.
The bread.
The breaded pork cutlet they serve in Tom's company cafeteria is so crispy and delicious.
The break is over, Yanni.
The break is over.
The break up tore Mennad apart.
The break-in constituted heightened security.
The breakage goes from the ankle to the knee. It's like the bone just disintegrated.
The breakage goes from the ankle to the knee. It’s like the bone just disintegrated.
The breakdown van has arrived.
The breakfast cafe was open for business.
The breakfast cafe will kill me sooner than later.
The breakfast dishes were still in the sink.
The breakfast is cold!
The breakfast is included in the charge.
The breakfast is not ready.
The breakfast menu has been written in the pamphlet.
The breakfast menu hasn't changed for decades.
The breakfast place is very busy.
The breakfast rush starts in an hour.
The breaking waves formed foam.
The breakthrough has been made.
The breakup was tough for Sami.
The breakwater had no effect against the tsunami.
The breath of my horse formed vapour in the frosty air.
The breath of the horses rose in winter air.
The breathing becomes more and more hard.
The breathing stopped.
The breathtaking landscapes of India, from the Himalayas to Kerala's backwaters, are awe-inspiring.
The breeding of those plants is licensed.
The breeding season for bald eagles typically occurs in the winter months.
The breeding season for bears varies depending on the species and location.
The breeding season for cattle usually takes place in the summer.
The breeding season for elephants is not tied to a specific time of year.
The breeding season for horses is typically in the spring.
The breeding season for many bird species is triggered by the length of daylight.
The breeding season for many birds is in spring.
The breeding season for many fish species is determined by water temperature and availability of food.
The breeding season for most fish is in the warmer months of the year.
The breeding season for penguins begins in early spring.
The breeding season for rabbits can last for several months.
The breeding season for sea turtles varies by species, but typically occurs in the summer months.
The breeding season for some bird species can last for several months.
The breeding season for some sea turtle species is during the summer months.
The breeding season for wolves is usually in the late winter or early spring.
The breeding season for wolves typically occurs in the winter months.
The breeze carried a sweet scent.
The breeze carried her thoughts away.
The breeze carried the scent of flowers.
The breeze carried the scent of jasmine.
The breeze carries the scent of distant memories.
The breeze carries the scent of new beginnings.
The breeze carries the whispers of tomorrow.
The breeze cooled Ziri's feet.
The breeze cooled the hot day.
The breeze feels good.
The breeze is powerful.
The breeze kissed her face.
The breeze played with the curtains.
The breeze ruffled her hair.
The breeze slammed the door shut.
The breeze threw the door shut.
The breeze was blowing through the trees.
The breeze was pushing the foliage around.
The breeze whispers of faraway lands.
The brewery produces three beers.
The bribery came to light.
The bribery scandal cast doubts on the government.
The bribery scandal created a backlash overseas.
The brick wall collapsed on itself.
The bricklayer calculated that he would need 500 bricks for the wall.
The bricklayer is building a wall.
The bricklayers that you hired are a bunch of slugs. They take a whole day to build a simple wall.
The bridal bouquet was made of roses and tulips.
The bridal couple were received by the registrar in the ballroom of the town hall.
The bridal feast was followed by dancing.
The bridal guests assembled in gallant troops from distant quarters.
The bride and bridegroom retired as usual, when of a sudden the most wild and piercing cries were heard from the nuptial chamber.
The bride and groom are talking when the bride's brothers appear.
The bride and groom kissed when the ceremony ended.
The bride and groom released two doves when they came out into the church yard.
The bride and groom swore faithfulness and love until death.
The bride and her father arrived at the church in a traditional carriage drawn by two magnificent white horses.
The bride came into the room with lowered eyes and with everyone staring at her.
The bride came into the room, with everyone staring at her.
The bride greatly resented being left at the church.
The bride has finally arrived.
The bride highly resented being dumped at the altar.
The bride imagines that she is visited by the groom at night, and praises his beauty, addressing his companions, and the groom, in turn, also praises the beauty of his beloved.
The bride is American with Polish origins.
The bride is prostrate while the tambourine is in full swing.
The bride is wearing a white wedding dress.
The bride looked very beautiful.
The bride looked very pretty.
The bride realised on the morning of her wedding that her wedding dress didn't fit anymore.
The bride remains silent out of respect for her new parents-in-laws.
The bride seems to be very pretty.
The bride stands out on her throne.
The bride suddenly laughed.
The bride was beautiful.
The bride was led forth betwixt her brother Henry and her mother.
The bride was radiant.
The bride was then sought for. She was found in the corner of the large chimney, having no covering save her shift, and that dabbled in gore.
The bride was wearing a pure white dress.
The bride was wearing a silk dress with polka dots.
The bride was wearing a very beautiful, long white dress.
The bride was wearing a white wedding dress.
The bride who charges for a night of intimacy is not a bride, but a prostitute.
The bride's beauty is half the dowry.
The bride's family is paying for the wedding.
The bride's father arrived late to the wedding.
The bride's father showed up late for the wedding ceremony.
The bride's wedding dress had been passed down through the family for four generations.
The bride, accompanied by her companions, waits for the groom and, upon his arrival, both declare their love for each other, so much so that the bride, overcome with passion, goes into ecstasy.
The bride’s father showed up late for the wedding ceremony.
The bridge between Denmark and Sweden is almost five Swedish miles long.
The bridge between Denmark and Sweden is almost five miles long.
The bridge collapsed when one of the cables broke.
The bridge collapsed when one of the cables snapped.
The bridge collapsed.
The bridge connects the two cities.
The bridge cost a great deal of money.
The bridge cost a lot of money.
The bridge couldn't sustain the force of the strong current and collapsed.
The bridge couldn’t sustain the force of the strong current and collapsed.
The bridge crashed under the pressure.
The bridge crosses the bay.
The bridge exploded.
The bridge gave way because of the flood.
The bridge gave way.
The bridge had been built before that time.
The bridge had to be high to allow boats to pass underneath.
The bridge has a span of 100 meters.
The bridge has been destroyed.
The bridge here broke and I won't be able to go by car.
The bridge is a mile upstream.
The bridge is about to collapse.
The bridge is approximately a mile long.
The bridge is being repainted.
The bridge is being repaired.
The bridge is blocked for traffic.
The bridge is blocked.
The bridge is built of wood.
The bridge is closed for essential repairs.
The bridge is closed to traffic.
The bridge is closed.
The bridge is designed to open in the middle.
The bridge is far down the river.
The bridge is having maintenance work done to it.
The bridge is high.
The bridge is low.
The bridge is made of iron.
The bridge is made of stone.
The bridge is not safe.
The bridge is now open for traffic.
The bridge is now open to traffic.
The bridge is old.
The bridge is on the right.
The bridge is one mile above.
The bridge is open for traffic.
The bridge is open to traffic.
The bridge is out.
The bridge is rickety.
The bridge is safe; you can drive across.
The bridge is so made that it may open in the middle.
The bridge is still under construction.
The bridge is supported by 10 posts.
The bridge is supported by a truss made up of steel beams, making it both strong and lightweight.
The bridge is thirty meters in width.
The bridge is under construction.
The bridge is under maintenance.
The bridge is undergoing maintenance work.
The bridge is very fragile.
The bridge is very long and very tall.
The bridge is wide and the river is deep.
The bridge must be built in six months.
The bridge saved me a lot of time.
The bridge saved them a lot of time and trouble.
The bridge saved us a lot of time.
The bridge separates city A from city B.
The bridge should be lifted so that the ships can pass.
The bridge suddenly gave way.
The bridge the engineer designed collapsed.
The bridge they've been working on for the past three years is finally finished.
The bridge took just two years to build.
The bridge was bombed only at the end of the conflict.
The bridge was bombed.
The bridge was broken after just one day.
The bridge was built by the Romans.
The bridge was built within two years.
The bridge was carried away by the flood.
The bridge was destroyed by Gustavo.
The bridge was destroyed by a giant robot.
The bridge was on the brink of collapsing.
The bridge was shaking.
The bridge was to be built by the soldiers.
The bridge was washed away by the flood.
The bridge was washed away.
The bridge will be completed by the end of this year.
The bridge will give way under such a heavy load.
The bridge will take months longer to build and cost millions of dollars more than first estimated.
The briefcase near the door is Tom's.
The briefcase on the table is mine.
The briefest mention of camping excites him.
The briefing will start now.
The brigadier performs field duties with initial hierarchical responsibilities.
The bright boy comprehended the concept of geometry.
The bright child can tolerate failure.
The bright colors and flashing lights were more attune to that of a rave than a child's playroom.
The bright colors arrested our eyes.
The bright light disturbed Markku.
The bright light makes my head throb.
The bright moon was at its zenith.
The bright morning sun rose and Gabriel packed up and left.
The bright red flowers stood out among the greens.
The bright sun was shining.
The bright sunlight hurt my eyes.
The bright warm sun shone on a little court, on the first warm day of spring. His bright beams rested on the white walls of the neighboring house; and close by bloomed the first yellow flower of the season, glittering like gold in the sun's warm ray.
The brightening of the night also worries biologists, who say artificial lighting disrupts bird migration and the development and behavior of several other animals. At a recent [21-22 Feb.] Washington meeting of experts from several fields to discuss the night, evolutionary biologist Bryant Buchanan of Utica College in New York State cited studies showing that fewer frogs and salamanders metamorphose when the night sky is lighter, and pond snails do not grow as large as normal.
The brightest flame burns quickest.
The brightest light in town is that of the mosque.
The brightest passenger in the ship, and the most interesting and felicitous talker, was a young Canadian who was not able to let the whisky bottle alone.
The brightest star in the night sky is Sirius, in the Great Dog constellation.
The brightest star in the night sky is Sirius, in the constellation Canis Major.
The brightest student expressed gratitude on behalf of his classmates.
The brightness bothers me.
The brightness of her smile always makes me feel better.
The brightness of the sky showed that the storm had passed.
The brightness of the sunlight is attenuated quickly as it passes through the water.
The brilliant birds and the little monkeys had become accustomed to their new acquaintances.
The brilliant colors possessed by the full-blown flowers are due to the dyes placed in the soil by the Ryls, which are drawn through the little veins in the roots and the body of the plants, as they reach maturity.
The brim of his soft felt hat hid every inch of his face but the shiny tip of his nose.
The brim of the fedora measures approximately 2 1/4 inches with a slight upturn.
The brioche is like the bastard child of sponge cake and bread, but its feeling under the tongue is the best under the heavens.
The brioche is like the bastard child of sponge cake and bread, but its taste is peerless.
The bristlecone pine is the longest-living thing on Earth.
The bristlecone pine is the oldest individually growing organism.
The bristlecones grow well in limestone soil. Most trees do not grow well in such soil.
The broad lines on the map correspond to roads.
The broad river flows slowly.
The broadcaster made edits to the television schedule.
The broam stood in the doorway and then vanished.
The broccoli is either costly or of poor quality.
The broccoli is overcooked today and so I don't like it.
The broccoli is overcooked today — it's not very good.
The broccoli today is overcooked and doesn't taste good.
The broccoli today isn't very fresh.
The brochure didn't tempt me to go on holiday there.
The brochure hasn't enticed me to go on holiday there.
The brochure of the Aesculapian Medical Society was really beautiful.
The broke the jug.
The broken bottle magnified the sun's rays and started a forest fire.
The broken doll is mine.
The broken leg has not healed yet.
The broken leg isn't Tom's biggest problem.
The broken machine had reached the end of the line.
The broken window was boarded up.
The brokerage charged significant commissions on both buy and sell orders, ensuring it made money hand over fist.
The bronze armor was useless against the Saxons' relentless attack.
The bronze bell sounds nice.
The bronze cuirass was found in a tomb dating to the Iron Age.
The bronze horse lacks the kind of paper trail that typically accompanies ancient artifacts legally exported out of Greece.
The bronze statue looks quite nice from a distance.
The bronze statue was broken into pieces.
The brook started to flow in Tom's direction.
The broom ought to be in here someplace.
The broom should be in here someplace.
The broth is hot.
The broth is more expensive than the fish.
The broth must be poured slowly.
The brother is writing.
The brother of a parent is an uncle.
The brother of either my father or my mother, is my uncle.
The brother of my father is my uncle.
The brother of my grandmother's daughter could be both my uncle and my father.
The brother of my mother is my uncle.
The brother of my wife is my brother-in-law.
The brother writes.
The brother wrote a letter to the sister.
The brother's death was a heavy loss.
The brother-in-law of a parent is an uncle.
The brothers Joseph Michel and Jacques Etienne Montgolfier were inventors of the first hot air balloon.
The brothers built upon data from German experimenter Otto Lillienthal to improve the shape of wings for most efficient lift.
The brothers cared for one another.
The brothers had a hot dispute on her marriage.
The brothers hate each other.
The brothers were born twelve years apart.
The brothers write.
The brothers' school records nearly matched.
The brothers’ school records nearly matched.
The brown bear is an omnivore.
The brown bowl is being filled with ume.
The brown bread is tasty.
The brown dog ate the rabbit.
The brown hat is old.
The brown horse is fast.
The brown mouse is big.
The brown mouse is small.
The brown rice is still cooking.
The brown unicorn crossed the river.
The brows were separated by a deep furrow.
The browser does not work.
The browser doesn't work.
The browser is not working.
The browser is running really slowly.
The browser isn't working.
The browser queries the DNS server to find out the IP address.
The bruises on Tom's face have faded.
The brunette does not attract you.
The brunette is afraid of the dragon's fire.
The brunette's name is Mary.
The brunt of criticism was borne by the chairmen.
The bruschetta at Benedito's restaurant is fresh and flavorful.
The brush opened up into a giant area of oak trees.
The brutal military junta was installed by the CIA to protect American business interests.
The bubble burst in the air.
The bubble burst.
The bubbles occasioned by her descent were crimsoned with blood as they arose.
The bubbling murmur of the clear fountain, the waving of the trees, the profusion of grass and wild-flowers that rise among the ruins, make it like a scene in romance.
The bubonic plague has a case-fatality ratio of 30%-100% if left untreated.
The bubonic plague is a highly infectious and often fatal disease.
The buck charged Ziri.
The buck could produce milk.
The buck could sense danger before the other goats.
The buck guarded Benedito's herd.
The buck stops here.
The buck stops with me.
The buck stops with me. I am responsible and accountable for my actions.
The buck stops with you, Tom.
The buck was a valuable member of Benedito's herd.
The buck was grunting.
The buck's antler was broken.
The buck's antlers were sharp.
The bucket is a little heavy.
The bucket is full of water.
The bucket is full.
The bucket is leaky.
The bucket was full of cherries.
The bucket was full of compost.
The bucket was full of rainwater.
The bucket was full of water.
The buckets are in the room.
The buckeye is the state tree of Ohio.
The bucolic setting was so beautiful that she decided to paint it.
The bud blossomed.
The budding of the peach tree is very beautiful.
The budget appears to be inaccurate and unrealistic.
The budget cuts are bound to cause some friction in the department.
The budget does not allow for this expenditure.
The budget for these measures is very low.
The budget is bound to fluctuate due to the economy.
The budget is extremely small.
The budget must be balanced.
The budget of the film was very limited.
The budget passed the Upper House.
The budget was cut to the bone.
The budget was narrowly approved by Congress.
The buds are becoming beautiful red roses.
The buds are beginning to show signs of color.
The buds are just showing.
The buds became beautiful red roses.
The buds began to burst.
The buds began to open.
The buds burst open at the first sign of spring.
The buds on that tree are about to pop open.
The buds on the bush have not changed in size since fall.
The buds were about to pop out.
The buffalo gives us meat to eat.
The buffalo killed the lion.
The buffalo was eaten alive by the lions.
The buffalo were killed.
The buffet or the cafeteria is in Car 9.
The bug dug into Ziri's skin.
The bug has been corrected.
The bug has been fixed.
The bug is still alive.
The bug is thirsty.
The bug is underneath me.
The bug looks and has sex.
The bug was almost as big as a dog.
The bug was fixed.
The bug was hanging from the ceiling.
The buggy is in the baby's room.
The bugle sounded retreat.
The bugler played taps as the tricolour was lowered at sunset.
The bugs are especially conspicuous in the Washington area, where a newspaper columnist tells their story and invites his readers to do the same.
The bugs are everywhere.
The bugs have overwintered.
The bugs were getting nearer.
The build a nuclear plant in the area, they mismanage it, then when an accident happens, the populace of the area will be left to face the environmental consequences for decades.
The builder is installing tile on the wall.
The builder of those houses is unknown.
The builders estimated a time period of 20 days to finish the project.
The building appeared to have been abandoned for many years.
The building belongs to Yanni.
The building built last year is very big.
The building burst into flames.
The building caught fire.
The building collapsed in 2004.
The building collapsed in the earthquake.
The building collapsed three years ago.
The building collapsed.
The building crumbled to pieces three years ago.
The building did not pass a fire inspection.
The building doesn't blend in with its surroundings.
The building doesn't have a lift.
The building doesn’t blend in with its surroundings.
The building ended up collapsing as a result.
The building exhibits signs of dilapidation.
The building fell down suddenly.
The building fell down.
The building has 20 floors.
The building has 600 windows – I've counted them.
The building has a brick facade.
The building has a high ceiling and is well ventilated.
The building has been evacuated.
The building has exits on all sides.
The building has four storeys.
The building has no fire exit.
The building has no lift.
The building has not been known to us at all.
The building has several floors.
The building has twelve floors.
The building has twenty floors.
The building hasn't been evacuated yet.
The building hasn't been torn down yet.
The building hasn't got a lift.
The building hasn't yet been evacuated.
The building included warehouse space and its own recording studio.
The building is a hideous pile.
The building is a huge structure.
The building is a monstrous structure.
The building is absolutely stunning.
The building is already under construction.
The building is being demolished.
The building is being restored.
The building is blue.
The building is built of marble of a most lovely color.
The building is burning.
The building is clean.
The building is close to me.
The building is closed.
The building is definitely haunted.
The building is equipped with emergency stairs.
The building is grayish yellow.
The building is high-ceilinged and well ventilated.
The building is in a state of disrepair.
The building is in danger of collapse.
The building is in good condition, but it is obvious that it is unoccupied.
The building is incapable of repair.
The building is managed by a local arts foundation.
The building is managed by a local cultural foundation.
The building is nice.
The building is not Florentine in the basement, Milanese in the middle stories, and Venetian at the top.
The building is old but solid.
The building is on fire.
The building is on your right. You can't miss it.
The building is on your right. You can’t miss it.
The building is one hundred meters high.
The building is over there.
The building is rotten inside and out.
The building is seven stories high.
The building is so badly damaged it's in danger of imploding.
The building is still standing, after all these years.
The building is structurally unsound.
The building is surrounded by a barbed wire fence.
The building is surrounded by police.
The building is tall.
The building is to be fifteen stories high, and built to resist earthquakes.
The building is twenty stories high.
The building is under construction.
The building is very high and it's scary to look down.
The building is yellowish gray.
The building isn't safe.
The building looked abandoned.
The building looked more like an old church than a school.
The building looks down on the whole town.
The building may crash at any time.
The building must have at least two entrances.
The building next door is on fire.
The building of a bed, chairs, table, and shelves was a relatively easy matter.
The building of a cathedral involved many stonemasons.
The building of some cathedrals could take more than a century.
The building of the Eiffel Tower marked the arrival of the twentieth century.
The building of the railway was an important stimulus to the economic development of the town and its surroundings.
The building on the hill is our school.
The building on the mountain is our school.
The building on the right is a school.
The building on the right side is a school.
The building once housed a cafe, a pharmacy, a barber shop, a printing office, a shop where chairs were recaned, and second-story rooms for boarders.
The building passed from owner to owner.
The building provides space for start-ups active in the fields of biotechnology, biomedicine, medical technology, engineering sciences, informatics, telematics and software engineering.
The building replaced several houses.
The building site was vacated.
The building stands on the river.
The building stood beside the river.
The building suffered much from the earthquake.
The building that I saw was very large.
The building that was here was demolished three years ago.
The building that you currently see in front of you is supposed to be the biggest post office in the world.
The building to the right of that office building is the Tokyo Building.
The building turned into ashes.
The building turned to ashes.
The building used to be a drug den.
The building was about twice the size of a house.
The building was around the Martyrs' Memorial in Algiers.
The building was built by a Russian architect.
The building was built in 1960.
The building was completed nine months after breaking ground.
The building was completely destroyed by the earthquake.
The building was completely destroyed.
The building was completely wrecked by last year’s earthquake.
The building was constructed in the 16th century.
The building was divided into four rooms.
The building was given up to a youth club.
The building was heavily damaged by fire.
The building was not sold for 10,000 dollars, let alone 15,000 dollars.
The building was of gray, lichen-blotched stone, with a high central portion and two curving wings, like the claws of a crab, thrown out on each side.
The building was preserved due to its historical significance.
The building was quiet.
The building was reduced to ashes.
The building was reduced to rubble.
The building was saved from demolition.
The building was scorched after the fire.
The building was scorched by the fire.
The building was severely damaged.
The building was shaking violently.
The building was still there in my time.
The building was totally destroyed by the earthquake.
The building was used as a stablehouse.
The building which stands on the hillside is our school.
The building whose roof you can see over there is our church.
The building will be completed in a year.
The building will be constructed on a former brownfield.
The building will be made of concrete on a steel framework.
The building with the reddish brown roof is a church.
The building work has to be stopped immediately so that archaeological excavations can be carried out.
The building work must be halted immediately so that archaeological excavations can be carried out.
The building work's got to be stopped immediately so that archaeological excavations can be carried out.
The building you see over there is an auto factory.
The building's in good nick, though it's obvious no one lives there.
The building's on fire.
The building's structure is compromised.
The building's superintendent has set up a meeting with the residents.
The building, rather than the exhibition as a whole, is intended to disturb and unsettle - a reminder of what Jews went through during the Holocaust or in exile.
The buildings are burning.
The buildings are drowning in snow.
The buildings are filled with bags of wheat.
The buildings are old and about to collapse.
The buildings are on fire.
The buildings are small in comparison to the skyscrapers in New York.
The buildings are small in comparison with the skyscrapers in New York.
The buildings fell into disrepair.
The buildings in this part of Stockholm are colourful.
The buildings look pretty ragged now, but they still have charm.
The buildings look so tiny.
The buildings shook in the earthquake.
The buildings that we saw were absolutely beautiful.
The buildings we saw were absolutely beautiful.
The buildings were damaged by the storm last night.
The buildings were draped with snow.
The buildings were still intact after the flood.
The built a big house in Kabylie, Algeria.
The bulb has burned out.
The bulb is broken.
The bulb wasn't burnt out. It was just not screwed in properly.
The bulbs will need changing soon.
The bulk of his work is in the urban area.
The bulk of these books are novels.
The bull bellows and paws the ground before charging.
The bull broke out of the enclosure.
The bull does not strike with the head because he has horns, but he has horns because he wants to strike.
The bull escaped from the ring.
The bull giraffe never took eyes off our car.
The bull is a strong animal.
The bull is mooing.
The bull is stronger than the bullfighter, but he almost always loses.
The bull mooed.
The bull, the cow and the calf are covered with hair. The ram, or wether, the ewe and the lamb have wool. The billy goat, the gelded goat, the she-goat and kid have long hair and beards.
The bulldozer smashed into the concrete, obliterating everything in its path.
The bullet cut through an artery.
The bullet entered above the knee.
The bullet found its mark.
The bullet glanced off his helmet.
The bullet glanced off the target.
The bullet got the policeman in the leg.
The bullet grazed his cheek.
The bullet grazed his skull.
The bullet hit him in the back.
The bullet hit something hard.
The bullet is still in Tom's leg.
The bullet just shaved his cheek.
The bullet lodged in Tom's lung.
The bullet lodged in his chest.
The bullet missed Sami.
The bullet missed Tom.
The bullet missed its mark.
The bullet missed my face by five centimetres.
The bullet penetrated him.
The bullet penetrated his chest, leaving him in critical condition.
The bullet penetrated his chest.
The bullet penetrated his muscular chest.
The bullet penetrated the partition.
The bullet penetrated the wall.
The bullet pierced Yumi's aorta, leaving her a slim chance of survival.
The bullet pierced his arm.
The bullet train came roaring past.
The bullet train we were on pulled out at 12 sharp.
The bullet went right through his head.
The bullet went through her body.
The bullet went through his body.
The bulletin board is a riot of posted notices and reminders, the photocopier is in overdrive, and people are busy typing on keyboards and talking into telephones.
The bullets bounced off the side of the armored car.
The bullets bounced off the side of the armoured car.
The bullets ricocheted, injuring Fadil.
The bullets ricocheted, injuring Sami.
The bullets ricocheted, injuring Tom.
The bullies at secondary school left Tom alone because he was good at football.
The bullseye in Yanni's car is barely visible.
The bullseye in Yanni's windshield can be seen from miles away.
The bullseye in Yanni's windshield is almost invisible.
The bullseye in Yanni's windshield is clearly visible.
The bullseye in Yanni's windshield is completely gone.
The bullseye in Yanni's windshield is disappearing.
The bullseye in Yanni's windshield is gone.
The bullseye in Yanni's windshield is half an inch across.
The bullseye in Yanni's windshield is hardly visible.
The bullseye in Yanni's windshield is still clearly visible.
The bullseye in Yanni's windshield is still visible.
The bullseye in Yanni's windshield is vanishing already.
The bullseye in Yanni's windshield is very hard to see.
The bullseye in Yanni's windshield is visible from yards away.
The bullseye in Yanni's windshield isn't totally fixed. It's still visible.
The bullseye in Yanni's windshield was easily repaired.
The bullseye is at the bottom of the windshield.
The bullseye is totally gone.
The bully stomped on his schoolmate’s lunchbox out of spite.
The bumblebee bat is the smallest bat in the world.
The bumblebee bat is the smallest mammal in the world.
The bumblebees love the wisteria.
The bumbling waiter spilled soup on a customer.
The bun was half eaten.
The bunch of flowers I saw my friend holding didn't seem to have roses in it.
The bunch of flowers he gave me cost more or less 500 dollars.
The bungalow is approached only by a narrow path.
The bunion on my left foot is rubbing up against the inside of my shoe.
The bunk building had room for at least fourteen campers.
The bunk building hasn't been used for years.
The bunk was built by Ziri.
The bunker isn't safe.
The bunker was empty.
The bunnies hop through the meadow.
The bunny asked with a whimper, "Are you going to eat me?" To which the fox replied, "Why would I? I'm a vegetarian."
The bunny is so cute!
The bunny jumped over the dog.
The buoyancy, vivacity, energy, enthusiasm and ambition ordinarily associated with youth can be maintained through middle age and in some cases even to old age.
The burbot is a valued food fish.
The burden has been heavy, it's time to get rid of it.
The burden is gradually getting heavier.
The burden is light on the shoulder.
The burden of proof is on you.
The burden of risk is too great.
The burden should ideally be increased little by little.
The burden that they have been carrying is very heavy.
The burden we carry today will be removed
The burdens I carry seem too heavy.
The bureau drawer has several compartments.
The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of an expanding bureaucracy.
The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of the expanding bureaucracy.
The bureaucracy is intolerable.
The bureaucracy was intolerable. I'm glad I left.
The bureaucrats are militants of paperwork.
The bureaucrats maintain solid ties with the gigantic corporations.
The burger joint is famous in Algiers.
The burger joint offers customization.
The burger was served on a brioche bun.
The burger was smoky and savory.
The burger was topped with onions.
The burgers cost a buck apiece.
The burgers here are very good.
The burglar broke in through the window.
The burglar broke into the house under the cover of night.
The burglar broke into the post office in broad daylight.
The burglar burst into his house.
The burglar came in through a window.
The burglar came into the house through this door.
The burglar didn't have any plan - he just entered the shop and grabbed things at random.
The burglar didn’t have any plan - he just entered the shop and grabbed things at random.
The burglar gained access to the house through a window.
The burglar gained access to the house through an unlocked side window.
The burglar gained access to the house through this door.
The burglar gained entry through the front door, which had been left unlocked.
The burglar got away.
The burglar got in through a broken window.
The burglar hit my nose with his forehead.
The burglar is used to staying up late.
The burglar knocked Sami out.
The burglar likely entered through the broken window.
The burglar locked the couple in the basement.
The burglar must have entered the mansion from the roof.
The burglar pointed his gun at the victim.
The burglar put the dog into the oven.
The burglar shut the child in the closet.
The burglar sneezed loudly.
The burglar tied my hands behind my back with a rope.
The burglar told the police he hadn't stolen anything.
The burglar was caught in the act of prying open the window.
The burglar was likely wearing gloves.
The burglar was traced by one of the things he had left on the scene.
The burglar was traced by one of the things she had left on the scene.
The burglar wore gloves, with the result that there were no finger-prints to be found.
The burglar would surely be in the master bedroom, looking for cash and jewelry.
The burglars appear to have been surprised by the watchman.
The burglars are in prison.
The burglars brazenly gained entry through the front door in the early evening by drilling out the cylinder lock.
The burglars broke into his house.
The burglars broke into the bank at night.
The burglars came under cover of darkness.
The burglars entered the house.
The burglars forced the lock to get into the apartment.
The burglars gagged the home owner and tied him to a chair.
The burier and the buried go the same way.
The burlap sack held several kilos of flour.
The burning building was about to collapse.
The burning of coal is responsible for more than 40% of Australia's greenhouse gas emissions.
The burning of the Quran exemplifies the worst form of religious bigotry and ignorance.
The burning of the Quran fosters an environment of hostility and religious intolerance.
The burning of the Quran is a clear violation of the principles of religious tolerance and respect for diverse beliefs.
The burnt cat is afraid of fire.
The burqa is a choice.
The burrito had a kick of heat.
The burrito was oozing with cheese.
The burrito was stuffed with beans.
The bursar accepted my tuition check.
The bursting of Japan's so-called bubble economy sent shock waves through international markets.
The bursting of Japan’s so-called bubble economy sent shockwaves through international markets.
The bus I rode yesterday was very crowded.
The bus I rode yesterday wasn't very crowded.
The bus I take to school is always crowded.
The bus I was supposed to take had already left by the time I got to the bus stop.
The bus Tom is on should be here soon.
The bus Tom was on was involved in an accident.
The bus arrived at exactly 2:30.
The bus arrived empty.
The bus arrived exactly at 8 a.m.
The bus arrived five minutes early.
The bus arrived much later than expected.
The bus arrived on time.
The bus arrived ten minutes behind time.
The bus arrived ten minutes late.
The bus arrived thirty minutes late.
The bus arrives at four.
The bus arrives late.
The bus became crowded.
The bus being late, I got a taxi.
The bus between the two museums is free, but passengers are expected to make a donation.
The bus broke down at one end of the bridge.
The bus broke down on the way, so I ran to school.
The bus burst into flames.
The bus came to a full stop.
The bus came to a stop and everybody got off.
The bus came to a stop and everyone got off.
The bus came to a stop, and all the passengers got off.
The bus came to a stop.
The bus came to an abrupt stop.
The bus can carry a maximum of 40 people.
The bus can carry a maximum of forty people.
The bus carries a lot of inflammable materials.
The bus comes every thirty minutes.
The bus comes just as he reaches the bus stop.
The bus conductor told her to get off because she could not pay the fare.
The bus departure was announced in Berber.
The bus deposited us at the station.
The bus didn't have any passengers on board at the time of the accident.
The bus didn't stop at his stop.
The bus doesn't always come on time.
The bus doesn’t always come on time.
The bus door folded back shut.
The bus door opened.
The bus driver and three passengers were killed.
The bus driver asked me in Berber: "Where are you going?"
The bus driver didn't see the pedestrian.
The bus driver didn't stop at any bus stops, but continued until he arrived in Boston with a police escort.
The bus driver didn’t see the pedestrian.
The bus driver fell asleep and the bus crashed into the junkyard. Thankfully, no one was hurt.
The bus driver glared at us for shouting.
The bus driver helped the old lady off the bus.
The bus driver is not happy with you.
The bus driver is super nice.
The bus driver looks a lot like Tom.
The bus driver opened the door.
The bus driver slammed on the brakes and three of the passengers who were standing suffered minor injuries.
The bus driver suffered minor injuries.
The bus driver swerved to avoid a snake on the road.
The bus driver told the pupils to keep their heads inside the bus.
The bus driver warned the pupils not to stick their heads out the window.
The bus driver was drunk.
The bus driver was not impressed when Tom pulled out a $50 note to pay his fare.
The bus driver was over fifty.
The bus driver was speaking in Berber.
The bus driver was the only one who wasn't hurt.
The bus driver was the only one who wasn't injured.
The bus drivers are going on strike today.
The bus drivers are on strike today.
The bus drivers here are terrible.
The bus drivers might go on strike.
The bus dropped John off first.
The bus drops Yanni off at his house.
The bus drove slowly.
The bus fare here is 90 yen a section.
The bus fare is expensive.
The bus fare was raised.
The bus fares have been raised by 20 percent.
The bus fell off the cliff, killing all 10 aboard.
The bus finally arrived.
The bus finally came to a stop.
The bus finally slowed down.
The bus flipped over and passengers were trapped inside the bus for three hours.
The bus goes from here to the garage.
The bus goes into town once a day.
The bus goes to the house.
The bus got stuck in a five-mile-long tailback.
The bus had already left by the time my wife was finished dressing.
The bus had already left when I got to the bus stop.
The bus had already left when I reached the stop.
The bus had already left when we got to the bus stop.
The bus had left by the time my wife finished dressing.
The bus had no company markings.
The bus has a delay of ten minutes.
The bus has a low speed.
The bus has a seating capacity of 50.
The bus has a ten-minute delay.
The bus has already gone.
The bus has already left.
The bus has arrived.
The bus has been delayed.
The bus has broken down.
The bus has just gone.
The bus has just left.
The bus has just pulled out.
The bus has left.
The bus has not passed yet.
The bus has seats.
The bus hasn't arrived yet.
The bus hasn't come yet.
The bus hasn't yet arrived.
The bus hasn’t come yet.
The bus into town runs once a day.
The bus is air-conditioned.
The bus is always crowded.
The bus is at the bus station.
The bus is behind time.
The bus is booked in advance.
The bus is broken!
The bus is capable of carrying thirty people.
The bus is clean.
The bus is coming just as he reaches the bus stop.
The bus is coming.
The bus is delayed by ten minutes.
The bus is dirty.
The bus is due here any time now.
The bus is early.
The bus is empty, but he sits beside me anyways.
The bus is empty.
The bus is falling behind schedule.
The bus is full of passengers.
The bus is full, but nobody sits beside me.
The bus is full.
The bus is full. You'll have to wait for the next one.
The bus is full. You’ll have to wait for the next one.
The bus is half empty.
The bus is here.
The bus is just leaving the station.
The bus is late again.
The bus is late.
The bus is long.
The bus is moving.
The bus is packed.
The bus is pretty empty.
The bus is quick.
The bus is running about ten minutes late.
The bus is running late.
The bus is running ten minutes late.
The bus is slow.
The bus is still half empty.
The bus is still half full.
The bus is usually late when it rains.
The bus is very crowded this morning.
The bus isn't air-conditioned.
The bus isn't new but old.
The bus jolted over the rough road.
The bus just had to be delayed when I'm in a hurry.
The bus just left.
The bus leaves every 10 minutes.
The bus leaves every fifteen minutes.
The bus leaves every ten minutes.
The bus leaves every thirty minutes.
The bus leaves in about two minutes.
The bus leaves in five minutes.
The bus leaves the stop pretty soon.
The bus left early.
The bus left five minutes ahead of time.
The bus left the stop.
The bus may be late.
The bus nearly ran Tom over.
The bus nearly ran over him.
The bus needs a lot of petrol.
The bus never came.
The bus now arriving is going to Domestic Terminal 1. Passengers for the International Terminal, please wait. The shuttle bus to the International Terminal also leaves from this stop.
The bus now arriving is going to the International Terminal via Domestic Terminal 1.
The bus passed five minutes ago.
The bus passes by at seven.
The bus picked up the speed gradually.
The bus ran on the long and winding road.
The bus ran over him.
The bus rattled as it drove along the bumpy road.
The bus ride costs time.
The bus ride has ended.
The bus ride made her feel so sick that she began to vomit.
The bus ride was three hours.
The bus rocked heavily up and down.
The bus runs between the school and the station.
The bus seats fifty people.
The bus seats fifty.
The bus service in this area is very good.
The bus service is not good between nine and ten.
The bus service is surprisingly decent, though a reduced service operates during winter.
The bus service won't be available until the snow has melted.
The bus service won’t be available until the snow has melted.
The bus should arrive shortly.
The bus should arrive soon.
The bus should be arriving soon.
The bus should be coming soon.
The bus should be here by now.
The bus should be here in thirty minutes.
The bus should be here soon.
The bus slowed to a stop.
The bus speeds down the long and winding road.
The bus station is that way.
The bus still hasn't arrived.
The bus stop is a five-minute walk from here.
The bus stop is across the street.
The bus stop is at the corner of this street.
The bus stop is at the same place as before.
The bus stop is close by.
The bus stop is five minutes' walk from here.
The bus stop is five minutes’ walk from here.
The bus stop is just outside my house.
The bus stop is located right outside where I live.
The bus stop is near here.
The bus stop is near our school.
The bus stop is next to the hotel.
The bus stop is on the other side of the road, opposite the church.
The bus stop is over there.
The bus stop is quite handy.
The bus stop is taking shape.
The bus stop isn't far from here.
The bus stop isn't far from us.
The bus stopped and Tom got off.
The bus stopped and everybody got out.
The bus stopped and everyone got out.
The bus stopped and passengers poured out.
The bus stopped and we got on.
The bus stopped in every village.
The bus stopped in front of the house.
The bus stopped near the bridge.
The bus stopped sharply.
The bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street.
The bus stopped suddenly.
The bus stopped to pick up passengers.
The bus stopped to take on passengers.
The bus stopped to take up passengers.
The bus stopped, and several passengers got off.
The bus stopped, but no one got out.
The bus stopped, but nobody got off.
The bus stopped.
The bus stops at Hotel Iceland.
The bus stops at HÃ³tel Ãsland.
The bus stops at Hótel Ísland.
The bus stops at the next corner.
The bus stops before my house.
The bus stops close to the library.
The bus stops here.
The bus stops in every village.
The bus stops in front of my house.
The bus stops near the library.
The bus stops outside my house.
The bus stops right in front of my house.
The bus strike makes it hard to get to work.
The bus swerved out of control.
The bus takes about 45 minutes.
The bus takes fifty people.
The bus takes two hours to get there.
The bus takes you downtown.
The bus that I was supposed to take had already left by the time I got to the bus stop.
The bus that Tom is on should be here soon.
The bus that Tom was on was involved in an accident.
The bus to the airport leaves from in front of the hotel every hour on the hour.
The bus took too long.
The bus took too much.
The bus transports passengers from the hotel to the airport.
The bus travelled slowly.
The bus turned around again.
The bus turned around the corner.
The bus turned the corner and stopped.
The bus uses a lot of petrol.
The bus was about to leave.
The bus was about to start.
The bus was across the street.
The bus was air-conditioned.
The bus was almost completely empty.
The bus was almost empty.
The bus was already in motion when he tried to board it.
The bus was as draughty as anything.
The bus was awfully crowded.
The bus was behind schedule.
The bus was coming.
The bus was completely empty.
The bus was completely full.
The bus was crowded.
The bus was decorated all over.
The bus was delayed an hour by the accident.
The bus was delayed for ten minutes.
The bus was delayed.
The bus was driven by Tom.
The bus was driving extremely slowly.
The bus was early.
The bus was empty except for one elderly woman.
The bus was empty.
The bus was filled to capacity.
The bus was full of young children.
The bus was full.
The bus was heading north.
The bus was hot and crowded.
The bus was late because of the traffic jam.
The bus was late by ten minutes.
The bus was late today.
The bus was late.
The bus was leaving the parking lot.
The bus was nearby.
The bus was overcrowded. I should have got a taxi.
The bus was packed.
The bus was painfully slow.
The bus was practically empty.
The bus was pretty empty.
The bus was really crowded.
The bus was so crowded that I was kept standing all the way to the station.
The bus was still sitting at the stop.
The bus was stopped to be checked.
The bus was ten minutes late.
The bus was too late.
The bus was totally full.
The bus was two minutes early.
The bus was very crowded.
The bus was very crowded. I wish I had taken a taxi.
The bus wasn't air-conditioned.
The bus we're going to take is over there.
The bus went by without stopping.
The bus went over the cliff.
The bus went past the bus stop.
The bus will arrive at the station in fifteen minutes.
The bus will arrive in about thirteen minutes.
The bus will arrive shortly. Please wait a bit.
The bus will arrive within ten minutes.
The bus will be arriving soon.
The bus will be here in a few minutes.
The bus will be here in about thirty minutes.
The bus will be here in five minutes.
The bus will be here in three minutes.
The bus will be here shortly. Please wait a bit.
The bus will be here soon.
The bus will be leaving in three minutes.
The bus will be leaving pretty soon.
The bus will be leaving soon.
The bus will come soon.
The bus will drop you off at the top of Avalon Avenue, from where you walk downhill, following the road round as it bends right and joins Gawain Road.
The bus will have started before we get there.
The bus will leave in a few minutes.
The bus will leave in five minutes.
The bus will leave.
The bus will pick Dmitri up in the morning.
The bus will take time.
The bus will take you downtown.
The bus will take you to the center of the city.
The bus will take you to the city center.
The bus you want doesn't stop here.
The buses are all full.
The buses are leaving.
The buses are running late today.
The buses are usually late when it rains.
The buses aren't running on schedule.
The buses go every fifteen minutes.
The buses in Montgomery were segregated.
The buses leave every fifteen minutes.
The buses left one after another.
The buses ran back and forth almost empty.
The buses run at ten-minute intervals.
The buses run every fifteen minutes.
The buses run every ten minutes here.
The buses run every ten minutes.
The buses run every thirty minutes.
The buses run until midnight.
The buses stop circulating long before midnight.
The buses won't run on Christmas Eve.
The bush grew thicker.
The bush is burning.
The bush is known in villages from west to southern Africa. It produces yellow-orange fruits that are said to be similar in taste to apricots but smell like pineapples. The fruit is high in calories and in vitamin C, iron and potassium.
The bushel of wheat shed tears of gluten.
The bushes also serve us as a screen from the prying eyes of the neighbours.
The busier Sami got, the less time he thought about God.
The busiest men find the most time.
The busiest people have the most leisure.
The business brings him in 8000 dollars a year.
The business contract ran out last month.
The business deal may tell in our favor.
The business didn't produce a profit.
The business failed.
The business has changed hands.
The business has expanded by 50% this year.
The business hasn't been paying for the last six months.
The business hasn’t been paying for the last six months.
The business is afloat again.
The business is back on an even keel.
The business is comprised of eighty employees.
The business is in good hands.
The business is in the red.
The business is open twenty-four hours a day.
The business is slow.
The business lost an estimated five million dollars on the stock market.
The business needed a quick transfusion of cash or it was going to go under.
The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread.
The business owner wants to maximize profit.
The business prospered beneath his guiding hand.
The business was a failure.
The business was operating illegally without the required licenses and permits.
The business was settled to everybody's satisfaction.
The business was so successful that he is still well off now.
The business will pay in due course.
The business will yield a fair return on the investment.
The business will yields a fair return on the investment.
The businessman appeared on television this morning.
The businessman didn't dare withdraw from the transaction.
The businessman didn’t dare withdraw from the transaction.
The businessman is thinking of receding from the contract.
The businessman is thinking of rescinding the contract.
The businessman is trying to keep his people on the go by keeping a stiff upper lip, but they are just acting like a dying duck in a thunderstorm.
The businessman stored his money in a safe.
The businessman was leading too busy a life to spend weekends with his family.
The businessman withdrew from the transaction.
The businessmen like this city.
The businessmen travel to China.
The busses are especially crowded during rush hour.
The busy bee has no time for sorrow.
The busy mother told the children to run along.
The busy road is a danger to small children.
The busy woman ignored the ringing telephone.
The butcher John shacked up with the cashier Bess.
The butcher cut up the calf's carcass.
The butcher cut up the calf’s carcass.
The butcher gave me a kilo of ham for free.
The butcher ground the meat.
The butcher hasn't been able to hear the answer.
The butcher is cutting the meat.
The butcher is weighing the meat.
The butcher knife is in the drawer.
The butcher packs the meat in paper.
The butcher shop is closed.
The butcher shop sells assorted cuts of meat.
The butcher was deboning a steer carcass.
The butcher was hacking cuts of meat from the steer carcass.
The butcher went to the beach with his nephew.
The butcher who sold me this beef is always friendly.
The butcher's knife is in the drawer.
The butcher's shop is open.
The butchers had stuck a cow's tail in the back of his pants!
The butler announced Mr. and Mrs. Smith.
The butler announced the arrival of the royal guests.
The butler brought Tom his coffee.
The butler brought me my coffee into the library.
The butler handed John the contract.
The butler opened the door.
The butler poured wine into crystal glasses.
The butler serves dinner.
The butler showed Donald to his room.
The butler tasted the water turned into wine.
The butter in the box has melted.
The butter is made from cows' milk.
The butter is melting in the pan.
The butter is on the dish.
The butter is salty.
The butter melted on the hot pancakes.
The butter on the bread is very good.
The butter shortage is over.
The butter smells good.
The butter softened in the saucer.
The butter spreads easily.
The butter tasted sour.
The butter was frozen so hard that Tom's attempt to spread it tore the bread.
The butter was so hard that it was impossible to spread it on the bread without tearing holes into it.
The butter went bad.
The butterflies appear to dance in the air, providing a feeling of lightness and freedom.
The butterflies are very beautiful.
The butterflies have taken the places of the queens of fashion and beauty of eighteen centuries ago, and the lizards sun themselves in the sacred seat of the Emperor.
The butterfly flew away.
The butterfly flew out the window.
The butterfly flew.
The butterfly fluttered gracefully from flower to flower.
The butterfly fluttered its wings.
The butterfly flutters.
The butterfly gracefully fluttered from flower to flower.
The butterfly is a light flower that flutters.
The butterfly is a winged caterpillar. The beetle covers its wings with cases. The glowworm shines at night.
The butterfly is about to take flight.
The butterfly is an insect.
The butterfly is dead.
The butterfly is on the table.
The butterfly landed on the hand.
The butterfly soared on the playful breeze, drifting through the sunshine, adorned in purples, blues and greens.
The butterfly was flying.
The butterfly's wings look like the petals of a diaphanous flower.
The butternut squash was to die for!
The button battery for my computer's timer died.
The button battery in the PC's internal timer has gone flat.
The button battery in the PC’s internal timer has gone flat.
The button came off.
The button has come off.
The button is attached to the dress.
The button on your coat is coming off.
The buttons started to come loose.
The buttplug won't come out.
The buyer backed out.
The buyer found it difficult to arrange for delivery due to distance and transportation issues.
The buyer had difficulty communicating with the seller due to language barriers.
The buyers showed no interest.
The buying and selling of peoples' personal information is becoming a big issue.
The buying and selling of peoples’ personal information is becoming a big issue.
The buzzer sounded.
The buzzer was still going off.
The buzzing bumblebee zipped around the room, causing Anna to duck and dodge to avoid a collision.
The buzzing of insects is driving me crazy!
The buzzing of the bees makes me a little nervous.
The buzzing sound of the mantis's wings only added to Anna's anxiety.
The buzzing sound was coming from inside of the shed.
The buzzing stopped.
The by-products of living things also play an important part in creating sandy beaches. Bermuda's preponderance of pleasantly pink beaches results from the perpetual decay of single-celled, shelled organisms called foraminifera.
The béchamel's lumpy. I should've sieved the flour beforehand.
The cab arrived late.
The cab driver headed off to his next ride.
The cab driver was Muslim.
The cab driver wasn't seriously injured.
The cab drove Ziri away from the mansion.
The cab is here.
The cab ride's on me.
The cab stopped in front of him.
The cab's here.
The cabbage has gone bad.
The cabbage that was this big becomes this small after being cooked.
The cabbage that was this much turns into just this little when cooked.
The cabin Gustavo built had large windows that let in plenty of natural light.
The cabin Gustavo constructed was cozy and rustic.
The cabin Gustavo owned had a charming front porch.
The cabin Gustavo owned had a cozy fireplace for chilly winter evenings.
The cabin Gustavo owned had a small garden with colorful flowers.
The cabin Gustavo rented had a barbecue grill for outdoor cooking.
The cabin Gustavo rented had a canoe for exploring the nearby lake.
The cabin Gustavo rented was located near a tranquil river.
The cabin Gustavo rented was made of logs and had a rustic charm.
The cabin Gustavo stayed in had a private dock on the lake.
The cabin Gustavo stayed in had a rustic, log staircase leading to the loft.
The cabin Gustavo stayed in was equipped with a hot tub.
The cabin Gustavo stayed in was equipped with a telescope for stargazing.
The cabin Lorenzo rented was completely secluded.
The cabin Robert built was really flimsy.
The cabin attendant is good at flattery.
The cabin burned to the ground.
The cabin crew checked if all passengers had fastened their seatbelts.
The cabin door was left open.
The cabin exploded.
The cabin had a crumbling chimney.
The cabin had a fence.
The cabin had a pot-belly stove.
The cabin had huge windows on three walls.
The cabin had no water or electricity.
The cabin has a kitchen area and a living area.
The cabin has a small living room.
The cabin has been around since the forties.
The cabin has been in the family for decades.
The cabin has been vacant for five years.
The cabin in the woods was a perfect getaway for Matthew.
The cabin looked empty.
The cabin looked incredibly cozy.
The cabin of that old trapper is not far away.
The cabin owned by Gustavo had a beautiful fireplace.
The cabin smelled musty.
The cabin smelt musty.
The cabin was absolutely silent.
The cabin was built of logs.
The cabin was completely abandoned.
The cabin was evidently abandoned.
The cabin was nothing luxurious.
The cabin was old and musty-smelling.
The cabin was small, but it was well kept.
The cabin was the home of a seriously deranged man.
The cabin was torn asunder by the storm.
The cabin was torn to pieces by the storm.
The cabin was used as slave quarters.
The cabin we stayed in didn't have electricity.
The cabin's walls were solid wood.
The cabinet asked the army to send a disaster relief mission to Okinawa.
The cabinet minister ended up submitting his resignation.
The cabinet minister wound up submitting his resignation.
The cabinet resigned.
The cabinet shook.
The cabinet, with a hinged door on the left side, can be placed more easily in the part of the room where I want to put it.
The cable broke.
The cable car wends its way up the mountain just a few meters above the treetops.
The cable has come loose.
The cable is copper.
The cable is expected to carry up to 160 terabits of bandwidth per second, about 16 million times the bandwidth of a U.S. home internet connection.
The cable is hanging from the ceiling.
The cable is laid at a depth of at least three meters.
The cable is laid badly.
The cable is made of copper.
The cable is not electrified.
The cable sleeve is made of plastic.
The cable snapped.
The cable was sticking out of the wall.
The cable, known as NordLink, allows an exchange of green energy between the two countries, allowing solar- and wind-generated electricity from Germany to flow to Norway, which will send back power generated largely from hydroelectric plants at water reservoirs.
The cables are gonna snap anytime.
The cables are red, green, and orange.
The cables were custom-made.
The cables will soon be tailor-made.
The cacao tree can be cultivated only in certain climates. It bears fruit only within the region 20° either side of the equator. Additionally, it needs good soil and sufficient water.
The cacao tree grows with moisture and heat.
The cache of old WMD was to be filled with concrete.
The cache was last indexed at 2 o'clock Greenwich Mean Time.
The cackles of hens always make me laugh.
The cactus cast long shadows.
The cactus was covered in sharp pricks that could easily pierce the skin.
The cactus was covered in stiff bristles that could pierce the skin.
The cadaver dog found Sami's body.
The cadaver dog picked up a scent.
The cadaver dog picked up on a scent in the back of Sami's car.
The cadaver dog was given the scent of Sami and he found his body shortly after.
The cadaver dogs scoured the woods.
The caddie carried his golf clubs.
The caddie trudged up the hill with the wealthy idiot's golf clubs.
The cadence is fast.
The cadres inspected our school.
The caduceus is often used as a medical symbol.
The cafe down the street is owned by my Gujarati neighbour.
The cafe down the street makes the best espressos.
The cafe has a lot of customers.
The cafe is already closed.
The cafe is cash-only.
The cafe is on the ground floor, two floors below.
The cafe is quiet. Only a few people are about.
The cafe is run by pupils.
The cafe is run by students.
The cafe isn't open yet.
The cafe nearest the school is closed at lunchtime.
The cafe nearest the school is closed at midday.
The cafe where I have an appointment is closed.
The cafeteria is in the basement.
The cafeteria is really loud.
The cafeteria was always empty.
The cafeteria was crowded.
The cafeteria was self-service.
The cafeteria was very busy.
The cafeteria's primary problem is its quality.
The cafÃ© nearer to the school is closed at lunch hours.
The café does not have cold beer.
The café has a lot of customers.
The café is closed.
The café is in a little side street.
The café is just around the corner.
The café is run by pupils.
The café is the waiting room of poetry.
The café nearer to the school is closed at lunch hours.
The café sells stingy salads for scandalous prices.
The cage door is open and the bird is gone.
The cage door is open.
The cage is empty.
The cage is open.
The cage is ready.
The cage was open.
The caged bird sings with a fearful trill, of things unknown but longed for still. And his tune is heard on the distant hill, for the caged bird sings of freedom.
The caged tiger lashed its tail.
The caiman is a very aggressive animal.
The caiman population is continuing to thrive.
The caiman snatched the duck.
The cake I ate had cherries on top.
The cake I had last night at the French restaurant was so utterly rich, sinful, and decadent that I practically died and went to heaven.
The cake I made was not eaten by you, it was eaten by your sister.
The cake Mom made was so delicious.
The cake Tom baked was delicious.
The cake collapsed in the oven.
The cake didn't rise.
The cake didn't turn out well because the flour was past its use-by date.
The cake got crushed by the jar of juice.
The cake got crushed by the pitcher of juice.
The cake had been polished off before I got home.
The cake has been eaten.
The cake has gone bad, no one's going to eat it anymore...
The cake is a lie.
The cake is about to be cut.
The cake is about to be eaten.
The cake is being eaten.
The cake is cooling on the counter.
The cake is delicious.
The cake is fresh.
The cake is in the fridge.
The cake is in the kitchen.
The cake is in the oven now and it should be ready to come out in about ten minutes.
The cake is not a lie.
The cake is ready to be decorated.
The cake is ready to come out of the oven.
The cake is ready to eat.
The cake is ready.
The cake is shaped like a tree.
The cake is so sweet.
The cake is still in the oven.
The cake is still warm.
The cake is tasty.
The cake is too sweet.
The cake isn't a lie.
The cake looks delicious.
The cake melted in my mouth.
The cake ought to be done soon.
The cake she ate didn't have cherries on top.
The cake shop is closed.
The cake should be done soon.
The cake should just about be ready to be taken out of the oven.
The cake smells good.
The cake tastes divine!
The cake tastes good.
The cake tastes sweet.
The cake that Tom baked looked delicious.
The cake that Tom baked looked really delicious.
The cake that Tom baked should taste OK.
The cake that Tom baked was delicious.
The cake that Tom made didn't taste good.
The cake turned out quite well, even though she hadn't stuck to the recipe.
The cake was alive with ants.
The cake was all eaten up before I got home.
The cake was beautifully decorated with fresh fruits.
The cake was crawling with ants.
The cake was delicious.
The cake was disguised as a full ashtray.
The cake was good.
The cake was made in a 3D food printer.
The cake was very delicious.
The cake was yummy.
The cake will be ready in seventeen minutes.
The cake will take an hour to bake.
The cakes are stale.
The cakes became an instant hit on social media.
The cakes may be sold out soon.
The cakes were still warm, and they all ate and drank.
The calamarata at Benedito's restaurant is satisfying.
The calculated deflection at the end of the beam is 2 cm.
The calculation of expenses was too optimistic.
The calculation of the budget for next year is based on the costs this year.
The calculations of expenses had been too optimistic.
The calculator I bought cannot work with imaginary numbers.
The calculator I bought does not support imaginary numbers.
The calculator died and there's no way to access the battery without breaking it. Like many things these days, it was made to be disposable.
The calculator is a wonderful invention.
The calculator on the table is mine.
The calculator showed the correct answer.
The calendar doesn't have the correct date for Thanksgiving.
The calendar featured photos of bikini-clad vixens draped over sports cars.
The calendar hangs on the wall.
The calendar has many pretty pictures.
The calendar interests her.
The calendar is hanging on the wall.
The calendar is lying on the table.
The calendar is on the table.
The calendar on the refrigerator had Tom's birthday circled.
The calendar rolled into April and spring came.
The calendar, the hours, the seven psalms, and the litany are in almost all the manuscripts.
The calf has disappeared, but there is still a cow.
The calf learns from the cow.
The calf muscle is located on the back of the lower leg.
The calf should be separated from its mother.
The calf that has just been born has trouble getting up.
The calf was born this morning.
The caliph Umar initially suggested that Kaʽb al-Aḥbār was imitating his former religion of Judaism by suggesting that a mosque be built over the Foundation Stone on the Temple Mount.
The call came from Ziri.
The call came from a burner phone.
The call came from a disposable phone.
The call came from a pay phone.
The call came from an unlisted number.
The call came from inside the building.
The call center has a high turnover.
The call dropped.
The call has come through.
The call is free of charge.
The call is untraceable.
The call of Islam is the call of morality.
The call rang five times then went to voice mail.
The call to prayer can be heard.
The call to the police was made from William's phone.
The call was traceable to an address in south Detroit.
The call went straight to voicemail.
The caller didn't identify herself.
The caller hung up without saying anything.
The caller hung up.
The caller is Gunter.
The caller refused to give us her name.
The caller refused to give us his name.
The callow recruits wished they were home.
The calls for help of a boat full of refugees were ignored as a multimillion dollar search was launched for four rich guys who wanted to take selfies at the Titanic shipwreck.
The callup began.
The calm didn't last for long.
The calm follows the storm.
The calm surface reflected her features like a mirror.
The calm that comes after the storm.
The calm waters of Willoughby Bay reflected the early afternoon sunlight in a thousand silver streaks.
The calorie is an exact measure of the energy in food.
The calves and the colts were like children to him.
The calves of the Romans are beautiful.
The calzone at Benedito's restaurant is filling.
The calzone is a pizza-like turnover, filled with tomatoes and cheese, whose name comes from an Italian word for "pants."
The camel can go a long time without water and food.
The camel continued to flee.
The camel doesn't notice its hump.
The camel doesn't realize its hump.
The camel is the ship of the Sahara.
The camel is the ship of the desert.
The camel is, so to speak, the ship of the desert.
The camel marches while the dogs bark.
The camel reached the stream.
The camel sees not its own hump but that of its fellow.
The camel stayed calm.
The camel suffered serious injuries.
The camel was introduced to the Sahara by man.
The camels always give a friendly smile to the children.
The camels are looked after by a group of Tuaregs.
The camels are ruminants.
The camels are the only wealth these Tuareg possess.
The camels came from Tamanrasset loaded with dates.
The camels help us feed ourselves and meet all our needs.
The camels should be well fed.
The camels were peacefully grazing in the pasture.
The camera came in for a closeup.
The camera drone I ordered from China got stuck in customs.
The camera has a split-second shutter time lag of just 0.05 s.
The camera has been borrowed by someone else.
The camera is Tom's.
The camera is gonna love her.
The camera is old.
The camera is shooting.
The camera loves you.
The camera picked something up.
The camera recorded nothing.
The camera system has been disabled.
The camera that you bought is better than mine.
The camera turned to Ziri.
The camera was blocked by something.
The camera was covered by someone.
The camera was essential for me.
The camera was lowered into the shaft.
The camera went back online.
The camera will cost at least $500.
The camera you bought is better than mine.
The camera zoomed in for a closeup of Tom's face.
The camera zoomed in on Tom's face.
The camera zoomed in on the man who was talking on stage.
The camera's flash takes two batteries.
The cameras are fake.
The cameras picked up no sound.
The cameras weren't working at the time of the theft.
The camp always felt comfortable and safe.
The camp counselor just hated Ziri.
The camp counselor scolded Dmitri.
The camp counselors noticed that Boldi disappeared.
The camp counselors searched for Ziri.
The camp looks like a farm.
The camp provides a healthier lifestyle.
The camp was located in an area with lots of large trees.
The camp was shut down shortly after.
The camp was under the command of Lieutenant Jackson.
The campaign brought honours and promotion to many, but for me it had nothing but misfortune and disaster.
The campaign calls for cancelation of debts owed by the world's poorest countries.
The campaign ends at midnight.
The campaign ends on Monday.
The campaign for William's re-election is in full swing.
The campaign has succeeded and he has won the election.
The campaign lasted no less than eight hours.
The campaign seems to be going like a bomb.
The campaign succeeded and he won the election.
The campaign succeeded and she won the election.
The campaign to label Jeremy Corbyn an antisemite blatantly ignored Boris Johnson's own antisemitic novel.
The campaign took his breath.
The campaign was successful and she won the election.
The campaign wasn't completely successful.
The campaign, which will culminate in a final March vote, has been marked by high-profile corruption allegations, embarrassing gaffes, and salacious personal attacks, some involving the sex lives and religious practices of leading candidates.
The camper was all Yanni had left.
The campers made their own bird feeders with pinecones, peanut butter, and seeds. They hung them from trees with fishing line.
The campers sang songs around the campfire.
The campers sat around the campfire.
The campers sat around the fire.
The campers separated from each other.
The campers started fighting each other.
The campers took off in different directions.
The campers went in pairs of two.
The campers were hard up for water because their well had run dry.
The campers were quiet and peaceful.
The campers were walking in a single file line.
The campfire crackled and popped, filling the air with its warm glow.
The campfire crackled in the night.
The campfire has burned down.
The campfire is still burning.
The campfire provided a much-needed source of warmth and light for Matthew and his group.
The campfire provided not only warmth, but also a place for the campers to gather and share stories.
The campfire roared and sparks shot up into the starry sky.
The campfire served as a beacon, guiding Matthew and his friends through the dark forest.
The campfire was dying.
The campfire went off.
The campground was defunct.
The camping trip is off.
The camping trip lasted three days.
The camping trip was William's favorite vacation so far.
The camping trip was a wonderful bonding experience for the whole family.
The camping trip was fine.
The camping trip was really in tents.
The camping trip was the best part of our summer vacation.
The campsite has a trail for jogging.
The campsite is already full.
The campsite is in the middle of a large forest.
The campsite isn't accessible by road.
The campsite was near the swimming area.
The campsite was surrounded by dense forest.
The campsite was totally deserted.
The campus is beautiful.
The campus is less crowded today.
The campus is nice.
The campus officer showed up.
The campus used to be a tuberculosis ward in the 1940s.
The can is empty.
The can is pretty much full.
The can is well closed. It is difficult to open.
The can lead to fits of anger.
The can was made out of aluminium.
The can will do for an ashtray.
The canal can accommodate ships as large as 150,000 dead weight tons.
The canal connects the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.
The canal connects the Atlantic with the Pacific.
The canal cuts off in the marsh.
The canal is clogged.
The canal open up into a bay.
The canal ran north and south.
The canal, though its creation was closely tied to the military operations of Gaius Marius, has shown signs of being used beyond its initial military purpose. The stone platforms found south of the structure, as well as commercial pottery and its prolonged use, suggest that the canal was integrated into the port system of Arles, serving as a passage for goods from the Mediterranean to the interior of Gaul. In later centuries, especially during the High Roman Empire, the canal was likely part of the port system known as Fossae Marianae, a set of port facilities documented in Roman itineraries and ancient maps. Its presence was crucial in establishing the link between the city of Arles – which became a Roman colony in 46 BC – and maritime trade, which favored its economic growth and consolidated its role as an important logistical hub.
The canals of Venice can be navigated by gondola.
The canaries sang in their cage.
The canaries were singing in their cage.
The canary is a little yellow bird.
The canary is in the cage on the window ledge.
The canary is in the cage on the windowsill.
The cancer had spread to several organs.
The cancer has begun to spread to other organs.
The cancer has spread to her stomach.
The cancer has spread to multiple organs.
The cancer needed to be removed immediately.
The cancer spread to multiple organs.
The candidate I voted for lost.
The candidate became the target of growing opprobrium as his past misdeeds came to light.
The candidate delivered his usual stump speech at the rally.
The candidate did not welcome our support.
The candidate ended up peddling conspiracy theories.
The candidate handed out a great amount of money in the election.
The candidate is knowledgeable on the developments of physics but we can't hire him.
The candidate is running for mayor.
The candidate is the kind of person that we can look up to.
The candidate made a quick response to the criticism.
The candidate made perfervid promises of reform.
The candidate made wild accusations against his opponent.
The candidate mounted a slick if not substantial campaign, winning a convincing victory at the polls.
The candidate that I voted for lost.
The candidate was disappointed at the outcome of the election.
The candidate waved his hand to whomever he saw.
The candidate whom I cast a vote for was elected.
The candidate's speech whipped the crowd up into a frenzy.
The candidates are out kissing babies and pumping hands.
The candidates insulted each other with cutting barbs, name-calling and personal attacks.
The candidates thoroughly argued the point.
The candle Tom lit burned out.
The candle Tom lit has burned out.
The candle burned out, so I lit another one.
The candle burned out.
The candle burned the whole night.
The candle flickered a few times and then went out.
The candle flickered in the dark.
The candle grew shorter and shorter, until at last it went out.
The candle has gone out.
The candle is melting down.
The candle lit the room.
The candle of my life will go out soon.
The candle smells nice.
The candle suddenly went out.
The candle that Tom lit burned out.
The candle that Tom lit has burned out.
The candle was blown out by the wind.
The candle went out by itself.
The candle went out instead of having been put out.
The candle went out of itself.
The candle went out on its own.
The candle went out.
The candle's flame is flickering in the soft breeze.
The candles and mini-lights made an enchanting scene.
The candles are added from right to left, but lit from left to right on the menorah, thus always starting with the newest light.
The candles burned down to within an inch of their holders.
The candles burned out.
The candles flickered gently.
The candles illuminated the room.
The candles made the room bright.
The candles on the Christmas tree are burning.
The candles shone brightly.
The candles were flicking around.
The candles were lit.
The candles were placed at least a feat from each other.
The candles were shining brightly.
The candles will be lit at midnight.
The candle’s flame is flickering in the soft breeze.
The candy I had in my bag went mushy in the heat.
The candy is missing.
The candy she ate was delicious.
The candy store has closed.
The candy store is closed.
The candy was coated with pocket fuzz.
The cane works for training dogs, but people need instruction.
The canine teeth are between the incisors and molars.
The cannery exploded and the workers inside got trapped.
The cannibal female insect ate the male after mating.
The cannibal invited her to breakfast.
The cannibal warmed his hands over the fire.
The cannibals came after Gunter.
The cannoli at Benedito's restaurant is crispy and creamy.
The cannon went off by accident.
The cannon! They're loading the cannon! Why? Ah! They're going to shoot! Pick up speed - one, two, one, two!
The cannons opened fire, mowing down the first wave with grapeshot.
The canny entrepreneur realized that the ballistic missiles, which had once carried nuclear weapons and which the former enemies no longer needed, could easily be converted to civilian rockets for the peaceful exploration of space.
The canny one, or so I think, holds their tongue and sups their drink.
The canoe was about ten feet out in the water.
The canopied ballroom glowed with thousands of brilliant gems.
The canopy blocks the sunlight.
The canopy was so dense.
The cans of tuna fish were opened and eaten.
The cans were clinging.
The cans were mislabeled.
The canteen had not a drop of water left.
The canteen has sold out of chips.
The canteen is empty.
The canteen is full.
The canteen is underused, but always dirty and neglected.
The canteen was empty when I arrived there for lunch.
The canteen was empty.
The canteen was full of workers on their lunch break.
The canteen was full of workers.
The canteen was packed.
The canteen's out of chips.
The canvas was torn in three places.
The cap cloud above Mt. Fuji is said to be a good omen.
The cap has a blue bill.
The cap is too small for me.
The cap that my mom bought for me is too small for me.
The capable detective was assigned to investigate the cause of the tragedy.
The capacity of ecosystems to buffer the impacts of extreme events like fires, floods, and severe storms is being overwhelmed.
The capacity of the human mind for swallowing nonsense and spewing it forth in violent and repressive action has never yet been plumbed.
The capacity of this lift is ten people.
The capacity to produce novel utterances is an attribute of every natural language.
The capital and largest city of Albania is Tirana.
The capital city of Albania is called Tirana.
The capital city of Bangladesh is Dhaka.
The capital city of France is Paris.
The capital city of Norway is Oslo.
The capital city of Serbia is Belgrade.
The capital city of the Netherlands is Amsterdam.
The capital for this plan was prepared.
The capital is in the south.
The capital is under siege.
The capital isn't the biggest city in the country.
The capital market is not what it was a few years ago.
The capital of Afghanistan is Kabul, located in the eastern part of the country.
The capital of Afghanistan is Kabul.
The capital of Albania is Tirana.
The capital of Algeria is Algiers.
The capital of Algeria, Algiers, is also the country's largest city.
The capital of Algeria, Algiers, is also the nation's most populous city.
The capital of Amazonas is Manaus.
The capital of Angola is Luanda.
The capital of Argentina is Buenos Aires.
The capital of Arizona, Phoenix, is called Hoozdoh in Navajo.
The capital of Armenia is Yerevan.
The capital of Aruba is Oranjestad.
The capital of Australia is Canberra, not Melbourne.
The capital of Australia is Canberra.
The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku.
The capital of Baden-Württemberg is Stuttgart.
The capital of Bahia is Salvador.
The capital of Bahrain is Manama.
The capital of Barbados is Bridgetown.
The capital of Belarus is Minsk.
The capital of Belgium is Brussels.
The capital of Belize is Belmopan.
The capital of Benin is Porto-Novo.
The capital of Bhutan is Thimphu.
The capital of Bolivia is Sucre.
The capital of Bonaire is Kralendijk.
The capital of Botswana is Gaborone.
The capital of Brazil is Brasilia.
The capital of Bulgaria is Sofia.
The capital of Burkina Faso is Ouagadougou.
The capital of Burundi is Gitega.
The capital of Cambodia is Phnom Penh.
The capital of Cameroon is Yaoundé.
The capital of Canada is Ottawa.
The capital of Chad is N'Djamena.
The capital of Chile is Santiago.
The capital of China is Beijing.
The capital of Colombia is Bogotá.
The capital of Colombia is called Bogotá.
The capital of Costa Rica is San José.
The capital of Croatia is Zagreb.
The capital of Cuba is Havana.
The capital of Curaçao is Willemstad.
The capital of Cyprus is Nicosia.
The capital of Czechia is Prague.
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen.
The capital of Denmark is called Copenhagen.
The capital of Djibouti is Djibouti.
The capital of Dominica is Roseau.
The capital of East Timor is Dili.
The capital of Ecuador is Quito, in the mountainous province of Pichincha.
The capital of Ecuador is Quito.
The capital of Egypt is Cairo.
The capital of El Salvador is San Salvador.
The capital of Eritrea is Asmara.
The capital of Estonia is Tallinn.
The capital of Estonia is called Tallinn.
The capital of Ethiopia is Addis Ababa.
The capital of Finland is Helsinki.
The capital of Finland is called Helsinki.
The capital of France is Paris.
The capital of Gambia is Banjul.
The capital of Georgia is Tbilisi.
The capital of Germany is Berlin.
The capital of Germany is called Berlin.
The capital of Ghana is Accra.
The capital of Greece is Athens.
The capital of Guatemala is Guatemala City.
The capital of Guinea is Conakry.
The capital of Guinea-Bissau is Bissau.
The capital of Guyana is Georgetown.
The capital of Haiti is Port-au-Prince.
The capital of Himachal Pradesh, Shimla, is only 115 kilometres away from Chandigarh.
The capital of Honduras is Tegucigalpa.
The capital of Hungary is Budapest.
The capital of Hungary is called Budapest.
The capital of Iceland is Reykjavík.
The capital of India is New Delhi.
The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta.
The capital of Iran is Tehran.
The capital of Iraq is Baghdad.
The capital of Italy is Rome.
The capital of Jamaica is Kingston.
The capital of Japan is Tokyo.
The capital of Jordan is Amman.
The capital of Kazakhstan is Astana.
The capital of Kenya is Nairobi.
The capital of Kuwait is Kuwait City.
The capital of Kyrgyzstan is Bishkek.
The capital of Laconia is Sparta.
The capital of Laos is Vientiane.
The capital of Latvia is Riga.
The capital of Latvia is called Riga.
The capital of Lebanon is Beirut.
The capital of Liberia is Monrovia.
The capital of Libya is Tripoli.
The capital of Lithuania is Vilnius.
The capital of Lithuania is called Vilnius.
The capital of Malawi is Lilongwe.
The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur.
The capital of Mali is Bamako.
The capital of Malta is Valletta.
The capital of Mauritania is Nouakchott.
The capital of Mexico is Mexico City.
The capital of Mexico is the largest city in Latin America.
The capital of Moldova is Chișinău.
The capital of Mongolia is Ulan Bator.
The capital of Montenegro is Podgorica, once called Titograd.
The capital of Montenegro is Podgorica.
The capital of Morocco is Rabat.
The capital of Mozambique is Maputo.
The capital of Myanmar is Naypyidaw.
The capital of Namibia is Windhoek.
The capital of Nepal is Kathmandu.
The capital of Nicaragua is Managua.
The capital of Niger is Niamey.
The capital of Nigeria is Abuja.
The capital of Niue is Alofi.
The capital of North Korea is Pyongyang.
The capital of North Macedonia is Skopje.
The capital of Norway is Oslo.
The capital of Norway is called Oslo.
The capital of Numidia of King Massinissa is Cirta or Constantine today.
The capital of Oman is Muscat.
The capital of Pakistan is Islamabad.
The capital of Panama is Panama City.
The capital of Papua New Guinea is Port Moresby.
The capital of Paraguay is Asunción.
The capital of Peru is Lima.
The capital of Poland is Warsaw.
The capital of Portugal is Lisbon.
The capital of Puerto Rico is San Juan.
The capital of Qatar is Doha.
The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
The capital of Russia is Moscow.
The capital of Rwanda is Kigali.
The capital of Saudi Arabia is Riyadh.
The capital of Senegal is Dakar.
The capital of Serbia is Belgrade.
The capital of Sierra Leone is Freetown.
The capital of Slovakia is Bratislava.
The capital of Slovenia is Ljubljana.
The capital of Somalia is Mogadishu.
The capital of South Korea is Seoul.
The capital of South Sudan is Juba.
The capital of Spain is Madrid and the official language is Spanish.
The capital of Spain is Madrid.
The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
The capital of Sudan is Khartoum.
The capital of Suriname is Paramaribo.
The capital of Sweden is Stockholm.
The capital of Sweden is called Stockholm.
The capital of Switzerland is Bern.
The capital of Syria is Damascus.
The capital of Taiwan is Taipei.
The capital of Tajikistan is Dushanbe.
The capital of Tanzania is Dodoma.
The capital of Thailand is Bangkok.
The capital of Togo is Lomé.
The capital of Tunisia is Tunis.
The capital of Turkey is Ankara.
The capital of Turkmenistan is Ashgabat.
The capital of Uganda is Kampala.
The capital of Ukraine is Kiev.
The capital of Ukraine is Kyiv.
The capital of Uruguay is Montevideo.
The capital of Uzbekistan is Tashkent.
The capital of Venezuela is Caracas.
The capital of Vietnam is Hanoi.
The capital of Western Sahara is Laayoune.
The capital of Yemen is Sanaa.
The capital of Zambia is Lusaka.
The capital of Zimbabwe is Harare.
The capital of my country is Brasília.
The capital of my country is Paris.
The capital of the Bahamas is Nassau.
The capital of the Central African Republic is Bangui.
The capital of the Deep State is the City of London with its own government.
The capital of the Democratic Republic of the Congo is Kinshasa.
The capital of the Dominican Republic is Santo Domingo.
The capital of the Garamantes was Garama.
The capital of the Garamantes was the hub of the Sahara's ancient trading routes.
The capital of the Maldives is Malé.
The capital of the Netherlands is Amsterdam, and the seat of government is The Hague.
The capital of the Netherlands is Amsterdam.
The capital of the Philippines is Manila.
The capital of the Republic of the Congo is Brazzaville.
The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C.
The capital of the US is Washington.
The capital of the Ukraine is Kiev.
The capital of the United Arab Emirates is Abu Dhabi.
The capital of the United Kingdom is London.
The capital of the United States of America is Washington, D.C.
The capital of the state is right on the equator.
The capital was bombed again and again.
The capitalist market is incapable of making long-term investments in the energy sector.
The capitalists tend to exploit the working people.
The capsule docked with the orbiting space station early Saturday, according to the U.S. space agency, after launching Friday from the space center in Florida.
The capsule splashed down in the Indian Ocean and was successfully recovered, but a failure of the reentry guidance system subjected the biological specimens to a ballistic 20G reentry.
The capsule won't come out.
The captain appealed to the referee against the decision.
The captain assured the soldiers that the ship was safe to ride.
The captain assured us that there would be no danger.
The captain breathed new life into his tired crew.
The captain came to came everyone down.
The captain carefully recorded the day’s events in his journal, noting the wind speed and the ship’s position.
The captain changed the ship's course.
The captain commanded silence.
The captain commanded the men to march on.
The captain controls the whole ship.
The captain decided to send out a scout.
The captain drowned.
The captain exercised the new recruits with long marches.
The captain gave orders for a salute to be fired.
The captain gave the order to abandon the ship.
The captain gave the order.
The captain gives the order to go aboard.
The captain goes down with the ship.
The captain had the unsuccessful mutineers flogged.
The captain has not yet boarded the ship.
The captain hasn't boarded the ship yet.
The captain invited her for breakfast.
The captain invited them for breakfast.
The captain is a narcissist.
The captain is dead.
The captain is giving the order to board the ship.
The captain is giving the order to board.
The captain is giving the order to go aboard.
The captain is lying drunk in his cabin.
The captain is lying in his cabin, drunk.
The captain is making sail.
The captain is not yet aboard the ship.
The captain is not yet on board the ship.
The captain is one of them.
The captain is responsible for the safety of passengers.
The captain is setting sail.
The captain is the last to leave a sinking ship.
The captain is weighing anchor.
The captain lies drunk in his cabin.
The captain made sail.
The captain marveled at the coordination of their movements.
The captain of the ship decided to change course.
The captain of the ship is eating.
The captain ordered Tom to do it again.
The captain ordered his men to fire.
The captain ordered his men to gather at once.
The captain ordered the crew to immediately amass.
The captain ordered the crew to immediately assemble.
The captain payed out some rope for the sails.
The captain refused to let any more passengers on board.
The captain runs a tight ship.
The captain sank the ship.
The captain set sail.
The captain shook his head.
The captain slows the boat and fixes his gaze on the patch of water where the whale dove down.
The captain stood abaft the helm, keeping a watchful eye on the horizon.
The captain stood abaft the helm, steering the ship.
The captain suddenly went pale.
The captain told us to get off the ship.
The captain wants to see you.
The captain wants you back on the ship.
The captain was blamed for what happened.
The captain was incapable of understanding the reasons for the mutiny.
The captain was so angry he refused to give the crew shore leave.
The captain was the last person to leave the sinking ship.
The captain was the last to leave the sinking ship.
The captain was unable to understand the reasons for the mutiny.
The captain welcomed us.
The captain went to sea when he was nineteen.
The captain will go to the meteorological office to get a weather briefing.
The captain wore a tricorn hat.
The captain's not on board the ship yet.
The captain's orders were clear.
The captain's sudden decision to quit left the entire team in shock and disarray.
The captain, his whore, women and children first!
The captions are wrong.
The captions aren't right. They appear to be auto-generated.
The captivating storyline of the book completely absorbed me from the very first page.
The captive escaped in the dark of the night.
The capture of baby elephants is horribly cruel and traumatic to both the mothers, their calves and the herds that are left behind.
The capture of the prince by the king led to another war.
The capybara is the world's largest rodent.
The car I have now is much better than the one I used to have.
The car I rented from you has a problem.
The car Tom bought is blue.
The car Tom bought is red.
The car Tom bought was a lemon.
The car Tom bought yesterday is a hybrid.
The car Tom drives now is purple.
The car accelerated and overtook the lorry.
The car accelerated, overtaking the lorry.
The car accident left Yanni in a wheelchair.
The car accident took place just in front of me.
The car and seat number are written on the ticket.
The car appeared out of nowhere.
The car banged itself against a tree.
The car barely went over the speed bump.
The car battery has run down.
The car battery is dead.
The car battery is flat.
The car behaved well.
The car behind Pietro began flashing its lights.
The car behind Yanni seemed to take all the same turns that he took.
The car behind Ziri was still in close pursuit.
The car behind me suddenly turned off its lights.
The car belongs to a museum.
The car belongs to the neighbors.
The car broke after only a year's time.
The car broke down after half an hour's driving.
The car broke down after half an hour’s driving.
The car broke down and I brought it to the garage to get fixed.
The car broke down and I took it into the shop for repair.
The car broke down and I took it to the shop to get it repaired.
The car broke down five miles out of town.
The car broke down five miles outside of town.
The car broke down five miles outside town.
The car broke down in some remote village.
The car broke down just before we reached our destination.
The car broke down on the way to the airport.
The car broke down, so that we had to walk.
The car broke down, so they had to walk.
The car broke down, so we had to walk.
The car broke down.
The car brushed the fence and got scratched.
The car bumped the tree.
The car bumper absorbed some of the impact.
The car burned up in the race.
The car came from the ravine.
The car came off the carriageway in icy conditions.
The car came off the carriageway, due to icy conditions on the road.
The car came off the road in fog.
The car came to a smooth stop.
The car came to a stop.
The car came to an abrupt stop.
The car caught fire.
The car clapped along very slowly.
The car collided with a truck.
The car collided with the crash barrier.
The car comes from the right.
The car consumes a lot of fuel.
The car continued to accelerate.
The car continued to pick up speed.
The car continued to put on speed.
The car cost $5000 and did not run well at that.
The car could only turn right.
The car crash was a bad experience for her.
The car crash was a near-death experience.
The car crashed because the driver was careless.
The car crashed into the guard-rail and rolled down the hill.
The car crashed into the street light.
The car crashed into the truck.
The car crashed into the wall.
The car cut through the vast field.
The car cut to the left.
The car dealer had wound back the milometers of the cars he was selling by about 30,000 kilometres.
The car dealer had wound back the milometers of the cars he was selling by over 18,500 miles.
The car dealer tried to ensnare me in extra options.
The car didn't move.
The car didn't move. It just sat there.
The car didn't stop.
The car didn’t move.
The car didn’t stop.
The car does not drive fast.
The car doesn't run fast.
The car doesn't seem to be driving as smooth as earlier.
The car doesn't start.
The car doesn’t run fast.
The car door does not work.
The car door doesn't close properly.
The car door doesn’t close properly.
The car dove into the field and, after bumping along for a time, came to a halt.
The car drew in to let the truck pass.
The car drove at walking pace down the street.
The car drove away at full speed.
The car drove away.
The car drove slowly down the street.
The car engine purred softly.
The car engine roared to life as he turned the key.
The car engine roared to life.
The car engine roared.
The car exploded a few moments after the collision.
The car failing to start, we went by bus.
The car fire destroyed any possible evidence.
The car flew overhead.
The car following Mary couldn't brake in time.
The car gave a jolt.
The car goes fast.
The car got stuck in a deep snowdrift on the side of the road.
The car got stuck in the mud.
The car had a broken exhaust.
The car had a flat tire.
The car had the requisite tail fins that you would expect from that era.
The car had two broad stripes painted on the hood and the trunk.
The car has St. Petersburg license plates.
The car has a dent.
The car has a new engine.
The car has a tire underneath.
The car has been acting strangely.
The car has been kicking around the roadside for weeks.
The car has been outside, baking under the sun.
The car has broken down.
The car has changed our lives.
The car has cruise control.
The car has just been washed.
The car has obviously broken down – smoke is coming from the engine.
The car has parking sensors.
The car has three rows of seats and is capable of carrying eight passengers.
The car having been stolen, there was nothing for it but to walk.
The car he bought is black.
The car he was riding crashed into a train.
The car he's driving is not his.
The car headlights cut through the fog.
The car he’s driving is not his.
The car hit Tom.
The car hit a telephone pole.
The car hit a tree.
The car hit a wall.
The car hit me head-on.
The car hit the crash barrier.
The car hit the ewe.
The car hit the fence and turned over.
The car hit the wall at 90 miles per hour.
The car holds five people.
The car holds the road well.
The car honked.
The car in front of us was swerving all over the road.
The car industry employs a lot of workers.
The car is Brian’s.
The car is acting up again.
The car is all packed and we're ready to go.
The car is all packed and we're ready to leave.
The car is almost out of gas.
The car is almost out of petrol.
The car is at the entrance.
The car is at your service.
The car is bad.
The car is big.
The car is black.
The car is blue.
The car is broken down. We can't go on.
The car is broken. We must go to the garage.
The car is brown.
The car is burning oil.
The car is completely written off.
The car is dark blue.
The car is dented.
The car is dirty.
The car is driving quickly.
The car is easy for me to drive.
The car is electric, so it makes no noise and needs no gas.
The car is equipped with digitally controlled air conditioning.
The car is equipped with numerous optional accessories.
The car is exceeding the speed limit.
The car is expensive.
The car is fast.
The car is gone.
The car is good.
The car is green.
The car is grey.
The car is his.
The car is in front of the garage.
The car is in the garage.
The car is in the street.
The car is in the way. Please move it.
The car is kept in a garage, under cover and locked.
The car is making a lot of strange noises.
The car is moving fast.
The car is not available today.
The car is not illegally parked.
The car is not turning.
The car is old but good.
The car is old but in good condition.
The car is old, but it is good.
The car is old, but it's a good one.
The car is old, but it's good.
The car is on fire!
The car is on the bridge.
The car is on the street.
The car is orange.
The car is out of order.
The car is outside.
The car is packed and we're ready to leave.
The car is parked in Zone E, space 97. That's out the main door, to the right and down at the end of the terminal building.
The car is parked in front of the building.
The car is parked on the sidewalk.
The car is powered by electricity.
The car is ready now.
The car is ready.
The car is red.
The car is reversing to let the lorry go by.
The car is running fast.
The car is running.
The car is safe to go under.
The car is salvageable.
The car is screeching.
The car is silver.
The car is slow.
The car is small.
The car is so old that it has a turning semaphore.
The car is still in good condition.
The car is stinking. Have you been sleeping in it?
The car is stuck in the snow.
The car is too expensive for me to buy.
The car is turning left.
The car is turning right.
The car is very fast.
The car is waiting at the entrance.
The car is waiting at the gate.
The car is waiting in front of the gate.
The car is waiting in front of the iron gate.
The car is waiting outside the door.
The car is waiting outside the gate.
The car is waxed and shining.
The car is waxed and shiny.
The car is waxed every other day.
The car is white.
The car is yellow.
The car isn't clean but dirty.
The car isn't illegally parked.
The car isn't orange, it's khaki-coloured.
The car isn't worth repairing.
The car isn’t worth repairing.
The car jack was on the table.
The car jumped a red light.
The car just shaved the corner.
The car keeps backfiring.
The car kept slowing down.
The car kept swerving from lane to lane.
The car key broke.
The car key was in the glovebox.
The car keys are hanging on a hook beside the front door.
The car labored up the hill.
The car left a cloud of dust behind it.
The car left a trail of dust.
The car left behind black tire marks on the pavement.
The car left behind black tire tracks.
The car left the road in fog.
The car looked as good as new.
The car looked good as new.
The car lurched to the side.
The car made a dust cloud.
The car made a left turn.
The car made a right turn over there.
The car made a sharp turn.
The car made a turn to the left.
The car made a weird noise when turning left.
The car made an abrupt turn.
The car mounted the kerb.
The car moved forward.
The car moved slowly forward.
The car moved very slowly.
The car my grandfather gave me only got ten miles per gallon.
The car my grandfather gave me only got ten miles to the gallon.
The car needed a jump. It didn't start.
The car needs a service.
The car of the future doesn't need a driver.
The car outside was still there.
The car over there is mine.
The car overtook me.
The car park behind the school is almost empty.
The car park in front of the bank was full.
The car park is completely free of charge.
The car park is empty.
The car park is very well lit.
The car parked in front of Tom's house was blue.
The car parked in front of my house is Tom's.
The car parked in front of your house is Tom's.
The car passed by, raising a cloud of dust behind it.
The car passed through a gate.
The car proved to be a slave, so I will not be a master.
The car pulled into the kerb.
The car pulled into traffic.
The car pulled up in front of the bank.
The car pulled up in front of the house.
The car pulled up to Claudio.
The car put on a burst of speed and passed the truck.
The car quickly drove away.
The car raced past the farm.
The car raised a cloud of dust.
The car ran along the shore.
The car ran at 40 miles an hour.
The car ran down the hill.
The car ran down the policeman.
The car ran into a guardrail.
The car ran into a tree.
The car ran off the road in the mist.
The car ran out of gas before reaching the city.
The car ran out of gas.
The car ran over somebody.
The car ran over the doll and smashed it into pieces.
The car really comes in handy for us.
The car rental agency offered a veriety of vehicles to choose from.
The car rental agency provided excellent customer service.
The car replaced the bicycle.
The car reverses to let the lorry pass.
The car roared to life.
The car runs on diesel.
The car runs on electricity.
The car runs on petrol.
The car screeched to a halt just in time.
The car screeched to a stop when Tom jammed on the brakes.
The car screeched to a stop.
The car seatbelt is for the protection of the passengers.
The car skidded due to the high speed.
The car skidded off the road.
The car skidded on the ice.
The car skidded to a stop.
The car slid on the ice and crashed into the wall.
The car slides backwards through the snow.
The car slipped on black ice and struck a power pole.
The car slowed and pulled in, bumping on to the kerb and coming to a stop outside the newsagent's.
The car slowed down.
The car slowly gathered speed.
The car slowly moved over.
The car sold for $12,469.
The car sped by with black smoke.
The car sped downhill.
The car sped into the corn field.
The car splattered dirty water on my pants.
The car stalled because you didn't step on the clutch.
The car stalled because you didn’t step on the clutch.
The car started tailing Ziri's.
The car started to pick up speed.
The car started.
The car stereo doesn't work.
The car stopped at the light.
The car stopped completely immobile.
The car stopped in front of the house.
The car stopped in the middle of the road.
The car stopped like it just died.
The car stopped right in front of them.
The car stopped suddenly without warning.
The car stopped to let her get in.
The car stopped, and Tom got out.
The car stopped.
The car swerved all over the road.
The car swirved at Ziri.
The car that I bought hasn't been delivered to me yet.
The car that I bought was delivered to me this morning.
The car that I have now is much better than the one I used to have.
The car that I have now is much better than the one that I used to have.
The car that Tom bought is blue.
The car that Tom bought was a lemon.
The car that was parked in front of Tom's house was blue.
The car that's in front of me is Karam's.
The car that’s in front of me is Karam’s.
The car the actor drove was a white car.
The car they bought is imported.
The car threw up a cloud of dust.
The car tires were old so the tread was worn down and useless.
The car traveled quickly.
The car tried to knock Edmundo’s van off the road.
The car turned abruptly.
The car turned around again.
The car turned into a gas station.
The car turned left.
The car turned over and burst into flames.
The car turned right when it reached the corner.
The car turned right without indicating.
The car turned right.
The car turned to the left.
The car tyre was punctured by a nail.
The car vanished from Ziri's view.
The car veered from its course.
The car veered out of control and ploughed into a group of people at a bus stop.
The car was a rusty wreck.
The car was a write-off.
The car was abandoned.
The car was adorned with tacky decals.
The car was behind Paul.
The car was carrying 4 people when it had the accident.
The car was carrying four people when the accident occurred.
The car was completely wrecked after the collision.
The car was destroyed in the accident.
The car was enveloped in a cloud of exhaust fumes.
The car was flashing its lights.
The car was full of Tatars.
The car was going at a high speed.
The car was going forward.
The car was going very fast.
The car was grooming her kittens in the basement.
The car was in park.
The car was in the middle of the road.
The car was occupied by four men.
The car was parked in front of the building.
The car was parked on the pavement, meaning pedestrians had to walk round it on the grass.
The car was parked on the pavement, meaning that pedestrians had to walk on the lawn to go round it.
The car was pulling a trailer.
The car was recalled because of a faulty air bag.
The car was registered to Tom.
The car was rotating counterclockwise (when viewed from above) until it faced to the right.
The car was so big it blocked the road.
The car was stolen.
The car was straddling the tracks when it was struck by a train.
The car was stuck in the mud.
The car was totaled, because the driver was not paying attention.
The car was totaled.
The car was turned into scrap.
The car was unloaded before evening.
The car was unlocked.
The car was wrecked.
The car wasn't making that noise before.
The car wasn't parked where Tom told me it was.
The car wasn't washed by Tom.
The car weighs a ton.
The car went and broke down.
The car went around the corner on two wheels.
The car went forward slowly.
The car went into a skid on the ice.
The car went off the road due to snowfall covering the lane.
The car went off the road in fog.
The car went out of control and pitched headlong into the river.
The car went through a red light.
The car went up the slope with great difficulty.
The car will be bought.
The car will fit into the parking place.
The car won't move.
The car won't start because the battery has run down.
The car won't start.
The car won't start. Will you help me push the car?
The car won't turn over.
The car won’t start because the battery has run down.
The car would have been repaired by me.
The car would not shift into third gear.
The car wouldn't start, so I rode my bike to work.
The car wouldn't start.
The car wouldn’t start.
The car you saw a while ago is my boss'.
The car you sold me is too big for us. Can I sell it back to you?
The car's a rental.
The car's aerial is built into the windscreen.
The car's almost out of gas.
The car's antenna is built into the windshield.
The car's brakes were cut.
The car's broken down. We can't go on.
The car's broken down. We must go to the auto shop.
The car's design is adaptive.
The car's engine broke down on the way.
The car's engine is tractable.
The car's engine packed up on the way.
The car's exhaust emitted thick plumes of black smoke.
The car's left-turn signal was broken.
The car's not orange, it's khaki-coloured.
The car's outside.
The car's packed and ready to go.
The car's parked opposite that building.
The car's price is very high.
The car's tank is full.
The car's tires left behind black marks on the pavement.
The car's tires left behind black marks.
The car's tires left behind black tire tracks.
The car's tires left black marks.
The car's tires left black skid marks on the road.
The car's tires left black streaks.
The car's tires screeched black smoke.
The car's tires screeched, leaving behind black skid marks.
The car's tires screeched, leaving black marks behind.
The car's tires screeched, leaving black marks.
The car's tires squealed, leaving behind dark tire marks.
The car's tires were caked with dried mud.
The car's windshield was smashed to pieces.
The car, however, was not damaged.
The car-sized Curiosity rover landed in 2012.
The car-sized Perseverance rover will deploy a mini helicopter named Ingenuity and test equipment for future human missions to the planet.
The carburetor wasn't the problem. You needed a new fuel pump.
The carcass of the gazelle has become a-dry and flattened.
The card didn't go through so he couldn't buy it.
The card expires in January of 2006.
The card was signed "From a man who finds you attractive."
The card was valid until January, 2006.
The card you drew was a red, wasn't it?
The card you drew was a red, wasn’t it?
The cardboard boxes are fragile.
The cardinal directions are: north, south, east, and west.
The cardinal is the state bird of Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, North Carolina, Ohio, Virginia, and West Virginia.
The cardinals elect the Pope.
The cardinals have elected a new pope.
The cardiography courses I took in Munich have been really useful with my patients.
The cards are laid on the table.
The cards are on the table.
The cards are stacked against us.
The cards were given a good shuffle before being dealt.
The care assistant took hold of the sick woman and supported her.
The career soldier commits to long-term service, with ongoing training and opportunities for advancement.
The careful use of evocative imagery is an important part of building a successful advertising campaign.
The carefully staged event was meant to whet the appetites of the Japanese public for American beef.
The careless IT manager died by getting run over with his own Porsche.
The carer is very nice and polite.
The carer took hold of the sick woman and supported her.
The caretaker has passed away.
The caretaker's office is in the mezzanine.
The cargo Endeavour brings to the space station includes a new kitchen, bathroom, water recycler and sleeping quarters. Once in place, the living quarters and support systems will allow the crew size to double from three to six full-time residents by May.
The cargo craft will carry more than four tons of supplies, water, spare parts and experiment hardware for the station crew, including six new lithium-ion batteries needed to complete an overall update of the station’s electrical system.
The cargo ship arrived four hours early.
The cargo spacecraft exploded a few seconds after launch.
The cargo was stopped at customs.
The cargo was too heavy. The driver couldn't take it.
The carhop skated up to the car.
The caricatures that are sold in Montmartre are of good quality.
The caricaturist simply reflected the opinion of his countrymen in insinuating that the Yankees had some understanding or sympathy with Bonaparte; but in this they were mistaken.
The carjacker ran away when he saw the dog baring its teeth.
The carnie couldn't guess Tom's age.
The carnival finished with the traditional sardine burial and the city returned to its normal peace and quiet.
The carnival of Venice is one of the world's oldest and best-known.
The carob is a fruit very answered in Kabylie.
The carol singers are coming today.
The carp jumped out of the water.
The carp's longevity is unmolested by the turmoil of the millipede.
The carpenter brought his tools along.
The carpenter drove long spikes into the timber to secure the frame.
The carpenter gripped the mallet firmly.
The carpenter is measuring the floor.
The carpenter used a saw to cut the wood into the desired size.
The carpenter was feuding with the baker across the street and the cobbler next door.
The carpet clashes with the drapes.
The carpet in my bedroom is green.
The carpet is worn.
The carpet muffled the sound of my feet.
The carpet was full of cat hairs.
The carpet was worn out and had to be replaced.
The carps and the goldfish are happily swimming in the pond.
The carps and the goldfish happily swim in the pond.
The carp’s longevity is unmolested by the turmoil of the millipede.
The carriage door opens and closes automatically.
The carriage of bicycles is permitted.
The carriage paused at a fine residence with just a nameplate on the door.
The carriage rolled on, and the peasants resumed their dancing.
The carriage was empty.
The carriageway was reduced to one lane.
The carrot and the stick are well known motivational tools.
The carrot is good for soup.
The carrot is orange.
The carrots are ready to be harvested.
The carrots are ready to harvest.
The carrots cost three dollars.
The cars are cheap.
The cars are driving through the tunnel.
The cars are going through the tunnel.
The cars are parked bumper to bumper.
The cars are travelling through the tunnel.
The cars belonged to our teachers.
The cars collided head on.
The cars come in through the basement.
The cars crashed into each other.
The cars go through the tunnel.
The cars in this country are truly enormous!
The cars must make room.
The cars pulled over to let the ambulance pass.
The cars sped off.
The cars there are cheap.
The cars were all repainted.
The cars were confiscated.
The cars were crawling along at a snail's pace.
The cars were sold dirt-cheap.
The cars whose wheels are dirty need to be washed.
The cart was in the shed.
The cartels took over the town.
The cartilage has slipped out here.
The cartography department is responsible for creating detailed maps of the region.
The carton is in the storeroom.
The cartoon is safe because it only shows cartoons.
The cartridges are easy to refill.
The carts were being loaded.
The carver crafted a beautiful wooden statue.
The carver sculpted an ice sculpture for the festival.
The car’s antenna is built into the windshield.
The car’s gear lever was broken - it was almost impossible to get it into first gear.
The car’s left-turn signal was broken.
The car’s tires were caked with dried mud.
The case came to a close.
The case clicked shut.
The case created a great stir in the hospital, and one doctor who saw it remarked, ‘So that is true cowpox!’
The case got dismissed.
The case has been closed.
The case has been settled.
The case has caused widespread unease across the city and many posted comments on social media voicing their fears.
The case hasn't been solved.
The case history of a patient is information gathered by a clinician by asking specific questions of the patient to formulate a diagnosis and provide medical care.
The case ignited controversy in Ireland.
The case is being investigated.
The case is being reviewed.
The case is closed.
The case is complex.
The case is going great.
The case is made out of plastic.
The case is not a rational case.
The case is notable because student debt is commonly thought to be unforgivable in bankruptcy cases, a lament of many students who leave college saying they are too financially burdened to advance the milestones of adulthood, like buying property or having children.
The case is remanded to the lower court.
The case is still under investigation.
The case is well underway.
The case made national news when a defense expert said that his wealthy parents treated him too softly, which ingrained a sense of irresponsibility, or what he termed “affluenza.”
The case might be a homicide.
The case might have been dealt leniently with, but the laws were more harshly administered thirty years ago than now, and on my twenty-third birthday I found myself chained as a felon with thirty-seven other convicts in 'tween-decks of the bark Gloria Scott, bound for Australia.
The case never made it to trial.
The case occurred during the night shift.
The case of Sami's death went as cold as a Canadian winter.
The case quickly went cold.
The case received widespread publicity.
The case seems cut and dried.
The case snapped shut.
The case stands on his testimony.
The case studies consider how non-climate factors like population growth, development, and land management interact with the problems of a warming planet. For example, along Louisiana's Gulf of Mexico coastline, wetlands play an important role in the quality of life, helping to sustain the U.S. economy and protecting people and property from the dangers of storm surges.
The case took a dangerous turn.
The case was closed.
The case was dropped.
The case was heard behind closed doors.
The case was heard in camera.
The case was referred to the media regulator.
The case was settled out of court.
The case was transferred to a military court.
The case went cold.
The case went to trial.
The case will be examined.
The case will get Fyodor a lot of publicity.
The cases were dismissed on procedural grounds before trial.
The cash machine is out of order.
The cash register came up short yesterday and they took it out of my paycheck.
The cash register cannot be opened without a purchase.
The cash register is closed.
The cash register is over there.
The cash register was empty.
The cashier asked for my bank account number.
The cashier asks, "How can I help you?"
The cashier bagged the customer's groceries.
The cashier bagged the customer’s groceries.
The cashier gave me extra money.
The cashier girl smiles at me every day.
The cashier handed Ziri's card back to him.
The cashier scanned the barcode.
The cashier smiled and told Mary to have nice day.
The cashier smiled and told Tom to have nice day.
The cashier usually double-bags the groceries, just in case one of the handles breaks.
The cashier usually doubles up the paper bags, since they rip easily.
The cashier was a very honest man.
The cashier will give you the discount.
The cashier will take the one-hundred-franc bill.
The casing of the traditional dagger is made of leather.
The casket bearing former U.S. first lady Nancy Reagan has been moved to the presidential library in California of her late husband, President Ronald Reagan, where she will lie in repose.
The cassowary is like a living dinosaur.
The cassowary is usually considered to be the world’s most dangerous bird, at least where humans are concerned, although ostriches and emus can also be dangerous.
The cast was given a standing ovation.
The cast-iron columns have not withstood the high temperatures generated by fire.
The castanets are a percussion instrument.
The casting came cleanly out of its mold.
The casting of the statue was delayed.
The castle and gardens are open to the public during the summer months.
The castle can be visited all year round.
The castle can be visited throughout the year.
The castle dates back to 1610.
The castle dates back to the 14th century.
The castle had crumbled.
The castle has a barbican.
The castle has become a much-appreciated part of the community.
The castle has been restored and is open to the public.
The castle hotel's spacious grounds blend seamlessly with the fields and pastures of the surrounding countryside to form a paradise of relaxation far from the hustle and bustle of city life.
The castle is a good distance off.
The castle is across the river.
The castle is associated with things like ghosts and ruins.
The castle is beautiful.
The castle is for sale for 10 million euros.
The castle is for sale.
The castle is haunted.
The castle is impressive.
The castle is in need of repairs.
The castle is in need of urgent repairs.
The castle is made of glass.
The castle is not easy to reach.
The castle is now in ruins.
The castle is on the other side of the river.
The castle is situated in a tract of wild, isolated country, and has not been inhabited for a long time.
The castle is situated in wild, isolated country, and has not been inhabited for a long time.
The castle is slap bang in the centre of the city.
The castle is still standing today.
The castle is surrounded by a beautiful garden.
The castle is surrounded by a beautiful park.
The castle is surrounded by a moat.
The castle is surrounded by trees.
The castle is under siege.
The castle is wooden.
The castle is worth visiting.
The castle lies to the east of the town.
The castle looked abandoned.
The castle might be haunted.
The castle museum can be visited between 12 noon and 8 p.m. every day except Monday.
The castle overlooks the city.
The castle shone in the rising sun as if it were on fire.
The castle stands facing a beautiful lake.
The castle stands three miles north of the town.
The castle was built in the early sixteenth century.
The castle was burned to ashes.
The castle was burnt to ashes.
The castle was constructed in the 17th century.
The castle was destroyed in 1485, and never rebuilt.
The castle was in dire need of major repairs.
The castle was in disrepair.
The castle was perched atop the hill.
The castle was transformed into a marvelous museum.
The castle's guards were armed with bows and arrows.
The castle's walls are very thick.
The castle, burnt down in 1485, was not rebuilt.
The castle, it is open today?
The cat Chivchi showed off her kittens.
The cat acts like he's starving, when he's got a bowl full of dry food!
The cat always scatters my stuff around the room.
The cat and dog are curled up together by the fireplace.
The cat and the dog are playing with each other.
The cat and the dog are playing.
The cat and the mouse fight with each other every day.
The cat and the mouse have always been enemies.
The cat arched his back and hissed.
The cat arched its back and stretched itself.
The cat arched its back.
The cat asked for the Sunday funnies and the dog the crossword section.
The cat ate meat.
The cat ate my meal.
The cat ate the mouse.
The cat ate the rat.
The cat ate the severed fish head.
The cat ate.
The cat backed away and snorted.
The cat began to behave strangely.
The cat began to chase the mouse.
The cat began to tear at the mouse it caught.
The cat bristled up.
The cat broke the vase that was on the windowsill.
The cat burglar must have entered the mansion from the roof.
The cat burglar must've entered the mansion from the roof.
The cat buried its poop.
The cat came in through the open window.
The cat came in through the porch door.
The cat came in through the window.
The cat came near being run over by a truck.
The cat came to cuddle.
The cat came to say hi.
The cat can't do that.
The cat catches mice.
The cat caught a mouse.
The cat caught me by surprise!
The cat caught the bird.
The cat caught the mouse.
The cat caught the rat.
The cat caught the rats.
The cat chased a squirrel.
The cat chased the laser.
The cat chased the mouse until the mouse darted into a gap.
The cat chased the mouse, but couldn't catch it.
The cat chased the mouse, but couldn’t catch it.
The cat chased the mouse, but it couldn't catch it.
The cat chased the mouse.
The cat chases a mouse.
The cat chases the squirrel.
The cat churns while I milk.
The cat clawed its owner.
The cat climbed lightly over the wall.
The cat climbed onto the bench where he usually sat.
The cat climbed the walnut tree.
The cat climbed up the roof of my house by himself.
The cat climbed up the tree.
The cat closed his eyes and started to purr.
The cat closes her eyes as she drinks milk, but the world can see her nonetheless.
The cat clung to Ziri.
The cat clung to her dress.
The cat comes from Wallisellen.
The cat communicates with her kittens by purring.
The cat complained.
The cat continued to mew.
The cat continued to stay in front of the owner's house.
The cat coughed up a hairball.
The cat couldn't care less about the mouse's opinion.
The cat couldn’t care less about the mouse’s opinion.
The cat covered its poop.
The cat crapped on my bed.
The cat crept toward the bird.
The cat crept under the hedge.
The cat cries 'miaow'.
The cat crossed the road.
The cat crossed the street.
The cat crouched down ready to jump.
The cat curled up by the fireplace, purring contentedly.
The cat curled up in front of the fire.
The cat curled up on the bed.
The cat curled up on the black couch.
The cat curled up on the soft rabbit fur.
The cat did not have evil intentions.
The cat didn't move a muscle.
The cat didn’t move a muscle.
The cat disappears when it sees the dog.
The cat does not see the dog.
The cat doesn't like being picked up and held like a baby.
The cat doesn't like the dog.
The cat doesn't look happy to see us.
The cat doesn't seem to like the smell of that at all.
The cat doesn't stop meowing.
The cat drank her milk.
The cat drank his milk.
The cat drank milk.
The cat drank my milk.
The cat drinks milk.
The cat drinks.
The cat dug its claws into my hand.
The cat easily killed the mouse.
The cat eats bread.
The cat eats mice.
The cat eats the bird.
The cat eats.
The cat escaped from being hit by the car.
The cat escaped the coyote by climbing up a tree.
The cat escaped.
The cat exited the basket.
The cat fell asleep curled up in front of the fireplace.
The cat followed the mouse.
The cat froze.
The cat glided along, very refined, but ended up falling, which was very embarrassing.
The cat goes to Wallisellen.
The cat got angry and hissed at Tom.
The cat got in a fight.
The cat got in through an open window.
The cat got locked in the closet. Can you let it out?
The cat got loose, ran into the cockpit, and jumped onto the pilot's lap.
The cat got mad and hissed at Tom.
The cat got on the sofa and started licking Ziri's hand.
The cat got through the hedge.
The cat got your tongue?
The cat had a ribbon around its neck.
The cat had hidden behind the fridge.
The cat had scarcely finished speaking when the witch returned to see if the children had fulfilled their tasks.
The cat has a lot of complaints.
The cat has already been fed.
The cat has been eaten.
The cat has been howling all night.
The cat has hidden under the bench.
The cat has jumped onto the table.
The cat has just passed by beside me.
The cat has just stuck its claw in my arm.
The cat has long hair.
The cat has many complaints.
The cat has pursued the mouse.
The cat has retractable claws.
The cat has sleek black fur.
The cat has started acting strangely.
The cat has taken to lying down in front of the toilet.
The cat has two ears.
The cat hid among the branches.
The cat hides its claws.
The cat hissed at Tom.
The cat hissed at her.
The cat hissed at him.
The cat hissed at me and arched its back.
The cat hissed at them.
The cat hopped up onto the table.
The cat hunts rats and brings us preys.
The cat immediately jumped on the mouse.
The cat in gloves catches no mice.
The cat in the box is sleeping.
The cat inside is sleeping.
The cat is a kvetch.
The cat is a wild animal that inhabits the homes of humans.
The cat is about to have breakfast.
The cat is adorable.
The cat is afraid of children.
The cat is almost five meters away from the dog.
The cat is as tall as the dog.
The cat is asleep next to me.
The cat is asleep on the rug by the fire.
The cat is asleep.
The cat is at the window.
The cat is basking in the sun.
The cat is behind the curtain.
The cat is between me and you.
The cat is big and furry.
The cat is big.
The cat is black.
The cat is brown.
The cat is catching a mouse.
The cat is chasing a mouse.
The cat is chasing after the squirrel.
The cat is chasing the mouse.
The cat is clawing Tom.
The cat is currently sleeping.
The cat is dead.
The cat is destroying this couch.
The cat is drinking your milk.
The cat is drinking.
The cat is eating a mouse.
The cat is eating his kibble quickly.
The cat is eating the mouse in the box.
The cat is eating the mouse.
The cat is eating the small mouse.
The cat is eating.
The cat is furry.
The cat is going to break the vase.
The cat is good.
The cat is happy.
The cat is here.
The cat is hidden under the table.
The cat is hiding its claws.
The cat is hiding under the couch.
The cat is hiding.
The cat is hungry.
The cat is in its basket.
The cat is in the bag.
The cat is in the box.
The cat is in the house.
The cat is in the kitchen.
The cat is in the tree.
The cat is in the well.
The cat is in the yard, too.
The cat is inside the box.
The cat is inside.
The cat is lazy.
The cat is licking itself.
The cat is licking the candle stand out of love for the candle.
The cat is like a human.
The cat is liked by Mike.
The cat is liked.
The cat is looking at a bird.
The cat is looking at the fish.
The cat is losing its hair.
The cat is lying in wait for the mouse.
The cat is lying on me.
The cat is lying on my girlfriend's arm.
The cat is lying on the mat.
The cat is lying on the table.
The cat is lying under the table.
The cat is meowing on the roof.
The cat is meowing.
The cat is much better!
The cat is much larger than the mouse.
The cat is much larger than the rat.
The cat is near the dog.
The cat is not dead.
The cat is not human.
The cat is not mine.
The cat is now sleeping.
The cat is old.
The cat is on the chair.
The cat is on the mat.
The cat is on the roof.
The cat is on the rug.
The cat is on the table.
The cat is over there.
The cat is playing in the garden.
The cat is playing under the tree.
The cat is playing with a live mouse.
The cat is playing with a mouse.
The cat is playing with the ball.
The cat is playing with the children.
The cat is playing with the dog.
The cat is purring in my lap.
The cat is purring on the couch.
The cat is purring.
The cat is puzzled.
The cat is reading a book.
The cat is retracting its claws.
The cat is rolling over on its back.
The cat is running in the garden.
The cat is safe.
The cat is scratching at my door.
The cat is sitting on the chair and looking at the meat that's lying on the kitchen table.
The cat is sitting on the container.
The cat is sitting on the desk.
The cat is sitting on the table.
The cat is sitting on the trash can.
The cat is sitting on top of the table.
The cat is sleeping in a chair.
The cat is sleeping inside.
The cat is sleeping near the crackling fire.
The cat is sleeping now.
The cat is sleeping on the bed.
The cat is sleeping on the bench.
The cat is sleeping on the chair.
The cat is sleeping on the couch.
The cat is sleeping on the rug in front of the fireplace.
The cat is sleeping on the settee.
The cat is sleeping on the sofa.
The cat is sleeping on the table.
The cat is sleeping with the girl.
The cat is sleeping.
The cat is small.
The cat is snoring in my lap.
The cat is snoring.
The cat is so ugly!
The cat is soaking wet.
The cat is still very young.
The cat is stuck in the tree.
The cat is throwing up.
The cat is transphobic.
The cat is trying to climb the tree.
The cat is twenty days old.
The cat is twenty years old.
The cat is ugly!
The cat is under the bed.
The cat is under the car.
The cat is under the chair.
The cat is under the red table.
The cat is under the sofa.
The cat is under the table.
The cat is very beautiful.
The cat is very charismatic.
The cat is very cute.
The cat is very kind.
The cat is very sweet.
The cat is waiting for you at home.
The cat is warming my feet.
The cat is warming my foot.
The cat is watching TV with us.
The cat is watching the fish.
The cat is watching the mouse.
The cat is watching the one fish.
The cat is well out of the bag.
The cat is wet.
The cat is white.
The cat is writing a book.
The cat is, above all things, a dramatist; its life is lived in an endless romance though the drama is played out on quite another stage than our own, and we only enter into it as subordinate characters, as stage managers, or rather stage carpenters.
The cat isn't dead.
The cat isn't sleeping.
The cat jumped in surprise.
The cat jumped off the couch and hid under the table.
The cat jumped on the keyboard and accidentally deleted Tom's novel in progress.
The cat jumped on the table and quickly ate the fish.
The cat jumped on the table.
The cat jumped onto his shoulder.
The cat jumped onto the table.
The cat jumped through the window.
The cat jumped up in fright.
The cat jumped up on Mary's shoulder.
The cat jumped up on Tom's shoulder.
The cat jumped up on Tom's shoulders and draped itself across his neck.
The cat jumped up on Tom's shoulders.
The cat jumped up on her shoulder.
The cat jumped up on his shoulders.
The cat jumps off the table.
The cat jumps on top of the table.
The cat just gave him a stern look.
The cat keeps begging for food.
The cat kept her kittens calm and relaxed by purring.
The cat kept meowing.
The cat killed the bird.
The cat knocked over the tin of fish so that it could eat its contents.
The cat knocked the vase off the table.
The cat knows whose sausage it ate.
The cat laps his milk.
The cat lashed out at the dog.
The cat lay at full length on the road.
The cat lay hidden behind the bushes.
The cat lay hidden in the bushes.
The cat lazily stretched out in the sun.
The cat lazily stretched out on the windowsill.
The cat left a mouse on the doorstep.
The cat left the room.
The cat lept up and caught the bird.
The cat let out a plaintive meow.
The cat licked Tom.
The cat licked her claws.
The cat licked her leg.
The cat licked its paws.
The cat licked the turkey while it was defrosting.
The cat liked it.
The cat likes fish, but doesn't like getting its paws wet.
The cat likes fish, but it doesn't like getting its paws wet.
The cat likes mice; I don’t like them.
The cat likes playing with that blue clothes peg.
The cat likes sitting in the chair more than I do.
The cat likes sleeping.
The cat likes to play in the garden.
The cat likes to sleep beside me.
The cat likes to sleep in the bedroom.
The cat likes to sleep next to me.
The cat listened to its steps.
The cat looked at Esther and blinked slowly.
The cat looked bored.
The cat looked intensively at him with her big, round, blue eyes.
The cat looked larger than it really was.
The cat looked like a cross between a tiger and a leopard.
The cat looks at the dog.
The cat looks cared-for and well fed.
The cat looks sick.
The cat looks well cared for and well fed.
The cat loves meat.
The cat loves playing in the garden.
The cat loves to chase mice.
The cat made off with a piece of fish from the kitchen.
The cat maimed three squirrels.
The cat meant no harm.
The cat meowed all night long.
The cat meowed fearfully.
The cat meowed plaintively.
The cat meowed.
The cat meows.
The cat next door won't ever shut up with all that meowing.
The cat nuzzled against Tom.
The cat on the table is sleeping.
The cat on the tree came down to me.
The cat peeped its head out the window.
The cat played with a live mouse.
The cat played with the live mouse.
The cat played with the toy mouse.
The cat plays a game, but the mouse dies.
The cat plays by itself.
The cat plays with the mouse.
The cat pooped her to show that he owns this place.
The cat poops in the backyard to show that he owns that place.
The cat pounced on the stray gosling.
The cat prefers fish to meat.
The cat pressed its nose against the window.
The cat prevented her death.
The cat prevented the woman's death.
The cat protected her kittens.
The cat purred as he lay towards the sun.
The cat purred contentedly as it curled up in her lap.
The cat purred in Esther's lap.
The cat purred loudly.
The cat purred quietly.
The cat purred.
The cat put its nose in the pot.
The cat quietly crept up on the mouse from behind.
The cat ran after the rat.
The cat ran away into the room.
The cat ran away.
The cat ran off.
The cat ran right in front of the bus and was run over.
The cat ran under the table.
The cat ran up the tree.
The cat retracted its claws.
The cat ripped open a cushion and scattered the stuffing all over the table and hallway.
The cat rolled into a ball on the sofa.
The cat rubbed against my leg, purring softly.
The cat rubs its face against her.
The cat ruined everything.
The cat ruined my evening.
The cat ruined my sofa.
The cat runs a minimum security prison on the couch. If the dog jumps up, she bats him down.
The cat sat in the wheelbarrow.
The cat sat on the fence.
The cat sat on the mat.
The cat sat on the table.
The cat saved her life.
The cat saw a bird.
The cat saw a mouse and ran after it.
The cat saw the bird.
The cat says "meow".
The cat scared me.
The cat scared the coyote away.
The cat scratch became infected.
The cat scratch doesn't hurt.
The cat scratch got infected.
The cat scratch healed up well.
The cat scratch is still oozing blood.
The cat scratched Vladimir's face.
The cat scratched its claws against wood to sharpen them.
The cat scratched me.
The cat scratched my hand.
The cat scratches and bites Anna.
The cat scratches and bites.
The cat screamed.
The cat seemed to be mimicking the sounds of birds to lure them.
The cat seems extremely happy.
The cat seems to have caught the scent of a rat.
The cat seems to have got wind of a rat.
The cat seems to want some water.
The cat seems very happy.
The cat settled down in the sunlight by the window.
The cat shat on my bed.
The cat shelter lost all of its funding and was forced to shut down.
The cat shit on my bed.
The cat shot under the table when thunder rumbled and lightning flashed outside.
The cat sits in the garden.
The cat sleeps more than the dog.
The cat sleeps next to the couch.
The cat sleeps on my slippers.
The cat sleeps on the chair.
The cat sleeps on the couch.
The cat sleeps on the table.
The cat sleeps quietly.
The cat slept curled up in a ball.
The cat slept lazily on the couch all day long.
The cat slept on the chair.
The cat slept on the table.
The cat slept on the windowsill.
The cat slipped on the peach peel.
The cat slipped through the fence.
The cat slowly approached the mouse.
The cat smells a rat.
The cat sneaked through the fence.
The cat sneaked up on the unsuspecting bird.
The cat sniffed around.
The cat spied the mouse.
The cat sprang at the bird.
The cat sprinted through the snow.
The cat squeezes through under the fence.
The cat started to act strangely.
The cat started to scratch the carpet.
The cat stretched itself.
The cat suddenly woke up from her sleep and meowed loudly.
The cat sunned itself.
The cat tangled up all the threads.
The cat teased the dog into a fight.
The cat thanked them for the ham, and gave them a pocket-handkerchief and a comb.
The cat that couldn't reach the sausage says, "In any case it's Friday".
The cat that entered our room looked around, frightened.
The cat that you found is mine.
The cat told the puppy a bedtime story with a series of trills, describing a world of swirling odors and wonderment.
The cat took advantage of the high grass to creep on the bird.
The cat tried to bite Ziri's hand.
The cat tried to scratch Ziri's hand.
The cat tucked in his paws.
The cat unraveled the spool of thread.
The cat unravelled the reel of cotton.
The cat upset the can of fish in order to eat the contents.
The cat waited in front of the mousehole for over ten minutes.
The cat wants in.
The cat wants out.
The cat wants the window opened.
The cat wants to be let out.
The cat wants to catch the mouse.
The cat wants to go out.
The cat wants to play.
The cat warms my feet.
The cat was angry and sent out a nasty email to the family dog.
The cat was asleep.
The cat was basking in the sun.
The cat was climbing all over Svetlana.
The cat was curled up asleep.
The cat was eleven years old and no longer deigned to play with balls.
The cat was grooming her kittens to clean them.
The cat was grooming her kittens.
The cat was grooming her little kittens.
The cat was healthy again.
The cat was hiding in the bushes.
The cat was hypersalivating.
The cat was killed by coyotes.
The cat was killed by the coyotes.
The cat was killed by the dog.
The cat was licking its paws.
The cat was lying stretched out at full length in the sunlight streaming through the window.
The cat was meowing incessantly.
The cat was no longer so quick on its feet, and one day the fox gave up.
The cat was not buried alive. He survived.
The cat was not impressed.
The cat was not only alive, but had two heads on it.
The cat was not trying to be cruel.
The cat was on Ziri's lap.
The cat was on the table.
The cat was playing with a live mouse.
The cat was pretty goofy and its energy never let up for a moment.
The cat was purring.
The cat was scared by an unfamiliar noise.
The cat was sick last week.
The cat was sitting on the window and the dog was barking outside.
The cat was sleeping.
The cat was stalking the mouse.
The cat was strutting around the yard, when it suddenly ran into the house.
The cat was stuck in the tree.
The cat was touching the mouse with its paw.
The cat was trying to get back in.
The cat was unimpressed.
The cat was very angry after having been washed. As soon as it saw me it ran.
The cat watches the fish.
The cat we call Cookie is ancient for a street cat.
The cat went after my feather duster.
The cat went through a gap in the fence.
The cat went through the boards.
The cat which you found is mine.
The cat whined.
The cat will quickly drink the water.
The cat will scratch you if you provoke it.
The cat will sleep.
The cat woke up.
The cat won't stop meowing.
The cat you found is mine.
The cat's already been fed.
The cat's already out of the bag.
The cat's asleep on the fireside rug.
The cat's asleep.
The cat's behind the box.
The cat's black fur absorbed the warmth of the sun.
The cat's chatty today.
The cat's cold.
The cat's dead.
The cat's ear swiveled in the direction of the noise.
The cat's eyes are blue.
The cat's eyes gleamed in the blackness.
The cat's eyes glowed eerily in the pitch-black room.
The cat's eyes shimmered with an eerie black glow.
The cat's funeral is tomorrow.
The cat's fur appeared almost obsidian in the moonlight.
The cat's fur gleamed under the black sky.
The cat's fur shimmered with a deep ebony hue.
The cat's fur stood on end.
The cat's fur was as dark as the midnight sky.
The cat's fur was midnight black and velvety soft.
The cat's fur was midnight black.
The cat's fur was pure black.
The cat's fur was sleek and black.
The cat's fur was soft and jet black.
The cat's fur was soft and midnight black.
The cat's hiding under the table.
The cat's hungry.
The cat's in heat.
The cat's in the back.
The cat's inside.
The cat's kittens are cute.
The cat's lying next to me.
The cat's name is Madonna.
The cat's name is Mary and the dog's name is Tom.
The cat's name is Tom and the dog's name is Mary.
The cat's name is Tom.
The cat's out of the bag!
The cat's out of the bag.
The cat's purring in my lap.
The cat's purring was really loud.
The cat's sleeping on the rug in front of the fireplace.
The cat's sleeping.
The cat's still very young.
The cat's stuck in the tree.
The cat's whiskers twitched as it watched the birds.
The cat's white whiskers twitched as it stalked its prey.
The catacombs of Paris are famous, but a bit gloomy.
The catapult hurled the boulder over the castle walls.
The catastrophe also claimed victims' lives.
The catastrophe also claimed victims’ lives.
The catechist studied.
The category of a hurricane depends on its wind speed.
The caterpillar ate all the leaves.
The caterpillar does all the work, but the butterfly is famous.
The caterpillar is four centimeters long.
The caterpillar is transforming itself into a butterfly.
The caterpillar is turning into a butterfly.
The caterpillar started spinning silk.
The caterpillar transformed into a beautiful butterfly.
The caterpillar transforms itself into a beautiful butterfly.
The caterpillar transforms itself into a butterfly.
The caterpillar turned into a butterfly.
The caterpillar's body changes inside the cocoon. Now it has wings. Look. It's a butterfly.
The caterpillars ate the cabbage.
The caterpillars have already moved more than 25 kilometers into Guinea, eating crops and displacing farmers in half-a-dozen villages.
The caterpillars were so transparent that under a low magnifying power the nervous, tracheal, and alimentary systems could be beautifully seen.
The catfish catches a chicken.
The catfish flies.
The catfish meows.
The catfish steals.
The catgirl coughed up a hairball.
The cathedral burned down.
The cathedral choir sang like angels last Sunday.
The cathedral contained many precious artworks.
The cathedral contained many precious works of art.
The cathedral contains many valuable works of art.
The cathedral dates back to the Middle Ages.
The cathedral dominates the cityscape.
The cathedral dominates the view of the city.
The cathedral features several pointed arches above the entrance.
The cathedral had a religious painting on its ceiling.
The cathedral has a lovely interior.
The cathedral is half a millennium old.
The cathedral of Roskilde is the place where nearly all kings and queens of Denmark are buried.
The cathedral still dominates the cityscape.
The cathedral was destroyed by an earthquake.
The cathedral's clock has just struck three.
The cathedral's clock just struck three.
The cats all cuddled with each other.
The cats are afraid of water.
The cats are being very cute.
The cats are black.
The cats are buying Alemu.
The cats are curious about the red dot on the wall.
The cats are currently meowing.
The cats are drinking milk from a bowl.
The cats are eating meat.
The cats are fascinated by this latest turn of events.
The cats are in open revolt.
The cats are keeping them away.
The cats are meowing.
The cats are playing outside.
The cats are purring.
The cats are relaxing in the sun.
The cats are safe.
The cats are up on the roof.
The cats are upset.
The cats drink milk.
The cats have already been fed.
The cats have been getting into the basement.
The cats have fleas.
The cats in this town do not hunt and catch mice.
The cats meowed all night.
The cats next door mew a lot.
The cats saw the birds.
The cats seem very happy.
The cats seemed to be meowing all night.
The cats were fighting.
The cats were meowing to each other.
The cats were playing dominance games.
The cats will guide us home.
The cats will protect us from the phantoms.
The cats've already been fed.
The cattle are marked with brands.
The cattle are starving.
The cattle starved to death.
The cattle were heard lowing most lamentably, several of them were seen wandering and running about in disorder and the shepherds believed that these were lamentations and marks of sorrow for their departed master.
The cat’s ear swiveled in the direction of the noise.
The cat’s fur stood on end.
The cauldron was steaming and bubbling.
The causative voice in Uighur isn't simple.
The causative voice in Uighur isn’t simple.
The cause hasn't been pinpointed.
The cause isn't dead.
The cause of Dan's death was officially ruled as undetermined.
The cause of Tom's death is still shrouded in mystery.
The cause of Tom's death still remains a mystery.
The cause of Tom's death still remains unknown.
The cause of Tom's illness was overeating.
The cause of Yanni's illness is still a mystery but his health improved.
The cause of death has also been attributed to malnutrition.
The cause of death hasn't been determined yet.
The cause of death hasn't yet been determined.
The cause of death is still unknown.
The cause of death is unknown.
The cause of death is yet to be determined.
The cause of death seems to be a gunshot wound.
The cause of death was "dependent clauses."
The cause of death was a deep stab in the left side, which must have penetrated the heart.
The cause of death was a heart attack.
The cause of death was cardiac arrest.
The cause of death was not accidental.
The cause of death was stabbing.
The cause of death was strangulation.
The cause of death wasn't given.
The cause of his death still remains a mystery.
The cause of his death was a car accident.
The cause of his toothache was overeating of sweets.
The cause of sleepwalking is not known.
The cause of the accident is a complete mystery.
The cause of the accident is not known to us.
The cause of the accident is still not clear.
The cause of the accident is still obscure.
The cause of the accident is still unclear.
The cause of the accident is still under investigation.
The cause of the accident is unknown.
The cause of the accident was being investigated by the police.
The cause of the accident was determined to be pilot error.
The cause of the crash is unknown.
The cause of the death was an overdose.
The cause of the failure has been discovered.
The cause of the fire has still not been determined.
The cause of the fire has yet to be determined.
The cause of the fire hasn't yet been determined.
The cause of the fire is not known.
The cause of the fire is unknown.
The cause of the fire is yet unknown.
The cause of the fire isn't known.
The cause of the fire was his cigarette butt.
The cause of the fire was known.
The cause of the fire was not known.
The cause of the fire was unknown.
The cause of the flood is not definitively known.
The cause of the illness is not clear.
The cause of the traffic accident was reported by the police.
The cause of the wreck is still unknown.
The cause of this fire is unknown.
The cause of this illness is stress.
The cause was attributed to several pilot errors.
The cause was unclear.
The cause wasn't immediately clear.
The cause wasn't immediately known.
The causes are firstly rooted in deep-seated resentment.
The causes can be very diverse.
The causes of mass strandings remain unknown.
The causes of migraine are still not known.
The cautious one is good.
The cavaliers were decimated by the artillery.
The cavalry arrived yesterday.
The cavalry charged the enemy.
The cavalry endured an attack.
The cavalry galloped to the capital to report their victory.
The cavalry has arrived.
The cavalry is in position.
The cave collapsed on Yanni.
The cave did for our hiding place.
The cave is easy to access.
The cave is easy to get to.
The cave is full of fireflies.
The cave is inaccessible during a flash flood because the arroyo turns into a raging river.
The cave is swarming with goblins.
The cave walls got narrower and narrower.
The cave was a mystery to Ziri.
The cave was so dark that they had to feel their way.
The cave was the home of a homeless person.
The cave was toward a torrent.
The cave-man spoke Toki Pona.
The caveat was buried in the fine print.
The caveman skillfully crafted tools from stone.
The caves are situated on a hilltop and provide an excellent vantage point.
The cawing of a crow startled me.
The ceasefire agreement looked encouraging.
The ceasefire has repeatedly ruptured.
The cedar count today is really high, so I might have to call work and tell them I'm too sick to go in.
The cedi is Ghana's current currency. Its symbol is "₵".
The cedi is Ghana’s current currency. Its symbol is "â‚µ".
The ceiling began falling down.
The ceiling fan is broken.
The ceiling fan is on.
The ceiling fell through.
The ceiling has partially collapsed.
The ceiling height is 14 feet, and the apartment comes fully furnished.
The ceiling is above me.
The ceiling is leaking again.
The ceiling is leaking.
The ceiling is very low in this room.
The ceiling is very low.
The ceiling lamp has packed up.
The ceiling measures ten feet high.
The ceiling of the Hall of Ocean Life was once crowded with whale skeletons, models of porpoises, and a giant squid. But the giant blue whale model muscled the others out as part of a mid-1960s renovation, and has reigned there since.
The ceiling over my head shook.
The ceiling turned black from moisture.
The ceiling was detailed with an immaculate cornice.
The ceiling was painted with clouds.
The ceilings are removable.
The celebrant asked whether anyone present knew of any reason why the bride and groom should not be married.
The celebrant of the life of ancient Greece was indeed very far from idealising the man who consolidated the supremacy of Rome.
The celebration didn't last long.
The celebration's still going on.
The celebrations culminated in a spectacular fireworks display.
The celebrity couple celebrated their fifth anniversary this week in Havana, where huge crowds greeted them as they strolled hand in hand through the Cuban capital.
The celebrity launched his presidential campaign.
The celebrity list for January 1st birthdays keeps on growing larger and larger with each passing year.
The celebrity spoke out against single-use plastics.
The celebrity walked on the red carpet for the first time of her life.
The celebrity was sitting in the back of the limousine.
The celebrity was still incompetent and needed guardianship.
The celestial vault makes its revolution.
The cell has a system for processing stored information.
The cell phone rang, but he went back to sleep.
The cell smells of urine.
The cell unwittingly brings the virus inside, where the attacker unloads its cargo: instructions for making more virus.
The cell was filled with men.
The cell was filled with prostitutes and homeless women.
The cell was stinking of body odor.
The cell was stinking of urine.
The cellar hasn't been in use ever since a fire broke out here some time ago.
The cellar is flooded.
The cellar is swarming with mice.
The cellar is teeming with mice.
The cellar is ugly, dark, and stinky.
The cellar light is at the bottom of the stairs.
The cellar-door flew open with a booming sound.
The cello is a string instrument.
The cellos aren't playing together.
The cellos need to play together.
The cellphone came with several applications already pre-installed.
The cellphone is an invention we can't live without.
The cellphone that I bought was quite cheap, but it is helping.
The cellphones the man stole were returned to their owner, too!
The cells have the capacity to convert food into energy.
The cells of multicellular organisms form tissues.
The cement hardened and restricted Hulk’s movements.
The cement is gray.
The cement is still wet.
The cement was still wet.
The cement will set in a couple of hours.
The cemeteries are outside the city.
The cemetery closes at five thirty.
The cemetery had that super creepy vibe to it.
The cemetery is full of irreplaceable people.
The cemetery isn't open at this time of night.
The cemetery needs to be moved to a new location south of the town.
The cemetery takes up about fifty acres of land.
The cemetery walls were demolished, so that it could be expanded.
The cemetery was at the end of the road.
The cemetery was covered in fog.
The cemetery was in the woods.
The census is conducted once in a decade and is used to allot seats in the U.S. House of Representatives and distribute some $800 billion in federal funds.
The census was bad.
The centennial event will feature a historical reenactment of key moments from the past.
The centennial project aims to renovate and preserve the historic courthouse.
The centennial tradition of planting a tree in the town square continued this year.
The center develops strategies to combat some of the biggest threats to cheetahs, including confrontations with livestock farmers.
The center fielder made a firm catch for the winning out.
The center fielder shifted his position for the slugger.
The center has had ten years of experience dealing with the mental health and acculturation issues of vulnerable immigrants and refugees. The director of the center, clinical psychologist Dennis Hunt, says the first step is to overcome the stigma attached to mental problems in many cultures.
The center in the game of chess, formed by the e4, e5, d4, and d5 squares, has exceptional strategic importance. Whoever has a strong center will always have an advantage in carrying out both attack and defense operations.
The center is an ideal.
The center of a target is called a "bull's eye."
The center of a target is called a "bull’s eye."
The center of our Milky Way galaxy is too distant for us to visit in person.
The center of the universe is at every point in space.
The center of the universe is at every point in the universe.
The center of the universe is everywhere.
The center won’t hold me in.
The center-left and far-right collaborate, using every tool at their disposal, to keep the left from ever getting a fair chance in the United States.
The centerpiece that Mark created for Jessica's party was a work of art.
The centerpiece that Mark created for the party was the highlight of the evening.
The centerpiece that Mark designed for the party really tied the whole room together.
The centerpiece that Mark made for the party was absolutely stunning.
The centipede balanced on the delicate flower petal.
The centipede balanced on the slender blade of grass.
The centipede circled around the fallen fruit.
The centipede climbed the towering anthill.
The centipede climbed the towering tree trunk.
The centipede climbed up the tall grass.
The centipede could bite you in your sleep.
The centipede crawled across the forest floor.
The centipede crawled beneath the mossy stones.
The centipede crawled up the moss-covered rock.
The centipede crept along the narrow ledge.
The centipede crept along the narrow path.
The centipede darted between the blades of grass.
The centipede darted in and out of the fallen leaves.
The centipede darted into the safety of its burrow.
The centipede darted into the safety of its hiding spot.
The centipede darted out from its hiding place.
The centipede dashed into the underground burrow.
The centipede explored the hidden corners of the cave.
The centipede explored the rocky terrain.
The centipede hid beneath the fallen pine cone.
The centipede hid in the dark crevices.
The centipede hurried across the sunlit meadow.
The centipede inched along the fallen tree trunk.
The centipede is alive.
The centipede is moving.
The centipede is not there.
The centipede is still alive.
The centipede is still in Mennad's room.
The centipede is still in the garage.
The centipede is still moving.
The centipede is still there.
The centipede lunged at its unsuspecting prey.
The centipede maneuvered through the dense vegetation.
The centipede maneuvered through the fallen tree branches.
The centipede maneuvered through the tall reeds.
The centipede moved through the fallen branches.
The centipede navigated the maze of fallen leaves.
The centipede navigated through the labyrinth of roots.
The centipede raced across the mossy stones.
The centipede raced through the tangled vines.
The centipede scampered into the dark burrow.
The centipede scurried into the safety of its burrow.
The centipede scurried through the dense underbrush.
The centipede scurried under the fallen leaves.
The centipede scurried under the rotting wood.
The centipede scuttled along the riverbank.
The centipede scuttled over the wooden boardwalk.
The centipede scuttled under the fallen palm frond.
The centipede scuttled under the fallen tree trunk.
The centipede shuffled through the autumn foliage.
The centipede skidded down the slippery slope.
The centipede skittered across the sunlit forest floor.
The centipede slid between the narrow cracks.
The centipede slinked along the edge of the cliff.
The centipede slinked along the rocky ledge.
The centipede slinked into the narrow crevice.
The centipede slinked through the overgrown grass.
The centipede slithered between the tree roots.
The centipede slithered under the sheltering rock.
The centipede sneaked through the cracks of the old stone wall.
The centipede spiraled around the fallen log.
The centipede squeezed through the narrow passage.
The centipede swiftly climbed up the wooden wall, displaying its remarkable agility.
The centipede twirled around the fallen acorns.
The centipede twisted and turned in its burrow.
The centipede twisted and turned through the maze of roots.
The centipede twisted and turned, leaving a trail in the sand.
The centipede twisted and wriggled under the rotting log.
The centipede twisted its body around the corner.
The centipede twisted its way through the fallen pine needles.
The centipede ventured into the abandoned barn.
The centipede ventured into the dark cave.
The centipede ventured into the unfamiliar territory.
The centipede was crawling across Mennad's bed.
The centipede was crawling across the room.
The centipede was crawling across the table.
The centipede wriggled out from under the fallen leaves.
The centipede wriggled through the cracks in the pavement.
The centipede wriggled through the narrow crack.
The centipede zigzagged through the fallen autumn leaves.
The centipede's bite left Miroslav feeling weak and fatigued.
The centipede's bite left a red, swollen mark on Miroslav's skin.
The centipede, dubbed Nannarrup hoffmanni in honor of Dr. Richard Hoffman of the Virginia Museum of Natural History, actually constitutes a new genus.
The central European states of the Czech Republic, Hungary and Austria have imposed land border closures, blocking migrant workers from crossing the continent.
The central bank of Hungary is the Magyar Nemzeti Bank.
The central bank raised its benchmark interest rate seven times last year in an effort to slow job growth and increase the cost of borrowing for businesses and consumers alike, on the presumption that the higher loan costs would bring down inflation.
The central bank said Tuesday the currency depreciation was a deliberate policy in the face of dwindling oil revenues.
The central intelligence agency managed to plant a secret agent inside the deadly terrorist organization.
The central location gives easy access to stores and offices.
The central nervous system consists of four organs.
The central nervous system does not heal.
The central nervous system doesn't heal.
The central nervous system, which includes the brain and the eyes, is particularly sensitive to oxygen deficiency.
The central part of the Sahara Desert is populated by the Tuaregs.
The central part of the city's never been so heavily flooded with cars than now.
The centre of a target is called the bull's eye.
The centre of gravity of any triangle is at the intersection of the lines drawn from any two angles to the middle points of the opposite sides respectively.
The centre of gravity should be lower to obtain greater stability.
The centre of the Galactic Empire was a palatial garden planet.
The centre of the city of Hamburg has been flooded.
The centre will remain closed for two months during the summer.
The centrosome introduced by the spermatozoon has divided into two centrosomes, one at each pole of the nucleus.
The centurion summoned his auxiliary troops.
The cereal box is made of recycled paperboard.
The cereal company apologized for the stale product.
The cerebellum requires continuous blood supply.
The cerebral cortex is made up of gray matter.
The cerebral cortex is the brain's outer layer.
The ceremony began with his speech.
The ceremony began with the national anthems of Azerbaijan, Türkiye, and Pakistan.
The ceremony has ended.
The ceremony is followed by a parade that celebrates all 50 states and can last for hours.
The ceremony is to turn away evil spirits.
The ceremony stopped.
The ceremony took place in the afternoon.
The ceremony was broadcast live on the Internet.
The ceremony was followed by the reception.
The ceremony was held in honor of the guest from China.
The ceremony was impressive.
The ceremony was recorded.
The ceremony was simple.
The ceremony was very impressive.
The ceremony went off well.
The ceremony will last for a little over thirty minutes.
The ceremony will last for just over half an hour.
The ceremony will take place in the town hall.
The ceremony will take place on October 20th.
The ceremony will take place tomorrow.
The certificate, costing about 60 cents, must then be retrieved from the district civil registrar’s office.
The certification body evaluates compliance with industry standards and best practices.
The cervical region has seven vertebrae.
The cervix is the lower, narrower part of the uterus.
The ceviche at Benedito's restaurant is refreshing.
The chaff must be removed from the good wheat.
The chain is no stronger than its weakest link.
The chain of crimes are thought to have been committed by the same man.
The chain should be placed in kerosene and left to soak.
The chains of oppression may be invisible, but their weight is felt throughout society.
The chainsaw kicked back, almost tearing into Ziri's leg.
The chainsaw you bought doesn't work.
The chair brought William good luck.
The chair can't be fixed.
The chair creaked as he sat down.
The chair gave way as Tom sat on it, and he crashed to the floor injuring his back.
The chair had a nail sticking out.
The chair has a broken leg.
The chair hasn't arrived yet.
The chair hasn’t arrived yet.
The chair is broken.
The chair is broken. You'd better get someone to fix it.
The chair is broken. You’d better get someone to fix it.
The chair is close to the door.
The chair is far away from the door.
The chair is far from the door.
The chair is in front of the door.
The chair is made of wood.
The chair is not by the window.
The chair is not near the window.
The chair is of a non-red color.
The chair is relatively small.
The chair is short enough for him.
The chair is too low for me.
The chair is too small.
The chair is very small.
The chair isn't by the window.
The chair isn't near the window.
The chair needs to be repaired.
The chair stands next to the door.
The chair stars the meeting.
The chair stopped rocking.
The chair was handmade.
The chair was too high, and I found myself with my legs hanging in the air.
The chair was violently knocked over.
The chair you're sitting in is the one I sat in yesterday.
The chair's height is adjustable.
The chair's not by the window.
The chairman banged the table with his fist.
The chairman called the committee to order.
The chairman called the meeting to order.
The chairman did not rule out the possibility of a disagreement.
The chairman is elected for a two year term.
The chairman is going to resign.
The chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change does not mince words.
The chairman of the Walter Sisulu University Council told VOA South Africans are ecstatic the country was among the five member countries elevated to a two-year term on the U.N Security Council Tuesday.
The chairman of the meeting became ill.
The chairman opened the meeting.
The chairman put forward an important plan at the meeting.
The chairman rejected his absurd proposal.
The chairman rejected the proposal.
The chairman resigned out of the blue.
The chairman shall make a statement tomorrow.
The chairman should take the minority opinion into account.
The chairman suggested that we should discuss the problem.
The chairman thumped the table with his fist.
The chairman will make a statement tomorrow.
The chairman would only make her comments off the record.
The chairman's office is to the left.
The chairperson banged the table with their fist.
The chairperson cut me short.
The chairperson has asked for questions.
The chairperson has been associated with the organization for ten years.
The chairperson ordered silence.
The chairperson should consider the minority opinion.
The chairperson thumped the table with their fist.
The chairs are made of a synthetic material.
The chairs are made of wood.
The chairs are under the tree.
The chairs had comfortable padding.
The chairs had comfortable upholstery.
The chairs stack well.
The chairs they bought last month are missing.
The chairs were arranged in a perfect circle.
The chairs were filled up.
The chairs were spaced out two feet apart.
The chairs will be here tomorrow.
The chairwoman of the commission presented its final report.
The chair’s cushion is missing.
The chair’s rungs were made of oak.
The chakras are all aligned in a vertical column along one's spine.
The chakras are constantly spinning. If they weren't, the physical body couldn't exist.
The chalk is on the table.
The chalky taste of the contrast left her feeling nauseous.
The challah was so delicious that I just had to ask her for the recipe.
The challenge began.
The challenge has been growing soil bacteria like Streptomyces in the lab with available tools so they can be made into drugs. The team is looking for ways to do that and they are beginning to find the right tools.
The challenge is accepted.
The challenge is getting there on time.
The challenge is responding to a need.
The challenge is to address a need.
The challenge now is clear.
The challenge of ensuring every child has access to high-quality books and reading materials is not one that any single institution can meet alone.
The challenge of the century: send this to all your buddies.
The challenge of the century: send this to all your mates.
The challenge of the century: share it with all your buddies.
The challenge of the century: share it with all your mates.
The challenge of translation fascinates me.
The challenge seemed to goad her into action.
The challenge we are going to face is how to increase work efficiency.
The challenges are daunting, but we can overcome them.
The challenges are enormous.
The challenges are mounting.
The challenges are numerous.
The challenges that Algeria faces today are many.
The challenging boxer defeated the champion.
The chamber door is open.
The chamber filled up with water.
The chamber is almost completely silent.
The chamber pot is a container, where you shit and piss.
The chambermaid was cleaning the room when Carol entered.
The chambermaid will bring you some soap.
The chameleon can change its skin color.
The chameleon can take on any color.
The chameleon can take on the colors of its background.
The chameleon changed its color to orange, green and yellow.
The chameleon changes color depending on where it finds itself.
The chameleon died due to hunger.
The chamois is an emblematic species of the Alps.
The chamomile grows here.
The champagne bubbled in the glass.
The champagne cork popped out.
The champagne corks popped.
The champagne corks were popping.
The champion had the challengers at his mercy.
The champion has successfully defended his title.
The champion of Eredivisie will be Ajax.
The champion was welcomed by large crowds.
The champion wins.
The champion's experience submitted to the young opponent's power.
The championship will be ours.
The championship will start on the 5th.
The champion’s experience submitted to the young opponent’s power.
The chance Tom will be executed is very slim.
The chance Tom will get arrested is very slim.
The chance is gone.
The chance is small that we find him.
The chance of Tom mending his ways is minimal.
The chance of passing rain showers increases around noon.
The chance of promotion disposed him to accept the offer.
The chance of rain is low.
The chance of that happening is less than a thousandth of a percent.
The chance that Tom will be executed is very slim.
The chance that Tom will get arrested is very slim.
The chance that Tom will mend his ways is minimal.
The chance was fully taken advantage of.
The chancellor comes after the president of the parliament.
The chances are even.
The chances are he will be able to win a Nobel prize.
The chances are he's already heard the news.
The chances are he’s already heard the news.
The chances are slim to none that you'll win the lottery.
The chances are that he has not heard the news yet.
The chances are that he is still in bed.
The chances are that he will succeed.
The chances are that he will win.
The chances are that he'll be beaten.
The chances are that he’ll be beaten.
The chances are that it will rain today.
The chances are that she is still in bed.
The chances are that she will win the game.
The chances are that she'll quit her job.
The chances are that she’ll quit her job.
The chances are that the bill will be rejected.
The chances are that the boss will send you to California.
The chances are that you can pass the test.
The chances are that you will find him.
The chances are two to one against us.
The chances are very good that our team will win.
The chances are you'll find him.
The chances of Ziri getting well are low.
The chances of being attacked by a shark are very low, especially in a pool.
The chances of being attacked by a shark are very low.
The chances of dying from falling airplane parts are 30 times greater than the chances of being killed by a shark.
The chances of our team winning are fifty-fifty.
The chances of our team winning the competition have now gone the way of the ghost.
The chances of recurrence vary from patient to patient.
The chances of success are greater if the business man knows the ropes, and also has more funds at his disposal.
The chances of that ever happening are so small.
The chances of that happening are extremely low.
The chances of victory or defeat are even.
The chances that happens are minimal.
The chances that that happens are minimal.
The chandelier above them sparkled magnificently.
The chandelier fell on top of Martino’s head, killing him.
The chandelier fell right in front of Vladimir.
The chandelier fell right on top of Donald.
The chandelier fell right on top of Vladimir.
The chandelier may fall.
The chandelier sparkled like a thousand stars.
The change bewildered Tom.
The change came suddenly.
The change in leadership was a fait accompli, surprising many.
The change in temperature might hurt Sami.
The change in weather came suddenly.
The change in weather has come completely out of the blue.
The change in weather has come completely unexpectedly.
The change in weather was sudden.
The change is already close.
The change is leading to obvious business opportunities.
The change is possible if a critical mass of people is involved.
The change is too small to be observed.
The change of air had done me much good.
The change of air worked wonders for her.
The change room over there is vacant.
The change was immediate.
The change was nine pesos.
The change was remarkable.
The change will be permanent.
The change won't surely be good.
The changes are absolutely mind-blowing.
The changes are being made as we speak.
The changes are startling.
The changes have been gradual.
The changes have been praised by educators and psychologists — although the praise has been given cautiously. Jean Kilbourne is a documentary film-maker whose series, Killing Us Softly, is a critique of the images of women in western advertising. Ms. Kilbourne says the "real girls" that can now be found in teen magazines are a step in the right direction, but she is still highly critical of the industry's practice of retouching photographs, whether those pictures are of "real girls" or professional models.
The changes made to the home include a visitors center, swimming pool, helipad and cattle enclosure.
The changes resulting from the women's movement have affected both women and men.
The changes resulting from the women’s movement have affected both women and men.
The changes we made are irreversible.
The changes were not made.
The changes were surprising.
The changes will affect us all.
The changes won't be radical.
The changing of the seasons have a tendency to affect our health, so take care.
The changing seasons in Japan do much to Japan's agriculture.
The changing seasons in Japan do much to Japan’s agriculture.
The channel KabylieTv is well-known.
The channel has had to apologize for its biased coverage.
The channel has low signal-to-noise ratio.
The channel undermined its reputation.
The chapel is there.
The chaperones were following us all the time.
The chaplain listened sympathetically to his parishioner.
The chapter of a novel has value in reading.
The chapter on the Russian Revolution really blew me away.
The character depends on personality, not on talent.
The character designs in this game have inspired many a hentai artist.
The character made people laugh, but was sad and lonely when he left the theater.
The character of Hyman Roth from The Godfather Part II was based on Meyer Lansky.
The character of every act depends upon the circumstances in which it is done.
The character of men depends more on their occupations than on any teaching we can give them.
The characteristic feature of a turret lathe is the turret which is mounted upon a carriage and contains the tools which are successively brought into the working position.
The characters and setting are introduced in the first chapter.
The characters are easily recognizable.
The characters are easy to recognize.
The characters are two dimensional.
The characters created by Walt Disney are known by kids all over the world.
The characters in this movie are all complete idiots.
The characters in this novel are fictitious. Any resemblance to a real person in name, situation, or circumstances is thus purely coincidental and beyond the author's control.
The characters in this novel seem as if they have stepped straight out of an old painting.
The characters in this novel seem to have stepped straight out of an old painting.
The characters were well cast.
The charge for a front row seat is 5 dollars.
The charge for a front row seats is 5 dollars.
The charge was dismissed.
The charge was dropped.
The charge was increased.
The charge was led by Tom.
The charge was not true.
The charge was reduced to manslaughter.
The charge was upgraded from assault to murder after the death of the victim.
The charge went up.
The charges against Assange in Sweden were dropped.
The charges against Tom have been dropped.
The charges against Tom were dropped.
The charges against him were dropped because of his youth.
The charges have been dismissed.
The charges have been dropped.
The charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice, withholding and corruptly concealing a document or record, and concealing a document in a federal investigation carry up to 20 years in prison.
The charges were dropped.
The charges were false.
The chariest maid is prodigal enough if she unmask her beauty to the moon.
The chariot will depart now to go to the market.
The charitable food bank provided each of their registered needy families with an allocation of basic foodstuffs.
The charity fundraiser took place under the auspices of a supportive community.
The charity is appealing for blankets for the victims of the earthquake.
The charity is named after a man who gave away some two billion yen.
The charity issued an urgent appeal for donations to help the victims of the natural disaster.
The charity money luckily was brought back to the orphanage.
The charity operates under the aegis of a well-established foundation.
The charm did not work on Donald.
The charm of Kyoto consists of the beauty of its old temples.
The charming Isabelle Adjani is Kabyle.
The charms of the nymph's mind completed the conquest which her beauty had begun, and the mystery of the intrigue added zest to both.
The chart illustrates how the body works.
The charter flight is to take off at three.
The chasm is twenty feet wide and very deep.
The chassis of the car had rusted away.
The chassis of the ‘Genesis’ — by German engineering firm EDAG — is printed in one piece out of thermoplastic.
The chateau was requisitioned by the Allies.
The chateau was requisitioned by the Germans.
The chats, on the encrypted messaging app Telegram, shocked islanders for their vulgarity and crassness and raised questions about possible conflicts of interest and violations of the law.
The chatterbox can explain it well, but at the end of the day he has said nothing meaningful.
The chauffeur opened the door.
The chauffeur opened the limo door for Tom.
The chauffeur will be on duty after 3 o'clock.
The chauffeur will be on duty after 3 o’clock.
The cheap dollar is charging up exports.
The cheap prices tempted me to buy things I didn't need.
The cheap prices tempted me to buy things I didn’t need.
The cheap wine is inferior to the more expensive.
The cheapest is the best.
The cheapest of nepenthes are often the most corrosive.
The cheapest place to eat is the cafeteria.
The cheater was banned.
The check bounced.
The check engine light is on.
The check got lost in the mail.
The check must've gotten lost in the mail.
The check never cleared.
The check was made out to Sami.
The check was made out to Tom.
The check will be certified.
The check you gave me bounced.
The check, please!
The check, please.
The checked player must find a way for the king to escape and block the check.
The checker and the king can both forward and backward capture one or more pieces.
The checker that reaches the last row in front of it, stopping there, will be promoted to a king, a piece of exceptional mobility and which, in a large number of cases, represents a decisive advantage.
The checker that, when performing the capture of several pieces, passes through a coronation square, without stopping there, will not be promoted to a king.
The checkerboard tiling and shopworn 1950s decor in Dr. David Mushabac's dental office seem a bit old fashioned, but all the necessities are there: sky-blue swivel chair with headrest, porcelain basin, cotton swabs, and row upon row of sterile metal instruments.
The checkerboard with 100 squares used in checkers has its black squares numbered 1 to 50, from right to left, on the black side, so that they initially occupy the four rows of squares identified by the numbers 1 to 20, while the white pieces stand on the four rows of squares identified by the numbers 31 to 50.
The checkmated player shook the hand of his opponent.
The checks are paper.
The cheeky seagull kept stealing my fries.
The cheering ceased.
The cheering stopped.
The cheerleaders started cheering the boys on.
The cheerleaders worked hard to fire up the crowd before the players took the court for the final game of the Delaware high school basketball playoffs.
The cheers swelled to a roar.
The cheers were deafening.
The cheese began to melt.
The cheese complements the wine perfectly.
The cheese enhances the flavor.
The cheese gave off a most peculiar, most invasive aroma.
The cheese had to be thrown away.
The cheese had to be thrown out.
The cheese is a bit dry, but it tastes nice.
The cheese is in the fridge.
The cheese is made from cow's milk.
The cheese is moldy.
The cheese is not the same color as quesillo.
The cheese is not yellow.
The cheese is very stretchy.
The cheese is yellow.
The cheese isn't cheap; it's expensive.
The cheese isn't fresh.
The cheese melts in my mouth.
The cheese omelette was burned badly.
The cheese pairs well with the tannins in the wine.
The cheese was delicious.
The cheeseburgers at Chuck's Diner are amazing.
The cheeseburgers at Chuck's Diner are delicious.
The cheeseburgers at Chuck's Diner are fantastic.
The cheeseburgers at Chuck's Diner are really good.
The cheesecake tasted too sweet.
The cheeses have eaten my friends.
The cheetah is the fastest animal in the world.
The cheetah is the fastest animal.
The cheetah is the fastest land animal.
The cheetah is very closely related to the domestic cat.
The cheetah runs very fast.
The cheetah uses a combination of stealth and explosive acceleration to catch its prey.
The chef Jamie Oliver received death threats from angry Spaniards after putting chorizo in his paella.
The chef at this restaurant is famous.
The chef came out and asked Ziri what was going on.
The chef came over at our table.
The chef came over to our table.
The chef carefully sliced the fish on a large wooden cutting board.
The chef conducted his kitchen with a soup ladle, producing a beautiful symphony of gastronomic indulgences.
The chef has prepared something special.
The chef is phoning a supplier.
The chef made Matthew some breakfast.
The chef made kabab by using cinnamon sticks as skewers.
The chef prepared a delicious puff pastry pizza filled with cheese, tomato sauce, and fresh basil.
The chef prepared a spicy sauce for the tacos, adding jalapeños and cayenne pepper for a fiery kick.
The chef prepared the meal on the spacious kitchen island.
The chef reluctantly examined the proposal.
The chef skillfully prepared a gourmet meal.
The chef started to prepare the food.
The chef struggled to chop the vegetables with his blunt knife.
The chef used creamy garlic aioli for the fries.
The chef was disgusted by the spoiled ingredients.
The chef wears an apron.
The chef will shred cheese for the quesadilla.
The chef will sprinkle cheese on the pizza.
The chefs prepared the feast, plating dishes meticulously as they go hand-to-hand in the busy kitchen.
The chemical abbreviation of water is H₂O.
The chemical engineers made a substance that smells like a wet dog chewing bubble gum.
The chemical equation for a thermite reaction is quite simple, really.
The chemical formula for water is H-O-H.
The chemical formula for water is Hâ‚‚O.
The chemical formula for water is H₂O.
The chemical industry felt threatened. Industry spokesmen and other critics said the book was non-scientific and emotional. They misunderstood the message of the book. Miz Carson did not suggest that all pesticides be banned. She urged that control of these substances be given to biologists who could make informed decisions about the risks involved.
The chemical ingredients cause the mouth to dry up.
The chemical left Yanni's skin read.
The chemical samples were stored in sealed cases to prevent contamination.
The chemical started to eat away at the fat clogging the drain.
The chemical symbol "H" stands for hydrogen.
The chemical symbol H expresses hydrogen.
The chemical symbol H indicates hydrogen.
The chemical symbol for aluminum is Al.
The chemical symbol of scandium is Sc.
The chemical touched Gustavo’s skin.
The chemicals are designed to irritate the mucous membranes of the eyes, nose and throat.
The chemicals are under the sink.
The chemicals that cool your refrigerator are warming the planet.
The chemist sold me the medicines.
The chemist's is at the end of this road.
The chemistry between Layla and Sami was unmistakable.
The chemistry between Tom and Mary is unmistakable.
The chemistry between Tom and Mary was unmistakable.
The chemistry between us is undeniable.
The chemistry exam was a doddle.
The chemistry industry is studying for new technologies and better modernisations.
The chemistry is right for us.
The chemistry prize was awarded for the development of multiscale models for complex chemical systems.
The chemistry test yesterday went well.
The chemotherapy left Layla almost deaf.
The cheque bounced.
The cheque must've got lost in the post.
The cherries are a little pinkish.
The cherries are slowly turning red.
The cherries are wormy.
The cherries rotted on the tree.
The cherries should be ripe by mid-June.
The cherries we ate were delicious.
The cherry blossom is in April.
The cherry blossom is to Japan what the rose is to England.
The cherry blossom season brings crowds of people to parks.
The cherry blossom trees illumined in pink with the sun behind them.
The cherry blossoms are at their best in April.
The cherry blossoms are at their best now.
The cherry blossoms are at their best this week.
The cherry blossoms are at their best.
The cherry blossoms are in full bloom.
The cherry blossoms at Ueno are at their best now.
The cherry blossoms flutter down whenever the wind blows.
The cherry blossoms were at their best.
The cherry blossoms will be out in April.
The cherry blossoms will come out earlier than usual.
The cherry compote has fermented.
The cherry cordials are her favorites out of the whole chocolate box.
The cherry hangs by a long stalk, the plum and peach's are shorter. The mulberry’s stalk is very short.
The cherry is now in full bloom.
The cherry is red.
The cherry juice started coming down.
The cherry orchard is now mine!... I bought the estate on which my grandfather and father were slaves, where they were not even permitted in the kitchen.
The cherry tomatoes were crowding out the cucumbers, but neither plant seemed to mind.
The cherry tree blooms earlier this year than usual.
The cherry trees are about to blossom.
The cherry trees are getting ready to bloom.
The cherry trees are in bloom.
The cherry trees are in full bloom now.
The cherry trees are in full bloom.
The cherry trees are in full blossom.
The cherry trees are planted on either side of the road.
The cherry trees blossom at Easter.
The cherry trees in bloom are very beautiful.
The cherry trees were in flower.
The cherry wood had a deep red hue.
The chess clock, in fact, is two clocks in one piece, each controlling the time of the nearest player.
The chess pieces are pawn, knight, bishop, rook, queen, and king.
The chess pieces are: king, queen, bishop, knight, rook and pawn.
The chess player put his opponent in check.
The chessboard has 64 squares, alternately light and dark, distributed over 8 rows and 8 columns.
The chessboard is also used for checkers.
The chessboard is the world.
The chessboard is the world; the pieces are the phenomena of the universe; the rules are what we call the laws of nature.
The chessboard was in the wrong position, as squares h1 and a8 were black.
The chest contained gold coins.
The chest is almost a metre wide.
The chest is just under a meter wide.
The chest is just under a metre wide.
The chest is locked with a simple padlock.
The chest is three feet wide.
The chestnut horse is fast.
The chestnut tree that gave Anne Frank hope as she lived in hiding during the German occupation of the Netherlands during World War II has got a last-minute reprieve. A Dutch judge has ruled the tree, which was to be cut down Wednesday, will remain, as city officials try to come up with alternatives.
The chewing gum stuck to his shoe.
The chewing gum stuck to the show sole.
The chick has already hatched from the egg.
The chick has already hatched out.
The chick is fighting for its life.
The chick is hatching.
The chick is so cute.
The chick is so yellow.
The chick peeps.
The chick would not survive unaided.
The chicken ate the foolish mouse.
The chicken clucks 'cluck cluck'.
The chicken eats a butterfly.
The chicken eats the insect.
The chicken eggs are hatching.
The chicken feed I get for a salary is good for nothing.
The chicken has already been eaten.
The chicken has laid a lot of eggs.
The chicken has laid an egg.
The chicken hasn't laid any eggs lately.
The chicken hasn’t laid eggs lately.
The chicken industry loses billions of dollars worldwide because of a disease called coccidiosis. Coccidiosis is caused by parasites. The single-cell organisms infect and destroy cells in the intestines.
The chicken is a bit too dry.
The chicken is cackling.
The chicken is cooked.
The chicken is cooking in the oven.
The chicken is fully cooked.
The chicken is in the fridge.
The chicken is in the kitchen.
The chicken is lean.
The chicken is overcooked.
The chicken is pecking at Tom.
The chicken is pink.
The chicken is raw.
The chicken is scratching the ground for worms.
The chicken is undercooked.
The chicken is worth four annas, and the masala is worth twelve annas.
The chicken laid an egg this morning.
The chicken laid an egg.
The chicken laid four eggs.
The chicken parmigiana at Benedito's restaurant is crispy and cheesy.
The chicken that you sold me has started laying eggs.
The chicken the waiter brought to the table was still raw.
The chicken was a bit dry.
The chicken was already dead.
The chicken was dead.
The chicken was delicious.
The chicken was dry.
The chicken was great.
The chicken was oversalted and inedible.
The chicken was supplemented by light new bread, excellent butter and cheese, Marilla's fruit cake and a dish of preserved plums, floating in their golden syrup as in congealed summer sunshine.
The chicken was wonderful.
The chicken's laid a lot of eggs.
The chicken's ready. Let's eat!
The chickens are in the henhouse.
The chickens are pecking at the grain.
The chickens have come home to roost.
The chickens live in the chicken coop.
The chickens need to be fed.
The chickens started a co-op.
The chickens were killed by a fox.
The chickens were scratching for food on the ground.
The chicks are ready to hatch.
The chicks hatched in April have also become 5 months old. Their bodies are about the same size as their parents, about the only difference is that the roosters have smaller crests than their father.
The chief baker seeing that he had wisely interpreted the dream, said: I also dreamed a dream, that I had three baskets of meal upon my head: And that in one basket which was uppermost, I carried all meats that are made by the art of baking, and that the birds ate out of it.
The chief brigadier supervises personnel and ensures the proper execution of public safety missions.
The chief butler first told his dream: I saw before me a vine, on which were three branches, which by little and little sent out buds, and after the blossoms brought forth ripe grapes: and the cup of Pharaoh was in my hand: and I took the grapes, and pressed them into the cup which I held, and I gave the cup to Pharaoh.
The chief clerk is not a hardworking man, but gets ahead rapidly because he knows how to curry favor with his superiors.
The chief crop of our country is rice.
The chief engineer did research hand in hand with his assistant.
The chief engineer isn't at the worksite.
The chief executive doesn't take his mobile phone with him on holiday.
The chief executive officer has just resigned.
The chief havoc was committed by a she-wolf, which, with her annual litter of whelps, had infested the neighbourhood.
The chief human vice is cowardice.
The chief is speaking to me.
The chief justice will swear in the president.
The chief maréchal des logis performs supervisory duties in territorial or mobile brigades.
The chief massed his warriors to attack the fort.
The chief minister of Maharashtra is Devendra Fadnavis.
The chief object of education is not to learn things; nay, the chief object of education is to unlearn things.
The chief of police told reporters that both a member of the public and a police officer had been injured in last night's altercation.
The chief of the Tuareg tribe is a very busy man.
The chief pronounced that the technique was inadequate.
The chief said officers are trained to try to deescalate a situation and to minimize or avoid the use of force whenever possible.
The chief said that this faction cannot be considered dismantled.
The chief wants to see you.
The chief's gonna kill me.
The chieftain is their leader, but the shaman is the one who actually calls the shots.
The chieftain possessed a harem of young men and women alike.
The child I was trying to help started crying.
The child almost drowned.
The child almost hurt the small dog.
The child always eats fufu.
The child annoyed her with questions.
The child annoyed him with questions.
The child ate the dates.
The child bears a closer resemblance to his mother.
The child became a part of Tom's life.
The child began to cry as she woke to find herself left alone in the room.
The child began to cry at the sight of the dog.
The child begged his mother for candy.
The child believes that the earth is flat.
The child blew up his model tank.
The child boarded the plane in a good mood.
The child bothered him with questions.
The child brings them to me.
The child burst out crying.
The child came aboard the plane in a good mood.
The child came near being drowned.
The child can sing beautifully.
The child can walk alone.
The child can walk.
The child cannot solve the third degree equation.
The child captivates everyone with his sunny smile.
The child caresses the cat.
The child caught a cold.
The child caught the cat by the tail.
The child clicks on the video.
The child climbed to the top of the fir tree.
The child continues to be rambunctious.
The child counted ten.
The child crashed his model train into his sister's dollhouse.
The child crashed his model train into his sister’s dollhouse.
The child cried all night long.
The child cried for a toy car.
The child cried for help.
The child cried for the toy.
The child cried herself to sleep.
The child cried loudly.
The child cried.
The child cries instead of laughing.
The child did not intent to break your arm.
The child died from an asthma attack because the school didn't allow him to carry his inhaler with him.
The child died instantly.
The child dipped his toes into the ocean to see if the water was cold.
The child does not even know how to add.
The child doesn't cry anymore.
The child doesn't say a word.
The child doesn't want to sleep.
The child doesn’t cry anymore.
The child dragged a chair over to the bench so it could reach the biscuit tin.
The child dreads his visit to the dentist.
The child drew a picture.
The child drew a spherical triangle.
The child drew on the page with markers that had vibrant colours.
The child drinks bandung.
The child drinks lassi.
The child drinks three glasses of water.
The child drinks water.
The child dug a grave for the dead animal.
The child eats bread.
The child eats chapatis.
The child falls asleep while eating.
The child feared Tom.
The child fell down and I helped him up.
The child fell out of bed.
The child fell.
The child felt scared when he saw a ghost.
The child filled the bucket with sand.
The child flew for his life.
The child followed me to the park.
The child followeth the womb.
The child found a message in a bottle while playing on the beach.
The child found his feet at last.
The child gaped at me as though he were seeing a ghost.
The child gave their bread to the hungry man.
The child glared impudently at its mother.
The child got angry and struck at his mother.
The child got into bed and pretended he was ill.
The child got into bed and pretended she was ill.
The child got on an airplane in good mood.
The child got on the airplane in a good mood.
The child grabbed the candy.
The child grabbed the cat's tail.
The child grows.
The child had a nasty cough because he had a cold.
The child had a pure heart.
The child had no overcoat on although it was very cold.
The child had to urinate.
The child had written in Braille on a Personal Digital Assistant.
The child handles a knife and fork well.
The child has a blue balloon.
The child has a case of chicken pox.
The child has a keen sense of hearing.
The child has a lot of energy.
The child has advanced in his knowledge.
The child has already been baptized.
The child has already gone to bed.
The child has been naughty the whole day.
The child has chocolate all over his face and lips.
The child has developed.
The child has diarrhea.
The child has drunk bandung.
The child has gloves and a scarf.
The child has got the fidgets today.
The child has nothing to eat.
The child has picked a hole in his new jumper.
The child has separation anxiety.
The child has still not been found.
The child has suffered a severe trauma.
The child has taken its first steps.
The child heard it like in a dream.
The child heard something fall with a crash.
The child hid behind a big tree.
The child hung on his mother's arm.
The child hung on his mother’s arm.
The child interprets the mother's criticism as a lack of acceptance.
The child is a dear.
The child is about to drink bandung.
The child is about to run away.
The child is afraid of being abandoned.
The child is afraid of the dark.
The child is already baptized.
The child is always begging for something.
The child is apparently sleeping.
The child is beginning to drink bandung.
The child is being taken good care of by the doctor.
The child is big.
The child is coughing.
The child is crying and stamping his feet.
The child is crying, because it wants to eat.
The child is dirty.
The child is drinking some milk.
The child is drowsy.
The child is eating a candy.
The child is eating bread.
The child is eating meat.
The child is eating some bread.
The child is eating the meat.
The child is father of the man.
The child is father of the man; and I could wish my days to be bound each to each by natural piety.
The child is father to the man.
The child is going on seven.
The child is helpless in his rage.
The child is ill.
The child is in bed.
The child is in the care of his aunt.
The child is leafing through a picture book.
The child is learning how to speak.
The child is learning quickly.
The child is learning to count from one to ten.
The child is learning to speak.
The child is learning to talk.
The child is lonesome for its mother.
The child is missing.
The child is no longer crying.
The child is not crying anymore.
The child is not yet at an age to know right from wrong.
The child is obsessed with dinosaurs and knows everything about them.
The child is on his way to school.
The child is on the left side of the house.
The child is opening the window even though his mother forbade him to.
The child is opening the window even though his mother told him not to.
The child is petting the cat.
The child is playing in his room.
The child is playing with Meccano.
The child is pretending to be asleep.
The child is reading the light blue book.
The child is safer away from you.
The child is singing.
The child is sleeping on his stomach.
The child is sleeping.
The child is sleeping. Just be quiet now!
The child is stroking a cat.
The child is suffering from the heat.
The child is teething.
The child is the father of the man.
The child is very busy, you know.
The child is very busy.
The child is very loud.
The child is wearing a belly-slip made of silk.
The child is wide awake in bed.
The child is writing a book.
The child isn't crying anymore.
The child isn't learning to talk.
The child jumped around on the bed.
The child kept at her mother for some money.
The child knows how to swim, so she won't drown in the water.
The child knows how to swim, so she won’t drown in the water.
The child laughed at the joke.
The child lay listening to the radio.
The child likes to play with the cats.
The child looked up from her game, and excitedly sniffed the air, which was filled with the warm aroma of fresh gingersnap cookies that her father was baking in the kitchen.
The child looks as neat as a pin.
The child looks up to his father with worship in his eyes.
The child loves the birds.
The child miraculously recovered.
The child missed his mother very much.
The child must be taught to respect the truth and to tell the truth.
The child must get used to school.
The child needs a toy.
The child needs food.
The child next door has to attend three different extra classes every month.
The child next door was showing off his brand new bicycle to his friends.
The child of a child is a grandchild.
The child of a sibling is a nibling.
The child of an aunt is a cousin.
The child of an uncle is a cousin.
The child of my great-grandchild is my great-great-grandchild.
The child of the lady next door is already seven years old.
The child of today is the man of the future in the making.
The child offered a flower to the visitor.
The child painted flowers.
The child painted her father.
The child peed himself in class and the teacher humiliated him in front of the other children.
The child pets the cat.
The child picked up a small stone.
The child played the baby to his mother.
The child playing the piano is my daughter.
The child plays with its ball.
The child pointed out her mother to me.
The child pooped while he was inside the classroom.
The child possessed a good knowledge of the customs of his adopted country.
The child pretended that it was asleep.
The child pretended to cry so it could get some sympathy.
The child protested against having to swallow the medicine.
The child put her doll to bed.
The child put on his pajamas.
The child puts adults to shame.
The child quickly fell asleep.
The child ran away because her parents beat her.
The child ran home.
The child ran into his father's arms.
The child ran into the house.
The child ran into the room.
The child ran to his mother.
The child reached for the toy.
The child received piano and singing lessons.
The child recovered by a miracle.
The child recovered from his cold.
The child refused to let anyone feed him.
The child remained unfazed, even after being laughed at by his classmates.
The child sat on his mother's lap and listened to the story.
The child sat on his mother’s lap and listened to the story.
The child services didn't believe Ziri.
The child she had learned to love had vanished somehow and here was this tall, serious-eyed girl of fifteen.
The child shouted, "Watch out, a snake!"
The child sings.
The child sits in the back of the car while the parents sit in front.
The child slept on its mother's lap.
The child slept on its mother’s lap.
The child soon fell asleep in the bed.
The child started to run; perhaps he wanted to show off.
The child still cannot count.
The child stood near the other children.
The child stood quietly, looking around.
The child stopped crying and calmed down.
The child stopped drinking bandung.
The child stopped eating chapatis.
The child stretched out his hand to his mother.
The child sucked her thumb.
The child sucked his thumb.
The child sucked its thumb.
The child suddenly licked their mother's hand.
The child swung the plastic bat with enthusiasm.
The child talked with his eyes shining.
The child talks as if he were a man.
The child threw a fit in the store.
The child threw a stone at the cat.
The child threw a stone at the dog.
The child threw a tantrum because he wanted me to buy him a toy.
The child threw a tantrum because he wanted the toy.
The child took her mother's hand.
The child took her mother’s hand.
The child trembled with fear.
The child tumbled down the stairs.
The child understands adult humor.
The child walked behind her mother, crying softly.
The child wanted to eat all the apples.
The child wants candy.
The child was abused.
The child was afraid of being all alone in the dark.
The child was afraid of being left alone in the dark.
The child was almost drowned.
The child was always with her, and she knew no happiness save in evoking and responding to his love.
The child was asleep in bed.
The child was bored.
The child was born a month ago, but still has no name.
The child was comforted by his mother.
The child was completely lacking in discipline.
The child was constantly interrupting her mother's conversation.
The child was crying for her mother.
The child was drinking bandung when the mother entered.
The child was eating injera.
The child was entirely helpless.
The child was exceptionally intelligent.
The child was feeding the monkey with the banana.
The child was forced to go to bed by 9:00, despite her many protestations.
The child was forced to go to bed by 9:00, despite his many protestations.
The child was full of curiosity.
The child was hiding behind a big tree.
The child was hiding in the box.
The child was hot with fever.
The child was incapable of understanding his father's death.
The child was incapable of understanding his father’s death.
The child was kidnapped by their parents.
The child was made a ward of the state.
The child was named Sophia after her grandmother.
The child was nearly run over by a car.
The child was pale and wan, but her healthy arms and legs showed that she had suffered less than her companion.
The child was paralyzed with fear.
The child was permitted two pieces of candy.
The child was playing with wooden blocks.
The child was pretending to sleep.
The child was punished.
The child was rescued from a burning house.
The child was rushed to the hospital after swallowing a crayon.
The child was scared to get into the water.
The child was scolded by his mother in the presence of others.
The child was scolded for breaking the silence during the prayer service.
The child was silent when he saw his mother.
The child was sleeping on its mothers lap.
The child was sleeping peacefully.
The child was sleeping sweetly.
The child was sleeping.
The child was sold to a pedophile pornography ring.
The child was stillborn.
The child was taken care of by him.
The child was the national treasure of the nation.
The child was told to apologize for being rude to the guests.
The child was very curious.
The child watched the animal with amusement.
The child watches television far too often.
The child who ate almost all this cake must be very fat.
The child who delights in her jack-in-the-box may have been terrified the first time the puppet-on-a-spring popped out.
The child who was caught stealing apples bravely faced the music in accepting his punishment.
The child who, say, from five to eight years old, can learn the game of chess will find it much easier than an adult to master the complexities of this game-science-art.
The child whose toy I am looking for, is my son.
The child will be circumcised when he reaches the age of eight.
The child will be eating chapatis.
The child will be six.
The child will eat chapatis.
The child will gradually learn this.
The child will learn this little by little.
The child woke up.
The child worked for him, going on errands.
The child wouldn't say 'yes'.
The child wouldn’t say ’yes’.
The child yawns.
The child's ball fell into the creek.
The child's behaviour and attitude towards his fellow students was exemplary.
The child's body felt feverish.
The child's clothes were in tatters.
The child's face glowed when he saw Santa Claus.
The child's face worked as she tried to keep back the tears.
The child's fear worried the parents.
The child's gaze pierced her heart.
The child's good health says a great deal for maternal care.
The child's nose is bleeding.
The child's pose is a resting pose.
The child's shout was indeed shrill.
The child, with sleepy eyes, was sitting on the bench.
The childminder cares for between one and three children.
The children all had gone to sleep before it got dark.
The children all have dysentery.
The children all ran outside.
The children already went to school.
The children always eat fufu.
The children always scare the living daylights out of me on Halloween.
The children amused themselves by playing games.
The children annoyed Tom with questions.
The children appear to be suffering from Kawasaki disease.
The children are afraid of Tom.
The children are afraid of her.
The children are afraid of him.
The children are afraid of me.
The children are afraid of them.
The children are afraid of us.
The children are afraid.
The children are all afraid of me.
The children are all excited.
The children are all fired up.
The children are all tired.
The children are allowed to wear their Halloween costumes to school for Halloween.
The children are already grown up.
The children are already tired.
The children are asleep upstairs.
The children are asleep.
The children are at play in the garden.
The children are at their granny's.
The children are beginning to get out of hand.
The children are believed to be suffering from Kawasaki disease.
The children are big.
The children are blowing bubbles.
The children are bouncing on the trampoline.
The children are brushing their teeth.
The children are building sand castles on the beach.
The children are called Tom and Mary.
The children are celebrating the boy's birthday.
The children are clamoring to go to the zoo.
The children are cleaning the bikes.
The children are cleaning their bikes.
The children are cold.
The children are coming from school.
The children are coming home from school.
The children are creating a painting.
The children are crying again.
The children are crying.
The children are doing their homework.
The children are downstairs.
The children are dreaming.
The children are eating apples.
The children are enjoying themselves on the merry-go-round.
The children are flying kites.
The children are full of energy.
The children are gathering firewood.
The children are giddy with excitement on Christmas morning.
The children are going to open their gifts.
The children are going to school by bus.
The children are going to the beach today.
The children are gone.
The children are growing tired.
The children are growing up really fast.
The children are happy.
The children are having a snack on the patio.
The children are having fun in the grass.
The children are having fun in the park.
The children are healthy.
The children are here, but where are the older people?
The children are home from school.
The children are hungry.
The children are in need of you.
The children are in the attic.
The children are in the truck.
The children are learning how to ride a bicycle.
The children are learning how to ride a bike.
The children are learning the multiplication tables by heart.
The children are learning to add and subtract.
The children are learning to tell the time.
The children are learning to tell time.
The children are lined up for the bus.
The children are listening attentively.
The children are listening to a record.
The children are looking for mushrooms and bringing them back to the house.
The children are looking for the afikomen.
The children are loved by their mother.
The children are making a lot of noise.
The children are making a snowman.
The children are mine.
The children are moving their toothbrushes as if they are cleaning their teeth, but they can't fool me.
The children are noisy.
The children are not at school today.
The children are not playing football in the park.
The children are not playing in the living room, but rather in the yard.
The children are not quiet at all.
The children are not to blame.
The children are on the left side of the house.
The children are our future.
The children are out playing in the snow.
The children are outside, playing football.
The children are outside, playing with the cat.
The children are playing catch in the field.
The children are playing football in the street.
The children are playing football on the field.
The children are playing hide-and-seek.
The children are playing in the garden.
The children are playing in the house yard.
The children are playing in the park.
The children are playing in the pool with a beach ball.
The children are playing in the sand.
The children are playing in the sandbox.
The children are playing in the schoolyard.
The children are playing in the snow.
The children are playing in the water.
The children are playing marbles.
The children are playing outdoors.
The children are playing outside the house.
The children are playing outside.
The children are playing soccer on the field.
The children are playing under the lime tree.
The children are playing with blocks.
The children are playing with legos.
The children are playing with the Bernese mountain dog.
The children are playing with the dog.
The children are playing with the toys.
The children are playing with toys.
The children are pretending to brush their teeth.
The children are pulling the sled up the hill.
The children are pulling the sledge up the hill.
The children are riding the carousel.
The children are riding the merry-go-round.
The children are riding their bikes.
The children are running.
The children are sacred.
The children are safe.
The children are scared.
The children are screaming again.
The children are shouting again.
The children are sick to their stomachs after drinking dirty pond water.
The children are singing around the camp fire.
The children are singing around the campfire.
The children are sleeping. Please don't be so noisy.
The children are sleeping. Please don’t be so noisy.
The children are so happy that you should just leave them here.
The children are still asleep, so don't make a racket.
The children are still awake, even though it is midnight.
The children are still awake.
The children are still playing in the sandbox.
The children are still small.
The children are supposed to be sleeping now.
The children are swimming in the pool.
The children are taking everything from art to music to physical education online.
The children are talking to their parents at this moment.
The children are talking.
The children are terrified.
The children are tired.
The children are upstairs asleep.
The children are very enthusiastic.
The children are very excited because their parents return from a month overseas tomorrow.
The children are visitors.
The children are well-behaved.
The children aren't allowed to drink wine.
The children aren't already asleep, are they?
The children aren't capable of weighing complicated things.
The children aren't here.
The children aren't in bed yet.
The children aren't in school today.
The children aren't playing football in the park.
The children aren’t asleep, are they?
The children asked where their father was.
The children at our primary school are taught solely in English.
The children ate a disgusting main course.
The children ate chocolate pudding for dessert.
The children ate first.
The children ate the bread that was left.
The children began to talk.
The children behaved quite well.
The children behaved well.
The children being hungry, I set about preparing tea.
The children blamed each other.
The children blow dandelions to see the seeds disperse on the wind.
The children broke the ancient urn.
The children built a sand castle on the beach.
The children built themselves a tree house.
The children called Tom a mama's boy.
The children came in one by one.
The children came out from the bedroom with a dildo.
The children can't sleep.
The children caught butterflies.
The children chanted, "Rain, rain go away. Come again another day."
The children chanted, "Rain, rain, go away. Come again another day."
The children chased after the circus parade.
The children chased each other round the house.
The children clamber over the fence.
The children clapped for him.
The children clung to her hands, looking up into her face, and would not let her take a step away from them.
The children collect seeds of various shapes and colours.
The children come first.
The children commemorate the centenary of the armistice.
The children competed with each other for their mother's attention.
The children continued to play, despite the warning.
The children couldn't contain their excitement.
The children cross several busy streets on their way to school.
The children danced around me and chanted, "Diabetes, diabetes, diabetes!"
The children didn't come because they were afraid of Tom.
The children didn't come near Tom because they were afraid of him.
The children didn't like the film.
The children didn't like the movie.
The children didn't seem to understand the instructions.
The children didn't seem to understand what Tom and Mary were saying.
The children didn't seem to understand what Tom was saying.
The children didn't want their parents to get divorced.
The children didn't want to play with Tom.
The children disliked their teacher.
The children do not want to sleep early.
The children do not work.
The children don't have school today.
The children don't know that.
The children don't want to play with Tom.
The children drew butterflies on the wall.
The children drew on the sidewalk with chalk.
The children drew pictures on the pavement with chalk.
The children drew pictures on the sidewalk with chalk.
The children drew something on the pavement with chalk.
The children eagerly awaited the cake at the birthday party.
The children eagerly gobbled up the cake.
The children eat.
The children enjoy drawing.
The children enjoy it.
The children enjoyed it.
The children entered the concert hall one after another.
The children exchanged presents at the Christmas party.
The children exchanged sweets.
The children failed to see the daisies dancing in the moonlight.
The children finished their homework.
The children formed a circle around their father.
The children found Christmas presents hidden under the bed.
The children found the Christmas presents hidden under the bed.
The children found the keys.
The children frolic in the meadow, chasing butterflies.
The children from the village would often gather up on top of the hill and from there watched the trucks and automobiles going back and forth to the city.
The children gather into groups to play.
The children gathered around where Tom was seated and watched him play his guitar.
The children giggled as the balloons burst.
The children go to school in the morning.
The children got lost at the campground.
The children got lost in the jungle.
The children got lost in the woods.
The children got presents.
The children got some presents.
The children got their hair color from their parents.
The children had ice cream at the shop.
The children had the benefit of a good upbringing.
The children had to cooperate to get their mother a present.
The children have a week's holiday over Whitsun.
The children have already gone to school.
The children have been instructed to take their places.
The children have been told off by their parents.
The children have blonde hair.
The children have everything they need.
The children have forgotten their homework.
The children have glow sticks.
The children have gone to school already.
The children have grown a lot in recent months.
The children have stomach aches because they drank dirty water from the pond.
The children have upset stomachs from drinking muddy pond water.
The children haven't studied division yet.
The children help out on the farm.
The children helped tend the crops, milk the cows, and feed the horses and chickens.
The children hide themselves behind the door.
The children in grades one to three, inclusive, in addition to studying the three R’s, spend thirty minutes each day learning to measure, fold, cut and weave paper.
The children in the house stood round the stove; for they wanted to see the paper burn.
The children in the neighborhood threw eggs at Tom's house every Halloween.
The children jumped off the pontoon into the lake.
The children kept quiet.
The children kicked the dry leaves into the air.
The children know what to do.
The children laughed and played in the meadow, chasing after butterflies.
The children laughed and screamed, and tumbled over each other, in their efforts to catch him; but luckily he escaped.
The children laughed as Gabriel waved his hat in the air.
The children laughed joyfully as they chased each other around the playground.
The children learned how knit.
The children learned how to knit.
The children left for camp this morning.
The children left.
The children like imitating their parents.
The children like to eat ice cream.
The children like to watch television.
The children listen to a record.
The children listened quietly as Tom read them a story.
The children look afraid.
The children look confused.
The children looked at me with tear-stained faces.
The children looked bored.
The children looked forward to the first snow that they might build a snowman.
The children looked happy.
The children looked interested.
The children looted the school.
The children love dogs.
The children love it.
The children love listening to fairy tales.
The children love listening to stories.
The children love playing in their new tree house, which they built themselves.
The children love to hear stories.
The children loved it.
The children made a circle around their father.
The children made a giant snowman.
The children made a small hole in the ground for their game of marbles.
The children made sculptures out of wire.
The children meet their friends.
The children need adult supervision.
The children need to go to bed immediately.
The children need you.
The children occupied the large and spacious classroom.
The children of Adam are limbs of each other, having been created of one essence. When the calamity of time afflicts one limb, the other limbs cannot remain at rest. If you have no sympathy for the troubles of others, you are not worthy to be called by the name of "man".
The children of American soldiers staying in Japan and Japanese women were disparagingly called half-breeds.
The children of Heth answered, saying: My lord, hear us, thou art a prince of God among us: bury thy dead in our principal sepulchres: and no man shall have power to hinder thee from burying thy dead in his sepulchre.
The children of the English language are creoles like Tok Pisin of Papua New Guinea. They could further development. If there would be a big war, people could become isolated and new pidgins and creoles would form from English.
The children on the beach are building a sand castle.
The children on the bus were shouting at the driver.
The children over there are Tom and Mary.
The children passed the ball between themselves.
The children picked those daffodils for their teacher.
The children play in the street.
The children play in the yard.
The children play outside every afternoon.
The children play the harp.
The children played ball.
The children played blind man's buff.
The children played energetically while their parents remained calm.
The children played in the ball pit.
The children played in the garden.
The children played in the mud with enthusiasm.
The children played in the mud, much to their parents' dismay.
The children played in the mud.
The children played in the park until sunset.
The children played in the park, laughing joyfully as they go hand-to-hand on the swings.
The children played in the snow.
The children played joyfully in the park all afternoon.
The children played joyfully in the park.
The children played on the monkey bars.
The children played outside until dark.
The children played quietly together.
The children played together.
The children played under the wet nurse's watchful eye.
The children played with magnets.
The children played with toy blocks.
The children played with wooden blocks.
The children quieted down.
The children ran and played in the park all day long.
The children ran away from Tom.
The children ran away from the angry Tom.
The children ran down the hill.
The children ran to hug their mothers.
The children ran to the house.
The children ran to their bedrooms.
The children ran toward the classroom.
The children ran up and down the stairs.
The children rarely go outside.
The children read a book.
The children received oranges for Christmas.
The children received presents.
The children received shoes for Christmas.
The children reluctantly got back into the car.
The children returned home at dusk.
The children rode a toboggan down the hill in the snowy weather.
The children rolled down the hill.
The children run towards the beach.
The children rushed to their father and started vying with each other to tell him what had happened.
The children said that you were here.
The children said that you're here.
The children sang songs.
The children sat around the campfire and listened to Tom tell ghost stories.
The children sat around the fire.
The children sat cross-legged around the fire.
The children sat in the first row. The adults sat in the back.
The children sat quietly.
The children say such amusing things.
The children screamed ebulliently, ripping off wrapping paper with abandon.
The children scribbled all over the fence.
The children seem to be already sleeping.
The children sense what is happening between the parents.
The children sense what's going on between the parents.
The children sent their Christmas lists to the North Pole with the hope that Santa would read them.
The children sent their letters to the North Pole, hoping that Santa Claus would read them.
The children served their mother breakfast in bed.
The children shared a pizza after school.
The children should go outside and play.
The children should not have played outside; the storm was too heavy.
The children shouted with joy.
The children showered me with questions.
The children sit cross-legged on the carpeted floor of a large auditorium, facing a saffron-robed swami in an easy chair who is rhythmically clinking small brass cymbals.
The children slid down the bank.
The children solved the problem for themselves.
The children soon became attached to their new teacher.
The children soon fell asleep.
The children soon fell into a sleep.
The children soon lost themselves in the game.
The children speak slowly.
The children speak very slowly.
The children spent a lot of time in the open air.
The children squealed with joy.
The children started bouncing up and down on the couch.
The children started in pairs.
The children started jumping on the sofa.
The children still chased Boris and attacked him relentlessly.
The children surrounded the old woman.
The children take care of that dog.
The children taunted Tom about his appearance.
The children thought that their parents were made of money.
The children threw snowballs at each other.
The children threw stones into the water.
The children told me they loved strawberry ice cream.
The children took off their shoes to walk around in the wading pool.
The children took their ice skates and made for the frozen pond.
The children tore open their presents.
The children tore their presents open.
The children trampled on the grass and the guard scolded them.
The children traveled from Salvador to Fortaleza.
The children treated the books roughly.
The children tried to catch snowflakes on their tongues.
The children tried to imitate their teacher.
The children trust and respect her.
The children turned the sofa into a sailing vessel.
The children understand everything.
The children use sugar.
The children wake me up early.
The children want candy.
The children want to go to the pool.
The children want to play outside.
The children want to play.
The children want you to read them a story.
The children wanted to be friends with Tom.
The children wanted to go out.
The children wanted to hear a scary story.
The children wanted to stay with Tom.
The children wash their legs.
The children washed their feet.
The children watched TV as Tom and Mary were cooking dinner.
The children watched TV as Tom was cooking dinner.
The children watched TV while Tom cooked dinner.
The children watched the squirrels.
The children waved their hands excitedly when Arnold Schwarzenegger entered the classroom.
The children waved their hands in delight as Gabriel made balloon animals.
The children waved their hands in excitement as Gabriel performed magic tricks.
The children wear short pants even in the winter.
The children went berserk.
The children went out to play.
The children went silent.
The children went to bed, but the grown-ups continued to party.
The children went to play in the park.
The children went to school in spite of the rain.
The children went to school on the bus.
The children went upstairs in single file.
The children were absorbed in their game.
The children were accorded permission to use the library.
The children were afraid of water and could not swim.
The children were all drawing pictures of animals.
The children were all ears when I was telling them the story.
The children were all tired and went to bed of their own accord.
The children were all well and looked happy.
The children were allowed to stay up till 10 p.m.
The children were always together.
The children were amusing themselves with dolls.
The children were as quiet as mice.
The children were asked to head straight home.
The children were asleep upstairs.
The children were assigned to sweep the room.
The children were barefoot.
The children were being very quiet.
The children were bored to death.
The children were bouncing around the house on space hoppers.
The children were busy preparing their lessons.
The children were chasing each other and laughing.
The children were chuffed with the beautiful presents they got.
The children were completely soaked.
The children were crouched on the floor in the corner of the room.
The children were delighted to see their grandparents whom they had not seen for quite a long time.
The children were delighted with the beautiful presents they received.
The children were desperate to see Tom.
The children were different from her.
The children were eager for their father's news.
The children were eager for their father’s news.
The children were eager to see Tom.
The children were enthralled by the fairy tale.
The children were excited about the upcoming excursion to the zoo.
The children were excited by the fireworks display.
The children were fed first.
The children were flying kites.
The children were gathering around.
The children were given free rein in the chocolate factory.
The children were going to make sport of her.
The children were happy to see their grandfather and grandmother, whom they hadn't seen for some time.
The children were howling with laughter.
The children were huddled about the fire in shivering groups.
The children were hungry and sick.
The children were hungry for affection.
The children were in their rooms sound asleep.
The children were insistent about our taking them to the movies.
The children were jumping up and down.
The children were laughing in unison.
The children were left to fend for themselves.
The children were listening to the teacher.
The children were looking forward to seeing Tom.
The children were loud and unruly.
The children were making a lot of noise.
The children were mending their butterfly nets.
The children were mending their butterfly-nets.
The children were mesmerized.
The children were messing around with the dog.
The children were misbehaving.
The children were most interested in the great white shark.
The children were much amused.
The children were nestled all snug in their beds, While visions of sugar-plums danced in their heads.
The children were never satisfied.
The children were noisy.
The children were not to blame for the accident.
The children were on the verge of crying.
The children were over the moon with the beautiful presents they were given.
The children were particularly quiet.
The children were playing about.
The children were playing at keeping house.
