He was careful enough to make his daughter promise not to go out after dark.
He was careful going down the stairs.
He was careful not to disrupt the meeting.
He was careful not to upset her.
He was careful to mention it in the letter.
He was careful when climbing the mountain.
He was careful.
He was carefully scrutinizing the man sitting in front of him.
He was careless as to leave the door open.
He was careless enough to get on the wrong train.
He was careless in handling his pistol.
He was careless.
He was carried away by the police.
He was carried away on a stretcher.
He was carried back to the camp.
He was carried by the waves away from the shore and out to sea.
He was carried off on a stretcher.
He was carrying an umbrella under his arm.
He was carrying eggs.
He was carrying her in his arms.
He was carrying his son on his back.
He was carrying trade goods from one town to another.
He was cast as Hamlet.
He was casually singing his favorite songs.
He was catapulted to international stardom.
He was caught by an undercover police officer.
He was caught by surprise.
He was caught by the police three days later trying to board a ferry to France with a suitcase containing £50,000.
He was caught by the police.
He was caught by the savages.
He was caught cheating in the exam.
He was caught cheating on the exam and got called on the carpet.
He was caught cheating on the exam and was expelled from school.
He was caught completely by surprise.
He was caught drink-driving.
He was caught fare-dodging by a ticket inspector.
He was caught for speeding.
He was caught in a similar situation.
He was caught in an ambush.
He was caught in the act of pickpocketing.
He was caught in the act of stealing.
He was caught in the clutches of the law.
He was caught in the middle.
He was caught in the rain without an umbrella.
He was caught in the very act of stealing it.
He was caught masturbating by his mother.
He was caught nicking sweets.
He was caught off guard when his wife announced they were going to have a baby.
He was caught parked in that spot.
He was caught pilfering sweets.
He was caught pinching sweets.
He was caught reading a comic book in class.
He was caught red handed.
He was caught red-handed.
He was caught running a red light.
He was caught sleeping on the job.
He was caught smoking in the rest room.
He was caught sneaking out of the room.
He was caught stealing apples.
He was caught stealing rations at the kitchen.
He was caught stealing.
He was caught trying to avoid getting arrested.
He was caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
He was caught with his pants down.
He was caught.
He was cautious about overeating.
He was cautious.
He was censored by a bunch of idiots.
He was certain he wouldn't like the news.
He was certain that he wouldn't like the news.
He was certainly enjoying himself.
He was challenged to a drinking contest.
He was charged a late fee.
He was charged and convicted of jewelry theft.
He was charged to continue this job.
He was charged with a secret mission.
He was charged with acquiring criminal property.
He was charged with and tried for jewel theft.
He was charged with assault and battery.
He was charged with conspiracy.
He was charged with drunken driving after he was involved in a car accident.
He was charged with indecent exposure.
He was charged with murder and sentenced to fifteen years in jail.
He was charged with premeditated murder.
He was charged with speeding.
He was charged with the crime of abusive language.
He was charged with treason.
He was charmed against all evil.
He was charming.
He was chased by a javalina, and he had to escape by climbing up a tree.
He was chased out of the neighborhood.
He was chased out of the palace.
He was chased.
He was chasing Linda.
He was chasing a group of burglars.
He was chasing the kids around the clearing.
He was chatting with his friend Jesse Jackson about the meeting that night.
He was cheated into accepting the forged check.
He was cheated of 100 yen.
He was cheated out of his rightful inheritance.
He was cheated when he bought a car.
He was cheated.
He was cheating on Skura, too.
He was cheating on her.
He was cheating on me.
He was cheating on you, too.
He was cheating.
He was checking a ticket.
He was checking the mailbox.
He was checking the tunnel.
He was checking you out.
He was cheered by the good news.
He was cheerful.
He was cheering.
He was chilled to the bone.
He was chilling in the basement as usual.
He was chilling.
He was choked by the smoke which filled the room.
He was chopping the onions.
He was chosen by God to do this work.
He was chosen by election.
He was chosen captain.
He was chosen out of a number of applicants.
He was chosen randomly.
He was chosen to be a member of the team.
He was chosen.
He was christened John.
He was chubby and plump, a right jolly old elf, And I laughed when I saw him, in spite of myself.
He was chubby and plump, a right jolly old elf.
He was circumcised.
He was claiming the opposite.
He was clapping like a maniac.
He was clapping.
He was clean shaven.
He was clean.
He was cleaning a public washroom.
He was cleaning his room.
He was cleared of all charges and released yesterday.
He was clearly angling for a reduction on his rent.
He was clearly embarrassed.
He was clearly hiding something.
He was clearly in trouble.
He was clearly letting his wife lead the conversation.
He was clearly one of us, a human being, and thereby a further proof that all of the human race are made in the image and likeness of God.
He was clearly upset.
He was clever to leave so early.
He was clever.
He was climbing slowly over the fence.
He was climbing the monkey bars.
He was close to losing his cool.
He was closely occupied with his writing.
He was closing the gate.
He was clueless.
He was coarse in his habits and brutish in his ways.
He was coerced into helping the thieves.
He was cold.
He was collecting as many water bottles as he could.
He was coming back Sunday.
He was coming back from a club in Algiers.
He was coming back.
He was coming from the south.
He was coming from work.
He was coming out of the mall.
He was coming to Kabylie.
He was coming to the airport to meet Mr West.
He was compelled by circumstances.
He was compelled to resign on account of ill health.
He was compelled to resort to violence.
He was compelled to sign the contract.
He was compensated with chocolate.
He was complaining about a teacher.
He was complaining of back pain.
He was completely absent-minded.
He was completely absorbed in his book.
He was completely absorbed in his work.
He was completely absorbed in the book.
He was completely alone; there wasn't a soul about.
He was completely alone; there wasn't a soul who lived in the vicinity.
He was completely black and was therefore called Tango the Black Cat.
He was completely cleared of the charge against him.
He was completely disoriented.
He was completely engrossed in the book.
He was completely fagged out.
He was completely flabbergasted.
He was completely honest.
He was completely in a trance.
He was completely mistaken.
He was completely naked.
He was completely obsessed with Berber.
He was completely obsessed with the Berber language.
He was completely pissed.
He was completely silent.
He was completely sloshed.
He was completely smeared all over the ground.
He was completely smitten.
He was completely taken aback.
He was completely taken in by the story.
He was completely thrilled when Maria proposed to him.
He was completely tired from walking all day.
He was completely unashamed.
He was completely worn out.
He was completely wrecked after the long night of studying.
He was completely wrecked.
He was completely wrong.
He was concerned about the situation spiralling out of control.
He was condemned to death.
He was condemned to the guillotine.
He was confident of his antibodies.
He was confined to a bed for three months.
He was confined to bed by a nasty dose of flu.
He was confounded at the sight of the teacher.
He was confronted with some difficulties.
He was confronted with the evidence.
He was confused by a sudden question.
He was confused by something, as though he wasn't used to this kind of restaurant, but I stayed clear of him by pretending that I, too, wasn't used to the restaurant.
He was confused by the abrupt question.
He was confused when it came to choosing the right way.
He was confused.
He was confusing the students.
He was conscious of her presence.
He was conscious of his mistake.
He was conscripted by force.
He was considered an accomplice.
He was considered an extraordinarily gifted pianist.
He was considered to be an accomplice.
He was considered very qualified for the job.
He was conspicuous by his absence.
He was conspicuous in his suit.
He was constantly borrowing money from me.
He was constantly bullied at school.
He was constantly butting heads with her.
He was constantly cheating on my mother.
He was constantly getting invited to global events.
He was constantly hesitating.
He was constantly looking at his watch.
He was constituted representative of the party.
He was consumed by remorse.
He was contemplating the fabulous view.
He was contemplating the water of the pond.
He was contemporary with Shakespeare.
He was content.
He was controlling every single aspect of her life.
He was converted from Buddhism to Christianity.
He was converted from his licentious living.
He was convicted and sentenced to death.
He was convicted in absentia.
He was convicted of drink-driving.
He was convicted of fraud.
He was convicted of larceny.
He was convicted of murder.
He was convicted of treason.
He was convicted on some damning evidence.
He was convicted on trumped up charges.
He was convicted.
He was convinced of the necessity of learning it.
He was convinced of the need to learn it.
He was convinced that he could make a success of the weekly magazine in the long run.
He was convinced that if he never talked about death, his time would never come.
He was convinced that she really loved him.
He was cool about it.
He was cool at the time.
He was cool in the crisis.
He was cool.
He was copying Michael Jackson.
He was copying Steven Seagal.
He was cornered.
He was correct.
He was coughing up a lot of blood, so I called for an ambulance.
He was counted as lost.
He was court-martialed for dereliction of duty.
He was court-martialled and sentenced to death.
He was covered all over with paint.
He was covered all over with white paint.
He was covered in a big pile of slime.
He was covered in mud from head to foot.
He was covered in mud from head to toe.
He was covered in snow.
He was covered in tattoos.
He was covered with bruises.
He was covered with mud from head to foot.
He was covered with mud.
He was covered with sweat.
He was covered.
He was cowed by her intelligence.
He was cracking nuts.
He was crafty.
He was cranky.
He was crawling on the ground.
He was crazy after her.
He was crazy.
He was cream-crackered.
He was created a peer.
He was created in some secret basement.
He was creative.
He was cremated in Spain and his ashes were spread in Algeria.
He was cremated.
He was crippled by the accident.
He was critical of me.
He was criticized for raising taxes.
He was criticized for voicing such a controversial opinion.
He was cross with his student.
He was crossing the Atlantic on a small sailing boat.
He was crossing the street.
He was crouching.
He was crowned with eternal victory.
He was cruel.
He was crushed to death.
He was crushed.
He was crying bitter tears of despair.
He was crying his eyes out.
He was crying unashamedly.
He was crying with hunger.
He was crying with pain when he broke his leg.
He was crying.
He was cuffed to the bed.
He was cured of his bad habits.
He was cured of his drinking habit.
He was cured of his heavy drinking.
He was curious about how it would taste, so he took a small bite.
He was curious about why she had done it.
He was curious about why she had done that.
He was curious as to who had left the package.
He was curious to know her secret.
He was curious to know what, exactly, she missed about him.
He was curious to see the inside.
He was curious.
He was curled up in the fetal position.
He was cursing the road.
He was cursing under his breath.
He was cursing.
He was cussing her out.
He was cussing in the video.
He was cut down in his prime.
He was cute.
He was damn hot.
He was dancing at work.
He was dancing on her grave.
He was dancing on his stepmother's grave.
He was dancing on the beach.
He was dancing very well.
He was dancing with her.
He was dancing with the bride.
He was dancing.
He was dating a Kabyle girl at the time.
He was dating a Kabyle girl from Algeria.
He was dating a Kabyle girl.
He was dating a Muslim girl.
He was dating a girl from Kabylie.
He was dating a very beautiful Algerian girl from Kabylie.
He was dating a very beautiful Kabyle girl.
He was dating a very pretty Algerian girl from Kabylie.
He was dating a very pretty Kabyle girl.
He was dating a woman almost as old as his mother.
He was dazed by a blow to the head.
He was dazzled by her beauty.
He was dazzled by her good looks.
He was dazzled by the bright light.
He was dazzled by the intensity of the light.
He was dead on his feet.
He was dead tired.
He was dead wrong.
He was dead.
He was deaf to all arguments.
He was deaf to my pleas.
He was deaf, too.
He was deaf.
He was dealt a deadly blow.
He was deathly afraid of Barbies.
He was deathly tired.
He was debarred from entering the club.
He was deceived by her apparent friendliness.
He was deceived by her innocent appearance.
He was deceived by the late night television shopping network and paid high prices.
He was declared bankrupt.
He was declared dead.
He was declared guilty.
He was declared insolvent.
He was decreed to pay the fine.
He was dedicated.
He was deep in debt and had to part with his house.
He was deep in debt, and had to part with his house.
He was deep in slumber.
He was deep in the jungle.
He was deep in thought.
He was deeply agitated by the news.
He was deeply in debt. And he and his family skipped town.
He was deeply moved by the story.
He was deeply moved.
He was deeply shocked.
He was deeply touched by the story.
He was deeply upset.
He was defeated by the fly swatter.
He was defeated.
He was defending himself.
He was defiant.
He was delayed.
He was delicate as a child.
He was delighted after he visited his wife in the train station.
He was delighted at the result.
He was delighted at the story.
He was delighted to know I had passed the exam.
He was delighted to see her.
He was delighted to see you.
He was delighted.
He was delirious.
He was demeaning himself.
He was demoted in rank.
He was demoted to the rank of lieutenant.
He was demoted.
He was denied asylum.
He was denied that pleasure.
He was denounced as a coward.
He was dependent on contribution for a part of capital.
He was deported from Algeria.
He was deported.
He was depressed and decided to commit suicide.
He was depressed.
He was deprived of his civil rights.
He was described as an extraordinarily passionless man.
He was described as an unusually passionless person.
He was deserted by his friends.
He was desperate to defend his reputation.
He was desperate to escape.
He was desperate to get married.
He was desperate to kiss her.
He was desperate.
He was desperately trying to flee the area.
He was desperately trying to put the fire out.
He was desperately unhappy.
He was despondent over the turn of events.
He was destined for greatness.
He was destined never to meet her again.
He was destined never to see his wife again.
He was destined to become a great musician.
He was destined to become a simultaneous interpreter.
He was detained as a suspect.
He was detained by the police.
He was detained for questioning.
He was detained in Algeria.
He was detained.
He was detected in the very act of stealing.
He was determined never to meet her again.
He was determined to build a better life.
He was determined to catch the fish.
He was determined to find a way to the generator.
He was determined to finish the work at any cost.
He was determined to get off the ship at the next port.
He was determined to go abroad.
He was determined to go back to Algeria.
He was determined to go, so I decided to do my best to help him.
He was determined to make Skura's life hell.
He was determined to pass that test.
He was determined to win her heart.
He was determined to win her love.
He was determined, and we couldn't bend him.
He was determined, and we couldn’t bend him.
He was devastated by his disappointment.
He was devastated.
He was devastatingly blunt.
He was devious.
He was devoid of human feeling.
He was devoted to medical science.
He was devoted.
He was devoured alive by a lion.
He was devoured by a tiger.
He was devoured by the flames.
He was devouring her body.
He was devoutly Muslim.
He was diabolically intelligent.
He was diagnosed with ADHD this summer.
He was diagnosed with a disease that is very rare.
He was diagnosed with a muscular disease.
He was diagnosed with a rare disease.
He was diagnosed with pneumonia after contracting the coronavirus.
He was different.
He was digging a tunnel.
He was digging.
He was dirty and ugly, half-frozen and half-starved; he always looked as if he never had enough to eat, which was really the case.
He was dirty.
He was disappointed about the result.
He was disappointed at not being invited.
He was disappointed by the result.
He was disappointed in her.
He was disappointed that his expectations were not met.
He was disappointed that his name wasn't mentioned.
He was disappointed that things didn't turn out as he'd hoped.
He was disappointed that things didn’t turn out as he’d hoped.
He was disappointed to hear the news.
He was disappointed with the Nation of Islam.
He was disappointed, wasn't he?
He was disappointed.
He was discharged from the army.
He was disciplined for his wrongdoing.
He was disconsolate.
He was discouraged to hear that.
He was discovered unconscious on the floor of the kitchen.
He was discreet.
He was disfiguring himself.
He was disloyal.
He was dismissed by the boss of the factory.
He was dismissed by the company for a misconduct.
He was dismissed from his job.
He was dismissed from his post.
He was dismissed of the grounds that he was idle.
He was dismissed on the grounds that he was lazy.
He was dismissed without notice.
He was dismissed, simply because he failed to work as hard as possible.
He was dispatched to Algeria.
He was dispensed from all responsibilities of the president.
He was displeased at her rude behavior.
He was displeased with his neighbor.
He was displeased with my coming.
He was disqualified after a false start.
He was disqualified from taking part in the contest.
He was disqualified from the competition.
He was disrespectful, wasn't he?
He was disrespectful.
He was disrespecting Mina.
He was dissatisfied with Islam.
He was dissatisfied with the service at the hotel where he stayed.
He was distracted by the beautiful girl.
He was distraught.
He was disturbed.
He was diving for abalone off Cape Howe south of Sydney when a 3-meter great white shark attacked.
He was divorced.
He was dizzy.
He was doing Internet porn with a prostitute.
He was doing Internet porn with his classmates.
He was doing Internet porn with his co-workers.
He was doing Internet porn with his girlfriend.
He was doing Internet porn with his sister.
He was doing OK.
He was doing absolutely nothing but staring at his cell phone.
He was doing carwheels.
He was doing chemistry experiments.
He was doing cocaine.
He was doing drugs.
He was doing everything in Berber.
He was doing everything right.
He was doing her a favour.
He was doing her a good turn.
He was doing his best not to think about her any more.
He was doing his best.
He was doing his job on the computer.
He was doing more than a hundred kilometers per hour.
He was doing really well in the preseason, but that was it.
He was doing shit.
He was doing some homework.
He was doing something.
He was doing that to cover his nervousness.
He was doing that.
He was doing the ablutions.
He was doing the dishes.
He was doing this.
He was doing undercover work for the police.
He was doing very well in every subject.
He was doing well in every subject, except Berber.
He was doing what he loved.
He was done, but Skura wasn't.
He was doomed to life-long poverty.
He was doomed to repeat the cycle.
He was doomed.
He was doubtful about which way to take.
He was doubtful at first but soon came to embrace my advice.
He was down the shore.
He was down there.
He was down.
He was drafted into the army.
He was dragged along by the current.
He was dragged onto the boat.
He was dragged to the basement.
He was dragged to the bottom of the sea.
He was dragged to the bottom.
He was dragged to the cell.
He was drawing in the living room.
He was drawing.
He was drawn to her.
He was dreaming.
He was drenched by the rain.
He was dressed all in fur, from his head to his foot, And his clothes were all tarnished with ashes and soot; A bundle of toys he had flung on his back, And he looked like a peddler just opening his pack.
He was dressed down in public.
He was dressed in a dark suit at the meeting.
He was dressed in a minister's garb.
He was dressed in an old coat that had seen better days.
He was dressed in black.
He was dressed in blue.
He was dressed in khaki pants tucked into mud-flecked black gumboots, his torso swallowed up by a silver-grey suit jacket that was several sizes too large for his featherweight frame.
He was dressed in khaki.
He was dressed in rags.
He was dressed.
He was drinking coffee.
He was drinking the beer.
He was drinking.
He was driven by revenge.
He was driven to the last extremity.
He was driving a car along the street.
He was driving a huge truck.
He was driving a new red convertible.
He was driving a rust bucket on wheels.
He was driving at over 120 kph when the accident happened.
He was driving fast.
He was driving her over to her mother's house.
He was driving me to work.
He was driving on the edge of a precipice.
He was driving on the freeway.
He was driving on the motorway.
He was driving the car at full speed.
He was driving the car in one rainy evening.
He was driving through a tunnel.
He was driving to the mosque.
He was driving to the next town.
He was driving towards Tazmalt.
He was driving under the influence of alcohol.
He was driving.
He was drooling.
He was dropped because of his running mate.
He was dropped from the team because of an injury.
He was dropped from the team for using drugs.
He was drowned.
He was drowning.
He was drugged.
He was drunk and angry.
He was drunk and forgot to shut the back door.
He was drunk and his speech was thick.
He was drunk and slurring his words.
He was drunk as a lord.
He was drunk as a skunk.
He was drunk on beer.
He was drunk out of his mind.
He was drunk the last time I saw him.
He was drunk with joy.
He was drunk, that's why he broke everything in his house.
He was drunk.
He was drying off after a shower.
He was dubious.
He was dumped by his girlfriend.
He was dumped.
He was duped by being fed false information.
He was dutiful.
He was dying to kiss her.
He was dying to see Justin Bieber.
He was dying.
He was eager for news.
He was eager for recognition.
He was eager to display his new bicycle to his friends.
He was eager to have his money back.
He was eager to impress her.
He was eager to join the elite unit of paratroopers.
He was eager to reach the secret chamber.
He was eager to return to school in September.
He was eager to see her again.
He was eager to show off his new bicycle to his friends.
He was eager to tie the knot.
He was eager to try on the blue shirt.
He was eager.
He was early for his appointment.
He was early.
He was easily able to solve the problem.
He was easily deceived and gave her some money.
He was easily influenced.
He was eaten alive by wide animals.
He was eaten by a crocodile.
He was eaten by a dragon.
He was eaten by a lion.
He was eaten up with guilt.
He was eating a bologna sandwich.
He was eating a giant muffin.
He was eating a sandwich.
He was eating by himself at a corner table.
He was eating couscous at a restaurant.
He was eating frozen yogurt.
He was eating good, fresh, fragrant bread.
He was eating junk food.
He was eating like a horse.
He was eating the food off the trash.
He was eating the ice cream.
He was eating the peanuts off the floor.
He was eating tomatoes.
He was eating.
He was eavesdropping.
He was ecstatic.
He was edged out of office by a group of younger men.
He was educated at Oxford.
He was educated at a public school.
He was educated at a state school.
He was educated by her grandfather.
He was educated by his grandfather.
He was educated in Algeria.
He was educating me about Islam.
He was egging an innocent young man on to join him in his crooked deal.
He was eighty-seven years old at the time.
He was eighty-two years old and feeling his age.
He was either aspiring to become a Russian agent or was in fact a Russian agent.
He was elected a member of parliament.
He was elected an official by the inhabitants of this town.
He was elected as chairman from among many candidates.
He was elected as the ninth representative of Mozilla Bangladesh.
He was elected captain of the team.
He was elected chairman of the caucus in 2002.
He was elected chairman of the committee.
He was elected chairman.
He was elected earlier this year.
He was elected governor of Texas in 1994.
He was elected mayor again.
He was elected mayor of Boston.
He was elected mayor of the city.
He was elected mayor.
He was elected president of the association.
He was elected president with the overwhelming majority of votes.
He was elected president.
He was elected the best player in the championship.
He was elected to Parliament in 1970.
He was elected to the Senate in 2008.
He was elected to the Senate in the last election.
He was elected to the committee.
He was elected with a slim margin.
He was elected.
He was electrocuted while playing the electric harp.
He was eliminated before he got to the finals.
He was embarrassed by the incident.
He was embarrassed in front of everybody.
He was embarrassed to tell her the didn't know anything about Islam.
He was embarrassed when I insisted on reading the criticism of his new book.
He was embarrassed when I insisted that he read the criticism of his new book.
He was embarrassed.
He was employed by the day.
He was employed writing letter.
He was enamored of the girl.
He was encircled by a crowd of reporters.
He was encouraged by a professor from his college days.
He was encouraged by his success.
He was encouraged to convert to Islam.
He was encouraged to start a YouTube channel.
He was encouraging her.
He was endowed with great talents.
He was engaged in a long argument.
He was engaged in biological research.
He was engaged in making a telescope.
He was engaged in medical research.
He was enjoying himself to his heart's content.
He was enjoying himself to his heart’s content.
He was enjoying his life in Algeria.
He was enjoying life in Kabylie.
He was enjoying the evening air.
He was enjoying the sunshine filtering through the branches.
He was enraged beyond belief.
He was enraged that another teacher would get that post.
He was entirely free of his worry.
He was entranced by her beauty.
He was entranced with joy.
He was entrusted with the sales of computers.
He was envious of her way of living.
He was envious of his friend's promotion.
He was envious of his friend’s promotion.
He was envious of his way of living.
He was equal to the job.
He was equipped for a trip.
He was escorted out of the stadium.
He was escorted to the door.
He was escorted to the infirmary.
He was escorted to the prison.
He was established as Foreign Minister.
He was established as Foreign minister.
He was evasive.
He was even more confused than I was.
He was eventually prevailed upon to accept the appointment.
He was eventually pulled into that negativity.
He was eventually sentenced to five years in prison for that violent crime.
He was every inch a gentleman.
He was every inch a king.
He was every inch a nice man.
He was everything to me.
He was evicted from his apartment.
He was evicted from the apartment.
He was evicted.
He was evidently surprised when he came across me.
He was evidently unconscious, doubtless in an anaesthetised sleep.
He was evil.
He was examined by a doctor.
He was exasperated by the pain.
He was excited by nationalistic sentiment.
He was excited to be having a little brother.
He was excited to be working in Algeria.
He was excited to see the beautiful scenery.
He was excited.
He was excluded from the club for infractions of the rules.
He was excluded from the club.
He was excluded from the society.
He was excluded from the team.
He was excommunicated for serving the Eucharist in highball glasses.
He was excommunicated.
He was excused by reason of his age.
He was excused from the remainder of the work.
He was excused on the ground that he was young.
He was executed as a spy.
He was executed at dawn.
He was executed in North Korea.
He was executed without trial for having committed no crime, but because he was mentally ill and Black, conservatives rallied to the side of his murderer.
He was executed, taken to a secret location and cremated.
He was executed.
He was exhausted by the journey.
He was exhausted from his long march.
He was exhausted from war.
He was exhausted when he got home.
He was exhausted, going straight to bed.
He was exhausted.
He was exiled for having criticised the regime.
He was exiled from his country.
He was exiled from his own country.
He was exiled from the kingdom.
He was exiled to an island for the crime of high treason.
He was exonerated.
He was expected to make a decision.
He was expecting gifts.
He was expecting her to come by herself.
He was expecting his dad to come from France.
He was expecting his new life in Algeria to be easy.
He was expecting to see her before he left town.
He was expelled from Karima's class.
He was expelled from school for fighting.
He was expelled from school.
He was expelled from the CPA association.
He was expelled from the school for rude manners.
He was expelled from the school.
He was experienced in business.
He was explaining that.
He was explaining the plot to his friends.
He was explicit in his instruction.
He was explicit on the point.
He was exploring Islam.
He was exploring the Quran.
He was exposed to Islam.
He was exposed to danger.
He was exposed to dangerous levels of radiation.
He was exposed to many dangers.
He was extradited to Algeria.
He was extraordinarily handsome.
He was extraordinarily important in your life.
He was extreme right-wing.
He was extremely good-looking.
He was extremely happy at having successfully solved the problem.
He was extremely mad at him.
He was extremely skinny.
He was extremely thin.
He was extremely worried for you.
He was fabulously wealthy.
He was face to face with his enemy at last.
He was faced with a tragedy far greater than himself.
He was facing the TV cameras.
He was failing most of his classes.
He was fair and delicate as a prince, and beautiful as an angel; and how she loved this child!
He was fair-haired and fair-complexioned, yet not insipid looking, for his eyes were deeply blue, or at least appeared so, thanks to their bordering of dark eyelashes.
He was fair.
He was fairly caught in the trap.
He was fairly tired.
He was fake lifting heavy weights.
He was faking.
He was falling asleep on the couch.
He was falsely accused.
He was familiar with a good portion of that airport.
He was familiar with that smell.
He was familiar with the roads of Tokyo.
He was famished.
He was famous during his long life and his work was very popular.
He was famous for his marathon speeches in parliament.
He was famous.
He was far ahead of his time.
He was far before his time.
He was far from clever in his school days.
He was far from robust.
He was far from thankful to his former teacher.
He was far in advance of his days.
He was fascinated by Islam.
He was fascinated by the Berber language.
He was fascinated with her beauty.
He was fast asleep.
He was fast.
He was faster than the subway.
He was fasting.
He was fat the last time I saw him.
He was fat.
He was fatally injured by a giraffe.
He was fearless.
He was fed up with having to repeat himself all the time.
He was fed up with life in the city.
He was feeling for the light switch in the dark.
He was feeling good.
He was feeling it, too.
He was feeling perfectly fine when I examined him.
He was feeling so guilty.
He was feeling weak.
He was feeling well.
He was fiddling with the phone.
He was fifty-four when he died.
He was fighting for his life in the back of an ambulance.
He was fighting for survival.
He was fighting her.
He was fighting regardless of his wound.
He was fighting.
He was filled with anxiety about his wife's return.
He was filled with anxiety about his wife’s return.
He was filled with confidence.
He was filled with jealousy.
He was filled with remorse.
He was filled with shock.
He was filled with wonder.
He was filming the fight.
He was finally arrested.
He was finally forced to resign.
He was finally freed from prison.
He was finally living his life the way he wanted to.
He was financially well-off.
He was fine.
He was fined 10000 yen.
He was fined 5000 yen for illegal parking.
He was fined five pounds for drunken driving.
He was fined for going through a red light.
He was fined for illegal parking.
He was fined for running a red light.
He was fined for speeding.
He was fined.
He was finished.
He was finishing dinner with his wife when he decided to call his brother.
He was fired a few days ago.
He was fired against his will.
He was fired by the school.
He was fired for being an incompetent worker.
He was fired for stealing.
He was fired from his job.
He was fired from the coffee shop.
He was fired on the grounds that he was lazy.
He was fired on the spot.
He was fired without notice.
He was fired, effective immediately.
He was fired.
He was first among equals.
He was first elected to Congress in 1948.
He was first elected to the Senate in 1984.
He was first in line.
He was first subjected to a preliminary test with the new electronic breathalyzer before he was sent for a laboratory test.
He was first.
He was fishing on Lake Michigan.
He was fishing.
He was fixed in admiration.
He was fixing his bicycle.
He was flabbergasted.
He was flaxen-haired and handsome, in a washed-out negative fashion, with frightened blue eyes, and a clean-shaven face, with a weak, sensitive mouth.
He was flirting with her mother.
He was floored by my argument.
He was flown to hospital by helicopter.
He was fluent in Berber before he left for Algeria.
He was fluent in Berber.
He was flushed with excitement.
He was flying down the road.
He was flying.
He was foaming at the mouth.
He was focused on learning Berber.
He was focused on staying in shape.
He was focused.
He was focusing his attention on a young girl.
He was folding his towels.
He was folding the towels.
He was following Mina.
He was following diplomatic protocol.
He was following her tracks.
He was following him.
He was following his heart.
He was following them.
He was fooled.
He was foolish enough to believe her.
He was foolish enough to believe it.
He was foolish enough to believe what she said.
He was foolish to agree to the plan.
He was foolish.
He was forbidden from discussing the deal with anyone else.
He was forbidden to speak.
He was forced into unemployment.
He was forced to buy stocks.
He was forced to confess.
He was forced to drop the plan.
He was forced to go back because of the bad weather.
He was forced to go there.
He was forced to live in North Korea.
He was forced to look for a new room to rent.
He was forced to make that decision.
He was forced to resign as prime minister.
He was forced to resign.
He was forced to restructure his business in 2012 after a legal battle broke out within the family.
He was forced to return to Algeria.
He was forced to return to Washington.
He was forced to sell his farm.
He was forced to sign the document.
He was forced to sign the paper.
He was forced to work more than five hours on end.
He was forced to work overtime.
He was forced to work part-time to study abroad.
He was forced to work.
He was forgiven.
He was fortunate enough to catch the train.
He was fortunate to find the book he had lost.
He was fortunate to pass the exam.
He was fostered twice.
He was fouled by Leonardo Bonucci earning a free kick.
He was found alive.
He was found dead in his bed.
He was found dead in his garage.
He was found dead in his office.
He was found dead in his room.
He was found dead in the bathtub.
He was found drinking in the cockpit.
He was found guilty by an Algerian court.
He was found guilty of attempted murder for attacking his mother with a knife.
He was found guilty of handling stolen goods.
He was found guilty of murder.
He was found guilty.
He was found hacked to death.
He was found in a dark hallway.
He was found lying unconscious on the kitchen floor.
He was found mysteriously murdered.
He was found unconscious in a parked car.
He was fourteen at the time.
He was framed by his wife.
He was framed for murder.
He was framed on a murder charge.
He was framed.
He was frank.
He was frantic.
He was freaking the hell out.
He was free.
He was freezing, so he shivered with cold.
He was freezing.
He was friendly to her.
He was friendly.
He was frightened at the sight.
He was frightened by the sight.
He was from Algeria.
He was from Algiers.
He was from Texas or thereabout.
He was from a different country where dogs were not allowed in the cities because they were deemed "land sharks."
He was from the Eastern European Galicia, not the Spanish one.
He was frozen to death.
He was frozen to the spot.
He was frustrated.
He was frying pancakes in a cast iron pan.
He was full of adventure.
He was full of hatred.
He was full.
He was fully clothed.
He was fully fluent in Berber.
He was fully occupied with his writing.
He was fumbling in his lap.
He was fuming.
He was fun.
He was funny.
He was furious and she quailed before him.
He was furious at his neighbor for allowing their dog to run into his yard.
He was furious with Skura.
He was furious with his son.
He was furious with me.
He was furious with the nanny.
He was furious.
He was fussy.
He was gagged before he could give the alarm, and tied down upon the bed.
He was gagging uncontrollably from the pain.
He was gaining weight.
He was gasping for breath as he ran.
He was gazing at her breasts.
He was generous.
He was gentle.
He was genuinely confused.
He was genuinely worried about her.
He was getting a hard on.
He was getting bored being on the ship.
He was getting bullied at school.
He was getting fostered for the third time.
He was getting impatient.
He was getting increasingly anxious.
He was getting into trouble.
He was getting naked.
He was getting nearer to the cliff.
He was getting old.
He was getting ready to chop the tree down.
He was getting ready to go to work.
He was getting straight As.
He was getting up.
He was getting what he wanted.
He was getting worse and worse.
He was getting younger.
He was gifted as a child.
He was giggling.
He was given Algerian nationality.
He was given a BMW.
He was given a beautiful home.
He was given a blood transfusion.
He was given a book about Islam.
He was given a book by me.
He was given a chance.
He was given a detention for being out after curfew.
He was given a diplomatic passport in 2004.
He was given a gold medal for his achievements.
He was given a gold watch as a reward.
He was given a gold watch by the teacher.
He was given a hundred bucks.
He was given a life sentence, but he escaped from prison after only serving a year.
He was given a lot of money.
He was given a tip three weeks ago that two companies would merge.
He was given a tour of the school.
He was given ample payment for the work.
He was given an envelope full of cash.
He was given an evasive answer.
He was given an excellent seat because he arrived first.
He was given an important assignment.
He was given an important mission.
He was given away by his eyes.
He was given detention for talking during class.
He was given instructions.
He was given more time.
He was given some extra credit.
He was given something to drink.
He was given ten years and his wife three.
He was given the benefit of the doubt.
He was given the books as gifts.
He was given the finest education that money could buy.
He was given the money.
He was given the sack.
He was given three ships by the queen.
He was given to drinking and ruined his health.
He was given up for dead.
He was given up on by the doctors.
He was given whetever help he needed.
He was giving a speech at the park.
He was giving a speech.
He was giving her advice.
He was giving me dawah.
He was glad at about the good news.
He was glad he didn't have to live there for more than a year.
He was glad he got there early.
He was glad that I was in the mosque.
He was glad that for once he had not listened.
He was glad that she was gone.
He was glad the peace treaty was signed.
He was glad to avail himself of any means to succeed in life.
He was glad to hear about the good news.
He was glad to help that old lady.
He was glued to the screen.
He was gobsmacked by that.
He was going accept the offer, but thought better of it.
He was going away to tennis camp for a few weeks.
He was going back to Kabylie to spend Ramadan with his family.
He was going back to the living room.
He was going on a cruise.
He was going on a field trip.
He was going on an expedition.
He was going shopping downtown Algiers.
He was going to Algeria with Skura.
He was going to Algiers to find romance.
He was going to Algiers.
He was going to Kabylie to see his distant family.
He was going to Kabylie, Algeria.
He was going to a party.
He was going to accept the offer, but thought better of it.
He was going to ascend to the throne.
He was going to ask her to marry him.
He was going to ask her.
He was going to be hospitalized in Algeria.
He was going to be invited.
He was going to be put in the foster system.
He was going to be transferred there, but they decided to fire him instead.
He was going to clean up his room.
He was going to collect firewood.
He was going to do a parachute jump, but he panicked at the last minute.
He was going to do that himself.
He was going to eat the donuts.
He was going to enter the art contest.
He was going to go to London, but in the end he wasn't able to.
He was going to have lunch.
He was going to hit me!
He was going to leave the house when she came.
He was going to phone her, but then got cold feet.
He was going to ring her, but then got cold feet.
He was going to ring in ten minutes, but that was half an hour ago.
He was going to ring in ten minutes. That was half an hour ago.
He was going to run away but he had lost his shoes!
He was going to school.
He was going to send a letter to Japan.
He was going to telephone her, but then got cold feet.
He was going to tell him.
He was going to the cafeteria.
He was going to the hospital three days a week for treatment.
He was going to the mosque less and less.
He was going to the police station.
He was going to this mosque.
He was going twenty over the limit.
He was gone for a very long period.
He was gone without a trace.
He was gone.
He was good and drunk.
He was good and mad by that time.
He was good at his job.
He was good at singing.
He was good at this game.
He was good-looking.
He was good.
He was goofing off in school.
He was grabbing her shirt.
He was graduating middle school.
He was granted a pension.
He was granted admission to the university.
He was granted permanent residency in Paraguay.
He was granted permission to go home early.
He was granted permission to leave early.
He was granted permission to visit the prisoners.
He was grateful for your help.
He was grateful in his last days because I helped him.
He was grateful.
He was gray, like his name.
He was great.
He was greatly amused at your suggestion.
He was greatly influenced by a number of books on literature by the scholar.
He was greatly instrumental in making Japan understood.
He was greatly praised, while I was as much scolded.
He was greatly respected, while his son was as much despised.
He was greatly respected; while his son was as much despised.
He was greedy.
He was grieving.
He was groggy from too much wine.
He was groggy.
He was groomed from a young age to take over the family business.
He was grounded for the weekend.
He was grounded for two months.
He was grounded the entire summer.
He was growing.
He was gruff and impatient.
He was grumpy.
He was guarded in his remarks.
He was guided by his fears.
He was guilty of a blunder.
He was guilty of making a mistake.
He was guilty of murder.
He was guilty of spreading lies about her.
He was guilty of taking the money.
He was guilty.
He was gullible.
He was half drunk.
He was half listening to me.
He was half lying.
He was half-drunk.
He was halfway inside of me.
He was halfway to the dune.
He was hammered.
He was handcuffed.
He was handing out weapons to the villagers.
He was handing some books down from the shelf.
He was handsome and only forty-three years old.
He was handsome and sexy as hell.
He was handsome, tall, well dressed.
He was handsome.
He was hanged during the Revolution.
He was hanged for murder.
He was hanging around outside the building.
He was hanging from the ceiling.
He was hanging out at home.
He was hanging out with Muslims.
He was happily married.
He was happy at the news of her success.
He was happy being a Jew.
He was happy for a time.
He was happy for having realized his dream.
He was happy he got out OK.
He was happy in the bosom of his family.
He was happy that he passed that exam.
He was happy that he was no longer alone.
He was happy that she was safe.
He was happy to be home again.
He was happy to have passed the examination.
He was happy to hear her voice.
He was happy to realize his dream.
He was happy to take the credit.
He was happy to talk about Algeria.
He was happy to talk about his investments in Algeria.
He was happy to talk about his life in Algeria.
He was happy with his fate.
He was happy, poor as he was.
He was happy.
He was hard on forty at the time.
He was hard on her.
He was hard put to find out an explanation.
He was hard to pin down.
He was hard to please.
He was hard up for money and lifted goods in a supermarket yesterday.
He was hard up.
He was harmless to her.
He was harsh.
He was harshly criticised.
He was harshly criticized.
He was having a bath when he had a brilliant idea.
He was having a dream.
He was having a hard time with his studies.
He was having a nap in his car.
He was having a particularly bad day.
He was having a quiet night at home.
He was having an affair with one of his assistants.
He was having an affair with one of his clients who was a stripper.
He was having an affair with one of his customers.
He was having an affair with one of his employees.
He was having an affair with one of his patients.
He was having an affair with one of his secretaries.
He was having an affair with one of his servants.
He was having an affair with one of his students.
He was having difficulties to meet his basic needs.
He was having difficulty breathing down there.
He was having financial issues.
He was having fun.
He was having it off with my wife.
He was having lunch at the park.
He was having lunch when I entered the room.
He was having lunch.
He was having sex with his teacher.
He was having such a good time.
He was having the time of his life in Algeria.
He was having the time of his life.
He was having trouble believing it.
He was head of America's Naval War College.
He was head of America’s Naval War College.
He was head of the United States' Naval War College.
He was headed to the Bronx.
He was headed to the same village.
He was heading for a cliff.
He was heading home from an overnight shift.
He was healthy.
He was heard singing in the shower.
He was heard singing the song.
He was heard to sing at the concert.
He was heartbroken and hanged himself.
He was heartbroken from unrequited love.
He was heartbroken when he saw him.
He was heartbroken.
He was held at gunpoint.
He was held in captivity.
He was held in contempt of court.
He was held under guard.
He was held up because of high water.
He was helped.
He was helpful.
He was helping Mia find jobs.
He was helping his clients hide their drug money in offshore accounts.
He was helping his friends.
He was helping the old lady get up from her chair.
He was helping the old lady rise from her chair.
He was helpless.
He was hemmed in on all sides.
He was her best friend at the time.
He was her best friend.
He was her first love.
He was her follower.
He was her friend.
He was her mentor.
He was her other friend.
He was her prince charming.
He was here a minute ago.
He was here at school.
He was here at that time.
He was here but left soon because he was in a hurry.
He was here earlier, wasn't he?
He was here in the morning.
He was here in the mosque.
He was here just a moment ago.
He was here last week on a business trip.
He was here on time with lunch.
He was here today. He had half a lager.
He was here, wasn't he?
He was here.
He was heroic.
He was hesitant at first, but eventually he warmed up to the idea.
He was hesitant to get involved in the robbery.
He was hesitant.
He was hidden in a barrel.
He was hidden in the shelter.
He was hidebound and refused to change his approach.
He was hiding behind a bush.
He was hiding behind a door.
He was hiding behind a tree, crying.
He was hiding behind the door.
He was hiding his flaws and mistakes.
He was hiding in plain sight.
He was hiding in that closet.
He was hiding in that room.
He was hiding in the mountains.
He was hiding money from her.
He was hiding under the table.
He was high.
He was hiking deep in the forest.
He was hired away by a rival company.
He was hired on the spot.
He was hired to build a gazebo in the backyard.
He was hired.
He was his first love.
He was hit by a car and died instantly.
He was hit by a car and died right away.
He was hit by a car.
He was hit by a falling rock and died instantly.
He was hit by lightning.
He was hit by the car.
He was hit hard in the face.
He was hit in the balls.
He was hit on the forehead and got a bump.
He was hit.
He was hitting on her.
He was holding a fundraiser at the office.
He was holding a hunting rifle.
He was holding a kitchen knife.
He was holding a large box in his arms.
He was holding a pen in his hand.
He was holding a warm cup of tea.
He was holding candles.
He was holding her hand.
He was holding her tight against his chest.
He was holding me in his arms.
He was holding me too tightly to move.
He was home alone at the time.
He was home alone in Algiers.
He was home on time for supper.
He was home yesterday.
He was home-schooled.
He was home.
He was homeless.
He was homesick.
He was homosexual.
He was honest at least.
He was honest in business.
He was honest, strong, and willing to make decisions.
He was honest.
He was honoured for his life's work.
He was hooked on learning about Islam.
He was hooked.
He was hopeless.
He was hoping he could do that.
He was hoping he could win.
He was hoping he had succeeded.
He was hoping he'd been successful.
He was hoping he'd passed.
He was hoping he'd win.
He was hoping she could help him.
He was hoping to book the tickets today.
He was hoping to hear that.
He was hoping to see you.
He was hoping we'd do that for him.
He was horrified by her actions.
He was horrified by what happened.
He was hospitalized after eating only fruit for one month.
He was hospitalized for a surgical operation.
He was hospitalized for over a month before dying.
He was hospitalized on March 20 after developing a fever and breathing troubles, and was put on on a ventilator.
He was hospitalized.
He was hostile to any attempt at reconciliation.
He was hostile to any attempts at rapprochement.
He was hot.
He was hounded into quitting.
He was huge.
He was humble.
He was humiliated by her.
He was humiliated in front of the students.
He was humiliated.
He was hung up on her.
He was hungry more for money than fame.
He was hungry.
He was hurling insults at everyone and behaving violently as if he were out of his mind.
He was hurrying by.
He was hurt and angry.
He was hurt bad.
He was hurt in a car accident.
He was hurt in a traffic accident.
He was hurt in the accident.
He was hurt.
He was hurting.
He was identified.
He was idly turning over the pages of a magazine.
He was ignorant of the fact that the town had been destroyed.
He was ignorant of the fact.
He was ignorant of the plot to assassinate him.
He was ill and was unable to attend.
He was ill for a week.
He was ill for a whole week.
He was ill for many months.
He was ill in bed for four days straight.
He was ill in bed this week.
He was ill last week.
He was ill on Sunday.
He was ill yesterday.
He was ill, and so they were quiet.
He was ill, but today he's all right.
He was ill, so he couldn't come.
He was ill, so he couldn’t come.
He was ill, so he lay in bed all day long.
He was ill, so they were quiet.
He was ill.
He was illegally detained under a warrant of arrest and thrown in prison for the simple reason of being in possession of the Kabyle flag.
He was immaculately dressed.
He was immersed in the puzzle.
He was impatient of any delays.
He was impatient to see his daughter.
He was impatient to see his son.
He was impatient under his sufferings.
He was impatient with her unfriendly attitude.
He was impeded in his work.
He was impertinent to his father.
He was impolite, not to say rude.
He was impolite.
He was impressed by her skills.
He was impressed by how Muslims treated him.
He was impressed by what he saw.
He was impressed with what he saw.
He was impressed.
He was imprisoned and killed during the revolution.
He was imprisoned for murder.
He was imprisoned immediately after causing damage.
He was imprisoned.
He was in Algeria in early 2004.
He was in Algeria last week.
He was in Algeria.
He was in Algiers back in 2004.
He was in Algiers.
He was in America at that time.
He was in Berlin.
He was in England when the war broke out.
He was in France.
He was in Italy last year.
He was in Kabylie at that time.
He was in Kabylie at the time.
He was in Kabylie last week.
He was in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was in Kabylie.
He was in London two years ago.
He was in Paris in 1932.
He was in Paris.
He was in Rome and he didn't see the Pope.
He was in Siberia for seven years.
He was in a bad mood as we left the restaurant.
He was in a bad mood because his girlfriend had just thrown him out.
He was in a bad mood, which was rare for him.
He was in a bad mood.
He was in a car accident.
He was in a car.
He was in a coma.
He was in a deep sleep and couldn't be woken.
He was in a diving suit.
He was in a funny mood today.
He was in a good mood.
He was in a hurry this morning.
He was in a hurry to begin the new job.
He was in a hurry to catch the bus, so he didn't stop to talk with her.
He was in a hurry to see his father.
He was in a hurry to see his mother.
He was in a hurry to see his son.
He was in a jam.
He was in a long-distance relationship with a girl.
He was in a mood of depression.
He was in a mosque.
He was in a police car.
He was in a position to help people.
He was in a position to help the needy.
He was in a position to help the poor.
He was in a prison in Romania.
He was in a rage.
He was in a really bad condition.
He was in a really bad spot.
He was in a really sour mood.
He was in a relationship with a girl from Kabylie.
He was in a space suit.
He was in a terrible state.
He was in a traffic accident.
He was in a twitter.
He was in a very bad situation.
He was in advance of his time.
He was in agony.
He was in another part of the building.
He was in bed asleep.
He was in bed for a week.
He was in bed with a cold.
He was in bed.
He was in big danger.
He was in cahoots with Mom.
He was in charge of copyediting the paper.
He was in charge of maintenance at the chocolate factory.
He was in charge of preparing a magazine for publication.
He was in charge of the conservation of the temple.
He was in charge of the fundraising efforts.
He was in charge of the music at the party.
He was in church.
He was in class.
He was in command of the mercenary force.
He was in complete shock.
He was in constant pain, he couldn’t see very well, and yet he always looked at the positive side of things.
He was in critical condition.
He was in dead earnest when he threatened to call the police.
He was in deep grief at the death of his wife.
He was in despair over health problems.
He was in despair when he spent the last of his money.
He was in error in assuming that she would come to see him.
He was in fact born in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was in favor of equality for all.
He was in favor of the proposition.
He was in good health last summer.
He was in good spirits.
He was in heat.
He was in her class.
He was in high school in Washington and skipped class to go with some classmates.
He was in high school.
He was in his bed asleep.
He was in his bedroom, studying.
He was in his bedroom.
He was in his early forties.
He was in his early thirties.
He was in his forties.
He was in his home in Cambridge, England.
He was in his home in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was in his late thirties.
He was in his office all morning.
He was in his office at that time.
He was in his room by himself.
He was in his room.
He was in his shirt sleeves.
He was in his sleeping bag.
He was in his thirties.
He was in his van all night.
He was in his way.
He was in hospital for a week.
He was in hysterics.
He was in intensive care for almost two months.
He was in jail for murder.
He was in jail.
He was in love with Islam.
He was in love with her, but she was already in love with another.
He was in love.
He was in low spirits for months after his girlfriend left him.
He was in middle school.
He was in my house too.
He was in my way.
He was in no hurry to get home.
He was in open-mouthed amazement.
He was in pain.
He was in position.
He was in possession of stolen goods.
He was in prison for life.
He was in prison for murder.
He was in prison on a charge of robbery.
He was in prison.
He was in reality a criminal.
He was in really bad shape.
He was in room 7.
He was in school.
He was in seventh heaven after finally getting a new computer.
He was in shock.
He was in significant trouble.
He was in some other city.
He was in such a good mood when his team won the championship.
He was in tears.
He was in that band.
He was in that movie.
He was in the Air Force.
He was in the Hebrides in the winter.
He was in the Nation of Islam for about four months.
He was in the Navy.
He was in the arena.
He was in the army for thirty years.
He was in the backseat.
He was in the band.
He was in the bath when he had a brilliant idea.
He was in the closet, hiding from her.
He was in the company of an old friend.
He was in the courtroom.
He was in the dark.
He was in the depth of misery.
He was in the diner, having lunch.
He was in the dressing room.
He was in the elevator.
He was in the emergency room with horrific burns, barely clinging to life.
He was in the famous Wilkes exploring expedition around 1840, when they discovered the Antarctic continent; and, like the rest of the officers, he had trouble with Wilkes, whom they had court-martialed.
He was in the grip of a panic attack triggered by a nightmare.
He was in the grip of poverty.
He was in the habit of getting up early.
He was in the habit of going for a walk after dinner.
He was in the habit of taking a walk after supper.
He was in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast every morning.
He was in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast.
He was in the hospital for a week.
He was in the hot seat.
He was in the house.
He was in the interrogation room.
He was in the jazz department and really seemed to love it.
He was in the jury box.
He was in the middle of a funny story when he stopped to answer the telephone.
He was in the middle of the road.
He was in the middle.
He was in the mosque last week.
He was in the mosque praying, tears coming down his face.
He was in the mosque with a few friends.
He was in the office.
He was in the oven.
He was in the parking lot.
He was in the post office.
He was in the process of making a final decision.
He was in the process of meditating before the mandala when she entered the sauna.
He was in the queue.
He was in the right place at the right time.
He was in the room by himself.
He was in the safe room.
He was in the seventh heaven.
He was in the shop, minding his own business, when the car crashed through the wall.
He was in the shop.
He was in the shower.
He was in the true sense of the word cultured.
He was in the water.
He was in the world, and though the world was made through him, the world did not recognize him.
He was in the world.
He was in time for his appointment.
He was in time for school.
He was in time for the appointment.
He was in time for the last bus.
He was in town to attend his mother's funeral.
He was in trouble again.
He was in trouble.
He was in very good company.
He was in.
He was inaugurated as President.
He was incarcerated and sent to the island.
He was incarcerated for committing suicide.
He was incarcerated right after committing the offense.
He was incarnate of the Holy Spirit from the Virgin Mary, and was made man.
He was incautious in regard to the decision.
He was incensed by their lack of incentives.
He was incited.
He was inclined towards Islam.
He was included in the deal.
He was inconsolable.
He was incredibly beloved by a large number of students.
He was incredulous of the story.
He was indeed all palate and all belly.
He was indeed very stubborn but, on the other hand, trustworthy.
He was indifferent.
He was infatuated with her.
He was infected.
He was informed.
He was infuriated by what she said.
He was infuriated with what she said.
He was initially reluctant to trust that strange man.
He was initially uninterested in the baby.
He was injured badly in the accident.
He was injured by a bullet.
He was injured in a car accident.
He was injured in a railway accident.
He was injured in a traffic accident.
He was injured in combat.
He was injured in his left leg in the accident.
He was injured in the accident.
He was injured in the battle.
He was injured in the fight.
He was injured in the leg.
He was injured.
He was innocent as a child.
He was innocent of the crime.
He was innocent, but he had no alibi.
He was innocent.
He was insane.
He was insanely jealous.
He was insanely talented.
He was insecure.
He was inside the house.
He was inside.
He was insulted.
He was insulting Linda.
He was intelligent.
He was interested in Islam, but also terrified of it.
He was interested in Islam.
He was interested in her.
He was interested in me.
He was interested in only the pursuit of wealth.
He was interested in the mysteries of the Orient.
He was interested.
He was interrogated by the police.
He was interrogated so much that he finally confessed.
He was interviewed for the job, but couldn't get it.
He was interviewed for the job, but couldn’t get it.
He was intimidated into silence.
He was into baroque music.
He was into prehistoric animals.
He was intrigued by that strange bird.
He was intrigued.
He was introduced to Islam.
He was introduced to the imam.
He was investigated by the FBI.
He was investigating the spies.
He was investing his criminal profits in Algeria.
He was invited by the President to the White House inaugural ball.
He was invited here to Algeria to teach Berber linguistics.
He was invited to Algeria.
He was invited to a family dinner.
He was invited to another mosque.
He was invited to be the chairman of the club.
He was invited to camp in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was invited to join the training program.
He was invited to that fundraiser.
He was invited to the mosque.
He was invited to the party.
He was invited, but he didn't come.
He was invited.
He was involved in a murder case.
He was involved in a regrettable accident.
He was involved in a relationship with a co-worker.
He was involved in a scandal.
He was involved in a skirmish with a violent gang.
He was involved in a traffic accident.
He was involved in a tragic event.
He was involved in criminal activities again.
He was involved in numerous illegal activities.
He was involved in other minor crimes.
He was involved in something dangerous.
He was involved in that robbery.
He was involved in the accident and killed on the spot.
He was involved in the puzzle.
He was involved in the situation.
He was involved in the trouble.
He was involved with the killers.
He was involved.
He was irked.
He was irresponsible.
He was irritated by her delay.
He was irritated by the sound.
He was itching for a ticket to the concert.
He was jailed for offering money to the police.
He was jailed in Algeria.
He was jailed on trumped-up charges.
He was jealous of his wife.
He was jealous of me.
He was jealous of my success.
He was jealous of their happiness.
He was jealous.
He was jerking off.
He was jittery.
He was jogging down the beach.
He was joking.
He was judged sane and was therefore chargeable with murder.
He was just a lewd old man.
He was just a liar.
He was just a little baby.
He was just a shitty teacher.
He was just a stone's throw from the steps.
He was just about to go to sleep.
He was just about to leave the house.
He was just about to leave when she telephoned.
He was just about to make the final decision.
He was just appointed as the American ambassador to Japan.
He was just as confused as she was.
He was just as excited as she was.
He was just asking for help.
He was just behind me.
He was just born and his mother named him Tom.
He was just born, and now he is already a man.
He was just born.
He was just breathing.
He was just crying.
He was just doing his duty.
He was just doing his job.
He was just drunk.
He was just getting ready to go hit the hills.
He was just going to the walk across the street.
He was just having fun.
He was just here.
He was just in and out of the hospital year after year.
He was just in shock.
He was just in time for the last train.
He was just joking.
He was just jumping from one part-time job to another.
He was just kicked out of the house.
He was just leaving for the airport.
He was just leaving to go do homework.
He was just leaving.
He was just like we thought.
He was just looking.
He was just my imaginary friend.
He was just on the other side.
He was just on the verge of going to sleep.
He was just paroled yesterday.
He was just playing with me.
He was just reading a book.
He was just reading his book.
He was just reading.
He was just sitting at the desk behind a loaded pistol and staring with empty eyes.
He was just so handsome.
He was just standing in the middle of the bridge and staring at the river. I thought he wanted to jump down.
He was just thirty-six years old.
He was just trying to be friendly.
He was just trying to find the remote.
He was just trying to help.
He was just trying to protect himself.
He was just volunteering.
He was just watching the woods.
He was just watching.
He was just working out the last details.
He was keeping secrets from her.
He was keeping something from me.
He was kept prisoner in North Korea for fourteen years.
He was kept waiting for a long time.
He was kicked by a giraffe bull.
He was kicked out by his girlfriend.
He was kicked out of school on his birthday.
He was kicked out of the house.
He was kicked out of the league.
He was kicked out of the mosque for fighting.
He was kicked out of the party.
He was kicked out of the team.
He was kicked out.
He was kicking her.
He was kidnapped by North Korea.
He was kidnapped in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was kidnapped.
He was killed at the Battle of the Little Bighorn.
He was killed because of his religion.
He was killed by a bear.
He was killed by a blunt weapon.
He was killed by a giraffe bull.
He was killed by a hired assassin.
He was killed by a land mine.
He was killed by a neighbor.
He was killed by a single bullet.
He was killed by his neighbor.
He was killed by his own aunt.
He was killed by his own brother-in-law.
He was killed by his own brother.
He was killed by his own daughter.
He was killed by his own father-in-law.
He was killed by his own father.
He was killed by his own gang members.
He was killed by his own mother-in-law.
He was killed by his own mother.
He was killed by his own parents.
He was killed by his own sister-in-law.
He was killed by his own sister.
He was killed by his own son.
He was killed by his own stepbrother.
He was killed by his own stepdaughter.
He was killed by his own stepfather.
He was killed by his own stepmother.
He was killed by his own stepsister.
He was killed by his own stepson.
He was killed by his own uncle.
He was killed by his own wife.
He was killed by lightning.
He was killed by my hand.
He was killed by radical Islamists in Algiers.
He was killed by the husband of the woman he had been hanging out with.
He was killed by the local mafia.
He was killed by the neighbor.
He was killed by the road blockers.
He was killed in a car accident.
He was killed in a railroad accident.
He was killed in a train accident.
He was killed in action.
He was killed in an airplane accident.
He was killed in the accident.
He was killed in the avalanche.
He was killed in the battle.
He was killed in the earthquake.
He was killed in the explosion.
He was killed in the fight.
He was killed in the fire.
He was killed in the first hours of battle.
He was killed in the riot.
He was killed in the war.
He was killed instantly.
He was killed with a blunt weapon.
He was killed with a sword.
He was killed.
He was kind enough to give me something cold to drink.
He was kind enough to guide me through the exhibit.
He was kind enough to help me with my homework.
He was kind enough to help me with my studies.
He was kind enough to help me.
He was kind enough to help us.
He was kind enough to invite me.
He was kind enough to lead me to the ticket counter.
He was kind enough to lend me money.
He was kind enough to lend me some money.
He was kind enough to let me borrow it.
He was kind enough to see that I wanted for nothing.
He was kind enough to show me the post office.
He was kind enough to show me the way to the library.
He was kind enough to show me the way to the station.
He was kind enough to show me the way.
He was kind enough to take him to the shop.
He was kind enough to take me to hospital.
He was kind enough to take me to the bus stop.
He was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
He was kind enough to take us over to the island in his boat.
He was kind enough to tell me the truth.
He was kind enough to tie my shoelaces.
He was kind of crazy.
He was kind of cute.
He was kind of tipsy.
He was kind to everyone.
He was kind.
He was kindness itself to them.
He was kindness itself.
He was king of Sweden when Magnus was king of Norway.
He was knackered, going straight to bed.
He was knackered.
He was knee deep in mud.
He was knee-deep in snow.
He was kneeling.
He was knifed.
He was knighted.
He was knocked back.
He was knocked down by a truck.
He was knocked on his heels when he learned the truth.
He was knocked out by a punch in the first round.
He was knocked out.
He was knocked over by the car.
He was knocked unconscious for a while.
He was knocked unconscious.
He was knocking.
He was known as a burglar of houses where occupants are present and had a reputation for sneaking in and stealing valuables even during the day.
He was known to cavil at most of Tom's proposals.
He was known to everybody in the village.
He was known to the English as King Philip.
He was lacking in moral fiber.
He was lagging behind his classmates in every class.
He was laid off until there was more work to do.
He was laid off.
He was lame after the fall.
He was large, not to say fat.
He was last on the list.
He was last.
He was late as a result of the accident.
He was late as usual.
He was late because he missed the bus.
He was late because he overslept.
He was late because of the heavy traffic.
He was late because of the snow.
He was late for class, as is often the case.
He was late for dinner.
He was late for his appointment.
He was late for his shift.
He was late for school because it was raining hard.
He was late for school yesterday.
He was late for school.
He was late for the 7:30 bus.
He was late for the job interview.
He was late for work again this morning.
He was late to his own wedding.
He was late to realize that what he did was improper.
He was late to the appointment due to a traffic accident.
He was late to the courtroom.
He was late, as always.
He was late.
He was later charged with attempted terrorism-related murder and for his participation in a terrorist group.
He was later put into another vehicle and driven to an apartment where he was confined and trussed up with duct tape and plastic ties.
He was laughed at by all the people present.
He was laughed at by everybody.
He was laughed at by his friends.
He was laughed at for a stupid act.
He was laughed at for being so ignorant.
He was laughed at in public.
He was laughing all the way to the bank.
He was laughing and making fun of her.
He was laughing at me and I didn't know why.
He was laughing his head off.
He was laughing while she was crying.
He was laughing.
He was lazy and irresponsible. Thus, he was told to leave the company.
He was lazy.
He was lean and toned.
He was leaning against the countertop.
He was leaning against the doorframe and waiting for me with his arms crossed.
He was leaning against the rail.
He was leaning against the wall.
He was leaning back in the armchair, reading a book.
He was leaning towards Islam.
He was learning Berber due to his interest to it.
He was learning Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was learning Berber.
He was learning a poem.
He was learning about Islam.
He was learning to swim.
He was learning whatever he could about Islam.
He was learning.
He was leaving for Algeria the next day.
He was leaving the hospital.
He was leaving then.
He was leaving with the box in his hands.
He was leaving.
He was led to a supposedly safer location.
He was led to an underground room.
He was left all alone in the woods.
He was left all alone on the sinking ship.
He was left alone in the center of the stage.
He was left alone in the room.
He was left alone inside the room.
He was left behind on Mars and is feeling dejected now.
He was left behind.
He was left by her for no reason.
He was left dumbfounded.
He was left for dead.
He was left on the ship.
He was left out.
He was left scratching his head.
He was left speechless.
He was left to do the difficult part of the work.
He was left with no choice.
He was lenient.
He was let go.
He was let off with a warning.
He was let out after serving just two years of his four-year prison sentence.
He was like Minority Report with grammar. He knew beforehand if you were going to make a grammatical mistake.
He was like a brother to me.
He was like a different person.
He was like a father to me.
He was like a fish out of water.
He was like a ninja hiding behind one of our cars!
He was like me.
He was like, ‘I told you, too.’ So why don’t I remember?
He was limping.
He was listened to with enthusiasm.
He was listening to Algerian music.
He was listening to his iPod.
He was listening to me with his eyes shining.
He was listening to music in his room.
He was listening to music.
He was listening to the Quran.
He was listening to the music in his room.
He was listening to the radio with his earphone.
He was listening to the surroundings.
He was listening with his chin resting on his hand.
He was listening.
He was literally petrified.
He was livid.
He was living a dream.
He was living an idyllic life in Algeria.
He was living from other guys from Kabylie, Algeria.
He was living in Algeria at that time and he came visiting.
He was living in Algeria at that time.
He was living in Algiers.
He was living in England when the war broke out.
He was living in Liverpool when he first met her.
He was living in London when the war began.
He was living in London when the war broke out.
He was living in a very rural area in Algeria.
He was living in the poorest neighborhood in town.
He was living life in the fast lane.
He was living rent-free in a small house not too far from us.
He was living the good life.
He was living there alone.
He was living there.
He was living with his aunt.
He was living with the Indians.
He was located.
He was locked for two weeks.
He was locked in that room.
He was locked in the car.
He was locked in the study room.
He was locked up all night.
He was locked up in a cell.
He was locked up in an awful place.
He was locked up in that awful place.
He was locked up in the tower for months.
He was locked up the whole night.
He was lonely after his divorce.
He was lonely without her.
He was lonely.
He was looked down on as a liar.
He was looked up to as their leader.
He was looked up to by all his friends.
He was looking a bit nervous yesterday.
He was looking after the orphans.
He was looking around as if he was expecting someone.
He was looking at Skura's dog.
He was looking at her.
He was looking at himself in the mirror.
He was looking at me like I was crazy.
He was looking at me, smiling.
He was looking at me.
He was looking at some girls in bikinis.
He was looking at the giraffe.
He was looking at the little girl.
He was looking at the sky.
He was looking at us like a fool.
He was looking at you the whole time. Didn't you notice?
He was looking at you.
He was looking at your beautiful rose.
He was looking directly in my eyes.
He was looking even paler and thinner than usual.
He was looking for a chance to relax.
He was looking for a fight.
He was looking for a good job.
He was looking for a letter all day long.
He was looking for a missing hiker.
He was looking for a mosque.
He was looking for a place to urinate.
He was looking for a safe place to land the raft.
He was looking for discarded antlers.
He was looking for her for five hours.
He was looking for his bicycle.
He was looking for his daughter.
He was looking for his locker key.
He was looking for his pen.
He was looking for it like a hunting dog.
He was looking for rocks and minerals.
He was looking for some fruit in the woods.
He was looking for someone to rescue him.
He was looking for something in the dark.
He was looking for something on the computer.
He was looking for the imam.
He was looking for the keys.
He was looking for the number on his mobile phone.
He was looking for them.
He was looking for this book.
He was looking for this very thing.
He was looking for treasure on the island.
He was looking for trouble.
He was looking forward to spending the weekend with her in their little cottage in Somerset.
He was looking forward to that evening's date.
He was looking forward to that evening’s date.
He was looking into the possibility of buying a house.
He was looking like a fool.
He was looking out the window.
He was looking through a microscope.
He was looking to restore his strength.
He was looking upward to the sky.
He was looking.
He was losing his hair.
He was losing hope.
He was lost in the woods.
He was lost in thought for a while.
He was lost in thought with his hand on his forehead.
He was lost in thought, his hand pressed to his forehead.
He was lost in thought.
He was lost to history.
He was lost.
He was loud.
He was loved by everybody.
He was loved by everyone that knew him.
He was loved by everyone who knew him.
He was loved by everyone.
He was loved.
He was loving towards her.
He was loyal.
He was lucky and won the competition.
He was lucky and won the race.
He was lucky enough to catch the train.
He was lucky enough to find a good job.
He was lucky he could do that.
He was lucky to find his keys.
He was lucky to find such a good clinic.
He was lucky to find such a good doctor.
He was lucky to find such a good hospital.
He was lucky to find such a good hotel.
He was lucky to find such a good house.
He was lucky to find such a good job.
He was lucky to find such a good parking spot.
He was lucky to find such a good school.
He was lucky.
He was lurking in the trees.
He was lying asleep in the sun.
He was lying by intent.
He was lying down for a while.
He was lying in bed a long time.
He was lying in bed on his back.
He was lying in the bathtub with his clothes on.
He was lying on his back on the beach.
He was lying on his back, looking at the sky.
He was lying on his back.
He was lying on the bed, and with his hands under his head he was staring at the ceiling.
He was lying on the bed.
He was lying on the couch.
He was lying on the grass.
He was lying on the railroad tracks.
He was lying on the sofa, but sat up as she entered the room.
He was lying the whole time.
He was lying there very still and tense.
He was lying there with his legs bound together.
He was lying there with his legs tied together.
He was lying through his teeth.
He was lying to Mom.
He was lying to her when he told her he'd been in Boston.
He was lying to her when he told her that he'd been in Boston.
He was lying to her when he told her that.
He was lying to people about being rich.
He was lying to them about his age.
He was lying to you the whole time.
He was lying when he said he didn't know her.
He was lying.
He was mad as hell.
He was mad at Skura.
He was mad at me because I broke up with him.
He was mad because he was not invited.
He was mad because she went to Boston without him.
He was mad.
He was made a fool of by his neighbors.
He was made a fool of.
He was made an offer he couldn't refuse.
He was made captain of the team.
He was made captain.
He was made fun of by his classmates.
He was made much of at school.
He was made my servant.
He was made to check his papers by the chief.
He was made to do it against his will.
He was made to do so.
He was made to go out of the room.
He was made to go there.
He was made to sign a contract.
He was made to sign the contract against his will.
He was made to tell them everything.
He was made to wait at the station for two hours.
He was made to work all day by the boss.
He was madly in love with her.
He was mainly interested in the origin and development of the universe.
He was mainly interested in the origin of the universe and evolution.
He was mainly raised by his Algerian mother.
He was making Christmas cookies.
He was making a big decision.
He was making a horse out of the clay.
He was making a huge mistake.
He was making a mess.
He was making a mistake.
He was making a speech, but he abruptly stopped speaking when he heard a strange noise.
He was making a speech, but he broke off when he heard a strange noise.
He was making an effort not to think about her any more.
He was making good money.
He was making himself a coffee.
He was making his way through the crowd.
He was making horrible choices.
He was making out with Mary.
He was making prank calls.
He was making sheep's eyes at my daughter.
He was making sheep’s eyes at my daughter.
He was making the audience sad.
He was maneuvered out of office.
He was maneuvering to turn the car around.
He was mangled by the machine.
He was manipulated by some unseen force.
He was manipulative.
He was married and had two children from his first marriage and five from his second.
He was married and settled down.
He was married to her sister.
He was married.
He was martyred by the cold all Day.
He was mashing potatoes.
He was master of the situation.
He was mauled by a bear.
He was mayor.
He was mean to the children.
He was mean.
He was meditating on his future life.
He was mentally incompetent to stand trial.
He was mentally troubled.
He was merely sitting in the place.
He was merely watching.
He was mesmerized by the dazzling show of lights.
He was messed up.
He was middle-aged.
He was mimicking birds.
He was mindful of her feelings.
He was minding his damn business.
He was miserable.
He was missing classes.
He was missing the point.
He was mistaken for his younger brother.
He was mistaken, this road does not lead to the castle.
He was mistaken, wasn't he?
He was mistaken.
He was moaning.
He was molested by the teacher.
He was monitored by the FBI.
He was moody.
He was more at a loss than she, and we need not wonder at it; she had had time to think of what to say to him; for it is evident that the good fairy, during so long a sleep, had given her very pleasant dreams.
He was more concerned about money than saving the city's residents.
He was more confused than ever.
He was more interested in politics than in economics of the labor dispute.
He was more loyal than I had guessed.
He was more of a sociopath, but he did give back to the community.
He was more or less a Muslim.
He was more or less drunk.
He was more surprised than I had expected.
He was more than a king.
He was more than happy to do it.
He was mortally wounded.
He was mortified at his failure in business.
He was most kind to me.
He was moved by the gesture.
He was moved to tears when he heard the news.
He was moved to tears.
He was moving around in the brush.
He was moving around the dead city.
He was moving his belly button piercing up and down.
He was moving his legs around.
He was moving his legs.
He was moving through the trees.
He was moving to Algiers.
He was moving to Australia.
He was moving to Kabylie.
He was much affected by the sad news.
He was much of a talker.
He was mugged on his way home.
He was mugged.
He was mumbling something to himself.
He was mumbling something.
He was mumbling to himself.
He was mumbling.
He was murdered by the local mafia.
He was murdered in 1997.
He was murdered in Algeria.
He was murdered in his bed.
He was murdered in his sleep.
He was murdered on the spot.
He was murdered.
He was mute during the discussion.
He was muttering something in Berber.
He was my North, my South, my East and West, my working week and my Sunday rest, my noon, my midnight, my talk, my song; I thought that love would last for ever: I was wrong.
He was my best friend at secondary school.
He was my best friend at the institute.
He was my best friend in college.
He was my best friend in high school.
He was my best friend.
He was my best student.
He was my boss.
He was my buddy.
He was my business associate.
He was my colleague.
He was my companion for the time, and no man shall insult my companion, right or wrong, while he is in my company.
He was my comrade in arms.
He was my dear friend.
He was my first boyfriend.
He was my first crush.
He was my first love.
He was my friend too.
He was my friend.
He was my good friend.
He was my guide.
He was my hero.
He was my math teacher.
He was my maths teacher.
He was my only friend.
He was my only joy.
He was my pupil. Now he teaches my children.
He was my sole source of happiness.
He was my son too.
He was my student. Now he teaches my children.
He was my teacher when I was young.
He was my world and I never got tired, not of looking after him.
He was my worst teacher.
He was n high school back then.
He was naive.
He was naked in the bathroom.
He was naked.
He was named Horatio after his uncle.
He was named Robert after his father.
He was named Tom after his father.
He was named after his grandfather.
He was named after the king.
He was named the head of the organization after the director retired.
He was nasty.
He was natural.
He was naturalized.
He was naturally inclined to accept Islam.
He was naturally inclined to convert to Islam.
He was naturally very angry.
He was naughty when a boy.
He was naughty when he was a boy.
He was naughty.
He was navigating the area in the dark.
He was navigating the jungle at night.
He was nearing his end.
He was nearly drowned.
He was nearly hit by the car while crossing the street.
He was nearly killed after being run over by a car.
He was nearly killed himself.
He was nearly run over at a crossing.
He was nearly run over at an intersection.
He was nearly run over by a car.
He was negative.
He was negligent of his duties.
He was nervous because he was leaving for America the next morning.
He was nervous because he was leaving for the United States the next morning.
He was nervous.
He was never able determine what that noise was.
He was never able to return to Algeria.
He was never able to tell her that he loved her.
He was never content with his success.
He was never content.
He was never happy.
He was never honest with her.
He was never honest.
He was never officially charged with spying.
He was never seen again alive.
He was never seen again.
He was never short of a sagacious saying or two, that Confucius!
He was never sick.
He was never to come back to his hometown.
He was never to come here.
He was never to return from the trip.
He was never to return to his home town.
He was never to return to his hometown.
He was never to return to his native country again.
He was never to see her again.
He was never to see his homeland again.
He was never to see his mother again.
He was never to see his native land again.
He was never to see his parents again.
He was never to see his wife and family again.
He was never truthful.
He was never unemployed.
He was never what the verdict of society calls drunk. Yet was he ever sober?
He was never yours.
He was new in the village, and so no one knew him.
He was new in the village, and therefore unknown to everyone.
He was newly divorced.
He was next to her.
He was next.
He was nice to be with.
He was nice to her and her friends.
He was nice to me.
He was nice.
He was nicknamed "The Potato King."
He was no angel.
He was no better than a motherless child.
He was no better than a yes-man.
He was no further away from me than you are now.
He was no longer dependent on his parents.
He was no match for a lawyer.
He was no teetotaller; though a moderate man, he had full belief in the medicinal virtue of brandy.
He was nodding.
He was noisome at the table.
He was nominated for the presidency.
He was none other than the king.
He was normal.
He was nostalgic about the greenness of his homeland.
He was nosy.
He was not a Muslim.
He was not a financial burden on her.
He was not a good kisser.
He was not a good politician.
He was not a good speaker.
He was not a happy camper.
He was not a man to be disheartened by a single failure.
He was not a political figure but a religious one.
He was not able to do what he wanted.
He was not able to join in the discussion.
He was not able to marry her.
He was not able to open the box.
He was not able to speak English in real life.
He was not about to admit his mistake.
He was not accustomed to sleeping alone.
He was not afraid to speak up.
He was not allowed to enroll in the college.
He was not allowed to remain silent.
He was not an abolitionist.
He was not an apt person for the task.
He was not anxious for fame.
He was not as tired as he seemed.
He was not at all abashed by her open admiration.
He was not at all satisfied with the result.
He was not at all satisfied.
He was not at all surprised at her ability.
He was not at all thankful to his former teacher.
He was not at home, as is often the case with him.
He was not at school because he was ill.
He was not attracted to her at all.
He was not available.
He was not aware of the danger.
He was not aware that the praise was a satire in disguise.
He was not born blind.
He was not completely satisfied with the treaty.
He was not concerned with the outcome.
He was not conscious of his own mistake.
He was not conscious of his weak point.
He was not conscious of my presence here.
He was not considered a strong leader.
He was not consumed by remorse.
He was not disappointed.
He was not exactly thrilled to see her.
He was not far behind.
He was not feeling well.
He was not from a "numerical" culture; that is, it was not their habit to count everything in life.
He was not from this planet.
He was not fully aware of that.
He was not fully aware of this.
He was not generally popular among the undergraduates.
He was not happy about it.
He was not happy at all.
He was not having a great time.
He was not hungry.
He was not impressed.
He was not interested in girls at all.
He was not interested in the debate.
He was not invited.
He was not just a father to me.
He was not just raised a Muslim, but he was a devout Muslim.
He was not living in France.
He was not lying.
He was not my teacher.
He was not of interest to Tom.
He was not of sound mind.
He was not pleased.
He was not polite with me.
He was not quick enough.
He was not ready.
He was not right.
He was not satisfied at all.
He was not satisfied with the final bill.
He was not shy to say he did not know something.
He was not so sure of himself.
He was not spoiled by life.
He was not strong enough to be in a relationship with you. That was the reason.
He was not sure he could fight the compulsion to run.
He was not sure what to do.
He was not sure.
He was not sympathetic to my plight.
He was not terrible.
He was not the hero we wanted. He was the hero we needed.
He was not the kind of man that people liked.
He was not tormented by his conscience.
He was not used to entering early.
He was not very talkative.
He was not warm.
He was not wearing a warm coat.
He was not welcoming and told us to leave.
He was not willing to go to the doctor.
He was notified.
He was now as poor as a church mouse.
He was now twelve years old and ready to enter a junior high school.
He was nowhere to be found.
He was nowhere to be seen.
He was obedient.
He was obsessed with Islam.
He was obsessed with computers.
He was obsessed with the idea of travelling to exotic locations.
He was obviously annoyed.
He was obviously drunk.
He was obviously hiding something and this bothered me.
He was obviously impressed.
He was obviously in pain.
He was obviously lying.
He was obviously mistaken.
He was obviously very sick.
He was occasionally mumbling to himself.
He was of afraid of putting you in danger.
He was off early in the morning.
He was off on another assignment.
He was offended.
He was offered a hefty amount for the job.
He was offered a job at a mine in Algeria.
He was offered a job at a very good hotel.
He was offered his job back.
He was offered the position of head teacher.
He was offered the position of headmaster.
He was offered the position of school head.
He was often confused with his brother.
He was often described as a yuppie.
He was often late for school.
He was old.
He was on ADHD medication.
He was on Algerian TV.
He was on TV yesterday.
He was on TV.
He was on a bus.
He was on a camping trip.
He was on a dangerous assignment.
He was on a dating website.
He was on a trip.
He was on campus.
He was on cloud nine.
He was on drugs.
He was on duty.
He was on good terms with my deceased father.
He was on his own when he fell.
He was on his phone.
He was on his way back to camp.
He was on his way back up to bed.
He was on his way home from the office.
He was on his way to Algeria.
He was on his way to a rock concert in Algiers.
He was on his way to me.
He was on his way to school.
He was on his way to the mosque.
He was on his way to the movies with that girl.
He was on parole then.
He was on private land.
He was on sick leave.
He was on spring break in Algeria with his family.
He was on stage.
He was on television last week.
He was on that plane.
He was on that ship.
He was on that train.
He was on the beach, looking at the sea.
He was on the beach.
He was on the dance floor.
He was on the floor.
He was on the ground.
He was on the main deck.
He was on the payroll of an Algerian company known as Sonatrach.
He was on the phone.
He was on the porch.
He was on the road.
He was on the roof with his electric guitar.
He was on the security team.
He was on the slide.
He was on the team.
He was on the tennis court.
He was on the verge of beating me.
He was on the verge of crying from anger.
He was on the verge of dropping out entirely.
He was on the verge of hitting me.
He was on the verge of revealing the secret when a sharp look from Martha shut him up.
He was on the wait list.
He was on the way to the airport to meet Mr West.
He was on time.
He was on vacation when he met her.
He was once a rugby player.
He was once a student.
He was once arrested for grand theft.
He was one of my best friends.
He was one of the famous men of letters in his era.
He was one of the greatest scientists of all time.
He was one of the leaders of the revolution.
He was one of the most manly boys in the school.
He was one of the unsung heroes of the revolution.
He was one of them.
He was only a few hours of Algiers.
He was only a shadow of his former self.
He was only beginning to figure out what was happening.
He was only bothered about concrete questions.
He was only carrying out orders.
He was only fifteen years old back then.
He was only forty-nine years old.
He was only fourteen years old.
He was only fourteen.
He was only loyal to his friend.
He was only pretending to make the call.
He was only saying that to scare the kids.
He was only serving time because he was framed.
He was only shamming.
He was only smiling.
He was only thirty-four years old when he threw himself in front of a train.
He was only too glad to help us.
He was only twelve years old at the time.
He was open about his problems.
He was open to a different way of thinking.
He was opening a new chapter in his life.
He was opening the blinds.
He was opening the gate.
He was operated on by the doctor.
He was operated on for lung cancer.
He was operated on yesterday.
He was opposed to monopolies.
He was ordered home.
He was ordered not to shoot.
He was ordered to fix the engine.
He was ordered to leave, but refused.
He was ordered to shut up.
He was ordered, by his superior, to write up a proposal for a new product before the day is out.
He was originally assigned a different artist to research, but he couldn't find anything about her.
He was originally from Algeria.
He was orphaned at a young age.
He was orphaned when he was three.
He was ostracized by the crew.
He was otherwise than I thought.
He was our biology teacher.
He was our hero.
He was our science teacher.
He was out cold.
He was out of breath because he had been running.
He was out of breath when he got here.
He was out of breath.
He was out of breath. He had been running.
He was out of control.
He was out of credit, too.
He was out of danger.
He was out of humor as he had lost his wallet.
He was out of money.
He was out of reach.
He was out of shape when he took a long hike with his sons, and he was stiff and sore the next day.
He was out of the house.
He was out of town last week.
He was out shopping.
He was out with his friends.
He was out, working in the garden.
He was out.
He was outraged.
He was outside.
He was over here.
He was over the moon.
He was overcome by a feeling of melancholy.
He was overcome by numbers.
He was overcome with guilt.
He was overconfident.
He was overjoyed to find out that his son had succeeded.
He was overjoyed.
He was overwhelmed by fear.
He was overwhelmed by the intensity of her love.
He was overwhelmed with the heavy burden of his duties.
He was pacing the yard of the house when his wife was giving birth.
He was paid 10,000 dollars.
He was paid 10000 dollars.
He was paid by the government to write conspiracy stories online.
He was paid one million dollars in retirement allowance.
He was paid.
He was painfully skinny.
He was painfully thin.
He was painted like a clown.
He was painting the walls to brighten up the room.
He was painting.
He was pale with fatigue after his sleepless night.
He was pale.
He was panting to have a go at it.
He was panting.
He was paralysed with fear.
He was paralyzed by fear.
He was paralyzed in the face of danger.
He was paralyzed with terror.
He was paranoid.
He was pardoned by the Algerian president.
He was pardoned.
He was parked next to me.
He was paroled after having served eleven years of his sentence.
He was part of a game.
He was part of the group.
He was part of the secret police.
He was part of the team.
He was part-Kabyle, part-Tuareg.
He was partially clothed.
He was partying with some friends.
He was passing by on his bicycle when he heard a cry for help.
He was passing some books down from the shelf.
He was passionately in love with her.
He was passive by nature.
He was patience itself.
He was patient.
He was patiently digging for facts.
He was peeved by what you said.
He was penalised for drink-driving.
He was penalized for not wearing a seatbelt.
He was perceived as being ugly.
He was perfect.
He was perfectly cool and made no resistance, but gave me one look, so ugly that it brought out the sweat on me like running.
He was performing a ritual to summon an ancient demon.
He was performing witchcraft in that house.
He was permanently banned from that store.
He was permitted to return to Nishapur because his health was no longer as it was.
He was perplexed at the unexpected result.
He was perplexed by the unforeseen situation.
He was perplexed.
He was persistent.
He was persuaded into doing it against his own wishes.
He was persuaded to be more sensible.
He was persuaded to carry it out against his will.
He was persuaded to change his mind.
He was persuading the foreigners.
He was petrified.
He was petting the dog.
He was petting the poodle.
He was photographed.
He was picked up by a passing ship.
He was picking his nose in front of the teacher.
He was picking on a homeless guy.
He was picking up bad habits.
He was pilfering those verses one by one.
He was pinned down by a fallen tree.
He was pissed.
He was pitiful.
He was placed in a key position by the president.
He was placed in the care of a psychiatrist.
He was placed under house arrest.
He was plagiarizing those poems verse by verse.
He was plagued by obsessive thoughts of guilt.
He was plainly buried.
He was plainly not envious of the openly wealthy.
He was planning a prison break.
He was planning a sleepover.
He was planning on leaving the dog here.
He was planning to rob a bank.
He was planning to rob the bank.
He was planning to throw a big birthday party for Mom.
He was plastered.
He was playing Kabyle songs on his guitar.
He was playing a sick joke.
He was playing basketball on the street.
He was playing board games.
He was playing football with an empty can.
He was playing football with an old tin.
He was playing football.
He was playing games with me.
He was playing games.
He was playing in the room.
He was playing music on the street.
He was playing on the swing in the park when a stranger came by and offered her sweets.
He was playing on the swing in the park when a stranger came by and offered him caramels.
He was playing soccer.
He was playing tennis all day.
He was playing tennis.
He was playing that game again.
He was playing the game on his phone.
He was playing the piano and she was singing.
He was playing the piano.
He was playing with a lighter.
He was playing with a toy.
He was playing with his kids.
He was playing with his sausage disgustingly.
He was playing with the dogs.
He was playing with the kids in the pool.
He was playing.
He was pleading for his life.
He was pleasantly surprised.
He was pleased to hear the news.
He was pleased to see Skura.
He was pleased to see her.
He was pleased with my performance.
He was pleased with the gift.
He was pleased with the hotel room.
He was pleased with the toy.
He was pleased.
He was plowing.
He was poached by a rival company.
He was pointing to the bottle of water desperately.
He was poisoned by our enemies.
He was poisoned by the globefish he ate.
He was poisoned elsewhere.
He was poisoned.
He was polite but firm.
He was polite.
He was poor all his life.
He was poor and could not buy it.
He was poor and couldn't buy a coat.
He was poor and lived in a small cabin.
He was poor but did not borrow money from others.
He was poor for a long time, but he is well off now.
He was poor his entire life.
He was poor his whole life.
He was poor, but he didn't borrow money from others.
He was poor, but he was honest.
He was poor, so he couldn't go to college.
He was poor.
He was pop-eyed with surprise.
He was popular at school.
He was popular with girls because he was on the football team.
He was popular with voters.
He was popular.
He was positive that his house was haunted.
He was possessed by the devil.
He was posting that video on his Facebook.
He was pounding her gate.
He was powerless in the face of death.
He was powerless.
He was practicing for the spelling bee.
He was practicing magic.
He was practicing some dance moves.
He was praised for saving a life.
He was praying and reading straight from the Quran.
He was praying for us.
He was praying in the mosque.
He was praying.
He was preaching God's Word to a small group of believers.
He was preaching the message of God.
He was preceded in death by his wife Mary on October 20, 2013, his brother Thomas, and his sister Alice Jackson of Boston, Massachusetts.
He was prejudiced against women drivers.
He was prepared for that fight.
He was prepared to help her do the washing-up.
He was prepared.
He was preparing for an exam.
He was preparing something to eat.
He was preparing to leave.
He was preparing to move to a new town.
He was prescribed some painkillers.
He was present at the ceremony.
He was present at the meeting yesterday.
He was present at the meeting.
He was present at the party.
He was present.
He was presented before the jury.
He was pressed against my side.
He was pressed for time, so he only skimmed through the morning paper before rushing out the door.
He was pretending to be asleep.
He was pretending to be sick.
He was pretending.
He was pretty busy himself.
He was pretty busy.
He was pretty close.
He was pretty laid-back.
He was pretty much drunk.
He was pretty much fluent in Berber.
He was pretty much on the verge of tears.
He was pretty scared.
He was pretty small.
He was pretty strict.
He was prevented from getting off the ship.
He was probably just in a hurry.
He was probably the only Muslim in the area.
He was profuse in his praise of his teacher.
He was promised a brand-new BMW.
He was promoted by virtue of his abilities.
He was promoted in rank.
He was promoted three times in one year.
He was promoted to colonel two years ago.
He was promoted to general.
He was promoted to section chief.
He was promoted to the position of head teacher.
He was promoted to the position of school principal.
He was promoted.
He was promptly fired.
He was prone to anger.
He was pronounced dead after he had been taken to the hospital.
He was pronounced dead.
He was propelled by a thirst for revenge.
He was protecting his eyes from the sun with his hand.
He was proud of himself.
He was proud of his brother.
He was proud of his cock.
He was proud of his daughter.
He was proud of his punctuality.
He was proud of his school record.
He was proud that he was selected by the people.
He was proud.
He was provided an update on the case.
He was provoked into hitting her.
He was provoked.
He was prudent.
He was psyched.
He was pulled out of the car.
He was pulled out of the hole.
He was pulled under the bed.
He was pumping the pedals of the bicycle hard.
He was punching back.
He was punctual.
He was punished all the same.
He was punished as a warning to other students.
He was punished because he lied.
He was punished for child abuse.
He was punished for doing that.
He was punished for drunken driving.
He was punished for his crimes.
He was punished for his evil acts.
He was punished for lying.
He was punished for stealing money.
He was punished for stealing the money.
He was punished for the slightest offense.
He was punished with justification.
He was punished.
He was purged of all suspicion.
He was pushed down from the castle wall.
He was pushed into the ditch.
He was pushing his luck.
He was pushy.
He was put in a cabin with a tiny window.
He was put in a cell.
He was put in a closet for a week.
He was put in an FBI vehicle.
He was put in foster care.
He was put in jail for writing the book.
He was put in jail.
He was put in prison.
He was put inside a tank.
He was put on a plan for low-income households.
He was put on a wait list.
He was put on the list.
He was put out.
He was put through university with money left by his uncle.
He was put to death finally.
He was put under anaesthetic.
He was put under anesthesia.
He was put up for adoption.
He was putting on a Shakespeare play.
He was puzzled about what to answer.
He was puzzled at the question.
He was puzzled by the question.
He was puzzled.
He was qualified as a history teacher.
He was qualified to be a lawyer.
He was qualified.
He was questioning his religion.
He was questioning his sexuality.
He was quick on the draw and shot him before he even got his hand on his holster.
He was quick to blame him.
He was quick to criticize others.
He was quick.
He was quickly cured of his cold.
He was quickly pulled from the wreckage.
He was quickly recaptured.
He was quickly swallowed up by the crowd.
He was quiet as a tomb.
He was quiet.
He was quite a man.
He was quite content with what he had.
He was quite dead, and had been for some time, for his limbs were rigid and cold.
He was quite decided in his determination.
He was quite irreverent.
He was quite philosophical about the demotion.
He was quite pleased with himself.
He was quite religious.
He was quite tired.
He was quite weak in his childhood.
He was quivering.
He was raging mad.
He was raised Muslim by his grandmother.
He was raised Muslim.
He was raised a Muslim.
He was raised a Shia Muslim.
He was raised by a widow who lives in our village.
He was raised by an Algerian couple.
He was raised by an alcoholic dad.
He was raised by another family.
He was raised by his auntie in Paris.
He was raised by his grandfather.
He was raised by his grandmother.
He was raised by his grandparents.
He was raised by his uncle.
He was raised in Algeria.
He was raised in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was raised in Paris.
He was raised in a Muslim household.
He was raised in a home without a father.
He was raised in a small village.
He was raised in an artistic family.
He was raised in the States, but his mother tongue is Japanese.
He was raised in the United States, but his native language is Japanese.
He was raised to be a Muslim.
He was raised to the bench.
He was raised to the rank of colonel two years ago.
He was raised very Muslim.
He was raised with Islamic values.
He was raised with a very strong Islamic identity.
He was raised with so much love.
He was raising a family.
He was ran off the website.
He was ranting and raving like a madman.
He was raped.
He was rapping in Berber.
He was rather careless to say the least.
He was rather drunk, which made a bad impression on the policeman.
He was rather impressed.
He was rather reluctant, but his brother accepted the offer anyway.
He was rather shorter with me.
He was raving.
He was re-elected mayor.
He was re-elected six years later.
He was reading Algerian novels.
He was reading a book about Islam.
He was reading a book at that time.
He was reading a book on his phone.
He was reading a book, as usual.
He was reading a book.
He was reading a comic book.
He was reading a magazine.
He was reading a newspaper in his pajamas.
He was reading a newspaper in his shirt sleeves.
He was reading a newspaper.
He was reading a paper upside down.
He was reading a really good book.
He was reading a textbook on American history.
He was reading about Islam.
He was reading books about Islam.
He was reading her diary.
He was reading his book.
He was reading straight from the Quran as he was praying.
He was reading straight from the Quran.
He was reading that book.
He was reading the Quran in his car.
He was reading the Quran.
He was reading the TV guide.
He was reading the newspaper and fell asleep.
He was reading.
He was ready by then.
He was ready for school.
He was ready in a minute.
He was ready to announce his presidential candidacy.
He was ready to be a Muslim.
He was ready to break camp and go back home.
He was ready to do it for me.
He was ready to explode.
He was ready to face his fate.
He was ready to fight for Islam.
He was ready to give their marriage another chance.
He was ready to help her with dish-washing.
He was ready to party all day.
He was ready to settle the matter.
He was ready to try all kinds of new things.
He was ready.
He was real hurt.
He was really a child of his times.
He was really a drunk.
He was really angry.
He was really annoyed.
He was really anti-Islam.
He was really anxious before the exam.
He was really ashamed of himself.
He was really cold.
He was really cute and I liked him a lot.
He was really cute and I liked him a lot. But then he broke up with me.
He was really excited about seeing Clint Eastwood.
He was really excited.
He was really fast.
He was really funny.
He was really getting on my nerves.
He was really good on that soap opera.
He was really good to Mom.
He was really good-looking.
He was really gung-ho when he started at the gym but after a few months he started slacking off and then stopped coming altogether.
He was really hurt when he found out about her intentions.
He was really hurt.
He was really impressed.
He was really in serious trouble.
He was really into Kabyle music.
He was really mad.
He was really off the wall yesterday.
He was really pissed off and didn't talk to me again.
He was really polite.
He was really said about leaving his life behind.
He was really scared of the Arabs.
He was really scared.
He was really shaken up by the kidnapping attempt.
He was really shocked.
He was really skating well for a while.
He was really surprised.
He was really the man we were looking for.
He was really uncomfortable.
He was really upset.
He was really weird.
He was rebellious.
He was rebuked for writing such a rough report.
He was receding a bit.
He was received with a heartfelt greeting.
He was receiving the guests.
He was reciting the Quran.
He was reckless.
He was recognized as a first-class singer.
He was recognized as the best doctor in the city.
He was recognized.
He was reconciled to his fate.
He was recording a TikTok.
He was recording.
He was red from anger.
He was red with anger.
He was refused entry to the Netherlands.
He was refused medical treatment.
He was regarded as a hero for saving his friend's life.
He was regarded as a hero for saving his friend’s life.
He was regarded as a hero.
He was regarded as the greatest writer of the day.
He was registered.
He was regretting Maurizio intensely.
He was rehabilitated at the end of the Fifties.
He was rehearsing.
He was rejected because his health was poor.
He was rejected.
He was relaxed.
He was released from custody yesterday.
He was released from detention.
He was released from prison immediately after the war.
He was released from prison last month.
He was released from prison.
He was released from the hospital last month.
He was released with the help of the Algerian embassy.
He was released.
He was relieved at the news.
He was relieved of his heavy responsibility.
He was relieved that situation hadn't escalated.
He was relieved to leave that town.
He was relieved when she informed him that she had a rich new boyfriend.
He was relieved.
He was reluctant to admit it.
He was reluctant to answer.
He was reluctant to get involved in the argument and chose to remain neutral.
He was reluctant to go by himself.
He was reluctant to go there.
He was reluctant to leave.
He was reluctant to reveal what he really meant.
He was reluctant to spend money on such a thing.
He was reluctant to take part in meetings.
He was reluctant, but he agreed.
He was remarkable for the skill of his spirit, and because of the amazing wealth of his inventions.
He was reminded to pay his taxes.
He was removed from his position.
He was removed from his post because he was idle.
He was removed from office.
He was removed from the list of suspects.
He was removed from the photo.
He was removed from the team because he was taking drugs.
He was removed from the team to make room for me.
He was renowned to be a very good pilot.
He was renting a house in Kabylie.
He was repainting the house.
He was repeating her words parrot-fashion.
He was reported missing two weeks ago.
He was reported missing.
He was reported to the police.
He was reported to the principal.
He was reported.
He was reporting from Algeria.
He was reputed to be a genius.
He was rescued by the firefighters.
He was rescued.
He was resolute about his innocence.
He was respected as a hero because he defended his country against the invaders.
He was respected as their teacher.
He was respected both as a teacher and as a man.
He was respected for his work ethic.
He was responsible for the car accident.
He was responsible for the death of your father.
He was resting under a tree when an apple fell on his head.
He was resting.
He was resurrected.
He was reunited with his father.
He was rewarded.
He was rewarded; but what he saw was not the lamps in rows, as he had half expected.
He was rich in experiences.
He was rich.
He was riddled with several bullets.
He was ridiculously good looking.
He was riding down the Rhine River on a huge boat.
He was riding her bus.
He was riding his bike.
He was riding our bus every morning.
He was riding the horse too fast.
He was right about her.
He was right about that.
He was right after all.
He was right around the corner.
He was right behind her.
He was right behind me.
He was right in everything he said.
He was right next to her.
He was right the first time.
He was right to break up with her.
He was right to come back.
He was right to give up smoking.
He was right to keep silent.
He was right, wasn't he?
He was right.
He was rightly punished.
He was rigid with fear.
He was rigid with terror.
He was risking losing his job by talking to his boss that way.
He was roaring with laughter.
He was robbed in Algeria.
He was robbed of all his money.
He was robbed of his money on the street.
He was robbed of his youth.
He was robbed when coming home late at night.
He was robbed while walking late at night.
He was robbed.
He was rolling a cigarette.
He was rotating his belly button piercing.
He was roused by a knocking at the door.
He was roused by a loud knocking at the door.
He was rowing against a gentle current.
He was rowing.
He was rubbing his back against a tree.
He was rubbing his hands over the report of the result.
He was rubbing his temples.
He was rubbing the head of his penis directly in front of her.
He was rubbing the head of his penis.
He was rude, wasn't he?
He was rude.
He was ruined by that business.
He was ruined.
He was ruled out.
He was rummaging through the trash.
He was run over and died because of it.
He was run over and killed on the spot.
He was run over and killed.
He was run over and then died.
He was run over by a car.
He was run over with a car.
He was run over, but he survived.
He was running a marathon.
He was running and calling for help.
He was running around in the desert.
He was running around the park, doing silly things.
He was running around the tree.
He was running away again instead of clarifying with me.
He was running away from something that had terrified him.
He was running away in all haste.
He was running down the aisle.
He was running for re-election.
He was running so fast he ran out of breath.
He was running very fast.
He was running.
He was rushed by ambulance to the nearby hospital.
He was rushed to hospital.
He was rushed to the hospital.
He was ruthless.
He was sacked for being lazy at work.
He was sacked for stealing.
He was sacked for theft.
He was sacked.
He was sacrificed.
He was sad by the death of his friend.
He was sad.
He was saddened.
He was safe.
He was salting the meat.
He was satisfied to know the result.
He was satisfied with his new car.
He was satisfied with the horse's name.
He was satisfied with the interview.
He was satisfied with the result.
He was satisfied with the work he had done.
He was satisfied.
He was sauntering along.
He was savagely killed by Daesh.
He was savagely killed by ISIS.
He was saved by a hair.
He was saving his money to buy a motorbike.
He was saving money to buy a motorbike.
He was saving money.
He was saying his head hurt a lot.
He was saying they had tricked him.
He was scammed.
He was scared by children at night.
He was scared for his life.
He was scared green.
He was scared of Muslims.
He was scared of asking his boss for a break.
He was scared of her.
He was scared out of his mind.
He was scared out of his wits.
He was scared to admit that he didn't know.
He was scared to death for days.
He was scared to death.
He was scared to do it.
He was scared to get his belly button pierced.
He was scared to go by himself.
He was scared to go in the cave by himself.
He was scared to go there by himself.
He was scared when the monkey jumped at him.
He was scared you would shoot him.
He was scared.
He was scary.
He was scheduled to leave that morning.
He was scolded by his mother.
He was scolded by his teacher for being lazy.
He was scolded.
He was scornful of the danger.
He was scratched by all those thorns.
He was scratched.
He was scratching his penis.
He was screaming and running for the door.
He was screaming at the nanny.
He was screaming for help.
He was screaming in horror.
He was screaming like he was on a rollercoaster.
He was screaming.
He was scrolling through Facebook.
He was scrubbing his skin with a rough towel.
He was scrubbing the floors.
He was searched by the police.
He was searched.
He was searching for an escape route.
He was searching for something in the dark.
He was searching for the true word of God.
He was searching for wood.
He was seated all alone.
He was seated on a rock, with a plump and primely broiled pheasant on the boulder before him, while he filled his tin cup from a small coffee-pot which he had lifted from the coals.
He was second.
He was seduced by Mary.
He was seduced by Tom.
He was seeing a girl whose father was a Muslim.
He was seeing everything and seeing nothing; acutely, quiveringly conscious and yet oblivious to his surroundings by reason of the poignancy of his thought.
He was seeing other women.
He was seeing someone in Algeria.
He was seeking out Skura.
He was seeking re-election.
He was seeking to do well at school.
He was seen at a local bank.
He was seen at his best on Sunday, when, clothed in a complete suit of black, with a single carnation in his buttonhole, and with an irreproachable silk hat, he promenaded with Madame Arbique on his arm.
He was seen crossing the road.
He was seen crossing the street.
He was seen eating a piece of cake on the sly.
He was seen going out of the house.
He was seen having a piece of cake on the sly.
He was seen in Santiago and elsewhere.
He was seen stealing apples from the neighbor's tree.
He was seen surreptitiously eating a piece of cake.
He was seen throwing garbage in the forest.
He was seen to come out of the house.
He was seen to eat a piece of cake secretly.
He was seen to enter the building.
He was seen to enter the room.
He was seen to go upstairs.
He was seen to take out the book secretly.
He was seen to throw garbage into forest.
He was seen.
He was seething with anger.
He was seized with fear.
He was seized with sudden chest pains.
He was seized with uncontrollable rage.
He was selected.
He was selfish.
He was selling CDs.
He was selling Kabyle dresses.
He was selling a controlled substance.
He was selling arms.
He was selling cars.
He was selling cocaine.
He was selling computers.
He was selling drugs.
He was selling fake diplomatic passports.
He was selling illegal drugs.
He was selling it at an outrageous price.
He was selling meth.
He was selling stolen cars.
He was selling stolen goods.
He was selling stolen guns.
He was selling weapons.
He was sending her mixed signals.
He was sensible.
He was sent abroad as a correspondent.
He was sent back to Algeria.
He was sent back to prison.
He was sent by his company to Kazakhstan.
He was sent for and had to go.
He was sent home to Algeria to recuperate.
He was sent into combat.
He was sent on a special mission to Europe.
He was sent on an errand to the store.
He was sent on an important mission.
He was sent staight to jail after committing the unforgivable.
He was sent to Algeria as a diplomat.
He was sent to Algeria to learn Berber.
He was sent to Algeria to study.
He was sent to Algeria.
He was sent to Algiers to teach Berber.
He was sent to Guantanamo.
He was sent to North America.
He was sent to a Quranic school.
He was sent to a mental hospital.
He was sent to a sewing school.
He was sent to detention.
He was sent to jail for murder.
He was sent to jail for seven years.
He was sent to jail for the robbery.
He was sent to prison for a crime that he did not commit.
He was sent to prison for a crime that he didn't commit.
He was sent to prison for armed robbery.
He was sent to prison.
He was sent to save the princess.
He was sent to solitary confinement after he tried to smuggle cocaine into his cell.
He was sent to solitary confirnelment for a long time.
He was sent to the front lines.
He was sent to the galleys.
He was sent to the principal's office today.
He was sentenced to 2 years probation.
He was sentenced to 200 hours of unpaid work.
He was sentenced to a lethal ingestion of carbs.
He was sentenced to community service.
He was sentenced to death by firing squad.
He was sentenced to death.
He was sentenced to four life sentences without parole.
He was sentenced to life in prison.
He was sentenced to life. To this day, he claims that he's innocent.
He was sentenced to one year in prison in Bulgaria.
He was sentenced to prison for one year.
He was sentenced to prison.
He was sentenced to six years in prison.
He was sentenced to ten years in prison.
He was sentenced to the galleys.
He was sentenced to thirty lashes for committing adultery.
He was sentenced to thirty-one years in prison for the double murder, and a year and four months for concealing a corpse.
He was sentenced to three years in jail.
He was sentenced to three years in prison.
He was serious, wasn't he?
He was serious.
He was seriously ill, and the doctor was sent for.
He was seriously injured in a traffic accident.
He was seriously injured in the accident.
He was seriously injured in the car accident.
He was set free after doing five years in prison.
He was setting up a counterfeiting operation.
He was setting up things for fishing.
He was seventeen in February.
He was severe with children.
He was severe with his children.
He was severely beaten.
He was sewing.
He was sexting girls on his phone.
He was sexually harassed by an old man on the bus.
He was sexually harassed.
He was shaken.
He was shaking and squirming.
He was shaking with rage.
He was shaking.
He was sharp.
He was sharpening a knife.
He was sharpening his knife.
He was sharpening the knife.
He was shattered, going straight to bed.
He was shattered.
He was shipwrecked in the Indian Ocean.
He was shirtless.
He was shivering from the cold.
He was shivering with cold.
He was shocked at the intrusion.
He was shocked by the discovery.
He was shocked by what he saw.
He was shocked into silence.
He was shocked to hear that his daughter had shoplifted.
He was shocked.
He was shooting a video.
He was shopping all the time.
He was shopping around for new clothes.
He was shopping for groceries in the town's marketplace.
He was short and was losing his hair.
He was short-haired.
He was shorter than me.
He was shot 3 times in the arm.
He was shot and left to die in the street.
He was shot and seriously wounded.
He was shot by a firing squad.
He was shot by accident.
He was shot by the guards.
He was shot dead.
He was shot in cold blood.
He was shot in the back.
He was shot in the melee on Aug. 1, 2018, and a bullet lodged in his right buttock.
He was shot through the heart.
He was shot to death.
He was shot while attempting to cross the border.
He was shot.
He was shouting as loud as he could.
He was shouting something in Berber.
He was shouting.
He was shown a red card for starting a fight with the other team and as a result, their team lost.
He was shown the photo by her.
He was shown to his seat.
He was shunned by society.
He was shunned by the community.
He was shy at first.
He was shy at the beginning.
He was shy.
He was sick all the time.
He was sick and was hospitalized.
He was sick from eating too much.
He was sick in bed all day yesterday.
He was sick in bed last Sunday.
He was sick last week.
He was sick of being vilified all the time by people who were jealous of his ability.
He was sick of eating candy.
He was sick of his job.
He was sick through the winter.
He was sick with anxiety before the exam.
He was sick yesterday, so he didn't come to school.
He was sick yesterday.
He was sick, but he went to school.
He was sick, so he couldn't attend the party.
He was sick, so he couldn't come.
He was sick, so he did not go out.
He was sick, so he didn't come.
He was sick, so he wasn't allowed to go out.
He was sick.
He was silenced.
He was silent all the time.
He was silent as a tomb.
He was silent as the grave.
He was silent for a few moments after hearing these words.
He was silent for a long time.
He was silent for a moment.
He was silent for a time.
He was silent for a while.
He was silent for quite a while.
He was silent for some time.
He was silent for what seemed to me an hour.
He was silent the whole discussion.
He was silent throughout the whole debate.
He was silent.
He was silly enough to believe her.
He was silly.
He was simply doing his job.
He was sincere.
He was singing a song.
He was singing about Skura.
He was singing in Berber.
He was singing lullabies to the baby.
He was singing with the children sitting around the campfire.
He was singing.
He was single all his life.
He was single before.
He was singled out for praise.
He was singularly taciturn, lisping thickly when he did talk, and stuttering and hesitating in his speech, as though his words moved faster than his mind could follow.
He was sipping a beer sitting on a deckchair.
He was sipping his margarita.
He was sipping lemonade.
He was sitting across the street.
He was sitting across the table from her.
He was sitting all by himself at the counter.
He was sitting all by himself.
He was sitting alone at the bar sipping coffee.
He was sitting and reading a book.
He was sitting as still as a statue in the mosque.
He was sitting at a table by himself.
He was sitting at his computer, working.
He was sitting at my feet.
He was sitting at the back of the bus.
He was sitting at the bar by himself.
He was sitting at the bar three stools away from her.
He was sitting at the counter by himself.
He was sitting at the dining room table.
He was sitting at the park.
He was sitting beside his brother.
He was sitting between Mary and Tom.
He was sitting between his parents.
He was sitting by himself at a table near the window, drinking coffee.
He was sitting by himself on the porch and reading a book.
He was sitting by himself on the porch, reading a book.
He was sitting by himself, drinking wine.
He was sitting directly next to her.
He was sitting drinking wine.
He was sitting in a car.
He was sitting in a cell, blindfolded.
He was sitting in a corner of the mosque.
He was sitting in a single seat.
He was sitting in front of me.
He was sitting in front of us.
He was sitting in his limo, drinking champagne.
He was sitting in that room, waiting to give his testimony.
He was sitting in the armchair, his eyes closed and his arms folded.
He was sitting in the back seat.
He was sitting in the bar.
He was sitting in the basement.
He was sitting in the cafe.
He was sitting in the cafeteria.
He was sitting in the classroom.
He was sitting in the front of the bus.
He was sitting in the garden.
He was sitting in the library when I saw him.
He was sitting in the living room.
He was sitting in the lobby.
He was sitting in the mosque.
He was sitting in the office.
He was sitting in the pub.
He was sitting in the room.
He was sitting in the third row.
He was sitting in the waiting room.
He was sitting just behind the driver.
He was sitting next to her.
He was sitting next to him.
He was sitting next to me.
He was sitting next to the door that connects the train car to another one.
He was sitting on a bench at the park.
He was sitting on a bench with his eyes closed.
He was sitting on a bench with his friend.
He was sitting on a bench.
He was sitting on a large root that stuck out of the ground.
He was sitting on her mother's lap.
He was sitting on his haunches.
He was sitting on his mother's lap.
He was sitting on that beach.
He was sitting on the bed.
He was sitting on the bench by himself.
He was sitting on the couch.
He was sitting on the edge of my bed.
He was sitting on the edge of the bed.
He was sitting on the edge of the desk playing his guitar.
He was sitting on the floor.
He was sitting on the grave.
He was sitting on the ground.
He was sitting on the porch.
He was sitting on the quay.
He was sitting on the rug.
He was sitting on the sofa in our room.
He was sitting on the towel.
He was sitting opposite me.
He was sitting outside.
He was sitting over there by himself.
He was sitting right at the back of class.
He was sitting side by side with his brother.
He was sitting sideways.
He was sitting silent for half an hour.
He was sitting surrounded by the students.
He was sitting there for like four minutes.
He was sitting there for two hours.
He was sitting there with a pipe in his mouth.
He was sitting there with his headphones on.
He was sitting there, delighted with my failure.
He was sitting there, minding his own business.
He was sitting there, reading a book.
He was sitting there, reading his book.
He was sitting there, surrounded by his children.
He was sitting there.
He was sitting up straight.
He was sitting with his arms across his chest.
He was sitting with his arms folded.
He was sitting, reading a book.
He was sitting.
He was six feet tall and weighed over 28 stone.
He was skiing.
He was skinny as hell.
He was skinny.
He was skipping school.
He was skittish.
He was slain in battle.
He was slapped with a hefty fine.
He was slashed with a wide cicatrice of scar tissue.
He was sleeping all the day.
He was sleeping deeply.
He was sleeping in a bed.
He was sleeping in the bed.
He was sleeping in the mosque.
He was sleeping on his face.
He was sleeping on the mattress.
He was sleeping under the tree.
He was sleeping with someone.
He was sleeping.
He was sleepy.
He was slightly annoyed.
He was slightly drunk.
He was slightly injured in a traffic accident.
He was slightly red in the face.
He was sloshed.
He was slow in putting his idea into practice.
He was slow.
He was slowly heading towards the Pacific Ocean.
He was slowly lowered into the well.
He was slurring his words.
He was small, but strong.
He was smart.
He was smashed.
He was smelling the food.
He was smiling as if nothing had happened to him.
He was smiling at her all the time.
He was smiling at me cynically.
He was smiling.
He was smitten with your mother.
He was smoking a cigarette with his back against the wall.
He was smoking a hookah with lemon flavour.
He was smoking all the time.
He was smoking by the dumpster.
He was smoking on the porch.
He was smoking the entire time.
He was smoking the whole time.
He was smoking.
He was sneaky.
He was sniffing his armpits.
He was snoring loudly while he slept.
He was snoring loudly.
He was snoring.
He was so adamant in his refusal.
He was so afraid of ruining his shoes that he called a cab to take him downtown.
He was so afraid of snakes.
He was so angry as to be unable to speak.
He was so angry at her he couldn't even look at her.
He was so angry he couldn't speak.
He was so angry that he forgot to have dinner.
He was so angry that his veins stood out.
He was so angry, he was red in the face.
He was so angry.
He was so attracted by Islam.
He was so busy he skipped lunch.
He was so busy that he sent his son instead of going himself.
He was so busy.
He was so careless as to leave the door open.
He was so careless as to take the wrong train.
He was so childish that he couldn't resist temptation.
He was so childish that he couldn’t resist temptation.
He was so clever that he could solve the problem.
He was so clever that nothing was unsurmountable for him.
He was so confused that his answer did not make any sense.
He was so confused.
He was so cranky last night.
He was so creeped out in that house.
He was so curious about that.
He was so damned handsome when he smiled like that.
He was so disrespectful and rude.
He was so disrespectful.
He was so distracted that evening.
He was so drunk he couldn't stand up.
He was so drunk that he couldn't keep upright.
He was so drunk that he couldn't stand up.
He was so drunk that he couldn't stand.
He was so drunk that he couldn't stay upright.
He was so drunk that his explanation did not make sense.
He was so drunk, his explanations were nonsensical.
He was so enthusiastic that we started to dream about wealth.
He was so excited.
He was so fat that he couldn't get through the hole.
He was so fat that he couldn’t get through the hole.
He was so fortunate as it find a good job.
He was so fortunate as to escape death.
He was so fortunate as to find a good job.
He was so frightened that he could not speak for a moment.
He was so frightened that he ran for his life.
He was so funny at the party that I simply couldn't restrain my laughter.
He was so funny at the party that I simply couldn’t restrain my laughter.
He was so furious.
He was so good at football.
He was so greedy that he would try to squeeze blood from a stone.
He was so handsome.
He was so happy he did a little dance.
He was so happy to hear that.
He was so healthy up to the minute of his sudden death. You really never know what might happen next.
He was so hungry that he cleaned his plate in an instant.
He was so hungry that he didn't hesitate to eat everything on the plate.
He was so hungry that he didn’t hesitate to eat everything on the plate.
He was so hurt.
He was so ill, the doctor gave up on him.
He was so immature, he couldn't resist the temptation.
He was so intent on money-making that he had no time to think of anything else.
He was so interested that he gave it his attention.
He was so kind as to give the old man his seat.
He was so kind as to help us.
He was so kind as to lend us some money.
He was so kind as to offer his seat to me.
He was so kind as to see me home.
He was so kind as to show her the way.
He was so kind as to show me around the town.
He was so kind as to show me the way to the station.
He was so little.
He was so logical and boring.
He was so mad that he forgot to eat dinner.
He was so near that I couldn't avoid him.
He was so near that I couldn’t avoid him.
He was so nervous all he could do was pace up and down.
He was so nice.
He was so obsessed with money.
He was so overweight that his jowls wobbled when he talked.
He was so passionate about Algerian politics.
He was so poor that he could not buy the bread.
He was so poor that he couldn't buy bread.
He was so proud of himself.
He was so rich that he could buy any painting he took a fancy to.
He was so rude.
He was so sad that he almost went mad.
He was so scared he peed his pants.
He was so scared that he shit his pants.
He was so scared.
He was so shy that he walked far away from his shadow, because he was embarrassed to say hi to it.
He was so sick of those lies.
He was so sorry.
He was so startled that he ran outside barefoot.
He was so stupid as to tell a lie that might easily be found out.
He was so terrible to the children.
He was so terrified of snakes.
He was so terrified.
He was so thankful for science and the availability of vaccines.
He was so thirsty that he chugged an entire glass of milk.
He was so thirsty that he drank an entire glass of milk in a single gulp.
He was so tired from driving all night.
He was so tired that he could hardly move his legs.
He was so tired that he could hardly stand.
He was so tired that he could hardly walk.
He was so tired that he couldn't sleep.
He was so tired that he couldn't walk.
He was so tired that he couldn’t walk.
He was so tired that he fell asleep in the armchair without even finishing the movie.
He was so tired that he fell right to sleep.
He was so tired that he laid himself on the grass.
He was so upset he was shaking.
He was so upset.
He was so used to that kind of back-room wheeling and dealing that he didn't feel guilty.
He was so used to that kind of back-room wheeling and dealing that he didn’t feel guilty.
He was so vigorous in making love that his companion for the evening went down for the count.
He was so worried he was going to call the police.
He was soaked from head to toe.
He was soaked to the bone.
He was soaking wet from head to toe.
He was sobbing by the end of the film.
He was sobbing.
He was sober.
He was sold to the circus.
He was somehow able to get me into my bed.
He was somehow able to swim across the river.
He was someone who made his own luck.
He was something of a poet and used to write romantic poems.
He was somewhat better the following day.
He was somewhat disappointed to hear the news.
He was somewhat excited.
He was somewhere in Algeria.
He was somewhere in Algiers well past midnight.
He was soon able to swim well.
He was soon accepted into the family.
He was soon acclimated to his new job.
He was soon surrounded by sharks.
He was sorry.
He was sorting out some paperwork.
He was sound asleep in his room.
He was sound asleep.
He was speaking Arabic with a Kabyle accent.
He was speaking Berber.
He was speaking a strange language.
He was speaking about Islam.
He was speaking in Berber.
He was speaking to some neighbors.
He was speaking.
He was special.
He was specially desirous to help recluses and those who required spiritual consolation, and who were vexed by evil spirits.
He was speechless.
He was spied on by the Stasi.
He was spirited away by four police officers in the middle of the night.
He was spitting up blood and that's why I called the doctor.
He was spoiled by his mum and dad.
He was spoiled.
He was sponsored by a bunch of brands.
He was spotted in the shopping mall ten minutes ago.
He was spotted stealing cookies.
He was spotted.
He was sprawled out on his bed.
He was spreading mulch in the flower beds.
He was spreading rumors in town.
He was spying on me.
He was spying on the couple.
He was square.
He was squeezing a pimple on his chin.
He was stabbed in the back.
He was stabbed to death by his mother.
He was stabbed.
He was staggeringly ignorant of foreign affairs.
He was standing ankle-deep in water.
He was standing at the back of the queue.
He was standing at the door.
He was standing at the edge of the dark.
He was standing at the edge of the tunnel.
He was standing at the entrance of the library.
He was standing at the gate.
He was standing at the peek of the dune.
He was standing at the side of the road.
He was standing at the street corner.
He was standing at the top of the mountain.
He was standing at the top of the stairs.
He was standing behind her.
He was standing behind me with a smile on his face.
He was standing behind the door.
He was standing between us.
He was standing by his brother.
He was standing by the entrance.
He was standing by the gate with his hand in his pocket.
He was standing in a strange position.
He was standing in front of his wife's grave.
He was standing in line behind her.
He was standing in line.
He was standing in the middle of the road, near a large alder.
He was standing just a few metres away from me.
He was standing next to the back door.
He was standing on the floor.
He was standing on the platform.
He was standing on the slope.
He was standing on the table.
He was standing only a few meters away from me.
He was standing opposite the house.
He was standing right outside the window.
He was standing shoulder to shoulder.
He was standing still.
He was standing there with a vacant look.
He was standing there, gawping.
He was standing up.
He was standing very close to me. It was disturbing.
He was standing with his arms folded.
He was standing with his hands in his pockets.
He was standing.
He was staring at her boobs the whole time.
He was staring at her chest the whole time.
He was staring at her cleavage.
He was staring at her legs the whole time.
He was staring at her.
He was staring at him.
He was staring at himself in the mirror.
He was staring at me the entire time.
He was staring at me the whole entire time.
He was staring at me the whole time.
He was staring at me.
He was staring at me. Waiting for an answer.
He was staring at the lantern.
He was staring at the surveillance camera.
He was staring at the toilet water.
He was staring at the wall.
He was staring at the window.
He was staring in that direction.
He was staring into space.
He was staring into the fireplace.
He was staring straight ahead.
He was stark naked.
He was starting to doubt himself.
He was starting to get a little jealous.
He was starting to get annoyed.
He was starting to get upset.
He was starting to get worked up.
He was starting to lose hope.
He was startled by the explosion.
He was startled.
He was starving, he did not have what to eat.
He was starving.
He was stationed in Cyprus.
He was stationed in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was stationed near the border.
He was staying at a hotel.
He was staying at his girlfriend's house.
He was staying in Paris in 1939 when the Second World War broke out.
He was staying in Paris in 1939, when the Second World War broke out.
He was staying in the guest house.
He was staying on the podium.
He was staying with his aunt.
He was stealing food from the cafeteria.
He was stealing from strangers.
He was stealing those poems line by line.
He was stiff about it.
He was still a Muslim.
He was still a big mosque-goer.
He was still a virgin.
He was still alive when the rescue party arrived.
He was still angry about the accident, despite his wife's conciliatory words.
He was still anti-Islam.
He was still as still in the presence of danger.
He was still at university at that time.
He was still awake.
He was still breathing.
He was still concerned about the horses.
He was still glaring at us.
He was still having trouble with the car.
He was still in college at that time.
He was still in his teens when he founded a company.
He was still in shock about what happened to him.
He was still mad about the accident despite his wife's conciliatory words.
He was still mad about the accident despite his wife’s conciliatory words.
He was still mumbling something about hospitals at the end of the party when he slipped on a piece of ice and broke his left leg.
He was still on her ass, asking her who she had been texting.
He was still on his bed.
He was still on the dune.
He was still on the ship.
He was still planning to go to Kabylie.
He was still reluctant to give up the combination to the safe.
He was still singing.
He was still sleeping.
He was still strong enough to press a switch.
He was still strong enough to squeeze a switch.
He was still talking shit.
He was still talking.
He was still there this time last year.
He was still thinking back to everything that had happened.
He was still unable to see that light.
He was still working for the UN in Algeria.
He was stirring the stew.
He was stoned.
He was stopped from working.
He was stopping passers-by.
He was stranded on the island.
He was strangled with laughter!
He was strangled.
He was stressed, certainly, but sane.
He was stretching his arms.
He was stretching.
He was strict in disciplining his children.
He was strict with children.
He was strict with his children.
He was strict.
He was stroking his camel.
He was stroking his dick from top to bottom.
He was stroking his penis inside his shorts.
He was stroking his penis.
He was stroking my back.
He was strong enough to help his father on the farm.
He was strong for his age.
He was strong, with broad shoulders and dark eyes.
He was strong.
He was stronger than any other man.
He was strongly against all violence.
He was struck and killed by a tile that fell from the roof.
He was struck by Cupid's arrow.
He was struck by a bullet.
He was struck by her beauty.
He was struck by her eyes.
He was struck by her unusual beauty.
He was struck by lightning and died.
He was struck by lightning.
He was struck by the bullet.
He was struck by the cold.
He was struck off the list.
He was struck with blow after blow.
He was struck with polio when he was five.
He was struggling to climb that hill.
He was struggling to learn Berber.
He was struggling with his identity.
He was stubborn.
He was stuck at a meeting.
He was stuck at home with Mom.
He was stuck in a dilemma.
He was stuck in an avalanche.
He was stuck in the track.
He was stuck in the truck.
He was stuck in this little apartment.
He was stuck in traffic.
He was studying Berber.
He was studying Islam.
He was studying Pharmacy.
He was studying.
He was stumped by the problem.
He was stung by bees when he approached their hive.
He was stung.
He was stunned and didn't know how to answer.
He was stunned by her beauty.
He was stunned by what he heard.
He was stunned by what he saw.
He was stunned.
He was stupid enough to believe her.
He was stupid enough to believe what she said.
He was stupid.
He was subjected to insult.
He was subjected to severe criticism.
He was subjected to severe trials.
He was subjected to strict military discipline while in the service.
He was subjected to torture by the police.
He was subjected to violence.
He was substituted for his father.
He was substituted for the injured player.
He was substituted shortly before the end of the second half.
He was successful at learning Berber in just four months.
He was successful in business.
He was successful in several areas.
He was successful in the attempt.
He was such a bright boy others admired him.
He was such a good math teacher.
He was such a handsome man.
He was such a little geezer when I went away, and now he talks like a man.
He was such a materialistic person.
He was such a nice boy that he was loved by everybody.
He was sucked out into space.
He was suddenly attacked by a mysterious disease.
He was suddenly overcome by fear.
He was suddenly struck with chest pain.
He was suddenly very happy.
He was sued for insulting the president.
He was suffering from a bad headache.
He was suffering from a headache.
He was suffering from an incurable disease.
He was suffering from dementia.
He was suffering from smallpox.
He was suffering.
He was summoned as a witness.
He was summoned to appear in court.
He was super creepy.
He was supposed to be here.
He was supposed to be there at 8 o'clock but he didn't show up till ten.
He was supposed to be there at 8 o’clock but he didn’t show up till ten.
He was supposed to call around ten o'clock.
He was supposed to call her at ten.
He was supposed to come.
He was supposed to do that by himself.
He was supposed to get the company out of this mess.
He was supposed to give it back to me last week.
He was supposed to go back a month later.
He was supposed to go to school.
He was supposed to hand in his homework before the weekend.
He was supposed to leave a long time ago.
He was supposed to meet her at the movies.
He was supposed to return it to me last week.
He was supposed to speak to her in Berber.
He was supposed to speak with Tom.
He was supposedly Muslim.
He was sure he could do that again.
He was sure he could win.
He was sure he wouldn't like the news.
He was sure he'd closed that chapter of his life forever.
He was sure of himself.
He was sure of his work's accomplishment.
He was sure of his work’s accomplishment.
He was sure otherwise.
He was sure that everybody saw him.
He was sure that he would make a new discovery some day.
He was sure that he wouldn't like the news.
He was sure.
He was surprised at the long-distance phone bill.
He was surprised at the news.
He was surprised at the scene.
He was surprised at the sight of blood.
He was surprised by her candor.
He was surprised by that revelation.
He was surprised by the news.
He was surprised by the sudden appearance of his friend.
He was surprised by the unexpected outcome.
He was surprised by what he found.
He was surprised by what he learned.
He was surprised by what he saw.
He was surprised he heard nothing.
He was surprised his father had sold the farm.
He was surprised how little he knew once he researched the topic.
He was surprised that she remembered what he'd said to her.
He was surprised to find his stolen bag.
He was surprised to find that out.
He was surprised to find the great artist's masterpiece hung on the wall upside down.
He was surprised to find the great artist’s masterpiece hung on the wall upside down.
He was surprised to hear a cry from within.
He was surprised to hear about the murder case.
He was surprised to hear the news.
He was surprised to learn this.
He was surprised to see her.
He was surprised to see him.
He was surprised too.
He was surprised when I told him.
He was surprised, wasn't he?
He was surprised.
He was surrounded by a crowd of pressmen.
He was surrounded by a throng of reporters.
He was surrounded by an army of bodyguards.
He was surrounded by children.
He was surrounded by dinosaurs.
He was surrounded by his friends.
He was surrounded by savages.
He was surrounded by tall trees.
He was surrounded by the crowd.
He was suspect in that he had no alibi.
He was suspected of being active in a clandestine movement.
He was suspected of espionage.
He was suspected of underground action.
He was suspected.
He was suspended for four days.
He was suspended from school for a week for bad conduct.
He was suspended from school.
He was suspended upside down.
He was swallowed by the abyss.
He was sweating bullets.
He was sweating, and dried his forehead with his tie.
He was sweating, and mopped his brow with his tie.
He was sweating.
He was sweet.
He was swimming across the lagoon.
He was swimming in the lake.
He was swimming.
He was swindled.
He was swinging in the air.
He was swinging.
He was sworn in as mayor.
He was tackled and killed by a bear.
He was tailing me.
He was taken aback by the explosion.
He was taken aback by the question.
He was taken aback.
He was taken away by a policeman.
He was taken away by four police officers in the middle of the night.
He was taken away by the cops before he did anything else.
He was taken away in an ambulance.
He was taken away on a stretcher.
He was taken away.
He was taken by her.
He was taken care of by a certain young doctor.
He was taken care of by a young doctor.
He was taken directly to the workshop.
He was taken home.
He was taken ill.
He was taken in by the salesman.
He was taken into custody to face justice for the crime.
He was taken into custody.
He was taken off on a stretcher.
He was taken off the team because of his injury.
He was taken on by a large firm as a clerk.
He was taken out of the police station.
He was taken prisoner.
He was taken to Algeria very young.
He was taken to Algeria.
He was taken to a psychiatric hospital.
He was taken to a secret office.
He was taken to an old medieval castle.
He was taken to another room.
He was taken to hospital.
He was taken to the United States for trial.
He was taken to the center of New York City.
He was taken to the crime scene.
He was taken to the doctor.
He was taken to the hospital.
He was taken to the infirmary.
He was taken to the motel.
He was taken to the pantry.
He was taken to the police station.
He was taken unconscious to the hospital.
He was taken.
He was taking Berber classes.
He was taking a Berber class in college.
He was taking a Berber class.
He was taking a few liberties.
He was taking a photo.
He was taking a walk while holding a stick.
He was taking advantage of me.
He was taking his anger out on me.
He was taking off his coat.
He was taking photos of her.
He was taking pictures of the car nonstop.
He was taking revenge on them.
He was taking selfies with the cows.
He was talented.
He was talking about Islam.
He was talking about her.
He was talking about me.
He was talking about the delicious food they had eaten on their trip.
He was talking about the fight.
He was talking about the state of the world.
He was talking as he walked.
He was talking in his sleep.
He was talking nonsense.
He was talking shit about her.
He was talking shit about me, so I talked shit back.
He was talking shit, so I talked shit back.
He was talking to Salas and Skura.
He was talking to a customer.
He was talking to a girl.
He was talking to another man.
He was talking to her about her family.
He was talking to her about her new car.
He was talking to himself while making coffee.
He was talking to himself.
He was talking to his doctor.
He was talking to his dog.
He was talking to me in Berber as if I already knew it.
He was talking to me in Berber as if I knew it.
He was talking to me in Berber.
He was talking to some girl.
He was talking to someone in Berber.
He was talking to the principal.
He was talking.
He was tall and handsome.
He was tall, slim and strong.
He was taller.
He was tapping his fingers against the door.
He was tasered.
He was tasked with ensuring security at the party.
He was taught English by a non-native English teacher.
He was taught English by teachers who couldn't really speak the language.
He was taught French and given a dictionary.
He was taught that at school.
He was taught to fear Islam.
He was taught to fear Muslims.
He was teaching Berber as a second language.
He was teaching Berber in Algeria.
He was teaching Berber.
He was teaching English as a foreign language.
He was teaching Turkish.
He was teaching a Berber class.
He was teaching in that mosque.
He was teaching me Turkish.
He was teaching people how to recite the Quran.
He was teaching people the Quran.
He was teaching the children the ways of the forest.
He was tearing the family apart.
He was teasing Linda.
He was teasing her.
He was telling her about Islam.
He was telling her to not fight.
He was telling me about Islam.
He was telling the truth.
He was tempted to retort, but thought better of it.
He was tenacious.
He was tense with his new business.
He was tense.
He was terminally ill with cancer.
He was terribly excited.
He was terribly poor when he was young.
He was terrific.
He was terrified all through the night.
He was terrified at the sight of this huge snake.
He was terrified by the sudden power outage.
He was terrified of Islam.
He was terrified of Muslims.
He was terrified of snakes.
He was terrified of that house.
He was terrified they'd be there.
He was terrified.
He was tested.
He was texting her all the time.
He was texting her in Berber.
He was texting her.
He was texting his friend.
He was texting pictures of his private parts.
He was that angry.
He was the agent of her despair.
He was the agent of her grief.
He was the angriest man I've ever had the misfortune to meet!
He was the best and the bravest of knights.
He was the best dressed of them all.
He was the best shot in India, and I expect that there are few better in London.
He was the best-liked man in the country.
He was the best.
He was the brain behind the plot.
He was the brains behind the plot.
He was the champion for three years.
He was the classic handsome but damned boy.
He was the cock of the walk.
He was the complete opposite of a math teacher.
He was the envy of his friends.
He was the ever-living Somali poet whose poetry addressed themes of love, kindness, national solidarity and uncompromising directness.
He was the first actor I had met in my life.
He was the first in line.
He was the first man I interviewed for the job.
He was the first man in history to do this.
He was the first man that climbed Mount Everest.
He was the first man to climb Mount Everest.
He was the first man to climb Mt. Fuji in the winter.
He was the first man to climb Mt. Fuji in winter.
He was the first man to cross the Pacific.
He was the first man to float in space.
He was the first man to land on the moon.
He was the first one to hold the experiment.
He was the first person to arrive.
He was the first person to fly a circle around the whole world.
He was the first to arrive.
He was the first to carry out the experiment.
He was the first to come.
He was the first to enter the room.
He was the first to help her.
He was the first to help him.
He was the first to jump into the world of computers at our company.
He was the first.
He was the former boss.
He was the head of the League of Militant Atheists.
He was the idol of children.
He was the imam of the mosque at that time.
He was the imam of the mosque.
He was the instrument of his father's crimes.
He was the instrument of his father’s crimes.
He was the kind of guy who made everything he said the equivalent of a dog fart.
He was the kind of huntsman who could never successfully catch even a single animal.
He was the kind of kid who was always showing off to his classmates.
He was the kind of person in whom you can trust.
He was the king of rock-and-roll.
He was the last Arch Seneschal of the Holy Roman Empire.
He was the last but two to arrive.
He was the last customer.
He was the last one to get in line.
He was the last one to live in this house.
He was the last one who lived in this house.
He was the last person I expected to see here.
He was the last person I expected to see there.
He was the last person I expected to see.
He was the last person I had expected to see during my stay in America.
He was the last person to arrive.
He was the last person to finish eating.
He was the last to get in the car.
He was the last to leave.
He was the last.
He was the leader of the great expedition.
He was the leader of the movement.
He was the love of her life.
He was the mainstay of this family.
He was the man of her dreams.
He was the man of his dreams.
He was the man that broke the window yesterday.
He was the military hero of the Civil War.
He was the most authoritative among the people.
He was the most famous writer of his day.
He was the most generous of all the people, and he used to reach the peak in generosity in the month of Ramadan.
He was the most remarkable figure in the history of the city.
He was the object of great admiration from his classmates.
He was the oldest man present, and was celebrated among the villagers for the equity of his decisions.
He was the one that spoke up.
He was the one to end our communication and now he was calling back.
He was the one who asked me to do so.
He was the one who assisted us in difficult times.
He was the one who brought you here.
He was the one who called you.
He was the one who got the worst punishment.
He was the one who introduced me to Islam.
He was the one who organized the meeting.
He was the one who suggested it.
He was the only Muslim in town.
He was the only boy who solved the problem.
He was the only friend I made during the two years I was at college.
He was the only man.
He was the only one I could count on.
He was the only one drunk at the party.
He was the only one in that group who spoke fluent Berber.
He was the only one in the room.
He was the only one not invited to the party.
He was the only one not to understand that.
He was the only one who came to the party.
He was the only one who didn't realize it.
He was the only one who spoke.
He was the only one without a car.
He was the only person in the mosque.
He was the only person in the room at the time.
He was the only person to survive the fire.
He was the only recourse for his family after his father's death.
He was the only recourse for his family after his father’s death.
He was the only survivor.
He was the only witness of the accident.
He was the opposite of his brother in almost every respect, being unusually shy and reserved.
He was the opposite of his brother in almost every respect.
He was the organizer of the meeting.
He was the perfect man for her.
He was the president of the Town and Country Club and, besides owning a splendid stud, was also the possessor of a genuine Gainsborough.
He was the prototype for the main character.
He was the putative playboy of the librarian set.
He was the right person in the right place.
He was the ruler of the Inca Empire.
He was the runt of the litter.
He was the runt.
He was the same height as me.
He was the same size as her.
He was the scion of a wealthy family.
He was the scorn of the other boys.
He was the shyest man alive and hated to have to go among strangers or to any place where he might have to talk.
He was the son of a wealthy merchant.
He was the son of an imam.
He was the son of an ordinary Algerian peasant.
He was the sort of man you could get along with.
He was the standout in that tournament.
He was the star.
He was the strongest candidate for the position.
He was the strongest. He won the match.
He was the talk of the town.
He was the tallest man I'd ever seen.
He was the very last one.
He was the very last to arrive.
He was the very man for such a position.
He was the webmaster of an anime message board.
He was then a boy of ten.
He was then fresh from college.
He was then living from hand to mouth.
He was there at the start of the party, I saw him.
He was there by himself.
He was there first, so he got a good seat.
He was there for me at a really bad time.
He was there for me in silence, but present.
He was there just in time for the last train.
He was there on business.
He was there physically, but not mentally.
He was there that day.
He was there with his cousin.
He was there, too.
He was there, wasn't he?
He was there.
He was thinking about becoming Muslim.
He was thinking about converting to Islam.
He was thinking about entering the spelling bee.
He was thinking about his work with his eyes closed.
He was thinking about how quickly time passes.
He was thinking about telling her he loved her.
He was thinking about telling her that he loved her.
He was thinking all night.
He was thinking of her.
He was thinking of these three young men, his oldest playmates, with whom he had once played cops and robbers.
He was thinking strange thoughts.
He was thinking, with his arms folded.
He was third.
He was thirsty enough to drink a well dry.
He was thirsty so he drank up the water from a clay jar.
He was thirsty.
He was thirteen when he died.
He was thirteen when he first met her.
He was thirteen when he met her.
He was thirteen years old when he met her.
He was thirty recently.
He was thirty when he died.
He was thought to have been killed during the Second World War.
He was thought to have been killed in the Second World War.
He was thought to have perished, but he turned out to be alive.
He was thoughtless, wasn't he?
He was threatened.
He was threatening me.
He was three steps from the stairs.
He was three years old then.
He was thrilled to have another chance.
He was thrilled to see his favorite band at the concert.
He was thrilled with his new job offer.
He was thrilled.
He was thrown behind bars.
He was thrown from his horse.
He was thrown from the car.
He was thrown in jail.
He was thrown in prison for robbery.
He was thrown into the well.
He was thrown off the bus.
He was thrown off the overpass onto the road below.
He was thrown out of school.
He was thrown out of the courtroom.
He was thrown out of the restaurant for public indecency.
He was thrown out of work.
He was thrust into a position of awesome responsibility.
He was thundering at the door.
He was ticklish.
He was tidying up his room.
He was tied tightly to a bed.
He was tied to a tree.
He was tied to the tree with a rope.
He was timid.
He was tipsy.
He was tired and decided to enjoy a few minutes of rest at the river.
He was tired and nervous from overwork.
He was tired and that's why he went to bed early.
He was tired and therefore he went to bed early.
He was tired but worked.
He was tired by that time.
He was tired from his long walk.
He was tired from reading.
He was tired from walking round museums.
He was tired of being broke all the time.
He was tired of playing games.
He was tired of the same old hiking trail.
He was tired of waiting.
He was tired out by an awfully tough job.
He was tired out.
He was tired so he went to bed.
He was tired then.
He was tired, and yet he went to help them.
He was tired, but he kept on working.
He was tired, but he kept working.
He was tired, so he went to bed earlier.
He was tired, so he went to bed early.
He was tired.
He was tirelessly working to finish the project.
He was to all appearances a strong man.
He was to all intents and purposes deceived.
He was to dine with us.
He was to have arrived before noon.
He was to have called her up, but he forgot.
He was to have dined with us, but he became seriously sick all of a sudden.
He was to have started that day.
He was to regret the decision a week later.
He was to succeed to the throne.
He was to work at Dad's law practice.
He was told by his doctor to remain in bed.
He was told he couldn't do that.
He was told he couldn't win.
He was told he has to do that.
He was told he needs to do that.
He was told he should do that.
He was told he shouldn't do that.
He was told he was too short.
He was told that he had to do that.
He was told that he has to do that.
He was told that he should do that.
He was told that he was too short.
He was told to abstain from drinking by the doctor.
He was told to abstain from smoking and drinking.
He was told to buy the dress.
He was told to do that by himself.
He was told to expect her help.
He was told to get off at the station.
He was told to move out.
He was told to move.
He was told to remain standing all the way to go there.
He was told to stand up, and he did so slowly.
He was told to stand up, and he did so.
He was told to stand up, and he slowly did so.
He was too afraid to fall asleep.
He was too afraid.
He was too angry to speak.
He was too astonished to reply.
He was too busy to notice it.
He was too busy worrying about her to worry about himself.
He was too clever for me and I was done brown.
He was too cowardly to defend her.
He was too curious.
He was too drunk to drive home.
He was too drunk to remember to shut the back door.
He was too embarrassed to do it.
He was too embarrassed to utter a word in front of the crowd.
He was too fat.
He was too feeble to do manual labor.
He was too flummoxed to reply.
He was too foolish to avoid making such errors.
He was too frail to play games outdoors.
He was too gobsmacked to reply.
He was too intent on studying to hear my call.
He was too late.
He was too lazy to study and work.
He was too long under water.
He was too obstinate, but on the other hand he was reliable.
He was too old to resist.
He was too old to swim.
He was too old to walk.
He was too old to work any more.
He was too old.
He was too proud to accept any reward.
He was too proud to do it.
He was too scared to say this to the her face.
He was too scared to stick around.
He was too scared to walk home by himself.
He was too short to get at the grapes.
He was too short to reach the top shelf.
He was too shy to do that.
He was too shy to take part in games with the other boys.
He was too shy to walk into the mosque.
He was too sleepy to read an evening paper.
He was too sleepy to read the evening newspaper.
He was too sleepy to read the evening paper.
He was too stunned to talk.
He was too tired to go any farther.
He was too tired to go any further.
He was too tired to keep walking.
He was too tired to read the evening paper.
He was too tired to study.
He was too tired to walk any farther.
He was too tired to walk any further.
He was too tired to walk any more.
He was too tired to walk further.
He was too tired to walk home.
He was too upset to distinguish vice from virtue.
He was too weak.
He was too young for that mission.
He was too young to go to school.
He was too young to live alone.
He was tormented by some deep sorrow.
He was torn to pieces by dogs.
He was tortured and murdered.
He was tortured by guilt.
He was tortured by his own daughter.
He was tortured by his own father.
He was tortured by his own mother.
He was tortured by his own parents.
He was tortured by his own son.
He was tortured by his own wife.
He was tortured in public.
He was tortured.
He was tossing the ball in the air.
He was totally drunk.
He was totally flirting with you at the bar.
He was totally naked.
He was totally out.
He was totally silent.
He was totally unaware of what was happening.
He was touchy.
He was tough.
He was toweling sweat off his face.
He was towelling his hair.
He was tracked back to Dina's house.
He was tracked down by the police.
He was tracked with the Apple watch.
He was traded, so to speak, to the rival firm.
He was trained as a doctor.
He was trained as a lawyer.
He was trained by an expert.
He was training to be a Berber-language broadcaster.
He was trampled to death by a giraffe.
He was transferred to a prison near Algiers.
He was transferred to another cell.
He was transferred to the head office in Tokyo.
He was transferred to the intensive care unit as his condition deteriorated.
He was transfixed by her beauty.
He was transported to a local hospital.
He was transported to the hospital by helicopter.
He was transported with joy.
He was trapped at the bottom of that deep hole, waiting to die.
He was trapped in a dead-end job.
He was trapped in a well.
He was trapped in that deep hole, waiting ton die.
He was trapped in that room.
He was trapped in that stone for so many centuries.
He was trapped in the past.
He was trapped inside the cabin.
He was trapped inside the classroom.
He was trapped.
He was traumatized a lot.
He was traveling in Algeria at the time.
He was traveling in Algeria.
He was traveling in that train which derailed.
He was traveling in the Philippines this time last year.
He was traveling in the Philippines this time of last year.
He was traveling on a diplomatic passport.
He was traveling on an Algerian diplomatic passport.
He was traveling on his Algerian passport.
He was traveling with a diplomatic passport.
He was travelling on business.
He was treated at the hospital.
He was treated badly.
He was treated differently.
He was treated terribly.
He was treated well but still was scared.
He was treated with great cruelty.
He was treated with respect.
He was treating injured soldiers.
He was trembling with fear.
He was trembling with rage.
He was trepanned.
He was tricked into doing it.
He was tricked.
He was tried for murder.
He was tried in Algeria.
He was tried.
He was troubled.
He was truly a renowned professor who took the time to break every problem down step-by-step. Even a poor student like myself was able to follow along with and grasp such complex equations.
He was truly famous.
He was truthful.
He was trying not to slip.
He was trying not to think of his problems.
He was trying on clothes.
He was trying so hard that he turned red.
He was trying so hard to go to Algeria.
He was trying that.
He was trying to abduct that girl.
He was trying to accept the inevitable end.
He was trying to be funny.
He was trying to be tough at all costs.
He was trying to break in.
He was trying to catch a Smurf.
He was trying to climb the corporate ladder.
He was trying to come across as likable.
He was trying to come to Algeria.
He was trying to control his anger.
He was trying to convert me to his ideas.
He was trying to convince me to invest in that business.
He was trying to deceive the wait by sipping a beer at the bar.
He was trying to descredit Larry.
He was trying to destroy evidence.
He was trying to distract Jonathan.
He was trying to escape the city.
He was trying to escape through the window.
He was trying to explain this to me in Berber.
He was trying to feed the dogs.
He was trying to find a good name for the restaurant.
He was trying to find a way out of the tunnels.
He was trying to find excuses to leave Islam.
He was trying to find himself.
He was trying to find the guy who hit him on the head.
He was trying to find the remote.
He was trying to get closer.
He was trying to get his shoes on.
He was trying to get in.
He was trying to get used to the new lifestyle.
He was trying to hide behind her.
He was trying to hide from the monster.
He was trying to hide his own identity from everybody as long as he could.
He was trying to impress the jury.
He was trying to keep her warm.
He was trying to kill me.
He was trying to kiss her.
He was trying to make a run for it.
He was trying to make a video game.
He was trying to make an experiment in physics.
He was trying to make his way to the top.
He was trying to memorize the orders.
He was trying to move into that place.
He was trying to persuade me to embrace his ideas.
He was trying to protect her.
He was trying to protect them.
He was trying to put the pieces of the puzzle in place.
He was trying to read the map.
He was trying to run fast enough to lose the cops.
He was trying to salvage any pride that he had.
He was trying to say something in Berber.
He was trying to settle the child down.
He was trying to slink into the house.
He was trying to stay out of trouble.
He was trying to study the Quran.
He was trying to summon a monster.
He was trying to take my girl.
He was trying to talk to that girl.
He was trying to tell Mom what happened.
He was trying to tell her that.
He was trying to think of a solution.
He was trying to watch the show.
He was trying to write a song.
He was tumbled out of the car.
He was turned into a frog.
He was twelve years old.
He was twenty-two years old.
He was twenty-two.
He was two months behind on rent.
He was tying his horse to the fence.
He was typing in Berber.
He was ugly.
He was ugly. But what he lacked in beauty, he made up for in talent.
He was unable to answer my question.
He was unable to attend the meeting.
He was unable to complete the mission.
He was unable to completely give up on his hopes of marrying her.
He was unable to conceal his anger.
He was unable to control himself any longer.
He was unable to control his anger.
He was unable to decide who he should vote for.
He was unable to explain himself.
He was unable to help her.
He was unable to help him.
He was unable to help me.
He was unable to help them.
He was unable to hide his reaction.
He was unable to hide his tears.
He was unable to join us this evening.
He was unable to learn it.
He was unable to move.
He was unable to read much of it.
He was unable to remember what he had eaten for breakfast.
He was unable to resist the temptation.
He was unable to restrain himself.
He was unable to run fast as he was over 60.
He was unable to withstand the torture.
He was unafraid.
He was unarmed.
He was unaware of the danger.
He was unaware of the enormity of the offense.
He was unaware of the situation.
He was uncertain about which way to go.
He was uncomfortable being in that house.
He was unconscious for several days.
He was unconscious for three days.
He was unconscious most of the time.
He was unconscious of his guilt.
He was unconscious.
He was under suspicion of being a spy.
He was under the influence of alcohol and drugs.
He was under the influence of alcohol when he crashed his car.
He was under the influence of alcohol.
He was under the influence of prescription drugs.
He was underwater for three minutes.
He was undoubtedly one of the finest boxers of his weight that I have ever seen.
He was unfair when he said that word about him.
He was unfair.
He was unfamiliar with that airport.
He was unfit to plead.
He was unflappable in the face of danger.
He was unfriendly, wasn't he?
He was unhappy because she wouldn't ask him anything.
He was unhappy.
He was unharmed in the collision.
He was unharmed.
He was unhurt.
He was unimpressed.
He was unjust in uttering that statement about him.
He was unkind.
He was unlucky in love.
He was unlucky, wasn't he?
He was unlucky.
He was unprepared.
He was unrecognizable.
He was unshaven.
He was unsteady on his feet.
He was unsure how he would get there, and when.
He was unsure of what to do.
He was unsure what he should do.
He was unsure what he would be, and whether.
He was untidy.
He was unwilling to apologise to Mikko.
He was unwilling to go by himself.
He was unwilling to go.
He was unwilling to leave without money.
He was unwilling to tell us his name.
He was up all night.
He was up early.
He was up late last night studying.
He was up on the deck, taking a look around.
He was up until about 2:00 a.m. reading a book.
He was up with her all night.
He was up.
He was uplifted.
He was upset about that.
He was upset by the insult.
He was upset with Skura.
He was upset.
He was upstairs.
He was urgent in insisting that she call the doctor.
He was used as a tool.
He was used to going out at night.
He was used.
He was using his phone.
He was using that phone at that time.
He was using the orphans for labor.
He was utterly perplexed.
He was vacationing in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was vague.
He was venting.
He was very affected by the death of his cat.
He was very affectionate with his parents.
He was very aggressive, wasn't he?
He was very angry about that.
He was very angry with me when I forgot the appointment.
He was very angry, wasn't he?
He was very annoyed.
He was very anxious on the eve of the exam.
He was very anxious to please.
He was very apologetic for the mistake.
He was very ashamed of not being able to make his point.
He was very attached to the ring that his father had given him.
He was very badly situated.
He was very busy all day long.
He was very busy all day.
He was very busy this week.
He was very busy today.
He was very busy.
He was very calm.
He was very careful for fear he should make a mistake.
He was very clear about that.
He was very close about his past.
He was very complimentary about her riding.
He was very confusing.
He was very convincing, wasn't he?
He was very dirty when he got home.
He was very displeased that King Hákon had plundered his land.
He was very drunk.
He was very excited by the scene.
He was very excited.
He was very fast.
He was very fat, but had apparently at some time been much fatter, so that the skin hung about his face in loose pouches, like the cheeks of a blood-hound.
He was very fat, but had apparently at some time been much fatter.
He was very flamboyant.
He was very friendly to everybody.
He was very friendly, wasn't he?
He was very friendly.
He was very fun.
He was very generous.
He was very gifted and talented.
He was very glad when she offered to help him fix his roof.
He was very good at playing tennis.
He was very gracious to let us take a picture of him.
He was very handsome.
He was very happy during his school days.
He was very happy in his school days.
He was very happy to be home again.
He was very happy.
He was very hurt by her cruel words.
He was very ill last week.
He was very impatient to see his daughter.
He was very influential and was known as a major player in the industry.
He was very influential in my life.
He was very insistent.
He was very kind and responsible.
He was very kind and responsive.
He was very kind to invite me to his birthday party.
He was very kind to me at the party.
He was very kind to them.
He was very kind.
He was very knowledgeable about Islam.
He was very late in returning—so late that I knew that the concert could not have detained him all the time.
He was very late, wasn't he?
He was very learned, but he didn't know it.
He was very learned, but he didn’t know it.
He was very lonely.
He was very mad.
He was very much disappointed at the news.
He was very much frightened at the sight of the big snake.
He was very much involved in the Oran party scene.
He was very much on his own.
He was very naughty in his boyhood.
He was very naughty when he was a little boy.
He was very nervous.
He was very old and could be someone's grandfather.
He was very old and ill.
He was very old.
He was very open about those things.
He was very outgoing.
He was very passionate, but he smoked too much.
He was very patient, wasn't he?
He was very patient.
He was very persistent.
He was very persuasive, wasn't he?
He was very persuasive.
He was very pleased when he saw him.
He was very pleased with the result.
He was very polite to them.
He was very poor.
He was very proud of himself.
He was very proud of his children.
He was very puzzled.
He was very quick.
He was very reckless, wasn't he?
He was very rich, and therefore could buy a mansion.
He was very rude to her.
He was very rude, wasn't he?
He was very sad yesterday.
He was very sad.
He was very sarcastic, wasn't he?
He was very scared when he saw that large snake.
He was very scared when he saw this big snake.
He was very serious.
He was very shy and sweet.
He was very shy.
He was very sick but his health is improving.
He was very special to me.
He was very specific about it.
He was very stubborn, wasn't he?
He was very sure he had to do that.
He was very sure she could take care of herself.
He was very sure that she could take care of herself.
He was very surprised.
He was very talkative, wasn't he?
He was very tall and slim, with long arms and legs.
He was very tall and thin, with long arms and legs.
He was very tall for a thirteen-year-old.
He was very tall, so I recognized him at once.
He was very tall.
He was very thirsty and asked for some water.
He was very tired by hard work.
He was very tired, so he went to bed early.
He was very tired.
He was very unfair.
He was very unhappy about having to spend his birthday in the hospital.
He was very unhappy, wasn't he?
He was very unskilled at his job, so the manager fired him.
He was very vain and was always checking himself out in the mirror.
He was very vulnerable after his divorce.
He was very well connected in Kabylie.
He was very well known.
He was very wild in his youth.
He was very worried about having to spend Christmas in the hospital.
He was very worried about her.
He was victorious.
He was violating her body.
He was violating school rules and consequently he was expelled.
He was violent.
He was visibly bothered.
He was visibly nervous.
He was visibly upset.
He was visiting Algiers for the summer.
He was visiting Algiers.
He was visiting a construction site.
He was visiting his foster mother.
He was volunteering at the shelter.
He was voted out.
He was voted prom king.
He was wabbit from the long night of having to take care of his poor wife who had just delivered a baby.
He was wading through mud.
He was waiting a long time.
He was waiting at home in his armchair.
He was waiting at school for over an hour.
He was waiting at the bus stop.
He was waiting at the park entrance.
He was waiting for Mom to come back.
He was waiting for Mom.
He was waiting for a bus.
He was waiting for a long time.
He was waiting for a special delivery.
He was waiting for her on her porch.
He was waiting for her.
He was waiting for his master.
He was waiting for long hours.
He was waiting for me all morning.
He was waiting for somebody to do that for him, but nobody did, so he did it himself.
He was waiting for someone to do that for him, but no one did, so he did it himself.
He was waiting for the elevator.
He was waiting for the hairstylist.
He was waiting for the right moment.
He was waiting for them outside.
He was waiting in the parking lot.
He was waiting inside the room.
He was waiting on the platform.
He was waiting on the shore.
He was waiting outside.
He was waiting tables.
He was waiting to pick up a relative or friend.
He was waiting.
He was walking a dog.
He was walking about in the town.
He was walking ahead of the car.
He was walking alone down the street, his heart heavy and his thoughts lost in the past.
He was walking along the fence.
He was walking along the street.
He was walking around in the woods.
He was walking around with that huge balloon all day.
He was walking around with the head of a dog in his hands.
He was walking at a good pace.
He was walking back home from practice.
He was walking back to the house.
He was walking behind her.
He was walking carefully, scanning the road.
He was walking down the hall.
He was walking down the road one dusky evening.
He was walking down the street.
He was walking in front of me.
He was walking in front of the car.
He was walking in the park with nothing on his mind.
He was walking in the water.
He was walking on the sidewalk.
He was walking out.
He was walking slowly down the street.
He was walking slowly with his head down.
He was walking through the forest.
He was walking through the woods during a light drizzle.
He was walking to that room.
He was walking to the exit.
He was walking to the store, but stopped next to her house.
He was walking toward the sea.
He was walking toward the town where he would be put in prison.
He was walking towards the airport’s exit.
He was walking up and down the station platform.
He was walking up the hill at a steady pace.
He was walking up the stairs.
He was walking while holding a stick.
He was walking with a stick in his hand.
He was walking with his hands in his pockets.
He was walking with his shoulders squared.
He was walking, accompanied by his students.
He was walking.
He was wandering through the house, talking to himself.
He was wanted for a multitude of crimes.
He was wanted in Algeria on embezzling charges.
He was wanted.
He was warm.
He was warmly welcomed.
He was warned not to be late for school again.
He was warned several times.
He was wary.
He was washing his towels.
He was washing in a public washroom.
He was washing up.
He was wasted away by illness.
He was wasting everybody's time.
He was wasting so much time on that.
He was watchful for any sign of diabetes.
He was watching Algerian TV.
He was watching Linda.
He was watching TV last night.
He was watching TV yesterday.
He was watching TV.
He was watching YouTube.
He was watching a documentary about Islam.
He was watching a meteor shower.
He was watching a movie.
He was watching him through binoculars.
He was watching him.
He was watching how the children were swimming.
He was watching it.
He was watching me closely.
He was watching me with intense curiosity.
He was watching television all day.
He was watching the news.
He was watching the planes fly by overhead.
He was watching the scene with breathless interest.
He was watching through the cracks.
He was watching us eat in the gazebo.
He was watching what was happening very carefully.
He was watering his garden with a hose.
He was way behind on his rent. As a result, he was evicted from his apartment.
He was waylaid by a band of guerrillas.
He was weak as a rat, and had no appetite.
He was weak enough to succumb to temptation.
He was weak from the loss of blood.
He was weak.
He was weakened by illness and injury.
He was wealthy.
He was wearing Italian boots.
He was wearing a black jacket with blue stripes.
He was wearing a cap.
He was wearing a clean pair of trousers.
He was wearing a condom.
He was wearing a dinner jacket.
He was wearing a double-breasted jacket.
He was wearing a flannel shirt.
He was wearing a garish tie.
He was wearing a gold necklace and a coat made of bird feathers.
He was wearing a grey coat.
He was wearing a hat.
He was wearing a leather mask.
He was wearing a light blue tie.
He was wearing a long black coat that reached almost to his ankles.
He was wearing a mask.
He was wearing a pair of flip flops.
He was wearing a silly hat.
He was wearing a suit, and she an outfit.
He was wearing a suit.
He was wearing a t-shirt.
He was wearing a threadbare suit.
He was wearing a tux.
He was wearing a tuxedo.
He was wearing a white hat.
He was wearing all black.
He was wearing basketball shorts and a t-shirt.
He was wearing basketball shorts.
He was wearing black trousers and a beautiful white shirt.
He was wearing dark clothing.
He was wearing enormous size 13 clodhoppers.
He was wearing glasses.
He was wearing goggles.
He was wearing headphones.
He was wearing himself out.
He was wearing his clothes inside out.
He was wearing his new hat.
He was wearing his red tracksuit.
He was wearing his usual uniform of safari-style khakis, a pith helmet on his head and a holstered spade hanging from his belt.
He was wearing jeans.
He was wearing long boots.
He was wearing long robes.
He was wearing nothing but a raincoat.
He was wearing nothing but his underwear.
He was wearing red trousers.
He was wearing rubber boots.
He was wearing shorts.
He was wearing silly shoes.
He was wearing skinny jeans.
He was wearing sunglasses.
He was wearing tennis shoes, while we were wearing mountain boots.
He was wearing those glasses.
He was weary.
He was weird and stupid.
He was weird.
He was welcome wherever he went.
He was welcomed by the people there.
He was welcomed everywhere.
He was welcomed warmly by the imam.
He was welcomed wherever he went.
He was welcomed with loud shouting by the people.
He was welcomed with words of encouragement.
He was welcoming the guests.
He was well brought up.
He was well built, if not fat as such.
He was well but quietly dressed in a dark-grey suit, and carried a brown wide-awake in his hand.
He was well but quietly dressed in a dark-grey suit.
He was well known throughout the country.
He was well liked by his teammates.
He was well on in years.
He was well prepared for the exam.
He was well regarded by hundreds of students.
He was well satisfied to be bashaw of an atoll, unused to greater comfort as he was, and enamored of reef and palm, and the lazy, unstandardized life of the South Seas.
He was well-liked and trusted.
He was well.
He was wet all over.
He was wet to the skin from the rain.
He was wet.
He was whacked out.
He was what you would call a "cultural Muslim."
He was where Tom said he would be.
He was where he said he'd be.
He was whisked away by the bodyguards.
He was whispering angrily.
He was whistling a tune.
He was white as chalk.
He was white-lipped.
He was white.
He was wide awake.
He was wide open in the endzone.
He was wild about her, and he knew that she was wild about him, and only one thing--his great secret--stood in the way of their perfect bliss.
He was wild with anger.
He was willing and able to pay the debt in less than 3 years to avoid interest.
He was willing to care for that cat.
He was willing to do it.
He was willing to give up everything for her.
He was willing to help her wash up.
He was willing to help others.
He was willing to pay ten thousand dollars for the fishing trip.
He was willing to work for others.
He was winning.
He was wise enough to take her advice.
He was wise not to participate in it.
He was wiser than the previous rulers.
He was with God in the beginning.
He was with her.
He was with him.
He was with his daughters.
He was with his parents.
He was with me.
He was with someone when I saw him.
He was with us.
He was within an ace of success.
He was without a male figure in the home.
He was witty.
He was wonderful.
He was wonderfully good-looking, with his crisp brown hair, his clear-cut profile, and his grey eyes.
He was wondering the same thing.
He was working at a doctor's office.
He was working at the cafe.
He was working at the office yesterday evening.
He was working at the park.
He was working behind the counter.
He was working day and night.
He was working for the common good.
He was working hard and later he would do the tests.
He was working hard on the field last night.
He was working hard.
He was working here.
He was working in Algeria.
He was working in Kabylie.
He was working on a farm.
He was working on a new novel in Berber.
He was working on a secret project.
He was working there.
He was working under the snow.
He was working when he was young.
He was working with a Muslim.
He was working with an important project.
He was working with other Muslims.
He was working with the Algerian ministry of religious affairs.
He was working with the ministry of religious affairs.
He was working.
He was worn out after hours of work.
He was worn out when he got home.
He was worn out.
He was worried about Skura.
He was worried about appearances.
He was worried about her.
He was worried about his children.
He was worried about his grades.
He was worried about his health.
He was worried about this news.
He was worried about what his girlfriend thought of his package.
He was worried sick about her.
He was worried sick.
He was worried that he'd get lost.
He was worried.
He was wounded by a bullet.
He was wounded during a shoot-out with the police.
He was wounded in a burglary.
He was wounded in battle.
He was wounded in the ambush.
He was wounded in the battle.
He was wounded in the body.
He was wounded in the fight.
He was wounded in the head.
He was wounded in the shoulder.
He was wounded in the war.
He was wounded.
He was writing a biography of a famous poet.
He was writing a letter and listening to music.
He was writing a letter while listening to music.
He was writing a report.
He was writing a song in Berber.
He was writing an anti-Islam book.
He was writing for an Algerian magazine.
He was writing.
He was wrong about that.
He was wrong about the maid.
He was wrong and I told him so.
He was wrong in thinking that she'd come to see him.
He was wrong to go ahead with the plan.
He was wrong, wasn't he?
He was wrong.
He was yanked out of the car and put on handcuffs.
He was yawning.
He was yelling.
He was young and exciting.
He was young and foolish.
He was young and innocent.
He was young.
He was your friend, wasn't he?
He was your teacher, wasn't he?
He was zealous in satisfying his employer.
He was, doubtless, totally unconscious that he was to be the chief personage in this most important story, or he would have acted out his real nature with all the vim and pathos which heroes always manifest in like circumstances.
He was, in the true sense of the term, a man of culture.
He was, is, and will be, my best friend.
He was, to some degree, satisfied with the result.
He was, which was rare for him, in a bad temper.
He was.
He washed all of the dishes.
He washed all the clothes.
He washed an apple.
He washed apples.
He washed each towel in hot water.
He washed everything.
He washed her car for her.
He washed her car.
He washed her dirty hands before the meal.
He washed himself in the stream.
He washed himself.
He washed his belly button.
He washed his car.
He washed his clothes.
He washed his dog yesterday.
He washed his face and hands.
He washed his face with cold water.
He washed his face with water and soap.
He washed his face.
He washed his hair.
He washed his hands and his feet.
He washed his hands of all blame.
He washed his hands quickly.
He washed his hands with hot water.
He washed his hands.
He washed his towel with plenty of water.
He washed his towels in cold water.
He washed his towels in cool water.
He washed his towels in hot water.
He washed his towels in super hot water.
He washed his towels in very hot water.
He washed his towels properly.
He washed his towels with fabric softener.
He washed his towels with odor cleanse.
He washed the apples.
He washed the blood off his hands.
He washed the blood off his sword.
He washed the car.
He washed the dirt off his face.
He washed the dishes and the cutlery.
He washed the dishes.
He washed the kitchen towels in boiling water.
He washed the loquats.
He washed the plates up to surprise her.
He washed the towel twice.
He washed the towels in the kitchen sink.
He washed the towels in the sink.
He washed the towels in the tub.
He washed up the dishes while she put the children to bed.
He washed up.
He washes himself.
He washes his car at least once a week.
He washes his car every morning.
He washes his car every week.
He washes his car once a week.
He washes his hair every day.
He washes his hair.
He washes his hands all the time.
He washes his hands frequently.
He washes his head.
He washes his t-shirt.
He washes his towels after every use.
He washes his towels every Friday.
He washes his towels every single day.
He washes his towels every week.
He washes his towels once a week.
He washes his towels the wrong way.
He washes his towels with natural products.
He washes his towels with this laundry detergent.
He washes lettuce.
He washes my dog.
He washes my lettuce.
He washes the bike every week.
He washes the car every week.
He washes the car.
He washes the pants.
He wasn't Muslim.
He wasn't OK.
He wasn't a Muslim.
He wasn't a bisexual. None of it is true.
He wasn't a crazy fan so much as just crazy.
He wasn't a cross-dresser. None of it is true.
He wasn't a dancer.
He wasn't a good friend.
He wasn't a good musician.
He wasn't a good politician.
He wasn't a good worker.
He wasn't a guy who showed a lot of emotions.
He wasn't a particularly successful lawyer.
He wasn't a photographer!
He wasn't a shepherd.
He wasn't a theoretician, she says, he was interested in the practical application of knowledge.
He wasn't able to attend the party.
He wasn't able to convert his uncle to Islam.
He wasn't able to defend himself.
He wasn't able to do anything for her.
He wasn't able to do that by himself.
He wasn't able to explain himself.
He wasn't able to explain what had happened.
He wasn't able to find a place to park.
He wasn't able to find her.
He wasn't able to find his shoes.
He wasn't able to find housing.
He wasn't able to finish in time.
He wasn't able to finish on time.
He wasn't able to fix his car by himself.
He wasn't able to graduate.
He wasn't able to have kids.
He wasn't able to hear you.
He wasn't able to help her.
He wasn't able to impress her.
He wasn't able to make himself understood in French.
He wasn't able to make himself understood.
He wasn't able to marry her.
He wasn't able to meet her.
He wasn't able to open the box.
He wasn't able to pass the examination.
He wasn't able to pick up the check.
He wasn't able to protect her.
He wasn't able to reach his goal.
He wasn't able to resist eating roasted pig as it looks delicious despite that he has hypertension.
He wasn't able to restrain himself.
He wasn't able to save her.
He wasn't able to stand up at once.
He wasn't able to start his car.
He wasn't able to swim.
He wasn't able to take care of her.
He wasn't able to talk to her.
He wasn't able to understand the meaning of the text.
He wasn't about to pass up that once-in-a-lifetime chance.
He wasn't accustomed to reading the Quran.
He wasn't acquainted with the situation.
He wasn't actually going to jump.
He wasn't afraid of death.
He wasn't afraid.
He wasn't alive.
He wasn't allowed into the restaurant because his tee shirt had a swear word on it.
He wasn't allowed to go to Algeria.
He wasn't allowed to help her.
He wasn't allowed to leave the house.
He wasn't allowed to work in Algeria.
He wasn't alone anymore.
He wasn't alone.
He wasn't always a minister.
He wasn't always an imam.
He wasn't always like that.
He wasn't always like this.
He wasn't an especially good pupil at school.
He wasn't angry with Eliza.
He wasn't angry with Mom.
He wasn't angry.
He wasn't armed.
He wasn't around.
He wasn't arrested in Paris.
He wasn't as handsome as she told me.
He wasn't at all satisfied.
He wasn't at his best.
He wasn't at home when I called on him.
He wasn't at home when I phoned him.
He wasn't at home when I phoned.
He wasn't at home when I rang him.
He wasn't at home when I rang.
He wasn't at home, was he?
He wasn't at school because he was ill.
He wasn't at school because he was sick.
He wasn't at school today.
He wasn't at the park.
He wasn't at work today.
He wasn't aware that she was hoping he'd kiss her.
He wasn't bad.
He wasn't bald.
He wasn't bisexual. None of it is true.
He wasn't bleeding from the nose.
He wasn't bossy.
He wasn't buried with her.
He wasn't busy, was he?
He wasn't busy.
He wasn't careful while crossing the bridge.
He wasn't careful.
He wasn't certain in which direction he should go and he'd forgotten whither he was traveling and who he was.
He wasn't clear.
He wasn't concerned with his afterlife.
He wasn't conscious of the president's decision to drop the line.
He wasn't cooperative.
He wasn't crazy about going to Algiers. She was the one who wanted to move there.
He wasn't crazy.
He wasn't cruel.
He wasn't crying, but his eyes were cloudy.
He wasn't crying. He just got soot in his eyes.
He wasn't curious about that.
He wasn't destined to see her again.
He wasn't disappointed.
He wasn't done.
He wasn't drunk.
He wasn't eager to move to Kabylie.
He wasn't earning a large salary when he retired.
He wasn't easy to persuade.
He wasn't embarrassed.
He wasn't enjoying himself.
He wasn't entirely surprised to see her.
He wasn't even able to pay the bills.
He wasn't even born in Kabylie.
He wasn't even in Kabylie at the time.
He wasn't even there.
He wasn't exactly a man so much as he was a boy.
He wasn't exactly a stranger.
He wasn't exactly boyfriend material.
He wasn't exactly happy about it.
He wasn't exactly overflowing with enthusiasm.
He wasn't exactly thrilled to see her.
He wasn't exceptional.
He wasn't expected at home.
He wasn't expecting me to help him.
He wasn't expecting that gift.
He wasn't expecting to see you.
He wasn't fair.
He wasn't familiar with Berber.
He wasn't familiar with the situation.
He wasn't fat.
He wasn't feeding the dogs properly.
He wasn't fighting, was he?
He wasn't fired.
He wasn't foolish enough to tell that story around her.
He wasn't fully aware of that.
He wasn't fully aware of this.
He wasn't funny.
He wasn't gaining any ground.
He wasn't gay. None of it is true.
He wasn't getting as many movie efforts anymore.
He wasn't getting on well in his job, so he quit.
He wasn't given any reward for his service.
He wasn't glad to see Gregory.
He wasn't going to come, but he changed his mind at the last minute.
He wasn't going to give up.
He wasn't going to the mosque.
He wasn't good at math.
He wasn't good at the violin.
He wasn't good.
He wasn't happy in spite of all his wealth.
He wasn't happy to see her.
He wasn't happy with his life in Paris.
He wasn't happy with the outcome.
He wasn't happy with what he saw.
He wasn't happy.
He wasn't helping her.
He wasn't here earlier, was he?
He wasn't here last week.
He wasn't here.
He wasn't hired for sympathy.
He wasn't home yesterday, was he?
He wasn't home.
He wasn't hot.
He wasn't hungry, he left without eating.
He wasn't hungry.
He wasn't hurt in the accident.
He wasn't hurt.
He wasn't impressed by what he saw.
He wasn't in Kabylie at the time.
He wasn't in a gang.
He wasn't in a position to give any interview.
He wasn't in his bedroom.
He wasn't in his office.
He wasn't in his room this morning.
He wasn't in his room.
He wasn't in the kitchen.
He wasn't in the mood for anything else.
He wasn't in the mood.
He wasn't in when I phoned him.
He wasn't in when I phoned.
He wasn't in when I rang him.
He wasn't in when I rang.
He wasn't in.
He wasn't inclined to be patient.
He wasn't injured in the train wreck.
He wasn't interested in doing that and neither was she.
He wasn't interested in talking about himself.
He wasn't interested in telling it to them.
He wasn't interested.
He wasn't intimidated by her.
He wasn't invited.
He wasn't jealous.
He wasn't joking at all.
He wasn't joking.
He wasn't jumping on the bed.
He wasn't just humouring me. Those were the eyes of someone who really understood my feelings and sympathised.
He wasn't just interested in making money.
He wasn't kissing her.
He wasn't landing any of those punches on Dan.
He wasn't lazy.
He wasn't learning about Islam.
He wasn't like that at first.
He wasn't like that in the past.
He wasn't like this in the beginning.
He wasn't listening to her.
He wasn't living in France.
He wasn't long in making up his mind.
He wasn't looking back and that was the problem.
He wasn't looking.
He wasn't lucky in love.
He wasn't lying.
He wasn't mad at her.
He wasn't mad.
He wasn't married.
He wasn't mean.
He wasn't mistaken.
He wasn't moved after he finished reading this story.
He wasn't much help.
He wasn't naked.
He wasn't neat.
He wasn't nice.
He wasn't only fined, he also had to pay for damages.
He wasn't openly religious.
He wasn't part of the scandal.
He wasn't particularly attractive.
He wasn't paying attention.
He wasn't performing well in elections.
He wasn't perhaps playing a practical joke on us.
He wasn't planning on going back to Algeria.
He wasn't planning on using coupons.
He wasn't poor.
He wasn't prepared for this.
He wasn't prepared.
He wasn't present when I took my shahada.
He wasn't prosperous.
He wasn't pulling your leg on this.
He wasn't punished for what he did.
He wasn't quiet.
He wasn't quite himself today.
He wasn't quite right.
He wasn't raised Muslim.
He wasn't ready for it.
He wasn't ready to accept the truth.
He wasn't ready to die.
He wasn't ready.
He wasn't really boyfriend material.
He wasn't really enjoying himself.
He wasn't really in love with her.
He wasn't really loving it.
He wasn't really paying attention to her.
He wasn't recognized as a great writer until after his death.
He wasn't rich.
He wasn't right.
He wasn't rude.
He wasn't safe.
He wasn't scared of her.
He wasn't serious, was he?
He wasn't shy.
He wasn't sick.
He wasn't silly enough to tell that story before her.
He wasn't sitting next to her.
He wasn't sleeping when I came home.
He wasn't sleeping, was he?
He wasn't sleeping.
He wasn't so stupid that he talked about that in her presence.
He wasn't so sure himself.
He wasn't so sure of himself.
He wasn't someone who was believed, he lies.
He wasn't someone you'd suspect.
He wasn't speaking Berber.
He wasn't still asleep, was he?
He wasn't strong enough to lift the box by himself.
He wasn't stupid enough to talk about that while she was around.
He wasn't subpoenaed.
He wasn't supposed to go to Boston with her.
He wasn't supposed to look at the bride.
He wasn't sure he could do that.
He wasn't sure he could win.
He wasn't sure he had to do that.
He wasn't sure he liked the plan.
He wasn't sure he should do that.
He wasn't sure how he could help.
He wasn't sure what he should do.
He wasn't sure which option to choose, so he decided to let destiny choose for him.
He wasn't sure which way to go.
He wasn't sure why he found her attractive.
He wasn't sure.
He wasn't surprised at all.
He wasn't surprised by that question.
He wasn't surprised to see her.
He wasn't surprised when she quit her job.
He wasn't surprised.
He wasn't taken care of.
He wasn't talking to us.
He wasn't tall enough to get at the ceiling.
He wasn't telling her anything.
He wasn't that fat before.
He wasn't that impressed.
He wasn't that kind of person.
He wasn't the best lover either.
He wasn't the first boy to kiss her.
He wasn't the first one to notice her.
He wasn't the first person to help her.
He wasn't the kind of father to make much of such matters.
He wasn't the one who gave that to her.
He wasn't the one who killed her.
He wasn't the only Algerian to end his days in this part of Europe.
He wasn't the only one who said he didn't agree with her.
He wasn't the only one who trusted her.
He wasn't the right guy for her.
He wasn't the same as I thought he'd be.
He wasn't there for her.
He wasn't there last week.
He wasn't there to greet her.
He wasn't there, and neither was she.
He wasn't there, even though I arrived at the time we agreed on.
He wasn't there, was he?
He wasn't there.
He wasn't thinking about fostering.
He wasn't thrilled to see her.
He wasn't tired.
He wasn't to be trusted.
He wasn't told he couldn't do that.
He wasn't told he should do that.
He wasn't told to go with her.
He wasn't told what she had jotted down on the piece of paper.
He wasn't too happy with that.
He wasn't too scared to do it--he was no wussy!
He wasn't tricked.
He wasn't trying to hurt her.
He wasn't trying to kill himself.
He wasn't trying to move.
He wasn't upset with her.
He wasn't upset.
He wasn't vague.
He wasn't very assertive, was he?
He wasn't very kind to her.
He wasn't very rich.
He wasn't very talkative, was he?
He wasn't waiting for her.
He wasn't watching TV then.
He wasn't wearing a belt.
He wasn't wearing his hat.
He wasn't wearing his new coat.
He wasn't wearing his seat belt.
He wasn't wearing his uniform then.
He wasn't wearing his uniform.
He wasn't wearing his wedding ring.
He wasn't well.
He wasn't where he should've been.
He wasn't willing to go by himself.
He wasn't with her.
He wasn't working hard.
He wasn't working with her.
He wasn't worried about her.
He wasn't worried about his grades.
He wasn't worthy of suspicion.
He wasn't writing anything.
He wasn't wrong.
He wasn't your brother.
He wasn’t able to attend the party.
He wasn’t able to stand up at once.
He wasn’t about to pass up that once-in-a-lifetime chance.
He wasn’t at home when I called on him.
He wasn’t certain in which direction he should go and he’d forgotten whither he was traveling and who he was.
He wasn’t conscious of the president’s decision to drop the line.
He wasn’t destined to see her again.
He wasn’t earning a large salary when he retired.
He wasn’t exactly a stranger.
He wasn’t expecting to see you.
He wasn’t given any reward for his service.
He wasn’t happy in spite of all his wealth.
He wasn’t just humouring me. Those were the eyes of someone who really understood my feelings and sympathised.
He wasn’t long in making up his mind.
He wasn’t perhaps playing a practical joke on us.
He wasn’t recognized as a great writer until after his death.
He wasn’t silly enough to tell that story before her.
He wasn’t sleeping when I came home.
He wasn’t tall enough to get at the ceiling.
He wasn’t the kind of father to make much of such matters.
He wasn’t watching TV then.
He waste a lot of money in gambling.
He wasted a thousand bucks.
He wasted energy.
He wasted his time on gambling at the horse races.
He wasted his time.
He wasted his youth on an imperfection no one cared about and some women actually found it attractive.
He wasted money on useless things.
He wasted money.
He wasted that which he had received from his father.
He wasted time.
He wasted too much time.
He wastes a lot of money.
He wastes his life, forgetting to betray his organization.
He wastes his money.
He wastes too much time. He should organise himself better.
He watched "The Godfather."
He watched TV last night.
He watched TV to pass the time.
He watched TV until he fell asleep.
He watched TV while he ate dinner.
He watched TV with her.
He watched TV yesterday.
He watched a DVD about Islam.
He watched a Swedish film.
He watched a Swedish movie.
He watched a basketball game on TV last night.
He watched a movie with her.
He watched a video on how to pierce his belly button safely.
He watched after the children as they were swimming.
He watched all those videos on his phone.
He watched as the doctors bent over her.
He watched baseball.
He watched cable shows.
He watched documentaries.
He watched each of Tom Hanks' movies at least ten times.
He watched for an opportunity to speak.
He watched from a distance.
He watched from away.
He watched from his porch.
He watched helplessly from a distance.
He watched her get out of her car.
He watched her making a doll.
He watched her walk into the mosque.
He watched her.
He watched him closely.
He watched his father die right in front of his eyes.
He watched it holding his breath.
He watched me with a watchful air.
He watched over her slumber for some time, but Nature proved to be too strong for him. For three days and three nights he had allowed himself neither rest nor repose. Slowly the eyelids drooped over the tired eyes, and the head sunk lower and lower upon the breast, until the man's grizzled beard was mixed with the gold tresses of his companion, and both slept the same deep and dreamless slumber.
He watched over the project.
He watched over the swimming children.
He watched sadly as the boat sailed away.
He watched some TV.
He watched some rare episodes of his favorite police procedural.
He watched that film last night.
He watched that show occasionally.
He watched the DVD and converted to Islam.
He watched the Sumo wrestling with folded arms.
He watched the Swedish film.
He watched the boys swimming.
He watched the drama holding his breath.
He watched the evening news with her.
He watched the game with his arms folded.
He watched the girls playing tennis.
He watched the horse race using his binoculars.
He watched the horse race with his binoculars.
He watched the horse racing through his binoculars.
He watched the kids at the park.
He watched the kids.
He watched the movie in his car.
He watched the movie to the end.
He watched the movie.
He watched the other videos.
He watched the sailor drown right in front of his eyes and he couldn't do anything to save him.
He watched the scene without much interest.
He watched the sunset.
He watched the treeline.
He watched the video on his phone.
He watched the video with Berber subtitles.
He watched the video.
He watched the vultures circle in the sky.
He watched the whole movie.
He watched the whole thing.
He watched the wrecker smash every device.
He watched those who went in and out of the house.
He watched too many horror movies.
He watched with the patient.
He watches Algerian TV.
He watches PBS.
He watches TV after dinner.
He watches TV all the time.
He watches TV as he irons his clothes.
He watches TV every day.
He watches TV while he irons.
He watches Tom & Jerry.
He watches at least one movie a day.
He watches at least one movie every day.
He watches football alone.
He watches football.
He watches for an opportunity to intrigue against his rival.
He watches ghost shows.
He watches her dance.
He watches her.
He watches me quietly.
He watches movies every day.
He watches sports on Sunday.
He watches television after dinner.
He watches television all the time.
He watches television before studying.
He watches television every day.
He watches television every night.
He watches telly all the time.
He watches that show.
He watches that soap opera.
He watches the 7.30 news on television every evening.
He watches the horizon with hope.
He watches the horizon with quiet hope.
He watches the horizon with quiet resolve.
He watches the news on television at 7.30 every evening.
He watches the stars with quiet wonder.
He watches the stars, dreaming of a new day.
He watches the stars, dreaming of tomorrow.
He watches the sun set with hope.
He watches the weather forecast on television every hour.
He watches the world in quiet contemplation.
He watches the world with calm certainty.
He watches the world with calm eyes.
He watches the world with knowing eyes.
He watches the world with quiet resolve.
He watches the world with quiet strength.
He watches the world with quiet wisdom.
He watches too much television.
He watches with knowing eyes.
He watered his horse.
He watered the flower garden.
He watered the garden.
He watered the rose bush.
He watered the soil.
He waters the flowers every day in summer.
He waters the flowers with a spray bottle.
He waters the garden once a week.
He waved at her.
He waved back.
He waved goodbye to me when the ship set sail.
He waved goodbye to us.
He waved his arms.
He waved his hand and smiled.
He waved his hand, and they scampered away downstairs like so many rats, and we heard their shrill voices next moment in the street.
He waved his hand.
He waved me away.
He waved to everyone he saw.
He waved to her.
He waved to the crowd immediately before he delivered his speech.
He waved.
He wavered between going home and remaining at work in the office.
He waxed his car.
He waxed his shoes to help preserve them better.
He wears Chinese-style clothes.
He wears a 6 gauge earring.
He wears a bandana around his forehead.
He wears a bow tie every day.
He wears a crown.
He wears a diaper for medical reasons.
He wears a hat.
He wears a kippah.
He wears a leather jacket.
He wears a ring.
He wears a wig, doesn't he?
He wears a wig.
He wears a wool sweater.
He wears a woolen sweater.
He wears a yellow vest.
He wears an eyepatch.
He wears black-rimmed glasses.
He wears designer glasses.
He wears expensive clothes and owns a lot of jewelry.
He wears eyeglasses to read.
He wears fake gold.
He wears glasses and so does she.
He wears glasses.
He wears gloves.
He wears good shoes.
He wears his hair long.
He wears his heart on his sleeve.
He wears his turban on one side; meanwhile his whore is naked at home.
He wears makeup.
He wears only the best and most expensive brands.
He wears pajamas.
He wears prescription glasses.
He wears pyjamas.
He wears scruffy clothes and has an unkempt beard.
He wears shoes but wears no socks.
He wears smaller clothes.
He wears socks and shoes.
He wears sunglasses all day.
He wears the same clothes all week.
He wears the same shirt everyday, and I wonder why.
He wears thick glasses.
He wears this hat all day.
He wears those beads on his arm as a fashion statement.
He wears three pairs of shoes per year.
He wears ties.
He wed a gorgeous woman.
He wed a woman who surpasses him in age.
He wed his cousin from his aunt's side.
He wed his cousin from his uncle's side.
He weds, he separates.
He weighed 11 stone.
He weighed forty pounds.
He weighed himself.
He weighed his options.
He weighed it.
He weighed of one kilogram of vegetables by eyeballing it.
He weighed seventy kilograms.
He weighed seventy kilos.
He weighed the stone in his hand.
He weighs 10 kilograms more than I do.
He weighs 270 pounds.
He weighs 70 kilos.
He weighs 80 kilos.
He weighs a lot more than before.
He weighs about 21½ stone.
He weighs about 300 pounds.
He weighs around 300 pounds.
He weighs himself every day.
He weighs himself every morning.
He weighs more than 80 kg.
He weighs more than 80 kilograms.
He weighs more than Skura does.
He weighs much more than before.
He weighs ten more kilos than me.
He weighs twice as much as his wife.
He weighs two hundred seventy pounds.
He welcomed everyone.
He welcomed his fellow worker into his home.
He welcomed his new daughter-in law into the family.
He welcomed me very kindly.
He welcomed the guests.
He welcomed the news from his heart.
He welcomed us.
He welshed on his gambling debt.
He went 5 innings.
He went Europe by way of Siberia.
He went a night without sleeping.
He went a while ago.
He went aboard the plane.
He went about from town to town while he was in Japan.
He went about making a doghouse.
He went about the store looking for something to buy.
He went about the town looking for the dog.
He went about town looking for his missing dog.
He went about with a bag.
He went above and beyond the call of duty.
He went abroad and never came back.
He went abroad and never returned.
He went abroad for the purpose of studying English.
He went abroad in opposition to her ardent wishes.
He went abroad last year.
He went abroad soon after his father.
He went abroad to raise fund for the project.
He went abroad to study English.
He went abroad to study.
He went abroad two years ago.
He went abroad with a view to learning English.
He went abroad, and returned not again.
He went abroad, never to return.
He went abroad.
He went across the street.
He went after her.
He went again.
He went ahead with his plan.
He went all out and gave it his best shot.
He went all the way to Rome.
He went all the way to see her, only to find she was away.
He went alone to Egypt.
He went alone.
He went along with her.
He went along with it.
He went along with that idea.
He went and found that there were guards on the inside and guards on the outside.
He went and got all of us bus tickets.
He went any distance to provide for his family.
He went around it.
He went around spreading lies about her.
He went around the corner to buy sweets.
He went around the long way.
He went around the neighborhood collecting signatures.
He went around the whole world.
He went as far as Kobe by train.
He went as far as the station by himself.
He went as far as the station.
He went as far as to call you a hypocrite.
He went as red as a beetroot.
He went at them with his fists.
He went away crying.
He went away early this morning.
He went away from his father.
He went away from home three years ago, and has never been heard of since.
He went away in a hurry.
He went away laughing.
He went away somewhere.
He went away to Tokyo.
He went away without saying a word.
He went away, took the lead and went in.
He went away.
He went back and told Nora.
He went back home sick.
He went back home tired and drunk.
He went back home to Australia.
He went back home.
He went back in time to change history.
He went back in time.
He went back inside.
He went back into his office.
He went back into his room.
He went back into the garage.
He went back into the office.
He went back into the room to check on her.
He went back outside.
He went back the way he came.
He went back there.
He went back to Algeria again.
He went back to Algeria for the Berber New Year.
He went back to Algeria to live with his mom.
He went back to Algeria.
He went back to Algiers with his mother.
He went back to China.
He went back to Christianity.
He went back to Denmark.
He went back to Japan.
He went back to Kabylie.
He went back to being cold and aloof.
He went back to get his hat.
He went back to his bedroom.
He went back to his car.
He went back to his desk.
He went back to his dorm.
He went back to his farm.
He went back to his hometown.
He went back to his hotel room.
He went back to his hotel.
He went back to his office.
He went back to his own stuff.
He went back to his room.
He went back to his seat.
He went back to his writing.
He went back to school.
He went back to that store.
He went back to the apartment.
He went back to the back door.
He went back to the cabin.
He went back to the cafe.
He went back to the café.
He went back to the dorm as soon as he finished class.
He went back to the drug store, located the machine, poured in the sample and deposited the $10.00.
He went back to the factory.
He went back to the fair.
He went back to the farm.
He went back to the hotel.
He went back to the living room.
He went back to the market.
He went back to the mosque on Friday.
He went back to the mosque on his own.
He went back to the mosque.
He went back to the office.
He went back to the party.
He went back to the same corner as before.
He went back to the station.
He went back to the store.
He went back to the utility corridor to get to work.
He went back to the village after he graduated.
He went back to work with physiotherapists.
He went back to work.
He went back up.
He went back upstairs to his room.
He went back.
He went backstage after the show.
He went ballistic.
He went bananas.
He went bankrupt because of gambling debts.
He went bankrupt.
He went barreling through the brush.
He went before you to Taskrwit.
He went behind the bed.
He went berserk when he heard that.
He went berserk.
He went birdwatching.
He went blind from the accident.
He went blind in one eye.
He went blind in the accident.
He went blind.
He went bonkers.
He went bright red.
He went bump down the stairs.
He went by bicycle.
He went by bus.
He went by car.
He went by her yesterday.
He went by himself.
He went by me without a single word.
He went by me without noticing me.
He went by the name of Johnny.
He went by the post office.
He went caving.
He went crazy.
He went deaf as a result of an accident.
He went deeper into the tunnel.
He went deeper into the woods.
He went deer hunting.
He went directly from the hotel to the police station.
He went door to door asking for donations.
He went down a bad road.
He went down a few steps.
He went down the hill.
He went down the river on a rubber raft.
He went down the slide.
He went down the stairs.
He went down to the basement.
He went down to the cellar.
He went down to the hospital entrance.
He went down to the lobby to meet her.
He went down to the third floor.
He went down to the village.
He went down.
He went downstairs to relax before bed.
He went downstairs.
He went downtown to do shopping.
He went downtown with his friends.
He went downward in life.
He went driving three hours to visit his aunt in Algiers.
He went duck hunting.
He went everywhere to find that medication.
He went exploring the surroundings.
He went far away.
He went far in business.
He went farther.
He went first.
He went fishing in a river near the village.
He went fishing in between.
He went fishing in the river.
He went fishing instead of playing tennis.
He went fishing, but didn't catch anything.
He went fishing.
He went for a stroll, nothing is different.
He went for a swim in the lake every morning.
He went for a walk before breakfast.
He went for a walk in the park.
He went for a walk in town.
He went for a walk with her this morning.
He went for a walk with someone.
He went for a walk, nothing has changed.
He went for a walk.
He went for it.
He went for the doctor.
He went for three weeks without shaving before his wife complained.
He went forward in the face of many obstacles.
He went from Tokyo to Osaka by plane.
He went from angry to calm immediately.
He went from door to door asking for contributions.
He went from football to painting.
He went from his house up to the railroad station.
He went from mosque to mosque.
He went grocery shopping.
He went heart and soul into the work.
He went hell for leather down the street.
He went hiking.
He went his own way.
He went his way, I go my way.
He went his way, and I went mine.
He went home as soon as he got the phone call.
He went home at six.
He went home by himself.
He went home early.
He went home first.
He went home for Ramadan.
He went home on foot.
He went home three hours later.
He went home to change.
He went home to rest.
He went home while it was still light.
He went home with a heavy heart.
He went home with her.
He went home without so much as saying good-bye.
He went home yesterday.
He went home.
He went hunting in the woods.
He went hunting.
He went in as a guest.
He went in by himself.
He went in front of this commission.
He went in his father's stead.
He went in place of me.
He went in quietly so as not to wake anyone.
He went in search of gold.
He went in the forest, but never came out.
He went in the opposite direction from us.
He went in the opposite direction.
He went in there.
He went in through the window.
He went in.
He went insane from the unhappy accident.
He went insane.
He went inside the mosque.
He went inside.
He went instead of her.
He went instead of his dad.
He went instead of his father.
He went into a frenzy and shot the poor animal.
He went into a shop to buy groceries.
He went into a shop to buy some groceries.
He went into an irreversible coma.
He went into business on his own account.
He went into cardiac arrest.
He went into exile in France.
He went into hiding.
He went into his bedroom.
He went into his dressing room.
He went into his room.
He went into panic mode.
He went into rehab.
He went into severe debt.
He went into teaching.
He went into the bank in the disguise of a guard.
He went into the bank.
He went into the bazaar. I don't know what's keeping him there.
He went into the cabin.
He went into the cave to rescue her.
He went into the fight feeling good about it, but he ended up getting his ass handed to him.
He went into the garage.
He went into the garden.
He went into the hallway.
He went into the house yet again.
He went into the house.
He went into the kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee.
He went into the kitchen, and before you could say Jack Robinson he had produced a meal.
He went into the lunchroom.
He went into the mosque.
He went into the next room and lay down.
He went into the room with guns blazing.
He went into the sea wearing all his clothes.
He went into the tunnel.
He went into the water before me.
He went into the woods to search for the dog.
He went into total shock when he saw that photo.
He went into town to do some Christmas shopping.
He went left.
He went livid.
He went looking for help.
He went looking for her.
He went mad because of the shock.
He went mad on tennis.
He went mad when he heard the story.
He went missing in Kabylie.
He went missing.
He went no farther than the gate.
He went not to help his father but to borrow money from him.
He went nuts.
He went off by himself.
He went off his meds.
He went off in a hurry.
He went off to the People's Square or somewhere thereabouts.
He went off with his tail between his legs.
He went off without saying good-bye.
He went on a Muslim website and started reading about Islam.
He went on a business trip to the head office.
He went on a camping trip with her.
He went on a date with her.
He went on a date with you.
He went on a field trip.
He went on a fishing trip.
He went on a hunting trip.
He went on a journey a few days ago.
He went on a mission to Algeria.
He went on a one-day trip.
He went on a picnic on Valentine's Day.
He went on a picnic with her.
He went on a quest to find the point where the sky touches the Earth.
He went on a road trip through the Algerian southwest.
He went on a trip by himself.
He went on a tropical vacation.
He went on a voyage to America.
He went on a walk.
He went on an Islamic website and started reading about Islam.
He went on board the plane.
He went on board.
He went on doing it.
He went on doing what he was doing.
He went on holiday to the Med.
He went on holiday to the Mediterranean.
He went on lying.
He went on one date with her.
He went on reading the book as if nothing had happened.
He went on reading while he ate.
He went on singing.
He went on strike.
He went on talking as though nothing had happened.
He went on the carpet.
He went on to demonstrate how to use the machine.
He went on to the drawing-room, where there was the same comfort and elegance as in the library.
He went on trial charged with murdering her wife.
He went on vacation at his grandparents' house.
He went on vacation.
He went on walking for two hours.
He went on walking in the rain without an umbrella.
He went on with his life.
He went on with his list.
He went on with his work.
He went on working without a break last night.
He went on working.
He went on writing, paying no attention to me.
He went on writing, taking no notice of me.
He went out a few minutes ago.
He went out a little before five o'clock.
He went out a little before five o’clock.
He went out and shut the door.
He went out carrying a bundle of clothing.
He went out even though it was raining.
He went out fishing.
He went out for a breath of fresh air.
He went out for a walk in the rain.
He went out for a walk with her.
He went out for a walk with his dog.
He went out for a walk, with his dog following behind.
He went out in a hurry.
He went out in anger.
He went out in spite of the heavy rain.
He went out in spite of the rain.
He went out in spite of the storm.
He went out in the rain.
He went out into the corridor of the carriage.
He went out just now.
He went out less and less, staying locked in the same room all day.
He went out looking for her.
He went out of his way to assist me.
He went out of his way to find the house for me.
He went out of his way to help her.
He went out of his way to help me when I was in trouble.
He went out of his way to help me.
He went out of his way to make sure that we had everything we needed.
He went out of the house.
He went out of the river.
He went out of the room without being noticed by anyone.
He went out of the room without saying any words.
He went out of the room.
He went out of this door, never to return.
He went out on a binge.
He went out on a sudden impulse.
He went out on his bicycle.
He went out on the balcony.
He went out prepared for rain.
He went out the window.
He went out to buy something.
He went out to do his chores.
He went out to eat.
He went out to get bread and didn't come back.
He went out to his car.
He went out to look for her.
He went out to look for something to eat.
He went out to lunch.
He went out to meet his uncle Youba.
He went out to run some errands.
He went out to see his uncle Youba.
He went out to the balcony and suddenly started singing.
He went out walking with her this morning.
He went out with a bundle of clothes in his hand.
He went out with her on the rebound.
He went out with her.
He went out with him on the rebound.
He went out with his friends.
He went out with the heater on.
He went out without a hat.
He went out without permission from any of us.
He went out without saying a word.
He went out without saying good-bye.
He went out without saying goodbye to me.
He went out, yielding to a sudden impulse.
He went out.
He went outside for a breath of fresh air.
He went outside for some air.
He went outside to confront that guy.
He went outside.
He went over and hugged her.
He went over and sat down next to her.
He went over mountains and across plains.
He went over the house before deciding whether to buy it.
He went over the house.
He went over there.
He went over to her and shake her hand.
He went over to talk to her.
He went over to the other side.
He went overboard for his daughter's wedding.
He went overboard for his daughter’s wedding.
He went overboard, for sure.
He went pale with fear and then turned red with embarrassment.
He went pale with fear.
He went pale.
He went quiet suddenly.
He went quiet.
He went rafting.
He went red in the face with rage.
He went red when she winked at him.
He went right to work.
He went right.
He went roller skating with her.
He went round the corner at top speed.
He went running.
He went sailing for a week.
He went senile.
He went shopping after school.
He went shopping at a department store.
He went shopping at the mall.
He went shopping with her.
He went shopping with his family.
He went shopping yesterday.
He went shopping.
He went silent because he did not want to ask.
He went silent for a while.
He went silent.
He went skiing during the winter.
He went skiing in Hokkaido.
He went skiing in the Swiss Alps.
He went skiing in winter.
He went skiing.
He went slowly and deliberately to his car, being careful not to step on the cracks in the cement walkway.
He went slowly up the stairs.
He went snowmobiling with her.
He went so far as to call her a fool.
He went so far as to call me a fool.
He went so far as to call me a liar.
He went so far as to call you a fool.
He went so far as to hit her.
He went so far as to hit the girl to make her obey his orders.
He went so far as to say such a rude thing.
He went so far as to say that I was a coward.
He went so far as to say that I was coward.
He went so far as to say that she was stupid.
He went somewhere else instead of where I was.
He went splashing through the shallows.
He went straight back to Algiers.
He went straight to a place where good food was served.
He went straight to his computer to chat.
He went straight to his room.
He went straight to the kitchen for some water.
He went straight to therapy.
He went surfing.
He went swimming with his friends.
He went swimming yesterday.
He went ten kilometers.
He went ten kilometres.
He went the whole way on foot.
He went there alone.
He went there as his father told him.
He went there by bicycle.
He went there by bike.
He went there by himself.
He went there first.
He went there himself.
He went there in his father's stead.
He went there in person.
He went there instead of her.
He went there instead of his father.
He went there instead of me.
He went there on business.
He went there right away.
He went there swimming only to be drowned.
He went there ten years ago.
He went there to learn Berber.
He went there to learn English.
He went there to learn the Berber language.
He went there to meet her.
He went there to study music.
He went there to talk to her.
He went there two years ago.
He went there with her.
He went there, never to return.
He went there.
He went through a difficult time.
He went through a horrible experience.
He went through a lot when he was younger.
He went through a rough patch.
He went through a tough summer.
He went through a very hard time.
He went through her phone.
He went through many hard times in his life.
He went through many hardships in his youth.
He went through many horrible days in the war.
He went through many things.
He went through several rooms full of gentlemen and ladies, some standing and others sitting, but all were asleep.
He went through the bin looking for food.
He went through the gate into the courtyard.
He went through the gate into the yard.
He went through the window.
He went to Africa in 1960 never to return.
He went to Africa to see wild animals.
He went to Algeria after he left Germany.
He went to Algeria after that.
He went to Algeria and stayed there for four years.
He went to Algeria for a break.
He went to Algeria for a short time.
He went to Algeria for a year and a half.
He went to Algeria for the first time.
He went to Algeria for three or four years.
He went to Algeria in 2004.
He went to Algeria just once.
He went to Algeria the following day.
He went to Algeria to get away from everything.
He went to Algeria to learn Berber.
He went to Algeria to learn more about Islam.
He went to Algeria to see his father.
He went to Algeria to study Berber.
He went to Algeria to study the Berber language.
He went to Algeria to travel.
He went to Algeria without asking me.
He went to Algeria without me.
He went to Algeria, the UK, and Canada.
He went to Algeria.
He went to Algiers and did his PhD.
He went to Algiers by bus.
He went to Algiers three to four times per week.
He went to Algiers, too.
He went to America for no reason.
He went to America for the purpose of learning a new method of grain production.
He went to America for the purpose of learning a new method of producing crops.
He went to America for the purpose of studying American literature.
He went to America last week.
He went to America last year to brush up his English.
He went to America to study American literature.
He went to America to study English.
He went to America to study medicine.
He went to America with high hopes, but now he's driving an Uber.
He went to America.
He went to Ashgabat.
He went to Ashkhabad.
He went to Atami for a change of air.
He went to Australia with her.
He went to Austria for the purpose of studying music.
He went to Austria to study music.
He went to Bejaia, Algeria.
He went to Berber class anyways.
He went to Berber class.
He went to Berlin last year.
He went to Boston by bus.
He went to Boston by car.
He went to Boston by himself.
He went to Boston last weekend with her.
He went to Boston to help her.
He went to Boston to look for her.
He went to Boston to meet her.
He went to Boston to propose to her.
He went to Boston to see her.
He went to Boston to visit her.
He went to Boston with Maria.
He went to Boston with her.
He went to Brazil and stayed there.
He went to Brazil and stayed.
He went to Britain to deepen his knowledge of the culture.
He went to China as a soldier, never to come back.
He went to Chuck's Diner to meet her.
He went to Egypt alone.
He went to England for the purpose of studying English literature.
He went to England to study English literature.
He went to England to study music.
He went to Europe by way of America.
He went to France not so much for sightseeing as for observation.
He went to France to brush up his colloquial French.
He went to France to brush up on his speaking ability.
He went to France to study music.
He went to Germany to study medicine.
He went to Gokdepe.
He went to Hawaii to do some sightseeing.
He went to Iceland to see the northern lights.
He went to India by way of Japan.
He went to Ismael, and took to wife, besides them he had before, Maheleth, the daughter of Ismael, Abraham's son, the sister of Nabajoth.
He went to Italy alone.
He went to Italy by land.
He went to Italy for the purpose of studying music.
He went to Italy in order to study music.
He went to Italy ten years ago and has lived there ever since.
He went to Italy to study music.
He went to Italy with a view to studying literature.
He went to Japan and he married a Japanese woman.
He went to Jerusalem and visited the al-Aqsa Mosque.
He went to Jerusalem to visit the al-Aqsa Mosque.
He went to Kabylie and brought his sister back home in Algiers.
He went to Kabylie by himself.
He went to Kabylie for the weekend.
He went to Kabylie to learn Berber.
He went to Kabylie to see his friend.
He went to Kabylie, Algeria, by himself.
He went to Kabylie, Algeria.
He went to Kabylie.
He went to Kyoto by car.
He went to Lima so that he could learn much there.
He went to London a month ago.
He went to London in 1970.
He went to London to learn English.
He went to London to study English.
He went to London two years ago.
He went to London via Paris.
He went to London, where he stayed for a week.
He went to Mexico to work as a teacher of English.
He went to Mr Smith's class.
He went to Nagoya on business.
He went to Nara.
He went to Narita or somewhere.
He went to New York as soon as he got the letter.
He went to New York by airplane.
He went to New York on Monday.
He went to New York on business.
He went to Osaka on important business.
He went to Osaka on official business.
He went to Osaka, where he put up at a hotel.
He went to Paris and lived there for five years.
He went to Paris at the end of May.
He went to Paris by car yesterday.
He went to Paris for the first time.
He went to Paris to study French.
He went to Paris two years ago.
He went to Paris, the capital of France.
He went to Paris, where he first met her.
He went to Paris, where he lived for five years.
He went to Paris, where he met me for the first time.
He went to Paris, which is the capital of France.
He went to Peru for a vacation.
He went to Philippeville, now Skikda.
He went to Portugal to work as a soccer trainer.
He went to Rome, where he saw a lot of old buildings.
He went to Semaoune.
He went to Spain.
He went to Sweden by boat.
He went to Switzerland.
He went to Tansawt.
He went to Tokyo for the purpose of getting a new job.
He went to Tokyo on business.
He went to Tokyo with the dream of becoming rich.
He went to Tokyo yesterday.
He went to Urumqi on Monday and came back here the next day.
He went to West Point.
He went to Yokohama in his beloved car.
He went to a Quranic school.
He went to a back alley.
He went to a bar to drink some beers.
He went to a college of agriculture.
He went to a community college.
He went to a cool restaurant.
He went to a different mosque.
He went to a fancy school.
He went to a fruit store first.
He went to a halal restaurant.
He went to a hamburger joint.
He went to a high school reunion in Kabylie, Algeria.
He went to a little restaurant.
He went to a meeting in Algiers.
He went to a mosque by himself.
He went to a mosque.
He went to a museum.
He went to a pretty big school.
He went to a private investigator.
He went to a private school in Kabylie, Algeria.
He went to a public school.
He went to a quiet corner of the train station to wait for her.
He went to a religious center.
He went to a restaurant where he ordered couscous.
He went to a restaurant.
He went to a school for officers.
He went to a single-sex school.
He went to a tailor in Algiers.
He went to a tattoo parlor.
He went to all the designer stores.
He went to all the principal cities of Europe.
He went to an Islamic bookstore.
He went to an Islamic center.
He went to an Islamic college.
He went to an Islamic high school.
He went to an Islamic library.
He went to an Islamic school.
He went to an Islamic store.
He went to an inn by the roadside and said to the landlady, "Can you give me lodging for the night, me and my pea?" "Well, no," said the landlady, "I haven't got a bed free, but I can take care of your pea for you."
He went to an old antique shop.
He went to another mall.
He went to art school to study painting and sculpture.
He went to band practice.
He went to bed after supper.
He went to bed at about 10 o'clock.
He went to bed at eleven last night.
He went to bed at midnight.
He went to bed at ten as usual.
He went to bed because he was tired.
He went to bed early but did not go to sleep until almost 2 in the morning.
He went to bed early.
He went to bed right after eating.
He went to bed the moment he arrived home.
He went to bed with me.
He went to bed without having had an evening meal.
He went to bed without having had any dinner.
He went to bed without having had his dinner.
He went to bed without having had his tea.
He went to bed, but he didn't sleep.
He went to bed.
He went to book another flight.
He went to brazil.
He went to campus.
He went to check on his parents.
He went to check on the animals.
He went to check.
He went to chemo.
He went to church with her.
He went to college in the capital.
He went to college on a scholarship.
He went to college, didn't he?
He went to college.
He went to elementary school with her.
He went to find the control tower.
He went to forget.
He went to get a glass of water for her.
He went to get dressed.
He went to get his cards read by a fortune-teller.
He went to get his jacket.
He went to get his stuff.
He went to get the Christmas tree.
He went to get the manager.
He went to go study Islam in Bejaia, Algeria.
He went to go visit family in Algiers.
He went to grab some drinks.
He went to hajj in 2004.
He went to hajj.
He went to hang out with the other students.
He went to have a chat with the boss.
He went to have fun at the park.
He went to have some fun.
He went to help her.
He went to help him.
He went to her class.
He went to her house in the belief that she would lend him the money.
He went to her house to give her some chocolate.
He went to her house to help her.
He went to high school in Algeria.
He went to high school with her.
He went to high school.
He went to his apartment.
He went to his bedroom.
He went to his brother's house.
He went to his friend's house.
He went to his office after an absence of five weeks.
He went to his parents' house.
He went to his parents' place.
He went to his room to study.
He went to his room without even saying hello.
He went to his room.
He went to hospital yesterday.
He went to inquire about the local train schedule.
He went to jail as soon as he committed the crime.
He went to jail for murder.
He went to jail.
He went to kickboxing.
He went to live with Skura.
He went to look for Nova.
He went to make French fries.
He went to meet Pizarro and twenty of his men.
He went to meet Pizzaro and twenty of his men.
He went to meet a friend.
He went to my school.
He went to night school.
He went to pick the iPhone up.
He went to play soccer in Algiers.
He went to play with the girls.
He went to prison for murder.
He went to prison.
He went to prom.
He went to run errands.
He went to school by car.
He went to school early.
He went to school every day.
He went to school excited.
He went to school first.
He went to school in Algiers.
He went to school only for a few years.
He went to school running.
He went to school sad.
He went to school this afternoon.
He went to school this morning.
He went to school to learn how to program.
He went to school to study yesterday.
He went to school with her.
He went to school with people who were Muslim.
He went to school, but didn't study much.
He went to school.
He went to sea as a deckhand at the age of fourteen.
He went to sea to swim.
He went to sea when he was only 14.
He went to see her in hospital every other day.
He went to see her in the hospital every other day.
He went to see her reluctantly.
He went to see her the other day.
He went to see her while she stayed in London.
He went to see her while she was living in London.
He went to see her.
He went to see his grandfather off at the station.
He went to see the captain, but he wasn't allowed to speak to him.
He went to see the imam.
He went to see the ship's doctor.
He went to several mosques.
He went to simon's.
He went to sit at the back of the bus.
He went to sleep and never woke up.
He went to sleep at six o'clock and he is still sleeping.
He went to sleep in his friend's tent.
He went to sleep right after being bottle-fed.
He went to sleep.
He went to some place or other.
He went to stay at his client's house.
He went to stay with his cousin.
He went to take that test.
He went to talk to that man.
He went to talk to the manager.
He went to talk to the ticket agent.
He went to that bar with her.
He went to that house.
He went to that place.
He went to that school.
He went to that store and bought a belly button ring.
He went to that store to buy a belly button ring.
He went to the Friday prayer.
He went to the Islamic center.
He went to the Martyrs' Memorial this morning.
He went to the Olympics.
He went to the Takasu clinic.
He went to the Tokyo station by taxi.
He went to the USA last week.
He went to the United States last year to brush up his English.
He went to the United States to study English.
He went to the United States to study US literature.
He went to the United States to study medicine.
He went to the University of Kansas.
He went to the airport in a hurry.
He went to the airport to see her off.
He went to the airport to see his friend off.
He went to the airport to see them off.
He went to the back of the building.
He went to the bank and changed his money.
He went to the bank and took out a huge loan against the house.
He went to the bank.
He went to the barber shop.
He went to the barber.
He went to the bathroom and left me alone with that girl.
He went to the bathroom before starting the film.
He went to the bathroom.
He went to the beach last week.
He went to the beach, and looked far across the sea toward the horizon.
He went to the beach.
He went to the block party.
He went to the bookstore and got a book on Islam.
He went to the bus stop, and the bus took off.
He went to the cemetery by himself.
He went to the cinema five days ago.
He went to the circus with her.
He went to the city by bus.
He went to the city to have a good time.
He went to the city to visit a friend.
He went to the college party.
He went to the computer shop.
He went to the conference.
He went to the control tower.
He went to the corner.
He went to the counter and bought us both a drink.
He went to the dentist.
He went to the doctor.
He went to the dormitory.
He went to the embassy.
He went to the fair.
He went to the flat of one of his schoolfellows and came out, an hour later, irrecognizable, rigged out as an Englishman of thirty, in a brown check suit, with knickerbockers, woolen stockings and a cap, a high-colored complexion and a red wig.
He went to the front of the mansion.
He went to the game.
He went to the gaming tournament.
He went to the garage.
He went to the great wall.
He went to the gym after work.
He went to the hall to give an address.
He went to the hardware store to get a shovel.
He went to the hospital for treatment.
He went to the hospital in Kabylie, Algeria.
He went to the hospital to speak with her.
He went to the hospital yesterday.
He went to the hotel.
He went to the house where the president's body lay.
He went to the house where the president’s body lay.
He went to the imam.
He went to the lake with her.
He went to the lake yesterday.
He went to the land of the pharaohs.
He went to the length of saying that he would never speak to her again.
He went to the library and borrowed a copy of the Quran.
He went to the library and borrowed a translation of the Quran.
He went to the library just to see her.
He went to the library, just to see her.
He went to the library.
He went to the local mosque and did the shahada.
He went to the local mosque and took the shahada.
He went to the mall with her.
He went to the mall's cafeteria to grab some food.
He went to the mall.
He went to the moon.
He went to the mosque almost every day.
He went to the mosque and took his shahada.
He went to the mosque by taxi.
He went to the mosque library.
He went to the mosque on Friday.
He went to the mosque that night.
He went to the mosque the next day.
He went to the mosque to pray the asr prayer.
He went to the mosque to see the imam.
He went to the mosque to watch Muslims pray.
He went to the mosque willingly.
He went to the mosque with his family.
He went to the mosque with his friend and his family.
He went to the mosque with his friends.
He went to the mosque with his parents.
He went to the mosque.
He went to the movies with his older cousin.
He went to the museum of natural history.
He went to the museum with her.
He went to the museum.
He went to the next car.
He went to the ocean as he wanted to swim.
He went to the park by himself.
He went to the park every afternoon.
He went to the park to meet her.
He went to the park with her.
He went to the park with his dog.
He went to the park, where he took a rest.
He went to the park.
He went to the party by himself.
He went to the party, but his brother didn't.
He went to the pizza shop to help his father.
He went to the planetarium to see the stars and the planets.
He went to the post office to mail the letter.
He went to the post office.
He went to the prison to visit her.
He went to the restaurant.
He went to the restroom.
He went to the salon right after school.
He went to the school.
He went to the science museum.
He went to the seaside only to be drowned.
He went to the shop.
He went to the shopping mall with her.
He went to the side of the bus.
He went to the snowy region.
He went to the station out of breath.
He went to the station to see his friend off.
He went to the station.
He went to the store after the snow storm passed.
He went to the store at the last minute, just before it closed.
He went to the store just as it was going to close.
He went to the store on his bike.
He went to the store to buy some oranges.
He went to the store.
He went to the student's house.
He went to the tent.
He went to the theater with Skura.
He went to the theater with her.
He went to the toilets.
He went to the train station to pick up his son.
He went to the train station with her.
He went to the university of Leipzig as a student of philosophy and natural sciences, but entered officially as a student of medicine.
He went to the upstairs kitchen.
He went to the window. Raindrops were streaming down the glass.
He went to the zoo with her.
He went to the zoo.
He went to turn off the lights.
He went to university and he took a class in Berber linguistics.
He went to university.
He went to visit Salas in Algeria.
He went to visit her at the hospital every Monday.
He went to visit her at the hospital every other day.
He went to visit her uncles.
He went to visit her while she was living in London.
He went to wait in line.
He went to work even though he was ill.
He went to work in spite of his illness.
He went to work.
He went to, where he heard the news.
He went together with her.
He went too far.
He went totally apeshit!
He went traveling in Algeria.
He went traveling in search of adventure.
He went undefeated his whole career.
He went under it.
He went undercover.
He went unpunished.
He went up Mt. Fuji.
He went up and down the street.
He went up high.
He went up the mountain.
He went up the river.
He went up the stairs.
He went up the steps slowly.
He went up to Tokyo with the intention of studying English.
He went up to her and they shook hands.
He went up to my room, thinking about what he had said.
He went up to the castle to see the prince.
He went up to the mountain behind our home.
He went up to the rooftop of the apartment building to fix the antenna.
He went upstairs to her room.
He went upstairs to his bedroom.
He went upstairs to his room.
He went upstairs.
He went very quietly came into close contact.
He went walking with his son and his son's friend.
He went way past the speed limit.
He went weeks without talking to her.
He went west.
He went wild over the grocery bill.
He went with Maria to Boston.
He went with Mina.
He went with her.
He went with him reluctantly.
He went with his mother.
He went with nothing but his lyre, and his music was so sweet that Cerberus stood listening, and let him pass, and all the torments of the Danaids, Sisyphus and all the rest, ceased while he was playing.
He went with them reluctantly.
He went without lunch because he didn't have enough time to eat.
He went, against all our advice.
He went, and brought, and gave them to his mother. She dressed meats, such as she knew his father liked.
He went, despite all of our warnings.
He went.
He wept bitterly.
He wept over his daughter's death.
He wept over his daughter’s death.
He wept over his misfortunes.
He wept tearing his hair.
He wept, tearing his hair.
He wet his lips with his tongue.
He wet it.
He wet the towel with water.
He wet the towels with water.
He wets his bed.
He wetted his towel with water.
He whacked the piñata with a wooden bat.
He whines a lot.
He whipped around the corner.
He whipped out his sword.
He whipped them all!
He whips homemade butter.
He whispered "I love you" into my ear and then kissed me on the cheek.
He whispered a few sweet words into her ear.
He whispered a joke in her ear.
He whispered her name in the dark.
He whispered her name into her ear.
He whispered his darkest secret to her.
He whispered in her ear how much he loved her.
He whispered in her ear something.
He whispered in his ear something.
He whispered slyly to me.
He whispered softly to her.
He whispered something in her ear.
He whispered something in his ear.
He whispered something sweet in her ear.
He whispered something that made her blush.
He whispered something that made her giggle.
He whispered something that made her laugh.
He whispered something that made her smile.
He whispered something to her.
He whispered something to me.
He whispered sweet nothings into her ear.
He whispered the answer in my ear.
He whispered the shahada.
He whispered to him: "I love you."
He whispered to me that he was hungry.
He whispered.
He whispers secrets to the night.
He whistled a catchy tune as he walked down the street.
He whistled a tune as he walked along the river.
He whistled a tune, so as not to be afraid of the dark.
He whistled a tune, so that no one would notice he was afraid.
He whistled as he walked.
He whistled as he went along.
He whistled as he worked.
He whistled cheerfully while walking down the street.
He whistled for his dog.
He whistled for his horse.
He whistled to his dog who came running and they set off.
He whistled.
He whistles all the time. It drives me crazy.
He whistles as he walks to work.
He whistles in the bath.
He whistles in the shower.
He whistles while he walks.
He whistles while he's having a bath.
He whittled the stick to a sharp point with his hunting knife.
He who acts well needs not to fear.
He who angers you conquers you.
He who approaches a good tree will find himself in good shade.
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever.
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who doesn't is a fool forever.
He who asks lots of questions makes lots of mistakes.
He who asks timidly invites a refusal.
He who beats his wife hurts himself.
He who begins has done half the work.
He who begins many things, finishes but few.
He who behaves like a worm can't complain of getting stepped on.
He who belittles would buy.
He who betrays his brother, won't find him when he looks for him.
He who brought me up sold me to a certain Rhoda at Rome.
He who buries his head in the sand today will grind his teeth tomorrow.
He who can't do good should at least pay his debts.
He who can, does. He who cannot, teaches.
He who cannot bear the truth is a poor man to me.
He who cannot love himself, cannot love others either.
He who carries nothing loses nothing.
He who casts aside his brother through deceit, when he seeks him, he won't find him.
He who chases two hares catches none.
He who climbs up, will fall down.
He who constantly swims in the ocean loves dry land.
He who dares not offend cannot be honest.
He who dares, wins.
He who defends everything defends nothing.
He who demands much, gets much. He who demands too much, gets nothing.
He who desires too much, gets nothing.
He who dethrones the idea of law, bids chaos welcome in its stead.
He who dies with the most toys wins.
He who digs a pit for his brother falls into it.
He who digs a pit for others, falls into it himself.
He who discards his brother through guile, won't find him when he looks for him.
He who does good is of God. He who does evil hasn't seen God.
He who does not embark will not get seasick.
He who does not have mercy with Man, God shall not have mercy upon him.
He who does not know any foreign language knows nothing of his own language.
He who does not know how to remain silent, does not know how to speak either.
He who does not live to serve does not serve to live.
He who does not love is unhappy, and unhappy is he who is in love.
He who does not say a word consents.
He who does not see anything strange has never looked a lobster in the eyes.
He who does not think does not exist.
He who does not work does not have the right to eat.
He who does not work, does not eat.
He who does not work, does not have the right to eat.
He who doesn't accept advice doesn't deserve to be helped.
He who doesn't avenge is a son of a donkey.
He who doesn't have two thirds of his day to himself is a slave.
He who doesn't know foreign languages, doesn't know his own.
He who doesn't love himself can't love others.
He who doesn't use "brauchen" with "zu" shouldn't use "brauchen" at all.
He who doesn't want to love people must love trees and dogs.
He who doesn't work has nothing to eat.
He who doesn't work, should also not eat!
He who doesn’t see the hand of God in this is blind.
He who drinks, will drink.
He who dumps garbage here is a jackass.
He who eats many apples stays healthy.
He who eats quietly, eats twice.
He who excuses himself accuses himself.
He who fears new remedies must endure old woes.
He who feeds a hungry animal, feeds his own soul.
He who fights and runs away may live to fight another day.
He who fights can lose. He who doesn't fight has already lost.
He who fights may lose, but he who doesn't has already lost.
He who fights with monsters should look to it that he himself does not become a monster. And when you gaze long into an abyss the abyss also gazes into you.
He who flatters you to your face, bites you behind your back.
He who follows Nature is wise.
He who follows the truth reaches his goal.
He who forgets that he is alive is as if dead.
He who gets up early gets tired quicker.
He who gives to another bestows on himself.
He who gives, has a thousand hands.
He who guards the soundness of his mind keeps his life.
He who has a fair wife needs more than two eyes.
He who has a frog in his throat begins to belch.
He who has a mind to beat a dog will easily find a stick.
He who has a real friend can say he has two souls.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
He who has been bitten by a snake fears a rope.
He who has bees also has honey.
He who has eaten has eaten, otherwise the dish is removed.
He who has eaten has eaten, the other has no dish left.
He who has eaten the sheep has to return the fleece at least.
He who has friends does not need riches.
He who has friends for dinner, but takes no care in the meal that he has prepared for them is not worthy of having friends.
He who has health has hope, and he who has hope has everything!
He who has love, is in God, and God is in him, for God is love.
He who has loved often has loved never.
He who has much wants even more.
He who has never left his country is full of prejudices.
He who has no children is afraid of his posterity; he who has them is in trouble.
He who has nothing can give everything.
He who has nothing to hide has nothing to show.
He who has nothing, is nothing.
He who has skill and art, becomes famed in the world.
He who has suffered to the marrow from starvation will never forget it, even if he manages once again to become as rich as Croesus.
He who has the hare in his hand is the hunter.
He who has the money, also has the power.
He who hath many friends hath none.
He who helps others, in turn shall be helped by them.
He who hesitates has lost.
He who hesitates is lost.
He who hits my dog doesn't really love me either.
He who is absent is always in the wrong.
He who is afraid of asking is ashamed of learning.
He who is afraid of the inevitable can in no way live with his soul at peace.
He who is bitten by a snake fears even the rope.
He who is born for a dime, will never be worth a quarter.
He who is born in Brazil is Brazilian.
He who is born in Greece, is Greek.
He who is born in Japan is Japanese.
He who is born in Sweden is Swedish.
He who is cruel to animals becomes hard also in his dealings with men. We can judge the heart of a man by his treatment of animals.
He who is eloquent has the whole world to himself.
He who is enamored of himself will at least have the advantage of being inconvenienced by few rivals.
He who is feared by many must fear many.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
He who is frightened of a sparrow will never sow barley.
He who is full betrays God.
He who is in love with himself has at least this advantage â€” he won’t encounter many rivals.
He who is in love with himself has at least this advantage — he won't encounter many rivals.
He who is not satisfied with a little, is satisfied with nothing.
He who is not with us is against us.
He who is present, is the vizier.
He who is slow to anger has great understanding.
He who is slow to promise is best in keeping them.
He who is unable to live in society, or who has no need because he is sufficient for himself, must be either a beast or a god.
He who isn't brave must be clever.
He who isn't courageous must be clever.
He who justifies himself too much accuses himself.
He who knows does not speak, he who speaks does not know.
He who knows himself is wise.
He who knows himself knows his Lord.
He who knows how to eat, knows how to digest.
He who knows more has the real power.
He who knows nothing doubts nothing.
He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors.
He who knows several languages gets more from the world.
He who knows the most often says the least.
He who knows why he learns learns better.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
He who knows, knows.
He who knows, rules.
He who laughs last didn't understand the joke.
He who laughs last laughs best.
He who laughs last laughs loudest.
He who laughs last, laughs best.
He who lies for the truth is guilty.
He who limps is still walking.
He who listens to knowledgeable people is smarter than the ignorant.
He who lives by the sword dies by the sword.
He who lives by the sword shall die by the sword.
He who lives by the sword will die by the sword.
He who lives in happiness dances without music.
He who lives only for himself is dead to others.
He who lives without any foolishness is less wise than he believes he is.
He who lives without madness is not as wise as he thinks.
He who looks for excuses doesn't have any chances for success.
He who looks for excuses doesn’t have any chances for success.
He who looks from outside through an open window doesn't see anywhere as much as he who looks through a closed window.
He who looks from outside through an open window doesn’t see anywhere as much as he who looks through a closed window.
He who looks from outside through an open window never sees as much as he who looks at a closed window.
He who loves Mary would love Mary.
He who loves another,// loves each and all.// Who values not himself, but other// to sweet dream shall fall.// Who feels joy just once,// wants others the same at once;// and to give, give — keep on giving// from his endless treasures offering.
He who loves instruction loves knowledge, but whoever hates reproof is an ignoramus.
He who loves much does not forgive easily.
He who loves not wine, woman and songs, remains a fool his whole life long.
He who loves well reprimands well.
He who makes Man his standard will be struck by weapons.
He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man.
He who makes a decision quickly, soon regrets it.
He who makes his bed must lie in it.
He who makes many threats is not dangerous.
He who makes no mistake, does nothing.
He who makes no mistakes makes nothing.
He who makes noises while the ship is sailing, making people unable to hear orders, will be fined at the discretion of the captain.
He who makes the mistake bears the consequences.
He who marries changes.
He who minds his Ps and Qs will not forget to dot the "i's" and cross his "t's", when writing.
He who minds his Ps and Qs will not forget to dot the "i’s" and cross his "t’s", when writing.
He who only has a hammer in his toolbox sees all problems as nails.
He who only lives for himself is dead to others.
He who only seeks love from a rose is surely but a butterfly.
He who pays the piper calls the tune.
He who pays the piper, calls the tune.
He who permits himself to tell a lie once, finds it much easier to do it a second and third time, till at length it becomes habitual; he tells lies without attending to it, and truths without the world's believing him.
He who pisses against the wind is rinsing his teeth.
He who praises everybody, praises nobody.
He who praises everyone praises nobody.
He who reads lives a thousand lives.
He who reads often and walks often, sees much and knows much.
He who rebukes the world is rebuked by the world.
He who rejects his brother through treachery, when he seeks him, he won't find him.
He who remains faithful to the truth arrives at his destination.
He who remains silent is understood to consent.
He who remains silent seems to consent.
He who risks not gains not.
He who risks nothing, gains nothing.
He who runs after two hares will catch neither.
He who saves a life, saves the whole world.
He who says A, must say B.
He who says big, does a little.
He who searches, finds.
He who seeketh horse or wife without flaws, may forsake his work and bear in mind that bed and stable forever empty he will keep.
He who seeks a flawless horse or flawless wife, may rest assured that even if his work he did forsake, nor bed nor stable would he ever fill.
He who seeks to achieve the doubtful can lose what is certain.
He who seeks to control fate shall never find peace.
He who seeks will find.
He who seeks wisdom is a wise man, he who thinks he's found it is a fool.
He who sheds his debts becomes wealthier.
He who shook the fruit from the tree should also gather it up.
He who sleeps does not sin.
He who sleeps forgets his hunger.
He who sleeps until noon, then starts to run.
He who sleeps with dogs gets up with fleas.
He who sleeps with dogs wakes up with fleas.
He who sleeps, does not sin.
He who sows the wind shall reap the storm.
He who speaks the truth needs a swift horse.
He who starts ten tasks won't finish a single one.
He who starts ten tasks won’t finish a single one.
He who steals a belt buckle will be executed; he who steals a state becomes a prince.
He who steals a pin will steal an ox.
He who surrenders hope, surrenders life.
He who swears is as if he had struck.
He who talks big does little.
He who thinks he has learned enough has learned nothing.
He who thinks himself already too wise to learn from others will never succeed in doing anything.
He who thinks of science is in love with it, and such a person never stops learning, even if he appears to do little on the outside.
He who touches pitch shall be defiled therewith.
He who uncovers the most dies the fastest.
He who walks in truth succeeds.
He who walks the straight and narrow path must resist temptations of all sorts.
He who wants a peacock must accept the difficulties of Hindustan.
He who wants benediction shall make it with his own hands.
He who wants honey must endure the bee stings.
He who wants it will buy it.
He who wants the harvest gets up early.
He who wants to do good should start from his own home.
He who wants to do good should start with those around him.
He who wants to give, does not ask for long.
He who wants to travel the path of wisdom must not fear failure, for no matter how much progress he makes, his goal remains unattainably far off.
He who wants to win everything must give up on everything.
He who wants wisdom should first have patience.
He who wants, seeks knowledge; he who dodges invokes impossibility.
He who wears armor falls with a big crash!
He who will succeed must work hard.
He who wishes for peace, prepares for war.
He who wishes to ride far spares his horse.
He who works a lot makes many mistakes. He who works a little make few mistakes. He who doesn't work doesn't make mistakes and gets promoted.
He who works alone adds; those who work together multiply.
He who would be loved, must love.
He who would catch fish must not mind getting wet.
He who would the daughter win, with the mother must begin.
He who wounds by the sword, dies by the sword.
He who writes reads twice.
He whom the gods love dies young.
He whose face gives no light, shall never become a star.
He whose hunger has hurt his mind remembers; he whose stomach it has tested forgets.
He whose two days are equal, is a loser.
He widened his eyes in fear.
He widened his small circle of friends.
He wields English well.
He wiggled his toes.
He will accept any money he can get.
He will accept the proposal.
He will accept your offer.
He will accompany the children to school.
He will accompany you.
He will address Parliament for the first time tomorrow.
He will admit it sooner or later.
He will advise you on that matter.
He will also go.
He will always be in my heart.
He will always be our favorite artist.
He will always be there.
He will always be with you.
He will always love her.
He will always love him.
He will answer for his crimes.
He will arrive by eight at the latest.
He will arrive in Kyoto tomorrow.
He will arrive in Paris tomorrow.
He will arrive on June 24.
He will arrive on June 24th.
He will arrive on the afternoon of the 5th.
He will arrive shortly.
He will arrive sooner or later.
He will arrive there about five o'clock.
He will arrive there about five o’clock.
He will arrive with a night flight.
He will arrive within an hour.
He will ask Tom.
He will ask me how old I am.
He will assist this project.
He will assist us in changing the tire.
He will assist us.
He will attend the talks.
He will avenge the people on their oppressor.
He will be 22 next year.
He will be 23 years old.
He will be a Newton in the future.
He will be a Shakespeare in the future.
He will be a Washington someday.
He will be a doctor when he grows up.
He will be a good doctor.
He will be a good husband to my sister.
He will be a good husband.
He will be a good teacher.
He will be a university student this year.
He will be a wonderful scholar.
He will be able to do the work soon.
He will be able to drive a car soon.
He will be able to hand in his report tomorrow.
He will be able to swim soon.
He will be absent today because he has a cold.
He will be angry to learn that she told a lie.
He will be arrested.
He will be arriving here soon.
He will be at home tomorrow.
He will be at the hospital tomorrow afternoon.
He will be back a week from today, that is, on December 10.
He will be back after lunch.
He will be back at three o'clock.
He will be back before long.
He will be back by 3:30.
He will be back by Monday at the latest.
He will be back here soon.
He will be back in a couple of days.
He will be back in a day or two.
He will be back in a few days.
He will be back in a second.
He will be back in an hour.
He will be back in ten minutes.
He will be back in thirty minutes.
He will be back on his feet soon.
He will be back shortly.
He will be back soon.
He will be back tomorrow.
He will be back within a week, that is, December 10.
He will be back.
He will be busy next month.
He will be busy tomorrow.
He will be buying his ticket today.
He will be calling on me next month.
He will be coming to see me this afternoon.
He will be coming to the party, too.
He will be coming to the party.
He will be contacting you directly.
He will be cool with it.
He will be delighted to see you.
He will be discharged from hospital soon, won't he?
He will be extradited to Algeria.
He will be fighting to unify the titles.
He will be filming at Nuja’s school.
He will be four years old on December thirty.
He will be free tomorrow.
He will be given American citizenship.
He will be going on a bird watching expedition.
He will be having dinner with her at this time tomorrow.
He will be here all evening.
He will be here any minute now.
He will be here any minute.
He will be here any moment.
He will be here for at least a week.
He will be here for four days.
He will be here in half an hour.
He will be here soon.
He will be here today.
He will be here with us in Kabylie this afternoon.
He will be home soon.
He will be hungry.
He will be in London at this time tomorrow.
He will be in New York for two weeks.
He will be in a lot of trouble later! His day will come!
He will be in his office all morning.
He will be in time for the train.
He will be judged mercilessly.
He will be killed by his boss.
He will be late to Berber class.
He will be laughed at by his friends.
He will be leaving on Monday.
He will be loved.
He will be missed on the team.
He will be missed.
He will be my deputy while I am away.
He will be my husband.
He will be named for President.
He will be off to Algiers.
He will be off tomorrow.
He will be only too glad to help you.
He will be out for two months.
He will be playing tennis tomorrow afternoon.
He will be pleased to help you.
He will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
He will be proud of himself.
He will be punished.
He will be reading a historical novel.
He will be reading everything.
He will be ready.
He will be really pleased.
He will be remembered always.
He will be right there waiting for you.
He will be right.
He will be ruined for life.
He will be scolded by his father.
He will be sitting in that room.
He will be skiing on Mt. Zao about this time tomorrow.
He will be sleeping when you get to his house.
He will be sleeping.
He will be sorry for it some day.
He will be sorry for that.
He will be studying when you get up.
He will be talking with his family at this time tomorrow.
He will be ten next April.
He will be there in five minutes.
He will be there.
He will be thirty in April.
He will be tired.
He will be tried in Algeria for selling illegal drugs.
He will be under my protection.
He will be up and about in a week.
He will be very busy next month.
He will be very nice.
He will be waiting for her.
He will be waiting for you about two o'clock.
He will be waiting for you about two o’clock.
He will be waiting for you when you get there.
He will be waiting for you.
He will be waiting me on the other side of town.
He will be watching television if you visit him now.
He will be wondering what we are doing.
He will be writing a letter.
He will become a good doctor.
He will become a good football player one day.
He will become a good soccer player some day.
He will become a good therapist.
He will become the god of gods.
He will bite the dust.
He will blow our party.
He will break it.
He will break my heart.
He will break up with her.
He will bring Tom.
He will bring something new.
He will bring them to us?
He will broach issues like climate change, fighting poverty and sustainable development.
He will build a bridge.
He will burn in hell for eternity.
He will bury us all.
He will buy Aali's luxury car.
He will buy it for us as a present.
He will by no means come.
He will call a doctor.
He will call for me about six.
He will call on me tomorrow.
He will call the doctor.
He will call you.
He will care for him.
He will carry those suitcases for you.
He will cast me a bone to pick.
He will catch us.
He will catch you.
He will cause him again big problems.
He will certainly attend the meeting.
He will certainly be deported if found.
He will certainly be glad to see you here in Bejaia.
He will certainly be late.
He will certainly be punished.
He will certainly come, nevertheless.
He will chalk up more than ten points.
He will change his mind again.
He will change his mind.
He will change it.
He will collect money.
He will come after all.
He will come afterwards.
He will come all right.
He will come back at four.
He will come back in a few days.
He will come back in another two weeks.
He will come back soon.
He will come back sooner or later.
He will come back to Japan in the middle of May.
He will come back tomorrow.
He will come back when he gets hungry.
He will come back when he realizes what he did.
He will come back.
He will come down soon.
He will come here soon to inspect the industry of this town.
He will come home in a few days.
He will come if he has a mind to.
He will come if you call him.
He will come in a moment.
He will come in the afternoon.
He will come into a large fortune.
He will come later.
He will come nine cases out of ten.
He will come nine times out of ten.
He will come of age next year.
He will come on June 24th.
He will come over tonight.
He will come provided that he is well enough.
He will come soon.
He will come sooner or later.
He will come this afternoon.
He will come to my place tonight.
He will come to see us some day.
He will come to the church without fail.
He will come to the station by bus.
He will come to you tomorrow.
He will come tomorrow.
He will come with his wife, as is often the case with foreigners.
He will come with me.
He will come, for sure.
He will come.
He will commit suicide if he can't see his son.
He will commit suicide if he can’t see his son.
He will consider this.
He will continue to cry if we stay here.
He will cope well with difficulties.
He will cover you.
He will cross the river and pace the pier until the morning before visiting the dentist.
He will curse you.
He will cut your bread.
He will decide at the last moment.
He will defeat them.
He will definitely come.
He will definitely succeed.
He will deny it, so don't pay him any attention.
He will die instantly.
He will die, I will follow him behind.
He will die.
He will do a video on it.
He will do anything but murder.
He will do anything to make money.
He will do his best to finish it on time.
He will do his best.
He will do it his own way.
He will do it slowly.
He will do it, too.
He will do it.
He will do something.
He will do that.
He will do the dishes.
He will do what I tell him.
He will do whatever it takes to reach his goal.
He will doubtless be late.
He will drink the champagne at midnight.
He will drive home, though he is drunk.
He will eat beans.
He will eat his meal, then he will leave for the city.
He will eat the apple.
He will eat.
He will either come or call me.
He will end the work by tomorrow.
He will end up in jail.
He will end up in prison.
He will enjoy himself.
He will equal the dog in servitude.
He will eventually ruin himself.
He will excuse me.
He will explain it to you when he comes back.
He will fail in life.
He will fall ill sooner or later.
He will fight the heavyweight champion tomorrow.
He will figure on inviting a lot of guests to the opening ceremony.
He will find a cure.
He will find a doctor in Algiers.
He will find her.
He will find him.
He will find himself alone.
He will find out the truth.
He will find the bus stop easily.
He will find them.
He will finish serving his sentence next month.
He will fix it.
He will fly to At Jlil.
He will fly to Seddouk.
He will follow Tom.
He will follow my advice.
He will follow you.
He will forever be in our hearts.
He will forever live on in our memories.
He will forward money to me.
He will get a better job with a college degree.
He will get an average mark at best.
He will get an average mark at worst.
He will get back from school by five.
He will get back from school.
He will get back soon.
He will get better in two weeks.
He will get better little by little.
He will get his chance.
He will get his computer fixed in a few hours.
He will get his job back at the next election.
He will get his revenge.
He will get nowhere with his plans.
He will get the letter tomorrow.
He will get these.
He will get up soon.
He will get used to it.
He will get well soon.
He will get well very soon.
He will get what is coming to him!
He will give it to you?
He will give you some good advice on this matter.
He will go along with your plan.
He will go as well.
He will go in your place.
He will go on foot.
He will go skiing.
He will go swimming, whether you go with him or stay at home.
He will go there next month.
He will go there tomorrow.
He will go to Brazil by plane.
He will go to New York next month.
He will go to Tokyo tomorrow, won't he?
He will go to Tokyo tomorrow, won’t he?
He will go to hospital.
He will go to the airport.
He will go to the beach with his friend.
He will go to the dentist now and wait, as he can't risk getting the time of the appointment wrong.
He will go to the dentist.
He will go to the meeting instead of me.
He will go to trial.
He will go with you.
He will graduate from university in 2001 if things go well.
He will grant permission for you to go out.
He will grow up and eventually appreciate it.
He will grow up to be a man.
He will harvest his wheat in July.
He will have a picnic next Saturday.
He will have a sleepless night with them.
He will have been in the hospital for a year next March.
He will have been teaching for thirty years this spring.
He will have been working for five hours by noon.
He will have been writing a letter.
He will have breakfast early tomorrow.
He will have determined which college he wants to go to.
He will have dinner.
He will have done his homework by tomorrow.
He will have finished by tomorrow.
He will have gotten the inspiration from that animated cartoon.
He will have his lunch, after which he will head to the city.
He will have his own way in everything.
He will have his own way.
He will have left here by the time you return.
He will have lived here for ten years by the end of next month.
He will have lived in Paris for ten years next year.
He will have lunch, then he will take the road to the city.
He will have no chance of winning her heart.
He will have no chance of winning his heart.
He will have no choice but to accept.
He will have passed away in a moment.
He will have reached Osaka by now.
He will have spent all his money by the end of the month.
He will have the letter tomorrow.
He will have to do that task again.
He will have to get up early tomorrow.
He will have to go there.
He will have to go to the station.
He will have to help his mother in the kitchen tomorrow.
He will have to leave.
He will have to pick her up.
He will have to pick them up.
He will have to repeat the class.
He will have to repeat the school year.
He will have to undergo an operation next week.
He will have value.
He will have written a letter.
He will help us.
He will help with everything he can.
He will hide it.
He will hide the letter.
He will hire someone who speaks English.
He will join us later.
He will judge between the nations, and will decide concerning many peoples. They shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruning hooks. Nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.
He will keep us informed.
He will kill himself if he doesn't see his child.
He will kill me for sure.
He will kill the hope in you.
He will learn French.
He will learn the facts in the course of time.
He will learn these things not so much from what the other man says as from how he says it.
He will learn to do it in three hours.
He will leave Japan in April.
He will leave Tokyo and come to Kansai in June.
He will leave Tokyo to go to Kansai in June.
He will leave by train at 6:30.
He will leave for New York next Sunday.
He will leave for Paris next month.
He will leave for Tokyo next month.
He will leave for the station an hour before the train leaves.
He will leave here for good.
He will leave here tomorrow.
He will leave here with a face not even his mother will recognize.
He will leave his name, he will remain forever, for eternity.
He will leave this city next month.
He will lend you his umbrella.
He will let her know.
He will let you pass.
He will like it.
He will like the book that I got him.
He will likely change his mind.
He will live forever in our hearts.
He will live up to his father's expectations.
He will live up to his father’s expectations.
He will look after the cats for me while I'm abroad.
He will look after the cats for me while I’m abroad.
He will look in on me again this afternoon.
He will lose his temper at the news.
He will lose weight.
He will lose.
He will love her forever.
He will make a business trip to London next week.
He will make a good doctor.
He will make a good husband for my sister.
He will make a good team captain.
He will make a good trucker.
He will make amends for the damage.
He will make her a good husband.
He will make history.
He will make my sister a good husband.
He will make you eat dirt.
He will marry her later.
He will meet the man tomorrow.
He will miss the train.
He will move out of his parents' house.
He will move to Lekser.
He will need money.
He will never acquiesce.
He will never admit his fault.
He will never be a teacher.
He will never be able to look at her again.
He will never be my student.
He will never become a good musician.
He will never believe me again.
He will never break his promise.
He will never change his mind.
He will never die.
He will never fail to carry out the project.
He will never find another job like this one.
He will never forgive me.
He will never forgive my debt.
He will never forgive you.
He will never get anywhere with that prejudiced idea.
He will never get over his huge business losses.
He will never give in even when he is wrong.
He will never go back to Kabylie.
He will never go to a mosque again.
He will never hang up!
He will never live up to his parent's expectations.
He will never live up to his parent’s expectations.
He will never make it.
He will never make this.
He will never play you foul.
He will never see Algeria again.
He will never see land again.
He will never set foot in Algeria again.
He will never use a computer again.
He will never visit the town again.
He will never yield to the pressure of a politician.
He will never yield.
He will not abandon all hope.
He will not accomplish anything.
He will not agree with us.
He will not approve.
He will not be able to do the work.
He will not be back tomorrow.
He will not be beholden to special interests.
He will not be fit in time.
He will not be ready.
He will not buy any bread.
He will not change his mind in spite of my advice.
He will not come today.
He will not die in his sleep, but hang.
He will not disappoint me.
He will not do it anymore.
He will not do it.
He will not escape punishment.
He will not extend a penny from his pocket.
He will not fail in the examination.
He will not fail to pay it.
He will not get the job without someone to back him up.
He will not go.
He will not have given you anything.
He will not help them, nor will I.
He will not listen to any of us; you might as well talk to a figure of stone.
He will not listen to me.
He will not live more than a day.
He will not live more than one day.
He will not permit his children to sit up late.
He will not play any more this season.
He will not rest until the matter is finished.
He will not say yes.
He will not stay for more than four days.
He will not steal my money; I have faith in him.
He will not succeed in laughing at my expense.
He will notice sooner or later.
He will notify Tom.
He will object to your going abroad.
He will often forget his promise.
He will often go out for the whole day.
He will often sit and look at the sea for hours.
He will on no account accept defeat.
He will only write.
He will outlast us all.
He will outlive us all.
He will paint the fence tomorrow.
He will pass his exams, become a graduate student, and continue his studies.
He will pass the coming examination.
He will pass the next examination.
He will pass the upcoming examination.
He will pay 20 dollars at most.
He will pay for everything.
He will pay for this.
He will plant a pine tree.
He will play baseball tomorrow.
He will play golf next Sunday.
He will play soccer tomorrow.
He will play tennis tomorrow.
He will play tennis with his friends.
He will play the leading role for the first time in the next school festival.
He will present a book to his teacher.
He will probably arrive in the afternoon.
He will probably be here in a few minutes.
He will probably change his mind.
He will probably fail.
He will probably forget his promise.
He will probably forget to return my book.
He will probably never walk again.
He will probably not go.
He will probably win the speech contest.
He will protect you.
He will provide you with what you need.
He will reach Hakodate tonight.
He will reach Kyoto the day after tomorrow.
He will recall him.
He will receive the letter tomorrow.
He will receive the man tomorrow.
He will recommend you for a good post.
He will reconcile their dispute.
He will refuse to listen to you.
He will regret his own words.
He will regret it for the rest of his life.
He will regret it sooner or later.
He will regret this.
He will remember him.
He will remember this his whole life.
He will remember this weekend as long as he lives.
He will remember us saying so.
He will reminisce about him.
He will renovate the place.
He will repent bitterly for defying me.
He will reside here for a few days.
He will return from Europe soon.
He will return if only a little.
He will return to Japan some day.
He will return to the game soon.
He will return within 3 hours.
He will ruin us all.
He will run for mayor.
He will run for the next year's election.
He will run for the next year’s election.
He will save us.
He will say: I see.
He will scold us no matter what.
He will see her this evening.
He will see her.
He will see him this evening.
He will see them this evening.
He will see.
He will send Gilles up to the room.
He will send me money.
He will send the book by mail.
He will set limits for her.
He will set limits for him.
He will set out for China tomorrow.
He will show no regard for the gods of his fathers or for the one desired by women, nor will he regard any god, but will exalt himself above them all.
He will show the city to the tourists.
He will show you.
He will sit for hours reading books.
He will sit for the entrance examination.
He will sleep at a hotel in Pakse tonight but he will sleep in a guest house in Luang Prabang tomorrow night.
He will sleep well tonight.
He will slice the cheese for the subs.
He will solve everything.
He will soon be a father.
He will soon be able to swim well.
He will soon be allowed to swim.
He will soon be back.
He will soon be past playing with toys.
He will soon be ready.
He will soon be weary of the task.
He will soon become a father.
He will soon come back.
He will soon get used to the class.
He will soon get used to the climate here.
He will soon leave his parents' home.
He will soon return home.
He will speak on behalf of his village.
He will speak.
He will spend the next four years in the jungle, engulfed in mud and filth.
He will start at six.
He will start his new job on Monday.
He will stay for five to six days.
He will stay here for a long period.
He will stay here for the remainder of his life.
He will stay in Kabylie.
He will stay in Tokyo for several weeks.
He will stay in my room.
He will steal a policeman's uniform to steal.
He will stick to his promise if he gives it.
He will stop hesitating.
He will struggle to graduate if he does not make progress.
He will study French.
He will study your report.
He will study.
He will succeed to his father's property.
He will succeed to his father’s property.
He will succeed to the throne.
He will succeed without doubt.
He will succeed without fail.
He will succeed, without a doubt.
He will suffer if he doesn't listen to me.
He will suffer.
He will suggest new approaches.
He will surely achieve his goal.
He will surely arrive at Hakodate tonight.
He will surely succeed in his new job.
He will survive.
He will take a tangerine.
He will take charge of the class.
He will take her as his wife in the future.
He will take her somewhere else.
He will take his sister to the party.
He will take it and bless it.
He will take it somewhere else.
He will take it.
He will take on the responsibility for his friends.
He will take over the business when his father retires.
He will take the grapes.
He will take the path laid out by his father.
He will talk about us again in the village.
He will talk.
He will telephone you immediately when he comes back.
He will tell everything to me sooner or later.
He will tell her about it when she comes back.
He will tell her something.
He will tell her.
He will tell me everything sooner or later.
He will think he has been completely forgotten.
He will throw them under the bus.
He will transfer money to me.
He will travel abroad next year.
He will travel tomorrow. He is looking forward to it.
He will trust you.
He will try it.
He will try to have his own way.
He will ultimately pass the exam.
He will visit his uncle.
He will visit there this summer for sure.
He will wait for it.
He will wait.
He will walk in the park this afternoon.
He will walk.
He will wash dishes.
He will wash his towels again.
He will wash the windows.
He will wed her afterwards.
He will welcome the man tomorrow.
He will win the first prize.
He will win.
He will without doubt succeed in the exam.
He will work one day and loaf the next day.
He will work with us.
He will wriggle out of the fix.
He will write an answer very soon.
He will write for hours at a time.
He will write soon.
He will write to his sister.
He will, no doubt, tell the boss on me.
He winced as the nurse pushed the needle into his arm.
He winced as though he were in pain.
He winced in pain.
He winded himself when he fell off the swing.
He wined me and dined me and then wanted to take me to bed!
He winked and her heart fluttered.
He winked and she blushed.
He winked at her and blew her a kiss.
He winked at her.
He winked at me.
He winked back.
He winked one eye expressively and jerked his head toward the kitchen. His actions were full of meaning.
He winked playfully across the room.
He winked.
He wins his arguments by logical reasoning.
He wiped away her tears with his fingers.
He wiped away her tears.
He wiped away his tears.
He wiped her tears away.
He wiped his eyes.
He wiped his feet on the doormat.
He wiped his feet on the mat.
He wiped his forehead.
He wiped his hands on a handkerchief.
He wiped his hands on his jeans.
He wiped his hot forehead with his sweaty shirtsleeve, turning with a smile toward his mother.
He wiped his nose on his sleeve.
He wiped out the recording.
He wiped the sand from his legs.
He wiped the sweat from his brow.
He wiped the sweat from his face with the back of his hand.
He wiped the sweat from his face.
He wiped the sweat from his forehead with a handkerchief.
He wiped the sweat from his forehead with a washcloth.
He wiped the sweat from his forehead.
He wiped the sweat off his face.
He wiped the whiteboard.
He wired some money to her.
He wired the money.
He wished Mary had told him the story.
He wished for a life as an eternal tourist.
He wished he could afford that.
He wished he could dance the tango.
He wished he could do sommersaults.
He wished he could fly.
He wished he could go hiking.
He wished he could run faster.
He wished he could spend more time with her.
He wished he could understand English.
He wished he had a decent job.
He wished he had a dog.
He wished he had more free time.
He wished he had more friends.
He wished he had more money.
He wished he had more time.
He wished he had parents.
He wished he had something to do.
He wished he hadn't borrowed the book from her.
He wished he hadn't done that.
He wished he hadn't looked.
He wished he hadn't mentioned that he knew her.
He wished he hadn't promised her he'd go to Boston with her.
He wished he hadn't said that.
He wished he hadn't told her he loved her.
He wished he hadn't won.
He wished he never said any of those things.
He wished he was with her.
He wished he were dead.
He wished he were still single.
He wished he were taller.
He wished he'd been more careful.
He wished he'd never met her.
He wished he'd studied harder.
He wished himself dead.
He wished me a good night.
He wished me long life.
He wished she had more time for him.
He wished she had more time.
He wished that I might understand.
He wished that a bowl of peanut soup would magically appear before him.
He wished that he could spend more time with her.
He wished that he hadn't borrowed the book from her.
He wished to become a renowned poet.
He wished to eat a sandwich.
He wished to keep the bank accounts separate for tax purposes.
He wished to marry her.
He wished to wait until the next night.
He wishes for a better education system.
He wishes for a better financial situation.
He wishes for a better relationship.
He wishes for a better work-life balance.
He wishes for a bigger house.
He wishes for a cure for Alzheimer's.
He wishes for a healthy lifestyle.
He wishes for a new car.
He wishes for a new job.
He wishes for a peaceful world.
He wishes for a promotion.
He wishes for world peace.
He wishes he could be taller.
He wishes he could fly.
He wishes he could play the guitar.
He wishes he could rewind it all.
He wishes he could run faster.
He wishes he could speak Berber.
He wishes he could speak English.
He wishes he could speak French.
He wishes he could swap places with her.
He wishes he could teleport.
He wishes he could travel more.
He wishes he could turn back time.
He wishes he didn't have to help with the housework.
He wishes he had a bigger car.
He wishes he had a larger office.
He wishes he had glorious hair.
He wishes he had gone to the theater last night.
He wishes he had studied harder when he was young.
He wishes he hadn't done it.
He wishes he hadn't done that.
He wishes he hadn't won.
He wishes he was a better swimmer.
He wishes he were a millionaire.
He wishes he'd done that, too.
He wishes he'd done that.
He wishes he'd waited for her.
He wishes he'd won.
He wishes it.
He wishes me dead.
He wishes that he could be a better singer.
He wishes the accident hadn't happened.
He wishes the accident hadn’t happened.
He wishes to be a footballer.
He wishes to be above them.
He wishes to be at the top.
He wishes to become a doctor.
He wishes to bring me along.
He wishes to buy a valuable jewel for his daughter.
He wishes to die naturally.
He wishes to do them harm.
He wishes to eat.
He wishes to end his life.
He wishes to erase bad memories.
He wishes to get even.
He wishes to lighten the burden.
He wishes to live his own way.
He wishes to look.
He wishes to make an announcement.
He wishes to no longer see her.
He wishes to resign on the grounds that his health is failing.
He wishes to talk to you.
He wishes you well.
He withdrew $2,000 from the bank.
He withdrew $300 from his account.
He withdrew completely.
He withdrew his hand from the table.
He withdrew his money from the bank.
He withdrew the bill.
He withdrew the last dollar of his saving.
He withdrew without saying a word.
He withheld his consent.
He witnessed an accident on his way to school.
He witnessed that cheerful scene that could, however, end tragically.
He witnessed the accident on his way to school.
He witnessed the accident.
He witnessed the crime.
He witnessed the murder.
He woke Tom up.
He woke Tom.
He woke from his slumber.
He woke her up with a kiss.
He woke her up.
He woke his son up for the fajr prayer.
He woke me up.
He woke up and found a horse's head in his bed.
He woke up and found himself in a meadow full of flowers.
He woke up and was able to speak.
He woke up became someone shook him.
He woke up before dawn.
He woke up before her.
He woke up behind bars.
He woke up earlier than usual today.
He woke up early and went to the mosque.
He woke up early in the morning.
He woke up early this morning.
He woke up early to earn his bread.
He woke up early today!
He woke up early today.
He woke up from his nap.
He woke up from his sleep.
He woke up hours later in the motel.
He woke up in a dimly lit basement.
He woke up in a prison cell.
He woke up in a sweat.
He woke up in another room.
He woke up in her arms.
He woke up in the middle of the night.
He woke up in the morning and he prayed.
He woke up late and was late for school.
He woke up naked and confused.
He woke up of himself.
He woke up starving; but after getting outside a substantial breakfast, he felt splendid.
He woke up to earn his money even if it was raining.
He woke up to find himself lying on a bench in the park.
He woke up to find himself lying on a park bench.
He woke up to his 100th birthday, deeply disappointed.
He woke up to the sound of a helicopter.
He woke up when it was daylight.
He woke up with a pain in his side.
He woke up with a start shivered in the cold.
He woke up with a start.
He woke up.
He woke us up.
He woke you up.
He woke you.
He wolfed down the food.
He wolfed the food down.
He won $10,000 in the lottery.
He won a bronze medal.
He won a dramatic success.
He won a free car.
He won a free trip to Tunis.
He won a gold medal.
He won a medal.
He won a narrow victory in the race.
He won a prize in the spelling competition.
He won a scholarship to study Berber in Paris.
He won a scholarship to study in Germany.
He won a silver medal.
He won a sizeable amount of money.
He won a sum of money, and not such a small one, either.
He won a talent competition.
He won a trophy in a chess competition.
He won a trophy.
He won again.
He won all the fights.
He won an Oscar.
He won an award.
He won an immediate response.
He won but only at a price.
He won by a small number of popular votes.
He won by a small number of votes.
He won by cheating.
He won eminence as a scientist.
He won every single challenge.
He won everything.
He won fame as a novelist.
He won fame by the novel.
He won first prize as a result of his great effort.
He won first prize at the spelling contest.
He won five games in a row.
He won five thousand euros in the lottery.
He won four successive world championships.
He won gold in the competition.
He won her affection.
He won her love.
He won many competitions.
He won re-election twelve times.
He won scholarships from the British and German governments to study at the Royal Academy of Music in London and at the Felix Mendelson Bartholdy University for Music and Theater in Leipzig in 1999. His passion for the piano has been influenced predominately by Schumann, Schubert and Debussy.
He won the Nobel Prize for Literature.
He won the Nobel Prize.
He won the baking contest.
He won the bet.
He won the challenge.
He won the championship.
He won the competition.
He won the contest.
He won the day by virtue of his strength of will.
He won the election by a large majority.
He won the election by just three votes.
He won the election.
He won the elections by a landslide.
He won the fight by a knockout.
He won the fight.
He won the first prize at the chess tournament.
He won the first prize.
He won the game thanks to his strong will.
He won the game.
He won the genetic lottery.
He won the lottery.
He won the motion and settled the case.
He won the next election.
He won the prize for excellence in all subjects.
He won the prize in the category "Best Up-and-Coming Artist".
He won the prize last week.
He won the prize this day week.
He won the prize this week.
He won the public speaking contest.
He won the race again.
He won the race easily without being fully extended.
He won the race easily.
He won the race once again.
He won the race with ease.
He won the race.
He won the spelling bee.
He won the third prize.
He won the toss.
He won the trophy.
He won this one.
He won this prize in a contest.
He won three Olympic gold medals.
He won three million when she participated in the lottery.
He won us over with his honesty.
He won!
He won't accept the gifts.
He won't admit his fault.
He won't admit it, but he's secretly in love with her.
He won't admit that he was wrong.
He won't admit that he's done anything wrong.
He won't admit that he's wrong.
He won't agree.
He won't allow dogs in his house.
He won't allow himself to be caught.
He won't always be around.
He won't answer any more.
He won't answer me.
He won't answer.
He won't approve.
He won't argue with her.
He won't argue.
He won't be a good player.
He won't be able to come anymore due to his obligations.
He won't be able to do a thing.
He won't be able to do it alone.
He won't be able to do it by himself, so we need to ask someone to help him.
He won't be able to do that by himself.
He won't be able to escape from there without a miracle, will he?
He won't be able to fix it himself.
He won't be able to fix that by himself.
He won't be able to fix the car by himself.
He won't be able to fool her.
He won't be able to lift that box by himself.
He won't be able to represent the defendant anymore.
He won't be able to stop her.
He won't be able to turn around.
He won't be able to understand it.
He won't be afraid.
He won't be allowed to travel to Algeria.
He won't be angry.
He won't be at the meeting tonight.
He won't be available until four.
He won't be away for long.
He won't be back tomorrow.
He won't be back until Wednesday.
He won't be beholden to special interests.
He won't be buying any bread.
He won't be coming here again.
He won't be coming in rain like this.
He won't be easily discouraged, because he's a tough guy.
He won't be fit in time.
He won't be getting any help from her.
He won't be getting the presents.
He won't be gone long.
He won't be happy about that.
He won't be happy here without her.
He won't be helped by anyone.
He won't be here much longer.
He won't be home at lunch time.
He won't be in time for the meeting.
He won't be jealous.
He won't be late, will he?
He won't be laughing very long.
He won't be leaving without her.
He won't be mad.
He won't be missed.
He won't be playing any more this season.
He won't be playing football this season.
He won't be pleased.
He won't be ready.
He won't be right.
He won't be shy.
He won't be sleepy.
He won't be spending New Year's Eve with his family.
He won't be staying here.
He won't be the first one to get off the bus.
He won't be there, will he?
He won't beat me.
He won't become famous.
He won't believe it.
He won't believe us as well.
He won't bite.
He won't bother you anymore.
He won't budge.
He won't build a university in Finland.
He won't buy any bread.
He won't buy it.
He won't buy that for her.
He won't call her.
He won't call this evening.
He won't call.
He won't calm down.
He won't care.
He won't catch her.
He won't change his mind.
He won't change his opinion.
He won't change.
He won't come back, believe me.
He won't come back.
He won't come because of the weather.
He won't come here again.
He won't come if it rains.
He won't come in a rain like this.
He won't come in rain like this.
He won't come out of his room.
He won't come out.
He won't come to class tomorrow.
He won't come tonight.
He won't come, owing to Tom.
He won't come, will he?
He won't come.
He won't contact the police anymore.
He won't cry.
He won't deal with it.
He won't deal.
He won't die.
He won't die. He is as strong as a horse.
He won't do anything by himself.
He won't do it unless we pay him a bit more.
He won't do it.
He won't do that again, will he?
He won't do that by himself, will he?
He won't do that by himself.
He won't do that for her.
He won't do that here, will he?
He won't do that himself.
He won't do that now, will he?
He won't do that today, will he?
He won't do that without her.
He won't do that, will he?
He won't do this again.
He won't do this.
He won't do what he says he'll do.
He won't do you any harm.
He won't do.
He won't drink tonight.
He won't drive to Boston by himself.
He won't eat anything I give him.
He won't eat by himself, will he?
He won't eat it.
He won't eat.
He won't even come to the party.
He won't even look at her.
He won't even speak to her.
He won't fall for that story.
He won't feel a thing.
He won't find anything in the attic.
He won't find anything.
He won't finish it today.
He won't fire her.
He won't forgive her.
He won't forgive himself.
He won't forgive me so easily.
He won't get a look-in.
He won't get a nosebleed.
He won't get away.
He won't get better.
He won't get fat on his salary.
He won't get in.
He won't get it.
He won't get out of my head.
He won't get sleepy.
He won't get the money right away.
He won't go against his principles.
He won't go alone.
He won't go anywhere if he goes by foot.
He won't go camping by himself.
He won't go even if he's invited.
He won't go near the water because he's deathly afraid of jellyfish.
He won't go on to graduate school.
He won't go shopping without her.
He won't go to Boston without her.
He won't go to the hospital.
He won't go, will he?
He won't go.
He won't have a choice.
He won't have a second chance.
He won't have given this a second thought.
He won't have nightmares.
He won't have to do that by himself.
He won't have to do that himself.
He won't have to pay for the hamburgers either.
He won't have to wait for her.
He won't help her down or up.
He won't help her.
He won't help, will he?
He won't help.
He won't hit her.
He won't hurt himself again.
He won't hurt you.
He won't invent gunpowder.
He won't kiss her.
He won't know how to come.
He won't know what hit him.
He won't know.
He won't last the winter out.
He won't leave her there by herself.
He won't leave her.
He won't leave his dog with you.
He won't leave me alone.
He won't leave until he's talked to her.
He won't leave us alone.
He won't leave.
He won't let anybody sit in his armchair.
He won't let anyone help him.
He won't let anyone into his house.
He won't let anything past!
He won't let anything past.
He won't let her go.
He won't let her have her way.
He won't let himself be fooled!
He won't let me anywhere near her.
He won't let me ask you.
He won't let me down.
He won't let me help her.
He won't let me help him.
He won't let me hug him anymore.
He won't let us go there without her.
He won't let us go there without him.
He won't let us help her.
He won't let us help him.
He won't let us sing with his band.
He won't let you go.
He won't let you guys help him.
He won't let you in his house.
He won't let you in unless you knock the ostinato rhythm from the Mars movement of Holst's The Planets suite.
He won't let you out.
He won't like that.
He won't like this.
He won't likely be able to do everything by himself.
He won't likely change his opinion.
He won't likely do that by himself.
He won't likely do that with her.
He won't likely go jogging with her.
He won't likely have to do that by himself.
He won't likely kiss her.
He won't likely speak French to her.
He won't likely stop despising her.
He won't likely trust her.
He won't likely wait for her.
He won't listen to a word I say.
He won't listen to anyone.
He won't listen to his mother.
He won't listen to me.
He won't listen.
He won't listen. I might as well talk to a brick wall.
He won't listen. It's like talking to the wall.
He won't live a long life.
He won't live in this apartment anymore.
He won't live long.
He won't live more than a day.
He won't live more than one day.
He won't live much longer.
He won't look at my advice.
He won't lose.
He won't make it to old age.
He won't make it.
He won't mind.
He won't miss me.
He won't miss that about Canada.
He won't need a phone.
He won't need it any longer.
He won't need money.
He won't notice.
He won't object.
He won't pass the test.
He won't pass.
He won't pay anything.
He won't play any more this season.
He won't play tomorrow.
He won't punish the children.
He won't reach old age.
He won't really do that, will he?
He won't receive guests.
He won't remember.
He won't resign.
He won't rest until the matter is over with.
He won't retire.
He won't return my phone calls.
He won't reveal the code.
He won't risk hurting himself.
He won't say a word.
He won't say anything about himself.
He won't say no to a glass of liqueur.
He won't say no to a little liqueur.
He won't say no.
He won't see me.
He won't sell at that price.
He won't sing.
He won't sit there.
He won't sit with her.
He won't spill it.
He won't starve the dogs to death.
He won't starve the dogs.
He won't starve to death.
He won't starve.
He won't stay here long.
He won't stay still.
He won't stay.
He won't stop calling me.
He won't stop complaining.
He won't stop her.
He won't stop loving her.
He won't stop snoring!
He won't stop wittering on.
He won't stop.
He won't succeed.
He won't survive another terrible winter.
He won't survive more than a day.
He won't swim.
He won't take no for an answer.
He won't take this lightly.
He won't talk to Olivia for a week.
He won't talk to her and she won't talk to him.
He won't talk.
He won't teach French anymore.
He won't tell anybody, will he?
He won't tell anyone about this place.
He won't tell anyone, will he?
He won't tell her.
He won't tell me what happened.
He won't tell me when he was born.
He won't tell me who he's dating.
He won't tell us anything about himself.
He won't tell us what he knows.
He won't tell us where he lives.
He won't turn up tonight.
He won't vote.
He won't wait.
He won't want to dance with her.
He won't want to sit next to her.
He won't win.
He won.
He wondered about human purpose.
He wondered how long he'd have to wait for her.
He wondered how many times he'd have to tell her to clean her room before she finally did it.
He wondered how many times the sun would rise before his salary would.
He wondered if he had to do that.
He wondered if he should do that.
He wondered if he'd be safe here.
He wondered if he'd been lied to.
He wondered if she liked him as much as he liked her.
He wondered if she loved him as much as he loved her.
He wondered if she'd like the gift he bought her.
He wondered if the man was armed.
He wondered to himself why his wife had left him.
He wondered what happened to her.
He wondered what he could do.
He wondered what he should cook for her.
He wondered what he should do next.
He wondered what he should do.
He wondered what he should say.
He wondered what his life would've been like if he'd married her.
He wondered what that creature could actually have been.
He wondered what to do about the wallet he was holding.
He wondered where she hid her keys.
He wondered where to hang his coat.
He wondered whether she'd like the gift he bought her.
He wondered whether to phone her.
He wondered whether to ring her.
He wondered why he'd been invited.
He wondered why his wife left him.
He wondered why she did not come.
He wondered why she did that.
He wondered why she'd changed her mind.
He wondered why they looked excited and tried to get their attention.
He wonders how it would be to live where they are supposed to live.
He wonders if it's true.
He wonders if you are afraid of snakes.
He wonders why.
He won’t admit his fault.
He won’t be a good player.
He won’t be able to escape from there without a miracle, will he?
He won’t be away for long.
He won’t be easily discouraged, because he’s a tough guy.
He won’t be home at lunch time.
He won’t be in time for the meeting.
He won’t be pleased.
He won’t beat me.
He won’t call this evening.
He won’t come if it rains.
He won’t come in a rain like this.
He won’t come to class tomorrow.
He won’t come, will he?
He won’t do you any harm.
He won’t get fat on his salary.
He won’t go on to graduate school.
He won’t have a look-in.
He won’t let you in unless you knock the ostinato rhythm from the Mars movement of Holst’s The Planets suite.
He won’t listen. I might as well talk to a brick wall.
He won’t live a long life.
He won’t look at my advice.
He won’t make it to old age.
He won’t need to go to school anymore.
He won’t ruin his clothes.
He won’t say anything about himself.
He won’t turn up tonight.
He wooed them with promises of higher wages.
He woofed down the food.
He woofed the food down.
He wore a baggy, blue hooded shirt, black beanie, a blue and white surgical mask, red or brown gloves, gray sweat pants, and dark shoes with white soles.
He wore a black hat to the party.
He wore a black leather jacket.
He wore a blank look.
He wore a blue checked shirt open at the throat, overalls, suspenders and a straw hat that had weathered many seasons of sunshine and rain.
He wore a blue shirt.
He wore a breastplate.
He wore a cap on his head.
He wore a coat too large for him.
He wore a dark sweater.
He wore a diaper on long flights because of his incontinence.
He wore a flannel shirt.
He wore a hat, which meant that he wasn't being followed and it was safe to proceed.
He wore a hat.
He wore a hoody.
He wore a jacket whose color I couldn't determine.
He wore a jaunty coat of chocolate-colored velvet, with diamond buttons, and with two huge pockets which were always filled with bones, dropped there at dinner by his loving mistress.
He wore a karate suit.
He wore a light blue tie.
He wore a mask so no one would recognize him.
He wore a mask so that no one could recognize him.
He wore a mask so that no one would recognise him.
He wore a mask.
He wore a morning coat.
He wore a necktie instead of a bow tie.
He wore a new coat to school today.
He wore a nice hat.
He wore a pirate costume for Halloween.
He wore a plain white tunic and purple-trimmed cloak; the only sign of kingship was the golden chaplet on his head and the signet ring on one finger.
He wore a pressed button-down collar shirt and black pants.
He wore a pullover sweater to keep from getting cold.
He wore a red sash across his chest.
He wore a robe over his pajamas.
He wore a sleek black suit to the ceremony.
He wore a stylish black fedora.
He wore a t-shirt from the last concert he attended.
He wore a top hat and a monocle.
He wore a tunic over a silk shirt and high patent leather boots.
He wore a very loud necktie.
He wore a very loud tie.
He wore a very shiny top hat and a neat suit of sober black.
He wore a vest.
He wore a white collar and his best suit of clothes, which was plain proof that he was going out of Avonlea.
He wore an earpiece so that she would guide him.
He wore an earpiece.
He wore an old-fashioned great-coat, much faded, within which his meagre person was so completely enveloped that the rest of his attire was undistinguishable.
He wore clean trousers.
He wore gaiters, and carried a heavy stick with a knob to it.
He wore glasses.
He wore gloves.
He wore goggles.
He wore gold rimmed pince-nez.
He wore himself out for nothing.
He wore himself out.
He wore his clothes inside out.
He wore his footwear.
He wore his hat askew.
He wore his shirt outside of his trousers.
He wore horn-rimmed glasses.
He wore luxurious clothes.
He wore no socks.
He wore old shoes.
He wore only a shirt and Mary a skirt.
He wore only original stuff.
He wore pajamas.
He wore red pants.
He wore red trousers.
He wore slippers constantly.
He wore sunglasses even in winter, to prevent the sun from harming his eyes.
He wore sunglasses.
He wore this.
He worked a long ten-hour night shift.
He worked against the opinion.
He worked all day and was completely worn out.
He worked all day yesterday.
He worked all day.
He worked all his life in the mine.
He worked all his life.
He worked all night so that he could get the job done in time.
He worked all night.
He worked all the harder because his master praised him.
He worked alone.
He worked alongside detectives.
He worked and worked until he fell ill.
He worked as a Berber teacher in Algeria.
He worked as a bartender in Kabylie, Algeria.
He worked as a congressman and a senator.
He worked as a diplomat for many years.
He worked as a doctor for forty years.
He worked as a negotiator.
He worked as a newsreader before he retired.
He worked as a pastry chef in Bejaia, Algeria.
He worked as a policeman in Skikda for four years.
He worked as a sherpa during the trekking season in Nepal.
He worked as a stable boy.
He worked as a truck driver in Norway.
He worked as a young person in the aerospace industry; subsequently he joined the spacetime corps.
He worked as an aircraft mechanic in Algeria.
He worked as an interrogator at Guantanamo.
He worked as hard as any man in the village.
He worked as hard as anybody else.
He worked at CIA.
He worked at a huge firm.
He worked at a regional newspaper in Algeria.
He worked at a restaurant.
He worked at a workhouse.
He worked at different restaurants.
He worked at night and slept in the daytime.
He worked at that gym.
He worked at the NSA.
He worked at the clinic at night.
He worked at the cost of his own time.
He worked at the fanciest hotel in town.
He worked at the hospital.
He worked at the research center.
He worked badly.
He worked both the lunch and dinner shift.
He worked closely with her.
He worked day and night and overworked himself.
He worked day and night in the interest of his firm.
He worked day and night so that he might become rich.
He worked day and night so that his family could live in comfort.
He worked day and night to become rich.
He worked day and night; otherwise he wouldn't have finished his task.
He worked day and night; otherwise, he wouldn't fulfill his mission.
He worked even harder.
He worked exceptionally hard, though the results were disappointing.
He worked extremely hard to help new Muslims.
He worked extremely hard to support Muslim converts.
He worked far into the night.
He worked for a construction company there.
He worked for a rich man.
He worked for five hours on end.
He worked for her.
He worked for his own gain.
He worked for one and a half years in the Netherlands.
He worked for rich people.
He worked for several hours.
He worked for the UN in Algeria as a computer engineer.
He worked for the common good.
He worked for the council.
He worked for the mafia.
He worked for two years on this book.
He worked for weeks in behalf of the community chest.
He worked for weeks on behalf of the community chest.
He worked from morning till evening.
He worked from morning till night.
He worked from nine to five.
He worked hard at the risk of his health.
He worked hard but remained humble.
He worked hard for fear that he should fail.
He worked hard for peace for these ten years.
He worked hard for the purpose of buying a foreign car.
He worked hard in order that his family might live in comfort.
He worked hard in order to get the prize.
He worked hard in order to pass the examination.
He worked hard in order to succeed.
He worked hard in order to support his family.
He worked hard in school.
He worked hard lest he should fail.
He worked hard none the worse for the accident.
He worked hard only to fail again.
He worked hard only to fail.
He worked hard so as to save more money.
He worked hard to achieve his goals.
He worked hard to achieve the goal.
He worked hard to catch up with the rest of the class.
He worked hard to earn a lot of money.
He worked hard to get to where he is now.
He worked hard to make his child happy.
He worked hard to make his ideas understandable at the meeting.
He worked hard to make money only to fail.
He worked hard to make up for his lack of experience.
He worked hard to no purpose.
He worked hard to obtain his objective.
He worked hard to pass the exam.
He worked hard to pass the exams.
He worked hard to promote peace.
He worked hard to provide for his family.
He worked hard to save up some money.
He worked hard to support a large family.
He worked hard until he fell ill.
He worked hard writing his speech.
He worked hard yesterday.
He worked hard, finishing the report in one week.
He worked hard, so that he succeeded.
He worked hard, until he fell ill.
He worked hard, year in, year out.
He worked hard.
He worked hard. Otherwise he would have failed.
He worked hard; as a result he made a great success.
He worked hard; otherwise he would have failed in the examination.
He worked harder than ever.
He worked here.
He worked his way through college.
He worked his way up.
He worked illegally.
He worked in Algeria for a while.
He worked in Algeria for four months.
He worked in Belgium.
He worked in Kabylie, Algeria, for five years.
He worked in a Ford factory.
He worked in a big city hospital.
He worked in a dairy.
He worked in his favorite maxim.
He worked in real estate.
He worked in the most desperate parts of Algeria.
He worked in the most remote parts of Algeria.
He worked last night without taking a break.
He worked like a madman.
He worked long into the night.
He worked low-skilled jobs.
He worked mainly as a freelancer.
He worked methodically and dispassionately.
He worked more than five hours on end.
He worked most of his life.
He worked on it all weekend.
He worked on it for months.
He worked on that for some time.
He worked on the job alone.
He worked on the police force.
He worked on this book for two years.
He worked out a new formula.
He worked out a plan.
He worked part-time to put himself through school.
He worked shifts.
He worked so hard that eventually he made himself ill.
He worked so hard that he eventually fell ill.
He worked so hard that he ruined his health.
He worked so hard that he succeeded.
He worked so hard that, in the end, he fell ill.
He worked ten hours at a stretch.
He worked the rest of the week.
He worked the whole night.
He worked there.
He worked through the night.
He worked tirelessly to make ends meet.
He worked tirelessly to pass his entrance exam.
He worked too hard and destroyed his health.
He worked too hard, and became sick.
He worked too much and became ill.
He worked too much and got ill.
He worked two years on this book.
He worked under divine guidance.
He worked until he dropped.
He worked until late at night.
He worked up a good reputation through this business.
He worked very diligently to learn Berber.
He worked very hard for the sake of his family.
He worked very hard so he could buy a foreign car.
He worked very hard to earn a lot of money.
He worked very hard to finish his work.
He worked very hard to make his dream come true.
He worked very hard to raise his family in the new place.
He worked very hard, but could make little progress.
He worked very hard.
He worked with her.
He worked with him.
He worked with me.
He worked, but not that often.
He worked.
He working all right.
He works Sundays.
He works a few days a week, and gets a little money.
He works a lot from morning till night.
He works a lot.
He works abroad.
He works all night and he sleeps all day.
He works all night.
He works all the harder because his baby was born.
He works alone.
He works and studies.
He works as a busboy.
He works as a craftsman.
He works as a doctor and a writer at the same time.
He works as a doorman.
He works as a financial controller for a private security company.
He works as a freelance gardener in Algeria.
He works as a freelance graphic designer.
He works as a freelance illustrator.
He works as a ghost writer.
He works as a gondolier in Venice.
He works as a gym teacher.
He works as a handyman.
He works as a locomotive conductor.
He works as a newscaster in television.
He works as a nurse at the hospital.
He works as a nurse at the local hospital.
He works as a professor, but is actually a spy.
He works as a security guard in a shopping centre.
He works as a sound engineer at NDR.
He works as a speech therapist.
He works as a teacher, but actually he is a spy.
He works as a teacher, but actually he's a vampire.
He works as a translator.
He works as an animal trainer.
He works as an announcer on television.
He works as an archeologist.
He works as an artisan.
He works as an auctioneer.
He works as an interpreter.
He works as hard as any boy in the class.
He works as hard as any other student.
He works as hard as any student.
He works as hard as ever, but he remains poor.
He works at NASA.
He works at Tatoeba.
He works at a bank.
He works at a computer store.
He works at a diner.
He works at a furniture store in Kabylie, Algeria.
He works at a hospital.
He works at a hotel in Tyrol as a dishwasher.
He works at a little clinic downtown.
He works at a major hospital.
He works at a pawn shop.
He works at a press agency.
He works at a restaurant in Japan.
He works at a scientific institute where linguists, literature scholars, historians, sociologists, economists, and other scholars investigate everything that has to do with gnomes.
He works at a state-owned enterprise.
He works at a storage facility.
He works at a tattoo parlor.
He works at a tattoo parlour.
He works at night, during the day he sleeps.
He works at night.
He works at the European Central Bank.
He works at the bank next door.
He works at the bank.
He works at the clinic on Saturdays.
He works at the company seven days a week.
He works at the mall.
He works at the mosque.
He works at the power station.
He works at the restaurant.
He works at the steel mill.
He works at the supermarket as a parking attendant.
He works at the welfare office.
He works at this company from Monday to Sunday.
He works best at this job.
He works beyond office hours twice a week.
He works by DPD.
He works day and night to provide for his family.
He works day and night.
He works double shifts at the diner.
He works eight hours a day.
He works eight hours every day.
He works even late at night.
He works every day but Sunday.
He works every day except Sunday.
He works every day save Sundays.
He works every day.
He works every evening until late.
He works fast and is very articulate but his insincerity is his biggest defect.
He works fast.
He works few days a week, and gets little money.
He works for DPD.
He works for Sonatrach.
He works for a bank.
He works for a big Algerian university.
He works for a big newspaper with a lot of copies.
He works for a big newspaper with a very large circulation.
He works for a consulting firm.
He works for a large American corporation.
He works for a large corporation.
He works for a local magazine.
He works for a mere pittance.
He works for a multinational company.
He works for a newspaper printing press.
He works for a newspaper with a large circulation.
He works for a plumbing company.
He works for a public utility.
He works for a rich man.
He works for a software company.
He works for a telecommunications company.
He works for a trading company there.
He works for a woman.
He works for an Algerian agricultural cooperative.
He works for an American company.
He works for an advertising agency.
He works for free.
He works for her.
He works for his living.
He works for his uncle now.
He works for hours.
He works for me.
He works for the Islamic center.
He works for the Secret Service.
He works for the company.
He works for the good of the country.
He works for the mafia.
He works for the sake of money.
He works for them.
He works for us.
He works frantically to achieve his goal.
He works from 8 to 5.
He works from 9 a.m. to 5.30 p.m.
He works from 9 to 5:30.
He works from Monday to Friday.
He works from early in the morning until late at night every day.
He works from eight to five.
He works from home.
He works from morning till evening.
He works from morning until night.
He works from nine to five-thirty.
He works from nine to five.
He works from the morning early to the evening late.
He works hard all the year round.
He works hard and he is honest.
He works hard and never complains.
He works hard because he is anxious to succeed.
He works hard in order to keep his family in comfort.
He works hard so as to succeed.
He works hard so that he can study abroad.
He works hard that he may pass the examination.
He works hard to achieve his goal.
He works hard to earn his living.
He works hard to support his aged mother.
He works hard to support his large family.
He works hard, and so does she.
He works hard.
He works hard. So he does.
He works harder than I did at his age.
He works harder than he used to.
He works hardest in his class.
He works here.
He works in Beijing.
He works in Italy.
He works in Pennsylvania.
He works in Tizi-Ouzou, Algeria.
He works in a bank.
He works in a big city hospital.
He works in a call center.
He works in a call centre.
He works in a cannery.
He works in a cold dark office.
He works in a factory.
He works in a foundry.
He works in a garden centre.
He works in a jar.
He works in a pharmacy.
He works in a radio station.
He works in a restaurant in Kabylie, Algeria.
He works in a saw mill.
He works in a secondary school.
He works in a store.
He works in a trade.
He works in a very confined space.
He works in a very cramped space.
He works in agriculture.
He works in an adoption agency.
He works in archeology.
He works in his own way.
He works in human resources.
He works in order to forget.
He works in that lab.
He works in the Algerian province of Bejaia.
He works in the automobile industry.
He works in the car industry.
He works in the city centre now.
He works in the fields.
He works in the film industry as a screenwriter.
He works in the film industry.
He works in the lab.
He works in the laboratory.
He works in the morning.
He works in the planning section.
He works in the quarry, breaking up rocks.
He works in the town centre now.
He works in the travel business.
He works in the tunnels.
He works in the university.
He works in this office.
He works late.
He works like a locomotive conductor.
He works like a maniac.
He works long hours.
He works more diligently now.
He works nearby.
He works nights and sleeps during the day.
He works nights.
He works non-stop.
He works on Sundays.
He works on Wall Street.
He works on an aircraft carrier as a cook.
He works on an assembly line.
He works on his own.
He works on his property.
He works on some really crazy projects.
He works on the farm from morning till night.
He works on the farm from sunrise to sunset.
He works on the railroad as a driver.
He works out at the gym.
He works out every day and yet it still doesn't show.
He works out every day except weekends.
He works out in a gym near his house.
He works out of his home.
He works out of town.
He works outside.
He works overtime.
He works quickly and well.
He works really hard, and his co-workers respect him for it.
He works shifts here at the diner.
He works slowly, because he takes things seriously.
He works slowly.
He works the evening shift.
He works the night shift.
He works there.
He works throughout the entire day.
He works to get paid, not because he enjoys it.
He works too much.
He works too slowly to be helpful to us.
He works two jobs.
He works two or three hours a day.
He works under me.
He works until midnight.
He works us too hard.
He works very hard.
He works virtually like a slave.
He works well, just as usual.
He works well.
He works with Algerians.
He works with Christians.
He works with Jews.
He works with Muslim scholars.
He works with Muslim students.
He works with Muslim women.
He works with Muslims.
He works with a chainsaw.
He works with her.
He works with his hands.
He works with me at the office.
He works with so many celebrities.
He works.
He worried about her.
He worried about upsetting her emotions.
He worries about her.
He worries about him.
He worries about his mother's health.
He worries about his weight.
He worries about the company.
He worries about the result.
He worries excessively on the eve of exams.
He worries too much about her.
He worries too much.
He worshiped God.
He worshiped that girl.
He worships God.
He worships Satan.
He worships guacamole. His son hummus.
He worships her feet.
He worships her.
He worships him.
He worships it.
He worships money to exclusion of everything else.
He worships stegosauruses.
He worships the ground Skura walks on.
He worships the ground she walks on.
He would accept no compromise.
He would agree.
He would also like to come.
He would always break his promise.
He would always confide in others.
He would always imply that what others are saying isn't valid.
He would always project his own suppositions as undeniable facts.
He would always speak about Islam.
He would always take drink when he was ashore, and a little drink would send him stark, staring mad.
He would answer any question.
He would argue about anything.
He would be a very sad man, seeing his dream come to naught.
He would be able to do it!
He would be able to make it!
He would be able to succeed.
He would be as muscular as his brother if he had worked out like him.
He would be glad to hear that.
He would be glad to help.
He would be happy to help you.
He would be happy to help.
He would be home at 7:30.
He would be mad.
He would be paid a small amount of money.
He would be surprised if he saw you.
He would be the last man to betray you.
He would be the last man to break his word.
He would be the last man to steal money.
He would be the last one to believe that.
He would be the last person to betray others.
He would be the last person to leave you in time of need.
He would be the last person to talk poorly of others.
He would be the last to deceive you.
He would be tied to a tree, and a monkey, placed behind him, would hit him on the head with a rock.
He would be very glad to hear the news.
He would buy her food.
He would call to his horse as he climbed into his seat.
He would care.
He would choose soccer over sex.
He would come out.
He would describe the house as small.
He would die of laughter.
He would die within a month.
He would do anything for gain.
He would do anything for her.
He would do anything for you.
He would do anything to avoid conflict.
He would do anything to help.
He would do his best.
He would do the same thing.
He would do whatever he wanted.
He would do whatever it takes to make money.
He would drink a white or red wine.
He would drink and disappear for days.
He would even spend all of Darius's treasure.
He would fall silent as soon as the conversation touched on the topic of women.
He would get pissed off, make a scene and never speak to you again for days.
He would give a javelin, so that he would receive a coat.
He would give almost anything for that.
He would give an arm and a leg for that.
He would give anything to just see that old house one more time.
He would give you the shirt off his back.
He would go fishing in spite of our warning.
He would go fishing in the river when he was a child.
He would go for a walk each day.
He would go out walking after dinner.
He would go out.
He would go to out for a long walk in summer.
He would go to the mosque once a year.
He would have been able to enter a good university easily if he had tried, but he entered a vocational school instead.
He would have done it already.
He would have failed in his business but that you helped him.
He would have had to dance with Mary.
He would have his own way.
He would have his say on the subject.
He would have liked to come.
He would have made a hell of a lawyer.
He would have missed the train if he had stopped to buy a newspaper.
He would have no part of it.
He would have succeeded had he tried.
He would have succeeded.
He would have thought the same thing.
He would have to be a millionaire.
He would have to get used to getting up earlier.
He would have to surrender.
He would just laugh about it.
He would kill for that PS5.
He would kill to live in a home this nice.
He would know.
He would laugh.
He would learn how to keep financial records.
He would leave the job to his vice president.
He would leave.
He would let me help him.
He would let you stay at his place.
He would like to become a police officer in the future.
He would like to become a simultaneous interpreter.
He would like to become an art teacher.
He would like to book a trip to Australia.
He would like to book a trip to Niger.
He would like to come with us to the movie.
He would like to get to know you.
He would like to have another cup of coffee.
He would like to know whether you play chess.
He would like to know whether you play shah.
He would like to make reservations for a trip to Australia.
He would like to see you in his office.
He would like to take part in the competition.
He would like to take part in the contest.
He would love to do that full time.
He would love to ride in that car.
He would make everyone happy.
He would make me scream with pleasure as he touched me.
He would never agree.
He would never ask for money.
He would never believe that.
He would never cheat on me.
He would never complain.
He would never cooperate.
He would never dare to say this in Algeria.
He would never dare to tell me what's really on his mind straight to my face.
He would never do some shit like that.
He would never do something like that.
He would never do such a thing.
He would never dye his hair.
He would never ever imagine that I could become a Muslim.
He would never go out of his way and help people.
He would never hurt his children.
He would never leave me alone.
He would never leave the kids alone.
He would never let his parents see his belly button piercing.
He would never lie to me.
He would never lie.
He would never make a mistake this egregious.
He would never make fun of people with learning disabilities.
He would never play soccer in the living room.
He would never say hi to her.
He would never say that.
He would never sell his car to you.
He would never speak words like these.
He would never tell you that about Islam.
He would never think that.
He would never vacuum at this hour.
He would never walk again.
He would not admit his fault.
He would not agree to our proposal.
He would not approve.
He would not dare to do such a thing.
He would not follow my advice.
He would not give away his money for charity's sake.
He would not give away his money for charity’s sake.
He would not give it up without a struggle.
He would not give the order.
He would not go out.
He would not go to school for all the world.
He would not go with me for anything.
He would not listen to my advice.
He would not raise my salary.
He would not say so if he didn't know about that.
He would not say so if he didn’t know about that.
He would not speak to her again.
He would not submit to his fate.
He would not take back the remark.
He would not take the money.
He would not take this chance.
He would not tell anyone what was wrong.
He would not tell the truth after all.
He would often come here for a chat on Sundays.
He would often come late for school.
He would often come to see me.
He would often come to see us when I was a child.
He would often go fishing in the river.
He would often go fishing on Sunday.
He would often go fishing on a fine Sunday.
He would often go fishing.
He would often go to that tavern.
He would often go to the hill.
He would often go to the library.
He would often make mistakes purposely just so the teacher would notice him.
He would often play jokes on the teacher.
He would often read detective stories after supper.
He would often say such a thing.
He would often sit for hours doing nothing.
He would often sit for hours without doing anything.
He would often sit for hours without saying a word.
He would often sit here for hours doing nothing.
He would often sit up until late at night.
He would often swim in this river.
He would often talk about the people he had lived among while he was in Africa.
He would often tell me stories about his Algerian wife.
He would often tell me stories about his life in Algeria.
He would often tell me stories about his youth in Algeria.
He would often work for hours without stopping.
He would pay a million dollars for such a specimen.
He would prefer to live in a developing country because of the exchange rate.
He would probably die before he got his degree.
He would protect her with his life.
He would rather be considered wrong than take the trouble to prove himself right.
He would rather betray his organization than lose his life.
He would rather die than disgrace himself.
He would rather die than work for that man.
He would rather go by train than by plane.
He would rather live in Asia.
He would rather live in a non-Western land.
He would rather lose his life than betray his organization.
He would rather play video games than be with me sexually.
He would rather take a pay cut than fire an employee.
He would regret the decision a week later.
He would remind people again that it was decided not only by him but by many others.
He would ring and she would respond.
He would seek re-election.
He would sell her soul to the devil.
He would sell his soul to the devil.
He would sell your soul to the devil.
He would serve a number of years.
He would sit and look at the sea for hours.
He would sit for hours doing nothing.
He would sit for hours reading detective stories.
He would sit for hours without saying a word.
He would sit in the sun doing nothing.
He would sleep where he could.
He would smile his approval.
He would sometimes eat out.
He would sometimes study late at night when young.
He would sometimes talk with the soldiers.
He would sooner die than get up early every morning.
He would sooner die than work for that man.
He would sooner rather die than work for that man.
He would speak to us in Berber.
He would stay awake at night.
He would stay if he could.
He would still be alive had he refused to go to the battlefield then.
He would still be alive if he had been wearing his seat belt when the car crashed.
He would surely have warned me.
He would surely not be back.
He would surely trounce them all, on account of being a professional.
He would swear at the naughty boys in the neighborhood.
He would talk of nothing but art.
He would tell me the truth, if I would ask him.
He would turn over in his grave if he heard about it.
He would wait for hours for her call.
He would wait.
He would've been the third passenger.
He would've called her if he'd had her phone number.
He would've done that by himself if he could've.
He would've gone if he could've.
He would've got lost without the map.
He would've kept his mouth shut.
He would've stayed if he could've.
He would've told us if he'd known.
He would've told us.
He wouldn't abandon her.
He wouldn't admit his mistake.
He wouldn't agree.
He wouldn't allow me in his office.
He wouldn't allow me to drive his car.
He wouldn't allow me to help her.
He wouldn't allow me to help him.
He wouldn't allow us to help her.
He wouldn't allow us to help him.
He wouldn't ask for help even if he was starving.
He wouldn't be available until four.
He wouldn't be caught dead playing pachinko.
He wouldn't be happy living with her.
He wouldn't be interested in her.
He wouldn't be serving a life sentence in jail right now if he hadn't killed a man.
He wouldn't believe us.
He wouldn't blink if you killed me.
He wouldn't change his mind.
He wouldn't come out of his room.
He wouldn't cry.
He wouldn't dare lie to me.
He wouldn't dare show his face around here again.
He wouldn't do anything to help her.
He wouldn't do anything with the money.
He wouldn't do that by himself.
He wouldn't do that himself.
He wouldn't do that in his own country which is Algeria.
He wouldn't do that to her.
He wouldn't do that to me.
He wouldn't do that without her.
He wouldn't do that, would he?
He wouldn't drink anything.
He wouldn't eat that, would he?
He wouldn't eat.
He wouldn't even have the courage to dream of it.
He wouldn't even lift a finger.
He wouldn't even look at her.
He wouldn't even look at me.
He wouldn't even say hi to her.
He wouldn't even say hi to me.
He wouldn't even speak to her.
He wouldn't even speak to me.
He wouldn't even tell me his name.
He wouldn't find any buses in this area.
He wouldn't forget faces like that.
He wouldn't give his name.
He wouldn't give in.
He wouldn't give me a pay rise.
He wouldn't give me a raise.
He wouldn't give me any legal advice so I asked his dog.
He wouldn't give you anything.
He wouldn't go hiking by himself.
He wouldn't go out with her.
He wouldn't go to Boston with her.
He wouldn't harm a fly.
He wouldn't have anything to do with me after that.
He wouldn't have been able to get his homework done if she hadn't helped him.
He wouldn't have done anything with the money.
He wouldn't have done that to himself.
He wouldn't have hit her.
He wouldn't have managed without Philippe.
He wouldn't have missed this for the world.
He wouldn't have said that to her.
He wouldn't have thought twice.
He wouldn't help her.
He wouldn't hit anyone, would he?
He wouldn't hurt a fly.
He wouldn't hurt her.
He wouldn't just be disappointed, but like all of us, he'd be disgusted.
He wouldn't kiss her.
He wouldn't know a masterpiece if it hit him in the face.
He wouldn't know a suburb unless he took a wrong turn.
He wouldn't lend his bicycle to me.
He wouldn't let anybody help her.
He wouldn't let anybody help him.
He wouldn't let anybody interfere with his private affairs.
He wouldn't let anyone help her.
He wouldn't let anyone help him.
He wouldn't let anyone in his home.
He wouldn't let anyone in his room.
He wouldn't let anyone interfere in his personal affairs.
He wouldn't let anyone separate us.
He wouldn't let me boop him.
He wouldn't let me buy him a drink.
He wouldn't let me drive his car no matter what.
He wouldn't let me drive his car.
He wouldn't let me help her.
He wouldn't let me help him.
He wouldn't let me in his room.
He wouldn't let me into his room.
He wouldn't let me kiss him.
He wouldn't let me sleep unless I got him off.
He wouldn't let us help her.
He wouldn't let us help him.
He wouldn't lie.
He wouldn't likely go camping by himself.
He wouldn't listen to my advice.
He wouldn't look at my proposal.
He wouldn't lower himself to apologize.
He wouldn't mention the plan.
He wouldn't mind eating meat and potatoes every day of the week.
He wouldn't pay his bills.
He wouldn't permit me to swim in the river.
He wouldn't raise my salary.
He wouldn't run.
He wouldn't say how his dog died.
He wouldn't say something like that about her.
He wouldn't speak French to her.
He wouldn't stand a chance.
He wouldn't stop badgering me.
He wouldn't stop crying.
He wouldn't stop doing it.
He wouldn't stop making puns...
He wouldn't stop talking about how he was an "alpha male".
He wouldn't stop talking.
He wouldn't survive.
He wouldn't switch to that job.
He wouldn't take his eyes off her.
He wouldn't take his eyes off me.
He wouldn't tell anybody, would he?
He wouldn't tell anyone, would he?
He wouldn't tell me his plans.
He wouldn't tell me where he lived.
He wouldn't tell me where he went.
He wouldn't want you to do anything half-assed.
He wouldn’t allow me to drive his car.
He wouldn’t be available until four.
