While Afghanistan holds significant strategic and economic potential, its path to stability and prosperity remains fraught with challenges.
While American methods are often successful, the Japanese educational system that produces the most literate people in the world surely has some lessons to teach the U.S.
While Billy's contribution is applauded as a job well done, Dmitri's attempt to provide a few example sentences is unfairly labeled as website spamming.
While Brazil's forest losses have increased, policies to curb deforestation appear to be working in Indonesia, Colombia and West Africa.
While COVID vaccines are a light at the end of the tunnel, the tunnel is very long.
While COVID-19 spares few nations, Malaysia faces a combination of issues in particular.
While Caesar was alive the state was safe.
While D.C. is home to one of the largest numbers of green roofs in the country, not all of them are designed to grow food.
While Dr. Goodall initially believed chimpanzees to "be like humans but better" she also uncovered that they can be violent.
While Emel returned home, Omer ate corn.
While Ethan's Dad found the new camera pretty hard to turn on, Ethan knew how to easily toggle it on and off.
While Eugene is busy translating sentences from Russian to English, I'll quickly add some Belorussian translations and jump ahead of Uyghur.
While Eugene is busy translating sentences from Russian to English, I’ll quickly add some Belorussian translations and jump ahead of Uyghur.
While Francesca was running in the park yesterday, she fell and she broke her arm. Yesterday evening her friends phoned her.
While Google has been coy about the type of robots it’s looking to develop, one possibility would be something that could deliver goods to consumers’ doors, like Amazon’s drones. Instead of through the air, however, Google would make the deliveries via self-driving cars, something the company has already been working on.
While Grumpy couldn't sleep due to insomnia, Sleepy had narcolepsy.
While I accept what you say, I still think I'm right.
While I accept what you say, I still think I’m right.
While I am gone, please don't forget to feed my cat and water the plants.
While I am nibbling away, I listen to the news.
While I breathe, I hope.
While I don't want to trivialize your concerns, is all of this really necessary?
While I don’t agree that the imperial system is 'dumb,' it does still take time to learn it.
While I eat, I listen to the radio.
While I had knowledge from studying for the ancient scriptures exam, I wish I had read more about it. Even though I was discussing Japanese language with people, I never actually read the material properly.
While I had pneumonia, I just languished in my room, waiting to recover.
While I loved him, he loved her.
While I once loved you, I now despise you.
While I run, I stumble.
While I see what you say, I can't accept your offer.
While I see what you say, I can't agree with you.
While I see what you say, I can’t accept your offer.
While I see what you say, I can’t agree with you.
While I sing, I'm walking.
While I sing, I’m walking.
While I understand what you are saying, I cannot do accordingly.
While I understand what you say, I can't agree with you.
While I understand what you say, I can’t agree with you.
While I understand what you're saying, I don't agree with you.
While I understand, I don't think I can let you do that.
While I value your input, I firmly believe that as their father, I am responsible for the education of my children.
While I value your opinions, please understand that I am the one who knows my children's needs and aspirations the best.
While I was at it, I felt as if I was walking on thin ice.
While I was borrowing your brand new laptop, I am afraid I accidentally downloaded a virus onto it.
While I was cleaning out my desk, I came across this old picture.
While I was coming home I saw him, but he pretended that he hadn't seen me.
While I was coming home I saw him, but he pretended that he hadn’t seen me.
While I was cycling, the rain started.
While I was dreaming, a woman in a white robe appeared to me.
While I was drinking with my boyfriend, he got mad at me.
While I was eating dinner last night, my brother watched his favorite television show. Just as I finish eating, my brother asked me a question.
While I was eating dinner, a friend came to my house.
While I was eating, the phone rang.
While I was exploring D.C., I decided to walk through Pershing Park, and came upon this plaza by happenstance. On the ground there are quotes from American luminaries about D.C., along with a giant stone map of the Capital. You may not be able to step inside of the real White House, but you can step on top of it here!
While I was getting off the bus, I heard a loud noise.
While I was going to school, I was caught in a shower.
While I was having a bath, a good idea came to me.
While I was having a tidy-up, I came across a photo of you. Would you like to have it?
While I was having my bath, I had a brilliant idea.
While I was home sick, I read a book about philosophy.
While I was in London, I met some fellow Algerians.
While I was in Mullingar, I got my photo taken next to a statue.
While I was in Taiwan, I made friends with him.
While I was in Tokyo, I ate sushi every day.
While I was in the bathtub, the telephone rang.
While I was in the water, all my belongings were stolen.
While I was in the water, my friend took my costume off.
While I was intent on improving my language skill, I came upon an English grammar book.
While I was playing video games in the living room, Mom asked me if I would go shopping with her.
While I was reading in bed last night, I fell asleep with the light on.
While I was reading, I fell asleep.
While I was reading, the phone rang.
While I was screaming and stamping my feet, Tom didn't even bat an eye. I had to stop. I sat down on the sofa. I was sick of cursing.
While I was sleeping I saw in a dream some people.
While I was speaking, he said nothing.
While I was standing there hesitating, a group of soldiers entered the restaurant, maybe eight or nine young men.
While I was swimming, I got a cramp in my leg.
While I was taking a walk, someone tapped me on the shoulder.
While I was talking on the phone, she came to see me.
While I was talking on the telephone with John, the operator cut in.
While I was talking over the telephone she came to see me.
While I was talking to one of the clowns, Tom was talking to another one.
While I was talking to one of the clowns, Tom was talking to the other one.
While I was thinking over whether I should accept such strange apologies, Coutabay leafed through the book and read loudly and expressively: "While I was thinking over whether I should accept such strange apologies, Coutabay leafed through the book and read loudly and expressively: 'While I was thinking...' Holmes quickly snatched the volume from Coutabay's hands.
While I was waiting for the bus, I saw a traffic accident.
While I was waiting for the bus, I witnessed a traffic accident.
While I was waiting for the rain to stop, he kindly gave me a lift.
While I was waiting for the streetcar, I witnessed a traffic accident.
While I was waiting, I fell asleep.
While I was walking down the street as an ordinary pedestrian, I saw my predecessor in a limousine.
While I was walking down the street, I happened to see a traffic accident.
While I was walking, all of a sudden I heard a voice from the sky.
While I was watching TV, my mother read a book.
While I was watching TV, my mother was reading a book.
While I work, I reflect.
While I'm at the dance, my mother will take care of the baby.
While I'm eating, I'm talking on the phone, so I don't remember what I've eaten.
While I'm out, could you arrange a meeting with the client?
While I'm translating sentences on Tatoeba, my wife is weeding the garden.
While I'm unashamedly a conservative, I'm also unashamed to admit that science has proven these things.
While Islam remains not reformed, we neither can nor want to accept it in Europe.
While I’m at the dance, my mother will take care of the baby.
While Jason and I were stuck in the elevator, I offered to have sex with him.
While John had had "had," and James had had "had had," "had had" had a better effect on the teacher.
While John was reading his newspaper, his wife was watching TV.
While Judaism is only the religion of a specific ethnic group, the Jews, Christianity and Islam are both meant to apply to everyone.
While Liisa went to the shop, Mark was reading the newspaper.
While Lord was born to a wealthy family in New York City that was part of the Pillsbury flour empire, Gelb grew up in the suburbs to an immigrant family.
While Lucy indulged in these dreams, she made frequent visits to old blind Alice, hoping it would be easy to lead her to talk on the subject which at present she had so imprudently admitted to occupy so large a portion of her thoughts.
While Mary gawked out the window, someone crept up stealthily behind her.
While Mary was in college, she worked for a lawyer.
While Mary was in the bath, Tom secretly read her diary.
While Mary was in the bathroom, Tom took the chance to nose around in her computer.
While Montenegrins go to the polls May 21 to vote on their political future, their short-term future on the football pitch is more clearly-defined.
While Parker Solar Probe will be traveling through a space with temperatures of several million degrees, the surface of the heat shield that faces the Sun will only get heated to about 1,400 degrees Celsius.
While Pseudo and Co. wage their war on the new site, I've been happily posting here, and reaping a few green orbs for it. During the times that I didn't get green orbs, for example on short comments that I never wanted to get rated anyway, I chose to stay quiet about it, but not because I want to show that I'm emotionally strong, or the bigger man, or anything. Of course I get upset about it. I like green! Their cyan-and-lower ratings not only bring down my average, but also look ugly on my green-themed posts. Basically, it rustles my jimmies more than a little bit. Before, as some of you know, I might have started to complain because I didn't want my comments to get downrated for something trivial. Yet now I choose not to reply because I know that what I have to say will likely be met with hostility, based on my experience with Fig Hunters.
While Putin exists, Russia exists also; if there's no Putin, there's no Russia.
While Sopranos fans may want to whack David Chase, the creator of the acclaimed gangster serial says he never intended to provoke them with its open-ended finale.
While Starliner is designed to fly autonomously, astronauts are trained to step in for almost any emergency situation.
While Stefan was in the shower, someone knocked on the door.
While Tatoeba does feature written sentences, there is also the option to interact with them via audio or speech.
While Tobias was going out, he found a young man standing there, prepared for the journey ahead.
While Tom and Mary dozed in front of their television, I burglarized their house in order to steal it.
While Tom cut vegetables he cut off a part of his finger.
While Tom is here, you might want to have him fix your leaky faucet.
While Tom is in Australia, he's going to visit some relatives.
While Tom is in Boston, he's going to visit his cousins.
While Tom isn’t the sharpest knife in the drawer, Mary is the most intelligent girl you’ve ever seen; you wouldn’t think they’re brother and sister!
While Tom looked out the window a shooting star crossed the sky.
While Tom put more logs on the fire, Mary fell asleep.
While Tom puttered about with his ruffles and dalliance, a musket ball was flying towards his forehead.
While Tom waited outside, the vet performed a four hour surgery on Mary's cat.
While Tom waited, he read a comic book.
While Tom was away from his desk, Mary doodled a caricature of him on the front of his exercise book.
While Tom was away from his desk, Mary drew a caricature of him on the cover of his notebook.
While Tom was having a good time, Mary stayed at home.
While Tom was in the bath, Mary secretly read his diary.
While Tom was looking through the window, a shooting star fell from the sky.
While Tom was out having a good time, Mary stayed at home cleaning the house.
While Tom was picking blackberries, the thorny canes scratched his arms and legs several times. "Next time I do this," he told Mary, "I'll be sure to wear long sleeves so that I don't get so many little scratches."
While Tom was shopping, Mary dozed in the car.
While Tom was still sleeping, Mary was already awake.
While Tom was still talking, Mary entered through the door.
While Tom was swimming, Mary was building a sand castle.
While Tom wasn't watching, Mary grabbed his soda can and shook it as hard as she could.
While U.S. and Canadian environmental health agencies have both announced they will reevaluate the registration of the pesticides in question, those processes are slated to take years.
While Yuri was in the bathroom, someone came in and stole all the cash.
While Ziri was trying to start the truck, Rima seized the opportunity to steal the gun and escape.
While a brain operation is being performed, both doctors and nurses must handle the patient with kid gloves and yet with all speed practical.
While a denial of service attack requires one single device, a distributed denial of service attack involves many devices working together.
While a lot of details remain to be negotiated, the basic idea behind the agreement is that companies should be required to pay at least some taxes on profits in the countries where their products and services are consumed, rather than allocating all of their profits to entities headquartered in tax haven countries.
While a quantitative approach may be useful in certain situations, I think this case necessitates a qualitative analysis.
While a stave can be the framework on which music is written, it can also be a thin length of wood.
While about 60 percent of all 2017 bachelor’s degree recipients in the U.S. were women, only about 20 percent of Computer and Information Science bachelor’s degree recipients went to women, according to the National Center for Women & Information Technology (NCWIT).
While aimlessly wandering around the city, he stumbled on a cobblestone he hadn't noticed and almost fell, but it turned out all right.
While alcohol detox is one of the safest, most effective ways to overcome alcohol dependence, this treatment can cause some to feel sick and debilitated on behalf of symptoms such as fever, vomiting, and insomnia.
While all horses are animals, not all animals are horses.
While all other seas in the world are defined at least in part by land boundaries, the Sargasso Sea is defined only by ocean currents. It lies within the Northern Atlantic Subtropical Gyre.
While any goyish woman can be a shiksa, the word is pretty much only applied to young, beautiful, available women.
While anyone who has a need to conduct legal research may study and take notes from the law library's holdings of published books and journals during normal hours of operation, members of the public who are not formally registered as law students do not have access to certain electronic resources.
While apples, corn, and cranberries top the list of fall produce in the US, this is also the time to harvest gum, candy, and toothpaste—or at least the oil that makes them minty fresh.
While at first he got famous from an independent film that he made, he then went from the director of a musical TV series to a full-fledged movie director. Such was his career.
While at the fabric store, a small boy discovered large rolls of uncut fabric, which he unrolled and hid under, cackling like twelve squirrels.
While at university, Tom lived with his uncle in Australia.
While attending Sunday mass, the grandmother wears a pink dress and a charming mantilla, and the grandfather, a grey suit with a white shirt.
While backing up, I bumped into another car and set off its alarm.
While billionaires fund both sides of the U.S. political divide, they pay Republicans to be more extreme and Democrats to be more moderate.
While boys in Papika, in Haryana state, walk to the nearest high school, about four kilometers away, daughters are not allowed to venture outside the tiny village.
While broth boils, friendship blooms.
While calling her mother, she suddenly remembered something.
While camping, Tom gave Mary dysentery by not thoroughly cleaning the pots and pans.
While celebrating girls' achievements is important, it's equally important to address the root causes of boys' underperformance.
While cleaning my room yesterday evening, I happened to find an old photograph of my mother.
While cleaning this old book, I have inhaled a lot of dust.
While cleaning, we saw some of his things.
While clearly outside of his element at, say, a Western-style karaoke bar, he could easily whip out a Brazilian folk song in seven-eight meter on his berimbau.
While coal has powered the industrialized world for centuries, an energy transition is underway around the world.
While college athletes are often offered extremely lucrative scholarships, the NCAA does not allow them to be paid.
While crossing the field, examine the dam, the canal and the wall.
While crossing the street on my way to school, I encountered an accident.
While crossing the street on my way to school, I met with an accident.
While demographer Klineberg sees Houston's demographic changes as inevitable, he wonders about how the city — and the country — will eventually handle them.
While diving, I discovered the dead body of a drowned person.
While doing the wash she found a condom in the back pocket of her son's pants.
While doing the wash she found a condom in the back pocket of her son’s pants.
While dreams cannot tell you what will happen to you in reality, they are able to convey your innermost thoughts.
While driving back home across the countryside, Fadil spotted something.
While driving, mind the potholes.
While eating a pizza he was annoying his sister.
While eating, we chew slowly.
While eating?
While employed at the bank, he taught economics at college.
While entering the prison the new guy suffered a heart attack.
While everyone stood there and watched, Tom revived himself.
While exact figures are not readily available, Kumar told VOA he has heard that foreign students account for one-third to 40% of the student population at some Canadian universities.
While excavating the foundations, the workers dug through coal instead of soil.
While feeding on citrus leaves, the bug infests them with bacteria that clog the tree’s capillary system, slowly choking it to death.
While feeding only on hope, you can die of hunger.
While former Liberian president, Charles Taylor, is being tried in The Hague for alleged war crimes in Sierra Leone, his imprint is still being felt in the neighboring country of Guinea as well.
While frying the egg, add a pinch of salt.
While getting off the bus, she heard her name called.
While getting off the train, he did a flip over his suitcase, but luckily he wasn't hurt.
While going up to head the ball, the two players hit their heads hard.
While having breakfast, we made a plan for the day.
While having no active cases is welcomed, it also means the trial will have to be revamped to test the vaccines’ effectiveness.
While he found math difficult, he found talking to girls even more so.
While he likes English, he is weak in mathematics.
While he notes that it takes four years to become a master plasterer, he says after six months apprentices could do some of the restoration work.
While he read his favorite book, the kid fell asleep.
While he was giving the speech, the sound of a gunshot could be heard.
While he was in London, he improved his English.
While he was ironing his shirt, the front doorbell rang.
While he was lost in thought, he heard his name called.
While he was only a fawn Nimble became very fond of water lilies.
While he was reading a newspaper, his dog was lying beside him.
While he was sick, he became very thin.
While he was sick, he lost a lot of weight.
While he was sleeping, a robber broke in.
While he was smoking a thick cigar, he talked about Greenland.
While he was speaking there came a vivid flash of lightning which lit each of them up for the other—and the light seemed to be the terror of a hopeless love.
While he was studying, he fell asleep.
While he was talking to reporters, VOA heard shots being fired on the street — one of which was so loud it caused the officer to flinch.
While he was talking, I guess I was absent-minded.
While he was talking, there was the sound of a shot being fired.
While he was thus amusing her in the noon-day heat, with their flocks around them reposing in the shade, Chloe imperceptibly fell asleep.
While he was unloading goods from the truck, a dog bit his leg.
While he was waiting for the train, he listened to music and sent text messages.
While he was walking down the street, he fell.
While he's at work, the porter listens to a radio station that broadcasts uninterrupted news.
While her husband, Dave, is able to continue growing his crops of corn, soybeans, hay and oats, she has been home with time on her hands.
While her mother was in a residential recovery program for opioid addiction, Daniela was temporarily living with her elderly grandparents.
While hiking in new boots, I developed a blister on the heel of my foot.
While hiking in the area, Oleg didn't see or hear another soul.
While humans can safely ingest small amounts of salt, the salt content in seawater is much higher than what can be processed by the human body.
While hunger seems important to succeed, it still seems ti contradict what's needed to be happy.
While hunting for food the Chuck-will’s-widow flies low, often but a few feet above the surface of the ground.
While hunting, Ziri always carries a Winchester.
While hurricanes and other violent weather occur frequently on our planet, thankfully, we don’t encounter them every day.
While hurricanes and other violent weather occur frequently on our planet, thankfully, we don’t encounter them every day. Our solar-system neighbors, however, are not so lucky.
While immigrants to the United States often remember and cherish the country of their origin, passing on an appreciation of their native heritage to their children is not always an easy matter.
While in Algeria, Adriano had a lot of time to read about Islam.
While in Algiers, Santiago often ran into people he knew.
While in Benares I visited a temple dedicated to Shiva, in which were several enormous bulls, the animal sacred to this god.
While in England I often consulted the guidebook.
While in England, I often referred to the guidebook for details of my journey.
While in Europe, Tom visited Paris.
While in Europe, she visited Rome.
While in Japan, she bought the camera.
While in London, he visited the British Museum.
While in London, she studied English.
While in Morocco, Karl was robbed and attacked.
While in Morocco, Matthew ran into a few problems here and there.
While in Paris, she enrolled in Le Cordon Bleu culinary school where she learned the traditional art of chocolate and pastry making.
While in Peru, Gabriel learnt various survival techniques.
While in Sweden, he had a Swedish girlfriend who taught him Swedish, then he married her.
While in jail, Dan procured all sorts of cutting objects for fellow inmates.
While in jail, Dan worked at the prison kitchen.
While in jail, Gabriel found solace in writing poems.
While in jail, Tom befriended John, an infamous car thief.
While in jail, Tom made the acquaintance of John, an infamous bank robber.
While in jail, Tom was called the "surgeon."
While in many cases this approach works just fine and the patient fully recuperates, doctors also run the risk that their selected medication is not only ineffective, but could expose the patient to possibly dangerous side effects and cause the infectious bacteria to become antibiotic resistant.
While in prison, Tom attempted an escape.
While in prison, Tom worked in the kitchen.
While in the US, Lorenzo ran into a few sketchy areas.
While in the dark cell, I reminisced about my favorite book.
While in the past this instruction involved Catholic priests teaching Catechism, church-selected instructors now may be either lay or religious, and their instruction is intended to include material relevant to non-Catholic faiths.
While in the queue at the ticket office, I understood that I should have relied on your camera to take more pictures!
While ingredients and conditions for storms forming over the Indian Ocean differ from the catalysts that can precipitate storms over the Atlantic, climate specialists are hoping to enhance the predictability and understanding of tropical storm formation in general.
While it goes without saying, it would go even better if it was said.
While it makes more screen estate available, a barely visible scrollbar makes it much harder to navigate pages.
While it rains, the grass smells.
While it should be a collective effort to stand against war crimes and human rights violations, it is disconcerting that some individuals resort to attacking and stigmatizing those who bravely denounce such actions.
While it should be the responsibility of restaurant owners to pay their staff instead of pushing it off on the customer, you can still choose not to eat out if you don't want to tip. That way, no one has to work for virtually nothing.
While it takes one woman nine months to make one baby, nine women can't make a baby in one month.
While it will take years for scientists to gauge the spill's effects on the ecosystem, rescue workers are taking more immediate action by rescuing animals affected by the spill.
While it's not normal sight, Esterhuizen can navigate the world around him.
While it's true that she's beautiful, she's also selfish.
While it’s thought the temperature of the Mars subglacial lake is probably below the freezing point of pure water, the researchers think that a number of factors allow it to remain liquid.
While jobs for middle class Americans continue to shrink, work positions are growing at the top and the bottom of the payscale.
While language barriers exist around the globe, almost everyone understands emojis.
While language barriers exist around the globe, almost everyone uses and understands the emoticons that express mood, food preference, occupation, nationality, sexual orientation, favorite TV watching, physical capability, hobbies, fashion choices, flora and fauna, sports, weapon of choice, weather and zodiac sign.
While laser communications can provide increased data transfer rates, atmospheric disturbances – such as clouds and turbulence – can interfere with laser signals as they travel through Earth’s atmosphere.
While laughing is allowed, it is most dishonest to laugh out loud or to extend one's laughter beyond the limits of a just moderation; the Holy Ghost teaches us that it is the character of a madman to raise one's voice while laughing.
While laughing is allowed, it is most dishonest to laugh out loud or to extend one’s laughter beyond the limits of a just moderation; the Holy Ghost teaches us that it is the character of a madman to raise one’s voice while laughing.
While life has regained some semblance of normalcy, many local residents say the withdrawal is nothing more than a public relations ploy aimed at countering international criticism of the reoccupation of land.
While life lasts everything on earth has its use. The wise seek ways to be helpful to the world, for the helpful ones are sure to live again.
While light waves travel most quickly through air, they go slower through water and even slower through glass.
While listening to songs in a what is supposed to be a foreign language such as Slovak, Macedonian, Slovenian, it warms your heart to hear words that you have known since childhood and that you can even understand whole phrases.
While listening to the radio, I fell asleep.
While listening to the radio, he wrote a letter.
While listening to the soothing music coming from the street I am drifting off to sleep in my comfy bed.
While living abroad, you tend to see a variety of strange customs.
While living near the beach, I often enjoyed swimming.
While living on his island, Brahe built a castle and an observatory.
While long-term credit banks are authorized by law to issue bonds to raise fund, they are not allowed to take deposits the way ordinary banks are.
While looking at the flowers I thought suddenly that humans too had a good side. It's humans who discovered the beauty of flowers and it's also humans who can appreciate them.
While looking at the flowers I thought suddenly that humans too had a good side. It’s humans who discovered the beauty of flowers and it’s also humans who can appreciate them.
While lying down?
While many New Yorkers grumble about the tourists clogging up the streets, they know many of their neighbors depend on them to earn a living.
While many anti-vaxxers question the safety and efficacy of vaccines, opposition to vaccination is often couched in libertarian terms: It’s my body, my choice.
While many are focused on online games and football, I am here watching this episode.
While many biofuels have been criticized for infringing on food crops, using water and land that could be used to grow consumable plants, Felgar said Boeing is working to ensure its biofuel is sustainable.
While many people consider dropshipping to be a profitable environment, I consider it to be unethical.
While many rock and soul singers incorporate jazz rhythms and sounds into their music, a pop superstar and one of the legends of jazz and popular music have brought the two worlds together on a new album of duets and solos.
While many snow leopards die at the hands of poachers and the illegal trade, more than half are killed in retaliation for attacks on local herders’ livestock.
While modern art stole the limelight, other sales at Sotheby's four-day auction, which ends on Tuesday, also exceeded expectations.
While most churches, synagogues and mosques have suspended in-person services, several religious leaders are under fire for violating bans on public gatherings.
While most ectopic pregnancies occur in the Fallopian tube, it is also possible for them to occur in the ovaries, abdomen, or cervix.
While most glaciers on the mountain have advanced and then retreated a mile or more, Carbon Glacier exposed only a half mile of deglaciated terrain between 1760 and 1966.
While most kids might demand a new costume to wear on the big night, almost half of American adults surveyed say they’ll recycle old costumes rather than spend money on a new one.
While most nations have some sort of government-sponsored energy efficiency programs, energy analysts say initiatives by individuals and companies can also help cut demand.
While most nurses reported for duty, they joined pickets outside the hospitals leaving only skeleton staff to care for patients.
While most of the tribes survived, not much is known so far about the welfare of one of the most secluded tribes, the Shompens, whose island took the brunt of the waves. A few members of the tribe have been sighted and even shot arrows at a military helicopter that hovered over their island on a post-tsunami reconnaissance trip.
While most of us are significantly better off financially than our parents and grandparents, happiness levels haven't changed to reflect that.
While most of us are significantly better off financially than our parents and grandparents, happiness levels haven’t changed to reflect that.
While most spell the name of this animal “raccoon”, you will sometimes see “racoon”
While my sisters are dancing in my father's palace, I will go to the sea witch of whom I have always been very much afraid; she will perhaps be able to advise and help me!
While my wife was shopping in town, I tidied up in the kitchen.
While napping, I had a strange dream.
While no one fears that Hebrew will stop being spoken, it is in danger of ceasing to be a language of culture.
While no saint himself, it seems his crime was offending a criminal with whom he had no relationship.
While no single factor is responsible for the population decline, the analysis finds intensive land use, climate change and the spread of alien species and disease, are among the major threats to pollinating insects.
While not experiencing high fevers, she said, her body gets uncomfortably warm.
While not particularly fruitful in other regards, the research did provide some insight into the environmental impact of the industry in question.
While observers point out Western politicians have been raising the issue less vocally in recent weeks, it seems to reflect a change in tone, not policy.
While on a mountain trip, I was chewing on some hard, stale bread when I happened upon a huge snake.
While on board, you can shop duty free.
While on the Moon Shepard played golf with a club he had carried onboard the lunar spacecraft of Apollo 14.
While on the camping trip, Tom got dysentery.
While one of them sped around major parts of the property on the mower, a second made a few sweeps at some tall weeds on the edge of my wife's garden, and the third got into the truck and smoked a cigarette.
While one of them sped around major parts of the property on the mower, a second made a few sweeps at some tall weeds on the edge of my wife’s garden, and the third got into the truck and smoked a cigarette.
While one reviewer savaged the novel as the "irritating noodlings of a teen-age sociologist", a more sympathetic reviewer thought it "funny and offhandedly brilliant".
While open markets, capitalism have raised standards of living around the globe, globalization combined with rapid progress and technology has also weakened the position of workers and their ability to secure a decent wage.
While other sinners were still sleeping, this cunning and shameless man was already sipping his morning coffee.
While our Galactic Society of Worlds was perfecting its telepathic vision, and at the same time improving its own social and material structure, the unexpected disasters which we had already observed from afar forced it to attend strictly to the task of preserving the lives of its constituent worlds.
While people are working, you, the cicada, are singing.
While people can avoid restaurants if they choose to, most will have to eventually go to the grocery store to buy food.
While people have paid much attention to the term in recent years, the problem is not new. False news reports have been around since modern journalism started.
While planning a wedding during a pandemic is not easy, she is excited about getting all her favorite people together to celebrate.
While playing on the swings, Sandra fell off and lost a tooth. Then she had her mother looking for it all over the park because she said that if they didn't find it, the tooth fairy wouldn't come.
While playing, Tom dropped the ball into a vat of water.
While pregnancies from sex between first cousins do carry a slightly elevated risk of birth defects, this risk is often exaggerated.
While preparing for a radio speech in the year 1984, the American president offhandedly joked about having signed legislation that would "outlaw" Russia. "We begin bombing in five minutes," he'd said.
While preparing his stand up notes, Tom found some indecipherable scribbles from the previous night.
While reading a book, I fell asleep.
While reading a book, he fell asleep.
While reading his favorite book, the kid fell asleep.
While reading the book, I felt asleep.
While reading, the kid fell asleep.
While recruiters promise steady work at a good wage, the reality can be much different.
While resting, he listens to music.
While robots have many benefits, they also raise concerns about job displacement and potential ethical issues.
While rural areas are affordable, they often lack amenities.
While scientists continue to study Brachiaria's genome, they hope to spread the use of Brachiaria grasses to tropical regions in Africa and Asia.
While setting up a chessboard you must be able to correctly arrange one king, one queen, two rooks, two bishops, two knights, and eight pawns.
While she distracted Tom, her boyfriend stole his wallet.
While she doesn't think it very likely that she'll find a vintage Moog synthesiser at one of the many car boot sales she goes to, she lives in hope nonetheless.
While she is far from beautiful, she is more lovable than words can express.
While she is rich, she says she is poor.
While she is writing, her dad will supervise.
While she sat on the cliff and combed her hair, she sang a wonderfully beautiful song.
While she was doing the marketing, I studied.
While she was out the thief got away with her jewels.
While she was out, the thief got away with her jewels.
While she was running after the naughty boy, one of her shoes came off.
While she was screaming, she brandished the knife.
While she was staying in Japan, she often visited Kyoto.
While similar devices can “see” blood-flow, Golan says his team’s invention combines features which allow doctors to focus in on single cells, helping to provide additional information such as the shape and size of each cell, as well as other crucial diagnostic statistics.
While sipping my wine, we started chatting.
While sitting?
While skating at the ice rink she fell on her rear.
While sleeping, he snored loudly.
While sleuthing around, he discovered some things he wished he hadn’t.
While small-minded, xenophobic or outrightly racist people falsely believe that only persons of Anglo-Saxon or German origin are to be considered Americans, the United States has long prided itself on being a so-called melting pot, embracing both its Indigenous population and immigrants who have settled there from elsewhere.
While some U.S. regions and some types of agricultural production will be relatively resilient to climate change over the next 25 years or so, others will increasingly suffer from stresses due to extreme heat, drought, disease, and heavy downpours.
While some ask why, others ask why not.
While some believe that science and religion are irreconcilable worldviews based in conflicting conceptions of truth, others see them as two distinct - and potentially complementary - approaches to understanding the universe.
While some countries are in position to reap a 'demographic dividend,' others must prepare to care for a much older population.
While some factories were compensating for the staffing cuts by speeding up the production process, he estimated that typical daily production numbers were still down 20% to 30%.
While some find it amusing or endearing, others are taken aback by Miroslav's incessant use of explicit language.
While some investments have been made, many experts and agriculture-related agencies say a great deal more is needed.
While some outsiders have called him a king, he is seen within the Borana clan as a leader who assures the continuance of the traditional Gadaa system.
While some people own mobile phones simply to make or receive calls, for others they are the ultimate fashion accessory. Targeting this group, Korea's LG Electronics has teamed up with Italian luxury goods designer Prada to produce designer mobile phones. The phones, featuring a touch interface that replaces the conventional keypad, will be launched in Europe next year, and will be available soon after in a number of Asian locations, including Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore.
While some people want to have a nice-sounding voice, others just want to speak.
While some plantation tours have intertwined the lives of the slavers and the enslaved, others are evolving as part of a growing awareness in the push for social justice that includes facing the enduring scars of slavery today.
While some private and church schools in America have uniforms, they are not common.
While some say it will last only minutes, others suspect it could go on for months.
While some say it will take only minutes, others suspect it could take months.
While some were more enthusiastic about the job than others, she says nearly all agreed waitressing is hard work.
While sound moves at a much faster speed in the water than in air, the distance that sound waves travel is primarily dependant upon ocean temperature and pressure.
While sowing, the peasants said: “O earth, may you satisfy the plow and the sack of seed."
While standing up, I say that the eating is over.
While standing?
While staying in Paris, I happened to meet him.
While staying in Tokyo, I came to know her.
While still an undergraduate, Adams performed an investigation to try to explain the reason for the irregularities in the motion of the planet Uranus. He theorized that the unexpected planetary orbit could be due to the presence of an as yet undiscovered planet.
While still inside its beeswax cell, the larva is fed by nurse worker bees.
While supplies last!
While surgical masks are not so unusual in Asian countries, they are conspicuous in Western ones where people might be reticent to use them.
While surveying the sky in microwave wavelengths, COBE has transmitted evidence which supports the Big Bang Theory of the creation of the universe.
While swimming in the pool, she lost her locker key.
While taking a walk, Tom enjoyed the autumn leaves in vibrant red and orange.
While testing the possibility of printing an entire car, researchers at the U.S. Department of Energy recently created an electric-powered replica of an iconic sports roadster.
While that's true in the general sense, it does not apply in this instance.
While the Coliseum stands, Rome shall stand; when the Coliseum falls, Rome shall fall; when Rome falls, the world shall fall.
While the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight, we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress.
While the Duke of Alba in the Netherlands ruled with the axe of the executioner, Cervantes, in Spain, wrote his Don Quixote, and Lope de Vega, who himself held a post connected with the Inquisition, produced his admirable comedies.
While the Earth appears to be round when viewed from the vantage point of space, it is actually closer to an ellipsoid.
While the English alphabet contains only 26 characters, some languages contain many more characters.
While the Japanese school teaches almost the same subjects that I study in America, five differences stood out for me.
While the Kabyle people were fighting French colonialism in the 1940s and 1950s, the Algerians said: "What is the Kabyle problem with France?" Then, after the independence of Algeria, the roles were reversed by the fake Algerian media. The Kabyles have become "Zouaves" and the Algerian Arabs heroes who liberated Algeria. But statistics and historical documents are there to testify to the historical truth.
While the Roaring Forties may be fierce, 10 degrees south are even stronger gale-force winds called the Furious Fifties. And 10 degrees south of the Furious Fifties lie the Screaming Sixties!
While the Wall is long gone, it still casts a shadow over German life.
While the anguish lingers for victims' families, some experts say the events of 20 years ago should motivate nations to work harder at preventing future conflicts.
While the app currently communicates in only English, the developers are working to make it more multi-lingual and allow it to interact with the farmers in their own language.
While the authorities still believe most dikes will hold, a cloudburst and severe thunder storm made matters worse late Friday.
While the average American cannot control the violence around them, they can protect their mental health by not inundating themselves with images of the tragedies, which can be psychologically unhealthy.
While the baby was napping, she drooled all over her pillow.
While the birds were away, Michael installed a few tiny cameras by their nest.
While the birth rate is intended to be decreased in developing countries, that of developed nations is selfishly planned to be increased, resulting in the difficulty of getting mutual consent.
While the boss is away, who's keeping an eye on the shop?
While the bureaucracy comes up with sweetly technical terms like "less advantaged," the slums brim with malcontent.
While the cameras were malfunctioning, someone had stolen her prized golden tissue box.
While the car driver obtains an approximate view of a blooming meadow the city cyclist notices the different colors and scents of the blossoms, the smell of freshly mown grass, the swoosh of leaves of a chestnut tree, the sunlight twinkling through trees shimmering green in springtime.
While the cat is away, the mouse dances.
While the cat's away, the mice will play.
While the civil war went on, the country was in a state of anarchy.
While the conscience of the scientist insists that he continually recheck the truth of this law, it remains a bulwark of science.
While the coronavirus epidemic has disrupted business for some of the biggest corporations in the world, it is hitting smaller businesses in China particularly hard.
While the country folk were engaged in the pursuit, Chloe led Daphnis gently by the hand to the Grotto of the Nymphs, where she washed away the blood from his face and nostrils.
While the date line generally runs north to south from pole to pole, it zigzags around political borders such as eastern Russia and Alaska’s Aleutian Islands.
While the daughters of the Viking invaders were brought up by their English mothers and learned to speak good English, the little boys ran along with their fathers picking up less than grammatical English from them, as a result of which, to this day, poor grammar is associated with masculinity in the Anglo-Saxon world.
While the demonstration was being made, the president was taking notes.
While the din of a typical suburban area fluctuates between 50 and 60 dBA, the crater of Haleakala National Park is intensely quiet, with levels hovering around 10 dBA.
While the dubbing of the series can be described as a complete success, the episode titles are often downright nonsensical, having been translated word for word from the English.
While the dubbing of the series should be considered a complete success, the titles given to the episodes are often downright nonsensical, having been translated from the English word for word.
While the easiest way in metaphysics is to condemn all metaphysics as nonsense, the easiest way in morals is to elevate the common practice of the community into a moral absolute.
While the evacuated population in the Czech capital Prague is slowly returning and assessing the multi-billion-dollar damage caused by the floods, neighboring Slovakia and Hungary are on high alert for new floods there.
While the famous gold rush in the middle of the 1800s, in the western U.S. state of California, was over long ago, modern-day prospectors on a quest for gold are drawn to the waters in the eastern state of Virginia.
While the four are cooped up with nothing to do but wait.
While the genome of a eukaryotic cell is nuclear, the ribosomes are cytosolic.
While the guests in Tom's Tavern obviously enjoy the food, they have no idea what the kitchen looks like.
While the hairdresser was working on Jessica's hair, she got bored and looked out the window.
While the individual flowers are destitute of a perigone, the whole inflorescence (cluster of flowers) is surrounded by a large leaf (spathe), which sometimes is brilliantly colored, this serving to attract insects.
While the king is on his couch, my spikenard exudes its perfume.
While the lion roars, the donkey walks towards him! It's the world upside down!
While the local residents grumble about the tourists clogging up the streets, they know many of their neighbors depend on them to earn a living.
While the noisy, polluting snowmobile has earned the wrath of many environmentalists, efforts are being made to transform the snowmobile into a more eco-friendly vehicle.
While the nymph gazed, the infant opened its eyes, smiled upon her, and stretched out two dimpled arms.
While the other sisters decked out their gardens with all kinds of extraordinary objects which they got from wrecks, she would have nothing besides the rosy flowers like the sun up above, except a statue of a beautiful boy.
While the ox is sick, they cauterize the donkey.
While the pot boils, friendship lasts.
While the rest of us toil, the robber barons eat from gilt tableware.
While the revellers stood aghast at the fury of the man, one more wicked or, it may be, more drunken than the rest, cried out that they should put the hounds upon her.
While the sidewalks were empty, the streets were packed with cars.
While the size of its genome is about the same as a human’s, the salmon’s genetic code is more complicated. Instead of two copies of each gene, the salmon has four.
While the teacher was teaching, the students slept.
While the temperature above the snow can be -40° F, the temperature beneath the snow can be much warmer, even close to the freezing point at 32° F, because the layer of snow acts like an insulating blanket.
While the theologians speak, God has nothing to say.
While the top one percent has amassed a bigger share of wealth and income, too many families, in inner cities and in rural counties, have been left behind.
While the well-being of each individual is important, the well-being of the whole is more important.
While the world should be united in condemning war crimes and human rights violations, including those committed by so-called "civilized nations," it is disconcerting that some individuals engage in a misguided effort to discredit and disparage the individuals who actively denounce these abhorrent actions.
While the world was fixated on the dramatic rescue from a cave in Thailand of 12 boys and their soccer coach, potentially deadly monsoon rains were gathering steam in the region.
While their flowers are lovely to see and smell, lilies pose a significant safety threat for your cat.
While there are many different types of algae found floating in the ocean all around world, the Sargasso Sea is unique in that it harbors species of sargassum that are holopelagic. This means that the algae not only freely floats around the ocean, but it reproduces vegetatively on the high seas. Other seaweeds reproduce and begin life on the floor of the ocean.
While there are multitudes of surveys on the internet, not all adhere to the same rigorous standards as the polling agencies that have been taking the public temperature for years.
While there are other certification systems farmers can access in Ghana, these are expensive processes and aimed at export markets, Benedict added.
While there are some people who use the Internet to learn foreign languages, there are others, living on less than a dollar a day, who cannot even read their own language.
While there are still embers, the flame continues.
While there has been extensive research into tornadoes and their formation in the last 2 decades, we are still just scratching the surface of understanding one of nature’s most devastating phenomenons.
While there is a plurality of Tatoeba sentences in English, it is encouraging that Esperanto, Italian, German, Turkish, Russian, French and Spanish already have respectable numbers of sentences as well.
While there is black in my eye, I will not allow you to take such liberties!
While there is concern about children's development, there is uncertainty about giving them a lot of lee-way.
While there is inherent uncertainty in climate science, there is high confidence in our understanding of the greenhouse effect and the knowledge that human activities are changing the climate in unprecedented ways. There is enough information to make decisions based on that understanding.
While there is life, there is hope.
While there is only one global ocean, the vast body of water that covers 71 percent of the Earth is geographically divided into distinct named regions. The boundaries between these regions have evolved over time for a variety of historical, cultural, geographical, and scientific reasons.
While there's life, there's hope.
While these biofuels have been touted as a cleaner alternative to fossil fuels, more environmental groups want the investment curbed—warning that biofuels are causing more harm than good.
While these drugs cannot actually cure an AIDS patient, they can halt the deterioration of his or her condition.
While these may seem like mental frolics, they're similar to the speculations that led mathematicians, thousands of years ago, to suggest the world is round, instead of flat.
While they are away, let's take care of their cat.
While they are away, let’s take care of their cat.
While they don't agree, they continue to be friends.
While they don’t agree, they continue to be friends.
While they were all amusing themselves, a great sledge came by; it was painted white, and in it sat some one wrapped in a rough white fur, and wearing a white cap.
While they were away on holiday, their neighbours looked after the dog.
While they were away on vacation, their neighbors looked after the dog.
While they were on vacation, their neighbors cared for their dog.
While they were out walking, it began to rain.
While they were out walking, it started to rain.
While they were thus disporting and enjoying themselves, an old man, clothed in a coarse garment of goatskin, with shabby shoes on his feet, and with a bag of provisions at his back, came up to them and seated himself near them.
While this accord represents a breakthrough after months of negotiations, that says nothing about its adequacy.
While this group has a great deal of spending power, it is not working, and therefore, not producing anything.
While this is a breaking change, no actual effect should be visible.
While this is a charming story, I'm rather sceptical of it, because even among mathematicians, you don't start conversations by telling the other person your taxi cab number.
While this is grammatically correct, you wouldn't express it so in the real life, right?
While this year's famous Tokyo Motor Show will feature cars of all sizes — many, whatever their paint color, will have a tint of green figuratively.
While those in charge of these schools have presented to their pupils excellent opportunities for the acquirement of dexterity in the preparation of toothsome and tempting viands, but little attention has been paid to the science of dietetics, or what might be termed the hygiene of cookery.
While those sorts of attacks are not new, many of the individuals being targeted are inexperienced.
While travelers cannot globe-trot as they did three months ago, studies show that many still dream of escaping their homes — albeit for nearer destinations.
While traveling in Europe, I was pickpocketed on a train.
While traveling, I never use cash, only traveler's checks.
While travelling on the train, I stuck my head out the window, and my cap flew off.
While trick-or-treaters make their way across Washington on Sunday in search of Halloween candy, the White House is departing from its annual tradition and is closing its doors to little ghosts and goblins looking for treats.
While under British rule, the island staunchly supported the UK through both world wars.
While unemployment climbs to the highest rate in the United States since the Great Depression of the 1930s, experts predict that real estate prices may decline and not recover for years.
While up the crag AEneas climbs, to gain / full prospect far and wide, and scan the distant main. / If aught of Phrygian biremes he discern / Antheus or Capys, tost upon the seas, / or arms of brave Caicus high astern.
While using our internet banking services, please do not press the Back button on your browser. Doing so will log you out.
While using the website, Rodrigo experienced discrimination.
While visiting Switzerland, he became ill with pneumonia.
While waiting for bus, I was caught in a shower.
While waiting for the bus, I was caught in a shower.
While waiting in line, I read a newspaper.
While waiting, they grew anxious.
While walking down a street, he ran into an old friend of his.
While walking down the street, I saw two white cats pissing near a car tire.
While walking home from school this morning, I ran into Tom.
While walking in the forest, I saw a wolf.
While walking through the forest I saw some roe deer.
While walking, I used to feel somewhat in a hurry.
While walking, we should know to look to the left and to the right.
While we are asleep we can feel neither hunger nor thirst. Ah, yes; sleep is a capital invention.
While we ate, we talked about what we did that day.
While we do have a limit in place, it might not be strict enough.
While we hate force, we recognize the need for law and order.
While we live, let us live.
While we often think of the earth as a sphere, our planet is actually very bumpy and irregular.
While we were adjusting the lens a kookaburra somewhere out of sight burst into his peals of derisive laughter; the shrill chorus of unseen frogs, an ever-present accompaniment to the stillness of the Australian country, was the only other sound.
While we were busy, 2 hours passed again.
While we were discussing the problem, I hit upon a good idea.
While we were discussing the situation, Terri broke in to give her opinion.
While we were distracted, Peter just legged it. We noticed when we heard his car driving away outside.
While we were doing that, another two hours passed.
While we were having tea, there was an earthquake.
While we were on holiday, a neighbor took care of our cat.
While we were on our way home, we thought about visiting Tom.
While we were out for a picnic, our house's lock was picked by a thief.
While we were out for a picnic, our house’s lock was picked by a thief.
While we were speaking, Angela interrupted us and asked for our help.
While we were speaking, he kept silent.
While we were there, we travelled about a lot.
While we wun at supper, a mon cumm'd wi' a autar to fatch her away.
While we're sleeping the immune system opens its repair workshop.
While we're thinking about how to kill time, time kills us.
While we're waiting, why don't you tell me what happened?
While welcoming the firming up of the present government policy to abandon the proposal of the reform bill to the Diet, at the same time some are worried that Prime Minister Koizumi won't clearly state the bill's withdrawal.
While welcoming the firming up of the present government policy to abandon the proposal of the reform bill to the Diet, at the same time some are worried that Prime Minister Koizumi won’t clearly state the bill’s withdrawal.
While wildfires continue to scorch the land on the western side of the United States, smoke has spread far beyond the edges of the blazes.
While working at the hospital, Tom found himself picking up words from non-French speakers, and became interested in learning languages.
While working for the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey, he designed and built the second tide prediction machine which was used for over thirty years, wrote numerous theoretical treatises on tides and tidal currents, and published a series of essays in Coast and Geodetic Survey annual reports on such topics as “Meteorological Researches: Cyclones, Tornadoes, and Water-Spouts”.
While working in the Shuttle during orbit, astronauts work in comfortable clothes such as knit shirts, pants, or flight suits.
While working, he had an accident.
While working, she had an accident.
While you are about it, please make a cup of coffee for me, too.
While you are about it, please make some coffee for me.
While you are all afraid of Covid a new different pneumonia virus is spreading its way through the continents faster than ever before. We just ignored that, the doctors all ignored that, only covid exists for the mass media and all of us. Are you coughing hackingly mainly in the morning for weeks? You got that virus.
While you are asleep, the bodily functions slow down and body temperature falls.
While you are reading to me, I can do my sewing.
While you drive, you should focus on the road.
While you drone on about preserving the standard of living for the middle class, our parents are dying of hypothermia.
While you kill time, time kills you.
While you play, I read and write.
While you play, I read.
While you play, I'm going to study.
While you were cheating on me with him, I was watching our kids.
While you were gone, I cleaned the living room.
While you're at it, pick up some milk from the supermarket too.
While you're at the supermarket, could you buy some eggs for me?
While you're busy looking for the perfect person, you may have missed the imperfect person who could make you perfectly happy.
While you're driving, watch out for potholes.
While you're in the classroom, take off your caps!
While you're killing time, time's killing you.
While you're waiting, get yourself something to eat.
While you're waiting, get yourselves something to eat.
While you're waiting, why don't you have a cup of coffee?
While you're waiting, why don't you read this?
While you're young, you should read a lot.
While you're young, you should travel.
While your friend holds you affectionately by both your hands you are safe, for you can watch both of his.
While your stereotypical furry could be a wolf, a fox, or a cat, the fandom covers a large part of the natural and supernatural spectrum.
While you’re young, you should read a lot.
Whilst I was drinking my medium-sized iced green tea at the cafe, Hans the Netherlander rolled in through the entrance in his wheelchair. He gave me a little piece of sugarless candy. He ordered coffee. He said that he was going to celebrate his friend's birthday at the Greek restaurant Kisamos Taverna in Steveston village, here on Lulu Island, at 6 PM, today the 28th of October of 2021. He called for a taxi. I once ate moussaka in that restaurant. I said that I remembered when Steveston was not so touristy and my mother worked in the bank there in the 1970s. Apparently, his daughter works at the bank there. Meanwhile, a big handsome white man came in through the entrance, then went in and out of the washroom, then took a coffee cup from the counter, then exited the cafe. I then said that I had to go. Hans decided that he would take the bus, instead of waiting for the taxi.
Whilst I was in Japan, I wanted to visit Hokkaido; but after all, I wasn't able to, and had to go home.
Whilst I was in Washington State, shopping in the malls, I noted more variety in the T-shirts and shorts than in BC. I noted that I was in a more capitalistic society.
Whilst at university, Xiaowang held the post of class monitor.
Whilst drinking my Oat Nog Latte at Starbucks café, this grey-sky morning, I was talking to Afroz, a worker at Kin's Farm Market on Lulu Island, which I frequent to buy exotic things (to others) like lotus roots, Japanese yams, kumquats, dragonfruits, longans, jujubes, Hawaiian purple sweet potatoes, passion fruits, star fruits, etc. Afroz is what he categorizes himself as a "generic Indian Muslim." He was from Uttar Pradesh. His last city was Mumbai, before he left for BC. His daughter has been left with her grandparents in India. Afroz lives with his wife, a caregiver, in Vancouver. Afroz has an MBA from India, but he says that it is difficult to attain his dream job of doing marketing. I told him that my Auntie Vicky from the Philippines was working as a manager for Tupperware (a plastic container company) in India, as she lived in a "palace" with servants. I could not visit her at that time because I was working. (She also worked in Thailand, which I did visit.) It is the 8th of December of 2024, today.
Whilst he was slumbering the three Nymphs appeared before him; they were tall and beautiful, half-naked and without sandals; their hair fell loosely over their shoulders, and in every respect they resembled the statues in the grotto.
Whilst in Egypt, I encountered alcohol-free beer.
Whilst in the hospital, the doctor told me not to read anything religious. In defiance, I brought my Zen books to the hospital.
Whilst it's not broken, it's not necessary to fix it!
Whilst living in BC, I often listen to Radio El Fonógrafo through the Web. For years, it were as if I were living in the arid highlands and lush jungle lowlands of Mexico.
Whilst living in BC, I often listen to Radio France Culture through the Web. The French have intellectuality that is elegant and sophisticated. For years, it were as if I were living in castle-full Europe.
Whilst on my morning walk, on the 10th of March of 2015, I am thinking of geofiction, specifically of an imaginary Portuguese-speaking Macao which takes up the whole of East Asia. I wonder, though, how that uchronic fantasy would fit with my other idea in which the whole of Europe is called France.
Whilst on my way to school, I happened to catch sight of my uncle.
Whilst they were at their meal, more intent on kissing than on eating, they caught sight of a fishing boat proceeding along the coast.
Whilst they were at their meal, more intent on kissing than on eating, they descried a fishing boat proceeding along the coast.
Whilst they were thus intent on their childish amusements, Love devised a scheme to interrupt their sports.
Whilst visiting London, walking in the neighbourhood of the Barbican Centre, I chanced upon a fish and chip shop, where I ordered ravishing fish and chips, wrapped in newspaper. I could get nothing like it back in North America.
Whilst walking on the beach, he found a message in a bottle.
Whimper all you want. Nobody will do this for you, anyway. Don't even get your hopes up.
Whining about it won't solve anything.
Whining doesn't take away tomorrow's concerns, but it does take away today's power.
Whip cream, sugar, and vanilla extract in a bowl until soft peaks form, 3 to 4 minutes.
Whip him until he confesses.
Whip it out!
Whip the cream until it forms soft peaks, then fold in the sugar.
Whip the egg whites until they are stiff.
Whip the egg with a fork.
Whip the egg-whites until they are stiff.
Whip the mint!
Whips can have one or many tails.
Whisk sugar and cornstarch in a bowl. Set aside.
Whisk up a quick dessert using wafers, cream, and 87Kg of uranium.
Whiskey goes very well with tea.
Whisky is good against snake bites. That's why no bedroom should be without it.
Whisky is good against snake bites. That's why none of the bedrooms should be without it.
Whisper in my ear, Mary.
Whistleblowers alleged numerous cases of gross mismanagement, retaliation and investigations into staff that had a debilitating effect.
Whistles could clearly be heard.
Whistling could clearly be heard.
Whistling is to produce a high-pitched sound by making an O with the lips.
White (Ding Liren) had a decisive advantage (according to the computer) in the eighth game of the FIDE World Chess Championship 2023, but missed the victory, and the game ended in a draw. Now Nepo 4.5, Liren 3.5.
White American Evangelicals think Jesus's actual teachings are too woke to be followed. What do these "Christians" fight for, if not Jesus? The answer is the other thing they have in common: whiteness.
White Americans are so afraid of a more equitable society that they actually elected Donald Trump.
White Americans must recognize that justice for black people cannot be achieved without radical changes in the structure of our society.
White Europeans aren't going extinct; having fewer children doesn't mean having none.
White House guests and staff have reported seeing apparitions in the Lincoln Bedroom, which President Abraham Lincoln used as an office.
White South Africans weren't a persecuted minority where they came from.
White and yellow flowers were blooming on the side of the road.
White bears live in the Arctic.
White bread is white.
White bread, please.
White cake glaze is made by mixing powdered sugar and boiling water.
White carpets are very difficult to clean.
White carpets are very hard to clean.
White carpets are very hard to keep clean.
White carpets aren't a good idea.
White collar crime has made American people trust the government less.
White daisies dotted the emerald grass.
White doves are beautiful birds.
White doves are pretty birds.
White flowers and flickering candles sat atop a low table inside the simple wooden home in remote, rural Guatemala. Nearby was a small pair of rubber boots, sized to fit an 8-year-old.
White glue can be used on any smooth, porous surface.
White hair is very fashionable at the moment.
White has to make the first move.
White is a popular car color.
White is a symbol of purity.
White is one of a few students whose remains were shipped home to family for burial.
White is opposite to black.
White lead has been used in artworks since ancient times.
White lies could help us to be diplomatic and avoid hard feelings and arguments which can ruin a day - or a friendship.
White makes the room look bigger.
White paint will brighten the room.
White pawn to f3, black pawn to e6, white pawn to g4, black queen to h4 - checkmate! This is jokingly referred to in chess circles as "fool's mate".
White people are arrogant.
White people from Western Europe are so "superior" that they should dominate the world.
White people from the West are "far superior" to all other races.
White phosphorus was used against civilians.
White says people have been showing their appreciation by bringing comfort food to the workers, Louisiana-style — spaghetti with venison and the local specialty, jambalaya.
White smoke billowed from the Sistine Chapel.
White smoke indicates the conclave has finished their deliberation and chosen a new editor for Vogue magazine.
White snow covers everywhere in winter.
White spots on the tongue are one of the symptoms of a possible oral cancer, primarily caused by smoking. Even if you escape death, you risk losing part or all of your tongue.
White stars shine brighter than red ones.
White stockings always look good: even with a black skirt, even with a white one.
White strawberries were born of a mutation during selective breeding.
White supremacism: for when you have nothing else to be proud of.
White tea features minimal processing to capture delicate flavors and aromas.
White tigers are not albinos. If they were, they would have no stripes whatsoever.
White to play and win.
White vervain is sometimes confused with nettles, but its inflorescence is completely dissimilar.
White was denounced to the police as a spy.
White was up the exchange (rook against bishop) with a passed pawn on a3. The win was a matter of technique.
White water rafting is a lot of fun.
White wine doesn't agree with me. I prefer beer.
White wine doesn't agree with me; I prefer beer.
White wine is the usual companion of fish.
White wine should be drunk chilled, and red wine at room temperature.
White won the game by blocking his opponent's king and checkers so that they couldn't' move or jump anywhere.
White-collar jobs usually pay more than blue-collar ones.
White-collar workers face many difficulties.
White-lipped peccaries used to be the dominant terrestrial mammals in South American rainforests.
White: rook on a1, pawn on b6, king on c8. Black: pawns on a7 and b7, king on a8, bishop on b8. White puts the opponent in zugzwang by playing the rook to a6, after which Black has only two options: take the rook on a6 or move his bishop to any other square on the diagonal b8-h2. In the first case, White advances his pawn from b6 to b7 and checkmates. In the second situation, the white rook takes the black pawn on a7, with the same result.
Whither is thy beloved gone, O thou fairest among women? whither is thy beloved turned aside? that we may seek him with thee.
Whither shall one flee? Where shall I go and abide?
Whither?
Whitsun is a long weekend during which the motorways are chock-full.
Who I am? Hey, don't you know me?
Who I can expect help from?
Who Ziri is is in conflict with who he was.
Who a person is is not determined by what they look like.
Who abandons his brother by deceit, won't find him when he needs him.
Who abducted Persephone?
Who accompanied you?
Who acts Hamlet?
Who actually did that?
Who actually owns this house?
Who actually performed the surgery?
Who actually wrote this?
Who added me into this group, please?
Who advised you not to take the pills?
Who advised you to do it that way?
Who agreed with you?
Who agrees with me?
Who agrees?
Who all knows about this?
Who allowed her in?
Who allowed him in?
Who allowed that?
Who allowed this?
Who allowed you to do it?
Who am I actually: a monk dreaming he's a butterfly, or a butterfly dreaming it's a monk?
Who am I addressing?
Who am I currently speaking to?
Who am I forgetting?
Who am I going to complain to?
Who am I going to eat lunch with?
Who am I going to lean on when the times get rough?
Who am I hitting?
Who am I kidding?
Who am I speaking to?
Who am I supposed to be looking for?
Who am I supposed to call?
Who am I supposed to go with?
Who am I supposed to help?
Who am I talking to?
Who am I talking with?
Who am I to advise you?
Who am I to argue?
Who am I to complain?
Who am I to criticize him?
Who am I to judge other people?
Who am I to judge this culture?
Who am I to judge?
Who am I to say it's wrong?
Who am I to say?
Who am I to second guess him?
Who am I to tell Tom what to do?
Who am I to tell you what to do?
Who am I to you?
Who am I trying to fool?
Who am I with?
Who am I, according to you?
Who am I, and who are you?
Who am I?
Who am I? How did I come to be?
Who am I? I am a poet. What do I do? I write. How do I live? I just live.
Who am I? I am a poet. What is my craft? Writing. And how do I live? I live simply.
Who am I? I am a poet. What is my craft? Writing. And how do I make a living? I simply live.
Who am I? I want to give you a small tip. I'm not like other girls. I'm a little bit different!
Who am I? That's really the most important question.
Who am I? What can I do? What do I want?
Who am I? Where do I come from? Is there life after death? What is the meaning of life on earth?
Who am I? Where do I come from? Is there life after death? What is the meaning of life?
Who among us does not like to be famous?
Who among us doesn't make mistakes?
Who among us hasn't dreamed of that?
Who among us is perfect?
Who among us wouldn't like to be famous?
Who among you are the doers of good?
Who among you does what is right?
Who among you gambles?
Who among you is a doer of good?
Who among you is married?
Who among you is the sharpest?
Who among you is the smartest?
Who among you plays?
Who among you remembers what happened to us in 2001?
Who among you speaks good French?
Who among you wants to help Tom?
Who amongst them do you think is the coolest?
Who and who are classmates?
Who and who goes where and where, respectively?
Who answered me?
Who answered the phone?
Who answered your question?
Who answered your questions?
Who appointed Tom?
Who appointed her?
Who appointed him?
Who appointed them?
Who appointed you as the arbiter of truth?
Who appointed you?
Who approved this intolerable rubbish for TV?
Who approved this?
Who are Adam and Eve?
Who are Algeria's main economic partners?
Who are Julius' sons?
Who are Tom and I going to lean on when the times get rough?
Who are Tom and I supposed to go with?
Who are Tom and Mary Jackson?
Who are Tom and Mary and how do they know me?
Who are Tom and Mary going to Boston with?
Who are Tom and Mary going to do that with?
Who are Tom and Mary going to listen to?
Who are Tom and Mary looking at?
Who are Tom and Mary looking for?
Who are Tom and Mary speaking to?
Who are Tom and Mary talking about?
Who are Tom and Mary talking to?
Who are Tom and Mary trying to impress?
Who are Tom and Mary waiting for?
Who are Tom and Mary?
Who are Tom's friends?
Who are all these people over there?
Who are all these people?
Who are all those people over there?
Who are all those women?
Who are my new neighbors?
Who are my new neighbours?
Who are my parents?
Who are my real parents?
Who are our company's biggest competitors?
Who are our competitors?
Who are some of your favorite actors?
Who are some of your favorite musicians?
Who are some of your favorite singers?
Who are the Berbers?
Who are the Kurds, and why do they not have a state yet?
Who are the Zionists?
Who are the bad guys?
Who are the candidates?
Who are the enemies of the youth?
Who are the famous musicians in your country?
Who are the girl's parents?
Who are the gods?
Who are the idiots who said that teachers should push for larger amounts of homework, seeing as the students don't work enough?
Who are the idiots who said that teachers should push for larger amounts of homework, seeing as the students don’t work enough?
Who are the judges?
Who are the kidnappers?
Who are the kids afraid of?
Who are the members of the board?
Who are the men who came yesterday?
Who are the men?
Who are the most important people in your life?
Who are the other guests?
Who are the others?
Who are the parents of these boys?
Who are the parents of these girls?
Who are the people I saw her with?
Who are the people constituting the nation?
Who are the people who have a key to this flat?
Who are the real terrorists?
Who are the responsible people?
Who are the two women over there?
Who are the voting members?
Who are the witnesses?
Who are the world doping champions?
Who are their heroes?
Who are these boys?
Who are these flowers for?
Who are these for?
Who are these gentlemen whom you have brought with you?
Who are these gifts for?
Who are these girls?
Who are these guys?
Who are these jokers?
Who are these men?
Who are these messages from?
Who are these people, that you should visit them at such an hour?
Who are these people?
Who are these presents for?
Who are these rebels?
Who are these texts from?
Who are these two boys?
Who are these women?
Who are these women? I don't know them.
Who are these young ladies?
Who are these? I don't know them.
Who are they cheering for?
Who are they exactly?
Who are they expecting?
Who are they fighting?
Who are they for?
Who are they leaving with?
Who are they really?
Who are they sending?
Who are they talking about?
Who are they talking to?
Who are they to tell me what to do?
Who are they to tell us what to do?
Who are they trying to impress anyway?
Who are they waiting for?
Who are they with?
Who are they?
Who are those Muslims?
Who are those boys?
Who are those children?
Who are those for?
Who are those girls?
Who are those guys?
Who are those men in white suits?
Who are those men?
Who are those people over there?
Who are those people you were talking to?
Who are those people?
Who are those three men?
Who are those three women?
Who are those two?
Who are those women?
Who are those young ladies?
Who are we competing against?
Who are we fighting?
Who are we going to invite?
Who are we going to see?
Who are we going to support?
Who are we hiding from?
Who are we in fact?
Who are we kidding?
Who are we looking for?
Who are we making fun of?
Who are we meeting?
Who are we picking up?
Who are we running away from?
Who are we talking about?
Who are we visiting today?
Who are we waiting for?
Who are we waiting on?
Who are we working for?
Who are we?
Who are you afraid of?
Who are you again?
Who are you all?
Who are you all? How did you come here and why?
Who are you alluding to?
Who are you and what are you doing here?
Who are you and what are you up to?
Who are you and what do you want?
Who are you and where did you come from?
Who are you and where do you come from?
Who are you and why are you here?
Who are you and why do you have my phone number?
Who are you angry at?
Who are you angry with?
Who are you anyway?
Who are you asking about?
Who are you at all to judge others?
Who are you avoiding?
Who are you behind?
Who are you bringing to the play?
Who are you buying that for?
Who are you calling a bimbo?
Who are you calling a donkey?
Who are you calling an idiot?
Who are you calling asshole?
Who are you calling fat?
Who are you calling for?
Who are you calling stupid?
Who are you calling stupid?!
Who are you calling sweet-n-sour?! At the very least I certainly don't remember being sweet!
Who are you calling sweet-n-sour?! At the very least I certainly don’t remember being sweet!
Who are you calling?
Who are you chasing?
Who are you closest to in your family?
Who are you coming with?
Who are you criticising?
Who are you dating right now?
Who are you dating?
Who are you describing?
Who are you doing it for?
Who are you doing that for?
Who are you doing this for?
Who are you eating dinner with tonight?
Who are you eating with?
Who are you emailing?
Who are you exactly?
Who are you expecting a call from?
Who are you expecting?
Who are you going meet tomorrow?
Who are you going meet?
Who are you going out with now?
Who are you going out with tonight?
Who are you going out with?
Who are you going to ask?
Who are you going to believe, Tom or me?
Who are you going to believe?
Who are you going to believe? Her or me?
Who are you going to call?
Who are you going to dinner with?
Who are you going to eat dinner with?
Who are you going to give these books to?
Who are you going to give those books to?
Who are you going to invite?
Who are you going to meet at the mall?
Who are you going to meet tomorrow with?
Who are you going to meet?
Who are you going to see tomorrow?
Who are you going to see tonight?
Who are you going to see?
Who are you going to sell this to?
Who are you going to send that to?
Who are you going to spend New Year's Eve with?
Who are you going to tell?
Who are you going to the library with?
Who are you going to the prom with?
Who are you going to vote for?
Who are you going with?
Who are you guys talking to?
Who are you guys?
Who are you here for?
Who are you here to see?
Who are you hiding from?
Who are you in the photo?
Who are you insured through?
Who are you insured with?
Who are you kidding?
Who are you laughing at?
Who are you leaving in charge?
Who are you lighting a candle for?
Who are you looking at there?
Who are you looking at?
Who are you looking for here?
Who are you looking for, Tom?
Who are you looking for?
Who are you lot?
Who are you making that sandwich for?
Who are you meeting at 15:00?
Who are you meeting at 3:00PM?
Who are you meeting at the shopping centre?
Who are you meeting tomorrow with?
Who are you meeting tomorrow?
Who are you meeting tonight?
Who are you meeting with tomorrow?
Who are you meeting?
Who are you people?
Who are you phoning now?
Who are you phoning?
Who are you planning on going to Australia with?
Who are you planning on going to Boston with?
Who are you planning to do that with?
Who are you planning to go to Australia with?
Who are you planning to go to Boston with?
Who are you pointing at?
Who are you protecting?
Who are you pursuing?
Who are you quarreling with?
Who are you quarrelling with?
Who are you quoting?
Who are you really?
Who are you referring to?
Who are you ringing?
Who are you rooting for?
Who are you running from?
Who are you saying that to?
Who are you seeing tomorrow?
Who are you selling your car to?
Who are you sitting next to?
Who are you so afraid of?
Who are you speaking with?
Who are you spending Christmas with?
Who are you staring at?
Who are you staying with in Algiers?
Who are you staying with now?
Who are you supposed to be?
Who are you taking the beer outside to?
Who are you talking about?
Who are you talking to?
Who are you talking to? Me?
Who are you talking with now?
Who are you talking with?
Who are you texting all the time like that?
Who are you texting now?
Who are you texting?
Who are you that you spoke thus to me?
Who are you the daughter of?
Who are you the father of?
Who are you there with?
Who are you thinking about?
Who are you to address me so familiarly?
Who are you to barge into my room?
Who are you to decide that?
Who are you to decide?
Who are you to judge me, you piece of shit?
Who are you to judge me?
Who are you to judge?
Who are you to make that decision?
Who are you to say that feminism isn’t about equality?
Who are you to second guess him?
Who are you to speak with me like that?
Who are you to talk to me like that?
Who are you to tell her what to do?
Who are you to tell him what to do?
Who are you to tell me how I should live my life?
Who are you to tell me how I'm supposed to feel?
Who are you to tell me to get out?
Who are you to tell me to go away?
Who are you to tell me what I can and can't do?
Who are you to tell me what I need to do?
Who are you to tell me what I need?
Who are you to tell me what to do?
Who are you to tell us we can't go?
Who are you trying to call?
Who are you trying to convince?
Who are you trying to impress?
Who are you trying to kid?
Who are you voting for this year?
Who are you voting for?
Who are you waiting for?
Who are you waving at?
Who are you when nobody sees you?
Who are you with?
Who are you working for now?
Who are you working for?
Who are you writing a letter to?
Who are you writing about?
Who are you writing to?
Who are you writing to? Your boss?
Who are you, a good guy or a pretty girl?
Who are you, and what are you doing here?
Who are you, and what do you want from me?
Who are you, and what have you done with Tom?
Who are you, and what have you done with my TV?
Who are you, and why are you here?
Who are you, and why are you wearing a ski mask?
Who are you, anyway?
Who are you, boy?
Who are you, dweller of this tiny stellar corpse?
Who are you, friend?
Who are you, how did you come here, and why?
Who are you, really?
Who are you, strangers?
Who are you?
Who are you? Give us an answer to take back to those who sent us.
Who are you? I don't really know you.
Who are you? I guess you're not from here.
Who are you? Sorry, I don't remember you.
Who are you? What do you want?
Who are you? What're you doing here?
Who are your closest friends?
Who are your employees?
Who are your enemies?
Who are your favourite stars?
Who are your friends on Tatoeba?
Who are your friends?
Who are your heroes?
Who are your most interesting friends?
Who are your neighbors?
Who are your neighbours?
Who are your other best friends?
Who are your parents?
Who are your partners?
Who are your people?
Who are your role models?
Who are your social supports?
Who are your working for?
Who arranged this meeting?
Who arrested Tom?
Who arrived first?
Who arrived last?
Who asked Tom that question?
Who asked Tom to come?
Who asked Tom to do that?
Who asked Tom to leave?
Who asked Tom to sing?
Who asked Tom?
Who asked for vodka?
Who asked for your opinion anyway?
Who asked for your opinion?
Who asked her to come?
Who asked him to come?
Who asked me to come?
Who asked that question?
Who asked them to come?
Who asked them?
Who asked us to come?
Who asked you anything?
Who asked you for help?
Who asked you not to do that?
Who asked you to come to Australia?
Who asked you to come to Boston?
Who asked you to come?
Who asked you to do that?
Who asked you to do this?
Who asked you to help?
Who asked you to sing?
Who asked you to stop doing that?
Who asked you to tell Tom I was here?
Who asked you to translate this into French?
Who asked you?
Who asked your opinion?
Who asked?
Who ate Tom's dinner?
Who ate Tom's lunch?
Who ate all of our food?
Who ate all of the food?
Who ate all our food?
Who ate all the biscuits?
Who ate all the cake?
Who ate all the candy?
Who ate all the cheese?
Who ate all the cookies?
Who ate all the fruit?
Who ate all the grapes?
Who ate all the ice cream?
Who ate all the oranges?
Who ate all the pies?
Who ate all the pizza?
Who ate my cake that I'd put in the fridge?
Who ate my dessert?
Who ate my food?
Who ate my sandwich?
Who ate my snacks?
Who ate the bread?
Who ate the cake?
Who ate the cheese?
Who ate the last biscuit?
Who ate the last cookie?
Who ate the last donut?
Who ate the last doughnut?
Who ate the last peach?
Who ate the pizza?
Who ate the rest of the leftovers?
Who ate up all our food?
Who ate up the cake?
Who ate with you?
Who ate?
Who attacked you?
Who attended the meeting?
Who authored the introduction to his work?
Who authored this article?
Who authored this book?
Who authorised you to enter my office?
Who authorized that?
Who authorized the filming?
Who authorized this purchase?
Who authorized this?
Who baked this cake?
Who beat you up?
Who became the new director?
Who believes in God?
Who believes that?
Who benefited from that?
Who benefited from the growth of globalization?
Who benefited from what we did?
Who benefits from all of that?
Who benefits from it?
Who benefits from that?
Who benefits from the crime?
Who benefits from this attack?
Who benefits from this?
Who benefits?
Who betrayed us?
Who bit you?
Who blew the whistle?
Who blew up the towers?
Who boarded up these windows?
Who bought Tom his violin?
Who bought Tom that hat?
Who bought a book at the shop?
Who bought a book in the shop?
Who bought that for Tom?
Who bought that for you?
Who bought that hat for Tom?
Who bought that?
Who bought the beer?
Who bought these grapes?
Who bought these groceries?
Who bought these light bulbs?
Who bought these tickets for you?
Who bought this food?
Who bought this?
Who bought you that?
Who bought you this dress?
Who bought you this house?
Who bought you this?
Who braids your hair for you?
Who brings home the bacon, you or me?
Who brings me fruit and tea?
Who broke it?
Who broke my damn phone?
Who broke that pane of glass?
Who broke that window pane?
Who broke that?
Who broke the bottle?
Who broke the chair?
Who broke the coffee machine?
Who broke the cup?
Who broke the dish?
Who broke the mug?
Who broke the new TV?
Who broke the news of her death to you?
Who broke the pen?
Who broke the plate?
Who broke the swing?
Who broke the vase?
Who broke the window yesterday?
Who broke the window?
Who broke the window? He did.
Who broke the window? Tell the truth.
Who broke the windowpane with a stone?
Who broke thirteen test tubes, three volumetric flasks and a pipette in the laboratory?
Who broke this chair?
Who broke this pen?
Who broke this window?
Who broke this?
Who broke your heart?
Who broke your nose?
Who brought Mary?
Who brought Tom here?
Who brought Tom?
Who brought all of this?
Who brought her?
Who brought him?
Who brought lunch today?
Who brought me here?
Who brought the beer?
Who brought the cake?
Who brought the marshmallows?
Who brought the pie?
Who brought the pizza?
Who brought the post?
Who brought the salad?
Who brought the wine?
Who brought them?
Who brought these grapes?
Who brought this?
Who brought us here?
Who brought you here?
Who brought you in?
Who brought you?
Who built it?
Who built the snowman?
Who built this bridge?
Who built this building?
Who built this doghouse?
Who built this house?
Who built this place?
Who built this shed?
Who built this thing, anyway?
Who built this thing?
Who built this wall?
Who built this?
Who built your dog house for you?
Who built your dog house?
Who built your house?
Who buried the gold bars here?
Who burned the cake?
Who buys such art?
Who buys the petroleum extracted by the Islamic State?
Who buys these kinds of things?
Who buys this kind of thing?
Who buys this type of art?
Who buys tickets to ride in their own motor car?
Who called 911?
Who called Ann?
Who called Tom?
Who called a police officer?
Who called for the ambulance?
Who called her?
Who called him?
Who called me last night?
Who called me?
Who called the boy?
Who called the cops?
Who called the fire department?
Who called the police?
Who called them in?
Who called them?
Who called these dead to dance?
Who called you?
Who called?
Who calls me "good for nothing"?
Who calls the shots now?
Who calls the shots?
Who came here by car?
Who came here looking for you yesterday?
Who came here today?
Who came here yesterday?
Who came here?
Who came late?
Who came to our house?
Who came to see us in Birmingham?
Who came to see you?
Who came to visit Tom?
Who came up with something like that?
Who came up with that idea in the first place?
Who came up with the "Tatar-Mongol yoke"?
Who came up with this schedule?
Who came up with this stuff?
Who came with Tom?
Who came with them?
Who came with you?
Who came yesterday?
Who came?
Who can I call to fix my leaky ceiling?
Who can I call to fix my plumbing?
Who can I call to speak to about this?
Who can I call?
Who can I complain to about Tom?
Who can I complain to?
Who can I count on?
Who can I reach at this time?
Who can I sell it to?
Who can I speak to about this?
Who can I talk to about this?
Who can I talk to?
Who can I trust?
Who can I yell at?
Who can add sentences to Tatoeba?
Who can address this issue?
Who can afford these prices?
Who can afford this anymore?
Who can afford this?
Who can afford to buy such an expensive house?
Who can answer that question?
Who can answer the question?
Who can be against it?
Who can be calling me at this hour?
Who can be eloquent before the Mystery that is God?
Who can be sure?
Who can be trusted?
Who can best handle the problem?
Who can best handle this problem?
Who can blame Elias?
Who can blame you?
Who can bring that about?
Who can calculate the orbit of his own soul?
Who can challenge the Quran?
Who can choose?
Who can claim nothing has the right to give up.
Who can comfort Tom?
Who can complain against them?
Who can contest the rights of the Jews to Palestine? My God, historically, it is your country!
Who can count the stars?
Who can deal with this difficult situation?
Who can do more can do less.
Who can do more, can do with less.
Who can do this for me?
Who can do this work?
Who can doubt it?
Who can ever erase those images from my mind?
Who can explain this to me?
Who can explain to me what a mortgage credit is?
Who can field this question?
Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies.
Who can fit their car through there?
Who can fix this mess?
Who can fly better, a fly or a pilot?
Who can forget that day?
Who can forgive sins but God alone?
Who can give a little bit, take the most.
Who can give me a recipe for caramel macarons?
Who can grant me access to the citadel?
Who can guarantee his success?
Who can help me?
Who can help you guys learn German?
Who can help you learn German?
Who can help you reach your goals?
Who can help you to learn German?
Who can identify them?
Who can it be this time?
Who can it possibly be?
Who can one trust ?
Who can predict what will happen in the future?
Who can prevent it?
Who can put a bell on the cat?
Who can read the future?
Who can read the heroic deeds of brave men without a feeling of respect and admiration?
Who can remember?
Who can replace her?
Who can replace them?
Who can run fastest in your class?
Who can say for certain?
Who can say no to that?
Who can say that about themselves?
Who can say what we did is wrong?
Who can say what will happen in the future?
Who can say what'll happen in the future?
Who can scoop water with a sieve?
Who can show me where Boston is?
Who can show me where Kiev is?
Who can solve the Rubik's cube first?
Who can solve the problem?
Who can speak English better, Yoko or Yumi?
Who can speak English?
Who can speak French better, Tom or Mary?
Who can speak French?
Who can speak Japanese?
Who can speak both Chinese and Japanese?
Who can speak well about a God no one knows?
Who can stop Ziri now?
Who can stop us now?
Who can stop us?
Who can survive after a nuclear war?
Who can swim?
Who can tell me how a light bulb works?
Who can tell me what a tragicomedy is?
Who can tell me what is wrong with this couscous?
Who can tell me what the acronym Tatoeba stands for?
Who can tell me what's the meaning of "hypothermia"?
Who can tell me what's wrong with this couscous?
Who can tell me where Boston is?
Who can tell the difference?
Who can tell what Tom and Mary are thinking?
Who can tell what Tom is thinking?
Who can tell what will happen in the future?
Who can tell what will happen to her?
Who can tell what'll happen in the future?
Who can that be?
Who can tolerate all this?
Who can translate the difference between noise and sound?
Who can translate this article?
Who can vouch for you?
Who can we trust?
Who can work out the adverbial form of that verb?
Who can you ask for help?
Who can you believe?
Who can you reach out to for help with this?
Who can you talk to when you're having trouble?
Who can you trust?
Who can't be proud of being Serbian, part of a group whose greatest historical achievements have been slaughtering authority figures and genocides?
Who canceled?
Who cared about me?
Who cared about what I was going through?
Who cared for the dog when you were away?
Who cared?
Who cares about Ziri?
Who cares about bad manners?
Who cares about calories?
Who cares about facts?
Who cares about him! I care about him, and then I don't!
Who cares about me?
Who cares about soup?
Who cares about that stuff?
Who cares about that?
Who cares about the weather?
Who cares about what other people think?
Who cares anyway?
Who cares for the carers?
Who cares how you think things are done?
Who cares if Tom and Mary don't do that?
Who cares if Tom and Mary win?
Who cares if Tom does do that?
Who cares if Tom does that?
Who cares if Tom doesn't do that?
Who cares if Tom doesn't win?
Who cares if Tom wins.
Who cares if Tom wins?
Who cares what I think?
Who cares what Robert's dad wants?
Who cares what Tom and Mary do?
Who cares what Tom and Mary say?
Who cares what Tom and Mary think?
Who cares what Tom and Mary want?
Who cares what Tom and Mary wear?
Who cares what Tom did?
Who cares what Tom does.
Who cares what Tom does?
Who cares what Tom had for lunch.
Who cares what Tom said?
Who cares what Tom says?
Who cares what Tom thinks?
Who cares what Tom wants?
Who cares what Tom wears?
Who cares what everyone else thinks?
Who cares what happens to Tom?
Who cares what happens to her?
Who cares what happens to him?
Who cares what happens to them?
Who cares what happens?
Who cares what it's called?
Who cares what people think?
Who cares what random strangers think? We're all going to die in a hundred years anyway.
Who cares what the food tastes like?
Who cares what the site looks like on Internet Explorer.
Who cares what they say?
Who cares what they think?
Who cares what you think?
Who cares when Tom does that?
Who cares when Tom gets married?
Who cares when she gets married?
Who cares when she will marry?
Who cares when that happens, as long as it happens?
Who cares where Tom and Mary were?
Who cares where Tom was?
Who cares where it's located?
Who cares whether Tom eats egg yolks or not?
Who cares whether Tom wins or not.
Who cares whether he eats egg yolks or not?
Who cares who appointed Tom?
Who cares whose fault it is?
Who cares?
Who cares? What's really important is that you are still here.
Who carried the luggage?
Who caught Tom?
Who caught him?
Who caught these fish?
Who caught this fish?
Who caused the accident?
Who caused the problems?
Who changed the subject?
Who cheated?
Who checked Tom's work?
Who cheered?
Who chose this gift?
Who chose this wine?
Who chose those colors?
Who chose those colours?
Who chose you?
Who claims that men hold more power than women?
Who cleaned it?
Who cleaned that mess up?
Who cleaned the living room?
Who cleaned this room?
Who cleaned up that mess?
Who cleans your home?
Who cleared the snow?
Who closed the door?
Who closed the gate?
Who closed the window?
Who closed the windows?
Who coaches the team?
Who codified the rules of football?
Who collected them?
Who collected those flowers?
Who comes here more often, you or Tom?
Who comes up with all these strange terms?
Who commands time?
Who committed that crime?
Who committed this crime?
Who committed this murder?
Who compiled this list?
Who complained?
Who composed the foreword to his book?
Who composed this music?
Who composed this?
Who conducts the tests?
Who contributed?
Who controls it?
Who controls the Internet?
Who controls the internet?
Who controls the past controls the future.
Who converted you to Islam?
Who convinced Tom to do that?
Who convinced you of that nonsense?
Who cooked breakfast?
Who cooked dinner for Tom?
Who cooked dinner?
Who cooked supper?
Who cooked the chicken?
Who cooked the rice?
Who cooked this?
Who cooked your dinner?
Who cooked your last meal?
Who cooked?
Who cooks better, your mother or your father?
Who cooks for you?
Who cooks in your house?
Who could Tom and Mary do that with?
Who could Tom do that with?
Who could abandon an adorable dog like this?
Who could argue with that?
Who could ask for anything more?
Who could ask for more?
Who could be better for you than Tom?
Who could be calling me at this hour?
Who could be knocking at the door at this time of night?
Who could be out there?
Who could be spreading that news?
Who could benefit from this?
Who could blame Tom?
Who could blame her?
Who could blame him?
Who could blame me?
Who could blame them?
Who could blame us?
Who could complain about that?
Who could do such a thing?
Who could do that?
Who could do this kind of thing?
Who could ever love me?
Who could every forget you?
Who could fill Tom's shoes?
Who could forget him?
Who could forget it?
Who could forget?
Who could have been found better in action than this man?
Who could have committed such a horrible murder?
Who could have done something like this?
Who could have done such a thing to Tom?
Who could have done that?
Who could have done this?
Who could have eaten all the bananas?
Who could have ever expected this to happen?
Who could have expected that it would happen?
Who could have foreseen it?
Who could have foreseen this happening?
Who could have imagined that we would meet today?
Who could have imagined that?
Who could have known that he would turn out to be such a rascal?
Who could have predicted this?
Who could have sent roses to Mariska?
Who could have spread that news?
Who could have spread that rumor?
Who could have stolen it from Tom?
Who could help us?
Who could hope to fill Tom's shoes?
Who could it be at this time of day?
Who could it be?
Who could it have been?
Who could know that?
Who could like this?
Who could make that up?
Who could melt that icy heart of yours?
Who could melt that stone heart of yours?
Who could not love you?
Who could possibly believe this?
Who could possibly have done this?
Who could possibly have the knowledge to do such a thing?
Who could possibly have the skills to do such a thing?
Who could possibly want to kill a girl like Layla?
Who could refuse?
Who could resist a charming man like Elias?
Who could resist an offer like that?
Who could take Tom's place?
Who could take his place?
Who could take our place?
Who could take the place of him?
Who could teach me French?
Who could that be waiting outside the house?
Who could that be?
Who could that have been?
Who could trust them anyways?
Who could we do that with?
Who could you do that with?
Who could've broken the fishbowl?
Who could've done such a thing to Tom?
Who could've done that?
Who could've done this?
Who could've drunk the juice in that glass?
Who could've eaten all the bananas?
Who could've ever expected this to happen?
Who could've foreseen it?
Who could've foreseen the tragic death of Yevgeny Prigozhin?
Who could've foreseen this happening?
Who could've known this was going to happen?
Who could've predicted this?
Who could've stolen it from Tom?
Who couldn't be happy here?
Who cracked the eggs?
Who crashed the party?
Who created Google?
Who created Tatoeba?
Who created the universe?
Who created this group?
Who created this mess?
Who created this oil painting?
Who created us?
Who created you?
Who cut that tree down?
Who cut the bread?
Who cut the cake?
Who cut the melon?
Who cut the tablecloth?
Who cut you off?
Who cut your hair?
Who cuts your hair?
Who damaged this?
Who dares to invest in a country where there is no security?
Who dares, wins.
Who dares?
Who deals the cards now?
Who decided that?
Who decides that?
Who decides what is "natural" in the animal world?
Who defended Tom?
Who defends him?
Who deleted the file?
Who delivered into his hand all the prisoners that were kept in custody: and whatsoever was done, was under him. Neither did he himself know any thing, having committed all things to him: for the Lord was with him, and made all that he did to prosper.
Who delivers the letter?
Who designed it?
Who designed that museum?
Who designed the Algiers opera house?
Who designed the White House?
Who designed the sets for the play?
Who designed these Halloween costumes?
Who designed these uniforms?
Who designed this building?
Who designed this strange building?
Who destroyed it?
Who destroyed the garden?
Who destroyed the window? Tell me the truth.
Who developed it?
Who diagnosed it?
Who did Anna marry?
Who did Atahualpa fight?
Who did Batman save?
Who did Confucius teach?
Who did Diego Maradona train?
Who did Fadil contact?
Who did I marry?
Who did Linda run away with?
Who did Mary ask to help her do that?
Who did Mary marry?
Who did Mary say gave her that?
Who did Mary say she saw kissing Tom?
Who did Mary say she wanted to go skiing with?
Who did Mary say she was looking for?
Who did Mary say taught her French?
Who did Mary say was going to go to Boston with her?
Who did Mary say was going to help her?
Who did Mary say went to Boston with her?
Who did Mary sell her car to?
Who did Mary think was going to do that for her?
Who did Mary think was going to drive her to the airport?
Who did Mary think was going to help her with her homework?
Who did Mary think was going to meet her at the airport?
Who did Mary think was going to meet her?
Who did Mary think would cook dinner for her?
Who did Mary think would do that for her?
Who did Mary think would help her?
Who did Mary think would lend her an umbrella?
Who did Mary think would pay her bills for her?
Who did Mary think would want to go there with her?
Who did Maurice Papon torture?
Who did Mike Tyson bite?
Who did Mother Teresa help?
Who did Pizarro kill?
Who did Tom actually do that with?
Who did Tom and Mary ask to help them do that?
Who did Tom and Mary do that for?
Who did Tom and Mary do that with?
Who did Tom and Mary plan on asking for help?
Who did Tom and Mary plan to ask for help?
Who did Tom and Mary plan to do that with?
Who did Tom and Mary plan to give that to?
Who did Tom and Mary say gave them that?
Who did Tom and Mary say taught them French?
Who did Tom and Mary say they wanted to go skiing with?
Who did Tom and Mary say they were looking for?
Who did Tom and Mary say was going to go to Boston with them?
Who did Tom and Mary say was going to help them?
Who did Tom and Mary say went to Boston with them?
Who did Tom and Mary sell their car to?
Who did Tom and Mary think was going to do that for them?
Who did Tom and Mary think was going to drive them to the airport?
Who did Tom and Mary think was going to help them with their homework?
Who did Tom and Mary think was going to meet them at the airport?
Who did Tom and Mary think was going to meet them?
Who did Tom and Mary think would cook dinner for them?
Who did Tom and Mary think would do that for them?
Who did Tom and Mary think would help them?
Who did Tom and Mary think would lend them umbrellas?
Who did Tom and Mary think would pay their bills for them?
Who did Tom and Mary think would want to go there with them?
Who did Tom argue with?
Who did Tom ask for help?
Who did Tom ask to help Mary?
Who did Tom ask to help him do that?
Who did Tom ask to help him?
Who did Tom ask?
Who did Tom attack?
Who did Tom bet on?
Who did Tom bite?
Who did Tom bring with him?
Who did Tom bring?
Who did Tom buy all this stuff from?
Who did Tom buy his car from?
Who did Tom buy those flowers for?
Who did Tom call that?
Who did Tom call?
Who did Tom cheat this time?
Who did Tom choose?
Who did Tom collaborate with?
Who did Tom come to see?
Who did Tom come with?
Who did Tom contact?
Who did Tom dance with?
Who did Tom do that for?
Who did Tom do that with?
Who did Tom eat dinner with?
Who did Tom eat with?
Who did Tom escape with?
Who did Tom fight?
Who did Tom follow?
Who did Tom get married to?
Who did Tom get that from?
Who did Tom give his old clarinet to?
Who did Tom give his old saxophone to?
Who did Tom give that to?
Who did Tom go bowling with?
Who did Tom go camping with?
Who did Tom go canoeing with?
Who did Tom go hiking with?
Who did Tom go mountain climbing with?
Who did Tom go sailing with?
Who did Tom go shopping with?
Who did Tom go skiing with?
Who did Tom go surfing with?
Who did Tom go swimming with?
Who did Tom go there with?
Who did Tom go to Australia with?
Who did Tom go to Boston with?
Who did Tom go to the cinema with?
Who did Tom go with?
Who did Tom help?
Who did Tom hit?
Who did Tom hurt?
Who did Tom invite here?
Who did Tom invite?
Who did Tom kill?
Who did Tom kiss?
Who did Tom leave with?
Who did Tom marry?
Who did Tom mean?
Who did Tom meet in the park?
Who did Tom meet on his way home?
Who did Tom meet on the bus?
Who did Tom meet on the train?
Who did Tom meet?
Who did Tom plan on doing that with?
Who did Tom plan on going to Australia with?
Who did Tom plan on going to Boston with?
Who did Tom plan on going with?
Who did Tom plan on staying with in Australia?
Who did Tom plan on staying with in Boston?
Who did Tom plan on staying with?
Who did Tom plan to ask for help?
Who did Tom plan to do that with?
Who did Tom plan to give that to?
Who did Tom plan to go to Australia with?
Who did Tom plan to go to Boston with?
Who did Tom plan to go with?
Who did Tom plan to stay with in Australia?
Who did Tom plan to stay with in Boston?
Who did Tom plan to stay with?
Who did Tom play chess with?
Who did Tom play golf with?
Who did Tom play music with?
Who did Tom play tennis with?
Who did Tom play with?
Who did Tom remind you of?
Who did Tom run away with?
Who did Tom save?
Who did Tom say ate his sandwich?
Who did Tom say borrowed money from Mary?
Who did Tom say borrowed money from him?
Who did Tom say broke into his house?
Who did Tom say broke the mirror?
Who did Tom say did that?
Who did Tom say gave him that?
Who did Tom say he saw kissing Mary?
Who did Tom say he wanted to go skiing with?
Who did Tom say he wanted to take to the dance?
Who did Tom say he was going to go to Australia with?
Who did Tom say he was looking for?
Who did Tom say helped Mary?
Who did Tom say helped him?
Who did Tom say his French teacher was?
Who did Tom say hit Mary?
Who did Tom say hit him?
Who did Tom say hugged Mary?
Who did Tom say kissed Mary?
Who did Tom say kissed him?
Who did Tom say left?
Who did Tom say taught him French?
Who did Tom say that he was going to go to Australia with?
Who did Tom say was cheating?
Who did Tom say was exaggerating?
Who did Tom say was going to be at his party?
Who did Tom say was going to be here today?
Who did Tom say was going to do that?
Who did Tom say was going to go to Australia with Mary?
Who did Tom say was going to go to Australia with him?
Who did Tom say was going to go to Boston with Mary?
Who did Tom say was going to go to Boston with him?
Who did Tom say was going to help Mary?
Who did Tom say was going to help him?
Who did Tom say was going to win?
Who did Tom say was hungry?
Who did Tom say was looking for me?
Who did Tom say was lying?
Who did Tom say went to Australia with Mary?
Who did Tom say went to Australia with him?
Who did Tom say went to Boston with Mary?
Who did Tom say went to Boston with him?
Who did Tom see?
Who did Tom sell his bassoon to?
Who did Tom sell his car to?
Who did Tom sell his cows to?
Who did Tom sell his farm to?
Who did Tom sell his harpsichord to?
Who did Tom sell his house to?
Who did Tom sell his land to?
Who did Tom sell his truck to?
Who did Tom sing for?
Who did Tom sing with?
Who did Tom stay with?
Who did Tom talk to?
Who did Tom teach?
Who did Tom tell to do it?
Who did Tom tell?
Who did Tom think I was?
Who did Tom think was going to be here?
Who did Tom think was going to do that for Mary?
Who did Tom think was going to do that for him?
Who did Tom think was going to do that?
Who did Tom think was going to drive him to the airport?
Who did Tom think was going to help him with his homework?
Who did Tom think was going to meet Mary?
Who did Tom think was going to meet him at the airport?
Who did Tom think was going to meet him?
Who did Tom think was going to win the race?
Who did Tom think was going to win?
Who did Tom think would be here?
Who did Tom think would cook dinner for him?
Who did Tom think would do that for Mary?
Who did Tom think would do that for him?
Who did Tom think would do that?
Who did Tom think would help Mary?
Who did Tom think would help him?
Who did Tom think would lend him an umbrella?
Who did Tom think would pay his bills for him?
Who did Tom think would want to do that?
Who did Tom think would want to go there with Mary?
Who did Tom think would want to go there with him?
Who did Tom think would want to stay for another three hours?
Who did Tom visit in Australia?
Who did Tom visit in Boston?
Who did Tom visit?
Who did Tom vote for?
Who did Tom want to do that with?
Who did Tom want to fire?
Who did Tom want to go hiking with?
Who did Tom want to go sailing with?
Who did Tom want to go to Australia with?
Who did Tom want to go to Boston with?
Who did Tom want to hire?
Who did Tom want to stay with?
Who did Tom want to take to the dance?
Who did Tom want to talk to?
Who did William Wallace defeat?
Who did all this for you?
Who did all this?
Who did do it?
Who did harm to Tom?
Who did he call?
Who did he get married to?
Who did he have in mind?
Who did he know? Maybe it was him.
Who did he marry?
Who did he see?
Who did it to Tom?
Who did it?
Who did my dog bite?
Who did not hear about Yidir.
Who did not know, will eventually know.
Who did not make a mistake.
Who did she have in mind?
Who did she marry?
Who did she think about?
Who did she think he was?
Who did that belong to?
Who did that for you?
Who did that to Tom?
Who did that to you?
Who did that with Tom?
Who did that with you?
Who did that yesterday?
Who did that, Tom or Mary?
Who did that?
Who did that? Spit it out!
Who did that? Tom or Vladimir?
Who did the autopsy?
Who did the decorating?
Who did the dubbing for the male lead?
Who did the research for this article?
Who did the survey?
Who did the voice dubbing for the male lead?
Who did they choose?
Who did they come with?
Who did they help?
Who did they see?
Who did they speak with?
Who did they survey?
Who did this first?
Who did this for me?
Who did this for you?
Who did this to Tom?
Who did this to me?
Who did this to you?
Who did this?
Who did what?
Who did write the two letters?
Who did you and Tom work for?
Who did you ask for help?
Who did you ask to help you do that?
Who did you ask?
Who did you borrow this book from?
Who did you bring the flowers to?
Who did you bring with you tonight?
Who did you bring with you?
Who did you buy that from?
Who did you buy that hat for?
Who did you buy that umbrella for?
Who did you buy these flowers for?
Who did you buy this car for?
Who did you buy this for?
Who did you buy those flowers for?
Who did you buy those glasses for?
Who did you call?
Who did you choose?
Who did you climb Mt. Fuji with?
Who did you come to see, boy?
Who did you come to see?
Who did you come with?
Who did you confide in?
Who did you do that for?
Who did you do that with?
Who did you eat lunch with?
Who did you end up doing that with?
Who did you expect to win?
Who did you expect?
Who did you get it from?
Who did you get that from?
Who did you get these flowers from?
Who did you get this bouquet from?
Who did you get this from?
Who did you get this recipe from?
Who did you get those flowers from?
Who did you give it to?
Who did you give my book to?
Who did you give my phone number to?
Who did you give that to?
Who did you give the book to?
Who did you give the flowers to?
Who did you give the house keys to?
Who did you give your old computer to?
Who did you give your phone to?
Who did you go bowling with?
Who did you go camping with last weekend?
Who did you go camping with?
Who did you go fishing with?
Who did you go hiking with last weekend?
Who did you go hiking with?
Who did you go ice skating with?
Who did you go into business with for your shop?
Who did you go out with last weekend?
Who did you go roller skating with?
Who did you go shopping with?
Who did you go skating with?
Who did you go skiing with?
Who did you go surfing with?
Who did you go swimming with?
Who did you go there with?
Who did you go to Australia with?
Who did you go to Boston with?
Who did you go to the beach with?
Who did you go to the dance with?
Who did you go to the lake with?
Who did you go to visit in Australia?
Who did you go with?
Who did you guys write a letter to?
Who did you hang out with last weekend?
Who did you have in mind when you made those remarks?
Who did you have in mind?
Who did you have lunch with?
Who did you hear it from?
Who did you hear that from?
Who did you hear that rumor from?
Who did you hear that rumour from?
Who did you hear this news from?
Who did you help first?
Who did you help?
Who did you hire?
Who did you inherit such beauty from?
Who did you interview?
Who did you invite do dinner?
Who did you invite to dinner?
Who did you invite to the party?
Who did you invite to your birthday party?
Who did you invite?
Who did you just call?
Who did you kill?
Who did you kiss?
Who did you learn French from?
Who did you learn how to do that from?
Who did you learn it from?
Who did you learn that from?
Who did you leave behind?
Who did you leave your kids with?
Who did you like best?
Who did you like the most?
Who did you loan your bike to?
Who did you look at?
Who did you make a bet with?
Who did you make these for?
Who did you make this for?
Who did you marry?
Who did you meet there?
Who did you meet?
Who did you offend?
Who did you play tennis with?
Who did you receive that book from?
Who did you receive that from?
Who did you receive this flower from?
Who did you remarry?
Who did you replace Donald with?
Who did you rescue?
Who did you say called me?
Who did you say that to?
Who did you see at the party yesterday?
Who did you see at the station?
Who did you see at the theater?
Who did you see at the theatre?
Who did you see doing that?
Who did you see eating with Tom?
Who did you see first?
Who did you see in the park this morning?
Who did you see in the park?
Who did you see on the road?
Who did you see steal it?
Who did you see there?
Who did you see?
Who did you sell it to?
Who did you send roses to?
Who did you send the last message to?
Who did you send the message about Tom to?
Who did you speak with?
Who did you spend the night with last night?
Who did you stay with?
Who did you study with last night?
Who did you swim with today?
Who did you swim with?
Who did you take water to?
Who did you talk to first?
Who did you talk to?
Who did you talk with?
Who did you tell?
Who did you think I was?
Who did you think Tom would invite to his party?
Who did you think about?
Who did you think it was?
Who did you think we were?
Who did you think would be here today?
Who did you think would do something like this?
Who did you think would do that?
Who did you translate this for?
Who did you visit in Australia?
Who did you visit in Boston?
Who did you visit yesterday afternoon?
Who did you visit yesterday?
Who did you visit?
Who did you vote for and where do you live?
Who did you vote for in the election?
Who did you vote for?
Who did you want to dance with?
Who did you want to do that with?
Who did you want to do that?
Who did you want to go to the dance with?
Who did you want to go to the party with?
Who did you want to go with?
Who did you want to hire?
Who did you want to hug?
Who did you want to kiss?
Who did you want to talk to?
Who did you wink at?
Who did you write a letter to?
Who did you write the letter to?
Who did you write this letter for?
Who did your hair?
Who didn't accept?
Who didn't come?
Who didn't know that?
Who didn't see this coming?
Who didn't write his name?
Who didn't write their name?
Who died and made you king?
Who died?
Who dines at this club on Christmas but lonely bachelors?
Who directed that film?
Who directed this film?
Who directed this movie?
Who dirtied it?
Who disagreed with you?
Who disagreed?
Who disagrees with us?
Who disagrees?
Who disconnected the router?
Who discovered America first?
Who discovered America?
Who discovered Brazil?
Who discovered electricity?
Who discovered radium?
Who discovered the cure for that disease?
Who discovered the island?
Who discovered this medicine?
Who discussed that with Tom?
Who do I call if my car has been broken into?
Who do I have to be?
Who do I have to do that with?
Who do I have to pay?
Who do I have to thank?
Who do I hear whistling?
Who do I live for?
Who do I look like?
Who do I need to ask for permission?
Who do I pay?
Who do I report to?
Who do I talk to if I have questions?
Who do I think I am? Just a work in progress.
Who do Muslims pray to?
Who do Tom and Mary do that with?
Who do Tom and Mary hang out with?
Who do Tom and Mary have to do that with?
Who do Tom and Mary need to do that with?
Who do Tom and Mary plan on doing that with?
Who do Tom and Mary plan on going with?
Who do Tom and Mary plan on staying with in Boston?
Who do Tom and Mary plan on staying with?
Who do Tom and Mary plan to do that with?
Who do Tom and Mary plan to go with?
Who do Tom and Mary plan to stay with in Boston?
Who do Tom and Mary plan to stay with?
Who do Tom and Mary remind you of?
Who do Tom and Mary sing with?
Who do Tom and Mary think did that?
Who do Tom and Mary think is going to be there?
Who do Tom and Mary think is going to do that?
Who do Tom and Mary think is going to help them?
Who do Tom and Mary think is going to pay for all this?
Who do Tom and Mary think is going to win?
Who do Tom and Mary think should do that?
Who do Tom and Mary think will do that?
Who do Tom and Mary think will help us?
Who do Tom and Mary think will win?
Who do Tom and Mary usually do that with?
Who do Tom and Mary usually eat with?
Who do Tom and Mary usually go sailing with?
Who do Tom and Mary usually go shopping with?
Who do Tom and Mary usually go skiing with?
Who do Tom and Mary usually go surfing with?
Who do Tom and Mary usually go swimming with?
Who do Tom and Mary want to do that with?
Who do Tom and Mary want to go to Boston with?
Who do Tom and Mary want to hire?
Who do Tom and Mary want to sing with?
Who do Tom and Mary want to talk to?
Who do Tom and Mary work for?
Who do the keys belong to?
Who do these boys belong to?
Who do these girls belong to?
Who do these keys belong to?
Who do these new houses belong to?
Who do these shoes belong to?
Who do they belong to?
Who do they think it is?
Who do they think they are?
Who do they think they're kidding?
Who do they want to speak to?
Who do they want to talk to?
Who do they want to vote for?
Who do think we should ask, Tom or Mary?
Who do we blame?
Who do we have to convince?
Who do we have to do that with?
Who do we have to invite?
Who do we need to ask for permission to do that?
Who do we need to do that with?
Who do we owe money to?
Who do we owe that to?
Who do we see about that?
Who do we see next?
Who do you admire most?
Who do you admire?
Who do you agree with, Mr. Burns or Mr. Roland?
Who do you always do that with?
Who do you ask about?
Who do you believe is the most capable?
Who do you believe, Tom or me?
Who do you believe?
Who do you blame for this?
Who do you blame?
Who do you choose, him or her?
Who do you eat with?
Who do you expect to get Christmas presents from?
Who do you expect to receive Christmas presents from this year?
Who do you expect to receive Christmas presents from?
Who do you feel connected to?
Who do you go to the library with?
Who do you go to the movies with?
Who do you guys work for?
Who do you have in mind?
Who do you have in there?
Who do you have the present for?
Who do you have to do that with?
Who do you intend to ask for help?
Who do you intend to call?
Who do you intend to do that with?
Who do you intend to travel to Australia with?
Who do you intend to travel to Boston with?
Who do you know at the Boston Police Department?
Who do you know here?
Who do you know in Australia?
Who do you know in Boston?
Who do you know in Germany?
Who do you know in this town?
Who do you know there?
Who do you like better, Akiko or Sachiko?
Who do you like better, Sachiko or Akiko?
Who do you like better, Tom or Mary?
Who do you like better, your mom or your dad?
Who do you like more?
Who do you like more? Tom, or Vladimir?
Who do you like the most?
Who do you like to spend holidays with?
Who do you like to spend weekends with?
Who do you like to spend your free time with?
Who do you like us to forgive?
Who do you like us to travel with?
Who do you like?
Who do you live with?
Who do you look up to?
Who do you love more than anybody else?
Who do you love more, Paul or Mark?
Who do you love more, your mom or your dad?
Who do you love more, your mum or your dad?
Who do you love more?
Who do you love?
Who do you mean?
Who do you most admire?
Who do you need to do that with?
Who do you plan on doing that with?
Who do you plan on going with?
Who do you plan on staying with in Australia?
Who do you plan on staying with in Boston?
Who do you plan on staying with?
Who do you plan to ask for advice?
Who do you plan to do that with?
Who do you plan to eat dinner with?
Who do you plan to go swimming with?
Who do you plan to go to Australia with?
Who do you plan to go to Boston with?
Who do you plan to go with?
Who do you plan to invite to your wedding?
Who do you plan to spend Christmas with?
Who do you plan to stay with in Australia?
Who do you plan to stay with in Boston?
Who do you plan to stay with?
Who do you plan to visit in Australia?
Who do you plan to visit in Boston?
Who do you play basketball with?
Who do you play tennis with?
Who do you prefer? Tom, or me?
Who do you really work for?
Who do you remember?
Who do you respect the most?
Who do you say called me?
Who do you see?
Who do you seek here?
Who do you sit next to in French class?
Who do you speak to?
Who do you speak with the most often in your family?
Who do you speak with?
Who do you speaks French better, you or Tom?
Who do you spend most of your free time with?
Who do you spend the most time with in your family?
Who do you spend the most time with?
Who do you stay with?
Who do you suggest we talk to?
Who do you support?
Who do you suppose that was?
Who do you suppose they are?
Who do you suspect stole your wallet?
Who do you suspect?
Who do you take me for?
Who do you talk to?
Who do you talk with?
Who do you think I am?
Who do you think I ran into today?
Who do you think I should ask?
Who do you think Tom and Mary want to do that with?
Who do you think Tom and Mary want to give that to?
Who do you think Tom called?
Who do you think Tom wants to do that with?
Who do you think Tom wants to give that to?
Who do you think Tom will ask to the prom?
Who do you think Tom will suggest?
Who do you think Trump sold the nuclear secrets to?
Who do you think asked me to give this to you?
Who do you think asked me to give you this?
Who do you think broke the window?
Who do you think came to see me yesterday?
Who do you think can fix this?
Who do you think can help me do that?
Who do you think can help me?
Who do you think can help us?
Who do you think can tell us the answer?
Who do you think did it?
Who do you think did that?
Who do you think did this?
Who do you think gave me this?
Who do you think goes there?
Who do you think he is?
Who do you think helped Tom?
Who do you think helped her?
Who do you think helped him?
Who do you think helped me?
Who do you think helped them?
Who do you think helped us?
Who do you think hugged Mary?
Who do you think is a better French speaker, Tom or Mary?
Who do you think is a better cook, you or Tom?
Who do you think is a better cook, you or your mother?
Who do you think is a better driver, your mother or your father?
Who do you think is better at French, you or Tom?
Who do you think is better at tennis, Tom or Mary?
Who do you think is cuter, Mary or Alice?
Who do you think is familiar with this matter?
Who do you think is going to be the next president of the United States?
Who do you think is going to do that?
Who do you think is going to get married next?
Who do you think is going to move into the house next door?
Who do you think is going to sing?
Who do you think is going to win the game?
Who do you think is going to win the match?
Who do you think is going to win the race?
Who do you think is going to win?
Who do you think is guilty?
Who do you think is most likely to win the race?
Who do you think is older, Tom or Mary?
Who do you think is smarter, Tom or Mary?
Who do you think is the G.O.A.T. of tennis?
Who do you think is the GOAT of tennis?
Who do you think is the best French speaker here?
Who do you think is the best French speaker in your class?
Who do you think is the best centre in the NBA?
Who do you think is the best coach in the NFL?
Who do you think is the best singer in your class?
Who do you think is the best student in your class?
Who do you think is the coolest out of these?
Who do you think is the most beautiful girl in your class?
Who do you think is the most capable?
Who do you think is the most interesting teacher at this school?
Who do you think is the most likely to succeed?
Who do you think is the smartest kid in your class?
Who do you think is the tennis G.O.A.T.?
Who do you think is the tennis GOAT?
Who do you think is the writer of this novel?
Who do you think is to blame?
Who do you think is wrong?
Who do you think is younger, Tom or Mary?
Who do you think it is?
Who do you think it was?
Who do you think killed Tom?
Who do you think killed her?
Who do you think killed him?
Who do you think killed them?
Who do you think knows you the best?
Who do you think made that mistake?
Who do you think made the mistake?
Who do you think needs to do that?
Who do you think of when you are listening to love songs?
Who do you think she is?
Who do you think she lives with?
Who do you think should do that?
Who do you think should get the job?
Who do you think speaks French better, Tom or Mary?
Who do you think speaks French more fluently, Tom or Mary?
Who do you think stole your wallet?
Who do you think that Tom wants to give that to?
Who do you think that could be?
Who do you think that girl is?
Who do you think that guy is?
Who do you think that is?
Who do you think that man is?
Who do you think that might be?
Who do you think that that man is?
Who do you think the author of this novel is?
Who do you think the murderer is?
Who do you think they are?
Who do you think they picked?
Who do you think they were, Tom?
Who do you think they were?
Who do you think this hat belongs to?
Who do you think those people are?
Who do you think told Tom?
Who do you think told her?
Who do you think told him?
Who do you think told them?
Who do you think was more surprised, Tom or Mary?
Who do you think was there?
Who do you think was watching TV in this room last night?
Who do you think we are?
Who do you think we should ask to help us?
Who do you think we should hire?
Who do you think we're dealing with?
Who do you think will be able to help us?
Who do you think will be at the meeting today?
Who do you think will be chosen?
Who do you think will be driving?
Who do you think will be elected president of the USA?
Who do you think will be the first one in our class to get married?
Who do you think will be the next person to walk through that door?
Who do you think will come first?
Who do you think will do that?
Who do you think will eat lunch with us?
Who do you think will get the gold medal?
Who do you think will help us?
Who do you think will know the answer?
Who do you think will represent the United Kingdom at the forthcoming Eurovision Song Contest?
Who do you think will score the first goal tonight?
Who do you think will take over the company?
Who do you think will testify?
Who do you think will win the FIFA World Cup?
Who do you think will win the election?
Who do you think will win the game?
Who do you think will win the gold medal?
Who do you think will win the next U.S. presidential election?
Who do you think will win the quarter-final?
Who do you think will win the race?
Who do you think will win the tennis title this year?
Who do you think will win the tournament?
Who do you think will win this year's Super Bowl?
Who do you think will win this year’s Super Bowl?
Who do you think will win today's competition?
Who do you think will win, Tom or Mary?
Who do you think will win?
Who do you think won?
Who do you think would be best?
Who do you think would be the best person for the job?
Who do you think would do such a thing?
Who do you think would do that for us?
Who do you think would help us?
Who do you think would steal from me?
Who do you think wrote that graffiti on the wall?
Who do you think wrote this note?
Who do you think wrote this?
Who do you think you are that I should answer to you?
Who do you think you are to assume someone’s worth?
Who do you think you are to be grinning like that?
Who do you think you are to define my worth?
Who do you think you are to judge me?
Who do you think you are to judge others?
Who do you think you are to label people based on appearances?
Who do you think you are to question my choices?
Who do you think you are to snap at me? I'm not a dog.
Who do you think you are to speak on behalf of all?
Who do you think you are to speak to me that way?
Who do you think you are, claiming all the credit?
Who do you think you are, giggling like that?
Who do you think you are, my wife?
Who do you think you are, to look at me like this?
Who do you think you are?
Who do you think you are? My wife?
Who do you think you're fooling?
Who do you think you're fooling? Stop fooling yourself.
Who do you think you're kidding?
Who do you think you're talking to here?
Who do you think you're talking to?
Who do you think'll be at the party?
Who do you think'll win?
Who do you think's going to win?
Who do you think's wrong?
Who do you trust more, Tom or Mary?
Who do you trust more?
Who do you trust most in this life?
Who do you trust most?
Who do you trust when the police are involved?
Who do you trust?
Who do you usually do that with?
Who do you usually eat lunch with?
Who do you usually eat with?
Who do you usually go bowling with?
Who do you usually go camping with?
Who do you usually go drinking with?
Who do you usually go fishing with?
Who do you usually go hiking with?
Who do you usually go sailing with?
Who do you usually go shopping with?
Who do you usually go skiing with?
Who do you usually go surfing with?
Who do you usually go swimming with?
Who do you usually go to the movies with?
Who do you usually hang out with?
Who do you usually have lunch with?
Who do you usually play badminton with?
Who do you usually play golf with?
Who do you usually study with?
Who do you usually swim with?
Who do you usually vote for?
Who do you usually work with?
Who do you want him to go with?
Who do you want me to bet for?
Who do you want me to give this to?
Who do you want me to go with?
Who do you want me to look for?
Who do you want me to speak for?
Who do you want on your team?
Who do you want to collaborate with?
Who do you want to dance with first?
Who do you want to do that with?
Who do you want to do this with?
Who do you want to exclude from the will?
Who do you want to go to Australia with?
Who do you want to go to Boston with?
Who do you want to help us?
Who do you want to help you?
Who do you want to pass this good news along to?
Who do you want to play with?
Who do you want to see?
Who do you want to sit with?
Who do you want to speak to?
Who do you want to talk to first?
Who do you want to talk to?
Who do you want to travel with?
Who do you want to win?
Who do you want working for you?
Who do you want?
Who do you wish to see?
Who do you wish to speak to?
Who do you work for?
Who do you work out with?
Who does Mary think is going to help her?
Who does Mary work with?
Who does Tom do that with?
Who does Tom eat with?
Who does Tom hang around with?
Who does Tom hang out with?
Who does Tom have to do that with?
Who does Tom know?
Who does Tom like?
Who does Tom live with?
Who does Tom look like?
Who does Tom need to do that with?
Who does Tom pal around with?
Who does Tom plan on doing that with?
Who does Tom plan on going with?
Who does Tom plan on staying with in Australia?
Who does Tom plan on staying with in Boston?
Who does Tom plan on staying with?
Who does Tom plan to do that with?
Who does Tom plan to go swimming with?
Who does Tom plan to go with?
Who does Tom plan to stay with in Australia?
Who does Tom plan to stay with in Boston?
Who does Tom plan to stay with?
Who does Tom plan to take to the dance?
Who does Tom play?
Who does Tom rely on the most?
Who does Tom remind you of?
Who does Tom sing with?
Who does Tom think did that?
Who does Tom think did this?
Who does Tom think he is anyway?
Who does Tom think he is, anyway?
Who does Tom think he is?
Who does Tom think he's kidding?
Who does Tom think he's talking to?
Who does Tom think is going to be there?
Who does Tom think is going to do that?
Who does Tom think is going to help Mary?
Who does Tom think is going to help him?
Who does Tom think is going to like that?
Who does Tom think is going to pay for all this?
Who does Tom think is going to win?
Who does Tom think should do that?
Who does Tom think will do that?
Who does Tom think will help us?
Who does Tom think will win?
Who does Tom usually do that with?
Who does Tom usually eat with?
Who does Tom usually go camping with?
Who does Tom usually go fishing with?
Who does Tom usually go hiking with?
Who does Tom usually go jogging with?
Who does Tom usually go sailing with?
Who does Tom usually go shopping with?
Who does Tom usually go skiing with?
Who does Tom usually go surfing with?
Who does Tom usually go swimming with?
Who does Tom usually play chess with?
Who does Tom usually play poker with?
Who does Tom usually sing with?
Who does Tom usually study with?
Who does Tom want to do that with?
Who does Tom want to go to Australia with?
Who does Tom want to go to Boston with?
Who does Tom want to go to the prom with?
Who does Tom want to hire?
Who does Tom want to sing with?
Who does Tom want to stay with?
Who does Tom want to take to the dance?
Who does Tom want to talk to?
Who does Tom work for?
Who does Tom work with?
Who does Tony like?
Who does Toshio like?
Who does a thing like that?
Who does a thing like this?
Who does all this land belong to?
Who does he look like now?
Who does he look like?
Who does he love?
Who does he play tennis with?
Who does he play with?
Who does he say he is?
Who does he think he is?
Who does he think he is? He thinks more highly of himself than he should.
Who does he want to talk with?
Who does he work for?
Who does it belong to?
Who does not admire Tom?
Who does not have two-thirds of his day for himself, is a slave.
Who does not know the fable of the cicada and the ant?
Who does not like playing football?
Who does not repent of one fault commits another.
Who does not study, will not learn.
Who does not work, also does not have the right to eat.
Who does she get that from?
Who does she live with?
Who does she think she is?
Who does she think that she is?
Who does she work for?
Who does she work with?
Who does something like that?
Who does something like this?
Who does that Mary think she is, anyway?
Who does that any more?
Who does that anymore?
Who does that belong to?
Who does that bloke think he is?
Who does that car belong to?
Who does that guy think he is?
Who does that leave?
Who does that other thing belong to?
Who does that remind you of?
Who does that with you?
Who does that?
Who does the baby take after?
Who does the bell toll for?
Who does the book belong to?
Who does the car belong to when the owner dies?
Who does the cooking at your house?
Who does the cooking in your home?
Who does the dog belong to?
Who does the gun belong to?
Who does the moon belong to?
Who does the new car belong to?
Who does the suitcase belong to?
Who does this apartment belong to?
Who does this ball belong to?
Who does this beautiful house belong to?
Who does this belong to?
Who does this bicycle belong to?
Who does this book belong to?
Who does this camera belong to?
Who does this car belong to?
Who does this dictionary belong to?
Who does this dog belong to?
Who does this dress belong to?
Who does this flat belong to?
Who does this guitar belong to?
Who does this gun belong to?
Who does this guy think he is?
Who does this hat belong to?
Who does this house belong to?
Who does this jacket belong to?
Who does this land belong to?
Who does this lorry belong to?
Who does this motorcycle belong to?
Who does this necklace belong to?
Who does this one belong to?
Who does this remind you of?
Who does this ring belong to?
Who does this serve?
Who does this song belong to?
Who does this suitcase belong to?
Who does this suitcase here belong to?
Who does this umbrella belong to?
Who does want change?
Who does what, where, and why?
Who does your decorating?
Who does your laundry for you?
Who does your sister take after?
Who doesn't admire Tom?
Who doesn't admire her?
Who doesn't admire him?
Who doesn't admire them?
Who doesn't agree?
Who doesn't care about money?
Who doesn't come, doesn't disturb.
Who doesn't curve the spine he claims his existence.
Who doesn't do that occasionally?
Who doesn't do that?
Who doesn't feel well?
Who doesn't have a ticket here?
Who doesn't have anything to do?
Who doesn't have problems?
Who doesn't hope for peace and security?
Who doesn't know a saying as common as that?
Who doesn't know it?
Who doesn't know some Spanish?
Who doesn't know such a common saying?
Who doesn't know such a simple proverb?
Who doesn't know that if there's someone who loves showing off, it's him?
Who doesn't know that?
Who doesn't know the problem!
Who doesn't know this problem?!
Who doesn't know what gravity is?
Who doesn't know what this is?
Who doesn't know?
Who doesn't like Bollywood movies?
Who doesn't like Christmas?
Who doesn't like a good movie?
Who doesn't like free stuff?
Who doesn't like fruit?
Who doesn't like getting things for free?
Who doesn't like having their back scratched?
Who doesn't like that?
Who doesn't like the beach?
Who doesn't like the smell of bananas?
Who doesn't like the sound of that?
Who doesn't like to go outside and be in touch with nature?
Who doesn't like to win?
Who doesn't like vacations?
Who doesn't love Algeria?
Who doesn't love Mahatma Gandhi?
Who doesn't love Tom?
Who doesn't love a British accent?
Who doesn't love a rebel?
Who doesn't love her?
Who doesn't love the King of Spain?
Who doesn't love walls?
Who doesn't sometimes wish they could turn back time?
Who doesn't think so?
Who doesn't value the penny isn't worth the dollar.
Who doesn't want love and affection?
Who doesn't want to be a millionaire?
Who doesn't want to be happy in life?
Who doesn't want to be rich?
Who doesn't want to go on a holiday to Algeria?
Who doesn't want to look young and sexy?
Who doesn't want to win?
Who doesn't want to work?
Who doesn't write love letters?
Who doesn’t hope for peace and security?
Who doesn’t know it?
Who doesn’t know such a common saying?
Who doesn’t know such a simple proverb?
Who doesn’t know this problem?!
Who doesn’t know?
Who doesn’t love a rebel?
Who doesn’t love her?
Who doesn’t think so?
Who don't you know here?
Who drank all the beer?
Who drank all the juice?
Who drank all the milk?
Who drank all the wine?
Who drank from my cup?
Who drank from my glass?
Who drank my beer?
Who drank my coffee?
Who drank the water?
Who dreams up these surveys?
Who drew it?
Who drew that?
Who drew the curtains?
Who drew this character?
Who drew this picture?
Who drives better, your father or your mother?
Who drove Sami's pick-up truck?
Who drove Tom home?
Who drove here today?
Who drove you here?
Who drove you home?
Who drove?
Who dug this hole?
Who earns less money, teachers or nurses?
Who eats bees?
Who eats bugs?
Who eats more, you or Tom?
Who eats the most in your family?
Who elected you?
Who else agrees with me?
Who else are we talking about?
Who else ate with you?
Who else came to Australia with you?
Who else came to Boston with you?
Who else came to the party?
Who else came to your party?
Who else came with you?
Who else can answer my question?
Who else can't come?
Who else could do it?
Who else could have done it?
Who else could have done that?
Who else could have done this?
Who else could it be?
Who else could've done it?
Who else could've done that?
Who else could've done this?
Who else did Tom attack?
Who else did Tom help?
Who else did Tom hit?
Who else did Tom hug?
Who else did Tom kiss?
Who else did Tom talk to?
Who else did that with Tom?
Who else did that with you?
Who else did that?
Who else did you give money to?
Who else did you help?
Who else did you hit?
Who else did you see?
Who else did you talk to?
Who else did you tell?
Who else didn't do that?
Who else disagrees?
Who else do Tom and Mary work with?
Who else do we have on our team?
Who else do you have to talk to?
Who else do you know here?
Who else do you know in Australia?
Who else do you know in Boston?
Who else do you know that can speak French?
Who else do you know who can speak French?
Who else do you miss?
Who else do you need to talk to?
Who else do you plan to invite?
Who else do you plan to tell?
Who else do you want in your team?
Who else do you want on your team?
Who else do you want to give a present to?
Who else do you want to invite to our wedding?
Who else do you want to invite to the party?
Who else do you want to invite to your party?
Who else do you want to talk to?
Who else do you want to visit?
Who else does Tom work with?
Who else does this?
Who else gave you money?
Who else got hurt?
Who else got injured?
Who else has a key?
Who else has a question?
Who else has helped you?
Who else has problems with Tom?
Who else hates Tom?
Who else have you asked?
Who else helped you?
Who else here can speak French?
Who else here is a Canadian?
Who else here is a vegetarian?
Who else hugged Tom?
Who else in Australia do you know?
Who else in Boston do you know?
Who else in Sami's life would want him dead?
Who else in your family speaks Toki Pona?
Who else is at home?
Who else is coming with us?
Who else is coming?
Who else is down there?
Who else is going to be at the party?
Who else is going to be on the show?
Who else is going to be there?
Who else is going with us?
Who else is gone today?
Who else is here?
Who else is in favor?
Who else is in there?
Who else is in this club?
Who else is living here?
Who else is on that list?
Who else is on the list?
Who else is on the team?
Who else is on your list?
Who else is out there?
Who else is there with you?
Who else is there?
Who else is with you?
Who else knew about Tom?
Who else knew about her?
Who else knew about him?
Who else knew about it?
Who else knew about me?
Who else knew about that?
Who else knew about them?
Who else knew you were here?
Who else knew?
Who else knows I'm here?
Who else knows about it apart from Tom?
Who else knows about it?
Who else knows about this place?
Who else knows about this?
Who else knows about your secret?
Who else knows how to do this?
Who else knows that I'm here?
Who else knows that your house is haunted?
Who else knows the answer?
Who else knows you're here?
Who else knows your house is haunted?
Who else knows?
Who else lives here?
Who else lives in this house?
Who else might it have been?
Who else might've done it?
Who else might've done that?
Who else sat in the front?
Who else saw Tom stealing in the supermarket?
Who else saw you?
Who else should I ask?
Who else should I invite?
Who else should I talk to?
Who else should do it but Tom?
Who else should we invite to our wedding?
Who else spoke French?
Who else thinks so?
Who else uses Tatoeba in your office?
Who else uses it?
Who else uses them?
Who else uses this room?
Who else waited for Tom?
Who else waited with Tom?
Who else wants seconds?
Who else wants to do this?
Who else wants to go to the zoo?
Who else wants to take a dump?
Who else was at Tom's party?
Who else was at the meeting?
Who else was at the party?
Who else was here?
Who else was in here?
Who else was in the house?
Who else was involved in that scheme?
Who else was involved in the accident?
Who else was involved in the arson?
Who else was involved in the attack?
Who else was involved in the bombing?
Who else was involved in the decision?
Who else was involved in the fight?
Who else was involved in the fraud?
Who else was involved in the incident?
Who else was involved in the kidnapping?
Who else was involved in the murder?
Who else was involved in the robbery?
Who else was involved in the scam?
Who else was involved in the shooting?
Who else was present?
Who else was staying there?
Who else was there apart from Tom?
Who else was there?
Who else was with you?
Who else went camping with you?
Who else went to Australia with Tom?
Who else went to Australia with you?
Who else went to Boston with Tom?
Who else went to Boston with you?
Who else went with Tom?
Who else went with you?
Who else will be doing that?
Who else will be eating with us?
Who else will be there?
Who else will go?
Who else will you invite to your party?
Who else will you see in Australia?
Who else will you see in Boston?
Who else witnessed the accident?
Who else would do something like that?
Who else would have access to Alberto's house?
Who else would have done it?
Who else would have done that?
Who else would want to do that?
Who else would want to see Tom dead?
Who else would you like to blame?
Who else would you like to meet?
Who else would've done it?
Who else would've done that?
Who else, other than you, knows about Tom's past?
Who else?
Who encouraged you to become a Muslim?
Who ended up paying the bill?
Who escaped?
Who established the rule that only males and females can mate?
Who even are you?
Who even believes that kind of thing?
Who even believes that stuff?
Who ever can it be?
Who ever cares ?
Who ever said anything about stopping Tom?
Who exactly are the poor in spirit?
Who exactly are they?
Who exactly are you? And why have you come to see me?
Who exactly do you want to talk to?
Who exactly do you work for?
Who exactly is Russian in Ukraine?
Who exactly is Tom?
Who exactly is Yanni?
Who exactly is a Jew and who isn't?
Who exactly is at risk?
Who exactly is going?
Who exactly is responsible?
Who exactly is that guy?
Who exactly were they?
Who examined Tom?
Who excels in studies can follow an official career.
Who farted?
Who farted? Ugh... It's you, Kalman!
Who fears the truth?
Who fears war should bring about peace.
Who feeds the dog?
Who feels the other feeling?
Who fell?
Who felled that tree?
Who filed the complaint?
Who filmed this?
Who finances the Islamic State?
Who finds a friend, finds a treasure.
Who fired Tom?
Who fired first?
Who fired the gun?
Who fired the shot?
Who first discovered Uranus?
Who first reached the summit of Mt. Everest?
Who first split the atom?
Who fixed the window?
Who fixed this?
Who fixed your car?
Who fixed your roof?
Who followed Tom?
Who fooled them?
Who forced Tom to do that?
Who forced Tom to eat a frog?
Who forced Tom to sing?
Who forced you to do that?
Who forced you to eat a mouse?
Who forgot to lift the toilet seat again?
Who found Tom?
Who found her?
Who found him?
Who found my bag?
Who found my missing book?
Who found my son?
Who found my wallet?
Who found the bodies?
Who found the body?
Who found the book I lost?
Who found the book that I had lost?
Who found them?
Who found this?
Who found you?
Who found your dog?
Who founded Algiers?
Who from Wales has crossed over the Atlantic and succeeded in America and Canada?
Who funds your project?
Who gains by the victim's death?
Who gains by the victim’s death?
Who gains from a long war?
Who gathered those flowers?
Who gave Greece so much money?
Who gave Tom a glass of wine?
Who gave Tom all that money?
Who gave Tom my address?
Who gave Tom my phone number?
Who gave Tom our address?
Who gave Tom permission to borrow my bicycle?
Who gave Tom permission to do it?
Who gave Tom permission to do that?
Who gave Tom permission to leave?
Who gave Tom so much money?
Who gave Tom that black eye?
Who gave Tom that money?
Who gave Tom that recipe book?
Who gave Tom that?
Who gave Tom those coins?
Who gave Ziri money?
Who gave all this stuff to you?
Who gave away the bride?
Who gave her all that money?
Who gave her my address?
Who gave her my phone number?
Who gave her so much money?
Who gave her that black eye?
Who gave her that money?
Who gave her that recipe book?
Who gave her those coins?
Who gave him all that money?
Who gave him my address?
Who gave him my phone number?
Who gave him so much money?
Who gave him that black eye?
Who gave him that money?
Who gave him that recipe book?
Who gave him the password?
Who gave him those coins?
Who gave it to Tom?
Who gave it to her?
Who gave it to him?
Who gave it to me?
Who gave it to them?
Who gave it to us?
Who gave it to you?
Who gave me a hand when I was in a bad way?
Who gave me all that money?
Who gave me the evil eye?
Who gave out the tickets?
Who gave that envelope to you?
Who gave that order?
Who gave that to Tom?
Who gave that to you?
Who gave the command?
Who gave the order to do it?
Who gave the order to fire?
Who gave the order?
Who gave the orders?
Who gave them all that money?
Who gave them to me?
Who gave them to you?
Who gave these books to you?
Who gave these flowers to you?
Who gave this child a reptile?
Who gave this list to you?
Who gave this to Tom?
Who gave this to her?
Who gave this to him?
Who gave this to them?
Who gave this to us?
Who gave this to you?
Who gave those flowers to you?
Who gave those to you?
Who gave us all that money?
Who gave you a name like that?
Who gave you a nickname like that?
Who gave you all that money?
Who gave you all this stuff?
Who gave you life?
Who gave you money?
Who gave you my number?
Who gave you my phone number?
Who gave you permission to come here?
Who gave you permission to do that?
Who gave you permission to do this?
Who gave you permission to give that to Tom?
Who gave you permission to talk to Ziri like that?
Who gave you permission?
Who gave you so much money?
Who gave you such a rough time, and where? I'll beat him black and blue for you.
Who gave you that black eye?
Who gave you that envelope?
Who gave you that guitar?
Who gave you that horse?
Who gave you that idea?
Who gave you that jacket?
Who gave you that naive piece of advice?
Who gave you that nickname?
Who gave you that package?
Who gave you that recipe book?
Who gave you that shirt?
Who gave you that task?
Who gave you that warrant?
Who gave you that?
Who gave you the money?
Who gave you the right to do such a thing?
Who gave you the right to judge?
Who gave you the right to talk like that?
Who gave you the ticket?
Who gave you these apples?
Who gave you these books?
Who gave you these flowers?
Who gave you these glasses?
Who gave you these sunglasses?
Who gave you these?
Who gave you this assignment?
Who gave you this book?
Who gave you this bruise?
Who gave you this car?
Who gave you this credit card?
Who gave you this document?
Who gave you this envelope?
Who gave you this idea?
Who gave you this information?
Who gave you this job?
Who gave you this list?
Who gave you this message?
Who gave you this money?
Who gave you this phone?
Who gave you this suitcase?
Who gave you this wallet?
Who gave you this watch?
Who gave you this?
Who gave you those flowers?
Who gave you those orders?
Who gave you those tickets?
Who gave you your nickname?
Who gets it?
Who gets this one?
Who gets to decide what's offensive?
Who gets to tell Tom?
Who gets to tell her?
Who gets to tell him?
Who gets to tell them?
Who gets up earlier, Tom or Mary?
Who gets up earlier, you or Tom?
Who gets up earlier, you or your mother?
Who gets up earlier, your mother or your father?
Who gets up first, your mother or your father?
Who gets up the earliest in your family?
Who gives a damn.
Who gives a fuck about them?
Who gives a fuck?
Who gives a shit?
Who gives his neck to the sword forfeits his claim to freedom.
Who gives something like that to a kid?
Who gives you the right to meddle in the lives of others?
Who goes first?
Who goes here?
Who goes there?
Who goes there? shouted the sergeant in a hoarse voice.
Who goes to the market?
Who goes where?
Who got here first?
Who got hurt?
Who got injured?
Who got it dirty?
Who got it?
Who got killed?
Who got knifed?
Who got married?
Who got murdered?
Who got nominated?
Who got punished?
Who got shot?
Who got the highest score?
Who got the money?
Who got there first?
Who got you in a bad mood?
Who guards the guard?
Who guided her through the jungle?
Who guided them through the jungle?
Who had a motive to kill Tom?
Who had injured her?
Who had injured them?
Who had injured you?
Who had the idea?
Who had the last doughnut?
Who had this idea?
Who had this ugly house built?
Who handles Tatoeba's money?
Who has Leon's phone?
Who has a better idea?
Who has a bigger brain, an elephant or a human?
Who has a fast computer?
Who has a key to this building?
Who has a key to this room?
Who has a key to your apartment?
Who has a key to your office?
Who has a key?
Who has a lightweight computer?
Who has a motive to kill Yanni?
Who has a portable computer?
Who has a problem with that?
Who has a question?
Who has a red colouring pencil?
Who has access to the office?
Who has been absent from school for three weeks?
Who has been eating all that lettuce?
Who has been in my room?
Who has been incarcerated?
Who has been shot?
Who has been telling the truth?
Who has been texting you?
Who has been the most influential person in your life?
Who has been using my towel?
Who has broken this?
Who has called?
Who has captured his heart?
Who has come to us this evening?
Who has come?
Who has eaten all the biscuits?
Who has eaten all the cookies?
Who has eaten the last biscuit?
Who has enough courage to ride a lion?
Who has enough daring to ride a lion?
Who has first go?
Who has found a lost dog?
Who has gone to their homes?
Who has heard of the War of 1812?
Who has helped them?
Who has impacted you most in your career?
Who has influenced you the most?
Who has initiated this?
Who has it affected?
Who has it now?
Who has it?
Who has keys to this castle?
Who has keys to this lock?
Who has leadership?
Who has left the door open?
Who has left the group?
Who has let Tom do it?
Who has lost an eraser?
Who has made you what you are now?
Who has more fans, Celine Dion or Mariah Carey?
Who has my wallet?
Who has no personality is not a human, but a thing.
Who has not heard of the submerged bells of Ys, and who has not heard them ring in the echoes of his own imagination?
Who has not made a mistake in his life?
Who has objections?
Who has read Richard Dawkins' book "The God Delusion"?
Who has read this book?
Who has seen Tom?
Who has seen this?
Who has spoken to you about me?
Who has taken my handbag?
Who has taken those apples?
Who has the ace of spades?
Who has the antidote?
Who has the ball?
Who has the courage to ride a lion?
Who has the courage to translate my sentences?
Who has the edge now?
Who has the gun?
Who has the key to this door?
Who has the key to this lock?
Who has the key?
Who has the keys to the flat?
Who has the keys?
Who has the lead role?
Who has the main role?
Who has the menus?
Who has the money?
Who has the original?
Who has the photos from the horse in Minsk?
Who has the power to do this?
Who has the rose?
Who has the sharp sword?
Who has the stone?
Who has the sword?
Who has the time for any of this?
Who has the white stone?
Who has time for that?
Who has time for this?
Who has time?
Who has to do that?
Who has to go to Australia?
Who has to go to Boston?
Who has torn the envelope open?
Who has words at the right moment?
Who has your passport?
Who has your passports?
Who hasn't been playing by the rules?
Who hasn't been there?
Who hasn't come?
Who hasn't done that yet?
Who hasn't done that?
Who hasn't dreamt of having their own personal chef?
Who hasn't got a ticket here?
Who hates you?
Who have I got to pay?
Who have I got to thank?
Who have I married?
Who have I offended now?
Who have said that it would happen like this to us.
Who have you been speaking to?
Who have you been talking to?
Who have you confided in?
Who have you got so far?
Who have you helped lately?
Who have you helped recently?
Who have you invited to dinner?
Who have you invited to your birthday party?
Who have you told so far?
Who heads up this organization?
Who hears music feels his solitude peopled at once.
Who helped Tom and Mary do that?
Who helped Tom do that?
Who helped Tom fill out this form?
Who helped Tom?
Who helped Ziri?
Who helped her?
Who helped him escape?
Who helped him?
Who helped the team the most?
Who helped them?
Who helped you decorate?
Who helped you do that?
Who helped you escape?
Who helped you install this new software on you computer?
Who helped you pay for your college education?
Who helped you?
Who helps Tom?
Who helps her?
Who helps him?
Who helps you raise your child?
Who helps you with the housework?
Who helps you with your housework?
Who helps your mother?
Who here doesn't know Tom?
Who here doesn't know how to do this?
Who here doesn't know what to do?
Who here has ever tasted a mangosteen?
Who here is the best French speaker?
Who here isn't busy right now?
Who here isn't from Australia?
Who here remembers Tom?
Who here understands French?
Who hid it?
Who hid my suspenders?
Who hired Tom?
Who hired Ziri?
Who hired her?
Who hired him?
Who hired them?
Who hired us?
Who hired you?
Who hit Tom?
Who hit Ziri?
Who hit her?
Who hit him?
Who hit the home run?
Who hit the most home runs?
Who hit you?
Who holds the purse, rules the house.
Who hops further, a frog or a rabbit?
Who hosts the website?
Who hugged Tom?
Who hugged him?
Who hugged you?
Who hung up the laundry?
Who hurt Tom?
Who hurt me?
Who hurt you?
Who hurt your son?
Who hurts his nose, also hurts his face.
Who illustrated this book?
Who in Washington cares about Algeria?
Who in the rainbow can draw the line where the violet tint ends and the orange tint begins?
Who in the rainbow can draw the line where the violet tint ends and the orange tint begins? Distinctly we see the difference of the colors, but where exactly does the one first blendingly enter into the other? So with sanity and insanity.
Who in the world can he be?
Who in the world did that?
Who in the world did this?
Who in the world do you think you are?
Who in the world has lived the longest? Frenchwoman Jeanne Calment, who died in 1997, reached the age of 122.
Who in the world is the fellow over there?
Who in the world lighted the candle?
Who in the world would want to kill Tom?
Who in their right mind would do such a thing?
Who in this class walks to school?
Who in this room is prepared to stand up for their rights?
Who in your class is the best singer?
Who in your class speaks French the most fluently?
Who in your family are you the most similar to?
Who in your family plays the piano?
Who infected who?
Who influences policies in Algeria?
Who influences your decisions most?
Who inherited the ring?
Who inspires you?
Who installed the new hard drive?
Who interrupted you?
Who intervened?
Who introduced the guitar in Kabyle music?
Who introduced you to Tom?
Who invented bifocals?
Who invented binoculars?
Who invented bureaucracy?
Who invented dynamite?
Who invented football?
Who invented glass?
Who invented glasses?
Who invented gunpowder?
Who invented it?
Who invented karaoke bars?
Who invented karaoke?
Who invented paper?
Who invented shoes?
Who invented soccer?
Who invented that?
Who invented the All-Powerful Sentence Deduplicating Horus?
Who invented the Dutch language? A drunk Englishman who tried to speak German.
Who invented the castanets?
Who invented the clipboard?
Who invented the first automobile?
Who invented the guillotine?
Who invented the hypertext transfer protocol?
Who invented the light bulb?
Who invented the news media?
Who invented the piano?
Who invented the radio?
Who invented the safety pin?
Who invented the telephone?
Who invented the theory of relativity?
Who invented the toaster oven?
Who invented the tram?
Who invented the typewriter?
Who invented this machine?
Who invented this strange machine?
Who invented this?
Who invented weekends?
Who invited Tom along?
Who invited Tom here?
Who invited Tom to the party?
Who invited Tom?
Who invited her to the party?
Who invited them?
Who invited you guys?
Who invited you here?
Who invited you lot?
Who invited you to Boston?
Who invited you to the party?
Who invited you?
Who is Abraham?
Who is Algeria's finance minister?
Who is Alvar Aalto?
Who is Anna's classmate?
Who is Dan talking to?
Who is Emily?
Who is God?
Who is Hai?
Who is Jesus Christ?
Who is José's classmate?
Who is Laurie?
Who is Marcus visiting?
Who is Marika?
Who is Mary flirting with?
Who is Mary hitting on?
Who is Mary laughing at?
Who is Mary travelling with?
Who is Mary?
Who is Minghui?
Who is Miss Universe 2015?
Who is Moses?
Who is Mouloud Mammeri?
Who is Mr. Bush?
Who is Mr. Owen?
Who is Muhammad?
Who is Muslim here?
Who is Pedro?
Who is Peter?
Who is Robin Hood?
Who is Rory?
Who is Sami's father?
Who is Schopenhauer?
Who is Tahmid?
Who is Tom Jackson?
Who is Tom afraid of?
Who is Tom anyway?
Who is Tom really?
Who is Tom running away from?
Who is Tom talking about?
Who is Tom talking to?
Who is Tom to you?
Who is Tom visiting?
Who is Tom walking with?
Who is Tom's girlfriend?
Who is Tom, anyway?
Who is Tom?
Who is Tom? One of your friends from school?
Who is Yanni dating?
Who is Yanni seeing?
Who is a Jew?
Who is a financial manager?
Who is able to explain this to me?
Who is able to reveal the mysteries of the sea?
Who is absent today?
Who is absent?
Who is acting as head?
Who is adorned with old age?
Who is ahead?
Who is allowed to vote?
Who is already awake?
Who is asking?
Who is at the bottom of these rumors?
Who is at the door?
Who is at your table?
Who is behind it?
Who is behind the plot?
Who is being exchanged with whom?
Who is being naughty?
Who is being noisy?
Who is being prosecuted?
Who is better able to run the bed-and-breakfast business than Mr. and Mrs. Jackson?
Who is better at French, Tom or Mary?
Who is better than you, the one with stars?
Who is blessed?
Who is born in Sweden is Swedish.
Who is born to be hanged will never be drowned.
Who is buying the almonds and who is buying the peaches?
Who is buying what?
Who is calling me at 2 a.m.?
Who is calling me at 2 in the morning?
Who is calling me?
Who is calling you?
Who is calling, please?
Who is calling?
Who is carrying the Algerian flag?
Who is chairing the meeting today?
Who is coming home?
Who is coming to lunch?
Who is coming to the party?
Who is coming to visit us?
Who is coming with me?
Who is coming?
Who is complaining?
Who is conducting the orchestra tonight?
Who is confused?
Who is content Needs fear no shame. Who knows to stop Incurs no blame. From danger free Long live shall he.
Who is currently the richest person in the world?
Who is dead?
Who is doing the washing up today?
Who is doing this shit?
Who is eating?
Who is entered in the race?
Who is entitled to free NHS dental treatment in England?
Who is essential for that?
Who is familiar with a book consisting of one page only?
Who is filming?
Who is funding the project?
Who is funding your project?
Who is going into the city tomorrow?
Who is going to be the first?
Who is going to believe that?
Who is going to care for him?
Who is going to carry the beer?
Who is going to clean this?
Who is going to coordinate our activity if we don't do it for ourselves?
Who is going to look after our dog?
Who is going to lose?
Who is going to narrate a tale this evening?
Who is going to pay for Tom?
Who is going to pay?
Who is going to pick up the tab for this?
Who is going to play tennis?
Who is going to play the part in your play?
Who is going to put and end to this strike?
Who is going to put this into English?
Who is going to replace Putin?
Who is going to sit in for you?
Who is going to speak tonight?
Who is going to the store?
Who is going to translate?
Who is going to try this case?
Who is going to win?
Who is guilty of telling the secret?
Who is happy?
Who is he and what's his name?
Who is he like?
Who is he looking for?
Who is he talking to?
Who is he to tell me what to do?
Who is he with?
Who is he?
Who is he? Do I know him?
Who is heavier, Ben or Mike?
Who is heavier, Tom or Mary?
Who is helping this customer?
Who is her best friend?
Who is her daughter among these girls?
Who is her father?
Who is her friend?
Who is her husband?
Who is hiding behind the curtain?
Who is hiding under the sheets?
Who is his father?
Who is his friend?
Who is holding the torch?
Who is hosting today's party?
Who is hungry?
Who is important to your life?
Who is in Iran?
Who is in Mary's way?
Who is in charge here?
Who is in charge of errands now?
Who is in charge of the office while the boss is away?
Who is in charge of this building?
Who is in charge?
Who is in control?
Who is in fault?
Who is in front of the door?
Who is in our room?
Who is in the house?
Who is in the kitchen?
Who is in the living room?
Who is in the lounge?
Who is in the other room?
Who is in the sitting room?
Who is in this room?
Who is it about?
Who is it again?
Who is it for?
Who is it gonna be?
Who is it that Tom and Mary want to talk to?
Who is it that Tom wants to talk to?
Who is it that is sleeping on my bed?
Who is it that you want to talk to?
Who is it that you're working for?
Who is it that you’re working for?
Who is it this time?
Who is it?
Who is knocking at my door?
Who is knocking at the door?
Who is knocking on the door?
Who is knocking?
Who is leading them?
Who is like to thee, among the gods, O Lord? who is like to thee, glorious in holiness, terrible and praise-worthy, doing wonders?
Who is like unto thee, O Lord, among the gods? who is like thee, glorious in holiness, fearful in praises, doing wonders?
Who is like you?
Who is likely to be spreading that information?
Who is listening?
Who is looking after the dog while you are away?
Who is looking after your dogs?
Who is looking at your garden?
Who is looking up into the sky?
Who is lurking in the shadows?
Who is missing?
Who is more alluring, Madonna or Marilyn Monroe?
Who is more intelligent?
Who is more popular?
Who is more suitable for the job than Tom?
Who is my father?
Who is my neighbor?
Who is my opponent?
Who is next?
Who is not Muslim here?
Who is not a native Berber speaker here?
Who is not proud of himself?
Who is not scared of sharks in the sea?
Who is not unwell?
Who is on duty?
Who is on the train?
Who is on your table?
Who is our lord?
Who is out there?
Who is paying for all this?
Who is paying for the house?
Who is paying for this?
Who is playing the guitar?
Who is playing the piano in the living room?
Who is playing the piano there?
Who is playing the piano?
Who is playing the violin?
Who is pretending to be Mary?
Who is qualified to do this?
Who is reading these books?
Who is reading?
Who is really to blame?
Who is responsible for high unemployment?
Who is responsible for leaving the window open?
Who is responsible for the attack on the Nova festival?
Who is responsible for the budget information?
Who is responsible for this brilliant idea?
Who is responsible for this class?
Who is responsible for this question?
Who is responsible for this?
Who is responsible?
Who is right?
Who is sad?
Who is she and what's her name?
Who is she dancing with?
Who is she really?
Who is she speaking to?
Who is she talking about?
Who is she talking to?
Who is she that looketh forth as the morning, fair as the moon, clear as the sun?
Who is she to tell me what to do?
Who is she to you?
Who is she with?
Who is she, your girlfriend?
Who is she?
Who is she? Your girlfriend?
Who is sick?
Who is silent is held to consent.
Who is singing that song?
Who is singing?
Who is sitting at the other end of the table?
Who is sitting there?
Who is sleeping in my bed?
Who is so crazy?
Who is so hard-hearted that he is not moved by this film?
Who is standing at the counter?
Who is standing in front of Tom?
Who is standing there?
Who is still here?
Who is stronger, the hippopotamus or the elephant?
Who is stronger, you or Tom?
Who is supposed to do it?
Who is supposed to do this job?
Who is supposed to help me?
Who is supposed to receive the Palestinians of the West Bank and Gaza if they were expelled?
Who is talking to you about me?
Who is taller, Ken or Taro?
Who is taller, Tom or Mary?
Who is taller, you or Ken?
Who is taller, you or Tom?
Who is telling the truth?
Who is that athlete?
Who is that beautiful girl over there?
Who is that beautiful girl you're with?
Who is that beautiful woman over there?
Who is that beautiful woman?
Who is that boy running toward us?
Who is that boy?
Who is that crazy person?
Who is that crazy?
Who is that fellow?
Who is that foxy blonde talking to Tom?
Who is that gentleman in spectacles?
Who is that gentleman over there?
Who is that gentleman to whom he is speaking?
Who is that gentleman who always sits over by the window?
Who is that gentleman?
Who is that girl carrying an Algerian flag?
Who is that girl waving to you?
Who is that girl, standing by the door?
Who is that girl?
Who is that good-looking woman?
Who is that guy with the goatee?
Who is that guy, anyway?
Who is that guy?
Who is that handsome boy I saw you with yesterday?
Who is that in the bathroom?
Who is that jerk?
Who is that lady?
Who is that loser?
Who is that man in the background of the picture?
Who is that man over there waving a flag?
Who is that man over there?
Who is that man that you were talking to?
Who is that man?
Who is that nutter?
Who is that old man?
Who is that old woman?
Who is that person over there wearing sunglasses?
Who is that person over there?
Who is that person?
Who is that pretty girl?
Who is that sitting under that tree?
Who is that stranger who has suddenly appeared?
Who is that stranger?
Who is that tall knight?
Who is that woman holding the flowers?
Who is that woman in the brown coat?
Who is that woman over there?
Who is that woman with the brown coat?
Who is that woman?
Who is that you're going around with?
Who is that young guy?
Who is that young woman?
Who is that?
Who is that? That is a woman.
Who is the Administrative Assistant?
Who is the Assistant Manager?
Who is the Chancellor of Germany?
Who is the animal who did this to you?
Who is the architect?
Who is the author of the novel?
Who is the author of these books?
Who is the author of this article?
Who is the author of this book?
Who is the author of this drama?
Who is the author of this play?
Who is the author of this story?
Who is the author?
Who is the best football player in the world?
Who is the best judoka in the world?
Who is the best of the English poets?
Who is the best singer in our company?
Who is the better hunter?
Who is the blonde girl with the red skirt?
Who is the boss here?
Who is the boss of this company?
Who is the boy acting the part of Peter Pan?
Who is the boy swimming in the river?
Who is the boy that is swimming over there?
Who is the boy?
Who is the brains of this operation?
Who is the chairperson of the meeting?
Who is the child in front?
Who is the closest person to you?
Who is the crazy person who parked his car here?
Who is the current Prime Minister of Bangladesh?
Who is the current representative from France?
Who is the defending champion of this tournament?
Who is the director of this film?
Who is the downstairs neighbour?
Who is the enemy of light? Darkness.
Who is the enemy to Muslims?
Who is the fastest one here?
Who is the father of modern chemistry?
Who is the father of the child?
Who is the father?
Who is the femboy?
Who is the fifteenth?
Who is the first female paratrooper in Bangladesh?
Who is the founder of Google Translate?
Who is the gentleman all dressed in black?
Who is the gentleman he is speaking to?
Who is the girl at the door?
Who is the girl in the pink dress?
Who is the girl in this picture?
Who is the girl in your car?
Who is the girl singing on the stage?
Who is the girl sitting next to Tom?
Who is the girl standing at the door?
Who is the girl standing over there?
Who is the girl who is crying?
Who is the girl who's crying?
Who is the girl you care about the most?
Who is the girl?
Who is the goalkeeper?
Who is the goddess of love?
Who is the greatest composer of all time?
Who is the greatest poet in England?
Who is the greatest tennis player of all time, Roger Federer or Rafael Nadal?
Who is the group administrator?
Who is the group leader?
Who is the guest?
Who is the guy there?
Who is the happiest of men? He who values the merits of others, and in their pleasure takes joy, even as though 'twere his own.
Who is the happiest of men? He who values the merits of others, and in their pleasure takes joy, even as though ’twere his own.
Who is the host at today's party?
Who is the house registered to?
Who is the intruder that we can trust if we are our own enemy?
Who is the inventor of the radio?
Who is the king of Spain?
Who is the king?
Who is the lady in white?
Who is the lady waiting at the door?
Who is the leader of the group?
Who is the letter from?
Who is the lucky guy?
Who is the main hero of the novel?
Who is the man at the other side of the table?
Who is the man in this picture?
Who is the man playing the piano?
Who is the man playing the violin?
Who is the man sitting at the other end of the table?
Who is the man sitting in the corner?
Who is the man standing in front of the building?
Who is the man standing next to Tom?
Who is the man that is leaning against the gate?
Who is the man that you were talking with?
Who is the man who spoke to you?
Who is the man who was talking with you?
Who is the man you were talking to?
Who is the man?
Who is the man? Do you know him?
Who is the manager of that baseball team?
Who is the manager?
Who is the mastermind of all of this?
Who is the match commentator?
Who is the most active member here?
Who is the most beautiful girl in the class?
Who is the most famous American actor?
Who is the most famous American actress?
Who is the most famous person in Japan?
Who is the most handsome among them?
Who is the most intelligent person you know?
Who is the most popular state leader in Latin America?
Who is the most powerful in that community?
Who is the oldest person alive?
Who is the oldest person in the world?
Who is the oldest?
Who is the one who wants money from you?
Who is the original owner of this house?
Who is the owner of the car?
Who is the owner of this car?
Who is the owner of this caravan?
Who is the owner of this house?
Who is the owner of this ship?
Who is the patrol leader?
Who is the person in charge?
Who is the person in the photo looking over her right shoulder?
Who is the person sitting next to Tom?
Who is the person that suffers most when a crime is committed?
Who is the person who just spoke to you?
Who is the person who wrote this essay? There is no name.
Who is the photographer?
Who is the plaintiff in this trial?
Who is the president?
Who is the prettiest of the girls?
Who is the pretty girl sitting beside Jack?
Who is the professor?
Who is the richest man in Algeria?
Who is the secretary?
Who is the son of Mary? Jesus.
Who is the strongest in the group?
Who is the strongest?
Who is the tall guy with long dark hair playing the guitar?
Who is the tallest of all?
Who is the tallest of the five?
Who is the tallest one in the family?
Who is the tallest?
Who is the target audience for this book?
Who is the team's coach?
Who is the treasurer?
Who is the true leader of Morocco?
Who is the victim of the abduction?
Who is the victim of the accident?
Who is the victim of the kidnapping?
Who is the wise man? He who learns from all men.
Who is the wisest person you know?
Who is the woman dressed in pink?
Who is the woman in the brown cape?
Who is the woman in the brown coat?
Who is the woman sitting next to Jean? Don't you recognize her? That's our mayor.
Who is the woman standing there?
Who is the woman talking to my brother sitting next to him?
Who is the woman whose picture is on your desk?
Who is the woman you really love?
Who is the woman?
Who is the world's best goalkeeper?
Who is their father?
Who is their form teacher?
Who is their homeroom teacher?
Who is there but hopes for happiness?
Who is there in the room?
Who is there?
Who is this Tom anyway?
Who is this Tom you always talk about?
Who is this Tom?
Who is this Yanni and where does he come from?
Who is this Ziri everyone is talking about?
Who is this about?
Who is this administration appointing for district supervisor?
Who is this beautiful woman?
Who is this book aimed at?
Who is this book for?
Who is this book intended for?
Who is this book written for?
Who is this boy?
Who is this brat?
Who is this character's artist?
Who is this clown?
Who is this conductor?
Who is this crazy person?
Who is this for?
Who is this freedom for?
Who is this friend?
Who is this girl that you have with you?
Who is this girl?
Who is this guy?
Who is this important to?
Who is this lady?
Who is this letter for?
Who is this letter from?
Who is this man?
Who is this maniac?
Who is this money for?
Who is this moron?
Who is this muckraker?
Who is this mysterious man?
Who is this mysterious woman?
Who is this old dame?
Who is this old person?
Who is this other guy?
Who is this person?
Who is this poem dedicated to?
Who is this pretty girl?
Who is this stranger who has appeared out of nowhere?
Who is this street named after?
Who is this strikingly handsome young man?
Who is this tall blond man?
Who is this tough guy?
Who is this woman?
Who is this young man?
Who is this, please?
Who is this: a relative of my father or a double of my mother?
Who is this?
Who is to blame for the accident?
Who is to blame for the failure?
Who is to blame here?
Who is to blame?
Who is to say that what we did is wrong?
Who is to say this isn't a relief?
Who is ultimately responsible for this?
Who is under the table?
Who is visiting Mary?
Who is visiting us today?
Who is visiting us?
Who is waiting for Tom?
Who is walking the dog?
Who is watching TV?
Who is watching the movie?
Who is who?
Who is working in the meeting room?
Who is worried about Tom?
Who is writing these comments?
Who is younger, Tom or Mary?
Who is younger, he or I?
Who is younger, him or me?
Who is younger?
Who is your Chinese teacher?
Who is your English teacher?
Who is your French teacher?
Who is your GP?
Who is your best friend?
Who is your boss?
Who is your brother?
Who is your celebrity crush?
Who is your community?
Who is your dad?
Who is your dance partner?
Who is your dentist?
Who is your dermatologist?
Who is your doctor?
Who is your enemy?
Who is your father?
Who is your favorite Canadian singer?
Who is your favorite TV star?
Who is your favorite actor?
Who is your favorite author?
Who is your favorite character?
Who is your favorite comedian?
Who is your favorite composer?
Who is your favorite female character in "War and Peace"?
Who is your favorite photographer?
Who is your favorite pianist?
Who is your favorite player?
Who is your favorite rock singer?
Who is your favorite singer?
Who is your favorite soccer player?
Who is your favorite superhero?
Who is your favorite teacher?
Who is your favourite Doctor Who?
Who is your favourite TV star?
Who is your favourite YouTuber?
Who is your favourite actor?
Who is your favourite author?
Who is your favourite composer?
Who is your favourite director?
Who is your favourite photographer?
Who is your favourite player?
Who is your favourite singer?
Who is your favourite soccer player?
Who is your favourite writer?
Who is your friend?
Who is your girlfriend?
Who is your godmother?
Who is your guide?
Who is your hero?
Who is your lawyer?
Who is your master?
Who is your mother?
Who is your partner in the store?
Who is your professor?
Who is your teacher?
Who is your therapist?
Who is your wife, me or Tatoeba?
Who is your wife?
Who isn't afraid?
Who isn't here yet?
Who isn't here?
Who isn't wearing lipstick?
Who isn't writing the text?
Who just arrived?
Who just called?
Who just came in?
Who just left this room?
Who keeps company with the wolf will learn to howl.
Who kept you from doing that?
Who kicked Tom?
Who kicked this ball?
Who kidnapped Tom?
Who killed Colonel James Barclay, then?
Who killed Tom?
Who killed her?
Who killed him?
Who killed the chicken?
Who killed the hare?
Who killed the lights?
Who killed the mule deer?
Who killed the rabbit?
Who killed the spy?
Who killed them?
Who kissed Tom first, Mary or Alice?
Who kissed Tom?
Who kissed her?
Who kissed him?
Who kissed you?
Who knew Tom painted?
Who knew Tom would do that?
Who knew Tom would turn out to be such a jerk?
Who knew about this plan?
Who knew about this?
Who knew her son?
Who knew my 30s would be like this?
Who knew that he would turn out to be such a rascal?
Who knew their son?
Who knew this detail?
Who knew this was here?
Who knew very well that the Lord was with him, and made all that he did to prosper in his hand.
Who knew!
Who knew?
Who knocks? Who is there?
Who knows Akfadou?
Who knows Hu Jintao's birthday?
Who knows Hu Jintao’s birthday?
Who knows Tom and Mary are here?
Who knows Tom is here?
Who knows but everything will go well?
Who knows for sure?
Who knows him?
Who knows his own mother tongue perfectly?
Who knows how close that country is to creating a nuclear weapon?
Who knows how this day will end.
Who knows if Max is still alive? The last time I heard from him, he was ill, quite seriously, and that was a few years ago now.
Who knows if he is aware of his origin.
Who knows if he knows where he came from.
Who knows if he remembers his provenance.
Who knows if he'll integrate into their group.
Who knows if her parents are alive or not?
Who knows if his heart will devour him.
Who knows if my eyes will deign to read all of this once they have rested a bit?
Who knows if they are aware of their origin.
Who knows if they know him properly.
Who knows if they know where they came from.
Who knows if they remember their provenance.
Who knows if they saw what happened.
Who knows if they will recall all that occurred.
Who knows if they'll be late on the way.
Who knows if we'll ever meet again?
Who knows if we'll value it someday.
Who knows if you will discover her in another place.
Who knows if you will recall what occurred.
Who knows it?
Who knows more about you than your own mother?
Who knows so far?
Who knows that Tom is here?
Who knows that better than I do?
Who knows that guy?
Who knows that?
Who knows the answer to this question?
Who knows the answers?
Who knows the difference between purple and violet?
Who knows the flavor of misfortune knows how it tastes to others.
Who knows their way around here?
Who knows their way round here?
Who knows their way round this house better than her?
Who knows their way round this house better than she does?
Who knows this guy?
Who knows this man?
Who knows this place?
Who knows what Leonid might do if he comes back.
Who knows what Tom is thinking?
Who knows what Tom looks like?
Who knows what Tom will do.
Who knows what Tom would do.
Who knows what Tom would do?
Who knows what Ziri is capable of?
Who knows what all this will come to.
Who knows what can happen when Yuri is around a girl like Martha?
Who knows what could happen to me?
Who knows what could happen?
Who knows what disagreements underlie this agreement?
Who knows what else could happen?
Who knows what else is happening?
Who knows what else there might be?
Who knows what happened?
Who knows what has become of him?
Who knows what he'll accomplish if given the chance?
Who knows what he’ll accomplish if given the chance?
Who knows what it was good for?
Who knows what it was?
Who knows what lies ahead?
Who knows what might be there?
Who knows what might happen a few years down the line?
Who knows what might happen between now and then?
Who knows what might happen in the future?
Who knows what might happen over the next few weeks?
Who knows what might happen tomorrow?
Who knows what might happen?
Who knows what new discoveries these observatories will uncover?
Who knows what people will think?
Who knows what really happened?
Who knows what that is?
Who knows what the end of the day has in store for us?
Who knows what the future brings?
Who knows what the future holds?
Who knows what those man would have done to Kalman if he stayed there?
Who knows what tomorrow will bring?
Who knows what we'll find up in the attic?
Who knows what will happen tomorrow?
Who knows what would have become of me if I hadn't chanced upon Tom that crisp spring morning.
Who knows what would have happened if that teacher didn't get kicked out?
Who knows what you saw?
Who knows what you'll find up in the attic?
Who knows what you’ll find up in the attic?
Who knows what'll happen tomorrow?
Who knows what'll happen?
Who knows what's become of Tom?
Who knows what's going on inside Sami's head?
Who knows what's going to happen next?
Who knows what's going to happen?
Who knows what's hidden behind the facade?
Who knows what's right and what's not.
Who knows what's right and what's wrong.
Who knows what's right?
Who knows when Hu Jintao was born?
Who knows when Tom and Mary were born?
Who knows when Tom was born?
Who knows when Tom will do that?
Who knows when Tom's birthday is?
Who knows where Tom and Mary are?
Who knows where Tom and Mary were born?
Who knows where Tom is?
Who knows where Tom was born?
Who knows where Tom went?
Who knows where he could be.
Who knows where he has gone.
Who knows where he was?
Who knows where he went.
Who knows where he's gone.
Who knows where he's got to.
Who knows where it could be.
Who knows where it's got to.
Who knows where she was?
Who knows where that came from.
Who knows where the time goes?
Who knows where those boys went?
Who knows where we live?
Who knows where your peace is hiding?
Who knows where?
Who knows who I am? I'm constantly changing.
Who knows who is who?
Who knows who was unfair.
Who knows who will be the lucky one?
Who knows why Tom did that?
Who knows why Tom lied?
Who knows why Tom made that choice?
Who knows you have this?
Who knows you the best?
Who knows!
Who knows, a prince might just come to ask for her hand in marriage!
Who knows, maybe Christmas in Boston won't be so bad after all.
Who knows, maybe it's love?
Who knows.
Who knows?
Who laughed?
Who leads the chorus?
Who leaked that information?
Who led her through the jungle?
Who led sheep here?
Who left all these books here?
Who left all this clutter on the floor?
Who left all this junk here?
Who left early yesterday?
Who left food on the table of the meeting room?
Who left the TV on?
Who left the door open?
Who left the fridge open again?
Who left the gate open?
Who left the jar open?
Who left the lights on in the office?
Who left the lights on?
Who left the loft hatch open?
Who left the office lights on?
Who left the refrigerator door open?
Who left the safe open?
Who left the water running?
Who left the window open?
Who left the windows open?
Who left their belongings in the meeting room?
Who left these muddy footprints on the front porch?
Who left this mess in the toilet?
Who left this stupid bottle lying around?
Who left this window open?
Who lent Tom that?
Who lent Ziri money?
Who lent this book to you?
Who lent you that book?
Who lent you this book?
Who let Tom do that?
Who let Tom go?
Who let Tom in?
Who let Tom leave?
Who let Tom out?
Who let a crow in here?
Who let him cook?
Who let that happen?
Who let the ants escape?
Who let the dog in?
Who let the dog out?
Who let the dogs out?
Who let you come in?
Who let you in here?
Who let you in?
Who let you inside?
Who let you return!
Who let you sit at my computer?
Who let you use my computer?
Who liked this book?
Who likes Brazilian music? I do!
Who likes Sachiko?
Who likes Tom?
Who likes Tony?
Who likes beans?
Who likes classical music?
Who likes eating?
Who likes getting things for free?
Who likes him?
Who likes insects?
Who likes reading books?
Who likes spiders?
Who likes the cat?
Who likes the dog?
Who likes them?
Who likes to sleep?
Who likes vanilla ice cream?
Who likes war?
Who listened?
Who listens to Tom?
Who listens to her?
Who listens to him?
Who lit the fire?
Who lit the lamp?
Who lit your cigar?
Who lived here back then?
Who lived here before you?
Who lived in that house?
Who lived in this house before us?
Who lives above you?
Who lives below you?
Who lives here?
Who lives in that dilapidated shack near the lake?
Who lives in that house over there?
Who lives in that house?
Who lives in the apartment next door?
Who lives in the flat opposite?
Who lives in the house across the street?
Who lives in the house next door?
Who lives in the house opposite?
Who lives in the room below?
Who lives in this house?
Who lives in this yurt?
Who lives next door to Tom?
Who lives underneath you?
Who lives with Tom?
Who lives with wolves learns to howl.
Who lives with you?
Who lives without folly is not so wise as he thinks.
Who locked Tom in the wardrobe?
Who locked the dog outside?
Who locked the door?
Who locked this door?
Who logged in last?
Who logged on last?
Who looked after him during his illness?
Who looked after him when he was ill?
Who looked after the dog while you weren't home?
Who looked after your dog while you were away?
Who looks after the children?
Who looks after this dog?
Who looks after you when you're ill?
Who looks after you when you're not feeling well?
Who looks after you when you're sick?
Who looks after you?
Who looks at the sky?
Who looks foolish now?
Who looks like crap?
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
Who lost face?
Who lost it?
Who lost the coin toss?
Who lost their phone?
Who lost?
Who loved who?
Who loves Edmund, loves his dog.
Who loves me more than anything?
Who loves me?
Who loves not women, wine and song remains a fool his whole life long.
Who loves the son?
Who loves their own language?
Who loves war?
Who loves who?
Who loves you?
Who made Tom and Mary do that?
Who made Tom cry?
Who made Tom do it?
Who made Tom do that?
Who made Tom do this?
Who made Tom leave?
Who made Tom sing?
Who made dinner?
Who made it.
Who made it?
Who made lunch?
Who made that contribution?
Who made that decision?
Who made that food?
Who made that promise?
Who made the actual arrest?
Who made the decision?
Who made the delivery?
Who made the diagnosis?
Who made the doll?
Who made the highest score?
Who made the rules?
Who made the schedule?
Who made the sun?
Who made them?
Who made these cookies?
Who made these pots?
Who made these rules?
Who made these sandwiches?
Who made these?
Who made this Kabyle dress?
Who made this box?
Who made this cake?
Who made this crap?
Who made this guitar?
Who made this guitar? Do you know?
Who made this knife?
Who made this pasta?
Who made this pie?
Who made this plan?
Who made this possible?
Who made this quilt?
Who made this remarkable discovery?
Who made this song popular?
Who made this?
Who made those policies?
Who made up that rule?
Who made up these rules?
Who made you a ruler and a judge over us?
Who made you angry like this?
Who made you believe that nonsense?
Who made you come here?
Who made you so happy?
Who made your costume?
Who maintains this repository?
Who makes breakfast for Tom?
Who makes breakfast for her?
Who makes breakfast for him?
Who makes breakfast for them?
Who makes breakfast for you?
Who makes the best cakes in the city?
Who makes the big decisions in your family?
Who makes the big decisions in your life?
Who makes the decisions here?
Who makes the decisions in your family?
Who makes the schedule?
Who makes them and what is in them?
Who manages this department?
Who married her?
Who marries my daughter will become my son-in-law.
Who masterminded the anti-Erdogan coup?
Who may judge the people at all times: and when any great matter soever shall fall out, let them refer it to thee, and let them judge the lesser matters only: that so it may be lighter for thee, the burden being shared out unto others.
Who memorizes phone numbers these days?
Who messed with my wallet?
Who messed with the thermostat?
Who met you at the airport?
Who met you at the station?
Who might know that?
Who might replace Draghi?
Who might that be?
Who might want to frame you?
Who might've done this?
Who mopped the floor?
Who mopped the kitchen floor?
Who moved my books?
Who moved the furniture?
Who mugged Tom?
Who needed it?
Who needled Tom into doing this?
Who needs Tom?
Who needs Wikipedia when you have Tatoeba?
Who needs a drink?
Who needs a food processor like this?
Who needs all that nonsense?
Who needs all this junk?
Who needs all this stuff?
Who needs commentary?
Who needs computers?
Who needs friends! They'll just betray you in the end.
Who needs grammar anyway?
Who needs it?
Who needs me now?
Who needs me there?
Who needs medical help?
Who needs my help?
Who needs rhetorical questions?
Who needs science when all you need is guns?
Who needs science when you've got guns?
Who needs terrorism and racism in Kabylie?
Who needs that headache?
Who needs that old furniture?
Who needs that?
Who needs them?
Who needs this old wreck?
Who needs this stuff?
Who needs to be at the meeting in Boston next Monday?
Who needs to do that?
Who needs to show a passport?
Who needs you like this?
Who needs you?
Who never tries, never wins.
Who nicked the apple?
Who noticed that?
Who notified Mary?
Who notified Tom?
Who notified her?
Who notified him?
Who notified me?
Who notified them?
Who notified us?
Who notified you?
Who of those who have been cast down by sin shall ascend?
Who of those who have read the novel can forget it?
Who on Earth did that?
Who on Earth did this?
Who on earth are you?
Who on earth is that?
Who on earth told you that?
Who on earth would want to do something like that?
Who opened fire?
Who opened the curtains?
Who opened the door for you?
Who opened the door to my room?
Who opened the door?
Who opened the gate?
Who opened the letters?
Who opened the loft hatch?
Who opened the window?
Who opened the windows?
Who or what are you?
Who or what has the blame?
Who or what was with Ziri that night?
Who ordered hot chocolate?
Who ordered pizza?
Who ordered that?
Who ordered the pizza?
Who ordered this pizza?
Who ordered this?
Who ordered you to do that?
Who ordered you to do this?
Who organised the party?
Who organised this event?
Who organised this meeting?
Who organised this party?
Who organized that meeting?
Who organized the meeting?
Who organized this event?
Who other than Tom would do something like that?
Who out of your friends will come?
Who overthinks, loses connection with reality.
Who owns Africa's resources?
Who owns Amnesty International?
Who owns a fast computer?
Who owns all this land?
Who owns it?
Who owns that car?
Who owns that house?
Who owns the Internet?
Who owns the moon?
Who owns the restaurant?
Who owns the store?
Who owns the wealth of Vatican?
Who owns these reindeer?
Who owns this car?
Who owns this coat?
Who owns this farm?
Who owns this flat?
Who owns this food?
Who owns this house?
Who owns this island?
Who owns this kiosk?
Who owns this land?
Who owns this lorry?
Who owns this mule?
Who owns this property?
Who owns this ship?
Who owns this truck?
Who owns this villa?
Who owns what here?
Who owns your politician?
Who packed your bag?
Who paid for all the food?
Who paid for it?
Who paid for lunch?
Who paid for that?
Who paid for the coffee?
Who paid for the ticket?
Who paid for the tickets?
Who paid for these drinks?
Who paid for these groceries?
Who paid for these tickets?
Who paid for your ticket?
Who paid for your tuition?
Who paid you to add this sentence? You're trying to brainwash us!
Who paid you?
Who paid your tuition?
Who paid?
Who painted it?
Who painted that picture?
Who painted that?
Who painted the Mona Lisa?
Who painted these pictures that are above the window?
Who painted these pictures?
Who painted this beautiful picture?
Who painted this painting?
Who painted this picture?
Who painted this?
Who panicked?
Who parked their car on my sandwich?
Who participated?
Who pays for what?
Who pays you for that job?
Who pays you?
Who pays your salary?
Who persuaded the singer to put on such a hideous pair of glasses?
Who phoned her?
Who phoned them?
Who phoned?
Who picked all the grapes?
Who picked all the peaches?
Who picked out those clothes you're wearing?
Who picked the corn?
Who picked those flowers?
Who picked you for this job?
Who picked you for this mission?
Who planned out this trip?
Who planned that trip?
Who planted the tree?
Who planted these trees?
Who planted this tree?
Who plays golf?
Who plays guitar?
Who plays the guitar?
Who plays the keyboards in your band?
Who plays the lead?
Who plays the piano better, you or Tom?
Who plays the piano?
Who plays with fire ends up burned.
Who plucked the chicken?
Who possesses his heart?
Who posted this shit on YouTube?
Who prepared the food?
Who pressed charges against Tom?
Who prevented you from doing that?
Who prevented you from doing the same?
Who prevented you from speaking?
Who produced this movie?
Who promised you that?
Who pronounced this sentence?
Who proofread your report?
Who published this book?
Who publishes this newspaper?
Who pulled the communication cord?
Who pulled the emergency brake?
Who pulls the strings here?
Who punched Tom?
Who punched you?
Who pushed me?
Who pushed who first?
Who pushed you into the pool?
Who pushed you?
Who put a frog in my bed?
Who put it there?
Who put that idea into your head?
Who put that old guy in charge?
Who put that there?
Who put that up there?
Who put the box there?
Who put the hit out on Tom?
Who put these flowers in that room?
Who put this here?
Who put this in here?
Who put this paper here?
Who put this together?
Who put together this schedule?
Who put us in this world?
Who put you in charge?
Who put you up to it?
Who put you up to this?
Who questioned you?
Who quit?
Who raised Tom?
Who raised these pigs?
Who raised you?
Who ran away?
Who ran for president that year?
Who ran the fastest of all?
Who ran?
Who rang her?
Who rang the bell?
Who rang them?
Who rates hotels?
Who ratted us out?
Who reads the newspaper anymore?
Who really built the pyramids?
Who really called?
Who really cares?
Who really knows how to clean their kitchen sink?
Who really knows what they would do in that kind of situation?
Who really knows why?
Who really knows?
Who recalled Tom to work?
Who received it?
Who recommended Tom for the job?
Who recommended Tom for the position?
Who recommended Tom for this job?
Who recommended that?
Who recommended this doctor to you?
Who recommended this restaurant to you?
Who recommended this?
Who recommended us to you?
Who referred you?
Who remembers Scatman John?
Who remembers Tom?
Who remembers him?
Who remembers our ten basic principles?
Who remembers this?
Who remembers what happened the day before yesterday?
Who remembers?
Who reminded you?
Who removed it?
Who removed the cover?
Who removed them?
Who repaired your fridge?
Who reported it?
Who reported that?
Who reported the accident?
Who reported the robbery?
Who represent the executive management?
Who represents the defendant?
Who rescheduled?
Who rescued Tom?
Who researched this article?
Who resigned?
Who responded?
Who rides, so late, through night and wind? It is the father with his child. He holds the boy in the crook of his arm. He holds him safe; he keeps him warm.
Who roped you into this?
Who ruled Piedmont?
Who ruled this country?
Who runs faster, Judy or Tony?
Who runs faster, Ken or Tony?
Who runs faster, Tom or Mary?
Who runs faster, Yumi or Keiko?
Who runs the fastest of the three?
Who runs the rabbinate in this village?
Who runs the show?
Who runs things here?
Who runs this country?
Who runs this hotel?
Who said Berber is boring?
Who said I did that?
Who said I didn't like Tom?
Who said I had a date?
Who said I had a gun?
Who said I needed you?
Who said I stole the money?
Who said I wanted a job?
Who said I was ashamed?
Who said I was dying?
Who said I was wrong?
Who said I wasn't going to help you?
Who said I wouldn't be there?
Who said I wouldn't help?
Who said Tom and I were wrong?
Who said Tom could come in here?
Who said Tom could do that?
Who said Tom could join the team?
Who said Tom could leave?
Who said anything about doing that?
Who said anything about having children?
Who said anything about quitting?
Who said anything about retiring?
Who said anything about sleeping?
Who said anything about volunteering?
Who said cocaine is America's cup of coffee?
Who said cross stitch is strictly for women only?
Who said he wanted to join the special forces?
Who said it is bad?
Who said it was Saturday today? Today's Sunday!
Who said it was cold there?
Who said it was going to be easy?
Who said it would be easy?
Who said it's Saturday? Today is Sunday!
Who said it?
Who said life is fair?
Who said money can't buy everything?
Who said my name was Tom?
Who said no?
Who said that I did that?
Who said that I didn't like Tom?
Who said that and when?
Who said that it would be easy?
Who said that to them?
Who said that to you?
Who said that?
Who said that? It's totally wrong!
Who said that? It’s totally wrong!
Who said that? That's nonsense.
Who said that? Those are all lies!
Who said that? Tom?
Who said the N-word?
Who said this city was built in a day?
Who said this to you?
Who said this word about me?
Who said we were going to die?
Who said what to whom?
Who said yes?
Who said you can swagger around like that just because you're one year ahead of me?
Who said you can swagger around like that just because you’re one year ahead of me?
Who said you could come here?
Who said you could come in here?
Who said you could do that?
Who said you could do this?
Who said you could go home early?
Who said you could park here?
Who said you could sleep?
Who said you could speak?
Who said you could stop?
Who said you could take the car?
Who said you were going to die?
Who said you were ugly?
Who sang this song?
Who sat in the back with Tom?
Who sat in the back?
Who sat in the car?
Who sat next to you in the car?
Who sat with Tom?
Who saw Tom?
Who saw Ziri?
Who saw me?
Who saw the funeral today?
Who saw them steal it?
Who saw them stealing that?
Who saw what?
Who saw you?
Who says Halloween has to be scary?
Who says I have any secrets?
Who says I'm afraid of Tom?
Who says I'm afraid of her?
Who says I'm afraid of him?
Who says I'm afraid of them?
Who says I'm afraid of you?
Who says Tom can be trusted?
Who says Tom can't become a doctor?
Who says Tom isn't a stand-up guy?
Who says Tom knew?
Who says Ziri can't turn things around?
Who says change is good?
Who says it isn't fixed?
Who says love knows any boundaries?
Who says money can't buy happiness?
Who says sentences have to be serious?
Who says that I have a gun?
Who says that I steal money?
Who says that Tom can't become a doctor?
Who says that Tom can't go to school and hold a job at the same time?
Who says that a boy and a girl can't be friends?
Who says that a boy and a girl can't just be friends?
Who says that even is going to happen?
Who says that raisin bread has to contain raisins? After all, dog biscuits don't contain any dogs, do they!
Who says that simple things aren't good?
Who says that?
Who says this is Matthew's trash?
Who says we know everything about Tom?
Who says we're not going to meet again?
Who says you can't have it all?
Who scolded Tom?
Who scolded him?
Who scored the first goal?
Who scored the goal?
Who searches, finds.
Who seeds wind, shall harvest storm.
Who seeks shall find the wise said.
Who sees my book?
Who sees my son's rose?
Who sees the money?
Who sells this?
Who sends letters by mail? These days we have e-mail.
Who sends letters by mail? These days we have electronic mail.
Who sends you to school?
Who sent Tom here?
Who sent Tom there?
Who sent Tom?
Who sent for me?
Who sent her?
Who sent him?
Who sent it?
Who sent me a telegram?
Who sent me a wire?
Who sent me this?
Who sent the flowers?
Who sent the letter?
Who sent them?
Who sent these stupid flowers?
Who sent this letter?
Who sent this message?
Who sent this picture to you?
Who sent this to us?
Who sent this?
Who sent you all these emails?
Who sent you here?
Who sent you that?
Who sent you the roses?
Who sent you there?
Who sent you these flowers?
Who sent you these messages?
Who sent you these texts?
Who sent you this invitation?
Who sent you this picture?
Who sent you those roses?
Who sent you?
Who set Tom's cabin on fire?
Who set this fire?
Who set this server up?
Who set up this server?
Who sets U.S. policy?
Who sets the rules here?
Who settles situations like this?
Who shall I choose?
Who shall I say is calling?
Who shall decide when doctors disagree?
Who shall ever unravel the mysteries of the sea?
Who shall we give that assignment to?
Who shall we pick?
Who shares your point of view?
Who she is I have no idea.
Who she saw was not herself but a different woman.
Who shot Tom?
Who shot Ziri?
Who shot her?
Who shot him?
Who shot them?
Who shot who?
Who shot whom?
Who shot you?
Who should I address the letter to?
Who should I ask?
Who should I be afraid of?
Who should I be more annoyed with?
Who should I be talking to?
Who should I believe now?
Who should I believe?
Who should I bring?
Who should I call to fix my plumbing?
Who should I call?
Who should I contact?
Who should I do that with?
Who should I give this to?
Who should I go with to the party?
Who should I help?
Who should I inform?
Who should I make this check out to?
Who should I meet but Tom?
Who should I meet but him?
Who should I notify?
Who should I say is calling?
Who should I say is here?
Who should I say you are?
Who should I send this to?
Who should I speak to?
Who should I talk to?
Who should I tell?
Who should I thank?
Who should I trust?
Who should I vote for?
Who should be blamed here?
Who should be doing this?
Who should be punished?
Who should do that?
Who should do this?
Who should ever care ?
Who should get one?
Who should go first?
Who should go to Australia?
Who should go to Boston?
Who should have done that?
Who should have to win?
Who should have won the contest? I think it should have been Tom, not Mary.
Who should look after the elderly?
Who should pay the bill?
Who should read this book?
Who should start?
Who should supervise?
Who should vote?
Who should we believe?
Who should we do that with?
Who should we give it to?
Who should we invite?
Who should we look for?
Who should we speak to now?
Who should we talk to next?
Who should win?
Who should write it but himself?
Who should've done that?
Who showed you this place?
Who shrank my shirts?
Who shut the window?
Who shut the windows?
Who signed in last?
Who signed that?
Who sings better?
Who sings in the summer, works in the winter.
Who sings that song?
Who sings the best of all the boys in your class?
Who sings the best?
Who sings this song?
Who sits next to you in French class?
Who slapped Tom?
Who slapped you?
Who sleeps the longest in your family?
Who slept here?
Who smashed the window yesterday?
Who smashed the window? Tell me the truth.
Who smiled at you?
Who snitched?
Who sold Tom his car?
Who sold that to you?
Who sold this car to you?
Who sold you such an ugly car?
Who sold you that ugly car?
Who sold you that?
Who sold you the car?
Who sold you this Kabyle dress?
Who sold you this car?
Who solved the hard problem?
Who sows the wind harvests the storm, they say.
Who speaks Esperanto?
Who speaks French better, you or Tom?
Who speaks French the most fluently in your class?
Who speaks French well?
Who speaks French?
Who speaks German well?
Who speaks Russian?
Who speaks for Tom?
Who speaks your language better, men or women?
Who spilled the ink on the floor?
Who spilled the milk on the floor?
Who spilled the soda?
Who spits against heaven, it falls in his face.
Who spoke French?
Who spoke to Tom?
Who spoke with Tom?
Who spoke?
Who sponsored the race?
Who spread that rumor?
Who spread these rumours?
Who spread those rumors?
Who stabbed Tom?
Who stabbed him?
Who stabbed you?
Who stands to benefit from the murder?
Who stands to benefit most?
Who stands to benefit?
Who stands to gain most from a potentially successful deal?
Who stars in it?
Who started Disneyland?
Who started all this?
Who started that rumour?
Who started the battle?
Who started the fight?
Who started the fire in our village?
Who started the fire?
Who started this fire?
Who started this rumor?
Who started this rumour?
Who started unwrapping a new jar of Nutella?
Who stayed to help you clean up?
Who stayed?
Who stays here?
Who stays up later at night, you or Tom?
Who still believes in the immortality of the soul?
Who still even acknowledges the ongoing pandemic today?
Who still needs this?
Who still takes time for a long letter to a friend?
Who still uses a calculator these days? Your telephone can do all that.
Who still uses this?
Who still writes handwritten letters these days?
Who still writes letters by hand these days?
Who stole Tom's bicycle?
Who stole Ziri's cookies?
Who stole it?
Who stole my basket of apples?
Who stole my basket with the meat?
Who stole my battery charger?
Who stole my horse?
Who stole my keys?
Who stole my money?
Who stole something from my bag?
Who stole the apple?
Who stole the apples?
Who stole the bicycle?
Who stole the potatoes?
Who stole the sheets from the bed?
Who stole your money?
Who stole your stuff?
Who stood?
Who stopped it?
Who stopped?
Who stops you from not drinking?
Who submitted Sami's name?
Who succeeded?
Who suffers most from climate change?
Who suggested the name Vök for the band?
Who supplies weapons to Morocco?
Who supported you?
Who surprised you?
Who surrendered?
Who survived?
Who swam with Tom?
Who swam with you today?
Who swam?
Who swims faster, Tom or Mary?
Who swings too high, achieves nothing.
Who switched off the light?
Who switched off the lights?
Who switched the lights off?
Who takes care of the flowers?
Who takes care of you?
Who takes care of your children while you're at work?
Who talked to Tom about that?
Who talked to Tom?
Who talked to you about me?
Who talked?
Who talks a lot, doesn't do a lot.
Who talks a lot, doesn’t do a lot.
Who talks like that?
Who talks the most in your family?
Who tastes everything becomes disgusted with everything.
Who taught Tom French?
Who taught Tom how to bake bread?
Who taught Tom how to dance?
Who taught Tom how to do that so well?
Who taught Tom how to do that?
Who taught Tom how to drive?
Who taught Tom how to eat with chopsticks?
Who taught Tom how to ski?
Who taught Tom how to speak French?
Who taught Tom that?
Who taught Tom to dance?
Who taught Tom to drive?
Who taught her English?
Who taught her how to speak English?
Who taught them table manners?
Who taught you Berber?
Who taught you French?
Who taught you German?
Who taught you how to aim?
Who taught you how to cook Chinese food?
Who taught you how to cook?
Who taught you how to dance?
Who taught you how to do that?
Who taught you how to do this?
Who taught you how to draw like that?
Who taught you how to drive a car?
Who taught you how to drive?
Who taught you how to juggle?
Who taught you how to make pizza?
Who taught you how to paint?
Who taught you how to play chess?
Who taught you how to play poker?
Who taught you how to play tennis?
Who taught you how to play the flute?
Who taught you how to play the guitar?
Who taught you how to play the piano?
Who taught you how to play the saxophone?
Who taught you how to play this game?
Who taught you how to read palms?
Who taught you how to ride a bicycle?
Who taught you how to ride a bike?
Who taught you how to ride a horse?
Who taught you how to ride a unicycle?
Who taught you how to roller skate?
Who taught you how to sail?
Who taught you how to skate?
Who taught you how to ski?
Who taught you how to speak French?
Who taught you how to surf?
Who taught you how to swear in French?
Who taught you how to swim?
Who taught you how to use chopsticks?
Who taught you how to water ski?
Who taught you how to write songs?
Who taught you music?
Who taught you piano?
Who taught you that song?
Who taught you that?
Who taught you the piano?
Who taught you these arpeggios?
Who taught you this prayer?
Who taught you this?
Who taught you those words?
Who taught you to carve wood?
Who taught you to carve?
Who taught you to dance?
Who taught you to do that?
Who taught you to drive?
Who taught you to play the piano?
Who taught you to speak?
Who taught you to surf so well?
Who taught you to swim?
Who taught you to tango?
Who taught you to write?
Who teaches Mary English?
Who teaches Tom French?
Who teaches the third grade?
Who teaches you English conversation?
Who teaches you French?
Who teaches you German?
Who teaches you?
Who telephoned Ann?
Who texted you?
Who that believes in God would do such a thing?
Who that has common sense can believe it?
Who that has common sense can believe such a thing?
Who that has read his story can forget it?
Who that has reason will listen to such a mad man?
Who that is honest will do such a thing?
Who that knows her doesn't love her?
Who that knows her doesn’t love her?
Who that knows him will believe it?
Who that understands music could say his playing is good?
Who that understands music could say his playing was good?
Who the bloody hell do you think YOU are, mate?
Who the devil are you?
Who the devil was that?
Who the fuck are you?
Who the fuck cares about Tom?
Who the fuck cares?
Who the fuck do you think she's gonna believe anyway, huh?
Who the fuck do you think you're talking to?
Who the fuck is Tom?
Who the fuck is this guy?
Who the heck is Tom?
Who the heck's book is this?
Who the hell are you anyway?
Who the hell are you?
Who the hell do you think you are?
Who the hell do you think you're talking to?
Who the hell does this guy think he is?
Who the hell is Adam Kadmon?
Who the hell is Tom?
Who the hell is Tom? I have never heard of him before.
Who the hell is he?
Who the hell is stealing my sentences?
Who the hell knows.
Who thinks I should stay?
Who thinks so?
Who thinks that way?
Who thought it was a good idea to go biking at night?
Who thought of that?
Who thought this up?
Who thought up these rules?
Who thought up those rules?
Who threatened Tom?
Who threatened you?
Who threw a pie at Tom?
Who threw a stone at my dog?
Who threw that rock?
Who threw that?
Who threw the ball?
Who threw the bottle?
Who threw this stone through that window?
Who threw this stone through the window?
Who tied Tom up?
Who told Mary she could do that?
Who told Mary she could eat my sandwich?
Who told Mary she could join the team?
Who told Mary she should do that?
Who told Mary she should hug Tom?
Who told Mary that she could do that?
Who told Mary that she could leave early?
Who told Mary that she could use my umbrella?
Who told Skura?
Who told Tom I was here?
Who told Tom I wasn't feeling well?
Who told Tom about Mary?
Who told Tom about it?
Who told Tom about us?
Who told Tom and Mary that they could do that?
Who told Tom and Mary that they could leave early?
Who told Tom and Mary they could do that?
Who told Tom and Mary they could eat my sandwiches?
Who told Tom he could do that?
Who told Tom he could eat my sandwich?
Who told Tom he could join the team?
Who told Tom he could leave early?
Who told Tom he had to do that?
Who told Tom he needed to do that?
Who told Tom he ought to do that?
Who told Tom he should do that?
Who told Tom he should hug Mary?
Who told Tom he shouldn't do that?
Who told Tom not to do that?
Who told Tom not to hug Mary?
Who told Tom not to kiss Mary?
Who told Tom not to smile?
Who told Tom that I was here?
Who told Tom that he could do that?
Who told Tom that he could leave early?
Who told Tom that he could use my umbrella?
Who told Tom that he had to do that?
Who told Tom that he needed to do that?
Who told Tom that he ought to do that?
Who told Tom that he should do that?
Who told Tom that he shouldn't do that?
Who told Tom that?
Who told Tom to ask Mary to do that?
Who told Tom to ask Mary to help John do that?
Who told Tom to buy that?
Who told Tom to do it?
Who told Tom to do that?
Who told Tom to go to Australia?
Who told Tom to go to Boston?
Who told Tom to hug Mary?
Who told Tom to leave?
Who told Tom to lie?
Who told Tom to sing?
Who told Tom to smile?
Who told Tom what to do?
Who told Tom?
Who told Ziri that?
Who told Ziri?
Who told her that?
Who told her to do that?
Who told her?
Who told him that?
Who told him to do that?
Who told him?
Who told him? Wasn't you, by any chance, was it?
Who told the police?
Who told the story to you?
Who told them that?
Who told them this?
Who told them to do that?
Who told them?
Who told us to come today?
Who told us to do that?
Who told you I could do that?
Who told you I could speak French?
Who told you I could swim?
Who told you I could understand French?
Who told you I couldn't do that?
Who told you I couldn't speak French?
Who told you I couldn't swim?
Who told you I couldn't understand French?
Who told you I did that?
Who told you I didn't do that?
Who told you I didn't have to do that?
Who told you I didn't like Tom?
Who told you I didn't need to do that?
Who told you I didn't want to do that?
Who told you I grew up in an orphanage?
Who told you I had to do that?
Who told you I needed to do that?
Who told you I should do that?
Who told you I wanted to do that?
Who told you I was Canadian?
Who told you I was back?
Who told you I was going to Australia?
Who told you I was going to Boston?
Who told you I was going to do that?
Who told you I was going to the beach today?
Who told you I was here?
Who told you I was ill?
Who told you I was in Boston last weekend?
Who told you I was in Boston?
Who told you I was rich?
Who told you I was sick?
Who told you I was talking about you?
Who told you I wasn't Canadian?
Who told you I wasn't able to do that?
Who told you I wasn't able to swim?
Who told you I wasn't happy here?
Who told you I wasn't well?
Who told you I would be here?
Who told you I would help you?
Who told you I wouldn't be able to do that by myself?
Who told you I wouldn't be able to do that?
Who told you I wouldn't come there?
Who told you I wouldn't come?
Who told you I wouldn't do that?
Who told you I wouldn't know how to do that?
Who told you I wouldn't want to do that?
Who told you I'd be able to do that?
Who told you I'd be here?
Who told you I'd come?
Who told you I'd do that?
Who told you I'd help you?
Who told you I'd knew how to do that?
Who told you I'd want to do that?
Who told you Mary wouldn't be able to do that by herself?
Who told you Sami was in jail?
Who told you Tom agreed to do that?
Who told you Tom and Mary were getting married?
Who told you Tom and Mary were in Boston?
Who told you Tom and Mary were in the hospital?
Who told you Tom and Mary were living on Park Street?
Who told you Tom and Mary were sick?
Who told you Tom and Mary weren't going to be arrested?
Who told you Tom and Mary weren't going to be fired?
Who told you Tom and Mary wouldn't be able to do that by themselves?
Who told you Tom broke his leg?
Who told you Tom could do that?
Who told you Tom could ride a unicycle?
Who told you Tom could understand French?
Who told you Tom couldn't do that?
Who told you Tom couldn't ride a unicycle?
Who told you Tom couldn't understand French?
Who told you Tom did that?
Who told you Tom didn't do that?
Who told you Tom didn't have to do that?
Who told you Tom didn't kiss Mary?
Who told you Tom didn't like hot food?
Who told you Tom didn't need to do that?
Who told you Tom didn't want to do that?
Who told you Tom didn't want to go skin diving with us?
Who told you Tom didn't want to kiss Mary?
Who told you Tom didn't want to win?
Who told you Tom didn't win?
Who told you Tom had been arrested?
Who told you Tom had been doing that?
Who told you Tom had been fired?
Who told you Tom had been injured?
Who told you Tom had been released from prison?
Who told you Tom had had an accident?
Who told you Tom had to do that?
Who told you Tom hugged Mary?
Who told you Tom kissed Mary?
Who told you Tom needed to do that?
Who told you Tom should do that?
Who told you Tom snored?
Who told you Tom spoke French?
Who told you Tom wanted to do that?
Who told you Tom was going to Australia?
Who told you Tom was going to Boston?
Who told you Tom was here last year?
Who told you Tom was in Australia?
Who told you Tom was in Boston?
Who told you Tom was in hospital?
Who told you Tom was in the hospital?
Who told you Tom was living on Park Street?
Who told you Tom was sick?
Who told you Tom wasn't going to be arrested?
Who told you Tom wasn't going to be fired?
Who told you Tom would be able to do that?
Who told you Tom would be here today?
Who told you Tom would be here?
Who told you Tom would do that?
Who told you Tom would enjoy doing that?
Who told you Tom would help us?
Who told you Tom would know how to do that?
Who told you Tom would want to do that?
Who told you Tom would want to go swimming with us?
Who told you Tom wouldn't be able to do that by himself?
Who told you Tom wouldn't be able to do that?
Who told you Tom wouldn't do that?
Who told you Tom wouldn't eat spicy food?
Who told you Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that?
Who told you Tom wouldn't help us?
Who told you Tom wouldn't know how to do that?
Who told you Tom wouldn't want to do that?
Who told you Tom wouldn't want to go swimming with us?
Who told you about Tom?
Who told you about her?
Who told you about him?
Who told you about it first?
Who told you about it?
Who told you about me?
Who told you about that?
Who told you about the fire?
Who told you about the problem?
Who told you about them?
Who told you about this cave?
Who told you about this?
Who told you about us?
Who told you all that?
Who told you all this?
Who told you he would be here?
Who told you how to do that?
Who told you my name was Tom?
Who told you my name?
Who told you not to do that?
Who told you not to tell Tom?
Who told you she would be here?
Who told you such a ridiculous story?
Who told you such nonsense?
Who told you that I didn't like Tom?
Who told you that I dislike Tom?
Who told you that I dropped out of school?
Who told you that I had to do that?
Who told you that I needed to do that?
Who told you that I should do that?
Who told you that I snore?
Who told you that I wanted to do that?
Who told you that I was Canadian?
Who told you that I was going to Australia?
Who told you that I was going to Boston?
Who told you that I was going to do that?
Who told you that I was going to the beach today?
Who told you that I was ill?
Who told you that I was in Boston last weekend?
Who told you that I was sick?
Who told you that I wasn't Canadian?
Who told you that I wasn't happy here?
Who told you that I wasn't well?
Who told you that I would work without pay?
Who told you that I'd come?
Who told you that I'd help you?
Who told you that Mary's a renowned author?
Who told you that Tom and I are dating?
Who told you that Tom and Mary were dating?
Who told you that Tom ate my sandwich?
Who told you that Tom did that?
Who told you that Tom didn't do that?
Who told you that Tom didn't kiss Mary?
Who told you that Tom didn't win?
Who told you that Tom had been in an accident?
Who told you that Tom had had an accident?
Who told you that Tom had to do that?
Who told you that Tom is dead?
Who told you that Tom is ill?
Who told you that Tom kissed Mary?
Who told you that Tom likes me?
Who told you that Tom needed to do that?
Who told you that Tom should do that?
Who told you that Tom wanted to do that?
Who told you that Tom was going to Australia?
Who told you that Tom was going to Boston?
Who told you that Tom was here last year?
Who told you that Tom was seriously ill?
Who told you that Tom was sick?
Who told you that bullcrap?
Who told you that he is dead?
Who told you that it was Tom who did this?
Who told you that pile of shite?
Who told you that story?
Who told you that the genius Al-Razi was a Muslim?
Who told you that we had to do that?
Who told you that we needed to do that?
Who told you that we should do that?
Who told you that we wanted to do that?
Who told you that would happen?
Who told you that you could come?
Who told you that you could do that?
Who told you that you could park here?
Who told you that you could sit here?
Who told you that you could swim here?
Who told you that you didn't have to do that?
Who told you that you didn't need to do that?
Who told you that you had to do that?
Who told you that you it was OK to park here?
Who told you that you needed to do that?
Who told you that you should do that?
Who told you that?
Who told you that? Tell me now!
Who told you that? That's a total lie.
Who told you the news?
Who told you the story?
Who told you this news?
Who told you this nonsense?
Who told you this town was built in a day?
Who told you this?
Who told you to bring me here?
Who told you to buy a car?
Who told you to buy that for me?
Who told you to come here?
Who told you to contact me?
Who told you to disassemble the mouse?
Who told you to do that?
Who told you to do this?
Who told you to give that to me?
Who told you to go home?
Who told you to keep quiet?
Who told you to kill Tom?
Who told you to let Tom go?
Who told you to let Tom in?
Who told you to let Tom leave?
Who told you to let Tom out?
Who told you to say that to me?
Who told you to sit here?
Who told you to stop doing that?
Who told you to stop eating eggs?
Who told you to stop?
Who told you to talk to me?
Who told you to tell Tom to come?
Who told you to tell Tom?
Who told you to wait here?
Who told you to write with your left hand?
Who told you we had to do that?
Who told you we needed to do that?
Who told you we should do that?
Who told you we wanted to do that?
Who told you where I live?
Who told you where Tom was born?
Who told you where my house is?
Who told you where my office was?
Who told you where to find me?
Who told you where to park?
Who told you why Tom was late?
Who told you you could come?
Who told you you could have that?
Who told you you could swim here?
Who told you you couldn't do that?
Who told you you couldn't swim here?
Who told you you didn't have to do that?
Who told you you didn't need to do that?
Who told you you had to do that?
Who told you you needed to do that?
Who told you you should do that?
Who told you you were ugly?
Who told you?
Who told your about the party?
Who told your about this?
Who took Stefan's phone?
Who took Tom home?
Who took care of the dog while you were away?
Who took care of you?
Who took care of your dog while you were away?
Who took it?
Who took me here?
Who took my bag?
Who took my book that was on this table?
Who took my briefcase?
Who took my chair?
Who took my computer?
Who took my handbag?
Who took my keys?
Who took my pen?
Who took my pens?
Who took my scissors?
Who took part in the contest?
Who took that Kabyle dress?
Who took that picture of Ziri?
Who took the car?
Who took the last piece?
Who took the money?
Who took the penalty kick?
Who took the picture?
Who took the suitcase?
Who took the suitcases?
Who took these photographs?
Who took these pictures?
Who took this picture?
Who took those apples?
Who took two wives: the name of the one was Ada, and the name of the other Sella.
Who took you to hospital?
Who took you to the hospital?
Who took you to the prom?
Who took your passport?
Who took your passports?
Who tore my shirt?
Who tore this package open?
Who touched my books?
Who touched my gun?
Who trained the trainers?
Who translated the Quran into Hebrew?
Who translated this letter?
Who translated this poem into the Tajik language?
Who translated this?
Who translates letters now?
Who treated Tom?
Who tricked you?
Who tried to kill Tom?
Who tried to kill her?
Who tried to kill him?
Who tried to kill me?
Who tried to kill them?
Who tried to kill us?
Who tried to kill you?
Who tripped the alarm?
Who tripped you?
Who turned off the air conditioner?
Who turned off the gravity?
Who turned off the light?
Who turned off the lights?
Who turned on the lights?
Who turned the air conditioner off?
Who turned the light off?
Who turned the lights off?
Who turned this scale back?
Who turned this upside down?
Who turned up the A/C?
Who turned you in?
Who typed this?
Who understands this?
Who understood?
Who undrew the curtains?
Who unlocked the door for you?
Who unlocked the door?
Who unplugged the TV?
Who used all the hot water?
Who used to do this?
Who used to live here?
Who used up all the hot water?
Who uses Tatoeba?
Who uses a paper map nowadays?
Who uses these?
Who usually drinks more beer, you or Tom?
Who usually sits in the dunce's seat?
Who usually sits on the bench of disgrace?
Who usually sits on the dunce's seat?
Who vanished?
Who volunteered?
Who voted for him?
Who waited?
Who walked home yesterday?
Who walked the dog?
Who walks on the Great Wall conquers bravitude.
Who wanted to live in a foreign country, if he felt happy in his own country.
Who wanted to talk to me?
Who wanted to talk with me?
Who wanted what?
Who wants Yanni's factory blown off the map?
Who wants a bit of cake?
Who wants a drink?
Who wants a hot chocolate?
Who wants a piece of cake?
Who wants a slice of pie?
Who wants a stupid German Shepherd for a friend anyways?
Who wants a treat?
Who wants an ice cream?
Who wants another piece of cake?
Who wants apple pie?
Who wants biscuits?
Who wants blood and tears?
Who wants cake?
Who wants coffee?
Who wants cookies?
Who wants free stuff?
Who wants freedom?
Who wants french toast?
Who wants fries?
Who wants hot chocolate?
Who wants ice cream?
Who wants independence, follows us.
Who wants independence?
Who wants it?
Who wants jello?
Who wants me dead?
Who wants me to know?
Who wants meatballs?
Who wants money from you?
Who wants more bacon?
Who wants more coffee?
Who wants pancakes?
Who wants pie?
Who wants popcorn?
Who wants seconds?
Who wants some biscuits?
Who wants some hot chocolate?
Who wants some ice cream?
Who wants tea?
Who wants that?
Who wants this job?
Who wants this one?
Who wants this?
Who wants to answer this question?
Who wants to ask a question?
Who wants to be a millionaire?
Who wants to be cooped up indoors on a nice day like this?
Who wants to begin?
Who wants to bet against?
Who wants to bet on it?
Who wants to bring their kids up in a place like this?
Who wants to bring up their kids in a place like this?
Who wants to buy a motorcycle with squeaky brakes?
Who wants to come with me to see "Thor"?
Who wants to come with me?
Who wants to cut the cake?
Who wants to destroy Algeria?
Who wants to do that?
Who wants to drive me to Ambar?
Who wants to drive?
Who wants to eat now?
Who wants to explain today's lesson?
Who wants to fight?
Who wants to find pearls, has to dive deep.
Who wants to go again?
Who wants to go first?
Who wants to go hunting?
Who wants to go next?
Who wants to go shopping with me?
Who wants to go shopping?
Who wants to go to Boston anyway?
Who wants to go to the National Zoo tomorrow?
Who wants to go to the park?
Who wants to go to the theater with me?
Who wants to go with me?
Who wants to go?
Who wants to hear about it?
Who wants to help me translate all these sentences into Esperanto?
Who wants to help me?
Who wants to help us?
Who wants to invest in Algeria?
Who wants to join the special forces?
Who wants to kill you?
Who wants to know?
Who wants to learn Berber with me?
Who wants to learn Berber?
Who wants to learn French?
Who wants to learn Japanese?
Who wants to learn Polish?
Who wants to leave early?
Who wants to leave the city?
Who wants to live there anyway?
Who wants to party?
Who wants to play volleyball?
Who wants to play?
Who wants to say something?
Who wants to screw Ziri in this way?
Who wants to see Tom?
Who wants to see me?
Who wants to send me a message?
Who wants to start?
Who wants to stay here?
Who wants to stay in the city?
Who wants to stay with Tom?
Who wants to stop Algeria's growing influence in the region?
Who wants to take Tom home?
Who wants to take a ride with me?
Who wants to take me home?
Who wants to take part in a slightly dangerous biological experiment?
Who wants to take this home?
Who wants to take you home?
Who wants to talk about the topic?
Who wants to talk to Tom?
Who wants to talk to me?
Who wants to translate this article?
Who wants to travel far has to move his tonsure by sparing his mount.
Who wants to travel far moves his carcass while sparing his mount.
Who wants to try too?
Who wants to visit the Philippines? It is such a tropical paradise!
Who wants to wash my car?
Who wants to wash my dirty car?
Who wants to watch TV when they can read a book?
Who wants to watch a video?
Who wants to work on a Friday night?
Who wants us killed?
Who wants waffles?
Who wants what?
Who wants you to be the boss?
Who warned you?
Who was Abraham?
Who was Confucius?
Who was Dmitri’s kidnapper?
Who was Greta Garbo?
Who was I trying to fool when I cut that slice of pizza in half?
Who was Ignace Semmelweis?
Who was Jesus Christ?
Who was Jesus of Nazareth?
Who was Jesus?
Who was Lao Tze?
Who was Mahatma Gandhi?
Who was Marika?
Who was Martin Luther King Jr?
Who was Matoub Lounes?
Who was Mona Lisa?
Who was Muhammad, peace be upon him?
Who was Number One?
Who was Queen Elizabeth?
Who was Robert and what did he want from Sandra?
Who was Sami with?
Who was Tom afraid of?
Who was Tom arguing with?
Who was Tom blackmailing?
Who was Tom complaining about?
Who was Tom dating back then?
Who was Tom fighting?
Who was Tom flirting with?
Who was Tom following?
Who was Tom going to see?
Who was Tom killed by?
Who was Tom meeting?
Who was Tom planning to do that with?
Who was Tom planning to go swimming with?
Who was Tom scolded by?
Who was Tom shooting at?
Who was Tom shouting at?
Who was Tom sitting with?
Who was Tom skiing with?
Who was Tom supposed to work for?
Who was Tom swimming with?
Who was Tom talking about?
Who was Tom talking to?
Who was Tom threatened by?
Who was Tom waiting for?
Who was Tom with?
Who was Tom yelling at?
Who was Tom's supervisor?
Who was Ziri's supervisor?
Who was Zoroaster?
Who was absent from school last week?
Who was arrested by the police?
Who was at home?
Who was at that meeting?
Who was at the door?
Who was at the meeting?
Who was at the party beside Jack and Mary?
Who was at the party besides Jack and Mary?
Who was at the party?
Who was behind the attacks?
Who was behind the wheel that day?
Who was behind the wheel?
Who was better?
Who was born in Armenia is Armenian.
Who was called the Iron Chancellor?
Who was called the Iron Chancellor? Helmut Kohl or Otto von Bismarck?
Who was calling me?
Who was chosen?
Who was driving the car?
Who was driving the hearse?
Who was driving?
Who was eating the bread?
Who was elected?
Who was emperor after Hadrian?
Who was following who?
Who was going to organize these men into an army?
Who was he flirting with?
Who was he talking to?
Who was he?
Who was her professor?
Who was here first?
Who was here in my absence?
Who was here last?
Who was here this morning?
Who was here while I was away?
Who was here yesterday afternoon?
Who was here yesterday?
Who was here?
Who was his professor?
Who was in Australia with you?
Who was in Boston with you?
Who was in charge of today's party?
Who was in charge of today’s party?
Who was in charge?
Who was in second place?
Who was in the car?
Who was in the closet?
Who was in the house?
Who was in the kitchen with you?
Who was in the room?
Who was in your car?
Who was invited to the party?
Who was it that bought this skirt yesterday?
Who was it that bought those pictures yesterday?
Who was it that broke the window yesterday?
Who was it that called me?
Who was it that did that yesterday?
Who was it that forgot to lock the door of the warehouse?
Who was it that gave that to you?
Who was it that gave you that?
Who was it that he phoned?
Who was it that helped you?
Who was it that made a report?
Who was it that persuaded you to do that?
Who was it that read my diary while I was out?
Who was it that rescued Tom?
Who was it that saw Tom in the park yesterday afternoon?
Who was it who ate all the candy?
Who was it who just left this room?
Who was it who left the door open?
Who was it who wrote that text?
Who was it who wrote these two letters?
Who was it?
Who was killed?
Who was last here?
Who was leaving those letters?
Who was looking for the record shop?
Who was looking for the toilet at three this morning?
Who was minding the store?
Who was murdered?
Who was my dad speaking to?
Who was not here?
Who was on the phone this morning?
Who was on the phone?
Who was playing?
Who was preparing meal for Tom?
Who was punished?
Who was radium discovered by?
Who was responsible for that stupid idea?
Who was responsible for that?
Who was responsible?
Who was right?
Who was rummaging through my things?
Who was satisfied?
Who was seducing who?
Who was sent to save the princess?
Who was she flirting with?
Who was she hanging out with?
Who was she talking to?
Who was sitting here?
Who was sitting in the car?
Who was sitting on the floor?
Who was sitting where?
Who was speaking with Tom?
Who was supposed to do that, Tom or Mary?
Who was supposed to go shopping? Tom or me?
Who was supposed to wake Tom up this morning?
Who was taking care of Tom when this happened?
Who was talking to Ziri?
Who was talking with Tom?
Who was that arguing with Tom?
Who was that babe I saw you with last weekend?
Who was that beautiful girl you were with?
Who was that beautiful woman that I saw Tom walking with in the park?
Who was that book written by?
Who was that cute girl that you were with yesterday?
Who was that cute girl you were with yesterday?
Who was that fighting with Tom?
Who was that gentleman?
Who was that girl I saw you dancing with?
Who was that girl who came with Tafrara?
Who was that girl you were with at the beach today?
Who was that girl?
Who was that guy you were just talking to?
Who was that guy you were just talking with?
Who was that guy you were with?
Who was that guy?
Who was that handsome man I saw you talking to last night?
Who was that handsome man that I saw you talking to last night?
Who was that man waiting outside?
Who was that man?
Who was that old lady?
Who was that on the other side?
Who was that on the phone?
Who was that person?
Who was that sitting in front of you at the movies?
Who was that sitting on the bench with Tom?
Who was that stranger who knocked on the door?
Who was that talking with Tom?
Who was that terrible man?
Who was that that I saw chasing you yesterday?
Who was that troublesome man?
Who was that who answered your phone?
Who was that who was riding in the taxi with you?
Who was that who was swimming with Tom?
Who was that woman I saw you with?
Who was that woman?
Who was that you were just talking to?
Who was that you were talking to?
Who was that you were with last night?
Who was that?
Who was the arresting officer?
Who was the best on the team?
Who was the best?
Who was the book written by?
Who was the boy who was with you today?
Who was the boy you were talking to?
Who was the bozo who said that?
Who was the captain?
Who was the celebrity whose death made you feel the deepest sadness?
Who was the choreographer for that?
Who was the class president before Tom?
Who was the coach?
Who was the contact person assigned to you?
Who was the culprit?
Who was the director of this film?
Who was the director of this movie?
Who was the doctor that operated on Tom?
Who was the female you were talking to?
Who was the first man to set foot on the moon?
Who was the first one here today?
Who was the first person on the moon?
Who was the first person to break the four-minute mile?
Who was the first person to walk on the moon?
Who was the former prosecutor?
Who was the girl who was with you today?
Who was the girl you were talking to?
Who was the girl you were with the other day?
Who was the greatest con artist in history?
Who was the greatest con man in history?
Who was the greatest philosopher that ever lived?
Who was the injured cyclist?
Who was the inventor of the radio?
Who was the inventor of the telephone, Bell or Meucci?
Who was the inventor of the thermometer?
Who was the island discovered by?
Who was the last one here?
Who was the last person to log on to the computer?
Who was the last person to see him alive?
Who was the last person to speak with Tom?
Who was the last to reach the goal?
Who was the leader of the expedition?
Who was the letter written to?
Who was the lucky one who ended up with the inheritance?
Who was the man killed on the hill?
Who was the man sitting next to you?
Who was the man we saw talking to Tom?
Who was the man who did that yesterday?
Who was the man who first discovered Uranus?
Who was the man you sat next to?
Who was the man you were sitting next to?
Who was the man you were talking to?
Who was the man?
Who was the mastermind?
Who was the most notorious con man in history?
Who was the next in line?
Who was the noted singer who helped to make Schubert's songs famous?
Who was the older guy?
Who was the one who issued those orders?
Who was the one who suggested we sing these songs?
Who was the one who translated that poem into French?
Who was the only female member of the Constitution Drafting Committee of Bangladesh?
Who was the other girl?
Who was the other man?
Who was the person you were talking to a moment ago?
Who was the previous owner?
Who was the screenwriter?
Who was the target audience?
Who was the telephone invented by?
Who was the thief?
Who was the victim?
Who was the voice actor for the male lead?
Who was the whistleblower?
Who was the winner?
Who was the woman in the picture you posted on Facebook?
Who was the woman with you?
Who was the woman you were sitting with?
Who was the woman you were talking to?
Who was the woman you were with the other day?
Who was there last night?
Who was there that night?
Who was there with Tom?
Who was there?
Who was this book written by?
Who was this done by?
Who was this machine invented by?
Who was this picture painted by?
Who was this picture taken by?
Who was this poem written by?
Who was this really for?
Who was this window broken by?
Who was to win this match was a foregone conclusion.
Who was unfaithful?
Who was waiting for Tom?
Who was where?
Who was with Tom?
Who was with you guys?
Who was with you that night?
Who was with you when that happened?
Who was with you?
Who was writing on the wall?
Who was wrong?
Who was your French teacher?
Who was your cooking teacher?
Who was your date?
Who was your favorite teacher in high school?
Who was your favorite teacher in school and why?
Who was your favorite teacher when you were in high school?
Who was your favorite teacher when you were in junior high school?
Who was your first French teacher?
Who was your first crush?
Who was your first love?
Who was your inspiration?
Who was your maid of honor?
Who was your supervisor?
Who was your third grade teacher?
Who washed it?
Who washed the car?
Who wasn't happy?
Who wasn't satisfied?
Who wasn't writing the lesson?
Who watches the watchers?
Who waters your plants when you're away?
Who we are is often a reflection of our choices.
Who we think we are can shape our paths.
Who wears pants in your family?
Who wears the pants in your family?
Who wears the sunglasses?
Who weighs more, Tom or Mary?
Who weighs more, you or Tom?
Who went first?
Who went fishing with Tom?
Who went fishing with you?
Who went inside my bag?
Who went into my bag?
Who went out?
Who went shopping with Tom?
Who went to Australia with Tom?
Who went to Australia with you?
Who went to Boston with Tom?
Who went to Boston with you?
Who went to the museum with you?
Who went to the toilet at three this morning?
Who went with Tom?
Who went with her?
Who went with him?
Who went with you yesterday?
Who went with you?
Who were Genghis Khan's first biographers?
Who were Tom and Mary afraid of?
Who were Tom and Mary shouting at?
Who were Tom and Mary skiing with?
Who were Tom and Mary swimming with?
Who were Tom and Mary talking about?
Who were Tom and Mary talking to?
Who were Tom and Mary waiting for?
Who were Tom and Mary with?
Who were Tom and Mary yelling at?
Who were all those people?
Who were my parents?
Who were some of the people who welcomed Chopin to Paris?
Who were the Berbers and where did they originally come from?
Who were the Maccabees?
Who were the Scythians?
Who were the Seven Sages of ancient Greece?
Who were the Visigoths?
Who were the culprits?
Who were the man and woman you were talking with?
Who were the members of The Beatles?
Who were the original inhabitants here?
Who were the original people here?
Who were the other suspects?
Who were the troubadours?
Who were they looking for?
Who were they talking about?
Who were those guys?
Who were you calling?
Who were you dreaming about?
Who were you eating with?
Who were you expecting?
Who were you going to call?
Who were you going to sell it to?
Who were you hiding from?
Who were you hoping to talk to?
Who were you in there with?
Who were you just speaking to?
Who were you just talking to?
Who were you looking for?
Who were you on the phone with?
Who were you protecting?
Who were you speaking to on the phone?
Who were you speaking to while you were waiting for the bus?
Who were you speaking with?
Who were you swimming with?
Who were you talking to over there?
Who were you talking to?
Who were you talking with?
Who were you texting?
Who were you there with?
Who were you waiting for at the station?
Who were you waiting for here yesterday?
Who were you with last night?
Who were you with on the Ferris wheel?
Who were you with?
Who were you working with?
Who were your companions on this trip?
Who will Gregor sell his car to?
Who will I be today?
Who will Tom be collaborating with?
Who will Tom call?
Who will accompany Tom?
Who will accompany me to the house?
Who will accompany me?
Who will act as spokesman?
Who will advise them?
Who will ask the questions?
Who will attend the meeting on her behalf?
Who will avenge the death of Karl?
Who will be Tom's next victim?
Who will be able to predict?
Who will be at tomorrow's meeting?
Who will be buried in this grave?
Who will be elected chairman?
Who will be in charge of our class when Miss Smith leaves school?
Who will be on your side as you strive to reach your goals?
Who will be our next president?
Who will be the chairperson today?
Who will be the delegate?
Who will be the first person on Mars?
Who will be the first person to ever set foot on Mars?
Who will be the first to go?
Who will be the first to live until the birth of his great-great-great-grandson?
Who will be the leader?
Who will be the next US president?
Who will be the next class president, Tom or Mary?
Who will be the next pope?
Who will be the next president of the United States?
Who will be the next victim?
Who will be the sacrifice?
Who will be the victim?
Who will believe this?
Who will believe us now?
Who will believe you?
Who will bell the cat?
Who will bring peas to the world?
Who will come with me?
Who will come with us?
Who will comfort us when we're sad?
Who will commemorate me when I die?
Who will commemorate me when I'm dead?
Who will compensate for the loss?
Who will console her?
Who will console him?
Who will console me?
Who will convene the meeting?
Who will correct my mistakes?
Who will count the stars?
Who will cure Tom?
Who will dance tonight?
Who will decide?
Who will defend Tom?
Who will determine the winner?
Who will do it?
Who will eat the apple?
Who will farm these fields?
Who will fill in for Tom when he is away?
Who will fill in for him when he is away?
Who will foot the bill?
Who will free me?
Who will give me information and advice?
Who will give the party?
Who will go get the pide?
Who will go there is not yet decided.
Who will govern the country?
Who will guard the guards themselves?
Who will guide me in the right direction?
Who will hear the case?
Who will help me?
Who will help us now?
Who will host the party?
Who will inherit what he left?
Who will it be?
Who will keep an eye on things?
Who will kiss the frog?
Who will know if my cousin Bettina liked our visit to the zoo?
Who will look after Tom?
Who will look after the baby while they're out?
Who will look after the baby while they’re out?
Who will look after the baby?
Who will look after the office while you're gone?
Who will look after your cat while you are away?
Who will look after your dog tomorrow?
Who will look after your dog?
Who will marry me? Only the future can say.
Who will my opponent be?
Who will not write an essay?
Who will one day read the sentences I have written?
Who will open the door for Tom?
Who will operate on Tom?
Who will outwit whom?
Who will pay Tom?
Who will pay for Tom?
Who will pay for the wall?
Who will pay?
Who will pick the apples in the fall?
Who will play the organ at your wedding?
Who will play the role of the princess?
Who will prepare the food?
Who will prevent Tom from doing that?
Who will protect me from Tom?
Who will protect me while you are away?
Who will protect us from Tom?
Who will protect us from our guardians?
Who will prove it to me?
Who will provide capital for the venture?
Who will put a bell on the cat's collar?
Who will raise the question in the first place?
Who will read a book that thick?
Who will reap the benefits from lower oil prices?
Who will receive his inheritance?
Who will recount a story for us tonight?
Who will remember you?
Who will replace Tom?
Who will row?
Who will save Tom?
Who will save us?
Who will score the first goal tonight?
Who will see Vera will love her.
Who will separate us?
Who will show you where Boston is?
Who will sing tonight?
Who will sleep with me tonight?
Who will spend the night with me today?
Who will start?
Who will stay with me this night?
Who will succeed Reagan as President?
Who will succeed him?
Who will succeed the throne?
Who will succeed to the throne?
Who will succeed to your father's business?
Who will succeed to your father’s business?
Who will suffer more, I or you?
Who will supervise Tom?
Who will support Tom?
Who will swim most quickly?
Who will swim the fastest?
Who will take care of Tom?
Who will take care of my kids if I die?
Who will take care of the baby?
Who will take care of the children?
Who will take care of the dog if we go to Spain?
Who will take care of the dog while we are away?
Who will take care of the house while you're gone?
Who will take care of them?
Who will take care of your cat then?
Who will take care of your house when you're away?
Who will take charge of their class?
Who will take her place?
Who will take his place?
Who will take me to the airport?
Who will take the place of his mother?
Who will teach me this?
Who will teach our children?
Who will tell Tom?
Who will tell a story tonight?
Who will tell whether one happy moment of love, or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies?
Who will the jury believe?
Who will the new teacher be?
Who will they be replaced with?
Who will they choose?
Who will they elect?
Who will translate my sentence?
Who will try the case?
Who will try this case?
Who will ultimately decide?
Who will understand the loss?
Who will want a motorcycle with screeching brakes?
Who will wash the dishes after dinner?
Who will weep when I die?
Who will wield the power after the election?
Who will win Ohio?
Who will win in the end, Tom or Ziri?
Who will win the World Cup?
Who will win the XLVI Superbowl? The Giants or the Patriots?
Who will win the XLVI Superbowl? The New York Giants or the New England Patriots?
Who will win the election?
Who will win the gold medal?
Who will win the gold?
Who will win the next election?
Who will win this time?
Who will win?
Who will write the report?
Who will you be coming with?
Who will you be going to Australia with?
Who will you be going to Boston with?
Who will you be going with?
Who will you be interviewing this morning?
Who will you be working for?
Who will you believe?
Who will you build your house with?
Who will you eat dinner with tonight?
Who will you eat with?
Who will you give Christmas presents to this year?
Who will you give the book to?
Who will you give the first piece of cake to?
Who will you give your books to?
Who will you go with?
Who will you meet at the mall?
Who will you meet tomorrow?
Who will you see tomorrow?
Who will you spend Christmas with?
Who will you vote for for president?
Who will you vote for?
Who winked?
Who wins?
Who wiped it?
Who wishes to do that?
Who witnessed this?
Who woke Tom up this morning?
Who won and who lost?
Who won first prize?
Who won last night's game?
Who won that argument?
Who won that battle?
Who won the European Football Championship?
Who won the Euros?
Who won the Nobel Prize this year?
Who won the Super Bowl?
Who won the Superbowl?
Who won the car?
Who won the championship?
Who won the competition?
Who won the contest?
Who won the election?
Who won the game?
Who won the match?
Who won the prize?
Who won the war?
Who won the wet t-shirt contest?
Who won today?
Who won't go tomorrow?
Who won?
Who works in that office?
Who works longer hours, you or Tom?
Who works on Sunday evenings?
Who works the cash register?
Who works the hardest in your family?
Who would I be without my teachers?
Who would be Algeria's next prime minister?
Who would be able to deceive the sun?
Who would be crazy enough to do that?
Who would be doing that?
Who would be foolish enough to do that?
Who would be interested in a week in Thailand around New Year's Day?
Who would be its next victim?
Who would be responsible for that?
Who would be so stupid as to do such a thing?
Who would be so stupid as to do that?
Who would be stupid enough to do that?
Who would believe me?
Who would believe that?
Who would believe this?
Who would believe you?
Who would better his state should look to his foundations.
Who would buy it?
Who would buy one of these?
Who would buy one of those?
Who would buy something like that?
Who would buy this?
Who would care?
Who would come here?
Who would come up with such a ridiculous name?
Who would dare do such a thing?
Who would dare to file a complaint against them?
Who would defend you?
Who would die first in the apocalypse?
Who would disagree with you?
Who would do a thing like that?
Who would do something like that?
Who would do something like this?
Who would do something so evil?
Who would do something so stupid?
Who would do such a stupid thing?
Who would do such a terrible thing?
Who would do such a thing?
Who would do that to Ziri?
Who would do that?
Who would do this?
Who would do this? And why?
Who would doubt that!
Who would eat something like this?
Who would even do that to Tom?
Who would even think of doing such a thing?
Who would ever believe that?
Who would ever want to dance with Tom?
Who would ever want to leave here?
Who would forbid such a thing?
Who would forget Kabylie's hills and valleys?
Who would forget her!
Who would forget it!
Who would gild a lily?
Who would have been your sweetheart if I had never met you?
Who would have believed his crazy stories?
Who would have cared?
Who would have dared?
Who would have done that?
Who would have done this?
Who would have dreamed that Tom would ever graduate?
Who would have guessed that he is such an idiot.
Who would have imagined!
Who would have predicted this?
Who would have the courage to denounce them?
Who would have thought Tom would change?
Who would have thought around 1900 that in fifty years' time we would know so much more and understand so much less?
Who would have thought back then that Tom had only seven years to live?
Who would have thought back then that Tom would only live for seven years?
Who would have thought it possible?
Who would have thought it?
Who would have thought that Tom would change?
Who would have thought that Tom's small garage workshop would one day be a company with a turnover of millions?
Who would have thought that she could be so thin and small?
Who would have thought that we would make it?
Who would have thought the wasabi alarm would turn out possible?
Who would have thought this would happen?
Who would have thought we would get in trouble?
Who would have thought!
Who would have thought?
Who would have written something so delicate if not Mary?
Who would help you?
Who would hurt Sami?
Who would hurt Tom?
Who would invest in Algeria?
Who would joke about that?
Who would keep me company?
Who would kiss Tom?
Who would know how to do it?
Who would know how to do that?
Who would know how to do this?
Who would know that?
Who would know the answer?
Who would like an ice cream?
Who would like another piece of cake?
Who would like some ice cream?
Who would like to do problem four on the board?
Who would like to do that?
Who would like to go and see them?
Who would like to go first?
Who would like to go next?
Who would like to hire Tom?
Who would like to learn Portuguese?
Who would like to say something?
Who would like to speak first?
Who would like to speak with her?
Who would look after my children if I died?
Who would not like to visit Algeria?
Who would notice anyway?
Who would notice?
Who would oppose this plan?
Who would prohibit such a thing?
Who would refuse such a generous offer?
Who would refuse such an offer?
Who would risk doing that?
Who would rob a guy like Yanni?
Who would say no to this?
Who would say no to you?
Who would say such a thing?
Who would send me flowers?
Who would spread such ideas?
Who would steal our bicycles?
Who would steal that stupid truck of yours?
Who would support us?
Who would tell us the truth?
Who would the jury believe?
Who would vote for Tom?
Who would want Tom dead?
Who would want her dead?
Who would want him dead?
Who would want me dead?
Who would want one of those?
Who would want such a child about the place? Yet Matthew wished to keep her, of all unaccountable things!
Who would want that kind of husband?
Who would want them dead?
Who would want this job?
Who would want to buy that old car?
Who would want to do that?
Who would want to frame you?
Who would want to go out with Mary?
Who would want to help us?
Who would want to hire Tom?
Who would want to hire her?
Who would want to hire him?
Who would want to hire me?
Who would want to hire them?
Who would want to hire us?
Who would want to hug Tom?
Who would want to hurt Tom?
Who would want to hurt me?
Who would want to kill Tom?
Who would want to kill her?
Who would want to kill him?
Who would want to kill me?
Who would want to kill them?
Who would want to kill us?
Who would want to kill you, Tom?
Who would want to kill you?
Who would want to kiss me?
Who would want to live here?
Who would want to live in a place like this?
Who would want to live there, really?
Who would want to live there?
Who would want to marry me?
Who would want to ride a camel?
Who would want to set you up?
Who would want us dead?
Who would want you dead?
Who would we talk to?
Who would wear that?
Who would win in this hypothetical matchup?
Who would win the next presidential election in Algeria?
Who would you ask for advice?
Who would you call in a crisis?
Who would you choose?
Who would you go with?
Who would you invite to dinner?
Who would you like to fall in love with?
Who would you like to invite?
Who would you like to speak to?
Who would you like to speak with, please?
Who would you like to speak with?
Who would you most like to sing with?
Who would you nominate for this award?
Who would you rather go out with, Tom or John?
Who would you recommend for the job?
Who would you recommend?
Who would you save?
Who would you say they are?
Who would you vote for?
Who would you want to be stranded on a small island with?
Who would you want to be stranded with on a deserted island?
Who would you want to meet?
Who would you want to play you in a movie of your life?
Who would you want to trade places with?
Who would've cared?
Who would've done that?
Who would've done this?
Who would've dreamed that Tom would ever graduate?
Who would've predicted this?
Who would've thought Tom would change?
Who would've thought it possible?
Who would've thought it?
Who would've thought that Tom would change?
Who would've thought that the chubby kid across the street would become a world-famous bodybuilder?
Who would've thought that would happen?
Who would've thought that you'd be late?
Who would've thought that?
Who would've thought the rain would ever stop?
Who would've thought this would happen?
Who would've thought we would get in trouble?
Who would've thought?
Who wouldn't be happy here?
Who wouldn't become enamored now?
Who wouldn't like that?
Who wouldn't like to be a success?
Who wouldn't like to go through life free of pain?
Who wouldn't like to speak French?
Who wouldn't like to speak Gaelic?
Who wouldn't like to visit Algeria?
Who wouldn't love Sami?
Who wouldn't love cats?
Who wouldn't love to find one of these under the tree on Christmas morning?
Who wouldn't love to live in Algiers?
Who wouldn't wanna be rich?
Who wouldn't want that?
Who wouldn't want to be beautiful and rich?
Who wouldn't want to do that?
Who wouldn't want to go out with Mary?
Who wouldn't want to live here?
Who wouldn't watch that show?
Who wrinkled my shirts?
Who writes letters nowadays?
Who writes the fortunes that are inside fortune cookies?
Who wrote "The Prince"?
Who wrote "War and Peace"?
Who wrote Faust?
Who wrote Hamlet?
Who wrote Romeo and Juliet?
Who wrote a letter?
Who wrote all these letters?
Who wrote it?
Who wrote such an unrefined article?
Who wrote that book?
Who wrote that book? It was John.
Who wrote that brilliant article?
Who wrote that letter?
Who wrote that poem?
Who wrote that pop song?
Who wrote that song you just sang?
Who wrote that song?
Who wrote that speech for you?
Who wrote that text?
Who wrote that?
Who wrote the Bible?
Who wrote the Declaration of Independence?
Who wrote the Harry Potter books?
Who wrote the book that you're reading?
Who wrote the book you're reading?
Who wrote the book?
Who wrote the letter?
Who wrote the music?
Who wrote the novel "Askuti"?
Who wrote the preface for this book?
Who wrote the preface to his book?
Who wrote the two letters?
Who wrote these letters?
Who wrote these messages?
Who wrote these poems?
Who wrote these stories?
Who wrote these two letters?
Who wrote these?
Who wrote this article?
Who wrote this book?
Who wrote this bullshit?
Who wrote this document?
Who wrote this essay? It has no name.
Who wrote this letter?
Who wrote this message?
Who wrote this note?
Who wrote this obituary?
Who wrote this on me?
Who wrote this poem?
Who wrote this report?
Who wrote this script?
Who wrote this sentence?
Who wrote this short story?
Who wrote this song?
Who wrote this speech?
Who wrote this story?
Who wrote this tale?
Who wrote this text?
Who wrote this writer's biography?
Who wrote this?
Who wrote to Tom?
Who wrote to her?
Who wrote to him?
Who wrote to them?
Who wrote you that letter?
Who wrote you this letter?
Who yelled at Tom, and why?
Who yelled?
Who you are becoming is more important than who you’ve been.
Who ’s your favorite philosopher?
Who!
Who'd believe you anyway?
Who'd believe your story?
Who'd buy one of those?
Who'd buy this?
Who'd ever want to leave here?
Who'd go out in this weather if they didn't have to?
Who'd have thought that would happen?
Who'd have thought this is how the pieces fit?
Who'd hurt Tom?
Who'd hurt him?
Who'd kiss Tom?
Who'd kiss him?
Who'd know that?
Who'd know the answer?
Who'd like an ice cream?
Who'd like another piece of cake?
Who'd like ice cream?
Who'd like to answer the question?
Who'd like to go first?
Who'd like to learn French?
Who'd like to say something?
Who'd want to hire Tom?
Who'd want to hire her?
Who'd want to hire him?
Who'd want to hire me?
Who'd want to hire them?
Who'd want to hire us?
Who'd want to hire you?
Who'd want to hurt Tom?
Who'd want to hurt her?
Who'd want to hurt him?
Who'd want to hurt me?
Who'd want to hurt them?
Who'd want to hurt us?
Who'd want to hurt you?
Who'd want to kill Tom?
Who'd want to kill me?
Who'd want to kill you?
Who'd want to live here?
Who'd want to live in a place like this?
Who'd want to live there?
Who'd want to wear that?
Who'd you invite?
Who'll Tom eat lunch with?
Who'll Tom's next victim be?
Who'll accompany me?
Who'll attend?
Who'll be at the meeting next week?
Who'll be at the meeting this afternoon?
Who'll be at the party tonight?
Who'll be elected chairman?
Who'll be in Australia with you?
Who'll be in Boston with you?
Who'll be last?
Who'll be next?
Who'll be our next president?
Who'll be taking over from Cynthia when she retires?
Who'll be the driver?
Who'll be the first to die?
Who'll be the first to go?
Who'll be the next class president, Tom or Mary?
Who'll be there tonight?
Who'll be there?
Who'll be with you?
Who'll believe that?
Who'll believe us?
Who'll buy it?
Who'll buy that for us?
Who'll buy the theater tickets?
Who'll carry the bags?
Who'll challenge me?
Who'll clean it up?
Who'll clean that up?
Who'll clean up after you?
Who'll come next?
Who'll come with you?
Who'll come?
Who'll comfort us when we're sad?
Who'll cook?
Who'll defend Tom?
Who'll do all this?
Who'll do it now?
Who'll do that for us?
Who'll do that tomorrow, I wonder.
Who'll do that with Tom?
Who'll do that with you?
Who'll do that?
Who'll do the cleaning?
Who'll drive us to the airport?
Who'll drive?
Who'll eat the rest?
Who'll eat with us?
Who'll enforce these laws?
Who'll fight?
Who'll fix these mistakes?
Who'll forbid Tom?
Who'll get there the quickest?
Who'll get up first?
Who'll give me a ride?
Who'll go there hasn't been decided.
Who'll go there isn't yet decided.
Who'll go to Australia with Tom?
Who'll go to Australia with you?
Who'll go to Boston with Tom?
Who'll go to Boston with you?
Who'll go to Boston?
Who'll go to the airport to meet Tom?
Who'll go with Tom?
Who'll go with me?
Who'll go with us?
Who'll go?
Who'll govern the country?
Who'll greet the guests?
Who'll handle this case?
Who'll handle this problem?
Who'll hear the case?
Who'll help us?
Who'll help you do that?
Who'll help you?
Who'll keep an eye on things?
Who'll keep you company?
Who'll look after Tom?
Who'll look after the children?
Who'll look after your cat while you are away?
Who'll look after your cat?
Who'll look after your dog tomorrow?
Who'll meet Tom?
Who'll operate on Tom?
Who'll order what?
Who'll pay for it?
Who'll pay for that?
Who'll pay for the broken plates?
Who'll pay for the loss?
Who'll pay for the wall?
Who'll pay for this?
Who'll pay the bill?
Who'll pay the bills?
Who'll pay the rent?
Who'll pay us for those losses?
Who'll pick Tom up from school?
Who'll play the drums?
Who'll play the role of the princess?
Who'll prepare the food?
Who'll protect us from our guardians?
Who'll protect us?
Who'll protect you?
Who'll provide capital for the venture?
Who'll replace you?
Who'll rescue us?
Who'll row?
Who'll sail with you?
Who'll save Tom?
Who'll save us?
Who'll sing with Tom?
Who'll sing?
Who'll sit in the back?
Who'll start?
Who'll stay here?
Who'll stay with your children while you're out working?
Who'll stop Tom?
Who'll stop me?
Who'll stop them?
Who'll succeed?
Who'll supervise Tom?
Who'll tackle this problem?
Who'll take care of Tom?
Who'll take care of me?
Who'll take care of the children?
Who'll take care of the dog while we're away?
Who'll take care of the dog while we're gone?
Who'll take care of things here?
Who'll take care of you?
Who'll take care of your cat then?
Who'll take care of your cats while you're gone?
Who'll take care of your dog while you're in Australia?
Who'll take care of your dog while you're in Boston?
Who'll take care of your house when you're away?
Who'll take me to the airport?
Who'll take over Cynthia's job when she retires?
Who'll tell Tom about this?
Who'll tell Tom?
Who'll tell him?
Who'll tend to things here?
Who'll the new teacher be?
Who'll they be replaced with?
Who'll try the case?
Who'll try this case?
Who'll walk the dog?
Who'll warn Tom?
Who'll wash my car for two Euros?
Who'll wash the dishes after dinner?
Who'll wash the dishes?
Who'll win this time?
Who'll write the report?
Who'll you be dining with?
Who'll you come with?
Who'll you eat with?
Who'll you meet at the mall?
Who'll you root for?
Who'll you vote for?
Who're Tom and Mary planning to take to the prom?
Who're Tom and Mary with?
Who're you calling now?
Who're you looking for?
Who're you ringing now?
Who're you saying has it?
Who're you talking to, clown?
Who're you talking to, fool?
Who's Algeria's finance minister?
Who's Emily?
Who's God?
Who's Jesus to you?
Who's John Bull?
Who's Martha's secret admirer?
Who's Mary and how does she know me?
Who's Mary going out with?
Who's Mary's friend?
Who's Mary's husband?
Who's Mr. Owen?
Who's Peter?
Who's Prophet Muhammad to you?
Who's Rima's boyfriend?
Who's Rima's pimp?
Who's Tatoeba? Your new girlfriend?
Who's Tom Jackson?
Who's Tom afraid of?
Who's Tom and how does he know me?
Who's Tom arguing with?
Who's Tom been fighting with?
Who's Tom been singing with?
Who's Tom climbing with?
Who's Tom collaborating with?
Who's Tom dancing with?
Who's Tom dating?
Who's Tom drinking with?
Who's Tom eating with?
Who's Tom expecting?
Who's Tom fighting?
Who's Tom flirting with?
Who's Tom friends with?
Who's Tom girlfriend?
Who's Tom going to Australia with?
Who's Tom going to Boston with?
Who's Tom going to do that with?
Who's Tom going to listen to?
Who's Tom having breakfast with?
Who's Tom having dinner with?
Who's Tom living with?
Who's Tom looking at?
Who's Tom looking for?
Who's Tom making fun of now?
Who's Tom out sailing with?
Who's Tom planning to take to the prom?
Who's Tom playing with?
Who's Tom pretending to be?
Who's Tom really working for?
Who's Tom rehearsing with?
Who's Tom sailing with?
Who's Tom seeing?
Who's Tom singing with?
Who's Tom speaking to?
Who's Tom swimming with?
Who's Tom talking about?
Who's Tom talking to?
Who's Tom to tell me what to do?
Who's Tom traveling with?
Who's Tom trying to impress?
Who's Tom visiting?
Who's Tom waiting for?
Who's Tom walking with?
Who's Tom whispering to?
Who's Tom with?
Who's Tom working with today?
Who's Tom working with?
Who's Tom's French teacher?
Who's Tom's father?
Who's Tom's favorite actress?
Who's Tom's girlfriend?
Who's Tom's homeroom teacher?
Who's Tom's lawyer?
Who's Tom's mentor?
Who's Tom's mother?
Who's Tom's partner?
Who's Tom's roommate?
Who's Tom's wife?
Who's Tom?
Who's Tom? Is he your new boyfriend?
Who's Tom? Oh, right. I had a brain fart.
Who's Yanni?
Who's a better French speaker, Tom or Mary?
Who's a better cook, Tom or Mary?
Who's a better driver, Tom or Mary?
Who's a good boy?
Who's a good dog?
Who's a good kitty?
Who's a little cutie pie?
Who's able to explain this to me?
Who's absent today?
Who's absent?
Who's accusing you?
Who's afraid of Tom?
Who's afraid of the big bad wolf?
Who's afraid?
Who's after you?
Who's all this for?
Who's allowed to call a spade a spade?
Who's allowed to vote?
Who's already awake?
Who's already had breakfast?
Who's applying this pressure?
Who's asked this question?
Who's asking for him?
Who's asking this question?
Who's asking?
Who's at Tom's place?
Who's at Tom's?
Who's at fault?
Who's at home?
Who's at the door?
Who's at the gate?
Who's at the switchboard today?
Who's at the wheel?
Who's awake?
Who's babysitting your kids tonight?
Who's bag is this for?
Who's banging on the door at this hour?
Who's been calling you late at night?
Who's been drinking my wine?
Who's been eating my peanuts?
Who's been helping you?
Who's been keeping count?
Who's been kidnapped?
Who's been sending these pictures to you?
Who's been sending you these pictures?
Who's been shot?
Who's been smoking here?
Who's been smoking in here?
Who's been spreading these lies?
Who's been stealing from us?
Who's been talking to Tom?
Who's been talking to her?
Who's been talking to him?
Who's been talking to them?
Who's been talking to you?
Who's been texting you?
Who's been watching you?
Who's behind all this?
Who's behind it?
Who's behind the plot?
Who's behind this?
Who's behind you?
Who's being prosecuted?
Who's being punished?
Who's better at French, Tom or Mary?
Who's better at French, you or Tom?
Who's better at chess, Tom or Mary?
Who's better looking, Tom or Mary?
Who's bringing this child up, Matthew, you or me?
Who's broken the new telly?
Who's brought a kitten to school? Was it you?
Who's brought the cake?
Who's buying the beer?
Who's buying these bonds?
Who's buying these things?
Who's buying?
Who's calling at this hour?
Who's calling me?
Who's calling us at this time of night?
Who's calling, please?
Who's calling?
Who's causing all the problems?
Who's chairing the meeting today?
Who's coming for dinner?
Who's coming for supper?
Who's coming over this afternoon?
Who's coming to Boston with me?
Who's coming to dinner?
Who's coming to help?
Who's coming to lunch with me tomorrow?
Who's coming to lunch?
Who's coming to our party?
Who's coming to see me?
Who's coming to see you?
Who's coming to the party?
Who's coming to the show?
Who's coming to visit us?
Who's coming to your party?
Who's coming tonight?
Who's coming with me?
Who's coming with us?
Who's coming with you?
Who's coming?
Who's complaining?
Who's conducting the orchestra tonight?
Who's confused?
Who's cooking dinner tonight?
Who's crazy enough to do that?
Who's crying?
Who's dancing upstairs?
Who's dating who here?
Who's dating who?
Who's dieting?
Who's doing that now?
Who's doing the dishes?
Who's doing the laundry?
Who's doing the shopping today?
Who's doing the washing up today?
Who's done all this?
Who's down there with you?
Who's drinking beer?
Who's driving us to the stadium?
Who's driving?
Who's dying?
Who's easier to get along with, Tom or Mary?
Who's eaten all the biscuits?
Who's eaten all the cheese?
Who's eaten all the cookies?
Who's eaten the cheese?
Who's eaten the last biscuit?
Who's eating now?
Who's eating?
Who's excited?
Who's faster, you or Tom?
Who's faster, you or me?
Who's fasting?
Who's feeding these people?
Who's feeling the same?
Who's filched my pen?
Who's filming this?
Who's first on your list?
Who's first?
Who's footing the bill?
Who's free?
Who's friendlier, Tom or Mary?
Who's funding the project?
Who's getting married?
Who's giving the main speech?
Who's going first?
Who's going shopping today?
Who's going to Australia with you?
Who's going to Boston with you?
Who's going to babysit our kids?
Who's going to be here tomorrow?
Who's going to be here?
Who's going to be next?
Who's going to be responsible for making sure that gets done?
Who's going to be sitting next to me?
Who's going to be sitting next to you?
Who's going to be the judge of what is spam and what is nonsense? You?
Who's going to be there?
Who's going to beat Tom?
Who's going to beat me?
Who's going to beat them?
Who's going to believe Tom?
Who's going to believe her?
Who's going to believe him?
Who's going to believe me?
Who's going to believe that?
Who's going to believe them?
Who's going to believe us?
Who's going to believe you?
Who's going to build it?
Who's going to buy that for Tom?
Who's going to buy that for me?
Who's going to buy the beer?
Who's going to buy the food for the party?
Who's going to check with Tom?
Who's going to clean up all this mess?
Who's going to clean up this mess?
Who's going to clean up tonight?
Who's going to clear up all this mess?
Who's going to come to Boston with me?
Who's going to comfort you?
Who's going to cook for us?
Who's going to cook?
Who's going to cover the costs?
Who's going to do it?
Who's going to do that for Tom?
Who's going to do that for me?
Who's going to do that for us?
Who's going to do that for you?
Who's going to do that now?
Who's going to do that?
Who's going to do the washing up today?
Who's going to do this?
Who's going to do what?
Who's going to drive me to the airport?
Who's going to drive you to the airport?
Who's going to drive?
Who's going to eat all that?
Who's going to eat lunch with us?
Who's going to eat the last churro?
Who's going to feed him?
Who's going to foot the bill?
Who's going to give me a ride?
Who's going to give us a ride?
Who's going to help Tom?
Who's going to help me wash these dishes?
Who's going to help me?
Who's going to help us get this done?
Who's going to help us?
Who's going to help you do that?
Who's going to help you?
Who's going to hurt you?
Who's going to know?
Who's going to light the fire?
Who's going to light the fireworks?
Who's going to look after my sick grandfather if something happens to me?
Who's going to look after our dog?
Who's going to look after the children?
Who's going to look after your cat?
Who's going to make breakfast?
Who's going to make dinner?
Who's going to make lunch?
Who's going to make sure that things are going to get done the way that they should?
Who's going to make the announcement?
Who's going to meet Tom at the airport?
Who's going to meet you?
Who's going to notice?
Who's going to paint your fence?
Who's going to pay for all of this?
Who's going to pay for all this?
Who's going to pay for that?
Who's going to pay for the gas today?
Who's going to pay for these tickets?
Who's going to pay for this?
Who's going to pay the bill?
Who's going to pay the mechanic?
Who's going to pay this bill?
Who's going to pick Tom up at the airport?
Who's going to pick up the tab for this?
Who's going to play tennis?
Who's going to replace Tom?
Who's going to replace me?
Who's going to see you off at the railway station?
Who's going to sing at the party?
Who's going to sing for us?
Who's going to speak tonight?
Who's going to start the fire?
Who's going to stay at home to receive the guests?
Who's going to stop Tom?
Who's going to stop her?
Who's going to stop him?
Who's going to stop me?
Who's going to stop them?
Who's going to stop us?
Who's going to stop you?
Who's going to take care of Ziri?
Who's going to take care of my dog while I'm gone?
Who's going to teach me how to drive?
Who's going to tell Mary she can't go with us?
Who's going to tell Tom about this?
Who's going to tell Tom and Mary they can't do that?
Who's going to tell Tom and Mary they can't go with us?
Who's going to tell Tom he can't do that?
Who's going to tell Tom he can't go with us?
Who's going to tell Tom that he can't do that?
Who's going to tell Tom the truth?
Who's going to tell Tom they can't do that?
Who's going to tell Tom what needs to be done?
Who's going to tell Tom what to do?
Who's going to tell Tom?
Who's going to tell Yanni the truth?
Who's going to tell her?
Who's going to tell him?
Who's going to tell me?
Who's going to tell them?
Who's going to tell us?
Who's going to the airport to meet Tom?
Who's going to the beach?
Who's going to the mall with you?
Who's going to the party?
Who's going to try the case?
Who's going to try this case?
Who's going to try your case?
Who's going to walk the dog?
Who's going to want to do that?
Who's going to wear them?
Who's going to win the election, Mary or Tom?
Who's going to win?
Who's going with me?
Who's going with us?
Who's going with you tomorrow?
Who's going with you?
Who's going?
Who's gone and messed up my list of names?
Who's gone rogue?
Who's gonna be next?
Who's gonna be there?
Who's gonna believe him?
Who's gonna play Romeo and Juliet?
Who's gonna play Romeo?
Who's gonna read such a thick book?
Who's got a fast computer?
Who's got a key to this flat?
Who's got a red colouring pencil?
Who's got my purse?
Who's got questions?
Who's got the keys to the flat?
Who's got the starring role?
Who's got the tickets?
Who's got time for that?
Who's had enough?
Who's having a problem here, you or Tom?
Who's having sex with who?
Who's he and what's his name?
Who's he when he's at home?
Who's he?
Who's headlining Glastonbury this year?
Who's heavier, Tom or Mary?
Who's helped them?
Who's helping Tom?
Who's helping him?
Who's helping this customer?
Who's helping you?
Who's helping your mother?
Who's her best friend?
Who's her father?
Who's her friend?
Who's here now?
Who's here with you?
Who's here?
Who's hiding behind the curtain?
Who's hiding behind the curtains?
Who's hiding in there?
Who's his friend?
Who's hitting who?
Who's hoovering? It's making a right old racket.
Who's hosting today's party?
Who's humming?
Who's hungry?
Who's idea was that?
Who's ill?
Who's in Australia with Tom?
Who's in Boston with Tom?
Who's in Mary's way?
Who's in Tom's office with him?
Who's in charge around here?
Who's in charge here?
Who's in charge now?
Who's in charge of doing that?
Who's in charge of that?
Who's in charge of the sales section?
Who's in charge of the school kitchen?
Who's in charge of this building?
Who's in charge of this matter?
Who's in charge of this section?
Who's in charge?
Who's in command here?
Who's in command of this unit?
Who's in command?
Who's in control?
Who's in favor?
Who's in first place?
Who's in it?
Who's in that car?
Who's in the basement with you?
Who's in the basement?
Who's in the classroom now?
Who's in the classroom?
Who's in the house?
Who's in the kitchen?
Who's in the living room?
Who's in the lobby?
Who's in the next room?
Who's in the room with us?
Who's in the room?
Who's in the wrong in this situation?
Who's in there now?
Who's in there with you?
Who's in this photograph?
Who's investigating Tom?
Who's it for?
Who's joking?
Who's knocking at the door?
Who's knocking on the door so late at night?
Who's knocking on the door?
Who's last?
Who's last? I'm after you.
Who's laughing downstairs?
Who's laughing now?
Who's laughing upstairs?
Who's laughing?
Who's leaving?
Who's left the door open?
Who's listening?
Who's living in Boston now?
Who's looking after your children?
Who's looking after your dogs?
Who's looking at me?
Who's looking for me?
Who's looking out for them?
Who's losing in this war?
Who's maintaining it?
Who's making all that noise?
Who's making that racket?
Who's making the decisions?
Who's meowing?
Who's missing from this photo?
Who's missing?
Who's more fluent at French, Tom or Mary?
Who's more important, me or Tatoeba?
Who's more likely to remember the circumstances of when this photo was taken?
Who's more talkative, Tom or Mary?
Who's most likely to do that first?
Who's my opponent?
Who's my teacher?
Who's next in line?
Who's next on the list?
Who's next on your list?
Who's next?
Who's nicked my hairdryer?
Who's not busy?
Who's not coming?
Who's not here yet?
Who's not here?
Who's not wearing gloves?
Who's not yet here?
Who's number one?
Who's older, Tom or Mary?
Who's older, you or Tom?
Who's older, you or me?
Who's older, your mother or your father?
Who's older?
Who's on diet?
Who's on duty now?
Who's on duty today?
Who's on duty tonight?
Who's on duty?
Who's on guard duty tonight.
Who's on my side?
Who's on night duty?
Who's on the guest list?
Who's on the phone?
Who's on the team?
Who's on top?
Who's on watch?
Who's on your list?
Who's on your side?
Who's on your team?
Who's one of your favorite bass players?
Who's only Chinese?
Who's out there?
Who's overreacting?
Who's paying for the food?
Who's paying for the gas?
Who's paying for the wedding?
Who's paying for this book?
Who's paying for this?
Who's paying?
Who's picking Tom up from kindergarten today?
Who's picking on my sweet child?
Who's picking up the tab?
Who's piloting that airplane?
Who's pinched my hairdrier?
Who's planning what?
Who's playing hockey tonight?
Who's playing piano in the living room?
Who's playing the guitar?
Who's playing the part of the princess?
Who's playing the piano in the living room?
Who's playing the piano right now?
Who's playing the piano?
Who's playing the role of the princess?
Who's playing the violin?
Who's playing tomorrow?
Who's playing who?
Who's playing with who?
Who's playing with whom?
Who's playing?
Who's prettier, Rima or Nuja?
Who's protecting Tom?
Who's pulling the strings behind the scenes?
Who's quitting?
Who's reading this stupid magazine?
Who's ready for more?
Who's ready for that?
Who's ready to command?
Who's ready to dance?
Who's ready to order?
Who's ready?
Who's really good in German?
Who's really to blame?
Who's replacing you?
Who's representing France this year?
Who's resigning?
Who's responsible for all this?
Who's responsible for that?
Who's responsible for these?
Who's responsible for this mess in the kitchen?
Who's responsible for this mess?
Who's responsible for this mistake?
Who's responsible for this problem?
Who's responsible for this?
Who's responsible?
Who's right?
Who's ringing at the door?
Who's ringing, please?
Who's running this place?
Who's scared?
Who's screaming?
Who's searching for me?
Who's seen Tom?
Who's seen me?
Who's seen my book?
Who's she when she's at home?
Who's she with?
Who's she?
Who's she? Your girlfriend?
Who's shorter, Tom or Mary?
Who's shorter, you or Tom?
Who's shorter, you or me?
Who's sick?
Who's singing with Tom now?
Who's singing with him now?
Who's singing?
Who's sitting next to you?
Who's sitting on the chair?
Who's sleeping here?
Who's smiling at you?
Who's snoring?
Who's sorry now?
Who's speaking at the meeting tonight?
Who's speaking?
Who's standing there?
Who's standing?
Who's staying?
Who's stealing my example sentences?
Who's stealing my sentences?
Who's stealing who?
Who's stealing your example sentences?
Who's still awake?
Who's still here?
Who's still working?
Who's stolen my hairdryer?
Who's stronger, you or Tom?
Who's stronger, you or me?
Who's supposed to be doing that?
Who's supposed to be there?
Who's supposed to clean up this mess?
Who's supposed to do that?
Who's supposed to eat all that?
Who's supposed to help you?
Who's supposed to stay and help Tom do that?
Who's supposed to take out the garbage?
Who's switched off the heating again?
Who's switched the heating off again?
Who's taken those apples?
Who's taking care of Tom now?
Who's taking care of Tom?
Who's taking care of you now that your mom is gone?
Who's taking care of you?
Who's taking care of your kids?
Who's taking charge here?
Who's taking responsibility for the loss?
Who's taking responsibility for this mess?
Who's taking responsibility for this problem?
Who's taking responsibility for this?
Who's taking the kids to school today?
Who's taking the kids to school?
Who's taking you home?
Who's talking to Tom?
Who's talking to them?
Who's talking to who?
Who's talking?
Who's taller, Tom or Mary?
Who's taller, you or Tom?
Who's taller, you or me?
Who's taller?
Who's telling the truth?
Who's that adorable man?
Who's that banging on the door at this time of the night?
Who's that beautiful girl who lives next door to you?
Who's that beautiful lady?
Who's that beautiful woman eating all alone?
Who's that behind the wheel?
Who's that blonde woman?
Who's that book by?
Who's that boy playing the guitar over there?
Who's that boy running toward us?
Who's that boy standing at the door?
Who's that boy swimming over there?
Who's that boy?
Who's that by his side?
Who's that calling your name?
Who's that coppertop?
Who's that crazy person?
Who's that crossing the bridge?
Who's that cute boy?
Who's that cute girl I saw you with at the mall?
Who's that cute girl over there?
Who's that cute girl?
Who's that cute guy I saw you with yesterday?
Who's that cute guy?
Who's that cute redhead?
Who's that dancing with Tom?
Who's that dark figure in the background?
Who's that fat man?
Who's that fella with the moustache?
Who's that fellow over there?
Who's that for?
Who's that foxy-looking girl?
Who's that gentleman?
Who's that girl Tom is flirting with?
Who's that girl in the pink dress?
Who's that girl sitting over there?
Who's that girl smiling at Tom?
Who's that girl that Tom is flirting with?
Who's that girl waving at me?
Who's that girl waving at you?
Who's that girl who winked at you?
Who's that girl with Tom?
Who's that girl with the red sash?
Who's that girl?
Who's that guy in the mask?
Who's that guy in the painting?
Who's that guy leaning against your car?
Who's that guy over there staring at you?
Who's that guy over there who looks like Tom?
Who's that guy over there who looks so much like Tom?
Who's that guy over there?
Who's that guy swimming in the river?
Who's that guy with the goatee?
Who's that guy with the mustache?
Who's that guy working with Tom?
Who's that guy, anyway?
Who's that guy?
Who's that handsome boy over there?
Who's that handsome fellow?
Who's that handsome man?
Who's that handsome young man?
Who's that idiot?
Who's that in the car with Tom?
Who's that in the corner over there?
Who's that in the red sunglasses?
Who's that kid?
Who's that lady?
Who's that lame boy?
Who's that letter addressed to?
Who's that letter from?
Who's that little kid?
Who's that man dressed in black?
Who's that man in the black coat?
Who's that man over there wearing a baseball cap?
Who's that man over there who's smiling?
Who's that man over there with a mustache?
Who's that man over there?
Who's that man painting the fence?
Who's that man sitting in the corner?
Who's that man standing in front of the building?
Who's that man standing in the driveway?
Who's that man standing over there?
Who's that man that you were talking to?
Who's that man with a beard?
Who's that man you were talking to?
Who's that man you were talking with?
Who's that man?
Who's that man? Do you know him?
Who's that maniac?
Who's that next to Tom?
Who's that old man?
Who's that old woman?
Who's that other guy?
Who's that over there?
Who's that package for?
Who's that person over there?
Who's that person talking to Tom?
Who's that person who was with Tom?
Who's that person?
Who's that playing the piano?
Who's that poem by?
Who's that pregnant woman?
Who's that pretty girl?
Who's that singing with Tom?
Who's that sitting next to you in this picture?
Who's that smiling at you?
Who's that standing in front of that building?
Who's that standing next to Tom?
Who's that standing over there?
Who's that stranger?
Who's that swimming in the pool?
Who's that swimming with Tom?
Who's that talking to Tom?
Who's that tall girl standing next to Tom?
Who's that tall lad with the long dark hair playing the guitar?
Who's that tall man over there?
Who's that there?
Who's that ugly man?
Who's that weirdo?
Who's that when they're at home?
Who's that with Tom?
Who's that with the hat?
Who's that with the moustache?
Who's that with the twirly moustache?
Who's that woman I saw you with the other night?
Who's that woman dancing with Tom?
Who's that woman dressed in pink?
Who's that woman holding the flowers?
Who's that woman in our bed?
Who's that woman in the black dress?
Who's that woman in the brown coat?
Who's that woman kissing Tom?
Who's that woman over there?
Who's that woman standing next to Tom?
Who's that woman standing over there?
Who's that woman talking to Dad?
Who's that woman talking to Tom?
Who's that woman that I saw you with the other night?
Who's that woman that's dancing with Tom?
Who's that woman there? Is she all alone?
Who's that woman who's dancing with Tom?
Who's that woman with Tom?
Who's that woman with curly hair?
Who's that woman with the brown coat?
Who's that woman?
Who's that young guy?
Who's that young woman?
Who's that?
Who's the DJ today?
Who's the architect?
Who's the artist, if I may ask?
Who's the author of that book?
Who's the author of the novel that you're reading?
Who's the author of the novel you're reading?
Who's the author of the novel?
Who's the author of this book?
Who's the author of this story?
Who's the author?
Who's the best French speaker here?
Who's the best French speaker in your family?
Who's the best French speaker in your office?
Who's the best athlete?
Who's the best basketball player in the world?
Who's the best hunter?
Who's the best lawyer?
Who's the best person for the job?
Who's the best person to lodge a complaint with?
Who's the best person to make a complaint to?
Who's the best person to speak with to file a complaint?
Who's the best player?
Who's the best singer in our company?
Who's the best singer in your family?
Who's the best student in the class.
Who's the best swimmer in your family?
Who's the best-looking person in your class?
Who's the better athlete?
Who's the better driver?
Who's the better hunter?
Who's the boss here?
Who's the boss in the house?
Who's the boss now?
Who's the boss of this company?
Who's the boss?
Who's the boy dancing with Mary?
Who's the boy in this picture?
Who's the boy playing guitar?
Who's the boy sitting in the corner?
Who's the boy standing near the gate?
Who's the boy swimming over there?
Who's the boy that's swimming over there?
Who's the bride?
Who's the butt of the joke?
Who's the buyer?
Who's the captain of this ship?
Who's the company president?
Who's the company's president?
Who's the composer of this symphony?
Who's the culprit?
Who's the cutie in the blue shirt?
Who's the dead man?
Who's the director?
Who's the doctor on duty today?
Who's the enemy of the Muslim faith?
Who's the fastest one here?
Who's the father?
Who's the fellow that just said hello to you?
Who's the first person on your list?
Who's the first to die?
Who's the fool now?
Who's the funniest person in your class?
Who's the funniest person in your family?
Who's the funniest teacher in your school?
Who's the gentleman Tom is speaking to?
Who's the girl I saw you talking to?
Who's the girl I saw you talking with?
Who's the girl Tom is talking to?
Who's the girl at the door?
Who's the girl at the entrance door?
Who's the girl in a yellow raincoat?
Who's the girl in the pink dress, sat over there?
Who's the girl in this picture?
Who's the girl sitting next to Tom?
Who's the girl sitting under the tree?
Who's the girl standing at the door?
Who's the girl standing near the door?
Who's the girl standing over there?
Who's the girl that Tom is talking to?
Who's the girl that was in your car?
Who's the girl wearing the red dress?
Who's the girl who is crying?
Who's the girl who's crying?
Who's the girl who's sitting under the tree?
Who's the girl with the wavy hair?
Who's the girl with you?
Who's the goalie?
Who's the goalkeeper?
Who's the god Muslims pray to?
Who's the gorgeous girl I saw wandering around in the mall with you?
Who's the greatest composer of all time?
Who's the group leader?
Who's the guy Rima married?
Who's the guy Tom is talking to?
Who's the guy in the mask?
Who's the guy on the left?
Who's the guy over there talking with Tom?
Who's the guy over there?
Who's the guy talking to Tom?
Who's the guy that was killed on this hill?
Who's the happy couple?
Who's the heaviest in your family?
Who's the highest bidder?
Who's the idiot that did this?
Who's the idiot who did that?
Who's the idiot who did this?
Who's the imam of this mosque?
Who's the keeper?
Who's the killer?
Who's the king?
Who's the lady Tom is speaking to?
Who's the lady at the door?
Who's the lady over there?
Who's the lady that just came through the door?
Who's the lady waiting at the door?
Who's the lady who just came through the door?
Who's the last in line?
Who's the last one?
Who's the last person to see Tom alive?
Who's the lawyer handling the suit?
Who's the laziest person that you know?
Who's the laziest person you know?
Who's the lead singer of the group this year?
Who's the leader?
Who's the letter addressed to?
Who's the little guy?
Who's the loser?
Who's the lucky girl?
Who's the lucky guy?
Who's the lucky one?
Who's the man at the other side of the table?
Who's the man in the room?
Who's the man in this photo?
Who's the man in this picture?
Who's the man leaning against the gate?
Who's the man playing the piano?
Who's the man playing the violin?
Who's the man sitting at the other end of the table?
Who's the man standing next to your car?
Who's the man talking to Tom?
Who's the man talking with Tom?
Who's the man that's leaning against the gate?
Who's the man who spoke to you?
Who's the man who was killed on this hill?
Who's the man who was talking to Tom?
Who's the man who was talking to you?
Who's the man who was talking with you?
Who's the man who's talking with Tom?
Who's the manager of that baseball team?
Who's the manager?
Who's the managing director of this company?
Who's the mayor now?
Who's the mayor?
Who's the more experienced flyer: A fly or a pilot?
Who's the most beautiful girl in your class?
Who's the most creative person you know?
Who's the most famous person in Boson?
Who's the most famous person you've ever spoken to?
Who's the most important person in your life?
Who's the most intelligent person you know?
Who's the most talented, in your opinion?
Who's the naughty boy that broke the window?
Who's the naughty kid that dared stay up this late?
Who's the new girl?
Who's the new governor?
Who's the new guest?
Who's the new guy?
Who's the new head coach?
Who's the new teacher?
Who's the next candidate?
Who's the next in line?
Who's the next person on your list?
Who's the oldest in your class?
Who's the oldest person you know?
Who's the one on the left?
Who's the one who did that?
Who's the one who ding-dong-ditched me in the middle of the night?!
Who's the one who has to do that?
Who's the one who never goes to study in the library?
Who's the one who pays all the bills?
Who's the one who pays the bills?
Who's the one who usually does that?
Who's the one who's writing this bullshit?
Who's the other woman? Does she have a name?
Who's the owner of the cafe?
Who's the owner of the store?
Who's the owner of this car?
Who's the owner of this house?
Who's the owner of this lorry?
Who's the owner of this property?
Who's the owner?
Who's the party for?
Who's the patrol leader?
Who's the person Tom is singing with?
Who's the person Tom is speaking to?
Who's the person Tom went to Australia to help?
Who's the person Tom went to Boston to help?
Who's the person Tom went to visit in Boston?
Who's the person in charge?
Who's the person in the photo looking over her right shoulder?
Who's the person singing with Tom?
Who's the person sitting at the other end of the table?
Who's the person sitting next to Tom?
Who's the person standing in front of that building?
Who's the person that's standing in front of that building?
Who's the person who did that?
Who's the person who just spoke to you?
Who's the person who was just speaking to you?
Who's the person who wrote this essay? There's no name.
Who's the person with Tom?
Who's the photographer?
Who's the pimp here?
Who's the pizza for?
Who's the president in your country?
Who's the president of Algeria?
Who's the president of America?
Who's the president of this company?
Who's the president of this country?
Who's the president of your company?
Who's the president?
Who's the pretty young woman who's with you?
Who's the regiment commander?
Who's the representative from your district?
Who's the richest man in Australia?
Who's the richest person in Australia?
Who's the richest person in the world?
Who's the richest person you know?
Who's the scally who broke the window?
Who's the scamp who broke the window?
Who's the second in command?
Who's the shortest in your family?
Who's the slutty girl with Elias?
Who's the smartest kid in your class?
Who's the smartest person you know?
Who's the sponsor?
Who's the store's owner?
Who's the strongest kid?
Who's the strongest?
Who's the tall guy playing the guitar?
Who's the tallest in your family?
Who's the tallest of the five?
Who's the tallest person in your family?
Who's the tallest person you know?
Who's the team's coach?
Who's the top man here?
Who's the translator of these texts?
Who's the treasurer?
Who's the underdog in this match?
Who's the wally who's chucked his socks in the loo?
Who's the wisest person you know?
Who's the woman in the brown coat?
Who's the woman in the red dress?
Who's the woman in this picture?
Who's the woman sitting next to Tom?
Who's the woman sitting next to my brother and talking with him?
Who's the woman sitting on the log?
Who's the woman standing next to Tom?
Who's the woman talking to Tom?
Who's the woman who's talking to Tom?
Who's the woman with the red hat?
Who's the youngest in your family?
Who's their leader?
Who's their mother?
Who's there to see if I'm clean-shaven?
Who's there with you?
Who's there?
Who's thirsty?
Who's this I see coming?
Who's this I'm talking to?
Who's this Penelope who has been sending you emails?
Who's this Tom we're speaking about on Tatoeba?
Who's this Tom you always talk about?
Who's this Tom you're always talking about?
Who's this Ziri everyone is talking about?
Who's this Ziri?
Who's this box for?
Who's this cute girl?
Who's this dapper young man?
Who's this deadbeat?
Who's this for?
Who's this from?
Who's this girl? Where is she from?
Who's this guy we're meant to be meeting tomorrow?
Who's this guy?
Who's this hot babe?
Who's this letter for?
Who's this letter from?
Who's this little rascal?
Who's this maniac?
Who's this message for?
Who's this motherfucker?
Who's this music by?
Who's this nobody?
Who's this oddball?
Who's this other guy?
Who's this other patient?
Who's this woman?
Who's this, your bitch?
Who's this?
Who's tired may go sleep.
Who's tired?
Who's to blame for Algeria's economic crisis?
Who's to blame for the accident?
Who's to blame for the failure?
Who's to blame for their failure.
Who's to blame for this problem?
Who's to blame, the one who protects the tree, or the one who cuts it down?
Who's to blame?
Who's to say it's not what's supposed to happen?
Who's to say one is worse than the other?
Who's to say what is possible and where?
Who's to say which is better?
Who's told you that load of bollocks?
Who's trivializing our problems?
Who's trying to sabotage the Algerian economy?
Who's trying to slow down your career trajectory?
Who's turned the heating off again?
Who's ultimately responsible for this?
Who's up for a feast?
Who's up for mojitos?
Who's up for some ice cream?
Who's up for some rainbow bacon?
Who's up there?
Who's upstairs now?
Who's using who?
Who's vacuuming? It's making loads of noise.
Who's visiting Tom?
Who's visiting us today?
Who's visiting us?
Who's volunteering?
Who's waiting for Tom?
Who's waiting for us downstairs?
Who's waiting for us?
Who's watching TV?
Who's watching Tom?
Who's watching her?
Who's watching him?
Who's watching it?
Who's watching the kids?
Who's watching them?
Who's watching?
Who's wearing the blue T-shirt?
Who's whistling?
Who's who?
Who's winning in this war?
Who's winning?
Who's with Tom now?
Who's with Tom?
Who's with her now?
Who's with him now?
Who's with him?
Who's with me?
Who's with them now?
Who's with you guys?
Who's with you now?
Who's with you?
Who's working tonight?
Who's worried about Tom?
Who's writing those letters?
Who's wrong?
Who's yelling?
Who's younger, Tom or Mary?
Who's younger, you or Tom?
Who's younger, you or me?
Who's younger, your mother or your father?
Who's your Berber teacher?
Who's your French teacher now?
Who's your French teacher?
Who's your all-time favorite singer?
Who's your aunt?
Who's your best friend?
Who's your best mate?
Who's your big sister?
Who's your boss?
Who's your boyfriend?
Who's your dad?
Who's your daddy, bitch?
Who's your daddy?
Who's your dance partner?
Who's your date tonight?
Who's your doctor?
Who's your downstairs neighbor?
Who's your employer?
Who's your father?
Who's your favorite American actor?
Who's your favorite Beatle?
Who's your favorite British author?
Who's your favorite CSI cast member?
Who's your favorite Canadian author?
Who's your favorite Canadian musician?
Who's your favorite Canadian singer?
Who's your favorite Charlie's Angel?
Who's your favorite DJ?
Who's your favorite Disney cartoon character?
Who's your favorite Disney character?
Who's your favorite Hollywood actor?
Who's your favorite James Bond?
Who's your favorite Japanese singer?
Who's your favorite Korean musician?
Who's your favorite Star Wars character?
Who's your favorite TV chef?
Who's your favorite TV star?
Who's your favorite actor or actress?
Who's your favorite actor?
Who's your favorite actress?
Who's your favorite announcer on CNN?
Who's your favorite artist?
Who's your favorite athlete?
Who's your favorite author?
Who's your favorite baseball player?
Who's your favorite blogger?
Who's your favorite bluegrass musician?
Who's your favorite cartoon character?
Who's your favorite celebrity?
Who's your favorite character in this book?
Who's your favorite character in this movie?
Who's your favorite character on Glee?
Who's your favorite child actor?
Who's your favorite classical guitarist?
Who's your favorite comedian?
Who's your favorite comic book character?
Who's your favorite comic book super hero?
Who's your favorite composer?
Who's your favorite country artist?
Who's your favorite country musician?
Who's your favorite country singer?
Who's your favorite drummer?
Who's your favorite economist?
Who's your favorite family member on your father's side of the family?
Who's your favorite family member on your mother's side?
Who's your favorite family member?
Who's your favorite fashion designer?
Who's your favorite fashion model?
Who's your favorite female rapper?
Who's your favorite fictional character?
Who's your favorite figure skater?
Who's your favorite football player?
Who's your favorite game show host?
Who's your favorite golfer?
Who's your favorite guitarist?
Who's your favorite heavy metal guitarist?
Who's your favorite hip-hop artist?
Who's your favorite historical person?
Who's your favorite hockey player?
Who's your favorite horror movie character?
Who's your favorite jazz musician?
Who's your favorite jazz singer?
Who's your favorite jazz violinist?
Who's your favorite kid?
Who's your favorite late night talk show host?
Who's your favorite left-handed baseball player?
Who's your favorite living poet?
Who's your favorite lyricist?
Who's your favorite modern poet?
Who's your favorite movie director?
Who's your favorite movie star?
Who's your favorite movie villain?
Who's your favorite music artist?
Who's your favorite musician?
Who's your favorite newscaster?
Who's your favorite non-fiction author?
Who's your favorite painter?
Who's your favorite person to cook for?
Who's your favorite person to hang out with?
Who's your favorite philosopher?
Who's your favorite photographer?
Who's your favorite pianist?
Who's your favorite player on our basketball team?
Who's your favorite player?
Who's your favorite poet?
Who's your favorite politician?
Who's your favorite professor?
Who's your favorite race car driver?
Who's your favorite reality TV star?
Who's your favorite rock singer?
Who's your favorite saxophonist?
Who's your favorite science fiction writer?
Who's your favorite singer-songwriter?
Who's your favorite singer?
Who's your favorite soccer player?
Who's your favorite song writer?
Who's your favorite sports announcer?
Who's your favorite stand-up comedian?
Who's your favorite super hero?
Who's your favorite superhero?
Who's your favorite talk show host?
Who's your favorite teacher?
Who's your favorite tennis player?
Who's your favorite video game character?
Who's your favorite violinist?
Who's your favorite wrestler?
Who's your favorite writer?
Who's your favorite?
Who's your favourite DJ?
Who's your favourite TV star?
Who's your favourite actor?
Who's your favourite author?
Who's your favourite band?
Who's your favourite drummer?
Who's your favourite film director?
Who's your favourite football player?
Who's your favourite footballer?
Who's your favourite musician?
Who's your favourite painter?
Who's your favourite player?
Who's your favourite poet?
Who's your favourite singer?
Who's your favourite soccer player?
Who's your favourite southpaw baseball player?
Who's your favourite superhero?
Who's your favourite teacher?
Who's your favourite video game character?
Who's your favourite writer?
Who's your friend?
Who's your funniest friend?
Who's your girlfriend?
Who's your godmother?
Who's your guidance counselor?
Who's your homeroom teacher?
Who's your lawyer?
Who's your master?
Who's your mentor?
Who's your mom?
Who's your most interesting friend?
Who's your mother-in-law?
Who's your mum?
Who's your oldest friend?
Who's your partner?
Who's your primary physician?
Who's your roommate?
Who's your running mate?
Who's your superior?
Who's your supervisor?
Who's your tailor?
Who's your teacher?
Who's your travel agent?
Who's your uncle?
Who's your wife?
Who(m) did you give your phone number to?
Who, as a Kabyle person, isn't familiar with Mouloud Mammeri.
Who, as a Kabyle, doesn't know Mouloud Mammeri.
Who, as a Kabylian, does not know Mouloud Mammeri.
Who, being loved, is poor?
Who, if not us? When, if not now?
Who, that has common sense, would do such a thing?
Who, then, is the king of all?
Who, when he heard that Jacob his sister's son was come, ran forth to meet him: and embracing him, and heartily kissing him, brought him into his house.
Who?
Who? Me?
Who? What? Where? When? Why?
Whoa!
Whoa! I'm going to be a father!
Whoa! That's interesting, but I sure don't care!
Whoa! Where did that come from?
Whoa, Kelly!
Whoa, Tom, you can't say that!
Whoa, are you serious?
Whoa, big boy, what are you doing here?
Whoa, if we keep chatting, despite actually arriving early, we'll end up late!
Whoa, if we keep chatting, despite actually arriving early, we’ll end up late!
Whoa, that's weird!
Whoa, this is getting weird.
Whoa, wait a second there.
Whoa, weird!
Whoa, you have to take that thing to the dry cleaners.
Whoa.
Whoever admits to his cowardice shows courage.
Whoever agrees, raise your hand.
Whoever asks you about the light, tell him that it is active solidarity.
Whoever believes in him does not get condemned.
Whoever believes in him is not condemned.
Whoever blinks first loses.
Whoever calls now, tell him I'm not in.
Whoever calls now, tell him I’m not in.
Whoever calls, let me know immediately!
Whoever calls, take their number.
Whoever calls, tell him I'm out.
Whoever calls, tell him I’m out.
Whoever came out with that nonsense is an utter fool.
Whoever came out with that rubbish is a complete idiot.
Whoever came out with that tosh is an absolute eejit.
Whoever came up with this idea must be a genius.
Whoever can decide defeats pain.
Whoever can listen to butterflies laughing can also know how clouds taste.
Whoever can transfer love, can also remove it.
Whoever causes trouble will be the victim of the trouble.
Whoever chases after pleasure finds weariness.
Whoever chases two rabbits catches none.
Whoever chews well, digests good.
Whoever claims to be happier than I am now lies.
Whoever claims to love God yet hates a brother or sister is a liar. For whoever does not love their brother and sister, whom they have seen, cannot love God, whom they have not seen.
Whoever comes first will get the best seats.
Whoever comes first, will win.
Whoever comes is welcome.
Whoever comes last gets the drinks in!
Whoever comes last pays for the drinks.
Whoever comes to see us is welcome.
Whoever comes to us armed with a sword is easier to kill with a shot.
Whoever comes will be welcome.
Whoever comes will be welcomed.
Whoever comes will see me.
Whoever comes, I won't let him in.
Whoever comes, I won’t let him in.
Whoever comes, I'll welcome him warmly.
Whoever comes, I’ll welcome him warmly.
Whoever comes, don't open the door.
Whoever comes, don’t open the door.
Whoever comes, say I am away from home.
Whoever comes, tell him I'm out.
Whoever comes, tell him I’m out.
Whoever committed this crime was surely out of his mind.
Whoever could that be at this time of night?
Whoever criticizes Israel's so-called human rights violations against the Palestinians shouldn't be automatically labeled as anti-Semitic.
Whoever degrades himself will be exalted.
Whoever demands something instantly doesn't belong to the diplomatic corps.
Whoever desires it will acquire it.
Whoever desires progress and prosperity, whoever would advance humanity to a higher plane of civilization, must further the work of the scientist in every way he possibly can.
Whoever despises thistles has only to tread on them barefoot.
Whoever destroys his house will inherit the wind.
Whoever did it didn't want us to find out about it.
Whoever did it, find him and bring him to me.
Whoever did that has to mend it.
Whoever did that has to repair it.
Whoever did that to Tom needs to be punished.
Whoever did this deserves a medal.
Whoever did this has to pay for it.
Whoever did this was smart.
Whoever does not believe in God, does not believe in anything else.
Whoever does not handle a scythe or harvest eats what he finds.
Whoever does not know foreign languages, does not know his own.
Whoever does not move forward every day, returns backward every day.
Whoever doesn't ask for anything doesn't get anything.
Whoever doesn't capitalize when the opportunity presents itself will later regret not having used the chance.
Whoever doesn't have a book, put your hand up.
Whoever doesn't know a foreign language doesn't know their own.
Whoever doesn't smoke or drink will live until death.
Whoever doesn't take care of themselves will get worse as they age.
Whoever doesn't want to love people has to love trees and dogs.
Whoever drew this is really talented.
Whoever drinks is asleep; but he does not sin who sleeps.
Whoever drinks well sleeps well; those who sleep well do not sin; those who do not sin are good people; therefore, those who drink well are good people!
Whoever eats one of the king's lean cows pays for a fat one.
Whoever excites wasps has only to blame himself.
Whoever fights can lose, but whoever does not fight has already lost.
Whoever finds any spelling mistakes can keep them.
Whoever finds my cap and brings it back to me gets a bag of jelly babies as a reward.
Whoever finds my cap and brings it back to me gets a bag of jelly babies.
Whoever finds the bag must bring it here.
Whoever finds us will take the pearl.
Whoever first solves the problem, he is freed from the exam.
Whoever forgot to brush their teeth, could you please stop breathing?
Whoever gets angry at me ends up holding a grudge.
Whoever gets home first starts cooking the supper.
Whoever gets in the way of your happiness will meet my wrath.
Whoever gets married on a rainy day will be happy for the rest of their life.
Whoever gets there first, wins.
Whoever gets there last is a rotten potato.
Whoever goes fishing in the night, must dry their nets the next day.
Whoever goes to church believes in God.
Whoever goes to the sauna should not be afraid of steam.
Whoever guesses the number wins.
Whoever has a bee farm expects to be stung.
Whoever has a choice is patient.
Whoever has a frog in his throat begins to belch.
Whoever has been bitten by a snake fears the slightest stick.
Whoever has ears to hear, let him hear.
Whoever has ears to listen should pay attention!
Whoever has eaten the sheep returns at least the fleece.
Whoever has faith experiences miracles every day.
Whoever has it needs to return it.
Whoever has it, bring it.
Whoever has no intellect, has legs.
Whoever has saved the life of even one person will be rewarded as if he had saved the whole world.
Whoever has succeeded in the great attempt to be a friend's friend; whoever has won a lovely woman, add in his jubilation!
Whoever has the power has the right.
Whoever hasn't got a book, put your hand up.
Whoever hasn't saved anybody has made no enemies for himself.
Whoever he is, he's wise.
Whoever he may be, there's nothing we can do but trust him.
Whoever heard of anything like that?
Whoever hears his recorded voice has the feeling of having heard a stranger.
Whoever ignores that point will make mistakes.
Whoever invented the touchscreen monitor did not have a cat.
Whoever invented the touchscreen monitor didn't have a cat.
Whoever is able to translate a pun may consider themselves to be among the best translators.
Whoever is at the door, please ask him to wait.
Whoever is born in Austria, is an Austrian.
Whoever is born in Cyprus is Cypriot.
Whoever is born in Galicia is Galician.
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
Whoever is lenient with the wicked harms the good.
Whoever is more intelligent, commits stupidity when he is young.
Whoever is responsible for making this mess will have to clean it up.
Whoever is squealing on him is dead.
Whoever isn't jumping is not Czech.
Whoever isn't with me is against me.
Whoever it is who rings, let me know right away!
Whoever it was who went with him to the art gallery, it definitely wasn't Mary.
Whoever it was who went with him to the art gallery, it was definitely not Mary.
Whoever knocks get opened up to.
Whoever knows a better solution, please put it forward.
Whoever knows him well respects him.
Whoever knows what is right, will do the right thing.
Whoever laughs first loses.
Whoever laughs long, lives long.
Whoever laughs now will cry later.
Whoever laughs on Friday will cry on Sunday.
Whoever laughs, loses.
Whoever leaves the office last should turn off the light.
Whoever left this door ajar definitely did it on purpose.
Whoever likes the new is not a fan of the old.
Whoever listens to one's own voice in recordings might have the impression of hearing a stranger.
Whoever looks at a map of Central America will see seven small nations. One of them is Belize, a former British colony — then called British Honduras — where today the English language is spoken.
Whoever lost a bag with a glucose meter inside, contact this address.
Whoever loves Tamazight must learn how to write it.
Whoever loves flowers cannot be a bad person.
Whoever loves me, also loves my dog.
Whoever made that last comment, please leave now.
Whoever made that noise did it on purpose.
Whoever made this mess needs to clean it up.
Whoever may object to this plan, I will carry it out.
Whoever may oppose my plan, I will carry it out nonetheless.
Whoever may say so, I don't believe it.
Whoever may say so, I don’t believe it.
Whoever may say so, I won't believe.
Whoever may say so, I won’t believe.
Whoever may say so, it is not true.
Whoever may say so, it is wrong.
Whoever moves without a head is a tail; Their movement's like the scorpion's, frail.
Whoever opposes my plan, I will carry it out.
Whoever painted this is really talented.
Whoever phones, tell them I'm out.
Whoever pitches, that team always loses.
Whoever possesses the following three qualities will have the sweetness of faith.
Whoever puts himself in danger, will perish in it.
Whoever reads a lot, knows a lot.
Whoever reads and understands will argue with me, whoever reads and does not understand will curse me, and whoever does not read and does not understand will defeat me.
Whoever reads that is silly.
Whoever reads this so-called newspaper every day will inevitably go daft.
Whoever rings, tell them I'm out.
Whoever said it, I doubt it.
Whoever said money can't buy happiness simply didn't know where to go shopping.
Whoever said so, it is false.
Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire.
Whoever saw the movie was shocked.
Whoever says so is a liar.
Whoever says so, I don't believe him.
Whoever says so, I don’t believe him.
Whoever says so, it is not true.
Whoever says that is lying.
Whoever says that they have no regrets actually says: "I'm a fool."
Whoever says these things doesn't know what he says.
Whoever sets a trap for his brother gets caught in it himself.
Whoever shakes the wall will end up buried beneath it.
Whoever she is, I don't want to see her.
Whoever shuts up when he notices he's wrong is wise.
Whoever shuts up when he notices he’s wrong is wise.
Whoever shuts up, even though he is right, is married.
Whoever sinned must pay the price.
Whoever sleeps a lot, lives less.
Whoever sleeps in a good blanket, says winter is not cold.
Whoever sleeps too much has less time to live.
Whoever sleeps until noon, then starts to run.
Whoever smelt it, dealt it.
Whoever sows the wind reaps the storm.
Whoever sows thorns shouldn't expect to harvest roses.
Whoever spares the wrongdoers, offends the good.
Whoever speaks ill of his wife disgraces himself.
Whoever speaks the truth will have to tie up the donkey.
Whoever starts working in their youth, gets to live lavishly when they're older.
Whoever starts working in their youth, gets to live lavishly when they’re older.
Whoever steals his neighbor's shirt, usually dies without his own.
Whoever stole the money should be caught, made to pay it back, and go to jail.
Whoever stole the money should be fired.
Whoever stole the money should be punished.
Whoever studies hard cannot fail to succeed.
Whoever studies hard cannot help but succeed.
Whoever surrenders will never be victorious.
Whoever telephones, tell him I'm out.
Whoever telephones, tell him I’m out.
Whoever telephones, tell them I'm out.
Whoever telephones, tell them I’m out.
Whoever that person is who said the mall closes at 9:00 p.m. is wrong. They close at midnight.
Whoever the book's author might be, he must be a great writer.
Whoever the book’s author might be, he must be a great writer.
Whoever the employee is who stole the money should be fired.
Whoever the pitcher may be, he will not be able to strike out our best hitter.
Whoever the representative is from their division, treat him well.
Whoever thinks: "These days, everyone speaks English" or "The entire world speaks English" without asking what portion of the global population it is that speaks English, and how well they can speak it, is someone who does not want to see the reality in front of their eyes.
Whoever thought of this stupid plan should be fired.
Whoever told you such a ridiculous story?
Whoever told you that is a liar.
Whoever told you that must've been living under a rock for the last decade.
Whoever told you that's a liar.
Whoever translates this sentence is a fool.
Whoever travels will find that there's no place like home.
Whoever travels will find that there’s no place like home.
Whoever uses this toothbrush is not my mother.
Whoever visits the place admires its beautiful scenery.
Whoever wakes me up shall know the torments of Hell.
Whoever walks backward collapses.
Whoever wants can leave.
Whoever wants it can have it.
Whoever wants it may take it.
Whoever wants the book may have it.
Whoever wants to can still come.
Whoever wants to come may come.
Whoever wants to come see us is welcome.
Whoever wants to come to my party may come.
Whoever wants to come will be welcomed.
Whoever wants to go beyond Bojador has to go beyond pain.
Whoever wants to go to the toilet had better go now.
Whoever wants to join our club will be welcome.
Whoever wants to learn to ride a horse must first learn to mount and unmount correctly.
Whoever wants to marry her must first convince her father.
Whoever wants to reach socialism by any other path than that of political democracy will inevitably arrive at conclusions that are absurd and reactionary both in the economic and the political sense.
Whoever wants to retain everything lets everything escape.
Whoever wants to see and understand the truth must destroy all of their illusions.
Whoever wants to set an example for the youth must walk the road of righteousness.
Whoever wants to should enter.
Whoever wants to win a battle must think that he is the winner. You can lose a battle if you think you are the winner. But you can never ever win if you consider yourself a loser.
Whoever wants too much gets nothing.
Whoever was down there was gone.
Whoever was once a king never loses his majesty.
Whoever was sitting here left his pencil.
Whoever was upstairs could not be Kalman.
Whoever will kill you eats with you.
Whoever wins the race will receive the prize.
Whoever wins, I'll be happy.
Whoever works for others forgets oneself.
Whoever wrote this is really talented.
Whoever you are, a Muslim, a Christian or an atheist, for me you are just a human who deserves respect.
Whoever you vote for, make sure he's honest.
Whoever you vote for, prices will go on rising.
Whoever's throwing spitballs at me, stop if you know what's good for you.
Whoever, standing on guard, commits theft, large or small, must be hanged.
Whoever, whether it be an officer or a private, announces a password or slogan to the enemy, or gives it some other treacherous signals, by shooting, singing, shouting, fire, or the like, will be executed as a traitor.
Whole families attend, dressed in period costumes.
Whole milk upsets my stomach, so I always drink two-percent milk.
Whole months went by without rain.
Whole sections of the road were washed away by the rain.
Whole ships were destroyed in the storm.
Whole systems have sunk into chaos or revolution, because greedy politicians were mired in corruption and blackmail with their people suffering the while.
Wholemeal bread is good.
Wholeness is the opposite of duality.
Wholesale prices are basically flat.
Wholesale prices had been basically flat.
Whom God loves, his bitch brings forth pigs.
Whom are they with?
Whom are you afraid of?
Whom are you describing?
Whom are you giving that book to?
Whom are you going out with now?
Whom are you going to come with?
Whom are you going to give that book to?
Whom are you looking for?
Whom are you loyal to: me or the king?
Whom are you most afraid of?
Whom are you speaking of?
Whom are you talking about?
Whom are you waiting for?
Whom did I marry?
Whom did he have in mind?
Whom did you buy?
Whom did you give it to?
Whom did you go with?
Whom did you invite to dinner?
Whom did you meet there?
Whom did you meet?
Whom did you see at the theatre?
Whom did you see there?
Whom did you see?
Whom did you sell your cow to?
Whom did you send the first letter to?
Whom did you send the last message to?
Whom did you visit yesterday afternoon?
Whom did you vote for in the election?
Whom do you expect?
Whom do you like better? Tom, or me?
Whom do you love?
Whom do you prefer?
Whom do you respect most in your life?
Whom do you serve: me or the king?
Whom do you speak about?
Whom do you suggest I should ask?
Whom do you want me to deliver this letter to?
Whom do you want to see?
Whom do you want us to believe in?
Whom do you want us to obey?
Whom do you work for?
Whom does Tom serve?
Whom does she love?
Whom does the father love?
Whom does the moon belong to?
Whom have I married?
Whom have you invited to dinner?
Whom is he with?
Whom is she with?
Whom should I inform?
Whom should I vote for?
Whom the Lord loveth he chasteneth.
Whom the gods love die young.
Whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad.
Whom then did I upbraid not, wild with woe, / of gods or men? What sadder sight elsewhere / had Troy, now whelmed in utter wreck, to show?
Whom we love best to them we can say least.
Whom will we invite?
Whomever goes to church believes in God.
Whomever she invites, she is kind.
Whomever you may ask, you can't get a satisfactory answer.
Whomever you may ask, you can’t get a satisfactory answer.
Whomp! The tree crashed to the ground.
Whomsoever she invites, she is quite hospitable.
Whoo! I'm feeling that sake. I'm getting blurred vision and I can't walk straight.
Whoo! I’m feeling that sake. I’m getting blurred vision and it’s hard to walk.
Whoo! Today's practice is tough - much harder than usual.
Whoo! Today’s practice is tough - much harder than usual.
Whoops!
Whoops! Dropped my garbage!
Whoops! My bad!
Whoops! There aren't many live coals left! Go make some kindling would you?
Whoops! There aren’t many live coals left! Go make some kindling would you?
Whoops, I must've made a mistake.
Whoops, I saved it as a JPEG when I should've saved it as a PNG.
Whoops, I shouldn't have said that; it simply slipped out.
Whoops, my anarchy symbol!
Whoops. Sorry about that.
Whoops. Ta very much.
Whoopsie!
Whortleberry may refer to the berries of several plants of genus Vaccinium.
Whose accordion is this?
Whose accordions are these?
Whose account should I transfer the money to?
Whose address is this?
Whose apartment is this?
Whose are the books?
Whose are the students?
Whose are these pens?
Whose are these shoes?
Whose are these?
Whose are they then?
Whose are they?
Whose baby is that?
Whose baby is this?
Whose bag is the heaviest?
Whose bag is this?
Whose ball is this?
Whose baseball glove is this?
Whose bear is it?
Whose bed is that?
Whose beer is this?
Whose behaviour are you talking about?
Whose behaviour do you mean?
Whose bicycle did you say that you wanted to borrow?
Whose bicycle did you say you wanted to borrow?
Whose bicycle did you want to borrow?
Whose bicycle do you want to borrow?
Whose bicycle is that?
Whose bicycle is this?
Whose bike did you take?
Whose bike is it?
Whose bike is this?
Whose binoculars are these?
Whose birthday is it today?
Whose birthday is it tomorrow? Tom's or Maria's?
Whose birthday is it?
Whose birthday is today?
Whose birthday was it yesterday?
Whose book is here?
Whose book is it?
Whose book is on the desk?
Whose book is on the table?
Whose book is that on the table?
Whose book is that?
Whose book is this on the desk?
Whose book is this on the table?
Whose book is this?
Whose booklet is that?
Whose books are these?
Whose books are those?
Whose boyfriend are you talking about?
Whose boyfriend is that?
Whose bread I eat, his song I sing.
Whose briefcase is this?
Whose broad stripes and bright stars, thro’ the perilous fight, o’er the ramparts we watched were so gallantly streaming.
Whose camera is this?
Whose candy is this?
Whose cap is this?
Whose car are you talking about?
Whose car did you borrow?
Whose car did you come in?
Whose car does this appear to be?
Whose car is it, do you know?
Whose car is it? Do you know?
Whose car is slow, his or mine?
Whose car is that in the driveway?
Whose car is that over there?
Whose car is that parked in front of your house?
Whose car is that parked in the drive?
Whose car is that parked in the driveway?
Whose car is that parked over there?
Whose car is that?
Whose car is the oldest?
Whose car is this?
Whose car was that that you were driving yesterday?
Whose car was that you were driving yesterday?
Whose car were you driving yesterday?
Whose cat is that?
Whose cat is this?
Whose cats are these?
Whose cell phone is this?
Whose chair is this?
Whose charger is this?
Whose child are you?
Whose child is it?
Whose child is this?
Whose children are these?
Whose clock is it?
Whose clothes are these?
Whose clothes are you washing?
Whose coat is that?
Whose coat is this?
Whose compass is this?
Whose computer is this?
Whose container is this?
Whose cup is this?
Whose daughter are you?
Whose daughter is Julia?
Whose daughters are these?
Whose decision is it?
Whose desk is this?
Whose dictionary is it on the table?
Whose dictionary is this?
Whose documents are these?
Whose dog are you talking about?
Whose dog is it?
Whose dog is playing with Tom?
Whose dog is that?
Whose dog is this?
Whose dogs are these?
Whose drawing did you like?
Whose dress is blue?
Whose dress is this?
Whose drink is this?
Whose dumb idea was that?
Whose duty is it?
Whose ever bread one eats, his language one speaks.
Whose eyes would have seen such an impactful view?
Whose father are you talking about?
Whose father are you?
Whose fault is it, then?
Whose fault is it?
Whose fault is that?
Whose fault was it?
Whose fault was that?
Whose fingerprints are on the knife?
Whose fingerprints were on the gun?
Whose firm do you represent?
Whose flashlight is this?
Whose flat is this?
Whose food is this?
Whose footprints are these?
Whose friend are you?
Whose friend is he?
Whose garden is this?
Whose girlfriend are you talking about?
Whose glass is that?
Whose glass is this?
Whose glasses are these?
Whose gloves are these?
Whose gloves are those?
Whose go is it first?
Whose go is it?
Whose golf bag is this?
Whose grammar book is this?
Whose great idea was this?
Whose guitar is this?
Whose hand is she holding?
Whose handbag is this?
Whose handwriting is this?
Whose hat is that?
Whose hat is this?
Whose head hurts?
Whose helmet is it?
Whose hit is it?
Whose horse is it?
Whose horse is that?
Whose horse is this?
Whose horses are those?
Whose house is across from yours?
Whose house is opposite to yours?
Whose house is that?
Whose house is this?
Whose idea is that?
Whose idea is this?
Whose idea was it to call the police?
Whose idea was it to do that?
Whose idea was it to do this?
Whose idea was it to fire Tom?
Whose idea was it to fire her?
Whose idea was it to fire him?
Whose idea was it to fire me?
Whose idea was it to fire them?
Whose idea was it to fire us?
Whose idea was it to invite Tom to my party?
Whose idea was it to pitch the tent here?
Whose idea was it?
Whose idea was that?
Whose idea was this?
Whose idea was this? Ziri's?
Whose image is on this stamp?
Whose is all this money?
Whose is it?
Whose is that anorak still hanging there?
Whose is that book?
Whose is that notebook?
Whose is that orange towel in the bathroom?
Whose is that shirt?
Whose is that?
Whose is the book on the desk?
Whose is the book on the table?
Whose is the book?
Whose is the dictionary on the table?
Whose is the horse?
Whose is this bag?
Whose is this bicycle?
Whose is this book?
Whose is this camera?
Whose is this car?
Whose is this food?
Whose is this lorry?
Whose is this one?
Whose is this pair of stockings?
Whose is this phone?
Whose is this textbook?
Whose is this?
Whose jacket are you wearing?
Whose jacket is this?
Whose jalousie is this?
Whose jumper is that?
Whose jumper is this?
Whose key is that on the table?
Whose key is that?
Whose key is this?
Whose keys are these?
Whose keys are those?
Whose kid is it?
Whose kid is that?
Whose kids are these?
Whose land is this?
Whose letter is in this envelope?
Whose letter is this?
Whose line is it?
Whose little child is this? Where are his parents?
Whose little hands are these?
Whose lorry is that?
Whose lorry is this?
Whose lunch box is this?
Whose lyrics are these?
Whose magical land is Dalat, the city of poetry?
Whose men are you?
Whose military is in Crimea?
Whose mind is the hardest to change?
Whose mistake is it?
Whose mistake was it?
Whose mittens are these?
Whose mobile is this?
Whose mobile phone is this?
Whose money is this?
Whose mother are you talking about?
Whose motorcycle is that?
Whose motorcycle is this?
Whose mussels are these?
Whose name day is it today?
Whose name is on the door?
Whose name is the apartment in?
Whose new car is this?
Whose newspaper is this?
Whose notebook is that?
Whose notebook is this?
Whose notepad is this?
Whose number is this?
Whose office is this?
Whose orange towel is that in the bathroom?
Whose paintings are these?
Whose paper is this?
Whose parents are you talking about?
Whose patient are you?
Whose pen is that?
Whose pen is this?
Whose pencil is this?
Whose pencils are these?
Whose pens are these?
Whose person is this?
Whose phone did you steal?
Whose phone is buzzing?
Whose phone is that?
Whose phone is this?
Whose phone number is this?
Whose photo is this?
Whose photograph was Tom looking at?
Whose picture is this?
Whose picture was Tom looking at?
Whose pictures are these?
Whose pictures are those?
Whose pile of junk is this?
Whose pizza is that?
Whose pizza is this?
Whose place do you guys want to go to?
Whose place is this?
Whose plan is it?
Whose plan was that?
Whose plan will be the hardest to execute?
Whose products do we offer?
Whose question is this?
Whose radio is that?
Whose region, his religion.
Whose responsibility is it to do that?
Whose ring is it?
Whose ring is that?
Whose ring is this?
Whose room is it?
Whose room is this?
Whose rooms are on the first floor?
Whose rooms are on the third floor?
Whose round is it?
Whose scarf is this?
Whose scheme is this?
Whose scissors are these?
Whose screwdriver is this?
Whose seat is this?
Whose serve is it?
Whose shirt is this?
Whose shirts are these?
Whose shoes are these?
Whose shoes are those?
Whose side are you on, anyway?
Whose side are you on?
Whose side are you?
Whose side is Tom on?
Whose side is Ziri on?
Whose signature is this?
Whose skis are these?
Whose sleeping bag is this?
Whose socks are these?
Whose son are you?
Whose son is Tom?
Whose son is he?
Whose son is ill?
Whose son is sick?
Whose son is this?
Whose son was in the traffic accident?
Whose sons are these?
Whose speech was the hardest to listen to?
Whose sting is more painful: a bee's or a wasp's?
Whose stuff is this?
Whose suitcase is that?
Whose suitcase is this?
Whose suitcases are these?
Whose sunglasses are these?
Whose table is this?
Whose tea is this?
Whose teacher is coming from the United Kingdom?
Whose team are you on?
Whose tent is it?
Whose textbook is this?
Whose textbooks are these?
Whose things are those?
Whose tomb is this?
Whose towel is this?
Whose toys are these?
Whose toys are those?
Whose truck is that?
Whose turn is it next?
Whose turn is it now?
Whose turn is it to buy donuts?
Whose turn is it to buy doughnuts?
Whose turn is it to cook tonight?
Whose turn is it to deal the cards?
Whose turn is it to deal?
Whose turn is it to drive?
Whose turn is it to give the dog a bath?
Whose turn is it to lay the table?
Whose turn is it to make dinner tonight?
Whose turn is it to make the coffee?
Whose turn is it to pay?
Whose turn is it to set the table?
Whose turn is it to shuffle?
Whose turn is it to take out the garbage?
Whose turn is it to wash the dishes?
Whose turn is it?
Whose umbrella are you using?
Whose umbrella did you use?
Whose umbrella is that?
Whose umbrella is this?
Whose umbrellas are these?
Whose van is that?
Whose voice is that?
Whose wallet is this?
Whose was that quote, teacher?
Whose watch is this?
Whose wine is this?
Whose word processor is this?
Whoso boasteth himself of a false gift is like clouds and wind without rain.
Whoso diggeth a pit shall fall therein: and he that rolleth a stone, it will return upon him.
Whoso wishes to touch him let him beware, for he will have to do with me!
Whosoever shall kill the king will be punished with death.
Whosoever shall shed man's blood, his blood shall be shed: for man was made to the image of God.
Who’d have thought this is how the pieces fit?
Who’d know that?
Who’d want me for a flatmate?
Who’ll be taking over from Cynthia when she retires?
Who’ll get there the quickest?
Who’ll take care of the dog while we are gone?
Who’ll travel to the Philippines? What a tropical paradise!
Who’s Emily?
Who’s Mr. Owen?
Who’s at fault?
Who’s at the wheel?
Who’s bag is this for?
Who’s coming with me?
Who’s going to clean up tonight?
Who’s going to clear up all this mess?
Who’s going to keep you warm in winter?
Who’s going with me?
Who’s gone and messed up my list of names?
Who’s in charge of the sales section?
Who’s in charge of this section?
Who’s in it?
Who’s in the car with my husband?
Who’s looking after your dogs?
Who’s on duty today?
Who’s on forensics?
Who’s paying for the food?
Who’s playing hockey tonight?
Who’s pulling the strings behind the scenes?
Who’s responsible for this mess in the kitchen?
Who’s singing with him now?
Who’s speaking?
Who’s taller, Tom or Mary?
Who’s that boy standing at the door?
Who’s that boy swimming over there?
Who’s that girl?
Who’s that?
Who’s the D. J. today?
Who’s the boy swimming over there?
Who’s the company’s president?
Who’s the girl in a yellow raincoat?
Who’s the naughty boy that broke the window?
Who’s the next candidate?
Who’s the owner of this property?
Who’s there?
Who’s this coming towards us? He seems to know us.
Who’s this dapper young man?
Who’s this nobody?
Who’s this oddball?
Who’s this?
Who’s wearing the blue T-shirt?
Who’s winning?
Who’s working tonight?
Who’s your daddy, bitch?
Who’s your favorite American actor?
Who’s your favorite Beatle?
Who’s your favorite British author?
Who’s your favorite CSI cast member?
Who’s your favorite Charlie’s Angel?
Who’s your favorite DJ?
Who’s your favorite Disney cartoon character?
Who’s your favorite Disney character?
Who’s your favorite Hollywood actor?
Who’s your favorite James Bond?
Who’s your favorite Japanese singer?
Who’s your favorite Korean musician?
Who’s your favorite Star Wars character?
Who’s your favorite TV chef?
Who’s your favorite TV star?
Who’s your favorite actor or actress?
Who’s your favorite actor?
Who’s your favorite announcer on CNN?
Who’s your favorite artist?
Who’s your favorite athlete?
Who’s your favorite blogger?
Who’s your favorite bluegrass musician?
Who’s your favorite celebrity?
Who’s your favorite character in this book?
Who’s your favorite character in this movie?
Who’s your favorite character on Glee?
Who’s your favorite child actor?
Who’s your favorite classical guitarist?
Who’s your favorite comedian?
Who’s your favorite comic book character?
Who’s your favorite comic book super hero?
Who’s your favorite country artist?
Who’s your favorite country musician?
Who’s your favorite country singer?
Who’s your favorite drummer?
Who’s your favorite economist?
Who’s your favorite family member on your father’s side of the family?
Who’s your favorite family member on your mother’s side?
Who’s your favorite family member?
Who’s your favorite fashion designer?
Who’s your favorite fashion model?
Who’s your favorite female rapper?
Who’s your favorite fictional character?
Who’s your favorite figure skater?
Who’s your favorite game show host?
Who’s your favorite golfer?
Who’s your favorite guitarist?
Who’s your favorite heavy metal guitarist?
Who’s your favorite hip-hop artist?
Who’s your favorite historical person?
Who’s your favorite hockey player?
Who’s your favorite horror movie character?
Who’s your favorite jazz singer?
Who’s your favorite jazz violinist?
Who’s your favorite late night talk show host?
Who’s your favorite left-handed baseball player?
Who’s your favorite lyricist?
Who’s your favorite movie director?
Who’s your favorite movie star?
Who’s your favorite movie villain?
Who’s your favorite musician?
Who’s your favorite newscaster?
Who’s your favorite painter?
Who’s your favorite person to cook for?
Who’s your favorite person to hang out with?
Who’s your favorite photographer?
Who’s your favorite pianist?
Who’s your favorite player on our basketball team?
Who’s your favorite poet?
Who’s your favorite politician?
Who’s your favorite professor?
Who’s your favorite race car driver?
Who’s your favorite reality TV star?
Who’s your favorite saxophonist?
Who’s your favorite science fiction writer?
Who’s your favorite singer-songwriter?
Who’s your favorite soccer player?
Who’s your favorite song writer?
Who’s your favorite sports announcer?
Who’s your favorite stand-up comedian?
Who’s your favorite super hero?
Who’s your favorite talk show host?
Who’s your favorite teacher?
Who’s your favorite video game character?
Who’s your favorite wrestler?
Who’s your favorite writer?
Who’s your favorite?
Who’s your most interesting friend?
Who’s your teacher?
Why Algeria?
Why Boston? Why not New York City or Newark?
Why English language is so popular?
Why God allows these sort of actions by Satan is explained in Job in the New Testament.
Why God allows these sorts of actions by Satan is explained in the Book of Job in the Bible.
Why I am not living with you?
Why I can't do that now?
Why I can't register for that class?
Why I didn't think of that?
Why I oughta just snip the balls right off of you, like the vet did to my cat!
Why I should fear death?
Why Taiwan matters so much to the US?
Why Tom and not me?
Why Tom did that is beyond me.
Why Tom did that is beyond my comprehension.
Why Tom did that is still a mystery to me.
Why Tom wants to do that is beyond me.
Why Tom wants to go there is beyond me.
Why Tom was killed is still a mystery.
Why Ziri?
Why a skateboarding turtle is chasing a cat?
Why a turtle on a skateboard is chasing a cat?
Why abandon a career as a firefighter to be a garbage collector in France?
Why act rashly? Wait until tomorrow.
Why actually do people fret about bad weather?
Why all of a sudden did he ask me such a serious question?
Why all the commotion?
Why all the drama?
Why all the fanfare?
Why all the fuss?
Why all the mystery?
Why all the secrecy?
Why all these questions?
Why all this cruelty?
Why all this hate?
Why all this hatred?
Why all this hype?
Why all this skepticism?
Why all this violence?
Why all this?
Why always me?
Why am I adding this sentence?
Why am I afraid?
Why am I alive?
Why am I alone?
Why am I always hungry?
Why am I always so boring?
Why am I always so tired?
Why am I always the one who has to do everything around here?
Why am I always the one who has to do everything?
Why am I always the one who has to do this?
Why am I always the one who has to suffer?
Why am I always the scapegoat?
Why am I being asked to go back to Australia?
Why am I being asked to go back to Boston?
Why am I being fined?
Why am I being handcuffed?
Why am I being insulted for simply expressing an opinion?
Why am I being left out?
Why am I being persecuted?
Why am I being taken back to Boston?
Why am I bleeding?
Why am I crying?
Why am I doing this again?
Why am I doing this, you ask? It's because I can.
Why am I doing this?
Why am I even here?
Why am I feeling so tired?
Why am I getting Yanni's mail?
Why am I getting beaten up instead of him?
Why am I getting fatter and fatter?
Why am I going?
Why am I having couscous today?
Why am I here?
Why am I hungry?
Why am I in trouble?
Why am I laughing?
Why am I learning French?
Why am I learning Icelandic?
Why am I letting people treat me like this?
Why am I me and not you?
Why am I not allowed to be friends with Tom?
Why am I not invited?
Why am I not on the list?
Why am I not surprised by that?
Why am I not surprised by this?
Why am I not surprised they started preaching for unity and civility and compassion, only after their coup failed?
Why am I not surprised to hear that?
Why am I not surprised?
Why am I not writing in English?
Why am I powerless in this situation?
Why am I risking my life to help Tom?
Why am I sad?
Why am I shooting these guys, tell me, what have they done?
Why am I smoking with this sore throat?
Why am I so alone?
Why am I so bad at allocating my time?
Why am I so complicated?
Why am I so nervous?
Why am I so nice to everyone?
Why am I so sick?
Why am I so sleepy?
Why am I so stupid?
Why am I so tired all the time?
Why am I so tired?
Why am I so unlucky?
Why am I spending my evening writing sentences?
Why am I still alive?
Why am I still doing this?
Why am I still here?
Why am I still thinking about Marika?
Why am I still thinking about Tom?
Why am I studying French?
Why am I studying Icelandic?
Why am I stupid?
Why am I supposed to do that?
Why am I supposed to do this?
Why am I supposed to go there?
Why am I telling you all this?
Why am I the bad guy?
Why am I the last hipster?
Why am I the one who has to come up with all the ideas?
Why am I the only one they complain about? They just latched onto me and made me a scapegoat.
Why am I the only one they complain about? They're just making an example out of me and using me as a scapegoat.
Why am I the only one they complain of? They’re just making an example out of me and using me as a scapegoat.
Why am I the only one who caught a cold?
Why am I up?
Why am I wandering blindly about?
Why am I watching this?
Why am I working hard?
Why am I writing this SMS?
Why am I writing this? Because the Russian nation is in a very dangerous situation in all respects. That is why it is necessary to seek a compromise between supporters of different ideological convictions.
Why announce such a measure?
Why anyone else would be here?
Why are '0.3' pencil leads so expensive?
Why are 98% of mass shootings committed by men?
Why are African lions disappearing?
Why are Algerians angry?
Why are Algerians leaving Algeria if things are going so well?
Why are Americans like that?
Why are Chekhov's plays so popular?
Why are Chinese tourists so rude?
Why are James's eyes blue?
Why are Japanese so prejudiced against lesbians and bisexuals?
Why are Palestinians living abroad denied the right to visit Jerusalem?
Why are Russian websites blocked?
Why are Russians demonized worldwide?
Why are Russians insulted everywhere?
Why are Russians targeted worldwide?
Why are Russians, ordinary Russians, treated like shit worldwide?
Why are Senators sitting and not legislating?
Why are Tom and I always the ones who have to suffer?
Why are Tom and I being asked to go back to Australia?
Why are Tom and I being asked to go back to Boston?
Why are Tom and I here?
Why are Tom and I the ones who have to come up with all the ideas?
Why are Tom and I the ones who have to do that?
Why are Tom and Mary absent?
Why are Tom and Mary afraid of me?
Why are Tom and Mary afraid of you?
Why are Tom and Mary afraid to do that?
Why are Tom and Mary afraid to swim in this river?
Why are Tom and Mary afraid?
Why are Tom and Mary always fighting?
Why are Tom and Mary always here?
Why are Tom and Mary always late?
Why are Tom and Mary always so unlucky?
Why are Tom and Mary angry?
Why are Tom and Mary arguing about that?
Why are Tom and Mary avoiding me?
Why are Tom and Mary being fired?
Why are Tom and Mary being so generous?
Why are Tom and Mary being so mean to us?
Why are Tom and Mary being so nice to us?
Why are Tom and Mary being so quiet?
Why are Tom and Mary being so stubborn?
Why are Tom and Mary busy?
Why are Tom and Mary coming here?
Why are Tom and Mary coming to Boston?
Why are Tom and Mary coughing today?
Why are Tom and Mary crying?
Why are Tom and Mary depressed?
Why are Tom and Mary doing that now?
Why are Tom and Mary doing that today?
Why are Tom and Mary doing that?
Why are Tom and Mary downstairs?
Why are Tom and Mary dressed like that?
Why are Tom and Mary embarrassed?
Why are Tom and Mary even here?
Why are Tom and Mary excited?
Why are Tom and Mary exhausted?
Why are Tom and Mary fighting?
Why are Tom and Mary following me?
Why are Tom and Mary going to Boston?
Why are Tom and Mary going?
Why are Tom and Mary helping us?
Why are Tom and Mary here anyway?
Why are Tom and Mary here today?
Why are Tom and Mary here?
Why are Tom and Mary hesitant to do that?
Why are Tom and Mary hesitant?
Why are Tom and Mary hiding?
Why are Tom and Mary home?
Why are Tom and Mary ignoring me?
Why are Tom and Mary impressed?
Why are Tom and Mary in Australia?
Why are Tom and Mary in Boston?
Why are Tom and Mary in the hospital?
Why are Tom and Mary interested in doing that?
Why are Tom and Mary jealous?
Why are Tom and Mary just standing there?
Why are Tom and Mary late?
Why are Tom and Mary laughing?
Why are Tom and Mary learning French?
Why are Tom and Mary leaving so soon?
Why are Tom and Mary leaving?
Why are Tom and Mary like that?
Why are Tom and Mary looking at me that way?
Why are Tom and Mary looking at us?
Why are Tom and Mary mad at me?
Why are Tom and Mary mad at you?
Why are Tom and Mary mad?
Why are Tom and Mary making us wait here?
Why are Tom and Mary making us wait so long?
Why are Tom and Mary nervous?
Why are Tom and Mary not doing that?
Why are Tom and Mary not eating?
Why are Tom and Mary not here today?
Why are Tom and Mary not here?
Why are Tom and Mary not smiling?
Why are Tom and Mary out here?
Why are Tom and Mary outside?
Why are Tom and Mary planning on doing that?
Why are Tom and Mary planning on going?
Why are Tom and Mary planning to do that?
Why are Tom and Mary planning to go?
Why are Tom and Mary planning to move to Boston?
Why are Tom and Mary reluctant to do that?
Why are Tom and Mary resigning?
Why are Tom and Mary running?
Why are Tom and Mary scared?
Why are Tom and Mary selling their house?
Why are Tom and Mary shy?
Why are Tom and Mary singing that song we asked them not to sing?
Why are Tom and Mary sleepy?
Why are Tom and Mary smiling?
Why are Tom and Mary sneezing?
Why are Tom and Mary so angry?
Why are Tom and Mary so busy?
Why are Tom and Mary so desperate to do that?
Why are Tom and Mary so determined to do that?
Why are Tom and Mary so dressed up today?
Why are Tom and Mary so good at chess?
Why are Tom and Mary so grouchy today?
Why are Tom and Mary so happy?
Why are Tom and Mary so hungry?
Why are Tom and Mary so interested in that?
Why are Tom and Mary so late?
Why are Tom and Mary so mad at you?
Why are Tom and Mary so mad?
Why are Tom and Mary so scared?
Why are Tom and Mary so sleepy?
Why are Tom and Mary so tired?
Why are Tom and Mary so upset?
Why are Tom and Mary speaking French?
Why are Tom and Mary speaking in French?
Why are Tom and Mary staring at me?
Why are Tom and Mary staying in Boston?
Why are Tom and Mary still at school?
Why are Tom and Mary still awake?
Why are Tom and Mary still crying?
Why are Tom and Mary still doing that?
Why are Tom and Mary still here?
Why are Tom and Mary still in Boston?
Why are Tom and Mary still in there?
Why are Tom and Mary studying French?
Why are Tom and Mary suspicious?
Why are Tom and Mary there?
Why are Tom and Mary tired?
Why are Tom and Mary unhappy?
Why are Tom and Mary up at this time of night?
Why are Tom and Mary upset?
Why are Tom and Mary waiting?
Why are Tom and Mary wearing coats?
Why are Tom and Mary wearing name tags?
Why are Tom and Mary working late?
Why are Tom and Mary working so hard?
Why are Tom and Mary worried?
Why are Tom and you here?
Why are Tom's clothes dirty?
Why are Western leaders all afraid of Putin?
Why are adults so boring?
Why are all the armour sets in this game so skimpy?
Why are all the cabinets open?
Why are all the lights out?
Why are all the screens missing from our faucets?
Why are all the sentences here about Tom and Mary?
Why are all the statues naked?
Why are all these people here?
Why are appearances so important?
Why are arrogant people so irritating?
Why are bananas curved?
Why are barns red?
Why are beautiful things so fragile?
Why are boys falling behind at school?
Why are boys so cute?
Why are boys so dumb?
Why are boys so stupid?
Why are braces so expensive?
Why are brown eggs usually more expensive?
Why are butterflies so colorful?
Why are cats like that?
Why are cats so playful?
Why are cats so sweet?
Why are chefs bald?
Why are clementines so addictive?
Why are computers so intelligent? Because they listen to their motherboards.
Why are conventional language classes so boring?
Why are cooks fat?
Why are cows sacred in India?
Why are dandelions considered weeds?
Why are diamonds more expensive than water?
Why are dogs easier to train than cats?
Why are dogs so cute?
Why are dogs' noses wet?
Why are donkeys so stubborn?
Why are ducklings yellow?
Why are ducks called ducks?
Why are electric cars lame?
Why are firefighters getting cancer from toxic smoke? Shouldn't we be concerned about the chemicals in our homes?
Why are fish able to live in water?
Why are flamingos pink?
Why are flights so expensive?
Why are future tenses a lot easier to learn than present and past tenses?
Why are galaxies mostly flat?
Why are gas prices going down?
Why are gas prices going up and down?
Why are gas prices going up?
Why are gas prices so high?
Why are giraffes so tall?
Why are girls so attractive?
Why are girls so complicated?
Why are girls so cute?
Why are girls so obsessed with clothes?
Why are guys so attractive?
Why are guys so competitive?
Why are guys so immature?
Why are guys so insensitive?
Why are guys so stupid?
Why are horses so fast?
Why are invertebrates having all the fun?
Why are kaomoji from countries using the Latin alphabet turned sideways?
Why are kids so cute, I wonder?
Why are kittens so cute?
Why are kittens soft?
Why are leaves green?
Why are lots of teens depressed?
Why are madmen, the creative geniuses behind anything new and novel, quickly eliminated when their inventions and art become commercialized?
Why are many bars closed on Mondays?
Why are memes so popular?
Why are men attracted to women?
Why are men like that?
Why are men never happy? Because they always want the impossible.
Why are men obsessed with sex?
Why are men so dumb?
Why are men so stupid?
Why are men strong even if they're slender?
Why are misogynists such bothersome creatures?
Why are monkeys so funny?
Why are moths attracted to artificial lights?
Why are my armpits always so itchy?
Why are my glasses always so dirty?
Why are my hands moving on their own?
Why are my sentences being stolen?
Why are my sentences stolen?
Why are my students lazy?
Why are my tools in the driveway?
Why are neighbors so gossipy?
Why are ordinary Russians hated worldwide?
Why are pandas so cute?
Why are people addicted to their phones?
Why are people afraid of Tom?
Why are people afraid of her?
Why are people afraid of him?
Why are people afraid of me?
Why are people afraid of the police?
Why are people afraid of them?
Why are people afraid of us?
Why are people afraid of you?
Why are people always called Tom in random sentences?
Why are people always so cynical?
Why are people clapping?
Why are people cruel to the crippled boy?
Why are people going to the cinema?
Why are people going to the movies?
Why are people here?
Why are people in Morocco starving?
Why are people leaving Algiers?
Why are people leaving rural areas?
Why are people like this?
Why are people living longer?
Why are people making the same mistakes as in the past?
Why are people naturally attracted to power?
Why are people never happy? Because they always want the impossible.
Why are people not honest?
Why are people scared of Tom?
Why are people scared of her?
Why are people scared of him?
Why are people scared of me?
Why are people scared of the police?
Why are people scared of them?
Why are people scared of us?
Why are people scared of you?
Why are people so addicted to their phones?
Why are people so angry with Muslims and Islam itself?
Why are people so careless?
Why are people so cruel?
Why are people so greedy?
Why are people so mean to me?
Why are people so mean to you?
Why are people so scared of spiders?
Why are people staring at us?
Why are pigs haram?
Why are pigs pink?
Why are pigs so cute?
Why are pigs so dirty?
Why are pigs so fat?
Why are pigs so smart?
Why are planets round?
Why are planets round? Why aren't they shaped like cubes, pyramids, or discs?
Why are plants green?
Why are pretty things so fragile?
Why are psychopaths allowed to govern?
Why are pundits so pig-headed?
Why are puppies so cute?
Why are rabbits' ears big?
Why are scientists saying Pluto isn't a planet?
Why are series about time travel so popular at the moment?
Why are so many musicians dying young?
Why are so many of his movies about doomsday scenarios?
Why are so many people here?
Why are so many people out of work?
Why are so many people xenophobic?
Why are so many pincushions made to like a tomato?
Why are so many things crammed in?
Why are so many things packed in?
Why are soccer players sure pansies?
Why are some languages so difficult to learn?
Why are some of the words in the text italicized?
Why are some people shy?
Why are some peppers hot and others not?
