This isn't the first time I've seen you here.
This isn't the first time Tom and Mary have been late.
This isn't the first time Tom and Mary have spent a couple of weeks in a hospital.
This isn't the first time Tom has been late.
This isn't the first time Tom has broken a bone.
This isn't the first time Tom has done this.
This isn't the first time Tom has lied.
This isn't the first time Tom has made a mistake.
This isn't the first time Tom has made that mistake.
This isn't the first time Tom has skipped class.
This isn't the first time Tom has spent a couple of weeks in a hospital.
This isn't the first time it's snowed in Boston on Christmas Day.
This isn't the first time that I've been bullied.
This isn't the first time that I've been here.
This isn't the first time that I've done this.
This isn't the first time that I've forgotten to do that.
This isn't the first time that I've ridden a bicycle.
This isn't the first time that Tom and Mary have spent a couple of weeks in a hospital.
This isn't the first time that Tom has been late.
This isn't the first time that Tom has broken a bone.
This isn't the first time that Tom has lied.
This isn't the first time that Tom has made a mistake.
This isn't the first time that Tom has made that mistake.
This isn't the first time that Tom has spent a couple of weeks in a hospital.
This isn't the first time that it's snowed in Boston on Christmas Day.
This isn't the first time that this has happened to me.
This isn't the first time that this has happened to us.
This isn't the first time that this has happened.
This isn't the first time that we've done this.
This isn't the first time that we've met.
This isn't the first time that we've seen something like this happen.
This isn't the first time that you've been late.
This isn't the first time that you've said that to me.
This isn't the first time that you've told me that.
This isn't the first time this has happened to me.
This isn't the first time this has happened to us.
This isn't the first time this has happened.
This isn't the first time we've done this.
This isn't the first time you've arrived late.
This isn't the first time you've been late.
This isn't the first time you've made this mistake.
This isn't the first time.
This isn't the government's fault.
This isn't the guitar I usually play.
This isn't the guitar that I usually play.
This isn't the house I dreamt of buying.
This isn't the key I was supposed to bring.
This isn't the kind of cheese I usually buy.
This isn't the kind of cheese that I usually buy.
This isn't the kind of mistake I'd expect from you.
This isn't the kind of oil that we need.
This isn't the kind of oil we need.
This isn't the kind of place I would've expected to see you.
This isn't the kind of place I'd have expected to see you.
This isn't the kind of place I'd like to live.
This isn't the knife I confiscated from Tom.
This isn't the knife that I confiscated from Tom.
This isn't the laptop that I usually use.
This isn't the last train, is it?
This isn't the last you've seen of me.
This isn't the murder weapon.
This isn't the newest of bikes.
This isn't the only condition.
This isn't the only copy.
This isn't the only exception.
This isn't the only exit.
This isn't the only good news for Algeria.
This isn't the only key.
This isn't the only problem that we face.
This isn't the only way out.
This isn't the original. It's a remix.
This isn't the place I was looking for - that's what I feel.
This isn't the prize I expected to receive.
This isn't the proper place for this.
This isn't the quickest fix.
This isn't the real world.
This isn't the result that we expected.
This isn't the right moment. May I call later?
This isn't the right response.
This isn't the right size.
This isn't the right time for Sami to get the inheritance.
This isn't the right time to be doing this.
This isn't the right way to do this.
This isn't the right way.
This isn't the road that we should be on.
This isn't the road we should be on.
This isn't the room I booked.
This isn't the same car I had three years ago.
This isn't the sort of mistake I'd expect from you.
This isn't the sort of place I'd expect to see you.
This isn't the time for jokes.
This isn't the time for joking.
This isn't the time for petty squabbles. Let's band together and get the job done.
This isn't the time for stupid jokes.
This isn't the time for that.
This isn't the time nor place to relax. We can't afford to let our guard down.
This isn't the time or the place for that.
This isn't the time or the place to do that.
This isn't the time or the place.
This isn't the time to do that.
This isn't the time to hide and keep quiet. We need to speak out now.
This isn't the time to talk about that.
This isn't the time.
This isn't the type of mistake I'd expect from you.
This isn't the type that I like.
This isn't the way I envisioned this happening.
This isn't the way I thought this would happen.
This isn't the way I wanted to remember Tom.
This isn't the way I'd planned to do this.
This isn't the way home.
This isn't the way it should be.
This isn't the way it's supposed to happen.
This isn't the way that I thought that this would happen.
This isn't the way to Tom's house.
This isn't the way to do it.
This isn't the way we usually solve problems.
This isn't the way.
This isn't the whole story.
This isn't the world I want to live in.
This isn't the worst of it.
This isn't the wrench I want.
This isn't their fault.
This isn't theirs.
This isn't toilet paper.
This isn't too early, is it?
This isn't too hard for you, is it?
This isn't true either.
This isn't true love.
This isn't true.
This isn't unique.
This isn't unlike what happened to me.
This isn't unprecedented.
This isn't unusual.
This isn't up for discussion.
This isn't urgent.
This isn't useful at all.
This isn't useless.
This isn't very big.
This isn't very clear.
This isn't very easy.
This isn't very good French.
This isn't very good.
This isn't very helpful.
This isn't very important.
This isn't very interesting.
This isn't very modest. Go upstairs and change immediately.
This isn't very sophisticated technology.
This isn't very spicy.
This isn't very stylish.
This isn't very sweet.
This isn't water.
This isn't water. It's kerosene.
This isn't weed.
This isn't what I asked for.
This isn't what I came for.
This isn't what I expected.
This isn't what I had in mind for the two of us.
This isn't what I had in mind.
This isn't what I need.
This isn't what I needed.
This isn't what I ordered.
This isn't what I paid for.
This isn't what I requested.
This isn't what I signed up for.
This isn't what I want.
This isn't what I wanted to eat.
This isn't what I wanted.
This isn't what I was expecting to happen.
This isn't what I was hoping for.
This isn't what I was looking for.
This isn't what I was thinking of.
This isn't what I would choose to do on a Saturday night.
This isn't what I'm looking for.
This isn't what Tom and I are looking for.
This isn't what Tom and I were expecting to happen.
This isn't what Tom and I were looking for.
This isn't what Tom and Mary need now.
This isn't what Tom and Mary need.
This isn't what Tom expected.
This isn't what Tom needs now.
This isn't what Tom needs.
This isn't what Tom wanted.
This isn't what Tom wants.
This isn't what it looks like.
This isn't what she would want.
This isn't what she would've wanted.
This isn't what should be happening.
This isn't what should have been manufactured.
This isn't what was supposed to happen.
This isn't what was written on the menu.
This isn't what we agreed on.
This isn't what we asked for.
This isn't what we envisioned for you.
This isn't what we expected.
This isn't what we need.
This isn't what we paid to see.
This isn't what we planned.
This isn't what we should be doing now.
This isn't what we should be doing.
This isn't what we want to do.
This isn't what we want.
This isn't what we were hoping for.
This isn't where I grew up.
This isn't where I parked my car.
This isn't where I usually sit.
This isn't where it happened.
This isn't witchcraft.
This isn't working like it's supposed to.
This isn't working out, Ziri.
This isn't working out.
This isn't working, is it?
This isn't working.
This isn't worth dying for.
This isn't worth getting worked up over.
This isn't worth it.
This isn't worth much money.
This isn't worth much.
This isn't worth my time.
This isn't worth the wait.
This isn't written in French.
This isn't yet certain.
This isn't you, Tom.
This isn't your assigned seat, is it, Tom?
This isn't your best work.
This isn't your book. It's mine.
This isn't your brother.
This isn't your cup of tea.
This isn't your decision.
This isn't your fault, Tom.
This isn't your fault, understand?
This isn't your fault.
This isn't your fight.
This isn't your first time here, is it?
This isn't your first warning.
This isn't your hat, is it?
This isn't your home, Tom.
This isn't your house.
This isn't your job.
This isn't your kind of place, Tom.
This isn't your money. It's mine.
This isn't your office.
This isn't your place, is it?
This isn't your place.
This isn't yours.
This isn’t Mandarin, it’s Shanghainese.
This isn’t Spanish.
This isn’t a very cheerful place.
This isn’t an unappealing proposition, is it?
This isn’t any ordinary ability.
This isn’t any scarier than the Germans.
This isn’t even Fyodor’s bed.
This isn’t exactly what I wanted.
This isn’t fair.
This isn’t finished at all.
This isn’t for sale.
This isn’t going to end well, I feel it!
This isn’t mine.
This isn’t money.
This isn’t my bag.
This isn’t my blood. It’s all splash-back from my opponent. There isn’t a single scratch on me.
This isn’t my opinion, it’s just what I’ve translated.
This isn’t my point of view, it’s only my translation!
This isn’t my umbrella; it’s somebody else’s.
This isn’t open for discussion, don’t make me repeat myself.
This isn’t quite it yet but I think that we are getting closer.
This isn’t the last train, is it?
This isn’t the type that I like.
This isn’t up for discussion, just drop it.
This isn’t useful, is it?
This isn’t what I ordered.
This isn’t what was written on the menu.
This isn’t worth getting worked up over.
This isn’t your son is it, Betty?
This isolated island is rejoicing at finally having drinkable water.
This issue concerns all of us.
This issue concerns us all.
This issue doesn't need to be resolved today.
This issue has been relegated to the background.
This issue has nothing to do with you.
This issue is an elephant, but the politicians pretend that it's a mosquito.
This issue is controversial.
This issue is difficult to resolve.
This issue is interminable, inexhaustible.
This issue is particularly personal and painful to me.
This issue is quite painful for Tom, so try to bring it up to him delicately.
This issue is something that needs more media attention here in Egypt.
This issue is staring Algeria right in the face.
This issue is very complex.
This issue isn't going away.
This issue needs to be considered more carefully.
This issue needs to be dealt with immediately and no options are off the table.
This issue of separatism needs to be taken seriously.
This issue should be voted on.
This issue was much more prevalent back then.
This issue was soon resolved by itself.
This issue won't be solved by tanks.
This issue won't be solved with violence.
This item comes in 3 different colors.
This item has gone bad.
This item has rotted.
This item is a bargain.
This item is currently out of stock.
This item is good value.
This item is in mint condition.
This item is rotten.
This item now accounts for 20 percent of our sales.
This item's a bargain.
This itinerary is too long.
This ivy already has baby roots.
This ivy can tolerate a lot more direct sunlight.
This ivy could cause even more problems for the tree.
This ivy grows bushy.
This ivy has baby roots.
This ivy has beautiful leaves.
This ivy has been growing here for four decades now.
This ivy has been in a pot for a while.
This ivy has been rooting in water for four months.
This ivy has leaves the size of my hand.
This ivy has smaller leaves.
This ivy has wide leaves.
This ivy is Ziri's pride and joy.
This ivy is a fourteen-year old plant.
This ivy is a really fast grower.
This ivy is a wonderful piece of nature in a pot.
This ivy is bushy.
This ivy is dead.
This ivy is getting intense sun.
This ivy is gonna grow fast.
This ivy is growing fast.
This ivy is likely from a seed eaten and dropped by a bird.
This ivy is lovely.
This ivy is not bad at all.
This ivy is relatively dormant.
This ivy is so beautiful.
This ivy is solidly attacked to the brickwork.
This ivy is starting to harm the tree.
This ivy is the mother plant.
This ivy is very dense.
This ivy is very popular in Algeria.
This ivy is very thick.
This ivy isn't alive.
This ivy looks spectacular when it covers entire buildings.
This ivy needs some trimming.
This ivy needs to be taken down.
This ivy tends to grow bushier as compared to that one.
This ivy was an adorable addition to our home.
This ivy will become a very beautiful plant.
This ivy's leaves are very bright green.
This ivy's leaves are very dark.
This jab will help numb the pain.
This jacket cost me thirty euros.
This jacket fits pretty well.
This jacket fits well.
This jacket has a sherpa lining that keeps you warm even in freezing temperatures.
This jacket has buttons.
This jacket has the virtue of being easy to wash.
This jacket is a little too big.
This jacket is a tight fit.
This jacket is from Europe.
This jacket is too big for me.
This jacket is too big for you.
This jacket is too small for me.
This jacket is too tight for me.
This jacket is warm.
This jacket isn't expensive, it's very cheap.
This jacket must have cost you a fortune.
This jacket must have cost you a packet.
This jacket sets well.
This jacket smells like shitty cheese.
This jacket somehow doesn't go with this skirt.
This jacket somehow doesn’t go with this skirt.
This jacket was designed by Tom.
This jacket's got buttons.
This jam is homemade.
This jam jar's lid is stuck and won't open.
This jambalaya is excellent!
This jar can hold two liters of hot water.
This jazz collection is a treasure.
This jersey can't be washed by machine, only by hand.
This jet costs a fortune.
This jet travels about three times as fast as the speed of sound.
This jewel clearly comes from the village of Ath Yenni.
This jewelry isn't made of gold. They're covered in gold.
This jigsaw puzzle has a few missing pieces.
This jigsaw puzzle is missing a few pieces.
This job bores me to death.
This job calls for practice.
This job calls for skill.
This job carries me all over the world.
This job cost us $100.
This job could be a lot tougher than we imagined.
This job couldn't come at a better time.
This job demands a lot of time.
This job does not require an advanced degree. A high school diploma is enough.
This job doesn't pay a lot.
This job doesn't pay very much.
This job doesn't pay well.
This job doesn't pay.
This job doesn't require a lot of experience.
This job doesn't require special training.
This job doesn’t pay.
This job eats money.
This job fulfils my expectations.
This job gives me the hump.
This job has been a good fit for me.
This job has no future.
This job has to be done by hand.
This job involves lots of hard work.
This job is a good one, but the trouble is that I cannot study.
This job is a great way to meet people.
This job is a pain in the neck.
This job is an utter waste of time.
This job is best left for men.
This job is beyond my ability.
This job is dead easy.
This job is far from over.
This job is killing me.
This job is kind of boring.
This job is my bread and butter.
This job is not for any person in the battery.
This job is not for every person in the battery.
This job is perfect for you.
This job is too difficult for me.
This job is too much for me.
This job is too stressful. I don't want to do it anymore.
This job is tough, though it has other compensations.
This job is very demanding.
This job isn't as easy as it looks.
This job isn't difficult.
This job isn't hard.
This job makes tremendous claims on our emotional strength.
This job offer is a godsend for me.
This job ought to keep us busy for a while.
This job pays 10,000 yen a day.
This job pays 12.50 per hour.
This job pays in publicity.
This job pays pretty well.
This job pays very well.
This job pays well.
This job position demands a lot of personal sacrifice.
This job requires a few essential tools.
This job should be fun.
This job shouldn't take more than a couple of hours.
This job stresses me out!
This job takes me all over the world.
This job was easy.
This job wasn't easy.
This job will call for a lot of money.
This job will have to wait one more day.
This job will mean moving to another city.
This job will provide you with valuable experience.
This job will take twice as long as I expected.
This job will take us a long time.
This job would be really difficult to replace with robots.
This joke belongs to me.
This joke didn't strike people as beyond the pale at the time.
This joke doesn't have anything to do with you.
This joke has gone too far.
This joke has run its course.
This joke is a source of mirth for the audience.
This joke is ancient!
This joke is crude.
This joke is not funny.
This joke is politically incorrect.
This joke isn't funny.
This joke relies on a double entendre.
This joke was long overdue to be translated.
This journalist, whose article you were so interested in, is my neighbor.
This journey is about finding my authentic self.
This jug has no bottom.
This jug is empty.
This juice can cure AIDS. Just drink it.
This juice is so sour.
This juice is sour.
This juice is too sweet.
This juice tastes sour.
This juice would be even better with two ice cubes.
This jumper doesn't cost much. It's really cheap.
This jumper doesn't cost much. It's very cheap.
This jumper is itchy round the neck.
This jumper is too small for me.
This jumper is too tight for me.
This junction is dangerous.
This junction is notorious for accidents.
This jungle is full of hidden and untold treasures.
This jungle is full of snakes and spiders.
This jungle is very dense.
This junk has got to go.
This just barely covers our living expenses.
This just came in for you.
This just demonstrates that you're not a robot.
This just doesn't add up!
This just doesn't make sense.
This just got ugly.
This just had to happen today of all days!
This just happened to me.
This just has to be Tom's hat.
This just has to be Tom's umbrella.
This just has to be Tom’s hat.
This just has to be his umbrella.
This just isn't like you.
This just made Tom cry more.
This just made her cry more.
This just made me laugh, especially towards the end!
This just might come in handy someday.
This just now became understood by you?
This kaleidoscope is giving me a headache.
This kebab is too fatty.
This kefir has too much sugar in it.
This kefir is making me fart like a madman.
This kennel is new.
This kept Michael constantly on edge.
This key admits to his room.
This key doesn't fit in the lock.
This key doesn't fit into this lock.
This key doesn't work in this lock.
This key doesn't work.
This key doesn’t fit in the lock.
This key is not mine.
This key isn't Tom's. It is someone else's.
This key isn't from here.
This key opens all the doors in this area.
This key should open that door.
This key won't go in the lock.
This key won't open this door.
This key won't work because it's bent.
This key won’t go in the lock.
This keyboard has several keys missing.
This keyboard is missing several keys.
This keyboard is not my friend today.
This keyboard is perfect.
This keyboard isn't my friend today.
This keyboard's stopped working.
This kid doesn't believe in ghosts.
This kid fell from the bridge.
This kid is annoying!
This kid is fuckin' badass!
This kid is great.
This kid is smarter than average.
This kid is wearing shorts.
This kid just isn't possible.
This kid knows too much.
This kid seems to be rather happy.
This kills me.
This kinase phosphorylates certain signaling molecules, which triggers a series of additional reactions that transmit chemical signals within cells.
This kind of accident doesn't happen often.
This kind of amusement has no attraction for me.
This kind of blanket needs good airing.
This kind of blew my mind.
This kind of blouse is beginning to look a bit old-fashioned.
This kind of bomb is a serious menace to mankind.
This kind of book is of no use to us.
This kind of case is amenable to statistical treatment.
This kind of cat doesn't have a tail.
This kind of cloth is both cheap and sturdy.
This kind of cold isn't that unusual.
This kind of dog exists only in Japan.
This kind of experience is familiar to everybody.
This kind of experience is familiar to everyone.
This kind of flower doesn't grow in my garden.
This kind of food is really popular in Boston.
This kind of gray, chilly day makes me want to stay in and play online games.
This kind of hat started to be worn in the early 1800s.
This kind of heat isn't normal.
This kind of heat isn't that unusual.
This kind of hot weather is something I'm not used to.
This kind of insect is more common than previously thought.
This kind of insect is more common than was previously thought.
This kind of item won't sell.
This kind of magazine can do harm to young people.
This kind of material tears easily.
This kind of medicine can only be applied externally.
This kind of medicine can temporarily alleviate pain. If you need it, just take it.
This kind of mistake is easy to overlook.
This kind of mushroom is poisonous.
This kind of music is something that older people have difficulty understanding.
This kind of music makes me nervous.
This kind of odour is really terrifying.
This kind of offer is not refused.
This kind of ointment prevents sunburn.
This kind of partisan skulduggery has no place in a government agency.
This kind of picture does not appeal to me.
This kind of plant grows only in the tropical regions.
This kind of proposal can't be rejected.
This kind of rain isn't that unusual for this time of year.
This kind of restrictive legislation is bound to hobble the economy.
This kind of rose grows wild.
This kind of shoe is apt to slip on wet ground.
This kind of snow isn't that unusual in this area.
This kind of specialized knowledge has very little to do with daily life.
This kind of strange situation typifies my impressions of China.
This kind of task requires dedication.
This kind of tastes like chicken.
This kind of thing always happens to me.
This kind of thing annoys me.
This kind of thing can go on forever.
This kind of thing can happen to anyone.
This kind of thing could happen anywhere.
This kind of thing could happen to anyone.
This kind of thing didn't happen during our childhood.
This kind of thing didn't happen when we were kids.
This kind of thing does happen.
This kind of thing doesn't happen often.
This kind of thing doesn't happen very often.
This kind of thing doesn't occur very often.
This kind of thing doesn’t occur very often.
This kind of thing happens a lot.
This kind of thing happens all the time.
This kind of thing happens in Australia, too.
This kind of thing happens in Boston, too.
This kind of thing happens when you don't pay attention to what you're doing.
This kind of thing happens.
This kind of thing has never happened before.
This kind of thing has never happened in Boston.
This kind of thing is good every once in a while.
This kind of thing needs to stop.
This kind of thing never happens in Boston.
This kind of thing only happens in Boston.
This kind of thing only happens once in a lifetime.
This kind of thing usually takes a long time.
This kind of thing will never happen again.
This kind of thing would never happen in Boston.
This kind of tomato tastes better cooked than raw.
This kind of tree grows very rapidly.
This kind of wear and tear happens to carpets.
This kind of weather isn't that unusual.
This kind of weather isn't unusual for Boston.
This kind of weather makes me want to stay indoors.
This kind of weather makes me want to stay inside.
This kind of weather suits me.
This kind of wood is tough to saw through.
This kind of work can be tricky.
This kind of work is mind-numbing, but essential if we want the project to be a success.
This kind of work is very dangerous.
This kind of work makes me hungry.
This kind of work requires a lot of patience.
This kind of work wears me out.
This kind of work will be easier for Tom.
This kind of writing I do not remember to have seen hitherto attempted in our language.
This kingdom needs a new king.
This kitchen is filthy.
This kitchen is very functional.
This kitchen is very modern and pretty.
This kitchen towel is disgusting.
This kitten doesn't drink milk from his mother anymore.
This kitten wants to sleep.
This knife belongs to me.
This knife cuts well.
This knife doesn't cut well.
This knife doesn’t cut well.
This knife has a fine edge and cuts well.
This knife has a very sharp blade.
This knife has served me well.
This knife is blunt.
This knife is dull.
This knife is golden.
This knife is just good for slicing a loaf.
This knife is mine.
This knife is not at all sharp.
This knife is not sharp enough.
This knife is razor sharp.
This knife is sharp.
This knife is so dull that it can't cut.
This knife is so dull that it can’t cut.
This knife is used to cut meat.
This knife is very sharp.
This knife isn't sharp enough.
This knife isn't sharp.
This knife isn't very sharp.
This knife needs to be sharpened.
This knife was given to me by my grandfather.
This knife was very useful to me.
This knife won't cut well.
This knife won’t cut well.
This knot can replace the figure-eight knot when tying into a climbing harness.
This knot is impossible to untangle.
This knot is impossible to untie.
This knot will not hold.
This knot's coming loose.
This knowledge can be used both for good or evil.
This knowledge is difficult.
This knowledge is useful for every person on Earth.
This knowledge requires lots of energy from me.
This kung fu master can break bricks with his hands.
This label sticks easily.
This laboratory belongs to a respected pharmaceutical company.
This laboratory is equipped with the latest computers.
This laboratory is where we study every day.
This lack of responsibility is driving me crazy.
This ladder is a good one.
This ladder is broken.
This ladder is defective.
This ladder is metal.
This ladder is missing three rungs.
This ladder leads to the roof.
This ladder won't hold both of us.
This lady can't help us, she's gone mad.
This lady does not clean.
This lady for sure is a virgin; she never did lose her virginity.
This lady is Indian.
This lady is Masagokan's landlady, Yoko Someha.
This lady is Masagokan’s landlady, Yoko Someha.
This lady is my teacher!
This lady is old and crazy.
This lady is under our protection.
This lady was first.
This lady witnessed an accident at three o'clock this afternoon.
This lady witnessed an accident at three o’clock this afternoon.
This lake abounds in trout.
This lake abounds in various kinds of fish.
This lake is a death trap.
This lake is a natural monument.
This lake is among the deepest in the country.
This lake is deep.
This lake is deepest at this point.
This lake is greenish.
This lake is one of the deepest in the country.
This lake is private. Fishing here is forbidden.
This lake is shallow.
This lake is the deepest in Japan.
This lake is the deepest in this country.
This lake is the deepest lake in Japan.
This lake is too cold to swim in.
This lake is very deep.
This lake isn't deep. It is shallow.
This lake provided water to our city.
This lake supplies our city with water.
This lake's water is clean.
This lamb is too young and is solely dependent on its mother's milk for survival.
This lamp gives off a soft light.
This lamp is powered by a solar panel.
This lamp sends out a powerful beam.
This lamp stand is made from driftwood.
This land belongs to Mr Ikeda.
This land belongs to Mr. Ikeda.
This land belongs to Tom.
This land belongs to her.
This land belongs to him.
This land belongs to me.
This land belongs to the Royal Family.
This land belongs to the mosque.
This land belongs to them.
This land belongs to us.
This land belongs to your father.
This land contains no hope.
This land gives good crops.
This land has dried up.
This land is Tom's.
This land is covered by a verdant carpet of lush vegetation.
This land is hers.
This land is ideal for farming.
This land is left uncultivated.
This land is my home.
This land is my property.
This land is not for sale.
This land is not suitable for agriculture.
This land is open to everyone.
This land is owned by an Algerian man named Yanni.
This land is sacred to my people.
This land is the only home we have.
This land is your land.
This land isn't ours.
This land was expropriated from its original owner decades ago.
This land yields a good crop of rice.
This landscape is of indescribable beauty.
This landscape looks like a different planet.
This landscape looks like an alien landscape.
This landscape reminds me of Italy.
This lane isn't safe at night.
This language doesn't exist.
This language has been in decline for several centuries until recently.
This language has few cases, but they are very irregular.
This language has few speakers left.
This language has few speakers.
This language has many cases, but they are very regular.
This language has many cases.
This language has many speakers.
This language has only one sentence.
This language has very few speakers left.
This language is a conlang.
This language is as much yours as it is mine.
This language is exclusively oral.
This language is highly inflectional.
This language is impossible to learn to speak correctly.
This language is incomprehensible to me when spoken.
This language is incomprehensible.
This language is incredibly difficult.
This language is not real.
This language is perfectly clear to me when written, but absolutely incomprehensible when spoken.
This language is unpronounceable to me.
This language is unusually difficult.
This language is written using the Latin alphabet.
This language kills fascists.
This language sounds beautiful.
This language sounds like Berber.
This language sounds ugly.
This language will likely die soon.
This language's grammar is very difficult.
This laowai, how classy!
This laptop belongs to me.
This laptop computer is very thin.
This laptop has a fingerprint reader.
This laptop is light.
This laptop is thin and light.
This laptop is very thin.
This large mustard family mostly has fruits known as a silique or silicle, which are pods that split into two valves; and yellow or white, rarely pinkish flowers.
This large sofa would be out of place in a small room.
This large tree provides shade.
This large type is easy on the eyes.
This lasagna is quite hot!
This lasagne is piping hot!
This lasagne is very hot!
This last November, three snow leopards in a Nebraska zoo died of COVID.
This last happened fifteen years ago.
This last month has been tough.
This last song is one I wrote for my wife.
This last statement is true, of course.
This last trick is a tough one.
This last week has been tough.
This last week's been crazy.
This lasted from sunrise to sunset.
This late?
This latest discovery suggests that some pockets of the Martian terrain may be habitable and could contain some form of microbial life that escaped from the planet's freezing surface to the waters beneath.
This latest scandal puts all those that have gone before in the shade.
This latest scene release comes with a keygen.
This latrine stinks.
This latter statement might mean anything; but imparted by him to me, it seemed to be capable of but one interpretation.
This law allows for certain exceptions.
This law applies to everybody.
This law came into existence in 1918.
This law can be interpreted in many ways.
This law cannot be repealed.
This law discriminates against Muslims.
This law does not apply in Japan.
This law is absurd.
This law is applicable in every case.
This law is applicable to all cases.
This law is indispensable.
This law is insane.
This law is paternalistic.
This law is unconstitutional.
This law is unjust.
This law mitigates the negative effects of economic recessions.
This law only affects foreigners.
This law only applies to foreigners.
This law presents issues to Muslims.
This law shall have effect in Japan.
This law was passed last year.
This law was written in an unconstitutional way.
This law will benefit the poor.
This law will deprive us of our basic rights.
This law will rob us of our basic rights.
This lawn mower gets the job done.
This lawn mower is gas powered.
This lawn mower runs on gasoline.
This lawn mower runs on petrol.
This lawnmower is ridiculously overpriced.
This lawnmower runs on petrol.
This lawyer has never lost a case.
This lawyer is going to trot out every bad thing I've ever done.
This leads to passive aggressiveness.
This leaf has six points.
This leaf looks like a star.
This leaf-blower is noisy.
This leaflet contains necessary information.
This learning method is fit for people without a lot of free time.
This leather jacket looks cute.
This leave has many pointy parts.
This leaves much to be desired.
This lecture hall is big, and that one is small.
This lecture seems to drag on forever.
This led Paul to another scientific dilemma.
This led Yanni to disappointment.
This led Yanni to frustration.
This led to Gunter’s own death.
This led to Ziri's arrest as a suspect.
This led to a divorce in 2004.
This led to a very comical situation.
This led to further problems.
This led to him losing his money.
This led to magazines becoming one of the most common formats for adult comics.
This led to unexpected results.
This left Fyodor even more distressed.
This left a bad taste in Yanni's mouth.
This left him confused.
This left me confused.
This legislation constitutes a full-fledged attack on consumer rights.
This lemon isn't ripe.
This lemon tree was planted by Mary's father on the day she was born.
This lemon tree was planted by Mary's father the same day she was born.
This lemonade is too sweet.
This lemonade tastes too sweet.
This lesson is being conducted in Berber.
This lesson is being conducted mainly in Berber.
This lesson is boring.
This lesson is cancelled tomorrow.
This lesson is difficult.
This lesson is endless!
This lesson is interminable!
This lesson is never-ending!
This lesson should be kept in mind.
This lesson was clear for us.
This letter arrived while you were out.
This letter bears a foreign stamp.
This letter bears no signature.
This letter contains sensitive information that may offend some people.
This letter has a Paris postmark.
This letter has been sent to the wrong place.
This letter has no signature.
This letter has the wrong address.
This letter has to be sent right away.
This letter hasn't been signed.
This letter is addressed to you.
This letter is for Tom.
This letter is for you.
This letter is from Sami.
This letter is full of spelling mistakes.
This letter is not signed.
This letter is personal, and I don't want anyone else to read it.
This letter is personal, and I don’t want anyone else to read it.
This letter is personal. I don't want anyone else to read it.
This letter is the only key to the mystery.
This letter is to the old woman.
This letter is too long to have it translated at a reasonable price.
This letter is written in French.
This letter is wrongly addressed.
This letter isn't addressed to you.
This letter isn't for you.
This letter isn't signed.
This letter of the alphabet - can you see a person smiling if you look from the side?
This letter purports to be his resignation.
This letter says he is going to marry Grace next month.
This letter says that he will arrive on Monday.
This letter was full of mistakes because it had been written too hastily.
This letter was never meant to be sent.
This letter was sent to the wrong place.
This letter was written by Naoko last night.
This letter was written by Tom.
This letter was written in great haste and contains many errors.
This letter won't reach its destination.
This letter's for me.
This letter's for you.
This lettuce was grown in Algeria.
This level is harder than it looks.
This level is intermediate. It isn't hard.
This level is really hard.
This level of coordination between the government, the media, and the billionaire class is unprecedented here.
This level of inequality is bound to lead to social strife.
This library contains books specifically for blind children.
This library has a large collection of Chinese books.
This library has more than 50,000 volumes.
This library has no books that are not in English.
This library has no non-English books.
This library has over 50,000 volumes.
This library holds many treasures from the early Middle Ages.
This library is always open.
This library is home to many treasures from the early Middle Ages.
This library is new.
This library was built in 2013.
This license is no longer valid.
This lid belongs with that jar.
This lid is so tight I can't open it.
This lid is so tight I can’t open it.
This lid is too tight for me to open.
This lie troubles my conscience.
This lies outside my area of expertise.
This life is a test.
This life is intentionally left blank.
This life often lacks imagination.
This life sucks.
This lift goes no further than the fifth floor.
This lift goes no higher than the fifth floor.
This lift goes up only as far as the sixth floor.
This lift holds eight people.
This lift is making a lot of noise.
This lift is out of order. Please use the stairs.
This lift is really noisy.
This lift is very noisy.
This light bulb is blown.
This light bulb is more efficient.
This light is green.
This light is more yellowish.
This light switch has on-and-off markings.
This light switch is much bigger than that one.
This light switch is working.
This light switch needs to be tightened to the wall.
This lighter won't catch.
This lighter won’t catch.
This lightweight insulation will be accompanied by a finishing touch of white ceramic paint on the sun-facing plate, to reflect as much heat as possible.
This like a dream come true for me.
This lily smells really nice.
This lime isn't ripe.
This limited express is bound for Sendai.
This line is crosswise.
This line is diagonal.
This line is parallel to that.
This line is parallel to the other.
This line marks your height.
This line represents the longitude.
This line shows the longitude.
This link will expire in 4 days.
This lion is very tame.
This lion was born in captivity.
This liquid can be resolved into three elements.
This liquid can raise people from the dead.
This liquid is harmful.
This liquid possesses one strange property.
This liquor has a taste all of its own.
This list can be infinitely stretched out.
This list is for you.
This list is in alphabetical order.
This list is in no particular order.
This list is inclusive of the past members of the group.
This list is incomplete.
This list is not exhaustive.
This list is not official.
This list is sorted alphabetically.
This list isn't exhaustive.
This list isn't in alphabetical order and because of that it's difficult to read.
This list isn't official.
This list may not be exhaustive.
This list of calculator models may not be complete.
This list was in no particular order.
This lit scene feels so familiar to me.
This literally happened a few days ago.
This little arthropod is more poisonous than you can imagine.
This little baby tore up a 10 dollar bill.
This little dark church is formed of four small bays and was formerly the old baptistery.
This little detail did not fit into the big picture.
This little fellow is Tom.
This little fork has four tines.
This little girl is going to cost us an arm and a leg!
This little girl is my sister's friend.
This little girl let the birds escape.
This little girl lives in Brazil.
This little grouping of chairs looks like a horse.
This little guy is Tom.
This little house is my lodging.
This little jug is historic; it's more than eighty years old.
This little piggy went to market. / This little piggy stayed home. / This little piggy had roast beef. / This little piggy had none. / And this little piggy went wee-wee-wee-wee all the way home.
This little program will be very useful, especially if you often do interest rate calculations.
This little room is furnished with two round tables, a sideboard, and several chairs, and is decorated with numerous crayon sketches of the knights of the aforesaid round tables.
This little story calls into life all the questions of language and the philosophy of style.
This little story is too simple to explain everything.
This little town is so dirty and scary.
This little town will blossom.
This little trapezoid represents the ground.
This little trinket would go well on my shelf.
This living room is big.
This living room is spacious.
This loaf of bread is big.
This loaf of bread is small.
This loan will carry very heavy interest.
This local newspaper is published once a week.
This location is in Switzerland.
This location is rich in iron ore.
This lock is beautiful.
This lock is very nice.
This logo is hideous.
This logo is really ugly.
This logo needs to be redesigned.
This logo needs to be reworked.
This lollipop is too sweet.
This loneliness weighs heavily on my soul.
This lonely patient takes pleasure from sewing.
This longing hurts and even makes me cry.
This looks a little like French, but it isn't.
This looks a lot like the watch Tom used to wear.
This looks amazing.
This looks and smells like orange juice, but it isn't. I wonder what it is.
This looks as though it will drag on and on.
This looks awesome!
This looks awful.
This looks bad.
This looks better than that.
This looks delicious.
This looks expensive, but it's pretty cheap!
This looks familiar.
This looks fantastic.
This looks good.
This looks great.
This looks important.
This looks interesting.
This looks inviting. Let's go inside.
This looks kind of cute.
This looks like Arabic typed with a Persian keyboard.
This looks like Arabic, not Persian.
This looks like Quantum Physics. You don't have to understand why, you have to accept it as it is.
This looks like Tom's handiwork.
This looks like Tom's handwriting.
This looks like Tom's work.
This looks like a case for the CID, not the regular police.
This looks like a cheap apartment.
This looks like a close-range gunshot wound.
This looks like a game-breaking bug. Try reloading your previous save.
This looks like a good photo opportunity.
This looks like a good place to pitch the tent.
This looks like a good spot for fishing.
This looks like a good spot to camp.
This looks like a good spot to set up camp.
This looks like a good spot.
This looks like a great place for a picnic.
This looks like a great place.
This looks like a gunshot wound.
This looks like a job for Tom Jackson.
This looks like a nice place to live.
This looks like a nice place.
This looks like a nice watering hole.
This looks like a trap.
This looks like an attempt at rephrasing a well-known English proverb.
This looks like an enchanted forest.
This looks like another government cover-up.
This looks like discrimination.
This looks like fun.
This looks like it might be the weapon that was used to kill Tom.
This looks like one of the suits you used to wear.
This looks like orange juice, but it isn't. I wonder what it is.
This looks like silk.
This looks like the right way.
This looks like third-degree frostbite.
This looks like where the suspect's car drove off the road.
This looks longer than that, but it is an optical illusion.
This looks pretty cool.
This looks pretty interesting.
This looks really complicated.
This looks really good.
This looks really interesting.
This looks right.
This looks serious.
This looks shopped. I can tell from the pixels and from seeing quite a few shops in my time.
This looks so good.
This looks too complicated for me.
This looks very complicated.
This looks very familiar.
This looks weird.
This looks wonderful.
This loss and its consequences will have an impact not only the people that speak these languages but upon us all.
This lost him his life.
This loud noise is driving me crazy.
This love is true.
This love will never end.
This lovely blouse is made of polyester and cotton.
This lower-middle-income country remains vulnerable to natural and external shocks.
This lucky streak won't last forever.
This luggage porter is very strong.
This luscious pear gives me the shudders.
This luxury product is taxed according to the applicable regulation.
This machine answers to human voice.
This machine can dig giant holes.
This machine can print sixty pages a minute.
This machine consumes 10% of all the power we use.
This machine cranks out a thousand screws an hour.
This machine does not run well.
This machine does not work.
This machine doesn't have a safety device.
This machine doesn't work.
This machine doesn’t have a safety device.
This machine generates electricity.
This machine has a lot of switches and buttons.
This machine has gone out of date.
This machine here produces electricity.
This machine impressed everyone.
This machine is broken.
This machine is controlled by Tom.
This machine is controlled by a computer.
This machine is driven by a small electric motor.
This machine is driven by a small motor.
This machine is driven by electricity.
This machine is easy to handle.
This machine is environmentally friendly.
This machine is familiar to me.
This machine is hard to operate.
This machine is idling.
This machine is inferior to that one in durability.
This machine is more than twenty years old.
This machine is most dangerous; don't touch it.
This machine is most dangerous; don’t touch it.
This machine is not easy to operate.
This machine is now out of date.
This machine is of great use.
This machine is out of order.
This machine is out of order. Please try again later.
This machine is robust and emission-free.
This machine is specially engineered to work in extreme weather.
This machine is superior in quality to that one.
This machine is too heavy for me to carry.
This machine is used for polishing all kinds of metal.
This machine is used to dry clothes.
This machine is very useful.
This machine is worthless.
This machine isn't easy to operate.
This machine just read my mind!
This machine kills fascists.
This machine makes 100 copies a minute.
This machine produces electricity for our daily use.
This machine saves us a lot of labor.
This machine should help save time.
This machine sometimes breaks down.
This machine takes your money and gives you nothing in return.
This machine was assembled by Tom.
This machine was manufactured in France.
This machine was of great use to us all.
This machine was out of order for a while.
This machine weighs nearly thirty tons.
This machine will be quite useful for our studies.
This machine will pay for itself in no time.
This machine will suppress it.
This machine won't work.
This machine works by electricity.
This machine wouldn’t work yesterday.
This machine's not easy to operate.
This machinery along with sophisticated environmental control devices and computers, are powered by wind turbines, solar power, and bio-diesel fuel made from used cooking oil from city restaurants.
This made Cinderella's lot still harder, for it was she who ironed her sisters' linen and plaited their ruffles.
This made David's blood boil.
This made Fadil terrified.
This made Leonid very happy.
This made Sami even stronger in his religion.
This made Sami explode.
This made Sami feel good.
This made Sami jealous.
This made Sami look more respectable.
This made Sami terrified.
This made Stefan feel a little uncomfortable.
This made Yanni angry but there was not much he could do about it.
This made Yanni so mad.
This made Ziri and Rima closer.
This made Ziri lose his composure.
This made Ziri on edge.
This made Ziri so sick.
This made Ziri very sick.
This made Ziri's heart pound.
This made a big transformation in Ziri's life.
This made her jealous.
This made him look bad.
This made many people angry.
This made me a bit dubious, I must confess.
This made me cry.
This made me flinch.
This made me interested in how some international proper names are written in Japanese.
This made me laugh so hard.
This made me sad.
This made me smile to myself.
This made me smile. Have a like.
This made me think of you.
This made me upset.
This made me very sad.
This made my anxiety worse.
This made my eyes water.
This made my stomach churn.
This made no sense to Tom.
This made the class erupt in laughter.
This made the fever disappear.
This made the students like the teacher even more.
This madman broke the window.
This magazine carries much news of importance.
This magazine circulates widely.
This magazine comes out every month.
This magazine has a picture of the Queen.
This magazine has a picture of the queen.
This magazine helps me to keep up with what's happening in the world.
This magazine helps me to keep up with what’s happening in the world.
This magazine is an information bulletin for democrats.
This magazine is available in any big city in Japan.
This magazine is issued every month.
This magazine is out fortnightly on Wednesdays.
This magazine is published bimonthly, and that one is published quarterly.
This magazine is thick and heavy.
This magazine is widely read.
This magazine sells well.
This magazine's release day is every two weeks on Wednesday.
This magazine's release day is on Wednesday every two weeks.
This magic crystal will help eliminate negative vibrations.
This magical moment lasted about 30 seconds.
This magician uses a wand.
This magnet is very powerful.
This magnificent cathedral dates back to the Middle Ages.
This magnificent electric kettle is on sale at only €29.96.
This magnifying glass magnifies objects by 200 times.
This mail will be delivered tomorrow.
This majestic mountain range in the heart of south Asia is crowned with snowcapped peaks and draped with vast glaciers.
This makes Damiano feel peaceful.
This makes Mennad feel all-American.
This makes Ziri sad but there is nothing he can do.
This makes a lot of sense.
This makes a ton of sense.
This makes absolutely no sense.
This makes breathing easier.
This makes good human relations.
This makes her angry.
This makes it hard to remember that the source of images and other media should be acknowledged in digital scholarship, and that means developing the habit of capturing relevant information as you go.
This makes it harder for the Algerian government to provide relief packages.
This makes it official.
This makes it sound amazing.
This makes me a bit sad.
This makes me angry.
This makes me curious.
This makes me feel a lot better.
This makes me feel dirty.
This makes me feel good.
This makes me feel old.
This makes me feel sad.
This makes me feel safe.
This makes me happy.
This makes me hopeful.
This makes me laugh to death!
This makes me mad.
This makes me nervous.
This makes me question our future.
This makes me remember you.
This makes me sad.
This makes me seriously question reality.
This makes me sick.
This makes me smile to death!
This makes me so angry!
This makes me so angry.
This makes me so mad.
This makes me so sad.
This makes me think of you.
This makes me uncomfortable.
This makes me very angry.
This makes me very happy.
This makes me very uncomfortable.
This makes me want to throw up.
This makes me wish I lived in Boston.
This makes my blood boil.
This makes my skin crawl.
This makes my work a lot more fun.
This makes no sense to me.
This makes no sense.
This makes oil and gas the backbone of Algeria's economy.
This makes sense to me.
This makes sense.
This makes the situation worse.
This makes the so called activists participate?
This makes things interesting.
This makes us stronger.
This makes us winners.
This makes you feel like a teenager again.
This makes you feel old, doesn't it?
This male giraffe is the head bull of the herd.
This mall is so big that I can't find the exit.
This man I forbid any one to receive or address.
This man and his wife help each other.
This man asked for more.
This man brushes his teeth.
This man changed the course of history.
This man craves variety.
This man discerns well.
This man does not trust them.
This man gets angry often.
This man had offered me marriage on condition that I could get a divorce from my husband.
This man had thick, black whiskers, while the man who had employed him had none at all, so far as he could remember.
This man has a horse.
This man has a shoulder injury.
This man has a very strong temper.
This man has become insane.
This man has been blind for five years at least.
This man has gone mad.
This man has greeted me, but I do not know him.
This man has lost his mind.
This man has neither a family nor a house. So he wanders all the day long in the streets.
This man has no feelings.
This man has no sense of humor.
This man has stolen my wallet.
This man has well-developed calves.
This man is Chinese.
This man is Dr. Jackson's patient.
This man is Kenyan.
This man is Pedro.
This man is Tom's patient.
This man is Uzbek.
This man is a doctor.
This man is a good man, if he doesn't do you good, he won't do you harm.
This man is a legend.
This man is a linguist. It's natural that he know.
This man is a luminary.
This man is a medical doctor.
This man is a merchant.
This man is a patient of Dr. Jackson's.
This man is a patient of Tom.
This man is a police officer in the crime squad, not a criminal.
This man is a real freak!
This man is a spy; he must die.
This man is alive.
This man is as big as an elephant.
This man is awful.
This man is bad.
This man is brushing his teeth.
This man is certifiable.
This man is dead.
This man is deaf.
This man is drunk.
This man is evil.
This man is full of grace and truth.
This man is good looking.
This man is happy.
This man is harassing me.
This man is incompetent.
This man is like a filthy electronic without a battery.
This man is my brother, and I will pay for him.
This man is my direct boss.
This man is my immediate superior.
This man is my teacher.
This man is no uncle of ours, but an ogre.
This man is not my husband.
This man is not reliable.
This man is not the real Gabriel.
This man is quite adept at telling lies.
This man is really stupid.
This man is red-haired like a fox, white-skinned like a town-wench, and he will soon be as bearded as a he-goat.
This man is satisfied with his lot.
This man is strong.
This man is the one of you, Layla.
This man is the victor.
This man is very awful.
This man is very generous.
This man is very humble.
This man is very rude.
This man is very tall.
This man is very, very old.
This man is well known in his country.
This man is young.
This man is your friend, remember?
This man is your friend, right?
This man is your friend.
This man isn't my husband.
This man isn't wearing anything.
This man isn’t young. He is old.
This man keeps talking nonsense.
This man killed my brother.
This man killed several people when he tried to rob a bank.
This man lacks courage.
This man laughs a lot.
This man loved you because of your money.
This man loved you for your wealth.
This man loves my sister.
This man only has to open his mouth for you to see that he lacks education.
This man owns horses.
This man really has tried to convince me that he rode a rhino at the zoo.
This man remarried because his first wife fell ill.
This man remarried for the second time because his first wife fell ill.
This man ruled the country for more than 50 years.
This man wants to fight.
This man was an important part of your life. You need to go to his funeral.
This man was asking for more.
This man was becoming impossible.
This man was charged with theft.
This man was looking for shelter from the rain.
This man who has an umbrella is Ken.
This man won the lottery!
This man's behaviour is mysterious and suspect.
This man's ramblings are the furthest from the truth I've ever heard!
This man's shouting at me!
This man's wealth is big, but his madness is even bigger.
This man, what's his name?
This maneuver was improvised.
This manga is pretty popular in China.
This mango is delicious.
This mango is sweet.
This mango tree provides quite a bit of shade.
This maniac is capable of anything!
This maniac is capable of anything.
This mansion was designed and built by an Algerian architect.
This manual is only available electronically. There is no printed version.
This manual is written in double Dutch.
This manuscript is illegible.
This man’s ramblings are the furthest from the truth I’ve ever heard!
This man’s shouting at me!
This map is a pirate map.
This map is color-coded by zoning district.
This map is drawn to a scale of 1:300,000.
This map is full of chokepoints.
This map is worthless.
This map will be useful to you.
This map will seem very useful to you.
This marine conservation area is home to many rare and endangered species such as the green sea turtle and the Hawaiian monk seal.
This market attracts clients from all over Algeria.
This market sells very cheap clothes.
This marmalade is really good.
This marmalade is very good.
This marmoset monkey can play the piano.
This marriage is canceled.
This marriage is over.
This marriage will be advantageous to his career.
This marshmallow is perfect.
This mask completely seals your face.
This mask has a good dust filter.
This mask is too hot.
This match is NID, not even gonna watch it.
This match is a foregone conclusion. I'm not even going to watch it.
This material absorbs CO2.
This material combusts easily.
This material has a rough texture.
This material has no give.
This material has remarkable flexibility!
This material is cheaper.
This material is completely impervious to water.
This material is not suitable for a dress.
This material is ruined.
This material is very durable.
This material isn't elastic enough.
This material isn't suitable for a dress.
This material isn't suited towards making western clothing.
This material isn’t suited towards making western clothing.
This material lacks elasticity.
This material never wears out.
This material seems to change color when the light strikes it.
This material stretches easily.
This material will stand up to lots of washings.
This material will wear very well.
This math problem beats me.
This math problem is unsolvable no matter which approach you use.
This math problem isn't easy for me to solve.
This math teacher is also the coach of the basketball team.
This matter does not concern me.
This matter does not stop, does not end.
This matter doesn't concern you.
This matter had best be left unmentioned.
This matter is closed.
This matter is currently under investigation.
This matter is extremely important to us.
This matter is interesting to me.
This matter is of great importance.
This matter is of great interest to us.
This matter is of incredible urgency!
This matter is settled.
This matter is too serious.
This matter is very important.
This matter is very urgent.
This matter isn't something we should be discussing here in public.
This matter must be clarified.
This matter must be dealt with sooner or later.
This matter must be investigated and nothing must be glossed over.
This matter must not be trifled with.
This matter requires careful thought.
This matter will likely be brought up at the next meeting.
This matters a lot to Algeria.
This may also be a coincidence.
This may also be evidence.
This may be Tom's first time speaking so candidly.
This may be a case of the student surpassing the teacher.
This may be a fake.
This may be a good role for him.
This may be a matter of life and death.
This may be a mere coincidence.
This may be a silly question, but which is stronger - a tiger or a lion?
This may be a solution to the problem.
This may be a trap.
This may be an exception.
This may be because of a change in people's attitude toward marriage and the sharp increase of fast food restaurants and convenience stores which are open 24 hours a day and enable young people to live more easily.
This may be because of a change in people’s attitude toward marriage and the sharp increase of fast food restaurants and convenience stores which are open 24 hours a day and enable young people to live more easily.
This may be because they could not use the earth's magnetic field.
This may be because they could not use the earth’s magnetic field.
This may be correct.
This may be detected, according to G. Heppe, by slowly heating the oil in a dry test-tube with a small piece of copper butyrate to about 338° F., taking care that the temperature does not exceed 356° F.
This may be hopeless.
This may be incorrect.
This may be iridium.
This may be of use to you.
This may be of use.
This may be our last chance to do this.
This may be our last conversation.
This may be our last meeting.
This may be our only chance to do that.
This may be our only chance to figure out what happened.
This may be our only chance to help Tom.
This may be our only chance to talk to Tom.
This may be our only chance.
This may be out of my depth.
This may be pilaf, but it's completely flavorless.
This may be pulao, but it's completely flavourless.
This may be quite an eye-opener.
This may be relevant.
This may be research my secretary did.
This may be the last time that you and I talk to each other.
This may be the very last thing I do for you.
This may be unsettling to some of you, but it's important that we set things clear.
This may be useful.
This may be wrong.
This may be your last chance to buy one of these.
This may be your last chance to do that.
This may be your last chance to see Tom.
This may be your last chance.
This may beat the Dutch.
This may change next year.
This may come in handy.
This may contribute to the rising incidence of HIV in the over-50 age group.
This may determine the fate of the Berber language.
This may end badly.
This may end up being somebody else's problem.
This may get you fired.
This may have a solution.
This may have been part of the problem.
This may have lethal consequences.
This may help you.
This may hurt a bit.
This may hurt a little.
This may include doing laundry.
This may just be what we were looking for.
This may just come in handy someday.
This may not be a good idea.
This may not be a real diamond.
This may not be a very good idea.
This may not be coincidental.
This may not be correct.
This may not be enough.
This may not be iridium.
This may not be mine.
This may not be necessary.
This may not be possible.
This may not be right.
This may not be such a good idea.
This may not be the best solution, but it'll work.
This may not be true.
This may not even be legal.
This may not go as smoothly as you hope, Tom.
This may not solve our problem.
This may not sound serious.
This may not suit your taste.
This may not work for you.
This may prove to be an advantage after all.
This may seem nearly impossible, but it's actually very simple.
This may soon change.
This may sound corny, but love is the answer.
This may sound crazy, but I think I want to go back and do it again.
This may sound like blowing my own horn, but ...
This may sound silly, but it's true.
This may sound too good to be true.
This may suit you.
This may surprise you.
This may take a minute.
This may take a while.
This may take me a while.
This may take more than a year.
This may take more time than we expected.
This may take some time.
This may turn out to be an advantage after all.
This mayonnaise is flavoured with rosemary.
This mayor doesn't defend the citizens' interests.
This maze is very hard to get out of.
This meadow abounds in frogs.
This meal fills me up.
This meal is adequate for three.
This meal is adequate for two.
This meal is delicious and cheap.
This meal is delicious.
This meal is enough for three people.
This meal is enough for three.
This meal is enough for two.
This meal is healthy, delicious and cheap.
This meal is prepared once a year.
This meal is starting to turn bad.
This meal never cut the mustard.
This meal was prepared by our chef.
This meal would be enough for three.
This means a great deal to me.
This means a lot to me.
This means a lot to you, doesn't it?
This means nil.
This means nothing to me.
This means something.
This means that eating dumplings on New Year's eve is a symbol of family reunion.
This means that eating dumplings on New Year’s eve is a symbol of family reunion.
This means that houses are starting to sink, roads are breaking up and lamp-posts are leaning at crazy angles.
This means that if you try to protect yourself too much, you will only make bigger mistakes.
This means that others can only come to know you and like you by listening to what you say.
This means that our perception of any situation depends only partly on sensory signals being received at that time.
This means that the area code must be dialed, even for local calls.
This means that there are twice as many chopstick- and finger-users as fork-users.
This means that you will never see a biography about me.
This means they're afraid.
This means victory.
This means war!
This means we could lose the war.
This means you can reuse them freely for a textbook, for an application, for a research project, for anything!
This meant Florida had to count the votes again.
This meant a lot to me.
This meant they were too weak to cause more trouble.
This measure is in accord with our policy.
This measure was personally approved by President Tebboune.
This meat can be preserved long.
This meat can't be stored for a long time.
This meat cuts easily.
This meat has a bad smell.
This meat has gone bad.
This meat is chicken.
This meat is delicious.
This meat is good.
This meat is kosher.
This meat is marinated.
This meat is no longer fit to eat.
This meat is overcooked.
This meat is overdone.
This meat is produced in Algeria.
This meat is raw.
This meat is really tender.
This meat is roasted well.
This meat is tender.
This meat is tough.
This meat is undercooked and unpalatable.
This meat is undercooked.
This meat isn't overdone.
This meat kind of tastes like chicken.
This meat looks good.
This meat smelled awful.
This meat smells bad.
This meat stays good in cold weather.
This meat was very expensive.
This meatloaf is amazing. How did you make it?
This media environment makes it important for us to be able to recognize reliable information. True information gives us the facts to guide our decisions and actions.
This medical procedure is going well.
This medical professor says his team found that within hours of donation, banked blood begins to lose nitric oxide, a gas that is crucial for the delivery of oxygen to tissues.
This medication can cure him.
This medication causes sleepiness.
This medication could knock out a horse.
This medication influences the amount of serotonin in the brain.
This medication is only available through prescription.
This medication is ruining Yanni's life.
This medication is ruining my life.
This medication must be taken with a prescription from a doctor.
This medication reduces the activity of the immune system.
This medication relaxed the patient.
This medication works instantly.
This medicine brings fever down fast.
This medicine cured me of my cold.
This medicine does not agree with me.
This medicine does not have side effects.
This medicine doesn't have any harmful side effects.
This medicine doesn't have any side effects.
This medicine doesn't have side effects.
This medicine doesn't help.
This medicine doesn't taste very good.
This medicine eases pain.
This medicine has a strong effect.
This medicine has a terrible flavor.
This medicine has few side effects.
This medicine has no harmful side effects.
This medicine has no harmful side-effects.
This medicine has no side effects.
This medicine has to be prescribed by a doctor; the chemist can't dispense it otherwise.
This medicine helped the ewe a lot.
This medicine helps relieve muscle pain.
This medicine is a natural poison.
This medicine is a poison by nature.
This medicine is fast-acting.
This medicine is free from harmful effects.
This medicine is going to make you well.
This medicine is good for a cold.
This medicine is good for colds.
This medicine is good for headaches.
This medicine is known for its miraculous healing powers.
This medicine is no protection against influenza.
This medicine is not a poison in itself.
This medicine is not effective against the flu.
This medicine is not sold yet in pharmacies.
This medicine is odourless and doesn't taste of anything.
This medicine is still not sold in pharmacies.
This medicine is to be taken on an empty stomach.
This medicine is very effective.
This medicine isn't helping.
This medicine may aid his recovery.
This medicine may cure him.
This medicine must be taken three times a day.
This medicine must not be placed within the reach of children.
This medicine only works for men.
This medicine renews your strength.
This medicine seems to help.
This medicine should be taken every three hours.
This medicine should help a little.
This medicine should help you get well.
This medicine should help you stop coughing.
This medicine should help.
This medicine should make you feel better.
This medicine tastes awful.
This medicine tastes bitter.
This medicine tastes horrible.
This medicine tastes terrible.
This medicine will allay the pain.
This medicine will alleviate the pain.
This medicine will assuage the pain.
This medicine will clear up your cold.
This medicine will cure you of that disease.
This medicine will cure you of your cold.
This medicine will cure you of your skin disease.
This medicine will cure you of your stomach-ache.
This medicine will cure your cold.
This medicine will cure your headache immediately.
This medicine will decrease your pain.
This medicine will do good to you.
This medicine will do wonders for a runny nose.
This medicine will do wonders for a stuffed nose.
This medicine will do you a good deal of good.
This medicine will do you good or harm, as the case may be.
This medicine will do you good!
This medicine will do you good.
This medicine will ease the pain.
This medicine will ease your cramps.
This medicine will ensure you a good night's sleep.
This medicine will ensure you a good night’s sleep.
This medicine will give you some relief.
This medicine will help you get better.
This medicine will help you.
This medicine will increase the survival rate of the patients.
This medicine will make you feel better.
This medicine will make you feel much better.
This medicine will make you sleepy.
This medicine will reduce the pain.
This medicine will relieve the pain.
This medicine will relieve your headache.
This medicine will soothe the pain.
This medicine will soothe your headache.
This medicine will take care of your headache.
This medicine will take the pain away.
This medicine's not helping.
This medicine, properly used, will do you a lot of good.
This medlar cheese tastes figgy.
This medlar is really hard.
This medlar tree is very young.
This meet was made in Algeria.
This meet was produced in Algeria.
This meeting could have been an email.
This meeting is a waste of time. Everybody is just talking in vague theoretical terms.
This meeting is boring.
This meeting isn't over.
This meeting room has three doors.
This meeting room is not big enough for twenty workers.
This meeting room is small.
This meeting room needs to be repainted.
This megalithic tomb dates from between 3000BC and 4000BC.
This megaphone doesn't work.
This megaproject will reduce economic opportunity in this area.
This melody is familiar to many Japanese.
This melody is known to many Japanese people.
This melody is known to many Japanese.
This melody is very catchy.
This melody is very pleasing to my ears. Please continue.
This melody reminds me of my school days.
This melon sounds hollow. Maybe that's why it was so cheap.
This melon sounds hollow. Maybe that’s why it was so cheap.
This melon will be good to eat tomorrow.
This meme has really been making the rounds among the Twitterati.
This memorandum is not intended to, and does not, create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by a party against the United States, its departments, agencies, or entities, its officers, employees, or agents, or any other person.
This memorandum shall be published in the Federal Register.
This memorial is built as a tribute to the Algerians who fought and died in the war of independence against the French.
This memory weighs, as a nightmare would, on my soul.
This mental trap finally closed in on him.
This merchandise is tax free.
This merchandise isn't sold in Japan.
This merchandise sells well.
This merchandise will be on its way to São Paulo, and from there, to Beijing.
This message cannot be answered.
This message definitely feels like something to rally around.
This message doesn't make sense.
This message doesn’t make sense.
This message is credible.
This message is false.
This message is for Tom.
This message is for her.
This message is for him.
This message is for them.
This message is for those cocksuckers.
This message is for you.
This message turned out to be a little hard for me to write.
This message was brought to you by the Kremlin.
This message was sponsored by the CIA.
This message will explode in three seconds.
This message will self-destruct in five seconds.
This messenger was called Eudromus, which signifies "the runner," and indeed his employment consisted in running wheresoever he was ordered.
This metal absolutely must be tempered.
This metal burnishes well.
This metal has just been tempered.
This metal is bronze.
This metal is called zinc.
This metal is comparable to iron in strength.
This metal is free of rust.
This metal is good.
This metal is really difficult to weld.
This metal is solid.
This meteorite was found in the Sahara Desert.
This method can help you save time.
This method doesn't always work.
This method has its advantages and disadvantages.
This method has its advantages.
This method has its pluses and minuses.
This method has its plusses and minuses.
This method has its pros and cons.
This method has no application to the case.
This method has proven useful.
This method has worked before.
This method is based on the most important scientific studies.
This method is instructed nowhere else.
This method is more successful.
This method is of wide application.
This method is slow but sure.
This method is sure to work.
This method is very simple.
This method makes it possible to measure the distance between two trees with outstanding precision.
This method returns a string.
This method takes an integer and returns a string.
This method used to work for me.
This method worked for me.
This method works every time.
This metro is too crowded.
This metro station is closed today.
This microbus takes 25 passengers.
This microphone doesn't seem to be working.
This microphone isn't working.
This microscope has a 100X magnification.
This microscope magnifies objects by 100 times.
This might affect our budget for the month.
This might all be a sham.
This might apply to Algeria.
This might be Tom's desk.
This might be Tom's handwriting.
This might be Tom's umbrella.
This might be a good time to visit Tom.
This might be a good time.
This might be a good way to do it.
This might be a mistake.
This might be a trivial thing for you, but it's a very important thing for me.
This might be all a sham.
This might be cocaine.
This might be it.
This might be just what we need.
This might be more difficult than I imagined.
This might be my bicycle.
This might be our last chance to do that.
This might be our last chance.
This might be our last voyage.
This might be our only chance to do that.
This might be over soon.
This might be real, or it might not.
This might be said to a domestic animal.
This might be so.
This might be some kind of dangerous trap.
This might be something we can use.
This might be the last time I'll ever get to set foot here.
This might be the last time we ever see each other.
This might be the last time you and I ever see each other.
This might be the way out.
This might be the way.
This might be useful to you.
This might be worth a look.
This might be your own fault.
This might be your problem.
This might be yours.
This might come in handy one day.
This might come in handy someday.
This might come in handy.
This might do.
This might get ugly.
This might happen.
This might have catastrophic consequences.
This might have its advantages.
This might have worked out for Tom if it hadn't been for the tiger.
This might help.
This might hurt a little bit.
This might hurt a little.
This might hurt.
This might interest Tom.
This might interest you.
This might just be what we need.
This might just work.
This might lead us to believe that a simple culture would make use of a simple language, that a complex culture would make use of a complex language, and so on.
This might not be a genuine diamond.
This might not be a good idea.
This might not be a very good idea.
This might not be enough.
This might not be illegal, but it's unethical.
This might not be such a good idea.
This might not be the right time.
This might not have anything to do with our problem.
This might not have anything to do with the problem at hand.
This might prove to be an advantage.
This might prove to be useful.
This might prove useful.
This might ruffle some feathers.
This might seem counter-intuitive.
This might seem insurmountable.
This might seem obvious, but it's important.
This might sound presumptuous of me, as it has only been about one week since I started studying Russian, but I aim to speak Russian as well as a native.
This might sound strange, but he has suddenly disappeared.
This might surprise you.
This might take a few minutes.
This might take a little work.
This might take a lot more time than we expected.
This might take a while.
This might turn out to be an advantage.
This might work, but it might not.
This might work.
This military operation is executed by the SHAEF army.
This milk actually tastes like milk is supposed to taste.
This milk actually tastes like milk.
This milk comes from their farm.
This milk has a peculiar smell.
This milk has a peculiar taste.
This milk has a specific smell.
This milk has a strange taste.
This milk has gone bad.
This milk has gone bad. Pour it down the drain.
This milk is free from germs.
This milk is from Ziri's cows.
This milk is germ-free.
This milk is sour.
This milk is sweet as if it was sweetened.
This milk isn't warm.
This milk seems to have been sweetened.
This milk smells bad.
This milk smells funny.
This milk tastes bad.
This milk tastes better than what I usually drink.
This milk tastes funny.
This milk tastes good.
This milk tastes odd.
This milk tastes rather sour.
This milk tastes sour.
This milk tastes sweet as if sugar was added to it.
This milk tastes terrible.
This milk will keep for two days.
This milk won't keep till tomorrow.
This milk won’t keep till tomorrow.
This milk's expiration date has come and gone!
This mill is still in use.
This mine is 500 meters deep.
This mine will close down next month.
This mine will close next month.
This mini-game is so good, it should get a standalone version.
This mini-game is terrible and because of it, I can't progress in this game.
This minibus can take twenty-five passengers.
This minibus has room for twenty-five passengers.
This minibus holds 25 persons.
This minibus holds twenty-five passengers.
This minibus seats twenty-five passengers.
This minivan is not for sale.
This mink cost $3,000.
This mint produced well-struck and perfectly round gold and silver coins.
This mirror is haunted.
This miserable old church is the oldest building in our country.
This miserable weather has ruined our whole holiday.
This misery is more than I can bear.
This misery resulted from his laziness.
This miso soup is too hot to drink.
This missile is a mobile weapon which can be moved rapidly from one place to another.
This mission entails huge risks.
This mission exemplifies our nation’s quest to boldly go and study our solar system and beyond to better understand the universe and our place in it.
This mission is highly secret and extremely dangerous.
This mission, known as Transporter 3, is part of SpaceX’s rideshare program which in two previous outings has put over 220 small satellites into orbit.
This mistake cost me a leg.
This mistake is due to his carelessness.
This mistake is neither mine nor yours.
This mistake is not because of me.
This mistake will definitely come back to bite you later.
This mistake won't be made again.
This mixed-use property is perfect for our new restaurant.
This mobile battery is flat.
This mobile is really expensive.
This mobile phone has a fingerprint reader.
This mobile phone is really expensive.
This mobile uses the latest technology.
This mod will let you play the game at 60 FPS.
This model can be combined with any color.
This model is difficult to sell.
This model is known for her flexibility.
This model retails for $550.
This modern building is ugly.
This modern machine dispenses with much hard labor.
This modern-looking building at 1 Heydar Aliyev Avenue in Baku, Azerbaijan, was built by Zaha Hadid.
This modern-looking building in Baku was built by Zaha Hadid.
This moisturising cream is super cost effective. I still have some left even after half a year of use, and it doesn't even cost 1000 yen, isn't that amazing?
This molecular structure is unlike anything I've ever seen.
This molecule has a crystalline structure.
This moment should never end.
This moment will be recorded in history.
This moment will nap, you will have a dream; But this moment study,you will interpret a dream.
This money goes for food.
This money is due to you.
This money is for a rainy day.
This money is just to help you get by.
This money is mine.
This money is really going to help.
This money is to buy food.
This money isn't enough.
This money isn't mine anymore. I don't want you to return it.
This money isn't mine.
This money needs to last us until the end of the month.
This money will allow me to buy a car.
This money will go into Algeria's national treasury.
This money will really help.
This money won't be enough for the whole month.
This monitor has a much larger resolution than my old one.
This monitor is an LCD, that is to say, it has a liquid crystal display.
This monkey plays a part in a monkey show in Ryogoku.
This monkey wants a banana.
This month has 31 days.
This month is already half over.
This month really flew by without me doing anything at all.
This month was kind of difficult.
This month went by very quickly.
This month's poetry slam was won by a poet named Tom Jackson.
This month's salary was 200,000 yen.
This month, Austria’s Greens joined the governing coalition in Vienna, led by the right-wing conservative People’s Party, a coupling that would have been unthinkable a few years ago.
This month, I'm low on money.
This month, many Italians started pulling off mesh and plastic covers from their lemon trees, no longer worried that they need insulation from frost.
This monument is closed to visitors.
This monument is dedicated to the soldiers who gave their lives to their country.
This monument is in memory of a great statesman.
This monument is more than one hundred years old.
This monument was erected in February, 1985.
This moon was ripped apart by tidal forces.
This morning I am going to go to school.
This morning I ate french fries with sour cream.
This morning I found myself wrapped in a cocoon of blankets.
This morning I got a telegram from home saying that my father had been suddenly taken ill.
This morning I got up an hour earlier than usual.
This morning I got up at four so as to be in time for the first train.
This morning I got up earlier than usual.
This morning I got up later than usual.
This morning I got up too late to have breakfast.
This morning I had a bit of a disagreement with my wife. I didn't think it was a big deal, but seeing what she's like this evening I think I must have upset her.
This morning I had a bit of a disagreement with my wife. I didn’t think it was a big deal, but seeing what she’s like this evening I think I must have upset her.
This morning I had a pain in my left eye, but it is less painful now.
This morning I had coffee instead of tea.
This morning I have an appointment.
This morning I have solved the problem, but maybe there are still further problems.
This morning I made my sister clean the pink room.
This morning I missed the 8:30 train by five minutes.
This morning I missed the train I usually take.
This morning I picked up a copy of Rudin for my real analysis class.
This morning I put rum in my cereal.
This morning I read a very interesting article about the Berber language.
This morning I saw Tom and Mary in the park.
This morning I spoke with the federation president.
This morning I thought about the meaning of life again...and came up with nothing.
This morning I took your car to go for a newspaper, and when I came back to the parking lot to go home, some flowers were attached to the door handle.
This morning I tried to tie up an overfilled garbage bag and it ripped open, causing a huge mess.
This morning I was still sleepy.
This morning I was up very early.
This morning I went to my harp class.
This morning I went to the airport in order to see my cousin off.
This morning I woke up brisk though I went to bed late yesterday.
This morning I work.
This morning I worked hard studying Turkish.
This morning Tom had vegetable soup.
This morning Tom said his sister was still sick in bed.
This morning Tom said that his sister is still ill in bed.
This morning Tom said that his sister is still in bed.
This morning Tom said that his sister was still ill in bed.
This morning as I did not have any money with me, I could not buy my raisin bread, and this evening, even though I had taken money in the meantime, there was no raisin bread left at the bakery.
This morning at the station, her attention was caught by a poster with bold letters.
This morning he behaved normally.
This morning he committed suicide with a gun.
This morning he said that he is leaving for Nara tomorrow.
This morning he said that he would be leaving for Nara tomorrow.
This morning is very cool, right?
This morning it cleared up.
This morning it snowed, and now it's raining.
This morning it was -12℃, and after three hours it is still -12℃. Luckily the wind has abated, but it is body-numbingly cold, and all of the streets are deserted.
This morning it was less than three degrees below zero.
This morning it was much cooler than yesterday morning.
This morning it was raining when I took the bus.
This morning it was very cold.
This morning more mysterious seems the sea than yesterday when, with reverberant roar, it charged upon the beaches, and the sky above it shimmered cloudless.
This morning of the 14th of June of 2025, here on Lulu Island, is quite cloudy and chilly for a near-summer morning. I walked to Tim Hortons café at about 5 o'clock. There, I enjoyed an iced coffee with oat milk and scrambled eggs with sausage bits and potatoes. Yesterday was probably my 42nd visit this year to the St. Albans Road's Roman Catholic church, which I call "Clam Temple" because of its shape. "42" is jokingly famous for some people: In The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams, the number 42 is the answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything, as the supercomputer Deep Thought calculated after 7.5 million years. Yesterday, at the café, Michael from Guǎngzhōu was wearing a black Louis Vuitton shirt with an orange-coloured blossom insignia thereon and grey jogging pants. I was wearing a hooded red, grey, and black cardigan over a military green mesh net vest over a red T-shirt, as well as a green touque, green striped Indian pyjama pants, and mauve garden clogs. We talked about lots of things, including that "socialism" might have a big comeback because of the effects of Artificial Intelligence and robotics in the future. These things could also affect warfare, we were thinking.
This morning started out like any other.
This morning the first thing he said was, 'Where does the dark go, Anne? I want to know.' I told him it went around to the other side of the world but after breakfast he declared it didn't . . . that it went down the well. Marilla says she caught him hanging over the well-box four times today, trying to reach down to the dark.
This morning the sun appeared for a few hours, perhaps to assure us that it is still there.
This morning the teacher got very angry with me.
This morning the telephone woke me up.
This morning the train was so crowded that I couldn't find a vacant seat and had to stand the whole way.
This morning the train was so crowded that I couldn’t find a vacant seat and had to stand the whole way.
This morning the weather is cloudy.
This morning the weather is dreadful.
This morning the weather is frightful.
This morning the weather was so bad that I had to take a taxi.
This morning there was a thick layer of frost.
This morning was foggy.
This morning was much cooler than yesterday morning.
This morning was tough because of my hangover.
This morning was tough.
This morning we ran into heavy traffic on the motorway.
This morning we went for a lovely stroll around this part of the mountain.
This morning when I left the asylum I felt so ashamed because I had to wear this horrid old wincey dress. All the orphans had to wear them, you know.
This morning's low temperature was -1 degree. The temperature will only go up to 7 degrees during the day. Please dress warmly when you go out.
This morning's meeting was boring.
This morning's meeting was interesting.
This morning's meeting was longer than I expected it to be.
This morning's meeting was longer than usual.
This morning's meeting was more interesting than I expected it to be.
This morning's meeting was short.
This morning's meeting was shorter than I expected it to be.
This morning's meeting was shorter than usual.
This morning's meeting wasn't very long.
This morning, I bicycled to work.
This morning, I coughed a lot.
This morning, I gave her a ride into town.
This morning, I heard the great news of the new arrival in your family.
This morning, I left for school without washing my face.
This morning, I left my house without eating.
This morning, I met Tom.
This morning, I ran into Tom at the market.
This morning, I saw an angel.
This morning, I saw at a glance that he was fancily dressed.
This morning, I was very lazy and didn't go out.
This morning, I was woken up by a phone call.
This morning, I was woken up by the telephone.
This morning, I went to a fish selling counter and the flying fish was very fresh and also on sale.
This morning, I woke up yet again to the sound of crying children.
This morning, Mr Yamaha bought 30 kilos of walnuts wholesale.
This morning, Tatoeba isn't working very well.
This morning, Tom arrived later than usual.
This morning, Tom came to ask for my daughter's hand in marriage.
This morning, he's in a great mood.
This morning, just after six, an accident occurred inside a tunnel when a large truck collided head-on with a light automobile.
This morning, my friend and I went to buy airline tickets.
This morning, my friends ate the fruits that my little sister had bought.
This morning, the polls opened all across the country.
This morning, the world is grey and drab.
This morning, we got into heavy traffic on the motorway.
This morning, we harvested peppers, tomatoes and cabbage.
This morning, when I went to look at my flowers, surrounded by their white fence, which protects them against the good cattle grazing in the field beyond, I saw again in my mind all that blossoms in the woods, the fields, the gardens, the orangeries and the green-houses, and I thought of all that we owe to the world of marvels which the bees visit.
This mosque doesn't have AC.
This mosque doesn't have air conditioning.
This mosque has a huge parking lot.
This mosque has a huge prayer hall.
This mosque has been around for a long time.
This mosque has room for four thousand worshippers.
This mosque has security cameras.
This mosque has six minarets and cascading domes.
This mosque has two floors.
This mosque is a big part of our lives.
This mosque is awesome.
This mosque is nearing four hundred years.
This mosque is one of the city's most famous sites.
This mosque is one of the oldest in Algeria.
This mosque is so beautiful.
This mosque is very close to his house.
This mosque isn't far from my office.
This mosque needs a new imam.
This most recent Canadian data have not been widely published or peer reviewed, but researchers released the information early to make it available globally as soon as possible.
This motel has a swimming pool.
This motion picture is protected under the copyright laws of the United States and other countries throughout the world.
This motion produces waves of changing pressure – sound waves – that interact, ultimately driving stable oscillations with periods of a few minutes that produce subtle brightness changes.
This motorway has a hard shoulder.
This motorway saves us a lot of time.
This mountain cannot be climbed from this side.
This mountain has an altitude of 3,000 meters.
This mountain is 3000 meters tall.
This mountain is among the highest in the world.
This mountain is composed of molasse, which is partly covered by moraine material.
This mountain is covered in snow all year round.
This mountain is covered in snow all-year-round.
This mountain is covered in snow year round.
This mountain is covered with snow all year long.
This mountain is covered with snow all year round.
This mountain is difficult to climb.
This mountain is full of caves.
This mountain is low.
This mountain is snow-covered the entire year.
This mountain is three thousand meters high.
This mountain isn't a lofty one.
This mountain isn't very tall.
This mountain pass is a death trap.
This mountain path ascends to the beautiful lake.
This mountain scenery is very beautiful.
This mountain's summit is three thousand meters above sea level.
This mouse has stopped working.
This mouse has suddenly stopped working.
This mouse suddenly doesn't work.
This mouse suddenly quit working.
This mouse suddenly stopped working.
This mouse was killed by my cat.
This mousepad is a vestige of a bygone era.
This move is like a story that never ends!
This movement from rural to urban areas has been going on for over two hundred years.
This movement had a great impact on the behavior of women.
This movement has not yet achieved all its goals, but it has already had considerable impact in many areas of male-female relations.
This movement is like a forum or platform from which feminists speak out on women's issues.
This movement is like a forum or platform from which feminists speak out on women’s issues.
This movie about sea monsters is scary.
This movie brought tears to my eyes.
This movie causes all viewers to reflect deeply.
This movie doesn't have French subtitles.
This movie doesn't have pomp or elements of spectacle, but for some reason I can watch it merely because of the scenery and sounds.
This movie explores the possibilities.
This movie follows the book's plot exactly.
This movie has French subtitles.
This movie has a happy ending.
This movie has a lot of atmosphere.
This movie has a lot of bloopers.
This movie has a predictable plot.
This movie has a sad ending.
This movie has way too many flashback scenes.
This movie has won great popularity.
This movie is a masterpiece.
This movie is a must!
This movie is a reboot of the franchise.
This movie is a tour de force.
This movie is about Tom Jackson.
This movie is about a poor girl who gets mistaken for the daughter of a rich man in the confusion following a train crash.
This movie is about a squirrel who gains human-like intelligence.
This movie is adults only.
This movie is almost three hours long.
This movie is an unwatchable, cringeworthy piece of shit.
This movie is appropriate for all ages.
This movie is as long as that movie.
This movie is based on a book by Tom Jackson.
This movie is based on a novel.
This movie is based on a play by Tom Jackson.
This movie is based on a true story.
This movie is based on something that really happened.
This movie is boring.
This movie is depressing.
This movie is distracting.
This movie is divided into six chapters, and it even has a prologue before the title screen.
This movie is exciting.
This movie is family-friendly.
This movie is for adults only.
This movie is for adults, and not for children.
This movie is for adults, not for children.
This movie is frightening to the children.
This movie is fun.
This movie is highly controversial.
This movie is highly recommended.
This movie is horrible.
This movie is inappropriate for children under the age of 12.
This movie is inappropriate for children under the age of 16.
This movie is incredibly stupid.
This movie is indeed a timeless masterpiece.
This movie is interesting.
This movie is just great.
This movie is long.
This movie is more than well worth watching.
This movie is not anything like as exciting as that one.
This movie is one of my all-time favorites.
This movie is politically incorrect.
This movie is pretty good.
This movie is probably cheesy.
This movie is putting me to sleep.
This movie is rated PG-13.
This movie is rated R.
This movie is really good.
This movie is really great.
This movie is really interesting.
This movie is really scary.
This movie is so beautiful, I'm watching it for the third time.
This movie is so boring.
This movie is so terrible it's hilarious.
This movie is so unrealistic.
This movie is starting to get really interesting.
This movie is suitable for children.
This movie is supposed to be very good.
This movie is terrible.
This movie is very interesting to me.
This movie is very popular among young people.
This movie is without a doubt worth the watch.
This movie is wonderful.
This movie is worth seeing again.
This movie is worth seeing many times.
This movie is worth seeing.
This movie is worth watching.
This movie isn't based on real events.
This movie isn't interesting.
This movie isn't suitable for children.
This movie isn't that interesting, is it?
This movie made her popular.
This movie makes no sense.
This movie may have an undesirable influence on children.
This movie never should have been made.
This movie stinks.
This movie sucks.
This movie terrifies children.
This movie theater has two floors.
This movie was actually filmed in Boston.
This movie was directed by John Ford.
This movie was directed by Tom Jackson.
This movie was made in Australia.
This movie was produced by Tom Jackson.
This movie was very good.
This movie was very interesting.
This movie was written and directed by Tom Jackson.
This movie will be released in October.
This movie will rock your socks off.
This movie would not be the same without Claire.
This movie's boring.
This movie's hard to watch now.
This movie's hard to watch nowadays.
This much heat isn't normal.
This much is certain.
This much money will buy me about three gallons of gas, I think.
This much money will only buy me about three liters of gas.
This much?
This mug is made of iron.
This mule can't carry a heavier load.
This murder case dates back to the early sixties.
This murder is absolutely abhorrent.
This murder would have been infinitely more difficult to unravel had the body of the victim been simply found lying in the roadway without any of those outré and sensational accompaniments which have rendered it remarkable. These strange details, far from making the case more difficult, have really had the effect of making it less so.
This murky liquid contains poison.
This murky liquid contains venom.
This muscular, German tourist is the shit. He has four huge shots of whiskey lined up to finish after dinner.
This museum displays a fascinating collection of Celtic objects.
This museum has a large fossil collection.
This museum has a magnificent collection of modern art.
This museum has a marvellous collection of modern art.
This museum has been closed for five years.
This museum is a famous tourist attraction.
This museum is a popular tourist attraction.
This museum is closed because today is Monday.
This museum is equipped with a fire prevention system.
This museum is one of the world's largest art museums.
This museum is scheduled to open in October.
This museum is to open early next year.
This museum is worth a visit.
This museum isn't open on Mondays.
This museum needs a new guide.
This museum used to be a church.
This museum used to be a synagogue.
This mushroom is not edible.
This mushroom is not good to eat.
This mushroom is poisonous.
This mushroom isn't good to eat.
This music allows you to relax after work.
This music brought me to tears.
This music doesn't help you think at all.
This music festival is the highlight of this year.
This music has something in itself, which fills my heart with sweet melancholy.
This music helps me fall asleep.
This music helps me to fall asleep.
This music is beautiful!
This music is beautiful.
This music is breathtakingly beautiful.
This music is catchy.
This music is compelling.
This music is from the 40s.
This music is getting on everyone's nerves.
This music is giving me a headache.
This music is going to uplift your mood.
This music is highly polyphonic.
This music is horrible, I can't take it anymore.
This music is hypnotic.
This music is lo-fi.
This music is making me sleepy.
This music is popular in Algeria.
This music is popular with young people.
This music is putting me to sleep.
This music is so beautiful that it brings tears to my eyes.
This music is soothing.
This music is terrible.
This music is very difficult to sight read.
This music lifts my spirits up.
This music makes heavy use of counterpoint.
This music makes me remember happy things.
This music makes me sick.
This music makes me sleep.
This music makes me sleepy.
This music makes me think of her.
This music makes my ears bleed.
This music makes your ears hurt.
This music puts me to sleep.
This music puts one to sleep.
This music reminds me of that girl.
This music soothes me.
This music sounds like a dying elephant.
This music stays in your memory all your life.
This music suits my present mood.
This music teacher was an ex-priest.
This music was composed by Bach.
This music will create a warm and welcoming atmosphere.
This music's annoying everyone.
This musical piece is composed of four movements.
This musician was highly praised in both Japan and America.
This music’s annoying everyone.
This must always be here; this is the place for it. Have you understood it?
This must be Tom's cap.
This must be Tom's cat.
This must be Tom's house.
This must be Tom's.
This must be Tom.
This must be a bad omen.
This must be a dream.
This must be a joke.
This must be a lie.
This must be a lonely place in the winter.
This must be a mistake.
This must be a new record.
This must be a practical joke meant for me.
This must be a real diamond.
This must be annoying!
This must be changed.
This must be confusing to you.
This must be destroyed.
This must be difficult for you to understand.
This must be done by Monday.
This must be done quite otherwise.
This must be done.
This must be for you.
This must be good news.
This must be good, it can never be bad.
This must be handled carefully.
This must be hard for Tom.
This must be hard for you.
This must be his umbrella.
This must be important.
This must be it.
This must be my book.
This must be my grandfather's house.
This must be my lucky day.
This must be one of the worst jobs in the world.
This must be resolved speedily, but not now; for it evidently agitates her too much.
This must be signed in the presence of three witnesses.
This must be some kind of mistake.
This must be stopped.
This must be that new restaurant everyone was talking about.
This must be that one.
This must be the famous Michael I have heard so much about.
This must be the one.
This must be the place.
This must be the second time this week that Tom lights himself on fire.
This must be the wrong place.
This must be those ones.
This must be those.
This must be tough on Ziri.
This must be true.
This must be your drink.
This must be your purse.
This must be yours.
This must encourage you.
This must end.
This must have been some kind of Freudian slip.
This must have belonged to Tom.
This must have cost a fortune!
This must have cost a small fortune.
This must never happen again.
This must not be allowed to happen again.
This must not happen again.
This must sound absolutely crazy to you.
This must stop.
This must've belonged to Tom.
This must've belonged to her.
This must've belonged to him.
This must've belonged to them.
This must've cost a small fortune.
This mustache really suits you.
This mustard is so spicy it stings my tongue.
This mustard is yellow.
This mustard really bites the tongue.
This mustn't be exposed to the sun.
This mutual exchange is the reason why coral reefs are the largest structures of biological origin on Earth, and rival old-growth forests in the longevity of their ecological communities.
This mysterious catastrophe dismayed the whole village.
This mystery has a plot twist that's completely novel.
This mystery has a plot twist that’s completely novel.
This mystery is solved.
This nail is bent.
This naive teenager is no match for an experienced police interrogator.
This name feels familiar.
This name is familiar to me.
This narrator is fantastic!
This narrator is really bad!
This narrator is really good.
This narrator is very good.
This nation is famous for its tourism.
This nation's economy has been growing at a rapid pace in recent years.
This nation's economy has been growing by leaps and bounds in recent years.
This nation's economy is growing by leaps and bounds in recent years.
This nation's economy is growing by leaps and bounds.
This national park is full of beautiful scenery.
This national treasure can be seen by the public only once a year.
This nation’s economy is growing by leaps and bounds in recent years.
This naturally concerned Ziri.
This nature documentary is narrated by David Attenborough.
This necklace belonged to my grandmother.
This necklace is a family heirloom.
This necklace is made of jade.
This necklace is so beautiful that I'd like to buy it for my wife.
This necklace is so beautiful that I’d like to buy in for my wife.
This necklace of Jane's is a gift from her grandmother.
This necklace of Jane’s is a gift from her grandmother.
This necklace will ward off the evil eye.
This necktie does not match my coat.
This necktie is hard to tie.
This necktie is too expensive.
This needs a proofreader.
This needs a steady hand.
This needs correction.
This needs political action.
This needs to be an intellectual discussion, so let's keep it at a respectable level.
This needs to be approved by Algeria's People's National Assembly.
This needs to be corrected.
This needs to be discussed.
This needs to be dismantled.
This needs to be done as soon as possible.
This needs to be done by Monday.
This needs to be done by the end of the week.
This needs to be done by tomorrow.
This needs to be done immediately.
This needs to be done right away.
This needs to be done right now.
This needs to be done.
This needs to be nipped in the bud.
This needs to be properly thought through in Algeria.
This needs to be ready by the twentieth.
This needs to be rewritten.
This needs to be stopped.
This needs to be tested.
This needs to be thrown away.
This needs to change.
This needs to end.
This needs to stop.
This negligence could cost human lives.
This neighborhood has a high crime rate.
This neighborhood has more homeless people than you can shake a stick at.
This neighborhood in Paris is very famous.
This neighborhood is a good place to raise a family.
This neighborhood is a good place to raise children.
This neighborhood is a gutter for broken dreams.
This neighborhood is completely safe now.
This neighborhood is dangerous.
This neighborhood is majority black.
This neighborhood is one of the roughest areas of Algiers.
This neighborhood is predominantly made up of Kabyles and people from Jijel and Setif.
This neighborhood is starting to urbanize.
This neighborhood is very dangerous.
This neighborhood is very lonely.
This neighborhood is very safe.
This neighborhood is very scary.
This neighborhood is violent.
This neighborhood reminds me of Algiers.
This neighborhood smells nasty.
This neighbourhood is violent.
This neoclassic style also extended to private homes, notably Thomas Jefferson's Monticello and George Washington's Mount Vernon.
This net here is to keep off mosquitoes.
This never crossed Ziri's mind.
This never crosses my mind.
This never gets old.
This never happened before.
This never happened in my adult life.
This never happened to me before.
This never happened.
This never happens to me.
This never happens.
This never should have happened.
This never should've happened.
This never would have happened if Tom had been there.
This never would have happened if you'd done it the way I told you to do it.
This never would've happened if Tom had been there.
This never would've happened if Tom hadn't been here.
This never would've happened if you'd done it the way I told you to do it.
This new Macintosh computer puts the competition to shame.
This new and improved coffee maker will revolutionize the way you start your morning.
This new announcer keeps stumbling.
This new app can help people save money.
This new application claims to be user friendly. Well, it isn't.
This new breed of renters challenges long-held assumptions that Americans rent a place to live primarily because they can't afford to buy a home.
This new bus service will meet the residents' needs.
This new bus service will meet the residents’ needs.
This new camera is a snap to use.
This new car belongs to her.
This new car belongs to him.
This new car uses less petrol than the old one.
This new car will put other cars to shame.
This new chair is lavender-blue.
This new clobber is really comfy.
This new computer program can easily be learned.
This new design is definitely better than the last one.
This new design is definitely better than the previous one.
This new design is much better than the old one.
This new game supports couch co-op. You should come play!
This new gardening handbook could be a useful resource for plant lovers.
This new investment will multiply our profit.
This new job gave her a new lease of life.
This new law will apply statewide.
This new machine is much better than that old thing we had.
This new market may improve the entire industry.
This new medicine has a lasting effect.
This new medicine may aid your recovery.
This new medicine may save lives.
This new model of car is so popular that they have had to open a new factory to meet the demand.
This new model of car is so popular.
This new module is called the Expandable Activity Module, scheduled for installation at the International Space Station on April 16th.
This new necktie goes well with the suit.
This new operating system is literally a Trojan horse.
This new plan may bring a lasting peace.
This new product has also found its way to Europe.
This new product has been checked twice this week in order to avoid any problem during the installation.
This new product of ours is a serious blow to our rival company.
This new program, offered only at selected sites, allows an undocumented person to be given a unique identifier to be vaccinated and tracked for health purposes only.
This new project in Java doesn't concern me at all, because I'm a PHP developer.
This new regulation is wigscratchingly difficult.
This new rule encourages good behavior.
This new schedule gives us a lot more free time.
This new screen is much brighter.
This new shop will open in a week.
This new singer is really great.
This new soft drink is the best thing to drink this summer.
This new song is a big hit.
This new spacecraft is over twice as fast as previous spaceships.
This new state could in principle be any microscopic state.
This new suit is very comfortable.
This new suit really suits me, if I do say so myself. After all, everyone always says you have to dress to impress, so I guess you really could learn a thing or two from me.
This new suit suits me quite nice, don't you think? As they say, "Dress to impress!" Ha, you really could learn a thing-or-two from me.
This new sword becomes you, Your Grace.
This new technology allows for faster data transfer.
This new technology cannot fail, can it?
This new technology is amazing.
This new technology is really a game-changer.
This new technology looks very promising.
This new tie goes well with the suit.
This new town is beautifully laid out.
This new washing-up liquid is good for blowing bubbles.
This new way of observing neutrino oscillation is the key for scientists to be able to make measurements that would allow them to distinguish the different oscillations of neutrinos and its anti-particle counterpart anti-neutrinos. This is something that could help in better understanding the physical processes that involve matter and antimatter.
This new word is particularly important for us.
This new year will hopefully be better than the last in every single way.
This newly discovered iguana has a pink head with black stripes on its body.
This news astonished me.
This news can be trusted.
This news has caused a lot of confusion.
This news is fake.
This news is important to us.
This news is new to me.
This news is official.
This news is really surprising.
This news is sad.
This news is thrilling.
This news is too good to be true.
This news made Al-Sayib so furious that he once more spilled his Fanta.
This news made me happy.
This news made me suffer a lot.
This news makes me sad!
This news really worried me.
This news report created a lot of confusion.
This news shocked the world.
This news upset me.
This news was a surprise.
This newspaper article is more interesting than the previous one.
This newspaper boasts an average daily readership of 5.5 million.
This newspaper costs a dollar.
This newspaper has a large circulation.
This newspaper has a lot of subscribers.
This newspaper has a wide circulation.
This newspaper has no political slant.
This newspaper hews closely to the official propaganda narratives.
This newspaper is a daily.
This newspaper is a government mouthpiece.
This newspaper is free of charge.
This newspaper is free.
This newspaper is from yesterday.
This newspaper is old.
This newspaper is selling fewer and fewer copies.
This newspaper is too expensive.
This newspaper is well known in the local area.
This newspaper is widely read.
This newspaper is yesterday's.
This newspaper is, in my opinion, the best of Brazil.
This newspaper publishes daily.
This newspaper's content is dry, sensationalist, and irrelevant.
This newspaper's weekend supplements often carry articles that are well worth reading.
This next house is bigger than that one we looked at before.
This next song is one that people always ask me to sing.
This next song was written by our lead guitarist.
This nice weather won't last.
This nickname has already been taken.
This night belongs to the fireflies and the bats—and the werewolves.
This night is yours.
This night was a full moon; Tom could not sleep.
This night was inevitable.
This night will be very long.
This nightclub is owned by Boris.
This nightmare is over.
This no longer belongs to Tom.
This no longer matters.
This noise is annoying.
This noise is deafening.
This noise is doing my head in.
This noise is driving me crazy.
This noise is driving me insane.
This noise is getting on my nerves.
This noise is making my head split.
This noise is something which I refuse to put up with.
This noise is unbearable.
This noise should be put up with.
This noose is prepared for Tom.
This not an unsolvable problem.
This not only means that my theory is not entirely holeproof but also that I am no more or less wrong for thinking so or not.
This note is better construed as a sharp fifteenth rather than a flat ninth.
This note is just a stupid prank.
This note is ripped. I don't want it.
This note summarizes some information that we hope to discuss at the meeting in San Francisco.
This notebook is yellow.
This notion is ridiculous.
This nougat also needs a spot in our stomachs.
This noun is not declined.
This noun isn't declined.
This novel bores me.
This novel consists of three parts.
This novel describes the life of the Japanese as it was a hundred years ago.
This novel does a good job at expressing the subtleties of the heart.
This novel exercised a great influence on young people.
This novel has also been translated into French.
This novel has been published in French as well.
This novel has been translated into English.
This novel has been translated into French.
This novel has three chapters.
This novel is an enchanting exploration through the green paradises of childhood love and a painful present, evoking the subtlest fragrances of the East and composing a staggering ode to the life force of words.
This novel is boring.
This novel is both interesting and instructive.
This novel is by far more interesting than that one.
This novel is dedicated to the magical mystery of falling in love.
This novel is difficult to understand.
This novel is fabulous!
This novel is fun and enjoyable.
This novel is his greatest opus, in my opinion.
This novel is interesting enough.
This novel is interesting for its village language.
This novel is more interesting than the one I read last week.
This novel is much longer than that.
This novel is praised for its gritty realism.
This novel is pretty good.
This novel is rich in symbolism.
This novel is so easy that even a child can read it.
This novel is too bland.
This novel is too difficult for me to read.
This novel is too dull.
This novel is too easy to translate.
This novel is very difficult to understand.
This novel is very imaginative.
This novel isn't as good as his last one.
This novel of his is inferior to the previous one.
This novel presents a very romantic account of Gypsy vagabonds.
This novel tells the story of a family from the northeast of Brazil that moves to the southeastern part of the country.
This novel was Tom's first bestseller.
This novel was a huge success.
This novel was one of her last works.
This novel was one of his final works.
This novel was published in 1862.
This novel was translated from English.
This novel was translated from French.
This novel was translated into Berber.
This novel was written by Algerian writer Mouloud Mammeri.
This novel was written by Emile Zola.
This novel was written by a famous American writer.
This novel was written by an American writer.
This novel will certainly go like hot cakes when it's published.
This now being settled, we can begin.
This nude poster appeals visually to the young.
This number has won a prize.
This number is much too large.
This number is much too small.
This number is too large.
This number is too small.
This number needs to be squared.
This number one hit was written in just 20 minutes by Nash's bandmate, Matt Slocum.
This number will be used if your primary method of registration is not available.
This number will be validated in the next step.
This numerical analysis coursework is driving me insane.
This nut is very crunchy.
This oak tree is completely covered in ivy.
This oak tree is very old.
This object doesn’t have a change history.
This object is made of rubber.
This obstacle seems insurmountable to me at this time.
This obviously concerns me.
This obviously concerns you.
This obviously isn't working.
This occasion marks a significant milestone in your nation's history, commemorating the hard-won struggle for freedom and self-determination.
This occurred to Ziri.
This octopus was hiding inside the coconut shell.
This odor is obnoxious.
This offer does not meet our requirement.
This offer does not meet our requirements.
This offer ends soon.
This offer expires at the end of the day.
This offer expires on August 15, 1999.
This offer expires on October 20th.
This offer expires on October twentieth.
This offer has expired.
This offer has nothing tempting about it.
This offer is available for a limited time only.
This offer is available for five days.
This offer is good for five days.
This offer is good through Monday.
This offer is not subject to the usual discounts.
This offer is open for five days.
This offer is valid for five days.
This offer is very interesting.
This office belongs to me, not him.
This office has tinted windows.
This office has very modern furniture.
This office is divided up into camps.
This often happened in winter.
This often happens to me.
This oil company is registered in Algeria.
This oil company was involved in a massive oil corruption scandal.
This oil field used to produce an order of magnitude more oil as it does now.
This oil filter is huge.
This oil has a rancid taste.
This oil is rancid.
This oil painting dates from the 17th century.
This oil well has been sucked dry.
This oil well is going to make me rich.
This oil well produces more than 100 barrels per day.
This ointment can kill fungi.
This old French table is a very valuable piece of furniture.
This old book is covered with mold.
This old book is quite out of date.
This old book is worth 50,000 yen.
This old bread is as hard as a rock.
This old building has seen better days.
This old building is beautiful.
This old building is charming.
This old building isn't worth fixing up. It would be better to tear it down.
This old building isn’t worth fixing up. It would be better to tear it down.
This old building was beautiful.
This old car breaks down all the time.
This old car breaks down constantly.
This old car is always broken.
This old car is constantly breaking down.
This old car is yours if you want it.
This old car was all I could afford.
This old car won't last much longer.
This old coat has had it.
This old coin is very rare.
This old computer is slow as molasses.
This old couple seems happy.
This old fish has a strange taste.
This old fish tastes weird.
This old fort will be very difficult to protect.
This old fridge uses too much electricity. We should get ourselves a new one.
This old guy is still sprightly.
This old house appears to be haunted.
This old house is all I have.
This old house is haunted.
This old house is made of wood.
This old house needs a good housekeeper.
This old keyboard is good for nothing!
This old keyboard is not good for anything!
This old keyboard is useless!
This old lady can only afford either medication or food.
This old man actually swam across the river.
This old man has age spots on his skin.
This old man has liver spots on his skin.
This old man is gray.
This old suit has just about had it; I shall have to get a new one.
This old suit is just about done for; I shall have to get a new one.
This old table is still in use.
This old ten-mark bill hasn't been valid for a long time.
This old trade is still flourishing in Algiers.
This old tradition disappeared.
This old tradition has disappeared.
This old trick still works.
This old vase is valuable to me.
This old woman is very kind.
This olive oil is crap.
This olive oil is excellent.
This olive oil is from Algeria.
This olive oil is really good.
This olive oil is really, really good.
This olive oil smells great.
This olive oil tastes really good.
This olive tree is very old.
This once more shows that you are an idiot.
This one and that one are the same length.
This one arrived on time in spite of the rain.
This one belonged to Tom.
This one belongs to Tom.
This one belongs to her.
This one belongs to him.
This one belongs to me.
This one belongs to them.
This one belongs to us.
This one belongs to you.
This one doesn't belong to me.
This one doesn't belong to them?
This one doesn't cost anything.
This one doesn't fit me.
This one doesn't fit.
This one experience has freaked Ziri out so much.
This one has a lot of advantages over that one.
This one here is ours.
This one is Fadil.
This one is Tom's.
This one is a beauty that her mother forgot to kiss at birth.
This one is a book about stars.
This one is a cinch.
This one is a keeper.
This one is a lot better than that one.
This one is a lot better.
This one is a lot dearer.
This one is a lot easier.
This one is a lot more expensive.
This one is a real boob, for sure. And he's a president.
This one is a real boob. And he's a leader.
This one is a real simpleton, for sure. And he's a president.
This one is all yours.
This one is as good as that one.
This one is better than that one.
This one is better.
This one is big.
This one is bigger.
This one is broken.
This one is by far better than that one.
This one is by far better.
This one is cheaper than that one over there.
This one is cheaper than that one.
This one is cheaper.
This one is clean.
This one is definitely better.
This one is different from the rest.
This one is different.
This one is difficult.
This one is dirty.
This one is empty.
This one is even better.
This one is even worse.
This one is far better than that one.
This one is far dearer.
This one is far more expensive.
This one is for Tom.
This one is for us.
This one is for you.
This one is free.
This one is full.
This one is good.
This one is just for you.
This one is longer than that one.
This one is me, in anger.
This one is mine.
This one is more beautiful.
This one is much better than that one.
This one is much better.
This one is much cheaper.
This one is much dearer.
This one is much more expensive.
This one is my daughter.
This one is my favorite ivy.
This one is my favorite.
This one is my son.
This one is my suitcase.
This one is no better.
This one is not your brother.
This one is of much higher quality than that one.
This one is on me.
This one is ours.
This one is prettier.
This one is ready for deletion.
This one is ready.
This one is similar to that one.
This one is slightly different from the rest.
This one is slightly different.
This one is smaller than that one.
This one is so beautiful!
This one is special.
This one is strikingly different from the others.
This one is the biggest.
This one is the same length as that one.
This one is the worst.
This one is too easy.
This one is way better than that one.
This one is way better.
This one is worse.
This one isn't better.
This one looks like you.
This one looks pretty good.
This one must belong to Tom.
This one nearer to me will run.
This one or that one?
This one time, I dreamt I was a squirrel, and then I woke up in bed completely disoriented.
This one was on top of the pile.
This one was written just for you!
This one wasn't your mistake.
This one will be fine.
This one will run.
This one won't.
This one works.
This one would be enough.
This one's OK.
This one's Tom's.
This one's a cinch.
This one's a little different.
This one's a little harder.
This one's a no-brainer.
This one's a tough one.
This one's all yours.
This one's better than that one.
This one's better.
This one's broken.
This one's crowded, so let's take the next train.
This one's cuter.
This one's different.
This one's empty.
This one's even better.
This one's for Tom.
This one's for me.
This one's for you!
This one's for you, Tom.
This one's for you.
This one's free.
This one's from me.
This one's gonna be good.
This one's good, but that one's better.
This one's got me worried, Tom.
This one's great.
This one's hard to read.
This one's mine.
This one's my personal favorite.
This one's my room, Tom.
This one's nice.
This one's no good.
This one's no worse.
This one's not bad either.
This one's not working either.
This one's old.
This one's on me.
This one's on the house.
This one's on us, Tom.
This one's pretty cool.
This one's pretty.
This one's really funny.
This one's really nice.
This one's still alive.
This one's supposed to be the best.
This one's the real deal.
This one's yours.
This online store's privacy policy is hard to understand.
This onlooker almost got in the way of the fire truck.
This only happened once.
This only happens about once a year.
This only happens in Australia.
This only happens in children.
This only happens to you.
This only increased his desire to be revenged on the murderous duke.
This only takes quarters, you know.
This open source code spawned hundreds of projects.
This opening chapter will seem to the reader to have nothing to do with my narrative; and yet there would have been no narrative without it, for it is only when a man goes out into the world with the thought that there are heroisms all round him, and with the desire all alive in his heart to follow any which may come within sight of him, that he breaks away as I did from the life he knows, and ventures forth into the wonderful mystic twilight land where lie the great adventures and the great rewards.
This opera has three acts.
This opera is awful.
This operation is simple.
This opinion is very common among the French.
This opportunity for success in forming a partnership is a big one; the key lies in whether you are willing to work hard and invest in it, and that is all.
This opportunity is going to change my life.
This opportunity may never come again.
This opportunity may only come once in a life.
This opportunity should be taken advantage of.
This opportunity shouldn't be missed.
This opportunity won't ever come again.
This oppressive regime committed many atrocities.
This oral medication is part of a class of drugs that suppresses the overstimulation of the immune system and is used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
This orange is delicious.
This orange is from our tree.
This orange is really delicious.
This orange is sour.
This orange is too sour.
This orange is too sweet to my taste.
This orange isn’t delicious.
This orange juice is delicious.
This orchid mimics the shape and colors of a pansy flower to attract pollinators that normally go to a pansy.
This order has just come in over the phone.
This order is pending payment.
This order is to be obeyed to the letter.
This organ is very old.
This organic wine doesn't contain sulfites.
This organisation promotes literacy in rural areas.
This organism can survive at temperatures well below the freezing point of water.
This organism can survive in outer space.
This organism prefers high temperatures.
This organism prefers low temperatures.
This organization cannot exist without you.
This organization is based here in Algeria.
This organization lacks unity.
This organization relies entirely on voluntary donations.
This organization was founded one hundred and eleven years ago.
This orientation course will teach you everything you need to know.
This orphaned English sentence was translated on Tatoeba into 14 languages, but the translator could not adopt it because he is not a native English speaker.
This ostrich was bought by an Austrian in Australia.
This ought long ago to have been done.
This ought not to be allowed.
This ought not to be dragged out.
This ought to be fun.
This ought to be good enough.
This ought to be good.
This ought to be simple.
This ought to bring in enough money to put us back in the black.
This ought to cheer you up.
This ought to count for something.
This ought to do it.
This ought to do the trick.
This ought to help.
This outfit is cute.
This outfit is sexy, but unrealistic.
This outfit was typical of a colonist at that time.
This overcoat has lasted me three years.
This overcoat is inferior to mine in quality.
This overcoat isn't as good as mine.
This ox rib was found in the woods.
This package has been left here by him.
This package has to be from Yanni.
This package is a lot heavier than that one.
This package is for Tom.
This package is for you.
This package is heavy.
This package isn't for you.
This package isn't heavy.
This package must be brought to the post office.
This package requires special treatment.
This package was delivered last night.
This package weighs over 50 pounds.
This package weighs three pounds.
This packaging is hard to remove.
This packaging material provides heat insulation.
This packet contains important information about this prescription.
This packet of sugar has holes in it.
This paddy can be reaped already.
This page allows the user to change the name of previously registered devices and re-register or unregister a device if it is lost, stolen or replaced.
This page contains technical information that might be useful when you're trying to solve a problem.
This page contains technical information that might be useful when you’re trying to solve a problem.
This page has been intentionally left blank.
This page intentionally left blank.
This page is intentionally left blank.
This page is not nicely printed so print it again.
This page was intentionally left blank.
This page was never funny.
This pain is getting to be more than I can stand.
This pain is killing me.
This paint comes off easily.
This paint dries quickly.
This paint is really good.
This painter carefully chooses the most vivid colours.
This painter lives in London.
This painter studied in Paris.
This painter went to Paris for his studies.
This painting always reminds me of my hometown.
This painting by Rembrandt is a masterpiece.
This painting by Rembrandt is a work of art.
This painting by Van Gogh is one of the most popular today.
This painting has already been sold.
This painting has been estimated to be worth €100,000.
This painting has been valued at €100,000.
This painting has poor composition.
This painting is a forgery.
This painting is a good copy of the original.
This painting is a representation of a storm at sea.
This painting is art. As you can see from every brush stroke, a choice was made.
This painting is attributed to Monet.
This painting is attributed to Picasso.
This painting is best viewed from a distance.
This painting is by a local artist.
This painting is considered one of Yanni's first masterpieces.
This painting is nicely done. It looks just like Mom.
This painting is really very nice.
This painting is the portrait of a very famous woman. Do you know it?
This painting is wonderful.
This painting is worth a great deal of money.
This painting is worth a lot of money.
This painting is worth more than you might think.
This painting isn't complete yet.
This painting isn't worth the price you're asking.
This painting makes for a good conversation piece.
This painting reveals a lot about the artist.
This painting should bring a lot of money at auction.
This painting was expensive.
This painting was given to me by Tom.
This painting was painted by Picasso.
This painting was painted in the 21st century.
This painting was restored by the museum.
This painting was valued at €100,000.
This painting was very expensive.
This painting wasn't cheap.
This painting will pass for genuine.
This pair of boots has lasted a long time.
This pair of boots is new.
This pair of lovers were carrying on an ardent correspondence.
This pair of shoes cost me $30.
This pair of shoes cost me thirty dollars.
This pair of shoes doesn't fit me.
This pair of shoes doesn’t fit me.
This pair of shoes is a size larger.
This pair of shoes is mine.
This pair of sunglasses belongs to Tom.
This pair of trousers is just right for me.
This palace is the most famous and best appreciated attraction in our city.
This palace was built for the rich king.
This palm tree looks really impressive.
This pamphlet has all the information you need.
This pamphlet is about pets.
This pamphlet is free of charge.
This pamphlet tells you how you can lower the water bill.
This pan has several uses.
This pantsuit is perfect for the successful businesswoman.
This papaya salad isn’t very delicious.
This paper can handle watercolour well.
This paper comes out once a week.
This paper does not absorb ink.
This paper doesn't absorb ink.
This paper doesn't have anything to do with the Berber language.
This paper has a large circulation.
This paper has been treated so as to prevent fraud.
This paper has very good absorption.
This paper has very high absorbency.
This paper holds its shape a little bit better.
This paper is alive with sympathetic insight into Shakespeare.
This paper is coarse.
This paper is imported.
This paper is magical, it can turn into anything you want.
This paper is pathetic.
This paper is rough.
This paper is white.
This paper needs to be rewritten.
This paper revolutionized the field.
This paper should be adequate for your purpose.
This paperweight belonged to my grandfather.
This parade descends from an ancient rite.
This paragraph doesn't need much explanation.
This paragraph is vague.
This paragraph is well written, but there is a mistake in the last sentence.
This parcel is addressed to you.
This pardon is undeserved, unprincipled, and one more stain on President Trump's rapidly diminishing legacy.
This paring knife fits well in your hand and cuts beautifully.
This park bench was Mary's favorite place.
This park gets a lot of use.
This park has always been open to the public.
This park has been open to the public since 2013.
This park is a little kid's paradise.
This park is a paradise for children.
This park is always open.
This park is at its best in spring.
This park is famous for its cherry blossom.
This park is famous for its cherry blossoms.
This park is famous for its roses.
This park is maintained by the municipality.
This park is more beautiful than that.
This park is now closed to the public.
This park is pretty big; it has a lot of trees and many flowers.
This park is really beautiful and clean.
This park isn't open to the public.
This park lends itself to recreation.
This park officially opens next month.
This park reminds me of my childhood.
This park used to be a hunting ground for a noble family.
This park used to be a village.
This parking lot is a gathering place for cats.
This parking space is for customers only.
This parrot has green feathers.
This parrot is no more.
This parrot is old.
This part doesn't work. It's in good condition, but it's not the right size.
This part is the deepest.
This part isn't so bad, is it?
This part of Algeria attracts a lot of tourists.
This part of Algeria feels like Arizona.
This part of Algeria has a strange landscape.
This part of Algeria is a cheap place to live.
This part of Algeria is a natural paradise.
This part of Algeria is beautiful and untouched.
This part of Algeria is different.
This part of Algeria is extremely hot and barren.
This part of Algeria is known for its narrow valleys.
This part of Algeria is known for its steep cliffs.
This part of Algeria remains largely untouched.
This part of Algiers attracts a lot of photographers.
This part of Algiers was built in the 1920s.
This part of Kabylie is a wild and inaccessible land.
This part of Kabylie is unique in Algeria.
This part of Oran is a hotbed for vice.
This part of the city is strange to me.
This part of the city was built on reclaimed land.
This part of the ivy cutting will root very easily.
This part of the lake is very shallow.
This part of the land belongs to my stepmother.
This part of the leg is red because she pulled the strip a bit too hard.
This part of the library is closed to the public.
This part of the massive temple complex contains one of its most famous bas relief friezes, called the Churning of the Sea of Milk, which depicts dueling gods and demons, adorned by apsaras—or celestial nymphs—ascending to the heavens, symbolizing life and immortality.
This part of the museum is temporarily off-limits to visitors.
This part of the park attracts a lot of addicts.
This part of the report may be left out.
This part of the river is too shallow for a canoe.
This part of the sea is dangerous and deep.
This part of the sea is deep and dangerous.
This part of the state is gorgeous.
This part of the tune needs some real skill. It took me ages to learn how to play it on the piano.
This part of town is a veritable labyrinth of winding streets and small squares.
This part of town is mainly residential.
This part of town is very noisy.
This part was easy to understand. The rest was confusing.
This part was easy.
This particle turns a noun into a verb.
This particular model has a really low battery life.
This particular organ has eight stops, which control eleven ranks of pipes.
This particular person will run.
This particular recall is intended to cover the gas pedal problems.
This partition separates the two rooms.
This party comprised fully two-thirds of the tribesmen, and departed for the coast, a dozen miles away, laden with skins and things to trade.
This party has to be perfect.
This party is an intimate gathering.
This party is awesome.
This party is boring.
This party is doing the opposite of what it promised before the election.
This party is doing the opposite of what they promised before the election.
This party is dull.
This party is great.
This party is kind of boring, don't you think?
This party is lame. Let's go.
This party is off the hook.
This party is sick.
This party is very boring. There's no alcohol.
This party isn't for you.
This party needs a new leader.
This party was fun before you got here.
This party's going to suck.
This party's packed.
This party's program is a laughingstock.
This pass is a death trap.
This pass is a gateway to India.
This pass is valid for three weeks.
This passage contains a lot of meaning.
This passive house doesn't need any active heating.
This passport has expired.
This passport is valid for five years.
This passport will remain valid for five years.
This past February, Dane sustained a concussion when his opponent head butted him during a regular match almost immediately after the start of the match. The impact left him dazed.
This past Tuesday, my fear came true. I was queued up for a question in a conference call on stopping the spread of the coronavirus. But I missed my turn as I was called up by my children to fix their computer problem. Later, my absence was noted in the transcript of the conference.
This past year, we succeeded in reducing the unemployment rate to ten percent.
This pasta is very healthy, in it you can find lots of vegetables!
This pasture is Tom's.
This path doesn't lead anywhere.
This path eventually joins the main trail.
This path follows the river.
This path is dangerous.
This path is impassable.
This path is rocky.
This path is very dangerous.
This path will lead you to the shrine.
This path will lead you to your destination.
This patient does not want to be treated.
This patient doesn't want to be treated.
This patient is refusing treatment.
This patient is suffering from hypoxia.
This patient was brought in with a gunshot wound.
This patient won't live long.
This patient's condition is getting worse day by day.
This patient's life is in danger.
This patient’s life is in danger.
This patio can hold thirty diners.
This pavement is much narrower than the one over the road.
This peach is a beauty.
This peach is a work of art.
This peach tart is tasty.
This peak is covered with snow year round.
This peanut butter is delicious.
This pear is better than yours.
This pear is green.
This pear is rotten.
This pear isn't ripe yet.
This pear isn't ripe yet. It needs to be left on the tree a little bit longer.
This pear isn't ripe yet; it needs to be left on the tree a bit longer.
This pear isn't ripe.
This pear smells nice.
This pear tastes of soap.
This pedal is stiff.
This peeler is easy to handle and sharp.
This peeler is easy to hold and cuts wonderfully.
This peeler is easy to hold and slices well.
This pen belongs to me.
This pen belongs to you, doesn't it?
This pen costs ₹10.
This pen doesn't work.
This pen doesn't write too well.
This pen doesn't write well.
This pen has a very fine point.
This pen has run dry.
This pen is a real bargain at such a low price.
This pen is mine.
This pen is the best.
This pen is thick.
This pen is very easy to write with.
This pen is yours, right?
This pen isn't black.
This pen's ink is indelible.
This pencil belongs to me.
This pencil cost me at least a hundred bucks.
This pencil is better than that one.
This pencil is better than the other.
This pencil is blunt.
This pencil is blunt. Could you sharpen it, please?
This pencil is blunt. Have you got a sharpener?
This pencil is not gray.
This pencil is not grey.
This pencil is red.
This pencil is very dark.
This pencil is white.
This pencil is yours. Mine is on the desk.
This pencil isn't gray.
This pencil isn't grey.
This pencil needs to be sharpened.
This pendant must be very old.
This penguin is really cute.
This penguin is so cute.
This penny-stock scam defrauded thousands of investors.
This pension costs 7000 yen. Without meals, it's 2000 yen cheaper.
This pension costs 7000 yen. Without meals, it’s 2000 yen cheaper.
This penthouse is spacious.
This pepperoni is spicy as hell.
This percentage represents almost 1,45 million people, of which 198,000 are monolingual, such that Nahuatl is not in danger of dying in the near future.
This perception is incorrect.
This perfectly normal boy is completely normal. Believe me, he is completely normal. Why would I lie about this?
This performance has ended.
This perfume reminds me of someone.
This perfume sickens me.
This period was a turning point in history.
This person appears to have been none other than Beddington, the famous forger and cracksman, who, with his brother, had only recently emerged from a five years' spell of penal servitude.
This person cannot be in my life.
This person compares everything to baseball.
This person does not exist.
This person doesn't exist.
This person doesn't live here.
This person is a master in the arts of gambling.
This person is a professor.
This person is a teacher.
This person is approachable.
This person is honorable, if they don't help you, they won't hurt you either.
This person is mentally ill; they cannot be measured by normal standards.
This person is new to being an adult.
This person is not my friend.
This person is short and thin.
This person is the best friend I have in the world.
This person is your slave, right?
This person isn't very quick when it comes to making friends.
This person isn’t very quick when it comes to making friends.
This person no longer lives at this address.
This person only thinks about themselves and doesn’t consider others. If you ask for their help, you’re bound to run into trouble.
This person seems well acquainted with the history of Japan.
This person sold his soul to the devil.
This person speaks an unintelligible language.
This person stresses me out.
This person wants to live a happy life.
This person will help you.
This person will run.
This person's worldview is officially unhealthy.
This phase can be normal, but guidance is needed.
This phenomenon cannot be explained by science.
This phenomenon creates homophones in spoken language.
This phenomenon is being understood slowly.
This phenomenon is nothing new.
This phenomenon is very easy to explain.
This phenomenon known as "the Sun Orthogonality" occurs on the same two dates (Ramses II's birth on October 22, and his coronation day of February 22) each year, and tourists from around the world attend the event, some for sun-worshiping rituals and others for simply observing the phenomenon.
This phone also features an FM radio - not that anyone cares anymore.
This phone call is about a taxi driver who calls 911 because of a pregnant woman inside his taxi while they're on a freeway.
This phone call is free.
This phone conversation changed his life.
This phone has a curved screen.
This phone has a great resolution.
This phone has a multitouch screen.
This phone has a notch.
This phone has a quad-core processor.
This phone has a rotary dial.
This phone is Sami's.
This phone is Tom's.
This phone is cheap.
This phone is defective.
This phone is expensive.
This phone is not working as it should.
This phone is pretty cheap.
This phone is pretty inexpensive.
This phone isn't working as it should.
This phone isn't working the way it should.
This photo exhibition pays tribute to Algeria's best soccer players.
This photo is my favorite.
This photo is my favourite!
This photo is over a hundred years old.
This photo is taken in the right moment.
This photo is the only one in which the entire family can be seen.
This photo is too blurry. I can't make out your face.
This photo isn't hers. It's ours.
This photo isn’t hers. It’s ours.
This photo of Tom was taken in Boston last year.
This photo of Tom was taken in Boston.
This photo reminds me of Scotland.
This photo shows a man who owns a small food store.
This photo shows underfloor heating during its installation.
This photo takes me back to my childhood.
This photo was stolen from my friend.
This photo was taken by Tom.
This photo was taken in Australia three years ago.
This photo was taken in Australia.
This photo was taken in Boston three years ago.
This photo was taken in Boston.
This photo was taken in Nara.
This photo was taken in a zoo.
This photo was taken on Monday.
This photo was taken three days ago.
This photo was the last time we were together.
This photograph always reminds me of my father.
This photograph is a little out of focus.
This photograph is more than one hundred years old.
This photograph is out of focus.
This photograph reminds me of enjoyable times when I was a child.
This photograph reminds me of my childhood.
This photograph was taken by him.
This photograph was taken on Monday.
This photomontage is hilarious.
This phrase could have been someone else's.
This phrase could not have been anyone else's.
This phrase has a quaternary rhythm.
This phrase has been said by more than one person.
This phrase is as beautiful as it is true. I will surely never forget it.
This phrase is both true and beautiful. I will certainly never forget it.
This phrase is extremely vulgar in our language, so I recommend that you avoid using it with strangers.
This phrase is grammatically and syntactically correct, but it doesn't sound very English.
This phrase is incomprehensible.
This phrase is vulgar.
This phrase might come in handy.
This phrase seems correct to me.
This phrase should only be used colloquially, never in a formal setting.
This phrase will be translated.
This phrasebook is very useful to me.
This physicist studies waves.
This pianist has very flexible fingers.
This pianist is known for his virtuosity.
This piano has only 87 keys.
This piano has probably not been tuned for years.
This piano is for sale.
This piano is heavy.
This piano is in bad shape.
This piano is out of tune.
This piano is really cheap.
This piano is unplayable.
This piano needs to be tuned.
This piano was very expensive.
This pickup truck is not for sale.
This picture always reminds me of my hometown.
This picture could use some retouching.
This picture fascinates me.
This picture frame can make the picture rise in value.
This picture from 2015 shows how the Aral Sea in Central Asia has shrunken in size dramatically as demand for water grows.
This picture got a lot of likes.
This picture has a very interesting history.
This picture has beautiful colors.
This picture has very low resolution, the quality is very low.
This picture is a little out of focus.
This picture is an indictment of gang rule in America and of the callous indifference of the government to this constantly increasing menace to our safety and liberty.
This picture is beautiful.
This picture is blurred.
This picture is blurry.
This picture is from three years ago.
This picture is hilarious.
This picture is horrible.
This picture is hung upside down.
This picture is mounted upside down.
This picture is of my uncle.
This picture is out of focus.
This picture is very pretty!
This picture is wonderful.
This picture is worth nothing.
This picture looks as if it were painted by a child.
This picture looks like it was painted by a child.
This picture makes you look fat.
This picture must have been taken in 1964.
This picture must've been taken in 1964.
This picture of Tom was taken in Boston last year.
This picture of Tom was taken in Boston.
This picture reminds me of my childhood.
This picture reminds me of my school days.
This picture reminds me of our happy days in England.
This picture reminds me of the time I spent with Tom.
This picture reminds me of when I was a student.
This picture shows choir members singing during a rehearsal for their upcoming Christmas performances, at St Paul's Cathedral in central London.
This picture shows how stupid I used to look.
This picture shows the centre of a large city.
This picture was drawn by Tom.
This picture was painted by Tom.
This picture was taken about five years ago.
This picture was taken by Tom.
This picture was taken by him.
This picture was taken five years ago.
This picture was taken in Australia.
This picture was taken in Boston.
This picture was taken in October.
This picture was taken in a zoo.
This picture was taken last Christmas.
This picture was taken last Monday.
This picture was taken last year.
This picture was taken more than three years ago.
This picture was taken on Monday.
This picture was taken shortly before Tom's death.
This picture was taken three days ago.
This picture was taken three weeks before the attack.
This picture was taken three years ago.
This picturesque legend tells us that in the early days of the Christian epoch the city of Ys, or Ker-is, was ruled by a prince called Gradlon, surnamed Meur, which in Celtic means ‘the Great.’
This pie is delicious.
This piece brings me to tears every time I listen to it.
This piece doesn't fit.
This piece doesn't match.
This piece has almost no modulation.
This piece has terrible voice leading.
This piece has the look of carved and chipped wood with rosemaling patterns.
This piece is a virtuosic display of the composer's mastery of counterpoint and orchestration.
This piece is impossible to play.
This piece is in a major key.
This piece is made of a composite material that I cannot identify.
This piece is technically very difficult for the performer.
This piece makes heavy use of counterpoint.
This piece makes heavy use of dissonance and syncopation.
This piece makes heavy use of syncopation.
This piece of art was really priceless.
This piece of candy is too big to put in my mouth.
This piece of clothing is really pretty.
This piece of furniture has a fine finish.
This piece of furniture takes up a lot of room.
This piece of furniture takes up a lot of space.
This piece of furniture, I can also assemble myself.
This piece of information is very important to us.
This piece of jewelry is worn both by women and men.
This piece of land is worth nothing.
This piece of music is way too difficult for me to play.
This piece of woodland is to make way for a new factory.
This piece uses modes rather than scales.
This pigeon flew from San Francisco to New York.
This pigeon's wings are broken.
This pigment is the best.
This pilaf is so filling that I'm full after just two spoonfuls.
This pilaf tastes great!
This pill contains vitamin C, among other things.
This pill is taken as a suppository.
This pillar might fall.
This pillow is covered with velvet.
This pillow is softer than the other one.
This pillow is too lumpy.
This pillow is too soft for me.
This pillow is too soft.
This pillow is uncomfortable.
This pillow is very uncomfortable.
This pillow smells musty. Could you get me another one?
This pillow stinks.
This pink flower is beautiful.
This pipe comes from that well.
This pipe goes into the house.
This pipe is blocked.
This pipe is carved from meerschaum.
This pipeline transports natural gas from Algeria to Spain.
This piqued the interest of William's classmates.
This pirate has a pet parrot.
This pistol is a fine antique from Tom's collection.
This pitcher is empty.
This pizza cook comes from Algeria.
This pizza has a thin crust.
This pizza has four main ingredients.
This pizza is cold.
This pizza is delicious.
This pizza is disgusting!
This pizza is nearly perfect.
This pizza is really bad.
This pizza is really good.
This pizza is really quite good.
This pizza is terrible.
This pizza is the best in town.
This pizza is the best pizza in town.
This pizza recipe includes hard-boiled eggs, tomatoes and oregano.
This pizza's nothing special, but it's good.
This place became hell on earth.
This place brings back many memories of my childhood.
This place brings me many memories.
This place brings me memories of my childhood.
This place depresses me.
This place doesn't belong to you.
This place doesn't look very welcoming.
This place feels like home.
This place feels so disturbingly uneasy for me.
This place fills me with dread.
This place gives me a really bad vibe.
This place gives me the creeps.
This place gives off bad energy.
This place gives off such an uneasy and unwelcoming vibe, we'd better get out of here as quickly as we came.
This place gives off very uneasy vibes.
This place has a bad reputation.
This place has a disturbingly strange vibe to it.
This place has a mysterious atmosphere to it.
This place has a mysterious atmosphere.
This place has always felt unwelcoming to me.
This place has an uninviting vibe to it.
This place has become hell on earth.
This place has everything.
This place has gone to the dogs.
This place has hardly changed at all.
This place has lots of guards.
This place has more frogs than residents.
This place has not been the same since you left.
This place has really good hot dogs.
This place has to be a secret between you and me.
This place has unusually large number of subdivisions.
This place hasn't been the same since you left.
This place hasn't changed much.
This place hasn't changed very much since the last time I was here.
This place hasn't changed.
This place holds a lot more people than where we held the event last year.
This place is a dive.
This place is a dump.
This place is a hub of creativity.
This place is a labyrinth.
This place is a lot less toxic when Tom isn't around.
This place is a maze.
This place is a mess.
This place is a very popular hangout for young people.
This place is affordable. There’s a lovely social scene where you can meet lots of new people, maybe a life partner, and you can afford a home and live a comfortable life.
This place is all right.
This place is always packed with people.
This place is an accident waiting to happen.
This place is arguably the best restaurant in London.
This place is awesome!
This place is barren.
This place is beautiful.
This place is below the sea level.
This place is big enough for both of us.
This place is boring.
This place is convenient for swimming.
This place is cool.
This place is crawling with ants.
This place is crazy.
This place is creepy.
This place is dangerous.
This place is different.
This place is dire.
This place is disgusting.
This place is downright creepy.
This place is fabulous.
This place is famous for its scenic beauty.
This place is famous for its waterfalls.
This place is famous for their vegan hoagies.
This place is fantastic.
This place is for rich people.
This place is full of thieves and murderers.
This place is full of wildlife.
This place is ginormous.
This place is giving me a very uneasy feeling.
This place is giving me the creeps.
This place is giving out such a creepy vibe, I am getting out of here as quickly as I came into it.
This place is great!
This place is great.
This place is hideous.
This place is horrible.
This place is huge.
This place is in shambles.
This place is incredible.
This place is known for its delicious desserts.
This place is large, isn't it?
This place is large, isn’t it?
This place is like a madhouse!
This place is mine.
This place is near the sea.
This place is nice and quiet.
This place is not as terrible as it may seem.
This place is not in Europe.
This place is open to everybody.
This place is open to the public.
This place is ours.
This place is overpriced.
This place is packed!
This place is packed.
This place is perfect.
This place is quite nice.
This place is really beautiful.
This place is really nice.
This place is really noisy.
This place is really safe!
This place is really windy.
This place is sacred.
This place is small.
This place is so boring.
This place is so depressing.
This place is so dreadful.
This place is so exciting.
This place is so nice.
This place is sort of romantic.
This place is starting to get crowded.
This place is suitable for swimming.
This place is super creepy.
This place is surrounded by hills.
This place is taken by Tom.
This place is tight.
This place is too crowded.
This place is too noisy for me.
This place is too open.
This place is too shady for taking photos.
This place is ugly.
This place is unbelievable.
This place is used by the teachers.
This place is very dirty.
This place is very pleasant.
This place is very sacred.
This place is very significant for Algiers.
This place is weird.
This place is where Kalman's ashes are buried.
This place is wonderful.
This place is worse than I remember.
This place is worth a visit.
This place is worth visiting twice.
This place is worth visiting.
This place is your entire world.
This place isn't a bakery, it's what we call a baking terminal.
This place isn't as safe as it used to be.
This place isn't boring because we might be killed.
This place isn't convenient for public transportation.
This place isn't convenient to public transportation.
This place isn't on the map.
This place isn't quiet, but noisy.
This place isn't safe anymore.
This place isn't so bad.
This place isn’t convenient for public transportation.
This place isn’t convenient to public transportation.
This place looks familiar.
This place looks just like the picture in my geography book.
This place looks just the same as it used to.
This place looks legit.
This place looks like Boston.
This place looks like a cemetery.
This place looks like a graveyard.
This place looks so uninviting and so unwelcoming, I don't want to stay one more minute in it so let's just move away from it the sooner we can.
This place looks so uninviting.
This place looks so unwelcoming.
This place makes me sad.
This place needs repairs.
This place needs to be spotless.
This place really is immaculate.
This place reminds me of Tom.
This place reminds me of my childhood.
This place reminds me of when I was young.
This place screams trouble. We'd better get away from it as quickly as possible.
This place seems like a lot of trouble.
This place seems relatively pollution-free.
This place seems to have relatively low levels of pollution.
This place smells bad.
This place smells like Tom.
This place smells like a locker room.
This place smells like a sewer.
This place still looks the same as it did a long time ago.
This place stinks.
This place sucks.
This place used to be a field.
This place used to be much more linguistically diverse.
This place was bombed during the war.
This place was sanctified.
This place will be difficult to defend.
This place will be heaving with tourists in summer.
This place will serve as well as another.
This place would fall apart without Tom.
This plain is full of tulips, poppies, and roses.
This plan can hardly be improved upon.
This plan deserves serious consideration.
This plan had little chance of success.
This plan has discretion advised.
This plan has my full support.
This plan has no flaws.
This plan has not yet been cleared by the committee.
This plan is acceptable to all.
This plan is being discussed right now.
This plan is currently under consideration.
This plan is far from perfect, but it's the best plan we have.
This plan is flawed.
This plan is fool-proof.
This plan is good in some ways.
This plan is impossible to accomplish.
This plan is not just unfeasible, but impossible.
This plan is sure to succeed.
This plan is working.
This plan is worth a try.
This plan is worth considering.
This plan is worth trying.
This plan isn't new at all.
This plan isn't realizable.
This plan isn't really new.
This plan looks a lot like the one we had last year.
This plan might work.
This plan needs discretion.
This plan requires secrecy.
This plan should be carried out.
This plan stinks.
This plan was approved last October.
This plan will bankrupt the economy of our town.
This plan will be carried out in the near future.
This plan will be very expensive to carry out.
This plan will never work.
This plan will serve its purpose to some extent.
This plan will work.
This plan won't work.
This plan, while looking great on paper, turned out to be a disaster.
This plane can fly at 800 miles an hour.
This plane departs at 8 o'clock.
This plane flies between Osaka and Hakodate.
This plane flies nonstop to Tokyo.
This plane is currently cruising smoothly towards our destination.
This plane is his.
This plane is huge!
This plane is huge.
This plane is quite old.
This plane is very big.
This plane landed safely.
This plane takes off every day at 8 a.m.
This plane takes off every day at 8 o'clock in the morning.
This planet appears to be suited for colonization.
This planet is in serious danger.
This planet orbits two stars.
This planet seems to be uninhabited.
This planet's orbit is congested with hundreds of captured moons.
This planner is a freebie from the bank.
This plant can't grow in the shade.
This plant doesn't need a lot of light.
This plant doesn't need much water.
This plant eats insects.
This plant flowers at the beginning of spring.
This plant grew little by little.
This plant has a disproportionate and crazy growth. It's like it doesn't know how to grow anymore.
This plant has some burned leaves.
This plant has some burnt leaves.
This plant is a hybrid.
This plant is critically endangered.
This plant is dying for want of water.
This plant is dying.
This plant is edible.
This plant is endangered.
This plant is essential to the gardenscape.
This plant is good to eat.
This plant is green.
This plant is indigenous to Australia.
This plant is indigenous to Canada.
This plant is native to Canada.
This plant is particular to the island of Madeira.
This plant is tall and that one is short.
This plant is toxic to cats.
This plant is widely used as medicine.
This plant is widely used for medicine.
This plant isn't edible.
This plant likes the shade.
This plant looks sick.
This plant loves the sun.
This plant needs a lot of water.
This plant needs fertilizer.
This plant needs shade.
This plastic chair is cheap.
This plastic chair is inexpensive.
This plastic chair is very cheap.
This plastic garbage bag is free of hazardous chemicals.
This plastic is not damaged by fire.
This plastic is rigid.
This plastic is sold to an Algerian industrial recycler.
This plastic squirrel was made in China.
This plate has a crack.
This plate is broken.
This plate is chipped.
This plate is cracked.
This plate is damaged.
This plate is dirty.
This plate is round.
This plate isn't clean.
This plate isn't very clean.
This plate needs to be cleaned.
This play doesn't have a third act.
This play has a feminist point of view.
This play has ended.
This play has no humor in it.
This play has three acts.
This play is a musical.
This play is about love.
This play was adapted from the novel.
This play was well received by the press.
This play was written long ago.
This player has already scored a lot of goals.
This player is on a hot streak.
This playground looks shabbier than I expected.
This pleasant vision was shattered by a most unpleasant interruption.
This pleased Tom.
This pleased them worst of all.
This pleases me!
This pleases me.
This pleases the gods.
This plonk is surprisingly gluggable.
This plot of land is my property.
This plotter draws much faster than the old one did.
This plucky hero never backed down from danger.
This plum brandy is pretty good.
This plum tart is to be made with shortening.
This plum wine is from the previous century.
This plush toy is green.
This pocket watch is more than seventy years old.
This poem calls for great insight from the reader.
This poem combines prose with poetry.
This poem doesn't make any sense to me.
This poem expresses what the author thinks about love.
This poem has three stanzas.
This poem is about apples.
This poem is attributed to Tom Jackson.
This poem is attributed to him.
This poem is composed of four verses, each of which has five lines.
This poem is easy to memorize.
This poem is too easy to translate.
This poem is too much for me.
This poem is well composed.
This poem isn't easy to read.
This poem made me think of you.
This poem reads like a piece of prose.
This poem was originally written in French.
This poem was written by a nameless poet.
This poem was written by an anonymous poet.
This poem was written by him last night.
This poem was written last night.
This poet will never be forgotten.
This poetry is easy to read.
This poetry is well structured.
This poetry isn't easy to read.
This poetry makes me think of you.
This point bears so much stressing because it is of great practical importance that the reader should understand in what sense he is not to be introduced here to a brand-new language practiced by a handful of eager pioneers, but that the use of this grammar will make him a member of a sizable community of auxiliary-language advocates in all parts of the world who speak and write the same language with more or less striking deviations.
This point deserves special emphasis.
This point will be discussed tomorrow.
This poison can kill a large animal.
This poison is very effective in getting rid of roaches.
This pole is sharp at the end.
This polemic is futile!
This police officer has the authority to make us pay a fine.
This policeman has more than twenty years of experience.
This policy could have very serious consequences on Algeria.
This policy has been courageously and insistently advocated for over fifteen years, and has been triumphant for perhaps ten years.
This policy is in no way honest.
This policy is sure to go a long way towards stimulating business.
This policy resulted in a great rise in prices.
This policy will indemnify the homeowner against flood damage.
This policy will lead to the marginalization of millions of people.
This political crisis could lead Algeria to unsustainable situation.
This political expert says the issue can be resolved if the two governments can muster enough political will.
This political party is very environmentally conscious.
This political problem gave rise to hot discussions.
This politician is a typical champagne socialist.
This politician is corrupt.
This politician is nothing more than an ass-kisser.
This politician is suspected of having connections to organized crime.
This politician proposed a green tax to fight global warming.
This politician resigned after being linked to a corruption scandal.
This politician says that he supports the government.
This politician spends most of his time raising funds.
This politician throws around slogans left and right.
This politician was accused of stealing millions of dollars in public funds.
This poll doesn't have any degree of validity.
This pollution, known as acid mine drainage, contaminates roughly 4,000 kilometers (2,500 miles) of West Virginia waterways. It's a legacy of more than a century of coal mining in the region.
This pond doesn't go dry even in the summer.
This pond doesn't run dry even in summer.
This pond doesn’t run dry even in summer.
This pond has a lot of carp.
This pond is full of carp swimming around.
This pond is shallow.
This pond is three metres deep.
This pond isn't deep enough to swim in.
This pond was once teeming with frogs. Now it's empty; you won't find frogs here any more.
This pool has six lanes.
This pool is deeper than the smaller one.
This pool isn't for diving but for swimming laps.
This pool isn’t for diving but for swimming laps.
This poor boy is sick.
This poor cat almost died of hunger.
This poor simpleton has been robbed of four gold pieces. Take him, therefore, and throw him into prison.
This popcorn tastes really old and stale.
This popcorn tastes stale. I wonder when it was popped.
This popular German singer only sings in English.
This popular actress is rumored to have slept her way to the top.
This pork is a bit off.
This pork is undercooked.
This pork needs to be cooked a little longer.
This port may be closed.
This portal was created exclusively for students to use.
This portion of the library is off-limits to the public.
This portrait is nearly as large as life.
This poses an interesting problem for classical theories of physics.
This position is suitable for Tom.
This position makes me feel extremely vulnerable.
This possibility can't be ruled out.
This possibility cannot be ruled out.
This post is very useful.
This post is worth a bump!
This post was removed for violating the Terms of Service.
This postcard is from Australia.
This postcard isn't for you.
This postcard shows a historical view of London.
This poster has a lot of charm when paired with the original product.
This pot has no lid.
This potato is uncookable.
This potato salad contains oil and mayonnaise.
This potato salad wants boiled eggs.
This potion is made from mandrake roots, as well as other secret ingredients.
This pottery is made by a local artist.
This pouch is used for protection from demons and evil spirits.
This power station alone provides several cities with electricity.
This practice has long since been done away with.
This practice is not recommended.
This practice is of dubious efficacy.
This practice is of dubious morality.
This prefab cabin is HQ?
This present was given to me by Ann.
This presentation is really good.
This presents issues to Muslims.
This president has a lot of advisors, but they're all useless.
This president has written his memoirs.
This president is a clown. And the previous one was a senile man.
This president is a social climber.
This president's son has no education and has never worked.
This pressure will be on Bangladesh.
This pretty much sums up the relationship Ziri had with his mom.
This pretzel is delicious.
This prevents me from making progress.
This price is reasonable.
This price is too high.
This priest is a good man.
This princess is in the castle.
This principle, applicable to all languages, is strikingly illustrated by English with its very considerable Romance vocabulary assimilated to a Teutonic base.
This print is too small to read.
This prison is a disgrace.
This prison is not a prison but a concentration camp.
This prison only performs executions by lethal injection.
This prisoner's not to be trusted.
This probably can be fixed.
This probably hurt Yanni.
This probably isn't a good idea.
This probably means war.
This probably won't end all of our problems.
This problem affects us all.
This problem arose from a mutual misunderstanding.
This problem arose from the mutual misunderstanding.
This problem baffles me.
This problem bristles with difficulties both psychological and economical.
This problem can be solved differently.
This problem can not be discussed here for lack of time.
This problem can't be ignored.
This problem can't be solved with conventional methods.
This problem can't be solved with money.
This problem can't be swept under the carpet.
This problem cannot be swept under the carpet.
This problem certainly requires a solution, but that's like shooting a cannon at sparrows.
This problem comes up every day.
This problem demands immediate attention.
This problem deserves considering.
This problem doesn't have a simple solution.
This problem doesn't interest me.
This problem has a very simple solution.
This problem has been debated by many economists.
This problem has many different causes.
This problem has multiple causes.
This problem has often been remarked upon.
This problem has to be dealt with.
This problem is a one-liner.
This problem is a rather difficult one.
This problem is a real challenge.
This problem is akin to the one we had last year.
This problem is an equality of k so we first solve the assigned equation for k.
This problem is based on a misunderstanding.
This problem is beyond me.
This problem is beyond my powers.
This problem is both yours and ours.
This problem is completely solved.
This problem is complicated.
This problem is difficult for me to solve.
This problem is difficult for me to some degree.
This problem is difficult to solve.
This problem is easier than that.
This problem is easy to fix.
This problem is endless, without conclusion.
This problem is hard to solve.
This problem is hard to solve. So you had better begin with that one.
This problem is in his field.
This problem is much bigger than we thought.
This problem is not also just related to the Balkans
This problem is not avoidable.
This problem is not merely hypothetical.
This problem is not so difficult as it seems.
This problem is not so difficult that you can't solve it.
This problem is not so difficult that you can’t solve it.
This problem is of his own making.
This problem is only of secondary importance.
This problem is probably related to the one we were working on last Monday.
This problem is really annoying.
This problem is really complicated.
This problem is serious.
This problem is so easy that I can solve it.
This problem is something we can't ignore.
This problem is the clash of the idol's and obsessive fan's egos.
This problem is the clash of the idol’s and obsessive fan’s egos.
This problem is too difficult for elementary school children to solve.
This problem is too difficult for grade school children to solve.
This problem is too difficult for me to explain.
This problem is too difficult for me to solve.
This problem is too difficult for primary school children to solve.
This problem is too difficult for you to solve.
This problem is too difficult to deal with.
This problem is too hard for me to solve.
This problem is too much for me to handle.
This problem is too simple, so it is hardly worth discussing.
This problem is too simple.
This problem is very common but doesn't have an easy answer.
This problem is very complicated.
This problem is very hard.
This problem is very simple.
This problem is worth discussing.
This problem isn't avoidable.
This problem isn't easy to solve.
This problem isn't going away.
This problem isn't going to go away.
This problem isn't going to just go away.
This problem lasted for more than a week.
This problem may be solved in a variety of ways.
This problem must be considered as a whole.
This problem must be considered in the round.
This problem must be dealt with carefully.
This problem must be solved in the near future.
This problem must be solved soon.
This problem must be solved today.
This problem must not be dismissed out of hand.
This problem must not be swept under the carpet.
This problem needs to be considered more carefully.
This problem needs to be dealt with.
This problem notwithstanding, progress has been made.
This problem occurs regularly with ivy.
This problem requires a large effort to be solved.
This problem seems difficult.
This problem seems simple at first glance, but actually it's fairly complicated.
This problem seems to be easy on the surface, but it's really difficult.
This problem seems to be easy on the surface, but it’s really difficult.
This problem still needs to be solved.
This problem warrants serious consideration.
This problem was identified as long ago as 1999.
This problem was troubling us until last night when we found the cause and fixed it.
This problem will likely take a long time to solve.
This problem won't go away.
This problem won't resolve itself.
This problem, however, should be considered more carefully.
This procedure has advantages and disadvantages.
This procedure involves testing each sample twice.
This process called curing interferes with the growth of bacteria.
This process has a lot of inconveniences.
This process has taken longer than expected.
This process is automatic.
This process is very cumbersome.
This process must be stopped immediately, otherwise the server will break down.
This product brought us a large margin.
This product claims to help you lose weight.
This product comes from Algeria.
This product comes with a five-year warranty.
This product contains no preservatives. After opening, refrigerate and consume quickly.
This product does not contain GMO.
This product has annual sales of about $80 million.
This product has been designed with the highest concern for safety.
This product has significant shortcomings.
This product helps ivy to establish roots.
This product is a bargain.
This product is already sold out.
This product is an intelligent integrated information system.
This product is available everywhere.
This product is banned in Algeria.
This product is both a floor polish and a dessert topping.
This product is carbon neutral.
This product is environmentally friendly.
This product is expensive to produce.
This product is for sale.
This product is fun to use.
This product is highly flammable. Keep away from fire.
This product is imported from Algeria.
This product is intended for private use only.
This product is made from recyclable materials.
This product is made in Algeria.
This product is made in Italy.
This product is not in demand.
This product is not real. Nothing is real.
This product is now banned.
This product is one-hundred percent biodegradable and compostable, but can take up to thirty days to completely disintegrate.
This product is still in the prototype stage.
This product is still so new here.
This product is unpopular.
This product is well known by its advertisement on television.
This product is well-designed.
This product isn't commercially available in Algeria.
This product isn't popular.
This product isn't sold in Japan.
This product sells all across Algeria.
This product shall be used for local consumption only.
This product was advertised on TV.
This product was discontinued due to low sales.
This product was made in Australia.
This product was made in China.
This product was made in Italy.
This product was made in Thailand.
This product will be delivered directly to your door.
This product won't sell very well here.
This production has enough specialists.
This production is primarily aimed at the American market.
This profession is now quite popular in Bangladesh as a career.
This profession requires experience.
This professional concert pianist is from Algeria.
This professor has impressive credentials.
This program cannot be run in DOS mode.
This program corrects the mistakes I make in my translations.
This program has an intuitive user interface.
This program has an unintuitive user interface.
This program has become stereotyped.
This program has been brought to you by the following sponsors.
This program has both downloading and uploading capabilities.
This program has the following sponsors.
This program is a rerun.
This program is actually quite interesting.
This program is beamed from US to Japan.
This program is broadcast biweekly.
This program is broadcast every other week.
This program is broadcast every week.
This program is brought to you by the following sponsors.
This program is brought to you by the sponsors now appearing on your screen.
This program is going to focus on computer hacking issues today.
This program is not compatible with the 64-bit version of Windows 7.
This program is not compatible with this computer.
This program is not useful to me.
This program is on every Monday.
This program is on every week.
This program is really quite interesting.
This program is totally free.
This program is used for drawing.
This program is very easy to use.
This program is very user-friendly.
This program isn't for everyone.
This program must be funded from the state budget.
This program protects our online privacy by uncovering trackers while we browse the Web.
This program requires a subscription for commercial use.
This program was brought to you by the sponsors here displayed.
This program was recorded on tape before a live audience.
This program was very popular so the information that it went off the air caused a wave of protest.
This programme allows you to stay informed.
This programme is a repeat.
This programme is about penguins.
This programme is actually quite interesting.
This programme is broadcast fortnightly.
This programme is not suitable for your age group.
This programme is on every fortnight.
This programme is on every week.
This project admits of improvement.
This project failed.
This project grew out of a sketch I made on a napkin at a party last year.
This project has been put on the back burner.
This project has unlimited government backing in Algeria.
This project is a gold nugget.
This project is almost 100% complete.
This project is currently shelved.
This project is currently underway in Algeria.
This project is more than two years behind schedule.
This project is nowhere near complete.
This project is on a path to failure.
This project is only 30% complete.
This project is progressing fast.
This project is proving to be more difficult to complete.
This project is shovel-ready.
This project is the culmination of a lifetime of work.
This project looks quite interesting.
This project may not pay off.
This project offers strategic advantages for Algeria.
This project runs at a glacial pace.
This project should be finished by this time next year.
This project still keeps me very busy.
This project still leaves much to be desired.
This project turned out to be a tough nut to crack.
This project was a great success.
This project was a mistake from the beginning.
This project was made possible by a grant from the National Science Foundation.
This project was very successful.
This project will have a uniquely powerful impact on local economy.
This project will involve 50 trained staff members.
This project will never come to fruition.
This project will never materialize.
This project will take at least a year to finish.
This project, proposed during the Napoleonic era, is more expensive.
This promises to be a great flamewar...now where's my popcorn?
This promises to be a great flamewar...now where’s my popcorn?
This promotes the idea that wealth and worldly success are signs of God's favor.
This promotion properly reflects the quality and diligence of your work.
This prong collar is a little bit more expensive.
This pronunciation is nonstandard.
This property changed hands recently.
This property has high-speed internet.
This proposal deserves serious consideration.
This proposal failed to be approved.
This proposal is very interesting.
This proposal was unanimously approved.
This proposition is demonstratively false.
This protein is crucial for the organism to function properly.
This prototype shows a sustainable floating city as a solution for coastal cities threatened by rising sea levels. The city would have a flood-proof infrastructure and produce its own food, energy and fresh water.
This proved very difficult.
This proverb is worth remembering.
This proverb means something like "be careful of the company you keep, as their bad habits are sure to rub off on you."
This proves everything!
This proves my theory.
This proves you're a liar.
This provision, however, is not mandatory.
This provoked a flurry of criticism.
This psychological study investigates the cognitive factors of memory.
This pub has very beautiful waitresses.
This publication disseminates important information regarding the state of this country's politics.
This publisher has put out some very good books.
This publisher specializes in children's literature.
This publisher will publish absolutely anything.
This publishing house specializes in children's literature.
This pudding is pretty good.
This puff pastry is popular in the Philippines.
This pulao is so filling that I'm full after just two spoonfuls.
This pulao tastes great!
This pullover does not cost much. It is very cheap.
This pullover is too small for me.
This pump belongs to Tom.
This punnet of strawberries isn't too fresh any more.
This puppet is my only friend.
This puppy barks very loudly.
This puppy found me.
This puppy is barking very loudly.
This puppy is crying because it misses its mother.
This puppy is crying, because it is homesick for its mother.
This puppy is not for sale; it's for adoption.
This puppy is politically a conservative.
This puppy was the runt of the litter.
This purse is made of paper.
This purse is strawberry.
This push pin is supplied with the kit.
This push pin is supplied with the repair kit.
This push towards entrepreneurial risk-taking arose in an organic and spontaneous fashion. Though it’s not something they teach students at the San Francisco Conservatory, several conservatory professors have recently taken it upon themselves to work with the school’s recent alumni in a new and exciting way.
This push-button phone turned out to be useful in its way.
This put significant financial pressure on Algerian companies.
This puts Algeria first amidst all African nations.
This puts Yanni's life in danger.
This puzzle has 500 pieces.
This puzzle has a few missing pieces.
This puzzle has a missing piece.
This puzzle has a piece missing.
This puzzle is complicated.
This puzzle is difficult.
This puzzle is easy to solve.
This puzzle is giving me a headache.
This puzzle is hard.
This puzzle is missing a few pieces.
This puzzle is missing a piece.
This puzzle is too difficult for me.
This puzzle is too hard for me.
This puzzle seems impossible to solve.
This puzzle will be completed by tomorrow.
This quadrilateral has two right angles.
This quaint alpine town is America's hottest venue for independent films. Directors, critics, movie stars and others are here to see the almost 200 films selected for the 2010 Sundance Film Festival.
This qualified success left room for improvement.
This quenched my hope.
This quest can have many outcomes, depending on the choices you make.
This question can be answered by everyone.
This question can be answered from various angles.
This question can't be answered by a simple yes or no.
This question can't be answered with an unqualified yes or no.
This question counts for 50 points.
This question had to be asked.
This question has been bothering me for many days, and I'm not finding anyone who could help me.
This question has been preoccupying me for a long time.
This question has no answer.
This question has occupied me since childhood.
This question has often arisen.
This question has often been raised.
This question has often come up.
This question has preoccupied me for a long time.
This question has to be asked.
This question in English is anything but easy.
This question is by no means easy.
This question is closely related to that one.
This question is controversial.
This question is difficult to answer.
This question is easy to answer.
This question is for all three of you.
This question is like asking a parent which child they love more.
This question is like asking a parent which child they love the most.
This question is not easy.
This question is not that simple.
This question is one of great importance.
This question is too difficult for me to answer.
This question is too difficult for me.
This question is very simple.
This question isn't easy.
This question isn’t easy.
This question must be asked.
This question must be discussed separately from that one.
This question must, however, be asked.
This question needs attention.
This question needs to be asked.
This question often comes up.
This question seems to allow two answers.
This question, which, like many others, is only one of a laxer or stricter use of words, seems to have greatly exercised the minds both of Aristotle and Plato.
This quiche is marvelous.
This quickly worked.
This quilt can't be washed.
This quilt is very warm.
This race is already won.
This race is sponsored by Tom's company.
This racist and colonialist ideology is in no way superior to the despicable system of apartheid.
This racist and colonialist system absolutely has to stop.
This racist group is a danger.
This racist ideology needs to be purged.
This racket belongs to me.
This racket is rather too heavy for me.
This racket of Jane's is a little heavier than the one which I bought yesterday.
This racket of Jane’s is a little heavier than the one which I bought yesterday.
This radar is defective.
This radio doesn't work.
This radio is a good one.
This radio is no bigger than a matchbook.
This radio is no bigger than a matchbox.
This radio is out of order.
This rag is filthy.
This rage from all sides bespeaks a system that is disintegrating.
This railing is not as stable as it could be.
This railing isn't as stable as it could be.
This railroad ends here.
This railroad isn't equipped with any security system.
This railway line has recently been renovated.
This railway station is an important hub in the local transport network.
This rain coat comes in all sizes.
This rain is likely to change to snow later tonight.
This rain wasn't forecast.
This rain wasn't forecasted.
This rain will bring hail with it.
This rain won't let up anytime soon.
This rainy season brings a lot of destruction.
This raises a most interesting question: how long does it take to starve to death?
This raises intriguing questions.
This raises many concerns.
This ram is the same size as the others.
This ramen restaurant uses a ticket system.
This rare brain-eating amoeba travels up the nose to the brain and starts eating it.
This rare merit even the most fastidious critic must allow.
This rare stamp is hard to come by.
This rarely happens.
This rash should go away by itself in a couple of weeks.
This rash will go away by itself in two weeks.
This rat, up until just now he was my partner and now he's gone and turned on me.
This rat, up until just now he was my partner and now he’s gone and turned on me.
This razor blade is supplied with the kit.
This razor blade is used to scrape off the excess resin.
This razor is kaput.
This razor is supplied with the repair kit.
This reaction is used industrially to convert toluene to phenol.
This really blew my mind.
This really bothered John.
This really bothered Ziri.
This really changed Yanni's life.
This really disgusted Ziri.
This really disturbed Rima.
This really disturbed Ziri's mind.
This really doesn't concern you.
This really feels good.
This really freaked us out.
This really got may hair on end.
This really happened.
This really helped me to learn Berber.
This really helped.
This really helps our kids.
This really hurt Sami.
This really is a dangerous situation.
This really is a masterpiece.
This really is a nice surprise!
This really is a nice surprise.
This really is a nice-looking briefcase, but it's expensive.
This really is amazing.
This really is good bread.
This really is great weather.
This really is remarkable.
This really is sad.
This really is something.
This really isn't a good time.
This really isn't an island.
This really isn't funny.
This really isn't hard.
This really isn't that simple.
This really itches.
This really looks like a crack house.
This really looks like a drug den.
This really made them more vulnerable, because they were scampering into the nearest thicket to take cover, maybe thinking those were police officers coming.
This really matters to me.
This really means a lot to me.
This really pushed Yanni over the edge.
This really started to bother Ziri.
This really suits you.
This really tastes good.
This really ticks me off!
This really touched me.
This really was educational.
This really wasn't his lifestyle.
This really works.
This reasoning is really insane.
This recipe is my grandmother's.
This recipe is very easy.
This recipe looks so simple.
This recipe requires acorn squash.
This reciprocating saw is cost-prohibitive.
This record hasn't been broken for over 50 years.
This record is unlikely to be broken.
This record label is dedicated to furry musicians.
This record player must still work, otherwise he would've got rid of it.
This record still stands.
This recording has been tampered with.
This recording is distinguished by a successful synthesis of structural clarity and a manner of music-making based on the affects intrinsic to the music.
This red has a brownish tinge.
This red hat corresponds well to her dress.
This red hat goes well with her dress.
This red is really loud.
This red is tinged with brown.
This red is very bright.
This red sweater is cheaper than the blue one.
This red wine has the best taste.
This reduces the risks.
This referee is not good.
This reference book is of benefit to you all.
This reference is valuable for my research.
This refers specifically to the Biblical patriarch, the son of Abraham and father of Jacob.
This refers to circuit boards.
This refill lasts half a year.
This refrigerator has an integrated ice and water dispenser.
This refrigerator is very heavy.
This region has completely changed.
This region is called French Switzerland.
This region is famous for its fowl.
This region is famous for its grapes.
This region is full with pretty islands.
This region is largely Berber-speaking.
This region is linguistically diverse.
This region is linguistically homogeneous.
This region is located in a valley.
This region is populated by Berber speakers.
This region is three fourths Muslim.
This region of Algeria is known for its breathtaking corniches.
This region of Algeria is really hot and humid.
This region of Algeria offers little in the way of agriculture.
This region of Pakistan is a hotbed for extremist movements.
This region produces fruit and vegetables, but also nuts.
This region produces precious minerals.
This region suffers from a scarcity of water.
This region suffers from high levels of air pollution.
This region used to be a Roman province.
This region was wiped off the map after a hurricane.
This region's beekeepers produce honey particularly well.
This region's climate is temperate.
This register is out of commission.
This registration device isn't new.
This regulation applies to the French, but not to the Germans.
This regulation presents new challenges to agricultural producers.
This regulation will take effect from next year.
This regulation will take effect next year.
This relation between the Sun and planetary motion is not an odd and inexplicable coincidence.
This relationship between Portugal and the United States is still maintained today.
This relationship has no future.
This relationship just doesn't work.
This relationship led me to look deeply within myself.
This remains legal in Algeria.
This remains untold.
This remark is not applicable to you.
This remark was about you.
This remarkable life cycle is what makes salmon and steelhead truly unique.
This remedy will do you good overnight.
This reminds me of Tom.
This reminds me of a girl I once knew.
This reminds me of a girl.
This reminds me of her.
This reminds me of him.
This reminds me of home.
This reminds me of someone.
This reminds me of the old days.
This reminds me of them.
This reminds me of you.
This remote cavern is known only to him.
This repeated itself every month.
This report admits of doubt.
This report confirms his betrayal.
This report does not encourage sales.
This report does not foster sales.
This report does not help sales.
This report has many typos.
This report has several glaring errors.
This report is a declassified version of a highly classified assessment; its conclusions are identical to those in the highly classified assessment, but this version does not include the full supporting information on key elements of the influence campaign.
This report is badly written and is full of mistakes.
This report is due on Monday.
This report is free from errors.
This report is full of errors.
This report is full of mistakes.
This report is incomplete.
This report is meant to explain my language learning experiences.
This report is moving.
This report is not perfect.
This report is still incomplete.
This report is too easy to translate.
This report is touching.
This report is very sloppily written.
This report is well written.
This report isn't perfect.
This report isn't to the point.
This report isn’t to the point.
This report leaves a lot to be desired.
This report leaves much to be desired.
This report needs to be finalized by tomorrow.
This report needs to be written by noon tomorrow.
This report presents all the facts.
This report seems to be incomplete.
This report unravels the complexity of Algeria's economy.
This report was translated by Tom.
This report was written by Tom.
This report was written in 2013.
This represents the minimum wage in Algeria.
This reputation sparked the interest of Singaporean photographer Nicholas Leong after he watched Kenyans dominate the Singaporean marathon in 2006.
This requires a good deal of courage.
This requires a special skill.
This requires a tremendous deal of courage.
This requires additional resources.
This requires patience.
This requires some investigation.
This research institute has a quantum computer.
This research is Biblically based.
This research is groundbreaking.
This research paper is meticulously well documented.
This research paper presents a research carried out to gain insights on the products and services sold within one of the largest marketplaces for drugs, fake ids and weapons on the Internet.
This research subject complements recent scholarship on Latinx theory, borderlands, and third space (a hybrid and ambiguous location beyond the peripheries and center).
This research was a dead end.
This research was made possible by a grant from the National Science Foundation.
This researcher does not disclose the source of his funding.
This reservoir is very deep.
This residential area is comfortable to live in.
This resin is extremely clear.
This resin is going to make the windshield bullseye disappear.
This resin is perfect for fixing windshield cracks.
This resin is used to repair cracked and chipped windshields.
This resin needs UV light in order to cure.
This resin only needs twenty minutes to cure.
This resin smells a little chemically.
This restaurant accepts cash payments only.
This restaurant accepts payment in cash only.
This restaurant around the corner is the best one in town.
This restaurant can't be matched for good service.
This restaurant can’t be matched for good service.
This restaurant changed their menu to offer healthier food choices.
This restaurant charges a different price for tourists.
This restaurant didn't meet my expectations.
This restaurant does not cater for vegans.
This restaurant gets very crowded on weekends.
This restaurant has a bad cook.
This restaurant has a lot of green wooden tables.
This restaurant has a romantic atmosphere.
This restaurant has a salad bar.
This restaurant has been here a long time.
This restaurant has many vegetarian options.
This restaurant has pilaf, remember?
This restaurant has pilaf, right?
This restaurant has pilaf.
This restaurant has pulao, right?
This restaurant has pulao.
This restaurant has since closed.
This restaurant has the best hamburgers in town.
This restaurant has the best lasagna in town.
This restaurant has the best pizza in the country.
This restaurant has three Michelin stars.
This restaurant has valet parking.
This restaurant has very good service.
This restaurant is always crowded.
This restaurant is always packed on Sunday nights.
This restaurant is badly managed.
This restaurant is busier on Saturdays.
This restaurant is busy.
This restaurant is busy. We must wait for a table.
This restaurant is closed on Mondays.
This restaurant is famous for its apple pie.
This restaurant is famous for its excellent cuisine.
This restaurant is fantastic, but unfortunately there isn't a car park near by.
This restaurant is fantastic, but unfortunately there's no nearby car park.
This restaurant is full of young couples.
This restaurant is good.
This restaurant is in Algiers.
This restaurant is known for its crispy roasted chicken.
This restaurant is less expensive.
This restaurant is located on the riverbed.
This restaurant is noted for its good food.
This restaurant is only open in the summer.
This restaurant is open 24/7.
This restaurant is owned by Tom.
This restaurant is owned by Ziri.
This restaurant is packed during the dinner rush.
This restaurant is pants.
This restaurant is particular about cutlery.
This restaurant is popular with tourists.
This restaurant is quiet.
This restaurant is quite pricy for what it has to offer.
This restaurant is ridiculously overpriced.
This restaurant is so large that they are always busy waiting on guests.
This restaurant is too expensive.
This restaurant is very expensive.
This restaurant isn't mine. It's Ziri's.
This restaurant lives up to all the rave reviews it got.
This restaurant never closes.
This restaurant offers a menu that can make your mouth water almost instantly.
This restaurant offers halal food.
This restaurant offers some mouth-watering items on their food menu.
This restaurant offers some really exquisite dishes.
This restaurant offers the most delicious food ever.
This restaurant only accepts cash.
This restaurant only serves appetizers.
This restaurant opened on October 20th.
This restaurant provides good meals.
This restaurant really outsmarts and really surpasses itself to offer the most delicious food ever.
This restaurant serves Adana and Urfa kebabs.
This restaurant serves a delicious soup.
This restaurant serves authentic French cuisine.
This restaurant serves authentic Neapolitan pizza.
This restaurant serves dishes made from local organic fruit and vegetables.
This restaurant serves generous portions.
This restaurant serves savoury meals.
This restaurant serves the best couscous in town.
This restaurant specializes in peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
This restaurant specializes in seafood.
This restaurant won't do.
This restaurant won’t do.
This restaurant's coffee is good.
This restaurant's new owner is Tom.
This restaurant's open.
This restaurant's too expensive.
This restored Yanni's faith in humanity.
This restroom's toilet is clogged.
This result dashed his hopes.
This result disappointed him.
This result disappointed his hopes.
This result is among the observatory's first group of findings, announced Thursday by exultant astronomers, who say the instrument will change the way astronomy is done.
This result leaves much to be desired.
This result means, contrary to prior expectations, that the number of variables does not affect the processing speed.
This result means, contrary to prior expectations, that the number of variants does not affect the processing speed.
This resulted in him losing his money.
This resulted in some kind of centaur.
This reviewer will also ever pray in the interest of the English language that the word "cute" be banished from the pages of serious literature.
This revision of Darwin's ideas came under fire from academic positions.
This revision of Darwin’s ideas came under fire from academic positions.
This ribbon is a present for you.
This rice cooker also includes a rice spatula, a spatula holder, and a plastic measuring cup.
This rice cooker uses fuzzy logic.
This rice has too much saffron.
This rice is contaminated by arsenic.
This rice is delicious.
This rice is not baked enough.
This rice is sticky.
This rich man is greedy.
This rich ship owner wants his boat to leave for Greece as soon as possible.
This riddle was hard to solve.
This riddle will have to wait for now.
This ride is the park's real attraction.
This rifle was passed down by my grandfather.
This right here is my favourite thing ever, in the history of forever. I think about this every day. I think about this all night long. I stay awake, not sleeping, because I'm thinking about this.
This right may not be invoked in the case of prosecutions genuinely arising from non-political crimes or from acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations.
This right must be protected at all costs.
This ring costs as much as this car.
This ring has been in the family for over 300 years.
This ring has lost its glitter.
This ring has lost its lustre.
This ring is a magic item that gives great power to its user.
This ring is a memento from grandma.
This ring is expensive. Show me some cheap ones.
This ring is far too expensive.
This ring is made of gold and silver.
This ring is of no use.
This ring is really important to Yanni.
This ring is the one Tom gave me.
This ring is too big to wear on my finger.
This ring is too expensive.
This ring is very expensive.
This ring is yours.
This ring isn't shiny at all.
This ring lost its luster.
This ring was given to me by my mother.
This rise in temperature would worsen extreme weather events, and many of the dangerous effects of climate change might become irreversible.
This risk is unacceptable.
This risks undermining all the work done so far.
This rite is part of their religion.
This rivalry eventually led to several catfights between the women.
This river abounds in small fish.
This river abounds in trout.
This river becomes shallow at that point.
This river can't be crossed.
This river dries up in the summer.
This river extends for hundreds of miles.
This river flows all the way to New Orleans.
This river flows into the Pacific Ocean.
This river flows into the Pacific.
This river flows north.
This river flows quickly.
This river flows rapidly.
This river flows south into the sea.
This river flows too fast to swim in.
This river forms the boundary between the two prefectures.
This river is 500 miles in length.
This river is 500 miles long.
This river is a death trap.
This river is about one third as long as the Shinano.
This river is beautiful.
This river is contaminated.
This river is dangerous for children to swim in.
This river is dangerous to bathe in.
This river is dangerous to swim across.
This river is dangerous to swim in July.
This river is dangerous to swim in, in July.
This river is dangerous to swim in.
This river is deep enough to swim in.
This river is deepest here.
This river is dry.
This river is four times longer than that one.
This river is going to overflow.
This river is not polluted.
This river is one mile across.
This river is polluted with factory waste.
This river is pretty deep.
This river is safe to swim in.
This river is shallow enough to wade to the other side.
This river is so polluted that fish can no longer live in it.
This river is surely from paradise.
This river is teeming with life.
This river is the second longest in Australia.
This river is the widest in Europe.
This river is three times longer than that one.
This river is totally non-navigable.
This river is two hundred kilometers in length.
This river is two hundred kilometers long.
This river is very dangerous to swim in.
This river is very deep.
This river isn't clean enough to swim in.
This river isn't deep enough for this kind of boat.
This river isn't polluted.
This river isn't very deep.
This river looks like it's going to overflow.
This river marks the border between Algeria and Morocco in this area.
This river rises in the mountains in Nagano.
This river runs into Lake Ontario.
This river runs through my village.
This river sometimes overflows after the thaw.
This river's water is clean.
This road connects Tokyo with Osaka.
This road connects the two cities.
This road curves gently to the right.
This road extends to the coast.
This road follows the shoreline for the next thirty kilometers.
This road goes to a remote desert.
This road goes to our house.
This road goes to the airport.
This road goes to the city.
This road goes to the lake.
This road goes to the park.
This road is a dead end.
This road is a death trap.
This road is closed because of roadworks.
This road is closed to cars.
This road is closed to traffic for construction work.
This road is closed to traffic.
This road is dangerous.
This road is dark as fuck.
This road is full of sharp turns.
This road is fun to drive.
This road is gritted when it's icy.
This road is impassable.
This road is in poor condition.
This road is known for its deadly rockfalls.
This road is long.
This road is not wide enough.
This road is of great importance.
This road is only usable at night.
This road is slippery.
This road is so broad that buses can pass easily.
This road is so dangerous.
This road is steep.
This road is supposed to be Algeria's gateway to the heart of Africa.
This road is terrible.
This road is the lifeline that links these villages to the rest of the world.
This road is the only approach to the city.
This road is too narrow for a car to pass.
This road is too narrow for cars to pass.
This road is too narrow for trucks to pass.
This road is under repair.
This road is unpaved and uneven.
This road is very dangerous. Please drive carefully.
This road is very long.
This road is very long..
This road is very narrow.
This road is very scary.
This road is very steep.
This road is very winding.
This road isn't on the map.
This road isn't very safe.
This road isn’t very safe.
This road joins the highway there.
This road leads nowhere.
This road leads straight to Kabylie.
This road leads to Hong Kong.
This road leads to Larbaa Nath Irathen.
This road leads to the airport.
This road leads to the lake.
This road leads to the public hall.
This road leads to the river.
This road leads to the station.
This road leads you there.
This road leads you to the station.
This road map is very useful.
This road needs to be repaved.
This road poses one problem after another.
This road should have already been completed according to the original plan.
This road takes a heavy toll on the trucks.
This road takes you to the station and the city centre.
This road was partially destroyed by the earthquake.
This road was partly destroyed in consequence of the earthquake.
This road was widened last year.
This road will lead you to the airport.
This road will lead you to the center of town.
This road will lead you to the monument.
This road will lead you to the park.
This road will lead you to the station and the city center.
This road will lead you to the station.
This road will lead you to the town centre.
This road will soon be paved.
This road will take you down to the edge of Lake Biwa.
This road will take you down to the edge of the lake.
This road will take you to the museum.
This road will take you to the post office.
This road will take you to the post-office.
This road will take you to the station.
This road will take you to the town centre.
This robe is green.
This robot can hold an egg without breaking it.
This robot dispenses with many hands.
This robot does whatever I say. That's a big help when I'm too tired to do anything. Not too likely, huh?
This robot does whatever I say. That’s a big help when I’m too tired to do anything. Not too likely, huh?
This robot is controlled by a computer.
This robot is entirely autonomous.
This robot was useful for accomplishing many tasks.
This rock chip in Yanni's windshield is a monster.
This rock has the shape of an animal.
This rock is beautiful.
This rocket is headed for space.
This romantic movie is best watched together with your spouse.
This room belongs to children.
This room can hold fifty people.
This room can hold three hundred people.
This room can't be used today.
This room commands a fine view of the city.
This room does not get much sun.
This room doesn't get a lot of sun.
This room doesn't get a lot of sunlight.
This room doesn't get enough sunlight.
This room doesn't get much sun.
This room doesn't get much sunlight.
This room doesn't get much sunshine.
This room doesn't have any windows.
This room doesn’t get a lot of sun.
This room doesn’t get much sun.
This room doesn’t get much sunlight.
This room doesn’t get much sunshine.
This room echoes a lot.
This room fits just under fifty people.
This room gets a lot of sunshine.
This room gets a lot of use.
This room gets little sunshine.
This room gets sunshine.
This room has a balcony.
This room has a beautiful view.
This room has a cozy atmosphere.
This room has a garden view.
This room has a hundred ruble entrance fee. Those who knock get a 100% discount.
This room has a king-size bed.
This room has a little bit more humidity.
This room has a private balcony.
This room has a sea view.
This room has a view of the ocean.
This room has a view of the parking lot.
This room has a view of the sea.
This room has air conditioning.
This room has an ocean view.
This room has curtains.
This room has fine ventilation.
This room has fine view of the mountain.
This room has no windows.
This room has space for fifty people.
This room has space for thirty people.
This room has three windows.
This room has two closets for clothes.
This room has two closets for clothing.
This room heats easily.
This room is a lot more spacious than mine.
This room is a mess.
This room is air-conditioned.
This room is anything but warm.
This room is assigned for chemistry experiments.
This room is awfully cold.
This room is big enough.
This room is capable of holding fifty persons.
This room is cleaned by Tom.
This room is cleaned by her.
This room is cold.
This room is comfortable.
This room is completely empty.
This room is cramped.
This room is dark and gloomy.
This room is dirty.
This room is empty.
This room is for VIPs.
This room is for individual use.
This room is for rent.
This room is frozen.
This room is full of bugs.
This room is full of sun.
This room is hot.
This room is isolated from the rest of the mosque.
This room is just about big enough.
This room is large enough.
This room is large.
This room is larger than mine.
This room is light and airy.
This room is my bedroom, and the other one is my office.
This room is noisy. The sound bounces right off the walls.
This room is not big.
This room is not suitable for sleeping.
This room is not very large.
This room is organized chaos.
This room is pleasant to work in.
This room is pretty much the way Tom left it.
This room is quiet.
This room is really snug.
This room is small.
This room is stuffy.
This room is the coldest in the house.
This room is too big.
This room is too dark.
This room is too hot for us to work in.
This room is too hot to study in. I can't stand it any more.
This room is too hot to study in. I can’t stand it any more.
This room is too hot.
This room is too small for us.
This room is too small to contain 50 men.
This room is too small.
This room is twelve feet by twenty-four feet.
This room is used as a kitchen.
This room is used by teachers.
This room is used for different purposes.
This room is used for various purposes.
This room is very cold.
This room is very cosy.
This room is very cozy.
This room is very hot.
This room is very large.
This room is very luxurious.
This room is very small, so it is impossible to put more furniture in it.
This room is very snug.
This room is very stuffy.
This room is very warm.
This room is well furnished.
This room isn't all that large.
This room isn't large enough.
This room isn't light. It is dark.
This room isn't so large.
This room isn't very big.
This room isn't very large.
This room looks like a pigsty.
This room measures 20' X 24'.
This room needs aired out.
This room needs to be aired out.
This room needs to be redecorated.
This room rents at 50 dollars a week.
This room seems to be better than mine.
This room seems to have already been cleaned.
This room seems to have no doors.
This room smells funny.
This room smells like Tom.
This room smells like sweaty feet. Open the window.
This room smells musty.
This room smells of gas.
This room smells terrible.
This room suits me well.
This room used to have different furniture.
This room was musty.
This room will do for large meetings.
This room will soon heat up.
This room's dark.
This room's location is great.
This room's orientation is great.
This room's pretty awesome, eh?
This room's really spacious!
This room's so small and hot that I'm suffocating.
This room's toilet is dirty.
This room's too small. We need a larger one.
This root is highly sought after for perfumes.
This root vegetable is high on nutrients.
This rope costs 200 yen a metre.
This rope costs 200 yen per meter.
This rope is 200 yen a meter.
This rope is firm.
This rope is not strong enough.
This rope is poorly attached.
This rope is really durable.
This rope is really strong.
This rope is strong, isn't it?
This rope is strong, isn’t it?
This rope is sturdy.
This rope is very slim.
This rope is very tough.
This rope is very weak.
This rope isn't long enough.
This rope isn't strong enough.
This rose does not smell so sweet as the one I bought the other day.
This rose has a white bloom.
This rose is beautiful.
This rose is for you.
This rose is very beautiful.
This rose smells so sweet.
This rose smells sweet.
This round is on me.
This round of vaccines probably will not mean the end of the coronavirus.
This route is impassable. I checked it!
This route is shorter than that one.
This route will lead you to the station.
This route will take you to the station.
This rubber in the shape of a dinosaur is really cute.
This rug has a nice pattern.
This rug has been cleaned.
This rug has been woven by mother.
This rug is 100% silk.
This rug is gigantic and can cover the whole surface.
This rug is handmade.
This rug is large enough to cover the whole floor.
This rug is too long.
This rug was made without the use of child labor.
This rule allows no exception.
This rule applies to all cases.
This rule applies to any case.
This rule applies to you as well.
This rule applies to you, too.
This rule can be applied to any case.
This rule can be read in two different ways.
This rule can't be applied to every situation.
This rule can't be applied to that case.
This rule cannot be applied in every case.
This rule cannot be applied to every case.
This rule cannot be applied to that case.
This rule cannot be applied to you.
This rule can’t be applied to every situation.
This rule does not apply in all cases.
This rule does not apply to the case.
This rule does not apply.
This rule doesn't always apply.
This rule doesn't apply to emergencies.
This rule doesn't apply to every case.
This rule doesn't apply to first-year students.
This rule doesn't apply to you.
This rule doesn’t apply to emergencies.
This rule doesn’t apply to every case.
This rule doesn’t apply to first-year students.
This rule has no application to the case.
This rule has no exception.
This rule has no exceptions.
This rule holds good at all times.
This rule holds good in every case.
This rule in Russian requires following another five rules.
This rule is applied to all cases.
This rule is applied to foreigners only.
This rule is not always applicable.
This rule is often ignored.
This rule is so inhumane.
This rule isn't always applicable.
This rule isn't suited to the present situation.
This rule isn’t suited to the present situation.
This rule needs to be changed.
This rule reads several ways.
This rule should be followed.
This rule will obviously remain in place until the politicians win people's trust.
This ruler has the scale in millimeters.
This rumor is completely unfounded.
This run of good luck won't last forever.
This rust hole has to be repaired for safety reasons.
This sad song would kill the mood.
This sad song would ruin the mood.
This sad story had a tragic ending.
This sad story was written at a time when Tom was in exile.
This sad summer is even sadder without you.
This saddens me deeply.
This safe is for keeping valuables.
This safe is idiot-proof.
This safety belt will keep you from falling off.
This said, / I ceased, and Helenus with slaughtered kine / implores the god, and from his sacred head / unbinds the wreath, and leads me to the shrine, / awed by Apollo's power, and chants the doom divine:
This sailing ship has three masts.
This sailing ship is a three-master.
This sailing ship's got three masts.
This salad could use some salt.
This salad dressing is homemade.
This salad has a lemon taste.
This salad is not sour enough.
This salad is really good.
This salad is so good.
This salad tastes like lemon.
This salad tastes of lemon.
This sales guy acts like a vulture.
This salve will act as a protective film over the burn.
This same guy calls into the show every week.
This sanction goes much further.
This sandpiper is solitary in habits and shows a preference for the alpine lakes of the Hudsonian Zone.
This sandwich gave Ziri food poisoning.
This sandwich has multiple levels and a final boss.
This sandwich is delicious because of the bread.
This sandwich is delicious.
This sandwich is good.
This sandwich isn't too bad.
This sangza is really good!
This sanza is really good!
This sarcasm is custom-tailored for you.
This sauce is quite hot.
This saves time correcting everything later.
This savings box is so light that you can't even use it for muscle training.
This saying became popular overnight.
This saying suddenly became popular.
This says a lot already.
This scandal has severely damaged the public image of our company.
This scandal is beginning to resemble the size and the scale of Watergate.
This scandal will likely ruin your chances of being elected.
This scandal will not soon be forgotten.
This scandal will soon be well known.
This scandal won't be forgotten anytime soon.
This scanner can see through clothes.
This scared the life out of Ziri.
This scares foreign businesses off from investing in Algeria.
This scares the shit out of me.
This scarf feels soft and smooth.
This scarf feels soft.
This scarf is Jacqueline's.
This scarf is expensive, isn’t it?
This scarf was knitted by Mary.
This scene delights me.
This scene feels familiar to me.
This scene is disgusting. Fast-forward it.
This scene was not included in the final cut of the film.
This scene was stored in the back of your mind.
This scenery carries me back to my old native town.
This scenery is magnificent.
This scenery is picturesque.
This scenery is worth stopping for.
This scheme is clumsy production wise.
This scholar studies ancient manuscripts.
This school has a really good football team.
This school has a really good soccer team.
This school has a zero tolerance policy.
This school has a zero-tolerance policy.
This school has many pupils.
This school has many students.
This school has more girls than boys.
This school has no heating.
This school has several foreigners on the roll.
This school is cool; it's full of girls.
This school is now coeducational.
This school is ours.
This school is the flagship of the university.
This school needs a new principal.
This school offers English, French and Spanish courses.
This school provides pupils with textbooks.
This school sets high moral standards for pupils.
This school should be named after you.
This school supplies students with textbooks.
This school supplies textbooks to its students.
This school was built by the French in the end of 30s.
This school was built in 2013.
This school was founded in 1650.
This school was founded in 1970.
This school was founded in 2013.
This school was recommended to me by someone I asked to help me with the visa application process.
This school's reputation was damaged due to Tom's stupidity.
This science fiction story seems interesting. Will you lend it to me when you have finished reading it?
This science is too opinionated to be real!
This science-fiction novel is very interesting.
This scientific article reads like a novel.
This scientific assessment monitors the progress of the Montreal Protocol, a global agreement reached in 1987 and put into place in 1989, intended to protect the Earth’s ozone layer by phasing out the chemicals that deplete it, often used as propellants in household products or in air conditioning.
This scientific theory is consistent with the Quran.
This scientific theory is controversial.
This scientific theory is very controversial.
This scientist occupies herself with a matter that concerns all of us.
This score is unacceptable.
This scorpion is big.
This scoundrel is the scum of humanity.
This scratch on the windshield goes all the way across.
This scratched windshield looks ugly.
This scratches an itch in my brain I didn't even know I had.
This scrawl is barely legible.
This screen has thin bezels.
This screen has wide bezels.
This screw has come loose.
This screw has to be screwed in anti-clockwise.
This screw is loose.
This screw is made in China.
This screwdriver is too small to be any use.
This sculpture is more than two thousand years old.
This sculpture is very valuable.
This sea lion can balance a ball on its nose.
This seal can balance a ball on his nose.
This seal can balance a ball on its nose.
This search engine is no good.
This search engine is really slow.
This search engine is terrible.
This season of Survivor! is starting off even better than I expected.
This season was pure fan service.
This seasoning has a bitter taste.
This seasoning is so versatile that you can put it on anything.
This seat can be adjusted.
This seat has a clear view of the stage.
This seat is free.
This seat is taken.
This seat isn't taken.
This seat's free.
This seat's way too small. It makes my butt hurt. Don't you have another bicycle I can ride?
This seat, it's real leather, isn't it? It would be a disaster if some slip-up gets it dirtied.
This seat, it’s real leather, isn’t it? It would be a disaster if some slip-up gets it dirtied.
This secret must stay between us.
This secret will die with me.
This secret will stay between us.
This section is empty; there is nothing in it and nothing is written in it.
This section of the library is closed to the public.
This section of the motorway is to be widened to three lanes.
This section of the river has several islets.
This section of the road is flat.
This section of the road is level.
This section of your dissertation has to be rewritten.
This sector is so important in Algeria.
This sector receives huge subsidies from the Algerian government.
This security system allows us to trace employees movements anywhere they go.
This seemed impossible.
This seemed to be the best solution.
This seemed to do the trick.
This seemed to surprise Tom.
This seems a bit off.
This seems a bit suspicious, don't you think?
This seems absurd, but is really a problem.
This seems better than that.
This seems contradictory.
This seems deceptively simple.
This seems entirely accurate.
This seems excessive.
This seems expensive, but it's so durable it will pay off in the long run.
This seems expensive, but it’s so durable it will pay in the long run.
This seems fair.
This seems familiar.
This seems good to me.
This seems illogical.
This seems important.
This seems improbable.
This seems inefficient.
This seems kind of expensive.
This seems like a bit of an anachronism.
This seems like a good idea to me.
This seems like a good place to pitch a tent.
This seems like a good spot.
This seems like harassment.
This seems like something out of a movie, doesn't it?
This seems logical to me.
This seems odd to me.
This seems pretty good.
This seems really silly.
This seems revolutionary.
This seems risky.
This seems sketchy.
This seems strange, he never was like that.
This seems stupid.
This seems suspicious to me.
This seems the most reasonable solution.
This seems to be a busy place.
This seems to be a pretty busy place.
This seems to be a pretty nice place.
This seems to be a recurring problem.
This seems to be broken.
This seems to be defective.
This seems to be some kind of mistake.
This seems to be the best one.
This seems to be the crux of the whole matter.
This seems to be true.
This seems to be what we're looking for.
This seems to help.
This seems to me to be a classic case of infidelity.
This seems too difficult.
This seems too easy.
This seems too good to be true.
This seems too hard.
This seems unfair.
This seems unique.
This seems unlikely.
This seems very complicated to me.
This seems very complicated.
This seems very difficult!
This seems very expensive to me.
This seems very strange to me.
This seems wrong to me. I would never write it this way.
This seems wrong.
This sees English as a system obeying miles of grammar and sentence structure which have to be learned in detail and applied rigorously.
This segment is brought to you by the Ford Motor Company.
This segment of the audio contains too much background noise.
This self-centered incompetent asshole can go shove his algorithms up his ass and leave linguists alone do their job properly.
This sellotape doesn't stick.
This sellotape is no good – it keeps coming off.
This sellotape isn't sticky.
This semester I failed two students for plagiarism.
This semester is important.
This semester, I'll be taking a course in advanced Arabic.
This seminar deals with the development of Japanese literature since the middle of the 18th century.
This seminar will target senior marketing leaders from Japanese firms.
This senate candidate also plays World of Warcraft.
This sends a bad message.
This senior is exceptionally kind.
This sensation is great.
This sent Ziri into tears.
This sentence actually comes from Spanish.
This sentence allows for multiple interpretations that I had to consider when translating.
This sentence allows for multiple interpretations that I need to consider when translating.
This sentence already exists.
This sentence can basically mean anything.
This sentence can be interpreted in two ways.
This sentence can be translated in several ways.
This sentence can be translated into Arabic in many ways.
This sentence can gaze into your soul.
This sentence cannot be real.
This sentence captures beautifully the very essence of our world's ways.
This sentence comprises exactly forty-four letters.
This sentence comprises of exactly eighty-seven characters, and so do its translations.
This sentence consists of seven words.
This sentence consists of six words.
This sentence contained an error and therefore had to be deleted.
This sentence contains a comma splice. Replacing the comma with a period or a semicolon would fix the problem.
This sentence contains a participle.
This sentence contains an error.
This sentence contains exactly six words.
This sentence contains five words.
This sentence contains several mistakes.
This sentence could very well be unique, given the exponential rise in possible word combinations as a sentence is made longer.
This sentence does not belong to me.
This sentence doesn't exist yet on tatoeba.org.
This sentence doesn't exist.
This sentence doesn't make sense.
This sentence doesn't mean anything.
This sentence doesn't necessarily reflect my opinion.
This sentence doesn’t make sense.
This sentence doesn’t mean anything.
This sentence employs two a's, two c's, two d's, twenty-eight e's, five f's, three g's, eight h's, eleven i's, three l's, two m's, thirteen n's, nine o's, two p's, five r's, twenty-five s's, twenty-three t's, six v's, ten w's, two x's, five y's, and one z.
This sentence ends with a question mark?
This sentence ends with an exclamation mark!
This sentence exemplifies the way in which the aforementioned expression has come to be completely divorced from its root.
This sentence feels a bit weird to me.
This sentence had the wrong flag.
This sentence has a loser's ring to it.
This sentence has a lot of redundant words.
This sentence has a mistake.
This sentence has a predicate but no subject.
This sentence has a sarcastic tone.
This sentence has a typo.
This sentence has been approved by Tom.
This sentence has been deleted because it was a duplicate.
This sentence has been deleted.
This sentence has eight syllables.
This sentence has eighty four characters in it, if you count punctuation and spaces.
This sentence has errors.
This sentence has five words.
This sentence has no authors.
This sentence has no meaning, and you know this well.
This sentence has no owner. You may adopt and change it, provided it will still match its direct translations, in which case you should warn the translators of your changes by commenting on their translations.
This sentence has no period.
This sentence has no translations whatsoever.
This sentence has not previously been added to the Tatoeba project.
This sentence has nothing to say.
This sentence has only one language.
This sentence has seven words in it.
This sentence has the ID #10061534.
This sentence has the wrong flag. It should be changed.
This sentence has to be deleted.
This sentence has to be proofed.
This sentence has various meanings.
This sentence has yet to be translated.
This sentence hasn't yet been translated.
This sentence includes several errors.
This sentence is - apart from a few small tweaks - a sentence that you can find on Tatoeba.
This sentence is a lie.
This sentence is a mere slap on the wrist.
This sentence is a mess. Was it written by a foreigner?
This sentence is a model of clarity.
This sentence is absolutely incomprehensible.
This sentence is ambiguous.
This sentence is boring.
This sentence is commonly used.
This sentence is composed of forty-five letters.
This sentence is composed of seven words.
This sentence is copyrighted, and you are not allowed to translate it.
This sentence is correct.
This sentence is currently designated as English. If you click the flag icon, you can choose the correct language. Google Translate thinks it's Turkish.
This sentence is cursed.
This sentence is egregiously wrong.
This sentence is false.
This sentence is falsely marked incorrect even though references were provided to a reputable academic authority that said it was correct.
This sentence is familiar to me.
This sentence is fine.
This sentence is funny.
This sentence is going to be translated.
This sentence is good.
This sentence is grammatically correct, but we wouldn't say it that way.
This sentence is grammatically correct.
This sentence is grammatically incorrect.
This sentence is in English.
This sentence is in Spanish when you're not looking.
This sentence is in the present perfect. 'have' is not a verb, but an auxiliary verb.
This sentence is in the present perfect. ’have’ is not a verb, but an auxiliary verb.
This sentence is in the present tense.
This sentence is incorrect.
This sentence is linguistically correct but that is not how we say it.
This sentence is mine alone, and no one is going to take it from me.
This sentence is mine.
This sentence is missing a comma.
This sentence is nonsense. It should be deleted.
This sentence is not French.
This sentence is not a sentence.
This sentence is not a translation. It's the original.
This sentence is not correct.
This sentence is not correct. There is a spelling mistake.
This sentence is not in English.
This sentence is not in French.
This sentence is not in Italian.
This sentence is not in Polish.
This sentence is not ungrammatical, but the same meaning can be expressed a bit more concisely.
This sentence is not yet on tatoeba.org.
This sentence is nothing more than a slap on the wrist.
This sentence is obsolete.
This sentence is only available with a Tatoeba Gold subscription.
This sentence is original and was not derived from translation.
This sentence is perfect.
This sentence is redundant.
This sentence is sad.
This sentence is so hard to say.
This sentence is so long.
This sentence is so uninteresting, no one will translate it.
This sentence is spam.
This sentence is sponsored by NordVPN.
This sentence is still ambiguous, even though it isn't long.
This sentence is taken.
This sentence is too difficult to translate.
This sentence is too long!
This sentence is too long.
This sentence is too short.
This sentence is true, but not provable.
This sentence is true.
This sentence is understandable and unintelligible at the same time.
This sentence is ungrammatical.
This sentence is unnatural.
This sentence is untranslatable.
This sentence is very annoying to translate.
This sentence is very difficult to translate.
This sentence is very easy to translate.
This sentence is very interesting.
This sentence is vulgar.
This sentence is written in German.
This sentence is wrong.
This sentence isn't French.
This sentence isn't German; it's Polish.
This sentence isn't a translation. It's the original.
This sentence isn't asking for anything.
This sentence isn't clear.
This sentence isn't in English.
This sentence isn't long and ambiguous.
This sentence isn't mine.
This sentence isn't useful for language learners.
This sentence isn't very interesting out of context.
This sentence isn't written clearly.
This sentence isn't wrong.
This sentence isn’t correct, is it?
This sentence isn’t very interesting out of context.
This sentence isn’t written clearly.
This sentence isn’t wrong.
This sentence kills fascists.
This sentence makes no sense at all.
This sentence makes no sense.
This sentence may be interpreted another way.
This sentence might be fine as a translation, but, with the best will in the world, I can't imagine that a native speaker would say it like that.
This sentence must be adopted.
This sentence needs a full stop.
This sentence needs a period.
This sentence needs more exclamation marks.
This sentence needs to be checked by a native speaker.
This sentence needs to be checked.
This sentence needs to be corrected.
This sentence no verb.
This sentence of death, which, they tell us, was thus passed upon Adam, must either have meant dying naturally, that is, ceasing to live, or have meant what these mythologists call damnation.
This sentence only comes in English.
This sentence really is bizarre.
This sentence refers to itself.
This sentence requires a full stop.
This sentence requires a period at the end.
This sentence requires a question mark at the end.
This sentence rhymes, I do this all the time.
This sentence seems awkward to me and perhaps is too much of a word-for-word translation of the German.
This sentence seems correct to me.
This sentence seems right to me.
This sentence seems to be as weird as it is famous.
This sentence seems to be correct, grammatically.
This sentence seems to be grammatically correct.
This sentence seems to be in very bad taste.
This sentence shall not be translated.
This sentence should be in a good place, if I added it as is in Tatoeba. With your permission ! Since it contains the state of annexation, so "disabling", which has become problematic for writing.
This sentence should not be translated by anyone.
This sentence should not be translated.
This sentence smacks of Google Translate.
This sentence sounds good and is grammatically correct.
This sentence sounds natural, but it's not grammatically correct.
This sentence sounds unnatural to me as an American.
This sentence states exactly how the writer feels.
This sentence translates very easily.
This sentence was added by a native speaker.
This sentence was born from indecisiveness and ensuing boredom.
This sentence was deleted.
This sentence was initially added as a translation of another sentence.
This sentence was never translated.
This sentence was so difficult.
This sentence will be deleted because it violates the terms of this community. Thank you for understanding.
This sentence will be erased immediately.
This sentence will be translated.
This sentence will have to be deleted.
This sentence will never be translated.
This sentence will self-destruct in five seconds.
This sentence wouldn't be funny if not for irony.
This sentence's preantepenultimate word is “preantepenultimate”.
This series is amazing.
This series of articles examines the development of German literature since the mid 19th century.
This series of books comprises forty-eight volumes.
This series of buildings looks like an ancient home for kings. Huge rounded and box-like buildings have windows in the shape of circles and triangles. The structure is surrounded by water. From a distance, it appears to float on a lake. Kahn spent the last twelve years of his life on the project. It was completed in nineteen eighty-three, nine years after his death. Because of Kahn, experts say, one of the poorest countries in the world has one of the most beautiful public buildings on Earth.
This series will be remembered for a long time to come.
This server chassis is meant to be slotted into a rack to save space.
This server is available only through our VPN.
This serves no useful purpose.
This serves the purpose.
This serves to show how honest she is.
This service is free.
This service is temporarily out of order.
This set Fadil into a state of frenzy.
This set Sami into a state of frenzy.
This sets a dangerous precedent.
This setting can be changed later.
This sewage outlet is no longer in use.
This shaft links with a piston.
This sham election is a disgrace to democracy.
This shampoo comes with a nice hair brush.
This shampoo is supposedly for dandruff.
This shampoo makes my hair shiny.
This shave is not perfect.
This shaving cream irritates my skin.
This shaving foam irritates my skin.
This she stubbornly refuses to believe.
This shed was built in 2013.
This sheet explains the philosophy I follow.
This sheet is light.
This sheet music is very difficult to sight read.
This sheet of glass has a crack.
This ship can reach extremely high speeds.
This ship has arrived in Shanghai after a six-week journey from Algiers.
This ship is bound for Vancouver.
This ship is driven by steam.
This ship is like a house.
This ship is not fit for an ocean voyage.
This ship is outfitted with a windlass to heave up the anchor.
This ship is sinking.
This ship is so impressive.
This ship is steam-powered.
This ship is too big to pass through the canal.
This ship needs a captain.
This ship needs a new captain.
This ship was decommissioned in 1960.
This ship was supposed to sail back and forth across the Bay of Algiers.
This ship was ten meters long.
This ship will sail for England around evening.
This shirt cost thirty dollars.
This shirt costs more than fifty dollars.
This shirt costs ten dollars.
This shirt costs twelve pounds.
This shirt does not fit me well. Is too big.
This shirt does not fit me well. It is too big.
This shirt doesn't fit anymore.
This shirt doesn't fit me anymore.
This shirt doesn't fit me round the neck.
This shirt doesn't fit me.
This shirt doesn't go with that tie at all.
This shirt doesn't go with that tie.
This shirt doesn't go with the trousers.
This shirt doesn't go with those trousers.
This shirt doesn't have a price tag on it.
This shirt doesn't match that tie.
This shirt doesn't match the tie.
This shirt doesn't match those trousers.
This shirt doesn’t fit me anymore.
This shirt doesn’t fit me round the neck.
This shirt doesn’t go with that tie at all.
This shirt fits me perfectly.
This shirt has blood on it.
This shirt has long sleeves.
This shirt is 100% cotton.
This shirt is 100% polyester.
This shirt is a little bit large.
This shirt is a little bit loose.
This shirt is cheaper than that one.
This shirt is clean.
This shirt is filthy. Wash it after school.
This shirt is the cheapest of all.
This shirt is the cheapest of the lot.
This shirt is the standard size.
This shirt is too big for me.
This shirt is too small for me to wear.
This shirt is too small for me.
This shirt isn't clean.
This shirt isn't my size.
This shirt isn't the same as that one. The buttons are different.
This shirt looks good on you.
This shirt looks great.
This shirt looks old-fashioned.
This shirt means a lot to me.
This shirt must be ironed.
This shirt must go to the laundry.
This shirt needs ironing.
This shirt needs to be ironed.
This shirt needs to be washed.
This shirt needs to go to the laundry.
This shirt needs washing.
This shirt ought to fit you.
This shirt really needs ironing.
This shirt really needs to be ironed.
This shirt really suits you.
This shirt should fit you.
This shirt suits you well.
This shirt wants washing.
This shirt would look good on you with a purple tie.
This shirt's got to be ironed.
This shirt's too big for me. Do you have anything smaller?
This shit ain't nothing to me, man.
This shocked Tom.
This shoe fits me well.
This shoe is a size bigger.
This shoe is too small for me.
This shop belongs to me.
This shop can supply all your requirements.
This shop carries men's clothing.
This shop carries men’s clothing.
This shop closes at nine.
This shop deals in women's clothing.
This shop deals in women’s clothing.
This shop does not sell women's clothing.
This shop has a lot of foreign-language magazines.
This shop has a lot of special offers.
This shop has a much wider selection.
This shop has all kinds of foreign-language magazines.
This shop has kitchen utensils.
This shop has more candy than that shop.
This shop is a rental video shop.
This shop is closed today.
This shop is far better stocked.
This shop is in a prime location.
This shop is just in front of the theatre.
This shop is narrow.
This shop is open all through the year.
This shop is open all year round.
This shop is open from 9 to 6 o'clock.
This shop is open from 9 to 6 o’clock.
This shop is open from 9am to 6pm.
This shop is open throughout the year.
This shop is the best one in town.
This shop is well located.
This shop isn't very big.
This shop opens at 8 a.m.
This shop sells a wide variety of flowers.
This shop sells anoraks.
This shop sells articles of all kinds.
This shop sells butter, cheese, sugar and various groceries.
This shop sells foodstuffs such as butter, cheese and sugar.
This shop sells old books.
This shop sells very good shoes.
This shop shuts at nine.
This shop shuts down at nine o'clock this evening.
This shop uses only recycled paper.
This shop will be closed from today.
This shop's apples are not big.
This shop's got a much wider selection.
This shopping district is the only high street in the local area; it stocks the whole line-up from products for daily life to school study equipment.
This short play is solely made up of two short scenes.
This shortcut leads you straight onto the beach.
This shot will help numb the pain.
This should be a lot of fun.
This should be a national secret.
This should be a no-brainer.
This should be an interesting movie.
This should be attempted.
This should be checked.
This should be clear to everyone.
This should be completely rewritten.
This should be corrected.
This should be done as soon as possible.
This should be done immediately.
This should be done right away.
This should be done right now.
This should be easy to install.
This should be easy.
This should be enough.
This should be fun.
This should be good!
This should be good.
This should be great.
This should be honored by Algeria.
This should be honored by the Algerian government.
This should be honored by the government of Algeria.
This should be illegal.
This should be interesting.
This should be more than enough.
This should be obvious, but apparently it's not.
This should be okay. Probably. Possibly. At least I hope so.
This should be one of Algeria's primary policy aims.
This should be one of our top priorities.
This should be outlawed.
This should be over very soon.
This should be plenty.
This should be pretty simple to understand.
This should be really interesting.
This should be reverted back to the original.
This should be split into two sentences.
This should be sufficient.
This should be taken as a serious warning.
This should be taught in schools.
This should be thrown out.
This should be useful to you.
This should be useful.
This should be washed.
This should be wrapped up as soon as possible.
This should becalm you.
This should become standard practice.
This should come in very handy.
This should do it.
This should do the trick.
This should do.
This should ease the pain.
This should fit you.
This should get interesting.
This should give Algeria more foreign currency reserves.
This should give us the advantage.
This should have been delivered an hour ago.
This should have been done a long time ago.
This should have never happened.
This should help.
This should keep Tom busy for a while.
This should keep you busy.
This should last for generations.
This should make Tom feel better.
This should make Tom happy.
This should never be allowed to happen again.
This should never be done anywhere.
This should never have happened.
This should not be allowed.
This should not be possible.
This should not be told but Tom is an alcoholic and he beats Mary, his wife.
This should not have happened.
This should not have occurred.
This should only take a few more minutes.
This should only take a second.
This should only take about an hour.
This should only take us about thirty more minutes.
This should only take us another thirty minutes or so.
This should push the two nations toward diplomatic rapprochement.
This should relieve the pain.
This should solve a lot of our problems.
This should solve all your problems.
This should stop Tom.
This should stop them.
This should surprise no one.
This should take about thirty minutes.
This should take care of the problem.
This should work.
This should've been done a long time ago.
This should've never happened.
This shouldn't be a big deal.
This shouldn't be all that hard to do.
This shouldn't be allowed.
This shouldn't be dragged out.
This shouldn't be happening.
This shouldn't be hard for us to figure out.
This shouldn't be hard.
This shouldn't be possible.
This shouldn't be repeated.
This shouldn't be so hard to do.
This shouldn't be so hard.
This shouldn't be taken lightly.
This shouldn't be this hard.
This shouldn't be too hard to do.
This shouldn't be too hard.
This shouldn't be very hard to do.
This shouldn't be your responsibility.
This shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone.
This shouldn't come as a surprise.
This shouldn't even be an issue.
This shouldn't exist.
This shouldn't happen.
This shouldn't have happened.
This shouldn't have occurred.
This shouldn't surprise anyone.
This shouldn't take long to cook.
This shouldn't take long.
This shouldn't take more than 30 minutes.
This shouldn't take much of your time.
This shouldn't take too long.
This shouldn't take too much more time.
This shouldn't take too much time, however.
This shouldn't take too much time.
This shouldn't take very long.
This shouting isn't helping anything.
This show has an animal as a main character.
This show has been recorded in front of a live studio audience.
This show has billions of viewers.
This show has ruined my life.
This show has six seasons.
This show has too much fan service.
This show horrifies me. I'm changing the channel.
This show is about monarchs, nobles, and peasants butchering each other for no real reason.
This show is actually pretty interesting.
This show is boring me, I'm changing channel.
This show is boring.
This show is cheesy.
This show is for girls.
This show is for teenagers.
This show is for women.
This show is hilarious.
This show is only airing in Algeria.
This show is so self-aware!
This show is stupid.
This show is taped in front of a live audience.
This show is terribly kitschy. But I'm into it!
This show is too racy for teenagers.
This show needs to come back.
This show will entertain you for many years to come.
This show's main character is a talking squirrel.
This shower drain is forty years old.
This shower is broken.
This shower is fed directly from the mains water pressure.
This shows his loyalty to his friends.
This shows that English isn't just for the British anymore.
This shows that English isn’t just for the British anymore.
This shows that happiness and sadness are only separated by attitude.
This shows that the central banks are not going to sit idly by and watch conditions deteriorate in the financial markets and the economy.
This shows that we're the most multicultural country in the world.
This shows they have listened to the needs of their clients.
This showy dress isn't appropriate for me.
This showy dress isn’t appropriate for me.
This shredder features a very high throughput rate.
This shrine is sacred to Jupiter.
This shrub has to go.
This shtetl is cursed.
This sick giraffe is at risk.
This sick giraffe will make a good meal for the hungry lions.
This sickened her of America, and she came back to live with a maiden aunt at Pinner, in Middlesex.
This side is summer's side, this side is winter's, and there is a bottle of water in the middle.
This side of the house catches the morning sun.
This side of the street is less well lit.
This side up!
This sidewalk is a lot narrower than the one across the road.
This sign says "do not feed the animals."
This sign says: "Don't feed the animals!"
This sign warns of falling rocks.
This sign warns of rockfalls.
This signal means "don't walk."
This signal means "don’t walk."
This silence can't be the prelude to anything good.
This silence feels like a chasm between us.
This silence is driving me crazy.
This silk feels smooth.
This silken vest here, green like the sea, reminds us that we spent three days under the ocean.
This silver brooch belonged to your grandmother.
This silver flask is better than that black one. It holds the heat better.
This silverware set has been in my family for generations.
This simmered dish has a bit of a strong taste, don't you think? It may just be that I prefer plainer foods though.
This simple maid, brought up in the fields, and ignorant even of the very name of love, could not have expressed what she felt, but her heart was heavy, and, despite herself, her eyes very often filled with tears.
This simple phrase has six words.
This simple sentence contains six words.
This simple test can predict your longevity.
This simplifies calculations.
This simplifies our task.
This simplifies the translation.
This singer does not have his own style.
This singer has a beautiful voice.
This singer has only had three hits.
This singer is an idol of the youth.
This singer is made too much of.
This singer is very popular in Kabylie.
This singer is very popular with young people.
This singer uses auto-tune to alter his voice.
This singer uses auto-tune.
This singer was made popular by his good looks.
This singer's genre of music is electronic.
This singer’s genre of music is electronic.
This single mother works two jobs just to be able to pay the rent and feed her children.
This single reflection will show that the doctrine of redemption is founded on a mere pecuniary idea corresponding to that of a debt which another person might pay.
This sink is dirty.
This sink is made of earthenware.
This sink is made of stainless steel.
This site contains content not suitable for persons under the age of 18.
This site contains sexually explicit material and is intended for adults only.
This site contains sexually explicit material and is intended solely for adults only!
This site doesn't moderate almost anything. Feel free to ignore people telling you to use the names Tom and Mary.
This site has a lack of transcriptions.
This site has many webpages.
This site is all about faggots.
This site is amazing!
This site is great!
This site is ideal for our house.
This site is in a toplist. If you found it interesting, please click!
This site is made by Bangladeshi developers.
This site is one of the most depressive sites I've ever been.
This site is quite useful.
This site is really good!
This site is really great!
This site is selling tails that move, but they're expensive.
This site is useful.
This site loads slowly.
This site needs a dark theme.
This site uses cookies.
This site would be much more active if it had moderation, with more good-quality users who aren't Nazis or edgelords.
This situation altered in the fifth century A.D., when a Chinese princess married the king of Khotan, an oasis north of the Plain of Tibet. When the princess left her native land and traveled west to her bridegroom, she carried, smuggled in her headdress, silkworm cocoons and the seeds of the mulberry tree on which they feed.
This situation brought him to the brink of despair.
This situation definitely took a toll on Ziri.
This situation doesn't make me happy.
This situation eventually wore Yanni down.
This situation has positive aspects.
This situation has to change.
This situation in Algeria is kind of unclear at the moment.
This situation is absurd, I can't understand how people haven't rebelled against these tyrants yet.
This situation is complicated.
This situation is funny.
This situation is intolerable.
This situation is irreversible.
This situation is no longer acceptable.
This situation is out of control.
This situation is rare.
This situation is stressful.
This situation is unacceptable.
This situation is very complicated.
This situation makes me sad, but I just don’t feel love anymore.
This situation requires immediate action.
This situation requires nice handling.
This situation seemed hopeless.
This situation seems to be a vicious circle.
This situation will take the shine off your reputation here.
This situation would suit Tom.
This situation, which you are experiencing right now, was prepared by you at some time in the past.
This size doesn't fit me.
This size doesn't fit.
This size doesn’t fit me.
This size font is hard to read.
This size is too large for me.
This size is too small for you.
This sketch is representative of Tom's style.
This sketchbook is not good for alcohol markers.
This ski wear keeps out the cold wind.
This skill really feels innate to me, even though I know it could probably be taught.
This skin care product claims that it can remove wrinkles.
This skirt costs two hundred dollars.
This skirt fits your style perfectly.
This skirt hangs nicely.
This skirt is a little too tight.
This skirt is amazing!
This skirt is amazing.
This skirt is cheap.
This skirt is inexpensive.
This skirt is long.
This skirt is not completely black but slightly bluish.
This skirt suits you.
This skit is very funny.
This skull and crossbones was named based on the world-famous Captain Kidd who was active in late 17th century Britain.
This slight improvement has to be set against an enormous increase in crime.
This slouched posture lowers your testosterone.
This slow Internet connection is really getting on my nerves.
This slum is growing like a weed.
This small Pacific island nation is threatened by climate change.
This small car's gearbox is underneath the engine.
This small device is a simplified version of the original.
This small house has a thatched roof.
This small neighborhood bookstore was forced out of business by Amazon.
This small town in Algeria will never be the same.
This small wound will heal itself.
This smart Mary improvised a leapword play, which was a much more efficient method to move inside sentences. This way she had already jumped over two of them, including a very high first one.
This smart pillow vibrates when you snore.
This smartphone has a camera.
This smartphone has two cameras.
This smartphone is made in Algeria.
This smartphone uses an ARM processor.
This smell disgusts me.
This smell is unbearable.
This smell might come from the oven!
This smells awful.
This smells bad, but it tastes good.
This smells bad, but it's delicious.
This smells burnt.
This smells good.
This smells great! What are you cooking?
This smells horrible.
This smells like cheese.
This smells like olive oil.
This smells like trouble.
This smells nice, right?
This smells really good.
This smells terrible.
This smells very, very good.
This smokestack is releasing greenhouse gases and other pollutants into the atmosphere.
This smoking pipe is made from briar root.
This snack doesn't taste good at all.
This snail species is cannibalistic.
This snake does not bite. You can touch it.
This snake is not venomous.
This snake is poisonous.
This snake isn't poisonous.
This snake isn't venomous.
This snake's venom is very potent.
This snow-flake grew larger and larger, till at last it became the figure of a woman, dressed in garments of white gauze, which looked like millions of starry snow-flakes linked together. She was fair and beautiful, but made of ice- shining and glittering ice. Still she was alive and her eyes sparkled like bright stars, but there was neither peace nor rest in their glance.
This so-called "evil" is something that is thought up by minds who do not understand the dark self.
This so-called circadian clock is a well-structured biological process, which helps keep our bodies healthy and working by regulating tasks such as sleeping, waking, hormone release, body temperature, and other important functions.
This so-called cure is not only useless, but is downright harmful and even dangerous.
This so-called “pink tax” follows a woman from the cradle to the grave.
This soap is causing eczema on my hands.
This soap is dirty.
This soap is easier to dissolve in water.
This soap is infused with natural fragrances.
This soap lathers up with water.
This soap makes a lot bubbles.
This soap smells like cherry blossom.
This soap smells like cherry blossoms.
This soap was delivered right to my mailbox.
This soap will improve her complexion.
This soccer match is full of energetic and splendid competition.
This social system needs changing.
This society has a large membership.
This sociopath is clearly lying.
This sock has a tomato.
This soda is flat.
This soda is less sweet than that.
This sofa can seat three people easily.
This sofa has too many cushions.
This sofa is comfortable to sleep on.
This sofa is in no way comfortable to sit in.
This sofa is made of hemp.
This sofa is not nice.
This sofa is too small.
This sofa is uncomfortable.
This sofa is very comfortable. Everyone who's sat on it loses the desire to get back up.
This sofa takes too much room.
This sofa takes up too much room.
This sofa takes up too much space.
This soft blanket is just right for babies.
This software carries out Markov Chain Monte Carlo calculations by the use of Gibbs Sampling.
This software is free as in free beer.
This software is free as in free speech.
This software is free of charge.
This software is free.
This software is libre.
This software is not compatible with the 64-bit version of Windows 7.
This software is not useful; delete it.
This software package has a suggested retail price of $99.
This soil has nutrients in it.
This soil is fertile.
This soil is moist.
This soil is rich in humus.
This soldier was awarded the Purple Heart.
This soldier won't fight.
This solid wood table has found a use as a desk.
This solid wood table is being used as a desk.
This solid wood table is used as a desk.
This solid wood table serves as a desk.
This solution is not the best, I know.
This solution is not workable in the long term.
This solution would replace a racist apartheid state with a democratic state for all its citizens.
This solves a lot of our problems.
This sombrero is really small.
This somehow made me feel better.
This son of Jewish immigrants had a tumor on his pituitary gland that caused his unusual growth.
This song always makes me think of my good old days.
This song always reminds me of my childhood.
This song always reminds me of my school days.
This song brings back memories.
This song brings back so many memories.
This song brings me back to my childhood.
This song brought me fame.
This song comes down to us from the tenth century.
This song contains degrading lyrics about women.
This song could become a hit.
This song got stuck in my head.
This song has a catchy melody.
This song has a nice beat.
This song has been on repeat for hours.
This song has been recorded by many singers.
This song hits hard.
This song is No. 1 on the hit chart.
This song is a banger.
This song is a blend of rock and electronic.
This song is a classic.
This song is a crowd-pleaser.
This song is a love song.
This song is a masterpiece.
This song is about me.
This song is absolutely groovy.
This song is beautiful and sad.
This song is beautiful when you sing it.
This song is beautiful.
This song is both sad and beautiful.
This song is called "Only You".
This song is catchy.
This song is degrading to women.
This song is easy to learn.
This song is familiar to me.
This song is familiar to us.
This song is fantastic.
This song is for you.
This song is great.
This song is in Berber.
This song is in French.
This song is known to everyone.
This song is liked by many people.
This song is lovely and sweet.
This song is nice.
This song is not loved by girls.
This song is number eleven in my top ten.
This song is one of the all-time greats.
This song is really cool.
This song is sad and beautiful.
This song is so moving that it brings tears to my eyes.
This song is stuck in my head.
This song is stupid.
This song is sung in Berber.
This song is super catchy.
This song is timeless.
This song is too beautiful.
This song is too repetitive.
This song is vastly underrated.
This song is very catchy.
This song is very nice.
This song is very popular in Japan.
This song is very touching.
This song is written with blood, and not with lead. It's not a song of a bird that's free. A people, between falling walls, sang this song with pistols in their hands.
This song makes me cry every time I listen to it.
This song makes me feel nostalgic.
This song makes me feel young and free.
This song makes me happy.
This song makes me homesick.
This song makes me nostalgic.
This song makes me think of when I was young.
This song makes me want to cry.
This song makes my day every time I listen to it.
This song might become a hit.
This song never gets old.
This song never goes out of style.
This song never should have been written.
This song reminds me of Tom.
This song reminds me of my childhood.
This song reminds me of my happy days.
This song reminds me of my home town.
This song reminds me of my hometown.
This song reminds me of my junior high school days.
This song reminds me of someone I used to know.
This song reminds me of someone.
This song reminds me of the girl I like.
This song reminds me of the good old days.
This song reminds me of when I used to live in Boston.
This song reminds me of young days.
This song resonates with me.
This song samples a bunch of old American funk records from the 70s using equipment from the 90s.
This song seemed appropriate.
This song seems familiar.
This song slaps, ngl.
This song slaps, not gonna lie.
This song sounds different every time.
This song sounds like one I heard a few minutes ago.
This song sounds sad.
This song sounds somewhat familiar.
This song speaks to me.
This song takes me to a different time when everything is peaceful and life is lived in black and white.
This song was mixed by Tom.
This song was one of their big hits.
This song was originally written in Berber.
This song was popular in the 1970s.
This song was very popular in the 1950s.
This song was written by Foster.
This song was written by Phil last year.
This song was written by Tom.
This song will do too?
This song's a real banger.
This song's great.
This song's in the key of G.
This song's name is "Only You".
This song’s name is "Only You".
This sorcerer is a wielder of great power.
This sort of music is not my cup of tea.
This sort of music is not to everyone's taste.
This sort of music is not to the taste of everybody.
This sort of music isn't my cup of tea.
This sort of racist incitement shouldn't be acceptable.
This sort of structure is called a double negative, but in effect it shows affirmation.
This sort of thing does happen.
This sort of thing doesn't happen very often.
This sort of thing doesn't happen where I come from.
This sort of thing doesn't usually happen.
This sort of thing happens all the time.
This sort of thing happens.
This sort of thing hardly ever happens.
This sort of thing has to stop.
This sort of thing just doesn't happen here.
This sort of thing only exists in Switzerland.
This sort of thing won't help.
This sort of thing, it's buying stuff that's fun. Whether you use it or not is secondary.
This sort of thing, it’s buying stuff that’s fun. Whether you use it or not is secondary.
This sort of tree is very common in our country.
This sort of work calls for a lot of patience.
This sort of work calls for great patience.
This sound does not exist in Berber.
This sound doesn't exist in Berber.
This sound is made by hornbills.
This sound may eventually drive you crazy.
This sound of danger lent me wings.
This sound will eventually drive you up a wall.
This soundbite was repeated all over the news.
This sounded quiet to me.
This sounds a little cliche.
This sounds about right.
This sounds familiar.
This sounds fishy.
This sounds funny, but there's a lot of truth in it.
This sounds good.
This sounds healthy.
This sounds interesting.
This sounds like French.
This sounds like a good idea.
This sounds like a job for Tom.
This sounds like a job for her.
This sounds like a job for him.
This sounds like a job for them.
This sounds like a job for us.
This sounds like a job for you.
This sounds like a scam.
This sounds like a trap.
This sounds like the plot of a Hollywood movie.
This sounds really nice.
This sounds reasonable.
This sounds ridiculous.
This sounds totally legit.
This sounds very interesting.
This soup doesn't taste very good.
This soup has no substance.
This soup is a bit bland. I think you should add a little more salt.
This soup is awful.
This soup is delicious, but I think its taste is too strong.
This soup is delicious.
This soup is exquisite.
This soup is extraordinary.
This soup is flavorless.
This soup is great.
This soup is horrible.
This soup is really delicious, isn't it?
This soup is really delicious, right?
This soup is really good.
This soup is really very good.
This soup is salty.
This soup is somehow bland. Maybe add more salt...?
This soup is super chunky.
This soup is sus.
This soup is too hot for me.
This soup is too salty to eat.
This soup is too salty.
This soup is too spicy for me.
This soup is too spicy.
This soup is too thin for me.
This soup is very simple to make.
This soup is very tasty.
This soup is watery.
This soup is wonderful!
This soup must be prepared in precise, scientific steps.
This soup needs a bit more salt.
This soup needs a touch of salt.
This soup needs just a touch of salt.
This soup needs more salt.
This soup needs something to eat it with.
This soup needs something to pick it up.
This soup smacks of fish.
This soup smells good.
This soup smells horrible. Do you think it's gone off?
This soup smells horrible. Do you think it’s gone off?
This soup sucks.
This soup tastes awful.
This soup tastes good.
This soup tastes like fish.
This soup tastes like shit.
This soup tastes of garlic.
This soup tastes of onions.
This soup tastes of wine.
This soup tastes really great.
This soup tastes terrible.
This soup wants a bit of salt.
This soup's too salty.
This source is dependable and predictable, but more research is still needed in this area.
This space is reserved for Tom.
This spacecraft is powered by ion thrusters.
This spaceship is humanity’s last hope.
This spaghetti is top-notch!
This sparked in him an interest in Islam.
This sparrow can't fly. Its wings are broken.
This sparrow fell from the nest.
This sparrow's wings are broken.
This speakeasy is controlled by the mob.
This special interest group is ready to tackle big issues.
This species has evolved resistance to the disease as a result of natural selection.
This species has never been documented.
This species holds the record for long-distance migration.
This species is cannibalistic.
This species is critically endangered.
This species is endangered.
This species of butterfly has already gone extinct.
This species of deer is so elusive that only two have ever been photographed in the wild.
This species of moth has evolved an ingenious camouflage for blending into its surroundings.
This speech by Ronald Reagan was made to commemorate the death of the astronauts in a space shuttle accident.
This speech is very good.
This speech is very important.
This speech threatens to be long.
This speed is insane.
This spelling seems familiar to me.
This spider can have a leg span of up 6 inches.
This spider has big sharp fangs.
This spider has huge fangs.
This spider has very large fangs.
This spider is a deadly animal.
This spider is extremely venomous.
This spider is here to catch insects.
This spider is incredibly aggressive.
This spider is pretty aggressive.
This spider is very common in Southern Africa.
This spider isn't going to hurt you.
This spider occurs in many parts of North Africa.
This spider rarely bites humans.
This splendid tour was worth all the money it cost.
This splinter is harder to remove.
This spoils all my plans.
This spoon is a soup spoon.
This spoon is a tablespoon.
This spoon is a teaspoon.
This spoon is for soup.
This spoon is for tea.
This spoon is made of copper.
This sport got more and more popular.
This sport has become more and more popular.
This sport has become more popular.
This sport has got more and more popular.
This sport is becoming more and more popular.
This sport requires helmets.
This sportscaster is fantastic!
This spring Marissa has conducted oral-history interviews with members of the collective Mujeres Mutantes, and additional research into collectives such as La Liga and St. Sucia.
This spring was in a dell, and the furze, brambles, junipers and thistles around it were so thick, that a real wolf might easily have chosen the spot as a lurking place.
This spring, I plan to start taking Mondays off.
This square is touching 1 mine, which must be that square.
This square was once considered to be the Europe's busiest square.
This square was once considered to be the Europe's busiest.
This squash smells like melon.
This squash tastes sour.
This squid is five quid.
This squirrel has a nut allergy.
This squirrel is afraid of heights.
This squirrel is allergic to nuts.
This squirrel is driving me crazy.
This squirrel is driving me nuts.
This squirrel is hibernating.
This squirrel is not shy.
This squirrel is shy.
This squirrel shall be henceforth known as "The Cute One."
This squirrel was like millions of others, but it became my friend, and now it's like no other in the world.
This squirrel will make a good dinner.
This stable contains twelve stalls.
This stadium will hold 50,000 people.
This stadium's facilities leave much to be desired.
This stage bogs down in a state of hopeless confusion.
This stain can't be removed.
This stain will never go out.
This stain won't come off.
This stain won't come out easily.
This stain won't come out.
This stain won’t come out.
This stamp will be a good addition to my collection.
This stance justifies several points of view.
This star cannot be seen by the naked eye.
This star is 7,500 light years away from us. What the image shows, therefore, is 7,500 years old.
This star is a symbol of my hope.
This star is five light years away.
This started a disagreement which turned into an argument.
This started out as a very passionate relationship.
This started to cause Yuri a lot of trouble.
This started to get weird.
This started when Ziri was a child.
This started.
This startled me.
This state is legendary.
This statement caused a flurry of criticism.
This statement has been repeatedly attributed to Schiller, though it does not occur in his works.
This statement is actually kind of suspicious.
This statement is also false.
This statement is completely false.
This statement is false as well.
This statement is false, too.
This statement is false, what were you thinking!
This statement is false: I go to the market because the car is broken.
This statement is ludicrous.
This statement is not a sentence.
This statement is not official.
This statement is only half true.
This statement is slanderous!
This statement is worth checking.
This statement is wrong.
This statement-of-purpose essay has no consistency in how the points are laid out and gives a distracted impression.
This station is an important hub in the local transport network.
This station plays good music.
This station's gas is good and cheap.
This statue belongs to Tom.
This statue belongs to her.
This statue belongs to him.
This statue belongs to me.
This statue belongs to them.
This statue belongs to us.
This statue dates from the sixteenth century.
This statue depicts Matoub Lounes, an iconic Algerian singer.
This statue is as large as life.
This statue is made of marble.
This statue is made of solid gold.
This statue is marble.
This statue is ugly.
This statue sucks.
This statue was carved from a single block of marble.
This statue was erected ten years ago.
This statuette is from Russia.
This stays between us, OK?
This stays between you and me.
This steak has a good smell.
This steak is as tough as shoe leather.
This steak is delicious.
This steak is overcooked.
This steak is overdone.
This steak is too tough.
This steak is very juicy.
This steak seems rare. I wonder if it was cooked long enough.
This steel bar must be tempered.
This steel is stainless.
This steel must not be tempered.
This steel should not be tempered.
This steep hill is a killer even for an athlete like Salas.
This steep hill is a killer.
This steep road puts a lot of strain on the engine.
This stemmed from my childhood.
This stemmed from your childhood.
This stew could use more salt.
This stew is a little too salty.
This stew is delicious.
This stew is very tasty.
This stew tastes a lot better than the way I make stew.
This stew tastes acrid.
This stew would taste better if you added some black pepper.
This sticky liquid can be substituted for glue.
This sticky liquid can be used as a glue.
This sticky liquid can be used as glue.
This sticky tape is no good – it keeps coming off.
This still applies to him.
This still creates some political uncertainty in Algeria.
This still has us scared to this day.
This still haunts Ziri to this day.
This still makes me cringe.
This still needs to be corrected.
This still needs to be straightened out.
This still seems to be working.
This still sends shivers down my spine when I think about it.
This still terrifies Gunter.
This stings a lot.
This stingy man always spends little money.
This stinks.
This stolen furniture makes you an accessory. You could go to jail.
This stomachache is unbearable.
This stone has a hole in the center.
This stone has a hole in the middle.
This stone is beautiful. Where did you find it?
This stone is cursed. If you touch it, you'll turn into a world-famous violinist, doomed to play at every party you go to, and without pay!
This stone is flat.
This stone is too heavy for me to move.
This stone is too heavy to lift.
This stone is twice as heavy as that one.
This stone was so heavy that I could not lift it.
This stone was too heavy for me to lift.
This stone weighs five tons.
This stone-dead guy had no friends.
This stool is made up of leather and wood.
This stool needs to be repaired.
This stopped Tom.
This stopper does not fit the bottle.
This store always closes at eight.
This store carries household equipment.
This store closes at nine in the evening.
This store closes at nine o'clock every night.
This store doesn't sell chain saws.
This store doesn't sell dogs.
This store doesn't sell women's clothing.
This store doesn't stay open as late as I'd like.
This store doesn’t stay open as late as I’d like.
This store enjoys a geographical advantage.
This store has a lot of good stuff.
This store has a lot of postcards.
This store has a variety of spices.
This store has a wide range of products.
This store has lots of great gifts.
This store has the best selection of hats in town.
This store hasn't raised prices in years.
This store here is open around the clock.
This store is cheaper than the one across the street.
This store is closed at nine.
This store is closed today.
This store is currently selling vegetables.
This store is in a prime location.
This store is open 365 days a year.
This store is open from 10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. every day.
This store is opened at eight.
This store is operated on a cash basis.
This store is too expensive.
This store isn't exactly in a prime location.
This store isn't very big.
This store may go out of business.
This store never closes.
This store offers a 15-day, no-questions-asked return policy.
This store opens at 8 o'clock.
This store opens at eight.
This store sells ceramics.
This store sells clothes and shoes for both men and women.
This store sells everything in bulk.
This store sells newspapers and magazines.
This store sells old books.
This store sells pottery.
This store sells used books.
This store sells vegetables.
This store sells vintage jewelry.
This store uses a water filter.
This store was built by Tom Jackson.
This store was built by Tom.
This store will no longer give plastic bags to its customers.
This store's hamburgers taste better than that one's.
This store's water is filtered.
This store’s hamburgers taste better than that one’s.
This storm is getting serious.
This storm is not dangerous. You don't need to worry.
This storm means the end of hot weather.
This storm will also pass.
This storm, too, shall pass.
This story I'm about to tell you, you're going to believe it's fake, but it's true.
This story appeared serially in the Asahi.
This story belongs clearly to no genre.
This story broke my heart.
This story can't be published.
This story can't be true.
This story cannot be true.
This story comes from Bejaia, in northeastern Algeria.
This story cost me a limb.
This story does not make sense!
This story doesn't have a happy ending.
This story features elves, dwarves and dragons.
This story had a happy ending.
This story happened four years ago.
This story happened over four years ago.
This story happened to Yanni four years ago on Valentine's Day.
This story happened to four of Ziri's friends.
This story has a copyright.
This story has a happy ending.
This story has a sad ending.
This story has an unhappy ending.
This story has been circulating the internet for years.
This story has changed me for life.
This story has infinite variations.
This story has no clearly defined genre.
This story has no continuation.
This story illustrates the nature of envy.
This story is Kafkaesque.
This story is a famous one that everyone knows.
This story is about Tom.
This story is about how heroes become villains.
This story is about me.
This story is about school bullying.
This story is absolutely terrific.
This story is absurd.
This story is as clear as mud.
This story is astonishing.
This story is based on a true story.
This story is based on actual events.
This story is based on facts.
This story is believed to be true.
This story is by far more interesting than that one.
This story is by far the most interesting of all.
This story is completely ridiculous.
This story is dead boring.
This story is especially interesting.
This story is exciting.
This story is far more interesting than that one.
This story is for adults, so children won't enjoy it.
This story is founded on fact.
This story is from Ziri.
This story is from my childhood.
This story is hilarious.
This story is in two parts.
This story is interesting, funny and even exciting.
This story is interesting, funny and even moving.
This story is making me very scared.
This story is new to me.
This story is old as the world.
This story is probably not true.
This story is rather monotonous.
This story is really scary.
This story is ridiculous.
This story is scary.
This story is scary. I'm scared.
This story is short enough to read in one lesson.
This story is too complex for children.
This story is too easy to translate.
This story is too predictable.
This story is too unbelievable to be true.
This story is touching.
This story is true.
This story is unbelievable.
This story is very famous; everyone knows it.
This story is very unbelievable.
This story is very weird.
This story is worth reading again.
This story is worth reading.
This story isn't believable.
This story killed me with laughter.
This story may be adaptable for a television program.
This story may be new to you.
This story may sound strange, but it's absolutely true.
This story may sound strange, but it’s absolutely true.
This story might sound unbelievable but it is true.
This story occurred last April.
This story occurred more than a decade ago.
This story remained in my mind and still sends chills down my spine.
This story reminded Thomas Keller of his first cooking disaster, many years before he ever thought of owning his own restaurant. A good part of Keller’s success seems to lie in his willingness to maximize the learning that can come from a screw-up.
This story says a lot about what has happened to America.
This story scared Ziri so much.
This story scares me!
This story sounds very unlikely to me.
This story still freaks Felix out.
This story still gives Felix the creeps.
This story takes place in Algeria.
This story takes place in southeast Algeria.
This story takes place when Ziri was just fourteen.
This story takes places in the mountains of Kabylie, Algeria.
This story tells me something.
This story tells us an interesting fact.
This story tells us that youth is instructed by nothing so much as an example.
This story took place in April of last year.
This story took place just five weeks ago.
This story took place when Ziri was just fourteen.
This story was inspired by true events.
This story was originally written in French.
This story was told to me by Yanni.
This story was written by a friend of mine.
This story was written by my friend.
This story will do for a novel.
This story you're telling is unbelievable.
This story's worth reading.
This stove burns oil.
This stove is easy to use.
This stove uses kerosene.
This straight road will lead you to the post office.
This strange place seems like trouble.
This strategy is specific to that kind of operation.
This stratum goes right across the lake.
This stratum is waterproof.
This strawberry has gone bad.
This strawberry juice also contains bits of strawberries.
This strawberry tree fruit is a little bit yellow.
This stream feeds into the Mississippi River.
This stream is like a microcosm for studying the problems facing the wider ecosystem.
This stream runs dry every summer.
This streamer was banned for violating our community rules.
This street doesn't have any potholes yet.
This street doesn't yet have any potholes.
This street goes through the whole city.
This street has been renamed several times.
This street hasn't got any potholes yet.
This street is a cul-de-sac.
This street is broad.
This street is busy.
This street is clear of traffic at night.
This street is closed for transports of dangerous goods.
This street is dark.
This street is gritted when it's icy.
This street is in Paris.
This street is lined with maple trees.
This street is lined with trees.
This street is lively.
This street is long but narrow.
This street is named after the Cheka, the forerunner of the KGB.
This street is one kilometer long.
This street is one way.
This street is straight.
This street is very noisy.
This street is wide.
This street leads to the airfield.
This street leads to the airport.
This street leads to the theatre.
This street runs due north.
This street tom is missing part of his tail.
This street used to have another name.
This street was originally named Park Street.
This street was renamed in the mid-nineties.
This street will come alive with shoppers on Saturday.
This street will take you downtown.
This stretch of motorway has no speed limit.
This stretch of road is narrower.
This stretch of road is unsurfaced.
This stretch of road is very dangerous.
This stretch of the Autobahn has no speed limit.
This stretch of the motorway is to be extended to three lanes.
This stretch of the road is flat.
This string is strong.
This structure has stood for decades.
This student claimed authorship of an essay she clearly did not write.
This student has beautiful handwriting.
This student is American.
This student is an American.
This student is from Japan.
This student is in senior year.
This student is lazy.
This student is totally out-of-control.
This student isn't rich, he won a scholarship to study abroad.
This student put all others to shame by his industriousness.
This student says she had three exams this week and all of them have been canceled. The student says she does not know when she will be able to take them.
This student wagged class three times in a row.
This student's books are new.
This student’s books are new.
This studio is not for sale.
This study compares the immigration policies of various nations.
This study foreshadows great changes in our system of education.
This study grant was given to me by the departmental council.
This study involved nearly 2,400 adults. Almost 11 percent of them identified themselves as regular aspirin users. Eye tests were performed after five, 10 and 15 years. The researchers found that aspirin takers had twice the risk of neovascular, or “wet,” AMD in comparison to non-regular aspirin users. The findings were reported in December 2012 in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
This study is my father's study.
This study is my father’s study.
This study may be flawed.
This study was funded by one of our competitors.
This study's findings were no surprise.
This stuff doesn't belong to me.
This stuff happens all the time.
This stuff has got to stop.
This stuff is amazing.
This stuff is disgusting.
This stuff is dynamite.
This stuff is going to hunt Mennad for the rest of his life.
This stuff is good.
This stuff is hard to get.
This stuff is interesting.
This stuff is none of my business.
This stuff is terrific.
This stuff is tough.
This stuff is worth its weight in gold!
This stuff isn't cool at all.
This stuff isn't for you.
This stuff kicks like a mule.
This stuff looks good.
This stuff makes me sick.
This stuff tastes awful.
This stuff works.
This stuff's awful.
This stuff's irreplaceable.
This stuff's radioactive.
This stuffed animal belongs to the little girl.
This stuffie is orange and a fox: two of my favorite things combined!
This stunned and simultaneously angered Ziri.
This stupid car won't start.
This style is much in vogue.
This style of cooking is peculiar to China.
This style of costume originated in Paris.
This style of hairdressing first appeared in the early 19th century.
This style of hat is now in fashion.
This style of pizza uses tomato sauce and is usually topped with traditional Greek favorites like kalamata olives, artichoke hearts and feta cheese.
This subject is extremely controversial.
This subject is just terrible.
This subject is not within the scope of our study.
This subject is off limits.
This subject is outside the scope of our inquiry.
This subject is taboo.
This subject is the most important.
This subject isn't available at the moment.
This subject often comes up in Proust.
This subject should be discussed in detail.
This submarine can dive more than a mile deep.
This submarine can operate in the most hostile conditions on the planet.
This substance conducts electricity well.
This substance is going from liquid to solid state.
This substance is in gaseous state.
This substance is in liquid state.
This substance is in solid state.
This substance is mostly composed of hydrogen and oxygen.
This substance is not poisonous in itself.
This substance is undergoing a transition from a gaseous to a liquid state.
This substance is very nutritious for soil.
This substance needs to be handled with care.
This substance will mix with water.
This substitute can help wean you off heroin.
This sucks big time.
This sucks!
This sucks.
This suggested the idea that if the three colours could be so balanced that the light transmitted was colourless, it would be evidence of equivalence of intensity in the individual colours.
This suggests some new possibilities.
This suit does not fit me.
This suit doesn't fit him very well.
This suit fits you like a glove.
This suit fits you perfectly.
This suit gives Mennad an appropriate air of authority.
This suit is anything but cheap.
This suit is expensive.
This suit is fire-resistant.
This suit is tight on me.
This suit is too big for me.
This suit is too good for me.
This suit is wasted on me.
This suit isn't black.
This suit makes you look so thin.
This suit seems really expensive.
This suit seems very expensive.
This suit was on sale.
This suit's too thin for me.
This suitcase belongs to us.
This suitcase is 5 kg too heavy.
This suitcase is Tom's.
This suitcase is heavier than it looks.
This suitcase is heavy.
This suitcase is mine.
This suitcase is really heavy.
This suitcase is too big.
This suitcase is too heavy for me to carry.
This suitcase is too heavy for me.
This suitcase is too heavy for you.
This suitcase is very heavy.
This suitcase isn't as heavy as it looks.
This suitcase isn't mine.
This suitcase isn't yours. It's mine.
This suite is three times larger than my condominium.
This suits Tom best.
This suit’s too thin for me.
This sum of money won't go far.
This sum of money won’t go far.
This summary is too succinct; it needs further elaboration to make it understandable.
This summer I traveled all over Hokkaido by bike.
This summer I went on holiday to Scotland.
This summer I went on vacation in Scotland.
This summer I went to Nikko, and stayed overnight.
This summer I'm going to France.
This summer he traveled between Italy and France.
This summer is a scorcher.
This summer is awfully hot.
This summer is chilly.
This summer is cooler than usual.
This summer is extremely hot.
This summer is incredibly hot.
This summer is really hot!
This summer is really hot.
This summer is terribly hot.
This summer is the hottest we've had for thirty years.
This summer is unusually hot.
This summer it has rained very little.
This summer resort is no longer as popular as it used to be.
This summer the transfer market will be more exciting than ever.
This summer vacation, I went to the beach and climbed a mountain.
This summer was a very long and very hot one.
This summer was dry.
This summer we had an unusual amount of rain.
This summer we will travel together.
This summer we'll go to the mountains and to the sea.
This summer we’ll go to the mountains and to the sea.
This summer's day will be over all too soon!
This summer, I plan to read every book on these three shelves.
This summer, I put on four pounds.
This summer, I'm going backpacking in South America with some friends.
This summer, I'm going to France.
This summer, I'm going to Paris.
This summer, I'm going to visit Athens.
This summer, I'm heading for Algeria for a month and a half.
This summer, NASA’s Parker Solar Probe will launch to travel closer to the Sun, deeper into the solar atmosphere, than any mission before it.
This summer, Tom vegetated in his bed and watched movies.
This summer, it hasn't rained at all.
This summer, it's rained very little.
This summer, no scholarships were awarded to students who received one last year.
This summit offers stunning views of the surrounding landscape.
This sun is wonderful, isn't it?
This sunlight feels great.
This sunlight linked me through the ages to that past consciousness.
This sunny I-don't-know-if-it's-hot-or-cold day of the 22nd of May of 2025, I went walking several times to Tim Hortons café, from about 5 in the morning till after 10 at night. I enjoyed Scrambled Eggs with Potatoes and Sausage, an Earl Grey Tea with oat milk, an Iced Classic Lemonade, an Iced Coffee with oat milk, a Green Tea with oat milk, a Roast Beef Craveable Sandwich, and an expensive Habanero Chicken Bowl. At Starbucks café, I enjoyed a White Chocolate Macadamia Cream Cold Brew with oat milk. On the street, I passed by Joanne the Ukrainian-descent star-savvy wife of Rod the camping enthusiast. I saw Stella the regular Greek Starbucks customer come out of Kin's Farm Market with tomatoes and greens for making Greek Salad with feta cheese later. I joked that she might be making "moussaká"! At night, at Tim Hortons café, there was a Filipino family, my ex-neighbours. As for religion, my Syncretic inclination is mainly towards Animism and Buddhism, but I don't discount other belief systems. I visited the Roman Catholic church on St. Albans Road, and it was another confession day for the little boys and girls. The interior of the church is like a big clam! Near Bowcock Road, I gazed at the big Empress Tree, its purple blooms wilting. I visited Halal Meat & BBQ, across the street from Tim Hortons café. I admired the Western Asian, Central Asian, and Southern Asian foods on the shelves there—"fantasy brown country"! I was looking for dried apricots and halva.
This sunny day is perfect for the garden.
This supermarket delivers only on Saturday.
This supermarket is cheaper than the one I usually go to.
This supermarket is cheaper than where I usually go.
This supermarket is open 24 hours a day.
This supermarket sells organic products.
This supermarket stays open until midnight.
This superstition is still prevalent among them.
This superstition still lingers on among them.
This supposition is essentially correct.
This supposition, that the Earth is immobile, was completely untrue.
This sure beats being in school.
This sure is exciting.
This sure sounds familiar.
This sure tastes good!
This surface is rugged.
This surfer comes from California.
This surgeon can literally open your heart.
This surgery is producing a successful outcome.
This surname is French.
This surname is very common in your region.
This surprised Tom.
This surprised everyone except Mary, who had cleverly anticipated it.
This surprised many people.
This surveillance camera is our silent witness.
This survey doesn't take a long time to complete.
This survey is too long to finish quickly.
This sushi is seasoned with plenty of horse-radish.
This sushi restaurant has a conveyor belt that carries sushi.
This swallow has injured its wing.
This swallow's wings are broken.
This swan is black.
This sweater costs more than fifty dollars.
This sweater doesn't cost much. It's very cheap.
This sweater has a lot of pilling, doesn't it? Shall we buy a new one?
This sweater irritates my neck.
This sweater is all stretched out of shape.
This sweater is comfortable to take off and put on.
This sweater is made by hand.
This sweater is made of pure wool.
This sweater is too small for me.
This sweater is too tight for me.
This sweater is warm.
This sweater isn't expensive. It's really cheap.
This sweater seems like something Betty would love. It's just so "her"!
This sweater will stand washing.
This sweeper is awfully loud.
This sweet costs eighty cents.
This sweet little old lady turned out to be the head of a crime syndicate.
This sweet melody was tugging at his heartstrings.
This sweet potato is only half-baked and is still crunchy.
This sweet-scented roses I give to you.
This swimming pool has six lanes.
This swimming pool is heated in the winter.
This swimming pool is three meters deep.
This swimming pool is three metres deep.
This swimming suit is made of elastic material.
This swimsuit is on sale.
This sword endows you with great power.
This sword has a strange history.
This sword is a very powerful weapon.
This sword is heavier than I thought it would be.
This sword is in fair condition.
This sword is the only weapon in the world that can harm a dragon.
This sword is the only weapon in the world that can kill a dragon.
This swordfish is from Algeria.
This symbol is intended to alert the user to the presence of important operating and maintenance (servicing) instructions in the literature accompanying the console.
This symbol is intended to alert the user to the presence of uninsulated "dangerous voltage" within the product's enclosure that may be of sufficient magnitude to constitute a risk of electric shock to persons.
This symbol means that the answer is correct.
This symbol stands for strength and integrity.
This symphony is a real masterpiece.
This symphony is a real work of art.
This synagogue is a Gothic building.
This synthetic voice sounds very robotic.
This syringe is supplied with the repair kit.
This system has a built-in protection circuit.
This system has a safety lock.
This system has obvious defects.
This system has obvious shortcomings.
This system is bristling with defects and drawbacks.
This system is quite a bit less efficient.
This system needs changing.
This system needs to be changed.
This system of linear equations has exactly one solution.
This system of linear equations has infinitely many solutions.
This system will work well in nine cases out of ten.
This system worked well until the 1840s.
This system works.
This table accommodated six persons.
This table accommodates six people.
This table doesn't fit well here.
This table has a nice finish.
This table has a smooth surface.
This table is a priceless antique.
This table is at an angle.
This table is clean.
This table is expandable with this insert.
This table is expensive.
This table is fine except in one respect - it will not fit into my room.
This table is fine except in one respect - it won't fit into my room.
This table is fine except in one respect - it won’t fit into my room.
This table is for six people.
This table is handmade.
This table is heavy.
This table is here.
This table is in the way.
This table is just as good as that one.
This table is just as large as ours.
This table is made from reclaimed wood.
This table is made from wood.
This table is made of good oak.
This table is made of plastic.
This table is made of wood.
This table is made out of recycled wood.
This table is made out of salvaged wood.
This table is made out of wood.
This table is missing a corner.
This table is missing a leg.
This table is not good.
This table is rectangular.
This table is reserved.
This table is round.
This table is shaky. Make it stay firm.
This table is taken.
This table is the same as that one.
This table is too heavy to lift.
This table is too small for Meg.
This table is unusable since it is missing a leg.
This table is very heavy.
This table is white.
This table is wobbling.
This table is wonky.
This table is wooden.
This table isn't steady.
This table isn’t steady.
This table of comparison is out of date.
This table takes up too much space.
This table wobbles.
This table's larger.
This table's surface is smooth.
This tablecloth is dirty.
This tablecloth measures 5 feet by 3 feet.
This tablet is low weight but high price.
This tablet is made in Algeria.
This tablet is very expensive.
This tablet isn't doing what I tell it to do.
This tablet isn't doing what it's supposed to do.
This tablet isn't picking up on what I am saying.
This table’s surface is smooth.
This takes forever.
This takes from 2 to 3 minutes.
This takes me back a few years.
This takes my breath away.
This takes place in 2004, in Algeria.
This takes top priority.
This tale brings us to the end of the Middle Ages.
This tale has been told and retold for centuries.
This tale is a trip through infinite space.
This tale of our client's appeared to have an extraordinary effect upon Sherlock Holmes. He rose from his chair and paced about the room in uncontrollable excitement.
This talisman drives away evil spirits.
This talisman will protect you from evil spells and spirits.
This talk is about Islamophobia.
This talk is not about Islam.
This tall and thin young man had a spontaneous pneumothorax.
This tall man is Mr Smith.
This tangerine is delicious.
This tangle of roots allows the trees to handle the daily rise and fall of tides, which means that most mangroves get flooded at least twice per day. The roots also slow the movement of tidal waters, causing sediments to settle out of the water and build up the muddy bottom.
This tank can shoot on the move.
This tank has a capacity of thirty liters.
This tank holds thirty liters.
This tank holds thirty litres.
This tank is easy to command.
This tanker is bound for Kuwait.
This tap made from brushed steel has an integrated 1.3 megapixel webcam and a hygrometer.
This tape doesn't stick.
This tape doesn’t stick.
This tape isn't sticky.
This tape isn’t sticky.
This tape recorder cost 40,000 yen.
This tape recorder is not new.
This tape recorder isn't new.
This tape recorder wants repairing.
This tape recorder was 40,000 yen.
This tape recorder will make it easier for us to learn English.
This tape sticks well.
This task can be completed effortlessly.
This task is difficult for me.
This task is difficult.
This task is easy-peasy.
This task is far from simple.
This task is impossible for me to accomplish.
This task is labor-intensive.
This task is of the highest priority.
This task is simple.
This task is the icing on my cake.
This task is too difficult for me.
This task is too much for Tom.
This task is too much for him.
This task is too much for me.
This task requires dexterity.
This task took three hours.
This task was deadly tedious.
This task was incredibly boring.
This task was too tough for Tom.
This tastes a little like chicken, but it's actually rabbit.
This tastes a lot better than what I usually eat.
This tastes a lot better than what Tom usually cooks.
This tastes a lot better than what we ate last night.
This tastes awful.
This tastes bad.
This tastes bitter.
This tastes different.
This tastes good.
This tastes horrible.
This tastes just like chicken.
This tastes like bread, but it isn't.
This tastes like chicken.
This tastes like cod liver oil.
This tastes like cough syrup.
This tastes like crap.
This tastes like dishwater.
This tastes like passion fruit.
This tastes like salmon.
This tastes like shit.
This tastes like soap.
This tastes like something from the old country.
This tastes like styrofoam.
This tastes like tea.
This tastes like vanilla.
This tastes moldy.
This tastes of vanilla.
This tastes pretty good to me.
This tastes pretty good, doesn't it?
This tastes really awful.
This tastes really good!
This tastes really good.
This tastes really good. How did you make it?
This tastes really good. What's in it?
This tastes so much better than what Tom usually makes.
This tastes terrible.
This tastes very bad.
This tastes very good.
This tattoo is stupid.
This taught him a lesson.
This taught me a good lesson.
This tax comes into force from today.
This tax is applied to all private-sector enterprises.
This taxi only sits five people.
This tea has a pleasant taste.
This tea is called green tea.
This tea is good.
This tea is great.
This tea is hot.
This tea is piping hot.
This tea is really good.
This tea is really sweet.
This tea is sweet.
This tea is too bitter.
This tea is too hot to drink.
This tea is too hot.
This tea is too sweet for me.
This tea is too sweet.
This tea is very good.
This tea is very hot.
This tea is very nice.
This tea isn't sweet enough for me.
This tea parlor is immensely popular.
This tea smells good.
This tea smells nice.
This tea tasted better overseas.
This tea tastes good.
This tea tastes like coffee. How come?
This tea tastes nice.
This tea's got a nice taste.
This tea's hot.
This teacher always drags his class time, taking up the students' rest time, later he got reported, it felt amazing.
This teacher creeps me out and makes me feel very uncomfortable.
This teacher did a lot of damage to me.
This teacher did not do her job.
This teacher did not like me.
This teacher doesn't like children.
This teacher doesn't like his job.
This teacher goes by the name of "Pops."
This teacher has a thing for her.
This teacher has an irrational hate against me.
This teacher has messed up my life.
This teacher has some sort of interest in me.
This teacher is a bitch.
This teacher is a careless asshole and a cold-hearted monster.
This teacher is a careless asshole.
This teacher is a fucking bitch.
This teacher is amazing.
This teacher is arrogant and he's trying to put you down.
This teacher is boring.
This teacher is in charge of the third year class.
This teacher is interested in me.
This teacher is intimidating me.
This teacher is married.
This teacher is really annoying.
This teacher is really good.
This teacher is said to be popular with children.
This teacher is scary as fuck.
This teacher is so creepy.
This teacher is so weird.
This teacher likes a lot of his students.
This teacher makes me feel uncomfortable.
This teacher taught us science.
This teacher teaches foreign languages.
This teacher terrorizes children.
This teacher traumatized me.
This teacher was mean as hell.
This teacher was well liked by his students.
This teacher will find some way to get you in trouble.
This teaching method puts an emphasis on learning independently.
This teacup is almost translucent.
This teacup is made from fine bone china.
This teacup is tiny.
This teacup is translucent.
This team hasn't lost a game in three seasons.
This team is amazing.
This team is phenomenal.
This team is the best of all times.
This team is tough.
This team is trained by a good coach.
This team rocks!
This technical journal is above me.
This technique isn't easy to learn.
This technique will cost you a lot less money.
This technology has a great future.
This technology has been used for years in Algeria.
This technology has recently been developed.
This technology is an incredible thing!
This technology is called augmented reality.
This technology is driven by speech recognition software.
This technology will drastically lower the cost of solar energy.
This technology will open up a whole new avenue of research.
This technology will undoubtedly displace millions of jobs.
This teen movie is really stupid.
This teenage pop star has been described as androgynous.
This telephone doesn't work.
This telephone doesn’t work.
This telephone is connected to the fax machine.
This telephone is out of order.
This telescope has a very large mirror.
This telescope must be used carefully.
This telescope must be used with care.
This television is heavy.
This television is too big.
This television is very heavy.
This television program sent me off with sponsors.
This television set is heavy.
This television show - Melodifestivalen - selects the song that will represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest.
This tells you how efficiently energy has been used in this building over the last three accounting periods.
This tells you how much carbon dioxide the building emits.
This tells you technical information about how energy is used in this building.
This temple dates back to 780.
This temple dates from the 7th century.
This temple is famous for its cherry blossom.
This temple is famous for its cherry blossoms.
This temple is said to have been built over 500 years ago.
This temple was built by an ancient civilization.
This temporary password will no longer be valid in seven days.
This tendency is quite useful.
This tennis ball is covered with dog slobber.
This tent doesn't have a lot of headroom.
This tent is a mosque.
This tent is perfect for two people.
This term has fallen out of use.
This term is not found in the dictionary.
This term stems from ancient Kabyle.
This term, I'm studying Spanish.
This terrible monster was the Sphinx.
This terrified Tom.
This territory belongs to Algeria.
This territory is uncharted.
This terrorist knows very well that he's wanted in Algeria.
This test doesn't have a time limit.
This test doesn’t have a time limit.
This test has a catch.
This test has a high false-positive rate.
This test is extremely accurate.
This test is gonna change everything.
This test is important.
This test is so hard.
This test is too easy.
This test places you in the 90th percentile of the population.
This test suite is unstable.
This test will gauge your reading comprehension.
This text cannot be from God.
This text had a great impact on the social networks.
This text has an academic structure.
This text has no commas.
This text is aimed at beginners.
This text is all Greek to me!
This text is full of mistakes.
This text is full of translationese.
This text is hard to read.
This text is impossible to understand.
This text is incomprehensible.
This text is not a translated text.
This text is proofread by our regular proofreader. To ensure good quality, we also used a spell checker and a grammar checker.
This text is too easy to translate.
This text is worth translating.
This text isn't easy to translate.
This text reads like a word-for-word translation from the English.
This text requires no abridgement.
This textbook contains many errors.
This textbook has a lot of notes.
This textbook is a good introduction to Esperanto.
This textbook is designed for beginners.
This textbook is good.
This textbook is intended for foreign students.
This textbook is too hard for me.
This textbook is written in simple English.
This textbook is written in simple French.
This textbook uses a new method of teaching.
This textbook was written for technical specialists, but a bright layperson should be able to get the gist.
This textbook, having been printed in haste, has a lot of printing mistakes.
This textile is colorful.
This that why they don't say this?
This theater can hold three thousand people.
This theater has a seating capacity of 500.
This theater needs to hire more ushers.
This theater seats several hundred people.
This theater will hold three thousand people.
This theatre seats several hundred people.
This theme dominates throughout the book.
This theme should be treated in more detail.
This theory consists of three parts.
This theory holds in everything.
This theory is hard to understand.
This theory is scientifically controversial.
This theory is too difficult for me to comprehend.
This theory is true of Japan.
This theory is very controversial.
This theory originated with a twenty-eight-year-old physicist.
This theory was first proposed by this 28 years old physicist.
This theory was founded on a scientific basis.
This theory will bear examination.
This therapy is very complex.
This thin book contains experiences and methods carefully selected and finely honed.
This thin book is mine.
This thing can't be rushed; it needs long-term planning.
This thing has a safety feature built in, I'll bet.
This thing has the shape of a pear and the size of a fist.
This thing is alive.
This thing is an abomination to Astarte.
This thing is big.
This thing is completely useless to me.
This thing is easy to learn.
This thing is good.
This thing is hard.
This thing is important.
This thing is interesting to me.
This thing is much smaller than I hoped.
This thing is necessary to extirpate the evil of the world.
This thing is new.
This thing is nice.
This thing is not a bear. It is the corpse of a bear.
This thing is not a smoking device.
This thing is small.
This thing isn't alive.
This thing isn't over yet.
This thing isn't real.
This thing looks complicated.
This thing seems very plausible to me.
This thing smells good.
This thing terrifies me.
This thing was a large hyena.
This thing went on for a while.
This thing won't last long.
This thorn has gone in very deep.
This thorn is in really deep.
This thorn's gone in really deep.
This thought fascinated me.
This thought irritated her a bit.
This thought took complete possession of me, and suddenly I felt the ground give way beneath my feet.
This thought was by no means comforting.
This thought, that a man may forfeit his rights, is as essential to proper conceptions of civil government, and civil liberty, as the thought that a man has rights; for if there be no forfeiture of rights through crime, then all legal punishments are without foundation in justice; even the right of self-defense, individually and nationally, ceases to exist.
This thread is thinner than a human hair.
This thread isn't good.
This thread tangles easily.
This threatens Algeria's stability.
This threatens the economy of Algeria.
This threatens to foil our plans.
This threatens to obliterate all the progress we have made over the years.
This threatens to ruin our plans.
This threw Ziri off.
This throne is mine.
This thy stature is like to a palm tree, and thy breasts to clusters of grapes.
This ticket admits two persons.
This ticket admits up to four people into Disneyland.
This ticket allows two people to enter.
This ticket allows you to stop over at any station.
This ticket cost me three bucks.
This ticket cost me three dollars.
This ticket entitles the bearer to one chocolate ice cream.
This ticket entitles the bearer to one chocolate sundae.
This ticket entitles you to a free meal.
This ticket holds good for a month.
This ticket holds good only for two days after purchase.
This ticket is available for a whole year.
This ticket is good for one more week.
This ticket is good for three days.
This ticket is good for two weeks.
This ticket is made ​​out of paper.
This ticket is no longer valid.
This ticket is non-exchangeable and non-refundable.
This ticket is non-refundable.
This ticket is only valid for two days after purchase.
This ticket is paper.
This ticket is valid for a fortnight.
This ticket is valid for only three days.
This ticket is valid for only two days after its purchase.
This ticket is valid for three days.
This ticket is valid for three months.
This ticket is valid for two days after purchase.
This ticket is valid for two days only after the date of purchase.
This ticket is valid through October 20th.
This ticket is valid until October 20th.
This ticket is valid until October twentieth.
This ticket isn't valid.
This ticket lets two people in.
This ticket was expensive.
This ticket will admit two persons free.
This tie and that jacket go well together.
This tie costs twenty times more than your suit.
This tie does not tie well.
This tie doesn't go with my suit.
This tie doesn’t go with my suit.
This tie fits your shirt.
This tie goes very well with your shirt.
This tie goes well with that suit.
This tie goes well with the suit, I guess.
This tie goes well with the suit, I reckon.
This tie goes well with your shirt.
This tie goes with your shirt.
This tie has a more vibrant color and goes better with this suit.
This tie is not suitable for a situation like this.
This tie is too dear.
This tie is too expensive.
This tie is very expensive.
This tie is very out of fashion.
This tie isn't suitable for a situation like this.
This tie looks good on him.
This tie matches your suit.
This tie suits him well.
This timber is sustainably harvested.
This time Bob is likely to win.
This time I cannot go wrong.
This time I defeated you.
This time I didn't find it funny.
This time I got less.
This time I hadn't converted my money yet, so I needed to change Yen into Yuan.
This time I hadn’t converted my money yet, so I needed to change Yen into Yuan.
This time I need to do that by myself.
This time I really mean it.
This time I stayed for the first time in a private villa, and it was really quite something.
This time I was asked.
This time I was lucky.
This time I will not come back.
This time I will win.
This time I won't come back.
This time I won't do it.
This time I'll let it slide.
This time I'll paint the walls blue.
This time I'll pay.
This time I'll try it.
This time I'm going to win.
This time I'm going with you.
This time I'm inviting you.
This time I'm not going with you.
This time I'm not joking.
This time I'm paying.
This time I'm really scared.
This time I'm very optimistic.
This time I've outdone myself.
This time I’ll let it slide.
This time I’ll try it.
This time Tom and I are paying.
This time Tom and I are really scared.
This time Tom and I are very optimistic.
This time Tom and Mary are both right.
This time Tom and Mary are right.
This time Tom didn't want anything from me.
This time Tom is likely to win.
This time Tom is right.
This time Tom left a big mess after him.
This time Tom succeeded.
This time Tom wasn't alone.
This time Tom went too far.
This time both Tom and Mary are right.
This time could be different.
This time for certain.
This time for sure.
This time he dressed down, having realized that the smart suit would be out of place.
This time he got a bit of rest.
This time he has succeeded.
This time is different.
This time is going to be different.
This time is mine.
This time is no different.
This time it does not fail.
This time it has to work.
This time it seems as if Tom is telling the truth.
This time it seems as if he is telling the truth.
This time it went well.
This time it worked.
This time it's different.
This time it's full.
This time it's more serious than that.
This time it's my turn to pay.
This time it's serious.
This time it's you.
This time last year, I was in Australia.
This time let's go to a karaoke bar.
This time let's go to karaoke.
This time my goal is London.
This time my goal is Paris.
This time next year, Tom will be on a pension.
This time next year, we'll probably be busy studying.
This time of year always has a lot of rain.
This time of year is always busy.
This time of year is always cold.
This time of year is always hot.
This time of year is my favorite.
This time of year we experience a high fluctuation of insects in the house.
This time of year, many college and university graduates sit patiently through long graduation ceremonies, fanning themselves in the heat and waiting for the main event: a movie star, celebrity, politician or world leader to deliver words of wisdom.
This time of year, with the sun setting as quick as it is, we have to adjust the azimuth angle of our roof-top instruments daily so they remain in line with the sun and continue to collect accurate data.
This time of year, you don't see many people in this park.
This time one of the cats killed a dog, evening the score.
This time round, it was as if Najwa was unwilling to let her husband go.
This time she failed to make him laugh and seemed only to confuse him.
This time ten years ago, I was in a horrible state.
This time the case is closed.
This time the coffee turned out to be bitter.
This time the day after tomorrow, we'll be in Australia.
This time the fair's partner countries are Bangladesh and Nepal.
This time the matter got out of hand.
This time the scope of the test won't be so broad?
This time they asked me.
This time they put me in jail by mistake.
This time they rested a bit.
This time they've gone too far.
This time tomorrow I'll be studying in the library.
This time tomorrow I’ll be studying in the library.
This time tomorrow, I'll be back home.
This time tomorrow, I'll be flying over the Pacific Ocean.
This time tomorrow, I'll be in Boston.
This time tomorrow, we will be having breakfast in Athens.
This time tomorrow, we'll be in Boston.
This time tomorrow, we'll be in Kenya.
This time try to do it the way I suggested.
This time was a close call.
This time we have proof.
This time we won.
This time we'll win!
This time will be different.
This time you must go there.
This time you should do it by yourself.
This time you went overboard.
This time you went too far.
This time you were lucky.
This time you won't be alone.
This time you'll fail.
This time's going to be different.
This time, I can't help.
This time, I have a plan.
This time, I have nothing to lose.
This time, I know why this is happening.
This time, I really mean it.
This time, I think you're right.
This time, I will get less.
This time, I'll check, double-check and check again.
This time, I'll come with my sister.
This time, I'll try something new.
This time, I'm picking up the tab.
This time, I'm scared, too.
This time, I’ll check, double-check and check again.
This time, Layla's luck has run out.
This time, Lorenzo will go camping in the Blida Atlas.
This time, Tom disappointed me a lot.
This time, Tom had to wait for me.
This time, Tom has a special gift for you.
This time, Tom was wiser.
This time, Ziri and Rima heard the noise and stopped talking.
This time, Ziri has put his foot down.
This time, Ziri ignored the noise.
This time, although I'm more experienced, there's nobody waiting to meet me.
This time, although I’m more experienced, there’s nobody waiting to meet me.
This time, he got results.
This time, he's very ill.
This time, it looks like it is me who is wrong.
This time, it was James who screamed.
This time, it was different.
This time, it will be different.
This time, it'll be different.
This time, it's different.
This time, it's my round to settle.
This time, it's my turn to pay.
This time, our knowledge will be truly put to the test.
This time, so I don't run out of things to talk about, I'll write a list on the palm of my hand.
This time, so I don’t run out of things to talk about, I’ll write a list on the palm of my hand.
This time, something changed.
This time, the battle would be among diplomats.
This time, the exam was extremely difficult.
This time, the exam was not just difficult, but also, the questions were ambiguous.
This time, the horses are for sale.
This time, the meeting took place under the umbrella of no international format - neither Brussels, nor Moscow, nor Washington.
This time, the nuclear test failed.
This time, the nuclear test was a success.
This time, the payment is on me.
This time, the same as always, I crammed at the last minute.
This time, the sound was louder.
This time, things will be different.
This time, we'll win the football cup.
This time, we're going to Algeria.
This time, when he went into the hospital, he finally understood that one's health is really the most important thing of all.
This time, you are lucky.
This time, you won't avoid being punished.
This time, you won't avoid your punishment.
This time, you won't escape punishment.
This time, you'll have to fight.
This time, you're lucky.
This time, you've crossed the line!
This time, you've gone too far.
This timer is set to beep ten minutes from now.
This tipping business always makes us uneasy.
This tire doesn't have enough air in it.
This tire doesn’t have enough air in it.
This tire is losing air.
This tire is punctured.
This tire is quite worn.
This tire is showing wear.
This tire is worthless.
This tire needs some air.
This tissue has been irreversibly damaged.
This titanium bicycle made in Italy is incredibly lightweight.
This toast is not done enough.
This toilet flushes automatically.
This toilet has a flushometer.
This toilet is temporarily closed.
This toilet paper feels like sandpaper.
This toilet paper is like sandpaper.
This tomb is cursed.
This tomcat is gay.
This tome could snap my spine.
This tongue is extraordinarily difficult.
This too is not in doubt.
This too sometime we shall haply remember with delight.
This took a long time to do.
This took place around 2004.
This took place back when I was in high school.
This took place before Ziri woke up.
This took place during Ziri's winter break.
This took place in the middle of Kabylie, in Algeria.
This took place last weekend.
This took place on Halloween.
This took place on the following day.
This took place when William was roughly between forty and fifty years old.
This tool belongs to the man. Please, take it to him.
This tool has a rubber bottom.
This tool is completely useless.
This tool is good for nothing.
This tool is inexpensive and easy to use.
This tool is not a toy.
This tool is of great use.
This tool lends itself to many purposes.
This tool was invented by Tom.
This tool will certainly come in handy.
This tool will come in handy during the trip.
This tool, if used carelessly, can be very dangerous.
This tooth has a crown filling.
This tooth has a dowel crown.
This tooth has to have a filling.
This tooth hurts.
This tooth is a false tooth.
This tooth is an incisor.
This tooth is decayed.
This tooth is loose.
This tooth is wobbly.
This toothbrush is not used by my mother.
This toothbrush is too soft.
This top is cute.
This top is very cute.
This topic has already been hotly debated in the past, but no agreement was reached.
This topic is appealing to many.
This topic is closed.
This topic is controversial.
This topic is lame.
This topic is still controversial.
This topic is trending among teens and tweens on Twitter.
This topic is trending on Twitter.
This topic is very interesting.
This torch takes two batteries.
This tornado lasted an hour and forty minutes.
This touch is original with her.
This tour is going to be amazing!
This tour takes in each of the five main islands.
This tourist looks like Jesus.
This towel absorbs a little bit better.
This towel absorbs water a lot better.
This towel can hold more water.
This towel can last for up to four hundred washes.
This towel can last for years.
This towel cost 300 yen.
This towel feels a little bit softer.
This towel feels fluffy.
This towel feels fresh and fluffy.
This towel feels like sandpaper.
This towel feels moist.
This towel feels rough to the touch.
This towel feels rough.
This towel feels slippery.
This towel feels so fluffy.
This towel feels so soft.
This towel feels soft.
This towel feels sticky.
This towel feels very soft.
This towel has a bleach stain.
This towel has a flowery smell.
This towel has a mildew smell.
This towel has a nasty odor.
This towel has a nasty smell.
This towel has a strange odor.
This towel has a yucky smell.
This towel has an ivory color.
This towel has dark spots.
This towel has light spots.
This towel has printed patterns.
This towel has stronger fibers.
This towel has three tags on it.
This towel is 100% Egyptian cotton.
This towel is 100% cotton.
This towel is 100% pure linen.
This towel is absorbent.
This towel is absorbing.
This towel is as rough as sandpaper.
This towel is beautiful.
This towel is clean on this side and dirty on the other side.
This towel is clean.
This towel is dirty on this side.
This towel is dirty.
This towel is extra large.
This towel is fluffy.
This towel is from Algeria.
This towel is greasy.
This towel is harsh to the touch.
This towel is heavy.
This towel is lovely.
This towel is made in Algeria.
This towel is made of an environmentally friendly fabric.
This towel is made of microfiber cloth.
This towel is made of pure linen.
This towel is much easier to fold.
This towel is perfect.
This towel is pure white.
This towel is rough to the touch.
This towel is smelly.
This towel is so beautiful. It has printed patterns.
This towel is so soft and fluffy. It feels good!
This towel is so soft.
This towel is so warm.
This towel is sour.
This towel is stained.
This towel is sticky.
This towel is stiff.
This towel is still damp.
This towel is stinky.
This towel is super soft.
This towel is thick and heavy.
This towel is thick.
This towel is tightly rolled up.
This towel is too thin.
This towel is very absorbent.
This towel is very, very soft.
This towel is woven in Algeria.
This towel isn't as white as I want.
This towel isn't mine.
This towel looks disgusting.
This towel needs to be washed with high-quality detergent.
This towel needs washing.
This towel picks up dust very easily.
This towel rack weighs a ton and I need strong screws and wall anchors to install it.
This towel really absorbs water well.
This towel really soaks up water well.
This towel really stinks.
This towel really sucks up water well.
This towel smells amazing.
This towel smells amazingly fresh.
This towel smells disgusting.
This towel smells fresh.
This towel smells good.
This towel smells like you just washed it.
This towel smells moldy.
This towel smells new.
This towel smells of vomit.
This towel smells so gross.
This towel smells sour.
This towel smells yucky.
This towel smells.
This towel stinks!
This towel stinks.
This towel truly absorbs water well.
This towel truly soaks up water well.
This towel truly sucks up water well.
This tower commands a full view of the city.
This tower offers a view of the whole city.
This town ain't big enough for the both of us.
This town ain't big enough for the two of us.
This town boasts a large public library.
This town can be unsafe so please don't leave the hotel at night.
This town excels in waste separation.
This town gave birth to several great men.
This town gave to great men.
This town has a high crime rate.
This town has a high rate of unemployment.
This town has a high unemployment rate.
This town has a rich history.
This town has been washed away.
This town has narrow streets.
This town has strange traditions.
This town has two beaches.
This town has undergone a rapid change.
This town hasn't changed a bit since the 1970's.
This town hasn't changed much in the last ten years.
This town hasn’t changed much in the last ten years.
This town is 1,600 metres above sea level.
This town is a boring place to live.
This town is almost entirely Algerian.
This town is boring.
This town is colder than Algiers.
This town is cursed.
This town is dangerous, so make sure you stay near me at all times.
This town is dear to us.
This town is depressing.
This town is increasing in population.
This town is known for its music industry.
This town is pretty year-round.
This town is quite different from what it was ten years ago.
This town is really dead at night.
This town is so depressing.
This town is so small that you can easily learn everyone's names.
This town is surrounded by mountains.
This town is surrounded by walls.
This town is very quiet.
This town isn't as busy as it used to be.
This town isn't big enough for both of us.
This town isn't big enough for the both of us.
This town isn't big enough for the two of us.
This town isn't exactly known for its tolerance of gay people.
This town isn't large.
This town isn't lively.
This town isn’t lively.
This town needs a smith.
This town only has one grocery store.
This town still has a drive-in theater.
This town still retains something of the old days.
This town was named after my great-grandfather.
This town's cobblestone streets give it a very picturesque appearance.
This town's way of thinking is rotten.
This town’s way of thinking is rotten.
This toy car runs on batteries.
This toy costs a lot.
This toy is almost indestructible.
This toy is expensive.
This toy is for boys.
This toy is fun, but it is not suitable for children under five years old.
This toy is made of wood.
This toy isn't dangerous for children. It is safe.
This toy was in a capsule.
This track is a challenge for any mountain biker.
This track is a challenge for every mountain biker.
This track is an absolute banger.
This tractor was made in Algeria.
This tradition arose in China.
This tradition has been passed down from generation to generation.
This tradition is bullshit.
This tradition is followed in most households.
This tradition of adorning doors and walls with decorative wreaths dates back to the 7th century B.C. when wreaths made of tree branches were used to crown the winners of the Olympic games.
This tradition originates from China.
This tradition passes from father to son.
This tradition recently became part of our life.
This traffic jam is driving me crazy!
This traffic light isn't working.
This tragedy also had a silver lining.
This tragedy might have been preventable.
This trailer got a lot more dislikes than likes.
This trailer house is our temporary mosque.
This train calls at all stations to Wimbledon.
This train departs at nine o'clock sharp.
This train does not stop here.
This train doesn't stop here.
This train doesn't stop where we live.
This train gets to Chicago at 9 o'clock tonight.
This train gets to Chicago at 9 o’clock tonight.
This train has a surcharge of three euros.
This train has no luggage van.
This train has seven cars.
This train is bound for Boston.
This train is bound for New York.
This train is bound for Tokyo.
This train is bound for Zhongshan Park.
This train is comfortable.
This train is completely empty.
This train is crowded, so let's take the next one.
This train is fully automated.
This train is going to Budapest.
This train is going to London.
This train is going to Prague.
This train is going to Tokyo.
This train is made up of seven cars.
This train is moving very slowly.
This train is out of service and everyone must detrain now.
This train is seven cars long.
This train is the last train to the world's end.
This train is the last train to the world’s end.
This train is very old.
This train leaves at nine o'clock.
This train leaves at nine o’clock.
This train left Aomori thirty minutes late, so we won't arrive at Tokyo before noon, I'm afraid.
This train left Aomori thirty minutes late, so we won’t arrive at Tokyo before noon, I’m afraid.
This train line is about 45 minutes from one end of the line to the other.
This train makes connections with a ferry-boat at Takamatsu.
This train moves very slowly.
This train never comes on time.
This train only has three coaches.
This train rides very well.
This train runs between New York and Boston.
This train runs between Tokyo and Hakata.
This train runs between Tokyo and Osaka.
This train runs nonstop to Nagoya.
This train smells horrible.
This train stops at all stations.
This train stops at every station from Nakano on.
This train stops at every station.
This train terminates here. Please alight from the train.
This train ticket is non-exchangeable and non-refundable.
This train ticket is non-refundable.
This train will get you there in half the time.
This train will leave soon.
This traitor claims that he studied Berber in Algiers.
This tram crosses the big square, then goes up the High Street to the opera house.
This tram is an express tram. It doesn't stop at every stop.
This tramway connects the city centre with the railway station.
This transaction was carried out in yen, rather than US dollars.
This transformative experience showed me the incredible potential we possess.
This translation hasn't been reviewed yet.
This translation is accurate.
This translation is better than that one.
This translation is correct, but it is too literal.
This translation is correct.
This translation is difficult to read.
This translation is full of anachronisms.
This translation is impossible.
This translation is inaccurate.
This translation is incorrect and misleading.
This translation is incorrect.
This translation is misleading.
This translation is not correct.
This translation is not quite up to snuff.
This translation is not worth a red cent.
This translation is outright wrong.
This translation is very good.
This translation is wrong.
This translation isn't correct.
This translation may not be accurate.
This translation may not be completely accurate.
This translation raises a few questions.
This translation sounds a little stilted.
This transparent glass is orange.
This transparent liquid contains a kind of poison.
This transparent liquid contains poison.
This trap is easy to set.
This trap is easy to use.
This trash bag does not contain any dangerous chemicals.
This travel guide will change your impression of Algeria.
This treasure is fabulous.
This treasure is far more valuable than gold.
This treatment should be repeated daily until the acarus is destroyed and the animal has regained its normal condition.
This treaty ensures peace.
This tree bears a lot of fruit.
This tree bears a lot of good fruit.
This tree bears good peaches every year.
This tree bears no fruit.
This tree bears ugly fruits.
This tree can grow to fifty meters.
This tree does not bear fruit.
This tree doesn't provide shade.
This tree gives shade in summer.
This tree has a large canopy.
This tree has already been topped this summer.
This tree has already borne some good fruit.
This tree has already started producing medlars.
This tree has been standing for five decades.
This tree has many branches.
This tree has sweet fruits.
This tree is about 300 years old.
This tree is about as high as that one.
This tree is about as tall as that one.
This tree is an elm.
This tree is an evergreen.
This tree is approximately three hundred years old.
This tree is beautifully red.
This tree is bigger than all the others.
This tree is considered sacred by the local people.
This tree is crooked.
This tree is dead and needs to be cut down.
This tree is dead and should be cut down.
This tree is dead. It needs to be cut down.
This tree is dying.
This tree is full of thorns!
This tree is imposing.
This tree is more than a century old.
This tree is more than a hundred years old.
This tree is not even close to being the tallest in the parish.
This tree is older than I am.
This tree is older than that car.
This tree is older than that tree.
This tree is older than you are.
This tree is older than you.
This tree is one of those my father planted 30 years ago.
This tree is one of those planted by my father 30 years ago.
This tree is one of those that my father planted 30 years ago.
This tree is over 1,500 years old.
This tree is red and beautiful.
This tree is remarkable!
This tree is sacred.
This tree is tall, but that one is even taller.
This tree is tall.
This tree is the only one of its kind in the entire Western Hemisphere.
This tree is the only one of its kind in the whole of the Western Hemisphere.
This tree is the same age as that one.
This tree is the tallest and oldest in this forest.
This tree is three meters around.
This tree is too young to bear fruit.
This tree is very old.
This tree is very slippery.
This tree is very tall.
This tree looks dead.
This tree measures three meters around.
This tree produces a lot of big fruit in spring.
This tree produces good fruit.
This tree provides shade in summer.
This tree should be cut down.
This tree should be cut with an ax.
This tree should be cut.
This tree was carved into a tadpole.
This tree was planted by Tom's father.
This tree was planted by Tom's great-grandfather.
This tree was planted by Tom's great-grandmother.
This tree was planted by my father.
This tree was planted by my grandfather.
This tree will never bear fruit.
This tree will never blossom.
This tree's fruits aren't good.
This trend is something that we're currently studying.
This trial is guilty of wasting my time; the verdict is therefore guilty.
This tribe lives deep in the forest.
This triggered William's jealousy.
This triggers Santiago’s asthma.
This trip is costing us a lot of money.
This trip is purely for pleasure.
This trip of mine would need twelve days in total.
This trip ought to be fun.
This trip should be fun.
This trip was a success.
This trip was an unforgettable experience.
This trip was promised to him two years ago.
This trip was your idea.
This trip will become a pleasant memory.
This tropical island has beautiful white sand beaches lined with palm trees.
This tropical region receives an average annual rainfall of 1800mm.
This truck has a flat tire.
This truck has a maximum load of 5 tons.
This truck has a mechanical problem.
This truck has got a serious problem.
This truck has returned from Algeria.
This truck is hard to drive.
This truck is in need of repair.
This truck is leaking everywhere.
This truck is new.
This truck is not for sale.
This truck is second hand.
This truck is the only form of transport these villagers have.
This truck is very noisy.
This truck isn't designed for that.
This truck looks like a house on wheels.
This truck pours salt along the road so that the snow melts.
This truck puts salt on the road to melt the ice.
This truck scatters salt on the road to melt the snow.
This truck stop has a conjoined fast food restaurant.
This truck stop looks dangerous.
This truck transports fresh food from Aomori to Tokyo.
This truck was designed with the comfort of the driver in the mind.
This truck was made in Algeria in the 1980s.
This trunk contains old clothes.
This truth is both revealed and concealed, For the fly cannot be a confidant of the phoenix's tale.
This tube of resin is supplied with the repair kit.
This tube of resin isn't see-through.
This tumor is benign.
This tumour is benign.
This tune is quite familiar to us all.
This tune is really catchy.
This tunnel is twice as long as that one.
This tunnel must be the only way out.
This tunnel was once considered the world's longest.
This turkey is delicious.
This turkey tastes good.
This turkey will serve five.
This turnstile doesn't work.
This turtle is really old.
This type foundry has not existed for almost fifteen years.
This type of Kabyle dress is really outdated.
This type of activity could tire you out.
This type of behaviour could lead you to be fairly dismissed.
This type of blouse is beginning to be dated.
This type of bug will cover itself in its own foamy spittle while it feeds.
This type of bullseye is generally repairable.
This type of camera is now out of fashion.
This type of cat has no tail.
This type of comment has no place in therapy.
This type of concrete has never been used in Singapore.
This type of crime needs to be stopped.
This type of discrimination isn't very widespread in our country.
This type of garbage can be easily recycled.
This type of glass is the most beautiful, but it's also the least firm.
This type of melon is called cantaloupe.
This type of mobile phone sells well.
This type of music is not to everyone's taste.
This type of music is not to everyone’s taste.
This type of noun phrase is called a "concealed question".
This type of person is boring.
This type of person isn't interesting.
This type of phone sells very well.
This type of problem should be able to be solved.
This type of spider doesn't weave a web.
This type of thing doesn't happen a lot.
This type of thing doesn't happen often.
This type of thing doesn't happen very often.
This type of thing happens a lot.
This type of thing happens all the time.
This type of thing happens quite often.
This type of thing never used to happen here.
This type of thing only happens in countries like Algeria.
This type of thing quite frequently happens.
This type of thing seldom happens.
This type of video should be good for your Berber.
This type of violence isn't common in Algeria.
This type of windshield bullseye is easy to repair.
This type of windshield bullseye is generally repairable.
This type of windshield crack is generally repairable.
This type of windshield crack is harder to fix than a bullseye.
This typewriter doesn't work.
This typewriter has been used a lot.
This typewriter has seen plenty of use.
This typewriter is too old.
This tyre is fairly worn.
This tyre is pretty worn.
This tyre is punctured.
This tyre is quite worn.
This tyre needs some air.
This ugly yellow reminds me of the color of your bedsheets.
This ugly yellow reminds me of your bed sheet.
This umbrella belongs to Tom.
This umbrella belongs to her.
This umbrella belongs to him.
This umbrella belongs to me.
This umbrella belongs to them.
This umbrella cost me $30.
This umbrella cost me thirty dollars.
This umbrella doesn't belong to you, does it?
This umbrella is Tom's.
This umbrella is convenient to use in both clear and rainy weather.
This umbrella is mine and that one's Tom's.
This umbrella is mine.
This umbrella is mine. Yours is that one over there.
This umbrella is probably Tom's.
This umbrella is useful both in dry and rainy weather.
This umbrella isn't mine.
This umbrella looks a lot like mine.
This umbrella looks like mine.
This umbrella must be Tom's.
This umbrella will be hers.
This umbrella will be his.
This umbrella's yours. Where's mine?
This umbrella, whose is it?
This umeboshi tastes really salty.
This uncertainty is unbearable.
This uncontrollable situation was slipping away through my fingers and I failed to maintain control over it and I slowly lost all control on it.
This undermined my trust in state institutions.
This understandably infuriated William.
This underwear is made of durable fabric.
This underwear needs to be washed.
This unexpected malfunctioning of the system was caused by improper wiring.
This unfettered power goes against democracy.
This unfortunate boy is unwell.
This uninhabited island was claimed by the US in 1857 for its guano.
This unique approach to bread-making caught the attention of food and environment reporter Sam Fromartz, who's written a book titled, "In Search of the Perfect Loaf."
This universe is just a big artwork.
This university is famous.
This university is highly selective.
This university is located in Algiers.
This university is trying to superficially promote that it’s becoming more “international” by increasing the number of English-lecture courses.
This university was founded by Tom Jackson thirty years ago.
This university was founded by Tom Jackson.
This university was founded in 1843.
This untimely interview has weakened her negotiating position.
This update will be released at 10 o'clock this morning.
This upsets me.
This uranium was mined in Niger.
This urchin was so nimble, that it was utterly impossible to lay hold of him.
This usage isn't a sign of being uneducated but rather a remnant of an older form of the language.
This use is obsolete.
This used car is as good as new.
This used car is for sale.
This used to be Tom's apartment.
This used to be Tom's car.
This used to be Tom's home.
This used to be Tom's house.
This used to be Tom's office.
This used to be a bakery.
This used to be a beautiful city.
This used to be a butcher shop.
This used to be a butcher's shop.
This used to be a cafe.
This used to be a close-knit neighborhood.
This used to be a golf course.
This used to be a nice neighborhood.
This used to be a nice place to live.
This used to be a nice restaurant.
This used to be a parking lot.
This used to be a pretty quiet place.
This used to be a pretty small town.
This used to be a quiet neighborhood.
This used to be a very quiet neighborhood.
This used to be a very small town.
This used to be my room.
This used to belong to Tom.
This used to belong to her.
This used to belong to him.
This used to belong to me.
This used to belong to them.
This used to belong to us.
This used to belong to you.
This used to huge economic prosperity in China.
This used to work.
This user hasn't been online for two years.
This user seems to be obsessed by pornography.
This user's account is no longer active.
This usually works.
This utopian novel is very interesting.
This utterance is not a sentence.
This utterly discredits him as a scientist.
This vacuum cleaner is a real monster.
This vacuum cleaner is awfully loud.
This vacuum cleaner is heavy.
This vacuum cleaner is noisy.
This vacuum cleaner is terribly loud.
This vacuum cleaner makes a lot of noise.
This vacuum has been collecting dust in the garage.
This vacuum sucks.
This valley is very fertile.
This valve is broken.
This valve needs to be replaced.
This vampire works for a blood bank.
This van is like an apartment on wheels.
This van is not for sale.
This variant is better.
This variety of apple is a characteristic green colour.
This variety of fig is grown exclusively for dried fig products.
This vase has been sitting on the shelf for years.
This vase is fragile.
This vase is made of iron.
This vase is very fragile.
This vast continent is abundant in fossil fuels.
This vast garden needs armies of gardeners.
This vegan leather is made from mangoes.
This vegetable is tasteless.
This vegetable medley is really good.
This vegetable soup is extra chunky.
This vehicle eventually became a successful family car.
This vehicle has four wheels.
This vehicle is dangerous.
This vehicle isn't mine.
This vehicle stops at all railroad crossings.
This vending machine is out of order.
This vending machine isn't working.
This vending machine isn’t working.
This vending machine takes only hundred-yen coins.
This vending machine was destroyed by hoodlums last night.
This vending machine won't accept 500 yen coins.
This vending machine won’t accept 500 yen coins.
This verb can be either transitive or intransitive.
This verb can be transitive or intransitive.
This verb form is nonstandard.
This verb gets inflected in a rather special manner.
This verb is conjugated in a very specific way.
This verb is difficult to conjugate.
This verb is normally used only in the third person.
This verb is somewhat similar to "to drink".
This verb requires a direct object.
This verse is well constructed.
This version is untenable.
This very interesting test reveals your professional personality.
This very moment is the perfect teacher.
This vessel was loaded in Algeria.
This vial contains a liquid-like substance that cures silence when drunk. If you put it to your ear, you can hear a neverending tune.
This vicious circle must be broken.
This victory alone is not the change we seek.
This victory offered him a rejoinder to critics who claim he cannot win.
This victory was sensational, but to be champion the team will still have to beat very difficult opponents.
This video blew my mind.
This video cannot be played in your country.
This video card has problems.
This video clip is doctored.
This video cracks me up every time.
This video game can be described as a walking simulator.
This video game is very realistic.
This video game was developed by a studio in India, in collaboration with studios from Egypt, Bulgaria and Singapore.
This video gave me a great laugh.
This video has already more than a million views.
This video has no dislikes, so everyone must love it!
This video has no subtitles.
This video has some graphic details.
This video illustrates the effects of war on the nations.
This video is a harmless joke and is in no way meant to insult anyone. Any similarity with real characters or events is coincidental.
This video is boring.
This video is in Santali, but it also has English subtitles.
This video is magnificent!
This video is not available in your country.
This video is not available in your region.
This video is not made for kids.
This video is of interest to anyone who likes classical music and the cello in particular.
This video is shot on a camera phone.
This video is simply about the Second World War in Europe.
This video is sponsored by Tom & Mary.
This video is sponsored.
This video is the only evidence we have.
This video is the shit.
This video is very amusing.
This video is very fun.
This video isn't available in Morocco.
This video made me cry. I won't lie anymore.
This video made me giggle.
This video makes it look like a surprise, but that it was all prepared is obvious.
This video makes me so happy!
This video makes you feel good for the right reasons.
This video recorder doesn't work right.
This video recorder doesn’t work right.
This video showcases how he and his crew fish for scallops using a dredge, and shuck about 600 pounds of scallop meat before they reach the docks at the end of the day.
This video shows Tom riding a unicycle.
This video shows hyperelastic bone being 3-D-printed into forms, absorbing liquid and demonstrating elasticity.
This video was filmed in Algeria.
This video was filmed on a potato.
This video was made for fans at Comic-Con 2016 by the producers of this movie.
This video was very difficult for Yanni to film.
This video will help you begin your healing process.
This video will interest everyone who likes classical music, especially those who like the cello.
This view is fantastic.
This view is shared by Tom.
This view is supported by recent scientific discoveries.
This view reminds me of my home town.
This village belongs to the king of Sweden.
This village can not be reached except via the river.
This village doesn't have electricity.
This village has a lot of old people.
This village has a lot of senior citizens.
This village has changed a lot over ten years.
This village has cheaper items than our village
This village is boring.
This village is deserted.
This village is free from air pollution.
This village is full of rich people. They're all mafiosi.
This village is full of rich people. They're all mobsters.
This village is inhabited mainly by woodcutters and hunters.
This village is like a city.
This village is mine!
This village is one of the most beautiful places I've ever been.
This village is one of the most beautiful places that I've ever been.
This village isn't big, but it's quite lively.
This vine winds around trees.
This vintage wine is excellent.
This violated the rules of the police department.
This violates about a million penal codes and every holy book there is.
This violates state law.
This violates the Algerian constitution.
This violates the values of the Algerian constitution.
This virtual problem is blown out of proportion.
This virus could put you in hospital for weeks or even kill you. Even if you do not get sick, the choices you make about where you go could be the difference between life and death for someone else.
This virus is a problem all over the world.
This virus is spreading rapidly among humans.
This virus travels without a passport or a visa.
This virus was engineered in a lab.
This visit to the ER was brought to you by "Return of the Beet Juice." Now in theaters.
This visual novel has 21 endings, and they're all happy endings!
This vitamin boosts your immune system from diseases.
This vitamin makes you more resistant to disease.
This vocabulary item is one I consider especially important.
This vocabulary test frequently overestimates how many words the students actually know.
This volcano has been inactive for hundreds of years.
This volcano last erupted in 2013.
This volume of ethanol cannot completely dissolve 0.5 g of the white solid.
This voluntary organization of Bangladesh provides emotional support to the sick.
This vowel change has much to do with the overall accent pattern assigned to each word.
This waffle towel is made of Egyptian cotton.
This wailing needs to stop immediately.
This waistcoat won't meet at the front.
This waistcoat won’t meet at the front.
This waiting exasperates me, I'm going for a coffee.
This waitress must be new.
This walk would take anywhere between an hour and four hours.
This wall blocks the wind.
This wall crushed my toe.
This wall feels cold.
This wall feels very cold.
This wall is cold.
This wall is painted green.
This wall is taller than that one.
This wall must not be demolished because it is load-bearing.
This wall scanner uses radar technology.
This wall was built in 2013.
This wall was built thirty years ago.
This wallet is made of paper.
This wallet is made out of paper.
This wallet isn't mine.
This walrus has large tusks.
This waltz's melody always hypnotizes me.
This war does not break out by chance.
This war is a gross act of long-distance historical self-harm by Russia.
This war is a horror.
This war is not mine.
This war is over.
This war is something nobody needs.
This war needs to end.
This war was imposed on us.
This war won't have any winners.
This wardrobe hasn't got a clothes rail.
This wardrobe is 2 meters high, 40 centimeters wide, and 40 centimeters deep.
This wardrobe is where you may keep your clothes.
This warehouse is for lease, not for sale.
This warm weather is abnormal for February.
This warm weather won't last.
This warming of relations eventually led to a reconciliation between the two peoples.
This warrants some reflection.
This was Latin and Greek, then, was it, this grand delusion!
This was Layla's first car.
This was Pillay’s final annual report to the U.N. Council before stepping down as High Commissioner for Human Rights in August. She reflected with pride upon the accomplishments of her office during her six-year tenure. But expressed sorrow for the many challenges and implacable brutality that cause so much grievous suffering around the world.
This was Robert's first day at the school.
This was Rodica's fifth book.
This was Rodica’s fifth book.
This was Sami's home.
This was Tom's chair.
This was Tom's choice.
This was Tom's first time being a part of a large community-based project. Though he felt nervous at first to be involved, the other members soon proved to be a very supportive bunch.
This was Tom's idea, wasn't it?
This was Tom's idea.
This was Tom's third offense, so he was put in jail.
This was Yanni's life.
This was Ziri's apartment until he moved in with Rima.
This was a Christmas present from Tom.
This was a bad day for Tom.
This was a bad idea.
This was a bad sign.
This was a bad week. My train was late two days in a row.
This was a big boost for Bouteflika's propaganda.
This was a big deal for me.
This was a big disappointment for Algeria.
This was a big mistake.
This was a birthday present from him.
This was a bit of a rush job.
This was a bolt from the blue.
This was a chance encounter with Esperanto.
This was a clear contradiction.
This was a disaster.
This was a disclaimer before the video played.
This was a few weeks ago!
This was a first and only time this was ever done.
This was a game we had to win.
This was a gift from Tom.
This was a gift.
This was a good book.
This was a good deal.
This was a good feeling.
This was a good school for my grandson.
This was a great gift for her.
This was a great idea.
This was a great walk.
This was a hard job to get.
This was a hasty translation.
This was a known issue.
This was a lame attempt to conceal the fact that the author of this sentence has nothing to say.
This was a learning experience.
This was a lie.
This was a long letter.
This was a long time ago.
This was a lot for Ziri to take.
This was a lot of fun.
This was a lot to take in.
This was a major contribution.
This was a matter of whether spending umpteen million dollars on a program like this was a smart thing to do.
This was a memorable day for me.
This was a mistake I made.
This was a mistake.
This was a much more peaceful place when it wasn't full of political harangues everywhere.
This was a murder for money.
This was a new experience for Tom.
This was a new experience for her.
This was a new experience for him.
This was a new experience for me.
This was a poem.
This was a premeditated crime.
This was a really exhausting trip.
This was a really fun trip.
This was a really good buy.
This was a reasonable rule.
This was a relief.
This was a state-sponsored criminal act.
This was a strange twist in Yanni's tale.
This was a stupid idea from the very start.
This was a stupid idea.
This was a successful attack.
This was a terrible mistake.
This was a terribly hot afternoon and I feel like my brain is empty.
This was a tough decision.
This was a translation of copyrighted material, so I deleted it since copyright owners have the right to control derivative works.
This was a triumph!
This was a turning point in Tom's life.
This was a very inexpensive watch.
This was a very lucrative period for Algeria.
This was a very prevalent issue at the time.
This was a wake up call for Tom.
This was a wake-up call for Tom.
This was a warning: the floods were coming.
This was a whole new level of crazy.
This was a winter evening.
This was against Ziri's morals.
This was all Tom needed.
This was all Tom's idea.
This was all a mistake.
This was all a misunderstanding.
This was all free.
This was all you!
This was also refused.
This was also rejected.
This was an additional fund for buying books.
This was an error.
This was an executive decision.
This was an expensive painting.
This was an experience that opened my eyes.
This was an eye-opening experience for Tom.
This was an eye-opening experience.
This was an interesting book.
This was an isolated action.
This was an unfair fight.
This was an unusual choice for Ziri.
This was approved last October.
This was arranged by Tom.
This was avoidable.
This was before Facebook.
This was before GPS.
This was before John was put in prison.
This was before Viber.
This was before people knew how to record voices, so we don't know exactly what he sounded like.
This was before people knew how to record voices, so we don’t know exactly what he sounded like.
This was before the Internet.
This was bound to happen eventually.
This was bound to happen sooner or later.
This was built 500 years ago.
This was built a long time ago.
This was built by Tom Jackson in 2013.
This was built by Tom.
This was built for that purpose.
This was built in 2013.
This was built long ago.
This was built since long ago.
This was built some 500 years ago.
This was built to stand years of wear and tear.
This was burned into Ziri's memory.
This was carefully thought out.
This was clearly a difficult decision for Tom.
This was clearly once a working farm.
This was created by Tom.
This was decided by a popular vote in 1861, but owing to some technical defects was resubmitted to the people of the county in 1862, and then definitely decided.
This was deliberate.
This was designed by Tom Jackson.
This was designed by Tom.
This was difficult to obtain.
This was difficult.
This was done against my will.
This was done by Tom.
This was done in three phases.
This was easier than I thought it would be.
This was easier than I thought.
This was easy.
This was enough to get Stefan arrested.
This was exactly what I had dreamt of.
This was faulty information.
This was foretold by Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him.
This was found between the finger and thumb of the dead man.
This was free.
This was fun.
This was given to me.
This was going to be a text, but it ended up being so long that I decided to send it as an email.
This was good.
This was great.
This was handcrafted by Tom.
This was happening every autumn.
This was happening every spring.
This was happening every summer.
This was happening every winter.
This was happening often in the autumn.
This was happening often in the spring.
This was happening often in the summer.
This was happening often in the winter.
This was hard.
This was harder than I thought it would be.
This was hardly a shock.
This was he of whom I said, "He who comes after me has surpassed me because he was before me."
This was her first job.
This was her first novel.
This was her one and only hope.
This was her only mistake.
This was his first job.
This was his first voyage as captain.
This was his one and only hope.
This was his only mistake.
This was how he became a great pianist.
This was how he entered the university.
This was how it started.
This was how matters stood at the turn of the century.
This was in 2004, when not everyone had a cellphone yet.
This was in Tom's closet.
This was in Tom's desk.
This was in Tom's locker.
This was in Tom's safe.
This was in every newspaper.
This was in our mailbox.
This was in the dead of October, chilly and windy.
This was in year two thousand.
This was in your closet.
This was in your drawer.
This was incredibly weird.
This was just a matter of chance.
This was later found to be incorrect.
This was left on the porch.
This was left to James by his grandfather.
This was like a game for Tom.
This was like a game for her.
This was like a game for him.
This was literally unbelievable.
This was made by Tom.
This was made in Australia.
This was made in England.
This was making Ziri physically ill.
This was meant as a joke.
This was missing.
This was misunderstood.
This was more difficult than I thought it would be.
This was my chance to finally talk to John.
This was my childhood bedroom.
This was my dad's favorite tie.
This was my dad's favourite tie.
This was my dream.
This was my father's favourite tie.
This was my fault.
This was my first visit to a foreign country.
This was my grandad's jacket.
This was my grandfather's clock.
This was my grandfather's jacket.
This was my grandfather's watch.
This was my history teacher in sixth grade.
This was my idea, not Tom's.
This was my idea.
This was my mistake.
This was my old dream.
This was my once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
This was my pager.
This was my plan all along.
This was my starting point.
This was never a good idea.
This was never really in question.
This was new territory for Sami.
This was no accident.
This was not a fun time.
This was not a good sign.
This was not a joke.
This was not funny.
This was not our fault.
This was not planned.
This was not supposed to happen.
This was not the deal.
This was not the only problem.
This was not what I imagined my Algiers trip would be like.
This was obviously a grave mistake.
This was odd to Ziri.
This was on Tom's desk.
This was on sale.
This was on the doorstep.
This was on the list.
This was on your doorstep.
This was once a thriving port.
This was one of Anne’s last diary entries as a carefree teenager.
This was one of her better attempts.
This was one of the best TV shows of the '70s.
This was one of the best days of my life.
This was one of the few moments of my life where I almost crapped my pants.
This was one of the most desperate moments of my life.
This was one of the worst decisions of Ziri's life.
This was one of the worst fights he had ever experienced.
This was our fault.
This was painted by Tom.
This was part of a centuries-long program of cultural genocide that culminated in the physical genocide of the Holocaust.
This was part of the plan.
This was particularly true of chariot racing.
This was picked up by the international press.
This was popular in the eighties.
This was popular in the nineties.
This was pretty big news for Algeria.
This was pretty expensive.
This was pretty helpful in learning Berber.
This was proven correct.
This was pushing Layla to the breaking point.
This was quite a delightful ramble for Robin, at first: but soon his curiosity began to get him into trouble.
This was quite a well thought-out plan.
This was quite cheap.
This was quite primitive compared to that.
This was quoted from a native speaker.
This was really intense.
This was really unfair.
This was recommended to me by Tom.
This was refined and embodied in a personality so weird, rigid and stubborn that very few dared to closely work with him.
This was rejected flatout by the White House.
This was reported in all the newspapers.
This was ridiculously cheap.
This was ridiculously expensive.
This was routine.
This was said metaphorically.
This was senseless violence.
This was simply catastrophic to Stefan.
This was single-handedly one of the worst days of my life.
This was so stupid.
This was something I was not used to.
This was something different.
This was something that Tom was not used to.
This was specially done.
This was supposed to be Ziri's place.
This was supposed to be a silent operation.
This was supposed to be delivered an hour ago.
This was supposed to be our special day.
This was supposed to be simple.
This was tasty and healthy bread.
This was the Philosopher's Stone.
This was the beginning of the end.
This was the best audio I've ever heard!
This was the best day ever.
This was the best night of all.
This was the best-selling book last week.
This was the biggest earthquake to hit Northern California in more than three decades.
This was the breaking point for Ziri.
This was the case not just with the flu vaccine, but also with an inactivated polio vaccine. The state of intestinal bacteria appeared to make no difference in the effectiveness of other vaccines, though, including the yellow fever vaccine and vaccines containing adjuvants, which are added to boost immunity.
This was the cause of all his misfortune.
This was the coldest winter in twenty years.
This was the first Japanese food I had ever tasted.
This was the first stroke, but the second followed at once.
This was the first time I lied to Mary.
This was the first time Tom had ever seen a demolition derby.
This was the first time anyone with any authority had ever raised the subject with me.
This was the first time that Tom had ever seen a demolition derby.
This was the heart of the matter.
This was the highlight of my day.
This was the highlight of my trip.
This was the last conversation I had with my mother about Terry Tate.
This was the last straw for Tom.
This was the last time I watched TV.
This was the moment of truth.
This was the moment they had all been waiting for.
This was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on.
This was the most interesting book that she had ever read.
This was the old oubliette.
This was the organisation which I deduced, Watson, and which I devoted my whole energy to exposing and breaking up.
This was the outcome I had hoped for.
This was the perfect occasion.
This was the right choice.
This was the right decision.
This was the start of a new chapter in the Algerian economy.
This was the start of the forties.
This was the stupidest idea I've ever had.
This was the tallest building in Boston back in the 1960's.
This was the third time he has campaigned for president and he has expended a huge amount of energy and money into his presidential ambitions.
This was the turning point of his life.
This was the worst day ever.
This was third school shooting incident in six months.
This was to arrange things so that I obtained the result already written in the textbooks.
This was to teach me to think methodically.
This was too big.
This was too difficult a problem for her to solve.
This was too much for Tom.
This was too much for her.
This was too much for him.
This was too much for me.
This was too much for them.
This was too much.
This was totally unexpected.
This was totally voluntary.
This was unexpected.
This was untrue.
This was used metaphorically.
This was very cheap to build.
This was very difficult to watch.
This was very difficult.
This was very expensive.
This was very hard.
This was very interesting.
This was very traumatizing.
This was very unlike Tom.
This was very unpredictable.
This was way too easy.
This was what Tom feared the most.
This was what she did: she touched with her wand everything in the palace (except the King and Queen),—governesses, maids of honor, ladies of the bedchamber, gentlemen, officers, stewards, cooks, undercooks, kitchen maids, guards with their porters, pages, and footmen; she likewise touched all the horses which were in the stables, the cart horses, the hunters and the saddle horses, the grooms, the great dogs in the outward court, and little Mopsey, too, the Princess's spaniel, which was lying on the bed. As soon as she touched them they all fell asleep, not to awake again until their mistress did, that they might be ready to wait upon her when she wanted them.
This was when Ziri was fourteen.
This was when he was born.
This was when the shit completely hit the fan.
This was where we agreed to meet, I think.
This was why he entered the university.
This was written a few minutes ago.
This was yet another beautiful reason why God came to earth as a conception.
This was your big chance, Tom, and you blew it.
This was your big idea, remember?
This was your decision alone.
This was your idea, Tom.
This was your idea, wasn't it?
This was your idea.
This was your plan the whole time, wasn't it?
This was your responsibility.
This was, of course, a lie.
This wash cycle is really quick.
This washed up on shore.
This washer is so quiet that you could put it in your bedroom.
This washing machine hasn't stopped giving me problems.
This washing machine is compact and good value for money.
This washing machine is very energy-efficient.
This wasn't Matthew's direction.
This wasn't Tom's fault.
This wasn't Tom's idea.
This wasn't Tom's plan.
This wasn't Yanni's table.
This wasn't a drive-by shooting.
This wasn't an easy assignment.
This wasn't an easy deal.
This wasn't an easy decision for us.
This wasn't an easy decision to make.
This wasn't an easy place to find.
This wasn't an easy task.
This wasn't an intentional act.
This wasn't as expensive as I expected it to be.
This wasn't as expensive as I expected.
This wasn't cheap, was it?
This wasn't even on the agenda.
This wasn't exactly what we had in mind.
This wasn't expensive.
This wasn't going to be easy.
This wasn't here before.
This wasn't here this morning ... looks like somebody's been fly tipping.
This wasn't intended as a dig at anyone.
This wasn't intended.
This wasn't just a little mistake.
This wasn't made by Tom.
This wasn't my fault.
This wasn't my idea.
This wasn't my idea. It was Tom's.
This wasn't my mistake.
This wasn't my question. I wanted to know something else.
This wasn't my teacher.
This wasn't planned.
This wasn't so easy to find.
This wasn't so expensive.
This wasn't such a good idea after all.
This wasn't such a good idea.
This wasn't supposed to happen at all.
This wasn't supposed to happen.
This wasn't that expensive.
This wasn't the first geopolitical battle between the United States and China, and it would not be the last.
This wasn't the first time.
This wasn't the only problem.
This wasn't true for Ph.D. holders who graduated eight years ago, and even less likely for those who graduated in the past three years. Also, the majority of career moves for these two groups were away from higher education and into business, government and nonprofit industries.
This wasn't very expensive.
This wasn't what I expected.
This wasn't what I had in mind.
This wasn't what I was hoping for.
This wasn't what he had imagined at all.
This wasn't what we intended to save for. We were intending to save for a house.
This wasn't what we planned.
This wasn't working.
This wasn't your fault.
This wasn’t cheap, was it?
This wasn’t here this morning ... looks like somebody’s been fly tipping.
This wasp paralyzes other insects, cakes them in dirt, and lays its eggs inside so its larvae will feast on them.
This watch band costs around fifty thousand yen.
This watch caught my eye right away.
This watch cost 70,000 yen.
This watch cost a lot of money.
This watch cost a lot.
This watch cost me ten thousand yen.
This watch costs 10 000 CFA francs.
This watch costs around fifty thousand yen.
This watch costs ten dollars at the most.
This watch didn't cost me very much.
This watch didn't cost very much.
This watch does not work well.
This watch doesn't work.
This watch has got to be repaired.
This watch has to be repaired.
This watch is a new type.
This watch is a real bargain.
This watch is a really good buy.
This watch is all I've left of my father.
This watch is as expensive a gift as that bracelet.
This watch is better than that one.
This watch is broken.
This watch is expensive.
This watch is far better than that one.
This watch is his, not mine.
This watch is less expensive than that one.
This watch is made in Japan.
This watch is meant for you.
This watch is mine.
This watch is my father's.
This watch is my father’s.
This watch is not cheap at all.
This watch is not mine but yours.
This watch is of great value.
This watch is shock-proof.
This watch is similar to mine I lost yesterday.
This watch is sterling silver.
This watch is superior to that one.
This watch is ten minutes fast.
This watch is ten minutes slow.
This watch is twice as expensive as that one.
This watch is very expensive.
This watch is waterproof.
This watch isn't quite right.
This watch keeps accurate time.
This watch keeps bad time.
This watch keeps correct time.
This watch loses three minutes a day.
This watch needs repairing. It gains 20 minutes a day.
This watch needs to be fixed.
This watch needs to be fixed. It gains 20 minutes a day.
This watch needs to be repaired.
This watch needs to be repaired. It gains 20 minutes a day.
This watch of mine never stops.
This watch used to belong to my great-grandfather.
This watch wants mending.
This watch was a real find.
This watch was cheap.
This watch was given me by my uncle.
This watch was handed down to me by my grandfather.
This watch was inexpensive.
This watch was manufactured in Switzerland.
This watch was your grandfather's.
This watch wasn't expensive.
This water bottle holds 32 fluid ounces.
This water can be drunk without risk.
This water cannot be drunk.
This water contains a little alcohol.
This water doesn't smell like anything.
This water has a bad smell.
This water has an ugly smell.
This water is a little salty.
This water is as cold as ice.
This water is at least three feet deep.
This water is contaminated.
This water is contaminated. Don't drink it.
This water is deep.
This water is delicious.
This water is drinkable.
This water is good to drink.
This water is good.
This water is hot!
This water is ice cold.
This water is not cold.
This water is not drinkable.
This water is not potable. It's not suitable for drinking.
This water is odourless.
This water is poisoned.
This water is polluted, do not drink it.
This water is polluted. Don't drink it.
This water is pretty clean.
This water is safe to drink.
This water is sterilized.
This water is store-bought.
This water is undrinkable.
This water is unsafe to drink.
This water is unsafe to drink. Don't drink it.
This water isn't clear.
This water isn't cold.
This water isn't drinkable.
This water isn't fit to drink.
This water isn't safe to drink.
This water isn't transparent.
This water needs to go to a sewage treatment plant.
This water never freezes.
This water smells good.
This water spot remover is totally glass-safe.
This water tastes good.
This water tastes like a pipe.
This water tastes strange.
This water was polluted by oil.
This waterfall is an amazing backdrop for pictures.
This watermelon is about three times larger than that one.
This wax sculpture is very realistic.
This way I can't get any further.
This way is a dead end.
This way is to find him out.
This way please, Tom.
This way to the fallout shelter.
This way to the good soup!
This way we can evaluate if the sound quality is good enough.
This way we can shorten the distance.
This way, I agree with you!
This way, Sir, if you please.
This way, gentlemen!
This way, gentlemen.
This way, it’s hard.
This way, news from Algeria can reach the world.
This way, please, Tom.
This way, please, mademoiselle.
This way, please.
This way, sir.
This way.
This we all know.
This we can call a work of art.
This we can discuss.
This we can do.
This we did with great pleasure.
This we didn't know.
This we know. The earth does not belong to man; man belongs to the earth. This we know. All things are connected like the blood which unites one family. All things are connected.
This weakens your account security, are you sure?
This wealthy hedge fund manager has a home in the Hamptons.
This weapon is huge. I can't handle it properly.
This weapon is made of metals not found on Earth.
This weather is depressing.
This weather is making the flowers wilt.
This weather is not good for the crops.
This web page can't be displayed.
This web project offers an introduction to Kabyle with lessons and exercises, which will be corrected.
This website can damage your computer.
This website can harm your computer.
This website collects and uses our personal information, among other things, for account creation, internal management, marketing, to send us advertising information and to analyze data.
This website doesn't allow users to change their screen name.
This website has many pages.
This website has many webpages.
This website has too many ads.
This website is all about the LGBT.
This website is free.
This website is full of shady advertisements and clickbait!
This website is managed by Press Service of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan and Work and Communication with NGOs Department of the Administration of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan.
This website is more addicting than Facebook, and infinitely more useful.
This website is not a trustworthy source for research.
This website is not accessible to people with red-green color vision deficiency.
This website is not suitable for studying Arabic.
This website is slower than a snail.
This website is so cool.
This website is temporarily unavailable due to a denial of service attack.
This website is under construction.
This website is useless.
This website is very politically correct.
This website is very useful.
This website isn't available in Morocco.
This website isn't your personal playground.
This website kills fascists.
This website needs a redesign.
This website publishes various secret documents of various governments.
This website seems quite good.
This website uses cookies.
This website was created specifically for people who want to learn foreign languages.
This website was selected by Yahoo! as one of the Top 5% websites.
This website's community is made up of two main types of people: those who work and those who gossip and police the ones who work.
This wedding has to be perfect.
This weed killer does not harm human beings.
This week I had three midterms.
This week I have the morning shift.
This week I used my hanko so often that I can't remember how many times I've used it.
This week I used my hanko so often that I can’t remember how many times I’ve used it.
This week I went fishing.
This week I will be doing a series on personal eschatology.
This week I worked a lot.
This week I'm working the morning shift.
This week I've watched foreign car-action movies with subtitles for three days in a row.
This week I’ve watched foreign car-action movies with subtitles for three days in a row.
This week has been an amazing experience.
This week has been terribly busy for both of us.
This week has been very busy for both of us.
This week he works the early shift.
This week is Fire Prevention Week.
This week is critical.
This week is ridiculous.
This week it was busy the whole time.
This week many children are discovering the language.
This week she planted her first vegetable garden.
This week the cherry blossoms in the park are in full bloom.
This week the weather was very unpredictable.
This week was different.
This week was nice.
This week was tough.
This week will be my last week here.
This week, 25 people have written at least one Esperanto sentence on Tatoeba.
This week, Deputy Secretary of State Wendy Sherman spoke with Solomon Islands Foreign Minister Jeremiah Manele about plans to reopen the U.S. Embassy in Honiara and what U.S. officials described as “joint efforts to broaden and deepen engagement” between the two countries.
This week, I'm busy.
This week, Tom will be in Boston. Next week, he'll be in Chicago.
This week, fast food giant Yum China Holdings announced it is converting its current secondary share listings in Hong Kong to a primary listing, which would make delisting simpler.
This week, scientists at the Johns Hopkins Malaria Research Institute announced that they have identified a sugar in mosquitoes that the malaria-causing parasite [Plasmodium falciparum] needs. The sugar is essential for the parasite's movement within the midgut section of the mosquito's body.
This week, thousands of U.S. schools closed as officials sought to contain the new coronavirus.
This week, we welcome the president of the senate.
This week, we're in a hurry.
This week, we’re in a hurry.
This weekend I want to get loose.
This weekend Tom and Mary plan to go on a double date with John and Alice.
This weekend we can make telephone calls for free.
This weekend, I am going to sleep over at my friend's house.
This weekend, I promise.
This weekend, if possible.
This weekend, it'll snow.
This weekend, my friends and I are going to climb a mountain.
This weekly comes out once a week.
This weeny radio is 100 billion times smaller than the first big, clunky commercial radios of the early 20th century.
This weighed heavily on my mind.
This weighs more than the limit.
This well is not that deep.
This well is the deepest well in this area.
This well is thirty meters deep.
This well is thirty metres deep.
This well is very deep.
This well never runs dry.
This went on for a very long time.
This went on for a while.
This went on for about five months.
This went on for four years.
This went on for months.
This went on from dawn to dusk.
This wheat comes from Algeria.
This wheat flour is made in Algeria.
This wheat is grown in Algeria.
This wheat is imported directly from Algeria.
This wheat is made into flour.
This wheat originally comes from Algeria.
This wheat semolina is produced in Algeria.
This wheel wobbles when it turns.
This whiskey is too strong.
This whisky is too strong.
This whisky is very strong.
This white coat looks good on you.
This white coat will look very nice on you.
This whole Earth is a jail, especially for the whole of humanity.
This whole Earth is a prison for humanity. I know some astronomy.
This whole affair is giving me a headache.
This whole affair stinks to high heaven.
This whole apartheid system should be dismantled.
This whole area is a smoking restricted area.
This whole effort started with a decision to landscape the roof of a defunct kindergarten instead of kicking up dust to build a new one.
This whole episode is based on a tragic misunderstanding.
This whole experience has helped David to change.
This whole incident is based on a tragic misunderstanding.
This whole matter is a mere abstraction for you.
This whole ordeal has been stressful for Ziri and Rima.
This whole place is a mess.
This whole process of applying to medical school sucks for everyone involved.
This whole scheme is utterly hopeless.
This whole sentence has been copied from Wikipedia.
This whole situation makes me sick.
This whole subject is clearly a sore spot with Tom.
This whole thing doesn't make any sense.
This whole thing has been a nightmare for me.
This whole thing is a mistake.
This whole thing is really stupid.
This whole thing is stupid.
This whole thing is the invoice.
This whole thing is unbelievable.
This whole thing stinks.
This whole thing was a lame excuse.
This whole thing was a scam.
This whole thing was a wash.
This whole thing was your idea.
This whole world speaks Tagalog, the most widely spoken language.
This widely-held belief is archeologically inaccurate.
This widespread usage of smartphones has sparked worries among teens themselves, with 54% of U.S. teens saying they spend too much time on their phones.
This wiener has a taste similar to a fish sausage.
This wild rose gives off a sweet scent.
This wildcard character stands for an unspecified symbol.
This will absolutely sabotage your career.
This will add to our troubles.
This will affect Sami for the rest of his life.
This will all be over soon.
This will almost certainly have contradictory consequences and effects.
This will always be your home.
This will amuse you.
This will and needs to be Bitcoin’s year.
This will be Sami's last meal.
This will be Yanni's fourth time in Algeria.
This will be a big change for everyone in Algeria.
This will be a game changer.
This will be a good opportunity for me to use my language skills to my advantage.
This will be a good souvenir of my trip around the United States.
This will be a great day for Algeria.
This will be a great opportunity.
This will be a hard sell.
This will be a new experience for all of us.
This will be a particularly long story.
This will be a problem.
This will be a special summer.
This will be a very dangerous mission.
This will be a walk in the park.
This will be an excellent addition to your resumé.
This will be an interesting challenge.
This will be another magical evening with our extended family.
This will be completed next month.
This will be difficult to do.
This will be difficult to explain.
This will be difficult.
This will be done by tomorrow.
This will be easier than I thought.
This will be easy.
This will be enough.
This will be extremely helpful.
This will be framed and hung up on the wall.
This will be fun.
This will be good for us.
This will be good.
This will be great.
This will be happening today.
This will be hard.
This will be her third album.
This will be his car.
This will be his first match in the public eye.
This will be his last trip to Algeria.
This will be his third album.
This will be impossible to fix.
This will be interesting.
This will be my crowning achievement.
This will be my first trip out of the solar system.
This will be my last sentence in English.
This will be my last week here.
This will be my only chance to visit Australia.
This will be on the test.
This will be one of the best memories of my life.
This will be our last Christmas together.
This will be our last session for the year.
This will be our secret code.
This will be over soon enough.
This will be over soon.
This will be over tomorrow.
This will be over tonight.
This will be painful.
This will be painless.
This will be ready by the time you need it.
This will be the beginning of a new life for you.
This will be the best.
This will be the book he is looking for.
This will be the book you are looking for.
This will be the book you're looking for.
This will be the book you’re looking for.
This will be the crowning achievement of my career.
This will be the final flight of this class of resupply spacecraft, named “Kounotori” – the Japanese word for white stork.
This will be the fourth time we have destroyed this website.
This will be the house we are looking for.
This will be the last act of the play.
This will be the last one.
This will be the last time you're deceived.
This will be the last update.
This will be the starting point of the tunnel.
This will be the thing that makes Tom become the Joker.
This will be the thing that makes Tom go postal.
This will be thirty Euros.
This will be truly helpful advice for you.
This will be very hard to prove.
This will be very helpful for Yanni.
This will be your Berber vocabulary for the week.
This will be your final warning.
This will be your last chance to do this.
This will be your last chance.
This will be your one and only notice.
This will be your one and only warning.
This will be your umbrella, I suppose.
This will blow you away.
This will blow your mind.
This will bring Algerians closer together.
This will bring you a lot of joy.
This will bring you luck.
This will bring you to grief.
This will cause Oleg to avoid Rima even more.
This will cause nightmares.
This will cause problems for Tom.
This will certainly be a big win for Algeria.
This will certainly be within William's budget.
This will certainly come in handy.
This will challenge any preconception you may have of modern art.
This will change Adriano’s life forever.
This will change Ziri's life.
This will change everything.
This will change your entire life.
This will change your life.
This will cheer you up.
This will come and bite you.
This will come in handy in a pinch.
This will come in handy.
This will come to a bad end, son.
This will continue indefinitely.
This will continue.
This will contribute to Algeria's stability.
This will cost Sami his job.
This will cost Tom his job.
This will cost about 10 thousand yen.
This will cost me my life.
This will cost you dearly.
This will cost you forty dinars.
This will cost â‚¬30.
This will cost €30.
This will create a lovely place for rot to live, fester and raise its ugly head.
This will deaden the pain.
This will definitely put a smile on your face.
This will do Yanni no good.
This will do for a chair.
This will do for now.
This will do for the time being.
This will do in a pinch.
This will do nicely.
This will do us for the present.
This will do.
This will drive William mad.
This will drive you crazy.
This will end badly.
This will end in tears.
This will erode his credibility if it is made more widely known.
This will erode our credibility.
This will forever change how you think about your own thinking.
This will get interesting.
This will give Elias more time to study.
This will give Tom one more thing to worry about.
This will give him something to cry about.
This will give you a rough idea.
This will give you an approximate idea of the situation.
This will go down in history as the greatest event that has ever taken place.
This will happen to you too.
This will happen whether we invest or not.
This will happen.
This will hardly convince anyone.
This will have a huge impact on Algeria's economy.
This will have a very little impact on Algeria's economy.
This will have an impact on Algeria's economy.
This will have dire consequences for Yanni.
This will have enormous implications for Algeria.
This will have far-reaching repercussions.
This will have pride of place on my mantelpiece.
This will have to be replaced.
This will have to do for lunch.
This will have to do.
This will have to wait until after the holidays for me to deal with it.
This will have to wait.
This will heal soon.
This will help Algeria to diversify its industry.
This will help Algeria to grow and progress.
This will help a lot of people.
This will help keep you warm.
This will help our business along.
This will help scientists and health authorities predict where disease outbreaks might occur and where to target mosquito control.
This will help to raise awareness around this issue.
This will help you build an incredible amount of self-awareness.
This will help you feel confident.
This will help you improve your Berber.
This will help you relax.
This will help you sleep.
This will help.
This will hit Algeria very hard.
This will hold me until lunch.
This will hurt a little.
This will hurt your career.
This will hurt your professional reputation.
This will hurt.
This will improve the performance.
This will increase efficiency by 20%.
This will interest you.
This will keep bugs off.
This will keep you in the game.
This will keep you warm.
This will kill that.
This will kill the bacteria.
This will let us quickly double the number of sentences.
This will make a big difference.
This will make me feel better.
This will make our job a lot easier.
This will make our job much easier.
This will make us stronger.
This will make you stronger.
This will make your job much easier.
This will make your physics studies a lot of fun and take away the unnecessary stress.
This will mean that growing food will become difficult.
This will most likely be one of the largest blizzards in the history of New York City.
This will negatively affect delivery times.
This will negatively affect the Algerian economy.
This will negatively impact Edmundo.
This will never absolve Sami of the crime.
This will never change.
This will never do.
This will never end.
This will never happen again, I promise you.
This will never happen again, I swear to you.
This will never happen again.
This will never happen again. You have my word.
This will never happen.
This will never see daylight.
This will no doubt become precedent.
This will not be easy work.
This will not be tolerated.
This will not cost too much.
This will not count towards the 140 characters that you can use.
This will not go unpunished.
This will not happen to you anymore.
This will not help you to learn Berber.
This will not please Daddy.
This will only make things worse.
This will only take a few more minutes.
This will only take a minute of your time.
This will only take a minute.
This will only take a moment.
This will only take a second.
This will only work through trial and error.
This will pass.
This will probably be a pain to do.
This will probably be one of the most important decisions that you'll ever have to make.
This will probably be one of the most important decisions you'll ever have to make.
This will probably be your last chance.
This will probably remain a mystery forever.
This will protect your skin.
This will put everyone on a level playing field.
This will quench your thirst.
This will really help to you learn Berber.
This will reduce the budget.
This will relax you.
This will remain a problem.
This will require a huge investment of time and money.
This will restrict storage space.
This will ruin Tom.
This will run.
This will save a lot of money.
This will save you a lot of trouble.
This will serve as a check on their work.
This will serve the purpose.
This will set a good example.
This will set off a domino effect.
This will shave off a few dollars.
This will show Tom.
This will solve everything.
This will solve nothing.
This will soon be over.
This will stick with Ziri for the remainder of his life.
This will suffice for now.
This will surely add to you appetite.
This will surely alleviate the pain.
This will take Gabriel a few days.
This will take a long time.
This will take a lot of time.
This will take an hour or so.
This will take at least one more hour.
This will take away your sins.
This will take no more than 20 minutes.
This will take some getting used to.
This will take some time to explain.
This will take some time to get used to.
This will take some time.
This will take somewhere between half an hour and an hour.
This will take time, money and patience.
This will take time.
This will take us a lot of time.
This will take us three, at most four weeks.
This will teach her a lesson.
This will teach that he must obey the law.
This will teach you not to annoy other people.
This will teach you, idiot!
This will tide you over for a day or so.
This will transform your life.
This will trigger a domino effect.
This will turn Yanni's life around.
This will work.
This willow-tree looks like a mammoth.
This wind announces a storm.
This wind is a sign of a storm.
This wind is a sign of an approaching storm.
This winding road is very dangerous.
This window doesn't shut properly.
This window doesn't shut tight.
This window doesn't shut well.
This window doesn't want to close.
This window has been broken for a month.
This window is a guillotine, I'm telling you.
This window is broken.
This window is bulletproof.
This window is stuck.
This window is wooden.
This window overlooks the whole city.
This window won't fasten.
This window won't let me close it.
This window won't open.
This window won't open. See if you can get it to move.
This window won't open. See if you make it budge.
This window won't shut.
This window won’t fasten.
This window won’t open.
This window won’t open. See if you can get it to move.
This window's glass is very fragile.
This windshield bullseye is the size of a quarter.
This windshield chip is about four millimeter wide.
This windshield chip is easy to repair.
This windshield chip is pretty small.
This windshield cost Yanni about forty thousand dinars.
This windshield crack is fourteen inches long.
This windshield crack needs to be repaired before it spreads any further.
This windshield crack needs to be repaired before it spreads.
This windshield has a little fractured area.
This windshield is gone.
This windshield looks good.
This windshield needs cleaning.
This windshield needs some cleaning.
This windshield needs to be cleaned.
This windshield needs to be repaired.
This windshield rock chip needs to be repaired quickly.
This windshield scratch will take about an hour to remove.
This wine has a fruitier aroma than the one we tasted earlier.
This wine has a fruitier taste than the one we tasted before.
This wine has a good bouquet.
This wine is awful.
This wine is best consumed within the next two years.
This wine is cheap.
This wine is crap.
This wine is delicious.
This wine is excellent.
This wine is expensive.
This wine is extremely delicious.
This wine is extremely expensive.
This wine is fabulous.
This wine is inferior to that in its bouquet.
This wine is inferior to that one in flavor.
This wine is made from grapes.
This wine is made from local grapes.
This wine is outstanding.
This wine is over a year old.
This wine is pleasing to the palate.
This wine is pretty good.
This wine is really good.
This wine is red.
This wine is ridiculously expensive.
This wine is superior to that one in scent.
This wine is sweet.
This wine is very expensive.
This wine is very good.
This wine tastes awful!
This wine tastes awful.
This wine tastes corked!
This wine tastes good.
This wine tastes great.
This wine tastes of cork.
This wine tastes pretty bad.
This wine tastes terrible.
This wine's very intoxicating.
This winter I plan to go skiing every weekend.
This winter began with an unprecedented amount of snow.
This winter has been mild.
This winter has been very mild.
This winter has been warmer than usual, so far, without snow, here on Lulu Island. In the morning, this 27th of December of 2024, I walked twice to Tim Hortons: Firstly, I ate two hash browns with an oat milk iced coffee. Secondly, I ate a sausage egg English muffin meal, including a hash brown and oat milk iced coffee. I went to Starbucks for an oat nog latte. I missed Greg, my Filipino friend, who left just before me. Then, I went to Yummy Slice pizzeria for a red-can Coca-Cola Zero Sugar. The Filipina vendor Rose was there, so we said "Happy New Year" to each other. I passed by Kin's Farm fruteria. On my way home, in the park's alleyway, I met and talked with my ufologist friend, Michael J., a Dane-French. He amused himself with the red touque on my head, with orange letters in Tagalog: "MGA AWSTRALYA ANG MGA ESTRELYA" (The stars are Australias). I told him it was about "space colonization." There are the cold and hot deserts of other worlds. Then, I went to the house of my "auntie" neighbour, Tita Zeny, to pick up her homemade "dinuguán" or Filipino pork blood stew to bring home. Lunch at home would include Filipino chicken "adobo."
This winter has been warmer than usual.
This winter hasn't been cold.
This winter is expected to be colder than the previous one.
This winter is warm.
This winter seems harsher than usual.
This winter seems to be getting very cold.
This winter the record for snowfall was broken.
This winter we experienced many rainstorms.
This winter we will burn lots of wood.
This winter we're going to burn a lot of wood.
This winter will be mild.
This winter will be very cold.
This winter will probably be very cold.
This winter, around 50 mountaineers converged on the peak, an unprecedented number.
This winter, it snowed less than last.
This winter, temperatures are higher than normal.
This winter, we had more snow than usual.
This wire is hot.
This wire is really thin.
This wisdom tooth hurts.
This wise dinosaur was interviewed by a nature journal.
This with Sami had already gone bad.
This wizard uses a magic wand.
This woman definitely knows that she doesn't know what she wants.
This woman definitely knows that she doesn’t know what she wants.
This woman gives the impression of being wealthy.
This woman had been despised, scoffed at, and angrily denounced by nearly every man, woman, and child in the village; but now, as the fact of her death was passed from lip to lip, in subdued tones, pity took the place of anger, and sorrow of denunciation.
This woman had the task of cleaning the cabin, and not of taking care in the evenings of the mental health of the passengers.
This woman had three abortions.
This woman has beautiful hair.
This woman has black hair.
This woman has mental problems.
This woman has no sense of humor.
This woman has several horses.
This woman has suffered a trauma.
This woman has two bags.
This woman is Indian.
This woman is a close friend.
This woman is a doctor.
This woman is a prostitute.
This woman is a teacher.
This woman is blind.
This woman is brimming with energy.
This woman is crazy about you.
This woman is from China. She speaks Chinese.
This woman is haunted by a spirit.
This woman is ill.
This woman is mentally challenged.
This woman is more than eighty years old.
This woman is my aunt.
This woman is my wife.
This woman is not from Syria.
This woman is not pretty.
This woman is of gold and silver, not an alloy.
This woman is over eighty.
This woman is perfection incarnate.
This woman is sick.
This woman is sitting next to that man.
This woman is so special.
This woman is the embodiment of perfection.
This woman is ugly.
This woman is unwell.
This woman is very beautiful.
This woman is very good looking.
This woman is very thin.
This woman lied to me.
This woman loves her stepdaughter.
This woman remarried because her husband died.
This woman said what men could not say.
This woman understands that Blokker has to close.
This woman visited the old witch and asked "I want a baby. Can you tell me how to get one?".
This woman was in his house.
This woman will destroy you.
This woman's hair is smooth.
This won't affect Algeria at all.
This won't affect my decision.
This won't be a real diamond.
This won't be a safe place for a while.
This won't be allowed to continue.
This won't be boring.
This won't be difficult.
This won't be easy to forget.
This won't be easy, but we'll achieve it!
This won't be easy.
This won't be forgiven.
This won't be good.
This won't be hard.
This won't be my last time here.
This won't be so bad.
This won't be the last time this happens.
This won't be the last time.
This won't be the last we see from Tom.
This won't be the last we see of Tom.
This won't be the last word on the subject.
This won't burn.
This won't change the way that I feel.
This won't cost you anything.
This won't dissolve in water.
This won't do any good.
This won't do, gentlemen!
This won't do.
This won't end until one of us lies dead.
This won't end well.
This won't fit you.
This won't fix the problem.
This won't fly well with the higher-ups.
This won't go away.
This won't go unpunished.
This won't happen again.
This won't happen overnight.
This won't happen to you again.
This won't happen.
This won't have any consequences.
This won't help Tom.
This won't help us.
This won't help you.
This won't help.
This won't hurt a bit.
This won't hurt at all.
This won't hurt.
This won't last forever.
This won't last long.
This won't make the matter any easier.
This won't matter in the end.
This won't matter much if we're dead.
This won't solve anything.
This won't stay this way very long.
This won't take long to cook.
This won't take long, I promise.
This won't take long, will it?
This won't take long.
This won't take too much of your time.
This won't wait.
This won't win you any brownie points.
This won't work!
This won't work.
This wonderful man saved my life.
This wonderful “people's language” progresses so rapidly that it is impossible here to keep account of all that is written, said, and done.
This won’t be a real diamond.
This won’t do Bruno any good.
This won’t end well.
This won’t help you.
This won’t work!
This wood bridge doesn't look safe.
This wood has a beautiful grain.
This wood has a very nice grain.
This wood is sustainably harvested.
This wood must be protected.
This wood wallet is crafted from a single piece of walnut.
This wood was harvested from a sustainably managed forest.
