One thing I don't like about California is the earthquakes.
One thing I don't like about Tom is he never says thank you when you help him.
One thing I don't like about Tom is that he's always late.
One thing I don't like about studying grammar is that if you don't know the terminology, you can't understand it. That makes it hard for regular students.
One thing I don't like about the iPad is that you can't easily install apps that aren't available through Apple's App Store.
One thing I don't like about winter is climbing out of a warm bed.
One thing I don't like about winter is the cold weather.
One thing I don’t like about the iPad is that you can’t easily install apps that aren’t available through Apple’s App Store.
One thing I hate about Boston is the traffic.
One thing I hate is being cold.
One thing I have learned in a long life: that all our science, measured against reality, is primitive and childlike—and yet it is the most precious thing we have.
One thing I learned a long time ago was that anger clouds the mind. I've seen a lot of people I know personally transform into irrational beasts when angry, and this rant of yours is no exception. Try to keep calm.
One thing I like about Tom is his way of talking.
One thing I love about the internet is its timelessness.
One thing I really enjoy is visiting castles.
One thing I want you to remember is that I'll always love you.
One thing I will make very clear to you.
One thing I've always wanted to do is get a decent job close to home.
One thing I've always wanted to do is go camping with my family.
One thing I've always wanted to do is go on a sea cruise.
One thing I've always wanted to do is learn how to cook like you.
One thing I've always wanted to do is learn to fly an airplane.
One thing I've always wanted to do is run my own restaurant.
One thing I've always wanted to do is write a children's book.
One thing I've long wanted to say to you: you have bad breath.
One thing I’ve always wanted to do is get a decent job close to home.
One thing I’ve always wanted to do is go camping with my family.
One thing I’ve always wanted to do is go on a sea cruise.
One thing I’ve always wanted to do is learn how to cook like you.
One thing I’ve always wanted to do is learn to fly an airplane.
One thing I’ve always wanted to do is run my own restaurant.
One thing I’ve always wanted to do is write a children’s book.
One thing Tom and Mary hate is not being taken seriously.
One thing Tom and Mary have in common is their love of music.
One thing Tom does that isn't very safe is that he uses the same password for every website.
One thing Tom does that isn’t very safe is that he uses the same password for every website.
One thing Tom hates is not being taken seriously.
One thing Tom really enjoys is playing chess with Mary.
One thing a married man should never forget is his wedding anniversary.
One thing astronauts have to be good at: living in confined spaces for long periods of time.
One thing did strike me as curious.
One thing did strike me as strange.
One thing hasn't changed.
One thing here is correctly named, but only one.
One thing is certain: Algeria is changing.
One thing is certain: he was right.
One thing is crystal clear: Sami isn't coming.
One thing is for sure: If you keep up the relationship like this, it won't be good, either for you, or for your children.
One thing is going to happen no matter what. You have control over the other thing.
One thing is sure, Algeria is changing.
One thing is sure, love is beautiful.
One thing leads to another.
One thing led to another and they went upstairs where they had sex.
One thing led to another.
One thing life has taught me: if you are interested, you never have to look for new interests. They come to you. When you are genuinely interested in one thing, it will always lead to something else.
One thing many people don't like about the fall is raking leaves.
One thing never changes.
One thing remains doubtful.
One thing should not be forgotten: a program cannot think.
One thing that I didn't like about Boston was the weather.
One thing that I don't like about Tom is that he never says thank you when you help him.
One thing that I don't like about Tom is that he's always late.
One thing that I don't like about the winter is getting out of my warm bed in the morning.
One thing that draws Yanni and Skura together is their love for the Berber language.
One thing that separates real conspiracies from made-up ones is that Alex Jones doesn't talk about the real ones.
One thing that won't change is how much I love you.
One thing that won't change is my salary.
One thing that won't change is our commitment to our customers.
One thing that won't change is our price.
One thing there is for which so great a good is deferred: We must circumcise every male among us, following the manner of the nation. And their substance, and cattle, and all that they possess, shall be ours; only in this let us condescend, and by dwelling together, we shall make one people.
One thing to consider is the cost.
One thing was certain, that the white kitten had had nothing to do with it: — it was the black kitten's fault entirely.
One thing we don't know is whether Tom can do that or not.
One thing we know is Tom sometimes does that.
One thing we know is that Tom sometimes does that.
One thing we often talk about is sports.
One thing we're worried about is flooding.
One thing you definitely don't want to do is borrow money from Tom.
One thing you definitely don't want to do is to go out alone after dark.
One thing you should know about me is that I hate exercising.
One thing you should know about me is that I play poker every Friday night.
One thing you should know about me is that I seldom cry.
One thing you should know about me is that I'm a little overweight.
One thing you should know about me is that I'm obsessed with punctuality.
One thing you should know about me is that I’m a little overweight.
One thing you should know about me is that I’m obsessed with punctuality.
One thing's bothering me.
One thing's for sure: nobody can stop me!
One thing's for sure: you can expect the unexpected.
One thing, however, is much less equivocal, which is, that out of the matters contained in those books, together with the assistance of some old stories, the church has set up a system of religion very contradictory to the character of the person whose name it bears.
One thing. I want my Republican colleagues to give me one thing. One. That I can go campaign on and say we did. One!
One thinks with one's brain.
One third of children who die before the age of 5 die from malnutrition.
One third of nine is three.
One third of the earth's surface is desert.
One third of the friends I grew up with are dead.
One third of the population of that country cannot read.
One third of the six members were women.
One third of this country's inhabitants are illiterate.
One thought driven home is better than three left on base.
One thought keeps going round my head.
One thousand buildings lay in ruins.
One thousand dollars will cover all the expenses for the party.
One thousand million adults are illiterate.
One thousand two hundred and fifty-six soldiers destroyed the fortress of Alamut.
One thousand years later, aliens came to Earth only to find the damned remains of a wicked civilization.
One ticket costs five hundred yen.
One time a bird of many colors saw a young elephant.
One time he had even told a man off.
One time is enough.
One time my Furby said "I can't see!", and ten seconds later my power went out.
One time when I was a kid, I saw a beautiful picture of a snake swallowing an elephant.
One time, I drove from Bejaia to Algiers in one shot.
One time, I had to call a taxi to take me back home because of how tired I was.
One time, I went drinking with some co-workers, and one of them suddenly started to cry. I didn't know what to do.
One time, I went to the atelier of a painter I had just met in the middle of the night. It was a dark room in an attic.
One time, It's easy to be the best. To stay the best, that's the real challenge.
One time, a cop pulled me over, and he thought I was drunk because I was stuttering.
One time, after eating a bag of Turkish dried figs, I almost built a log cabin in the toilet.
One times one is one, according to mathematics.
One tire looks a little flat.
One today is worth two tomorrows.
One tooth stuck out of the creature's top lip.
One touch of nature makes the whole world kin.
One town has excellent sports facilities.
One train can hide another.
One trillion is a very large number.
One troy pound weighs twelve troy ounces.
One two three...
One vacancy remains to be filled.
One van Gogh painting that especially influenced him was “The Starry Night”, painted in eighteen eighty-nine. The curving brushstrokes of van Gogh’s expressive sky look like explosions of blue fire.
One vendor outside a Milan railway station said he was selling the masks for $11 each.
One very important word is "please".
One vice leads to another.
One views things differently according to whether one is rich or poor.
One village of indomitable Gauls still resists the invaders.
One vital clue that scientists are considering is that the mosquitoes use exhaled carbon dioxide as a way of zeroing in on their targets. If that’s so, disrupting the carbon dioxide detection machinery of mosquitoes could halt the spread of diseases they transmit.
One volunteer, former Thai Navy SEAL Saman Gunan, died last Friday while placing air tanks along the escape path.
One vomits what they do not digest.
One was a knight and the other was a cook.
One was beautiful, intelligent and funny, and the other ugly, stupid and depressing.
One was consumed by his emotions, the other consumed his own emotions.
One was eaten by his heart, the other ate his own heart.
One was heavy.
One was never married, and that's his hell; another is, and that's his plague.
One was never married, and that’s his hell; another is, and that’s his plague.
One was the gray goose, who afterward became very friendly, and the other, a white gander from the farm on the opposite side of the road.
One way Germany hopes to reduce its carbon footprint – and appease the young climate activists – is by rolling out new and innovative trains.
One way I practice Spanish is by writing down the Spanish dub of TV shows onto a script.
One way animals asexually reproduce is via fragmentation.
One way astronauts endure isolation in space is knowing that their work has a social impact.
One way cats show affection is by spending a lot of time around you.
One way is not better than the other.
One way isn't better than the other.
One way of committing suicide is by taking a swan dive off a tall building.
One way of resolving this problem, according to some philosophers, could be the development of an artificial, philosophical second language according to new logical structures that are more apt for communicating these new ideas and all other universal concepts.
One way or another he usually gets his way.
One way or another, I'm going to be the final winner.
One way or another, I'm going to win in the end.
One way or another, Tom usually gets his way.
One way or another, capitalism will end.
One way or another, we have to get this job finished by Monday.
One way or another, we'll figure out how to do this.
One way or another, we'll figure out how to fix this.
One way or another, we'll find Tom.
One way or another, we're going to make this work.
One way or the other we made him understand it.
One way scientists are following the spread of the brown marmorated stink bug is by setting traps.
One way to deal with him is to let him think his own way.
One way to find out is to ask Tom.
One way to get money was to borrow it.
One way to get there is practice, practice, practice.
One way to get vitamin D is from sunshine.
One way to learn a foreign language is to interact with native speakers of that language.
One way to lose weight is to eat less.
One way to lose weight is to not eat between meals.
One way to lose weight is to only eat when you're hungry.
One way to lower the number of errors in the Tatoeba Corpus would be to encourage people to only translate into their native languages instead of the other way around.
One way to lower the number of errors in the Tatoeba Corpus would be to encourage people to only translate into their native languages instead of vice versa.
One way to lower the number of errors in the Tatoeba Corpus would be to encourage people to only translate into their native languages.
One week ago, another one of my childhood heroes died.
One week later, I found out all the details.
One weekend all of the hotels in the city were full because there was a large convention.
One weekend, all of the hotels in the city were full.
One went fishing, another went shopping.
One who always looks back may stumble.
One who contradicts himself has more chances than someone else to occasionally express something true.
One who criticizes Israel's alleged human rights violations against the people of Palestine should not automatically be labelled as an anti-Semite.
One who desires honey must bear the bee stings.
One who does evil hates the light.
One who does not change course when he is unhappy at work or in love slowly dies.
One who does not work should not eat.
One who doesn't make a decision is making a wrong decision.
One who doesn't take risks will not win.
One who doesn’t take risks will not win.
One who eats spicy food will be thirsty.
One who fears wolves doesn't enter the forest.
One who has everything can lose everything.
One who has no goals in life, lives only to die.
One who has suffered a snake bite fears a rope.
One who has wax has honey.
One who hopes to inherit can wait for a long time.
One who is able to understand, does not need explanations.
One who is always happy is seldom rich.
One who is blinded by love admires even a monster.
One who is not willing to learn is not worth teaching.
One who keeps good hours will live long.
One who knows no love knows no unhappiness.
One who laughs without reason is bad.
One who listens to one's recorded voice has the sensation of listening to a stranger.
One who longs for death is miserable, but more miserable is he who fears it.
One who loves danger, shall perish in it.
One who loves flowers cannot be a bad person.
One who not long ago thought he had control over something is suddenly lying motionless in a wooden box, and when everyone around sees that such a person is no longer good for anything, they simply burned him up in an oven.
One who ponders finds the truth.
One who seeks to become feared, only manages to become hated.
One who steals a hook is put to death for it: another who steals a state becomes its prince.
One who tells the truth needs a fast horse.
One who thinks proceeds cautiously.
One who wakes up late, for him, there may not be enough bread.
One who wants to belong to himself can't look nice.
One who works alone adds; those who work together multiply.
One whose own shadow is their enemy, finds no safety neither in India nor in Khotan.
One wife is enough.
One will be judged by one's appearance first of all.
One will be judged by one’s appearance first of all.
One winter morning I met him.
One winter's day, when it snowed, he brought out a burning-glass, then he held out the tail of his blue coat, and let the snow-flakes fall upon it. "Look in this glass, Gerda," said he; and she saw how every flake of snow was magnified, and looked like a beautiful flower or a glittering star.
One withstands the invasion of armies; one does not withstand the invasion of ideas.
One witness was present.
One woman was crying.
One woman was killed.
One won't be able to hear music in that pub.
One won't profit by an insincere gift.
One wonders how it's possible.
One wonders how it’s possible.
One wonders if he'll complete his task.
One wonders if there's an easier way of doing this.
One wonders if they observed what took place.
One wonders who was unjust.
One wonders why so many SAT words are requested here.
One wonders why.
One won’t hear much music in that pub.
One word and you're a dead man.
One word becomes more important in contact with another.
One word is enough for a wise man.
One word is sometimes enough.
One word leads to another.
One word led to the other.
One word to those who understand it is worth more than a whole speech to those who do not understand it.
One word was enough.
One would be enough.
One would have taken her for a little angel, she was so beautiful; for her swooning had not dimmed the brightness of her complexion: her cheeks were carnation, and her lips coral.
One would imagine that such a match would be very welcome to Stapleton, and yet I have more than once caught a look of the strongest disapprobation in his face when Sir Henry has been paying some attention to his sister.
One would justly put it down to our neglect.
One would like to have a collection of last words of famous people.
One would say these two are twins.
One would think so.
One would think these declarations were made by a demonic character straight out of a horror film, and yet they were said by a political leader of a country considered "democratic and civilized."
One writes by being a miner of oneself.
One wrong move and you're dead meat.
One year after Mary's death Tom is still wearing black.
One year has twelve months.
One year is not enough to visit all the places in Kyoto.
One year later we married.
One year later, Paul was born.
One year should be enough.
One yours is worth more than two you will have.
One's as bad as the other.
One's destination is never a place but rather a new way of looking at things.
One's dreams do not always come true.
One's face fills with wrinkles because time does not pass in vain.
One's fall from grace can come swiftly.
One's freedom ends where another's begins.
One's got to do what one's got to do.
One's great-grandparent's parents would be great-great-grandparents.
One's ideas must be as broad as Nature if they are to interpret Nature.
One's life is like going far with a burden on one's back.
One's lifestyle is largely determined by money.
One's new. The other's old.
One's own name is the sweetest and the most important sound in the world for anybody.
One's own well-being should always come first.
One's own will overrides any command.
One's partner should not be a burden to them.
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes. In the long run, we shape our lives, and we shape ourselves.
One's point of view depends on the point where one sits.
One's preferences do not determine what's true.
One's spirituality is a long serendipitous journey.
One's success in life has little to do with one's inborn gift.
One's talent is in need of discipline.
One's teachers should be treated with respect.
One's view is determined by his education, sex, class and age.
One, it is said, died that very night of what he had seen, and the other twain were but broken men for the rest of their days.
One, that bore / the brave Orontes and his Lycian crew, / full in AEneas' sight a toppling wave o'erthrew. / Dashed from the tiller, down the pilot rolled. / Thrice round the billow whirled her, as she lay, / then whelmed below.
One, three, and five are odd numbers.
One, three, five, seven and nine are odd numbers.
One, two, three!
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, and ten are numbers.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
One, two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, go!
One, two, three…
One-fifth of my wages go to taxes.
One-fifth of my wages goes to taxes.
One-fifth of the Earth's surface is covered by permafrost.
One-fifth of the Earth’s surface is covered by permafrost.
One-nil! Rovers open the scoring with an exquisitely worked goal!
One-one! City are back on level terms before half-time.
One-third is less than one-half.
One-third of an apple is always given to our youngest daughter.
One-third of the American workforce is currently involved in the so-called gig economy, about 10% of them full time. The rest are part time, picking up gigs — such as driving for the Uber car service — to supplement income from another job.
One-third of the Earth’s surface is desert.
One-third of the earth's land surface is desert.
One-third of the six members were women.
One-thousand people in Australia have conducted a four-day bird flu exercise that simulated the arrival of a planeload of flu-stricken passengers at Brisbane's international airport. The drill included customs officers, the police, and health workers.
Oneself decides whether it is important.
Onesies are comfortable.
One’s dreams do not always come true.
One’s life is like going far with a burden on one’s back.
One’s lifestyle is largely determined by money.
One’s new. The other’s old.
One’s own dog doesn’t make noise — he only barks.
One’s point of view depends on the point where one sits.
One’s success in life has little to do with one’s inborn gift.
One’s talent is in need of discipline.
One’s view is determined by his education, sex, class and age.
Ongoing conflict and instability have severely hampered economic development and infrastructure growth in Afghanistan.
Oni is the name of a being in Japanese folklore.
Onion can be used in almost all dishes.
Onion has a strong smell and flavor.
Onion rings are so much better than french fries.
Onion soup is a famous French dish.
Onions are a staple in this area of Algeria.
Onions are cultivated and used around the world.
Onions are delicious.
Onions are expensive now.
Onions are tasty.
Onions can be eaten raw or cooked.
Onions can be used in many dishes.
Onions cook faster than potatoes.
Onions cook more quickly than potatoes.
Onions make me cry.
Onions rings are an underrated alternative to fries.
Online VR chatrooms like VRChat can be very engaging experiences.
Online advertising can reach nearly every global market, and online advertising influences offline sales.
Online and social media also allow Gen Zers to shut out the outside world and live within online communities and echo chambers.
Online and social media, for example, have opened up the world for Gen Zers, encouraging them to connect and collaborate with others around the world.
Online banking is very convenient.
Online bullies sought to humiliate Rodrigo by sharing edited and manipulated images of him on social media.
Online bullies targeted Rodrigo with hurtful comments and messages.
Online bullies targeted Rodrigo's achievements and talents, belittling his accomplishments and undermining his confidence.
Online bullies targeted Rodrigo's appearance, making disparaging remarks about his physical features.
Online bullies targeted Rodrigo, spreading rumors and posting derogatory messages about him.
Online courses seem helpful.
Online dating can be dangerous.
Online dating may be dangerous.
Online deliveries from supermarkets appear to be no longer working.
Online dictionaries are very useful resources.
Online education has become accessible and is growing in popularity.
Online gambling is a bad idea.
Online gambling sites provided about 10% of the island's income in 2014.
Online games provide fun ways for friends to interact together.
Online hate speech can incite real-world violence and discrimination.
Online higher ed has been growing pretty steadily for the past decade.
Online purchases have increased fifteen percent over last year.
Online racists are apt to describe their activity in the most abstract possible terms, hoping no one will look further into it.
Online shopping can be a huge ripoff.
Online trolls relentlessly bullied Rodrigo through social media platforms.
Online, businesses can export all over the world.
Onlookers crowded the crime scene.
Onlookers had gathered around.
Onlookers see most of the game.
Only 1% of applicants pass the exam.
Only 15 to 19 percent of soldiers will actually kill. This percentage is the same number as psychopaths and narcissists in the general public, for they turn off their mirror nerves (empathy).
Only 16 percent of the teachers of this school are female.
Only 2.1 percent of the music albums released in 2009 sold 5,000 copies or more.
Only 20 percent of people over 55 in the European Union get by in English.
Only 20% of Montenegro's hydropower potential is utilized.
Only 29% of boys, but 71% of girls said that they had never played a collaborative online computer game.
Only 3 out of the 98 passengers survived.
Only 30% of the Irish population speaks Irish.
Only 300 people came to the stadium to watch us play.
Only 36 per cent of secondary schools in England were teaching German in 2021.
Only 40 percent of students go on to university.
Only 47% of Gen Z said they preferred learning on paper books, compared with 60% of millennials.
Only 5 million people live in Norway.
Only 514 people have been in space.
Only 7% of Gen Z college students found social media to be the most trustworthy news source. Instead, more than 50% of Gen Z students said they believe online newspapers and news sites to be the most trustworthy.
Only 700 of the more than 2000 people onboard survived.
Only 764 of the ship's 1,962 passengers and crew survived.
Only Alica and the rabbit live in Wonderland.
Only Allah is perfect.
Only Anton can answer that for you.
Only Armenians know the history of Armenia.
Only Chernobyl comes to mind whenever I think about Ukraine. Oh, and wasn't Serhiy Nazarovych Bubka Ukrainian, too?
Only Damiano can do the job.
Only Dan can tell us how Linda died.
Only David has enough money to hire a lawyer.
Only Diego Garcia, the largest and most southerly of the islands, is inhabited.
Only Edmundo was left standing.
Only Gabor's blood was left.
Only Gabriel has a rifle.
Only God can answer that question.
Only God can help me.
Only God can help you now.
Only God can judge me.
Only God can safely be omnipotent.
Only God can save me.
Only God forgives.
Only God guides.
Only God is divine.
Only God is infallible.
Only God is omnipotent.
Only God is perfect.
Only God knows why.
Only God knows.
Only Gunter and Walid were left alive.
Only Gunter’s head was left unshredded.
Only I among people my age have never owned a phone.
Only I can do it. I did it alone.
Only I can help Tom with that.
Only I can save you.
Only I could answer the question correctly.
Only I was able to jump across the stream then.
Only Ivan can see the ghost spirits.
Only Japan has an older demographic than Italy among advanced countries.
Only John's closest confidants know what he has for breakfast.
Only Mary calls Jackson Tom.
Only Mary was nice to me.
Only Miroslav's eyes were showing.
Only Naoko drinks coffee.
Only Obama knew about it.
Only Obama knows that.
Only Scorpios people have the innate power to allow a Capricorn native to open up emotionally and can help them have an easier time with pouring out all of their feelings so well hidden and so well camouflaged under a broad layer of shyness.
Only Tahmid can do that.
Only Tahmid is able to do that.
Only Takeuchi did not accept the invitation.
Only Takeuchi didn't accept the invitation.
Only Takeuchi didn’t accept the invitation.
Only Tom and Mary have noticed what happened.
Only Tom and Mary know that.
Only Tom and Mary know the inside story.
Only Tom and Mary know.
Only Tom and Mary laughed.
Only Tom and Mary were at home.
Only Tom and Mary will be there.
Only Tom came.
Only Tom can answer that for you.
Only Tom can answer that question.
Only Tom can answer that.
Only Tom can clarify it.
Only Tom can do it.
Only Tom can do something like that.
Only Tom can do that.
Only Tom can do this.
Only Tom can help me now.
Only Tom can help them.
Only Tom can help you.
Only Tom can hurt me.
Only Tom can leave.
Only Tom can manage such a congested worksite.
Only Tom can modify that.
Only Tom can operate this machine.
Only Tom can save us.
Only Tom can solve that problem.
Only Tom can talk to Mary.
Only Tom can tell us what needs to be done.
Only Tom could be so cruel.
Only Tom could see the ghost.
Only Tom could've come up with something like that.
Only Tom dared speak the truth.
Only Tom did it.
Only Tom did that.
Only Tom didn't want to go.
Only Tom drinks tea.
Only Tom got arrested.
Only Tom has a key.
Only Tom has access to it.
Only Tom has noticed what happened.
Only Tom has stayed there.
Only Tom is capable of that.
Only Tom is left.
Only Tom knows that.
Only Tom knows the answer.
Only Tom knows the truth.
Only Tom knows the way to the hut.
Only Tom knows where the stolen diamonds are hidden.
Only Tom knows.
Only Tom left early.
Only Tom left.
Only Tom liked it.
Only Tom noticed it.
Only Tom saw it.
Only Tom saw the killer's face.
Only Tom smiled.
Only Tom spoke in French.
Only Tom stayed.
Only Tom understood me, and he misunderstood me.
Only Tom was burned.
Only Tom was nice to me.
Only Tom was on deck.
Only Tom was there.
Only Tom will do that.
Only Tom would have known that.
Only Tom would have the guts to do that kind of thing.
Only Tom would know that.
Only Tom would use the purchase of a new TV as an excuse to throw a party.
Only Tom would've known that.
Only Tom's valuables were taken.
Only Tom, himself, knows that.
Only Turkey and Brazil have implemented all of WHO's recommended anti-tobacco measures. These include graphic images on cigarette packages warning of the dangers of smoking, banning tobacco advertising and promotion, and raising taxes on tobacco products.
Only Vladimir is moving to Algeria.
Only Yanni can do that.
Only Ziri can make Rima happy.
Only Ziri graduated.
Only Ziri is aware of that.
Only Ziri noticed the car.
Only Ziri would eat this shit.
Only Ziri's head was visible.
Only Ziri's relatives live there.
Only a Sith deals in absolutes.
Only a Sith would appreciate the lack of compromise inherent in a prime number.
Only a bareback rider at the circus shaves her legs above the knees.
Only a beast takes pleasure in killing.
Only a butthole would say something like that.
Only a camel could leave footprints like that.
Only a captain should wear an armband on the field.
Only a complete imbecile would do that.
Only a dolt could fail to understand what was implied by that letter.
Only a few TV programs are worth watching.
Only a few boys were there.
Only a few can afford that college.
Only a few children were in the park.
Only a few close friends were allowed to visit Yuri.
Only a few days are left!
Only a few drops of rain have fallen.
Only a few ended up satisfied.
Only a few escaped to tell the story.
Only a few girls were there.
Only a few have that gift?
Only a few members turned up at the meeting.
Only a few millimeters are involved in that.
Only a few mountains are higher than our mountain.
Only a few oddments of fabric are needed for this project.
Only a few of my friends are married.
Only a few of my friends can speak French really well.
Only a few of my friends can speak French.
Only a few of my friends can't swim.
Only a few of my friends have cats.
Only a few of my friends have two cars.
Only a few of the audience members were Canadians.
Only a few of the deck chairs ranged around the bandstand were occupied.
Only a few of the passengers were badly injured.
Only a few of the passengers were injured.
Only a few of the passengers were wearing seat belts.
Only a few of the students seemed interested in what Tom had to say.
Only a few of them are Canadians.
Only a few of those in the audience were Canadians.
Only a few of us are from Boston.
Only a few of us can do that.
Only a few of us can speak French.
Only a few of us can understand French.
Only a few of us have to go there.
Only a few of us here can speak French.
Only a few of us know how to do that.
Only a few of us know how to speak French.
Only a few of us know how to swim.
Only a few of us know what to do.
Only a few of us managed to survive.
Only a few of us survived.
Only a few of us were able to do that.
Only a few people agreed with Tom.
Only a few people are able to do that.
Only a few people are truly alive. And those who are never die.
Only a few people around here speak French.
Only a few people around here speak any English.
Only a few people attended the meeting.
Only a few people came to our concert.
Only a few people came to the meeting yesterday.
Only a few people came to the meeting.
Only a few people can do that.
Only a few people close by can hear the note and they do not pay us any attention, except to think that maybe we are a little nuttier than is normal for musicians.
Only a few people close to Ziri have ever heard about that.
Only a few people close to Ziri have ever heard that story.
Only a few people did that here yesterday.
Only a few people didn't go there.
Only a few people didn’t go there.
Only a few people have two cars.
Only a few people here know I used to live in Boston.
Only a few people here know I'm Canadian.
Only a few people here know Tom has spent time in prison.
Only a few people here know Tom is from Australia.
Only a few people here know Tom is from Boston.
Only a few people here know Tom is my brother.
Only a few people here know that I used to live in Boston.
Only a few people here know that I'm Canadian.
Only a few people here know that Tom and Mary are from Boston.
Only a few people here know that Tom has spent time in prison.
Only a few people here know that Tom is from Australia.
Only a few people here know that Tom is from Boston.
Only a few people here know that Tom is my brother.
Only a few people knew the truth.
Only a few people know how to do that.
Only a few people know the truth.
Only a few people listened to him.
Only a few people live to be my age.
Only a few people noticed it.
Only a few people participated.
Only a few people showed up on time for the meeting.
Only a few people showed up on time.
Only a few people thought it was cool.
Only a few people understood me.
Only a few people were in the room.
Only a few people were sitting in the room.
Only a few people were there.
Only a few sailors can be seen.
Only a few sailors could be seen.
Only a few shops were open by the time we got downtown.
Only a few stones remain.
Only a few students can read Latin.
Only a few students get perfect grades in Chinese Classics.
Only a few students in the classroom were actually awake.
Only a few students knew his last name.
Only a few students passed the exam.
Only a few students understood the assignment.
Only a few students understood the matter.
Only a few students were there.
Only a few survive this.
Only a few understood what he said.
Only a few wanted a change.
Only a few years after the death of this maestro, his works were forgotten.
Only a fool doesn't fear the sea.
Only a fool doesn’t fear the sea.
Only a fool folds a winning hand.
Only a fool follows.
Only a fool is obedient.
Only a fool never changes his mind.
Only a fool tests the depth of a river with both feet.
Only a fool would do something like that.
Only a fool would do that.
Only a fool would lend Tom money.
Only a fool would lend money to Tom.
Only a fool would trust Dasha.
Only a fool would trust Mary.
Only a fool would trust Tom.
Only a free people can be happy.
Only a halfwit would say something like that.
Only a handful of Algerian citizens live in this country.
Only a handful of activists are articulate in our union.
Only a handful of activists in our union are articulate.
Only a handful of activists in our union are getting on our backs.
Only a handful of activists in our union are getting on us.
Only a handful of men want to take childcare leave.
Only a handful of people came to the meeting.
Only a handful of people know the fact.
Only a hungry person knows the value of hunger.
Only a kid can enjoy this game.
Only a knucklehead would do that.
Only a little bit of milk remains in the bottle.
Only a little. Tell us the nature of your problem.
Only a liver transplant can save Ziri.
Only a male intellect clouded by the sexual drive could call the stunted, narrow-shouldered, broad-hipped and short-legged sex the fair sex.
Only a miracle can help us now.
Only a miracle can save Tom now.
Only a miracle can save Tom.
Only a miracle can save me.
Only a miracle can save us now.
Only a miracle can save us.
Only a miracle may get him out of it.
Only a moment remains!
Only a monster would eat dog meat.
Only a narrow-minded man can disavow his native language absorbed with his mother's milk.
Only a person who can live with himself can enjoy the gift of leisure.
Only a politician would do something like that.
Only a poor man knows what such a passion costs in cab-hire, gloves, linen, tailor's bills, and the like. If the Platonic stage lasts a little too long, the affair grows ruinous.
Only a poor man knows what such a passion costs in cab-hire, gloves, linen, tailor’s bills, and the like. If the Platonic stage lasts a little too long, the affair grows ruinous.
Only a sage can make a golem.
Only a self-determination referendum can end the war in Western Sahara.
Only a shoe knows about a hole in a sock.
Only a sincere apology will appease my anger.
Only a slave would say that.
Only a small part of the deep ocean has been explored.
Only a small touch remained.
Only a sociopath could do something like that.
Only a structural engineer can tell you whether the bridge is sound.
Only a thief knows the ways of a thief.
Only a thin wall separated Boldi and Martha.
Only a third of the students came to class today.
Only a total grinch could object to kids having fun, even if they are making a bit of noise.
Only a true artist would agree to sing for his supper because he knows it would taste better that way.
Only a violin resounded in the apartment.
Only a wealthy family can afford this treatment.
Only a wonder can help us now.
Only a year later, Daniel became a famous musician.
Only about 15 per cent of people with autism are in the workforce, mainly because people are so judgemental about them.
Only about 70% of the population is literate, and the rate drops to around 60% for women.
Only about half of what Tom said was true.
Only about half the 38 attempts to land on the moon have been successful.
Only about one in every ten students in Switzerland receives a grant.
Only about six percent of the world's professional classical music orchestras are headed by women.
Only about thirty people came to Tom's concert.
Only about thirty people in Australia can do that.
Only about thirty people showed up.
Only accept wrapped candies, not homemade treats.
Only adults are allowed to do that.
Only adults are allowed to do this.
Only adults are permitted do that.
Only adults can see this film.
Only adults may watch that film.
Only adults were allowed to do that.
Only adults will be allowed to do that.
Only after I had phoned him did he come.
Only after a century and a half of confusion was the royal authority restored.
Only after a long dispute did they come to a conclusion.
Only after leaving school I realized how important it is to study.
Only after midnight did he regain consciousness.
Only after perceiving harmony you may become great.
Only after the last tree has been cut down, the last river has been poisoned and the last fish has been caught will you realize that money cannot be eaten.
Only afterward did he explain why he did it.
Only afterwards did it hurt.
Only an ardent fan could create such a faithful pastiche of the artist's works.
Only an artist can interpret the meaning of life.
Only an audacious mind will be able to solve this riddle.
Only an early death grants eternal youth.
Only an expert can tell them apart.
Only an hour would elapse before all the water had evaporated.
Only an idiot has to experience everything for themselves.
Only an immediate operation can save the patient's life.
Only an insane person would do something like that.
Only an insane person would do that.
Only an utter narcissist could say, mere hours after the coordinated attacks of September 11th, 2001: "My building was the second-tallest in Lower Manhattan, and now it’s the tallest."
Only animal products contain cholesterol.
Only animals should wear fur.
Only answer the question. There's not enough time.
Only around four thousand bats remain here.
Only artists and children see life as it is.
Only as I stood in front of the shop, I realized that it was already closed.
Only ask questions to which the reply can be either "yes" or "no".
Only at her mother's command, sternly uttered, she summoned strength enough to restore to her plighted suitor the piece of broken gold which was the emblem of her troth.
Only at the end does one understand the title.
Only authorized individuals are allowed to enter the demilitarized zone.
Only believe what you see with your own eyes.
Only blood appeared on the surface of the water.
Only boring people get bored.
Only boys are allowed in here.
Only bring the most important necessities.
Only build a house on strong foundations.
Only buy what is absolutely essential.
Only by allowing runners to use their feet can we finally stop the arms race.
Only by prohibiting all nuclear weapons, we can together stop the arms race.
Only by prohibiting nuclear weapons altogether can we stop the arms race.
Only carry your possessions.
Only carrying things out brings change.
Only cats are born simply like that.
Only cats have nine lives. You have but one.
Only certain snakes are venomous but I fear all of them.
Only citizens are eligible.
Only cleaners are authorized to enter into the meeting room.
Only club members have access to this lounge.
Only collaboration can save humanity.
Only college graduates are eligible for this job.
Only cooperation can save humanity.
Only cross the street on the green light.
Only dead fish follow the stream.
Only dead fish go with the current.
Only death can end our friendship.
Only death can part us.
Only death cures all pain.
Only death is certain in the world.
Only dedicated girls can endure this task.
Only dick-licking people pleasers would agree with a media clown like Edy Cohen.
Only do what Tom tells you.
Only do what pleases you.
Only dumb people and dead people never change their minds.
Only during hard times do people come to understand how difficult it is to be master of their feelings and thoughts.
Only eight of the atolls are inhabited.
Only enemies speak the truth; friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of duty.
Only environmentally aware operators receive this award.
Only ever reading books like you do is bad for your health.
Only experts can tell them apart.
Only family remains.
Only few days left for me to take some holidays.
Only fifteen minutes.
Only fifty people came.
Only five instead of ten units were delivered.
Only fools and dead men don't change their minds.
Only fools and dead men never change their minds.
Only fools don't change minds.
Only fools never change their minds.
Only fools take risks.
Only for grownups.
Only foreigners are affected by this law.
Only forgiveness can break the endless cycle of revenge.
Only four horses competed in the race.
Only four horses participated in the competition.
Only four horses were in the race.
Only four in 10 Africans have ever heard the term climate change, according to a 2019 Afrobarometer survey.
Only four ingredients are needed to make one of the oldest staples of mankind. Mix water, hops, malt and yeast and you’re well on your way to making beer. But it’s beer’s smallest ingredient that’s making the biggest splash today.
Only four of the eight giraffes survived the journey.
Only four people are allowed.
Only four people showed up for the exam.
Only four walls and a screen!
Only fresh veg is sold here.
Only fresh vegetables are sold here.
Only friends can show you the feeling you've always searched for.
Only gather what belongs to you.
Only girls are allowed to do that.
Only girls' shoes are sold here.
Only girls’ shoes are sold here.
Only give Tom as much money as he needs.
Only give your opinion when it is requested.
Only go to other people's parties if you are invited.
Only going half way is more painful than continuing on to your goal.
Only half of all military planes can fight. The rest are used for other tasks.
Only half the disk of the sun was still peeking over the horizon.
Only half the office was finished.
Only he and the heavens know what he experienced.
Only he knows about that.
Only he knows what it is.
Only he knows.
Only he read the letter.
Only he was capable of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory!
Only he who caused a love wound can heal it.
Only he who does nothing makes no mistakes.
Only high officials had access to the President.
Only hope can keep me together now.
Only human beings are capable of speech.
Only humans can laugh.
Only humans name things.
Only idiots destroy their spaceship.
Only idiots keep making the same mistakes. Smart people always make new mistakes.
Only idiots think Tom is a good guy after what he did.
Only if I could!
Only if a foreigner has read much English poetry can he understand Shakespeare.
Only if it were true!
Only if it's not too much trouble.
Only if it’s not too much trouble.
Only if there's a cancellation, and that would be a bolt out of the blue.
Only if there’s a cancellation, and that would be a bolt out of the blue.
Only if you come will she come to my birthday party.
Only if you loved me the way I loved you.
Only if you put up a different sign can you become a miscellany store.
Only if you study hard will you be able to get into university.
Only immediate family members attended Tom and Mary's wedding.
Only in David's arms can Barbara sleep well.
Only in May do we get to see the purple alliums burst like mini floral fireworks.
Only in San Francisco are burritos supposed to be that big around.
Only in death will she see her faults.
Only in every third German household are meals still cooked daily.
Only in love are unity and duality not in conflict.
Only in movies do you see people on a raft crossing the great sea!
Only in novels do you find individuals who live out their whole life with unvarying character.
Only in our store will you find footrests at surprisingly low prices.
Only in philosophy can you use a circular argument and get praised for it.
Only in the Philippines is there bangsilog without milkfish.
Only in the corner window on the third floor is a light burning.
Only in the land of Goshen, where the children of Israel were, the hail fell not.
Only in the middle there trickles still a tiny stream of thick, black water, in which the little palegreen leaves of the duck-weed lazily drift along.
Only in the second round the Communist Party told the working class: "Do not vote for the right wing."
Only in theory, the project is possible.
Only in trusting the future is it possible to trust in the present.
Only individuals with an aberrant temperament can in the long run retain their self-esteem in the face of the disesteem of their fellows.
Only international students live in the new dormitory.
Only interrupt me if it's strictly necessary.
Only joking!
Only joking.
Only lately has Ziri found out that Rima has been acting like that because she was in love with Walid.
Only listen to Kabyle radio.
Only looks and money count in this world.
Only love can break your heart.
Only madmen aren't afraid of dying.
Only make believe I love you.
Only male insects sing and they don't sing like humans or birds. They don't have vocal chords.
Only mammals like us—with our highly developed brains, our opposable thumbs and our urge to collect, understand and display—could have put together an exhibit as fascinating and varied as the "Extreme Mammals" show.
Only man knows how to use fire.
Only manual laborers need a high carbohydrate diet.
Only members of the club are entitled to use this room.
Only members of the company are entitled to use the facilities.
Only men are allowed to play on this team.
Only men of considerable vanity write books.
Only men suffer from the disease.
Only men who are free can create the works which make life worth living.
Only minor changes have been made since then.
Only miserable and inglorious death awaits you here.
Only money cannot do anything.
Only monsters don't cry.
Only months into their marriage, Mary began to see a darker side to Tom.
Only my best friend would understand my love for minions.
Only my mother really understands me.
Only my mother understands me.
Only my mother understood me.
Only my seat is cut off from that bustle.
Only myself, Santiago, and Melissa had keys.
Only now did he realise he had come deep into the woods.
Only now did he realise that he had come deep into the forest.
Only now is he learning to use his potty.
Only oil of the best quality and pure graphite should be used.
Only old men do that.
Only on one occasion the interviewee introduces a topic.
Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love.
Only once, in August, 1904, have I caught sight of a party of long-tailed tits in the garden, but a friend who lived hardly a mile away used to tell me that little parties of eight or nine might be seen flying through his orchard nearly every winter.
Only one answer makes sense.
Only one book lies on the table.
Only one building remains there now.
Only one careless mistake cost the company millions of dollars.
Only one competitor can emerge from the crucible of losers' bracket.
Only one fish lives in the aquarium.
Only one in ten students attended.
Only one is missing.
Only one light was on.
Only one little boy survived the traffic accident.
Only one little daughter did they have.
Only one man survived.
Only one moment of my life was enough to get to know and love you, but all my life will not be enough to get to forget you.
Only one moment of my life was enough to manage to know and love you, but my entire life would not be enough to manage to forget you.
Only one of Tom's dogs is friendly.
Only one of my grandmothers is still living.
Only one of the answers is right.
Only one of the boys looked tired.
Only one of the keys will unlock the door.
Only one of the tires is extremely flat. I wonder if it was punctured by a nail or something.
Only one of them remained.
Only one of us is Canadian.
Only one of us is Jewish.
Only one or two percent of Tunisians speak Berber.
Only one other migration on Earth is as concentrated and wondrous, local scientists say. That is the wildebeest migration in Africa.
Only one other president had ever been impeached.
Only one other species of moth also produces silk fiber.
Only one person can do that, and that's Tom.
Only one person can use that at a time.
Only one person is a winner.
Only one person knows the answer to this question.
Only one person survived the accident.
Only one person was injured.
Only one person was seriously hurt.
Only one plan for implementing communism has ever been tried, and it was one that communist thinkers of the time, such as Rosa Luxemburg, viewed as doomed from the start.
Only one possibility now remains.
Only one speaker is working.
Only one stack had a real bill on top.
Only one state had an incidence rate below 100 Wednesday, while seven topped 165 — including the two most populous, Bavaria and North Rhine-Westphalia.
Only one store carries this book.
Only one student showed up.
Only one student stayed after class to talk to the teacher.
Only one stylist can help you.
Only one such coin is known to exist today.
Only one swallow was in the nest.
Only one thing can be bad at a time.
Only one thing counts.
Only one thing worries me.
Only one third of the members turned up at the meeting.
Only one who has worked hard during the day can become famous overnight.
Only one who lives here, knows the coldness.
Only one window opens.
Only one's own thoughts have truth and life; for only one's own thoughts are fully understood.
Only our close relatives were invited to our wedding.
Only pack what you really need.
Only part of the bridge was destroyed.
Only part of the building has been destroyed by the earthquake.
Only part of the road was closed.
Only peace can save the world.
Only people on the far right do this.
Only people who enjoy life ride a bicycle and always are there faster.
Only people who play Minecraft know what zombie pigmen are.
Only people with bad taste don't appreciate a work like this.
Only people with exceedingly rare types of colorblindness actually see the world in monochrome.
Only people with ideological motives deny the Berber language altogether.
Only people with ideological motives deny the existence of the Berber language.
Only poetry lasts for ever.
Only poetry lasts forever.
Only prayers keep him alive.
Only quitters quit now.
Only real men have worries.
Only remember me when it shall be well with thee, and do me this kindness: to put Pharaoh in mind to take me out of this prison: For I was stolen away out of the land of the Hebrews, and here without any fault was cast into the dungeon.
Only rich people live in this neighborhood.
Only ruins remain of the old castle.
Only saving lives will save livelihoods.
Only say what you discussed yesterday, nothing more.
Only semis drove by.
Only send your best work.
Only sensationalist authors would claim that Berbers originate from Yemen.
Only seven Senators remained undecided.
Only several close friends were at our wedding.
Only she can use the computer.
Only she can use this computer.
Only she knows how to help me.
Only shoes know about holes in socks.
Only silence is great, the rest is weakness.
Only six people are here.
Only six people came to the party.
Only six people were present at the party.
Only sixteen percent of the teachers at the school are female.
Only sixteen percent of the teachers at this school are women.
Only slackers fail if and only if the only unfair professors are on sabbatical.
Only slowly did he begin to understand the situation.
Only small populations of giraffes remain in this country.
Only solitude is life's true delight.
Only some drag is sexual, just like only some movies are sexual.
Only some of us are from Boston.
Only some of us can do that.
Only some of us can speak French.
Only some of us can understand French.
Only some of us here can understand French.
Only some of us know how to do that.
Only some of us know how to speak French.
Only some of us know what to do.
Only some people will answer this question and fewer yet can answer it.
Only some questions have answers.
Only some stray goats from the village browse the scanty grass all day, and the solitary water-hawk watches from an uprooted peepal aslant over the mud.
Only some students understand that aspect.
Only someone who never spent any time in the sun could look so pallid.
Only someone who's insane would do that.
Only someone with experience would've dared to do that.
Only something that exists can be explored and explained.
Only speak to people you know and trust.
Only strict adherence to the rules will prevent chaos.
Only strong states and united peoples will cross this line.
Only swim in designated areas.
Only symbols appear.
Only take it if your hand's clean.
Only take what you can get in one suitcase.
Only take whatever you can get in one suitcase.
Only take your belongings.
Only teenagers are allowed to do that.
Only teenagers are permitted to do that.
Only teenagers can do that.
Only teenagers do that.
Only tell them: "all is well".
Only ten people showed up for the party.
Only the Chinese and the Russians have missiles strong enough to destroy aircraft carriers.
Only the English parts of the PDF are searchable, unfortunately.
Only the French sentence has to be corrected.
Only the Kabyle language allows me to properly express my feelings of joy.
Only the King can penetrate Ganon.
Only the Portuguese language has mesoclises.
Only the assumption that the reader - I better say: the prospective reader, because for the moment there is not the slightest prospect, that my writing could see the lights of publicity, - unless it miraculously left our endangered fortress Europe and brought a hint of the secrets of our loneliness to those outside; - I beg to be allowed to begin anew: only because I anticipate the wish to be told casually about the who and what of the writer, I send some few notes on my own individuum out before these openings, - of course not without the awareness that exactly by doing so I might provoke doubts in the reader, that he is in the right hands, which is to say: if I, from all my being, am the right man for a task to which maybe the heart pulls me more than any qualifying relation in character.
Only the backup tokens shown below will be valid.
Only the bad things in life teach us to appreciate the good things in life.
Only the bare foot, feels the pain of a thorn.
Only the beasts eat.
Only the best is good enough for you.
Only the best is good enough.
Only the best tailors work in our factory.
Only the biggest clownfish in an anemone is a female, and if she disappears, the biggest male turns into a female and takes up her role of egg-layer.
Only the blackest of hearts could leave that poor kitty out on the street in the cold.
Only the body can age; the soul has no age.
Only the body can get old; the soul is ageless.
Only the body can grow old, the soul is ageless.
Only the boring get bored.
Only the bus driver was uninjured.
Only the cat is to blame.
Only the children were happy.
Only the chirping of birds and insects break the silence at a gold mining site in the Eastern Region of Ghana, right at the foot of the Atewa forest reserve.
Only the conscientious students came to the lecture.
Only the crazy ones, the drunks and the kids tell the truth.
Only the dead have seen the end of the war.
Only the dead have seen the end of war.
Only the devil knows.
Only the devil laughs at his grandmother.
Only the educated are free.
Only the elected President may deliver an opening address.
Only the elite study at that school.
Only the end is important.
Only the family will come.
Only the first message is shown.
Only the fools and the dead never change their minds.
Only the glass door was separating Lorenzo and Melissa apart.
Only the good die young.
Only the human face can express feelings.
Only the icing is missing from the cake.
Only the judge could naturalize people.
Only the king cannot be captured. The imprisonment of a king, that is, checkmate, means the end of the game.
Only the lowest of the low would break into and vandalise a child care centre.
Only the misinformed spend their hard-earned money on wheat, which is basically grass.
Only the most impeccable dishes are served to the royal family.
Only the murderer would know that.
Only the one who tries succeeds. But the one who only tries fails.
Only the other day in a railway accident, without the time to send out a mayday, many people lost their lives.
Only the paranoid survive.
Only the paranoid survives.
Only the people with stone souls love themselves. There's no glory in them, and it's no surprise. While other people are so empty on the inside that one can't find heat of a stone in them.
Only the person who becomes an adult while staying a child is a human being.
Only the referee can make that decision.
Only the referee enters the playing field, and he has reason to immediately make the sign of the cross in front of the rowdy multitudes.
Only the rich could afford these clothes.
Only the rich get credit.
Only the richer had televisions at that time.
Only the righteous stand erect.
Only the shoe knows about the hole in the sock.
Only the sound of a distant drum is bearable.
Only the spiritually blind will harm others.
Only the squirrels, the mice and the rabbits seemed to possess cheerful and merry natures.
Only the strong can afford to be wrong.
Only the strong survive.
Only the strong will survive.
Only the strongest survive.
Only the surface of things reveals the essence of things.
Only the teachers did that.
Only the thickest trunks could serve as firewood.
Only the tip of an iceberg shows above the water.
Only the truth hurts.
Only the truth matters.
Only the truth sets one free.
Only the truth will set you free.
Only the two of us are present.
Only the unemployed go out for dates on Wednesdays.
Only the upper echelon has access to the best trainers.
Only then did I begin to understand.
Only then did I realise that she wasn't talking to me, but was on the phone to someone else.
Only then did I realize it.
Only then did I realize that I had left my wallet at home.
Only then did I realize what he meant.
Only then did I see the danger we were in.
Only then did I start to feel safe.
Only then did I understand.
Only then did he realize he had been deceived.
Only they can save us.
Only they know what they are saying.
Only they themselves understand what they say.
Only they were there.
Only thirteen people complied.
Only thirty people showed up for Tom's recital.
Only this lone giraffe bull survived the dry season.
Only this will ensure that the message gets across.
Only those passengers who have tested negative for the virus and have not shown any symptoms are being allowed to disembark the Diamond Princess.
Only those who are free can be happy.
Only those who believe in the future believe in the present.
Only those who change stay true to themselves.
Only those who dare to dream change the world.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Only those who dare to fail greatly, can ever achieve greatly.
Only those who do nothing don't make mistakes.
Only those who don't work and have nothing to do spend all their time talking.
Only those who freely and correctly use compound verbs in speech can be considered to know the Tatar language perfectly.
Only those who have experienced the love and warmth of the home understand the beauty and the suffering in the world.
Only those who have not experienced violence like violence.
Only those who have paid can go in.
Only those who risk going too far will know how far one can go.
Only those who were able to flee the city survived.
Only those with ID cards were allowed in.
Only those with IDs are allowed to enter.
Only those with love are truly rich.
Only those with no future speak about their past.
Only those with poor memories are happy.
Only those with security clearance are allowed past this point.
Only three Canadians were killed.
Only three horses raced.
Only three horses were in the race.
Only three of the twelve islands are inhabited.
Only three of us are planning to do that.
Only three of us are planning to go hiking this afternoon.
Only three people attended Tom's funeral.
Only three people bothered to reply.
Only three people in the class answered the question correctly.
Only three people showed up at Tom's piano recital.
Only three people survived.
Only three people thought it was a good idea.
Only three people were hurt.
Only three people were in the room.
Only three per cent of the population of England uses RP.
Only three runners managed to finish the race.
Only three students were in the classroom.
Only through art can we emerge from ourselves and know what another person sees.
Only through fire is a strong sword forged.
Only through protest can a free and open society be maintained.
Only time can heal a hangover.
Only time can help you.
Only time can tell how Russia and Ukraine can solve their differences.
Only time can tell.
Only time cures the wounds of a broken heart.
Only time will give the answer.
Only time will help ease the pain.
Only time will tell how VAR will change the sport.
Only time will tell if Tom was right.
Only time will tell if he was right.
Only time will tell if what we did will actually solve the problem.
Only time will tell the truth.
Only time will tell what the future holds for Algeria and its people.
Only time will tell what the world has in store for us.
Only time will tell which one is right.
Only time will tell you if you're right.
Only time will tell you if you’re right.
Only time will tell.
Only to Mary could something like this have happened.
Only to err is to live, and knowledge is death.
Only today did I know the details of the matter.
Only touch the baby's feet gently, not too hard.
Only tourists use this stretch of road.
Only trained astronauts can go to Mars.
Only twenty people will come to the party at best.
Only twenty-seven had voted no.
Only two Texans were killed.
Only two applicants made it onto the shortlist.
Only two days remain.
Only two of my great-grandparents lived long enough for me to meet them.
Only two of the people in this photo are still alive.
Only two of the ten people in this photo are still alive.
Only two of the ten people in this picture are still living.
Only two people did that.
Only two people survived the earthquake.
Only two people voted for me, but Tom got more than ten votes.
Only two things are important in life. The first is sex and I don't remember the second one.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
Only two years after receiving their secondary school diploma, young people today know merely ten percent of what they learned on school. That's crazy! We must strive for 100 percent.
Only two years ago, the idea of a Fascist regime waging a bloody war on imaginary Nazis in Europe would have seemed absurd.
Only unemployed people date on Wednesdays.
Only uninformed people think that language is used only to communicate. Language is also a way of thinking, a way of seeing the world, a culture.
Only use accredited sources.
Only use attachments or accessories specified by the manufacturer.
Only use authoritative sources.
Only vampires can't stand garlic.
Only vodka from Russia is genuine Russian vodka!
Only wants papaya? Only wants honey? Do you think it is easy to make paper? Go fight if you want a trophy.
Only we can save them.
Only we can save us from ourselves.
Only we know this secret.
Only when I come in from outside, does it become clear to me, that you can scarcely breath in my house.
Only when I got sick as a kid that I could eat as much ice cream and jello as I wanted and not get yelled at.
Only when I visited “The Happy” did I realize that I'm unhappy.
Only when Tom died did Mary realise how much she missed him.
Only when everyone sticks together and is there for each other will the world be a unit.
Only when he wanted to buy something did he realise he'd forgotten his wallet.
Only when it comes to tenses and phrasal verbs is English grammar more difficult than German.
Only when it comes to the tenses and the phrasal verbs is English grammar more difficult than German.
Only when it is dark enough can you see the stars.
Only when one is in great need of forgiveness, does one learn to forgive.
Only when she left him did he realize how much he missed her.
Only when she started to laugh did I realise that it was meant to be a joke.
Only when the Party Committee Secretary came in person to resolve it was this point of view dispelled entirely.
Only when the Zionists came in the beginning of the 20th century that violence between Arabs and Jews began.
Only when the end is upon us will we recognise our wrongdoings.
Only when the poor enter the halls of the rich, do the rich notice that the poor exist.
Only when the ticket inspector asked me for my ticket did I realise that I hadn't got one.
Only when there's a country where a poor panhandler can become head of state can we say there's a true democracy.
Only when you have kids do you realize how big a parent's love is.
Only when you've lost your health do you realise its value.
Only with wisdom can one distinguish between good and evil; only with humility can one build a happy life.
Only women may apply.
Only write the truth.
Only yesterday did I know the fact.
Only yesterday did I see him.
Only yogurt can improve this.
Only yokels spit on the ground.
Only you and Emmett are left.
Only you and you alone can do that.
Only you answered the question.
Only you can answer the question.
Only you can carry the bag.
Only you can do this.
Only you can fix this.
Only you can help me out.
Only you can help me.
Only you can make it happen.
Only you can make me happy.
Only you can make this right.
Only you can persuade Tom.
Only you can pull this off.
Only you can save me.
Only you can save us.
Only you can solve this problem.
Only you can stop diabetes.
Only you can understand my desperation at this very moment.
Only you could come up with such a daft idea.
Only you could come up with such a stupid idea.
Only you guys can help me.
Only you love me in this.
Only you provide these symptoms that I show.
Only you think it's a problem.
Only you two were absent last night.
Only you understand the state of mind I'm in.
Only you want it.
Only you would tell that joke.
Only you, can make the darkness bright.
Only young children and old fools tell the truth.
Only your advice has to be followed.
Only your best is good enough.
Only your blunt remarks are worth reading.
Only your frigging job matters.
Only your information is true.
Only your narrow-minded ideas are interesting.
Only your opinions matter.
Only your project matters.
Only your stubborn opinions have to be listened to.
Only your stupid remarks are right.
Onstage, Tom once again proved how adaptable he is.
Ontario is Canada's most populous province.
Ontario is more than 3 times the size of Germany.
Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.
Ontology studies the way in which entities that exist are related.
Onward it came, smooth-sliding on the ground, / an, beetling, o'er the midmost city frowned.
Onward!
Onward, upward higher and higher, over difficulties and dangers, until we look down on a conquered world, within, one of evil thoughts and evil passions subdued; without, one surpassed in the race of honor and power.
Onwards and upwards.
Onwards, to glory!
Onychophorology is a discipline of biology that studies the phylum Onychophora and all topics related to onychophorans in all fields of research.
On Pack's last full day as CEO, a whistleblower protection nonprofit, the Government Accountability Project, sent a letter to lawmakers alleging that USAGM had spent at least $2 million in taxpayer money to pay a private law firm to investigate and compile dossiers on agency employees and the Open Technology Fund.
Oo, that's cold!
Oof.
Ooh! Chocolate mousse. Yummy.
Ooh! It took a weight off my shoulders.
Ooh, shiny.
Ooh, you don't know?
Ook!
Oolah the lizard was tired of lying in the sun, doing nothing.
Oolah the lizard was tired of lying in the sun, doing nothing. So he said, "I will go and play."
Oolong tea falls between green and black tea, with varying oxidation levels.
Oolong tea is my favorite kind of tea.
Oomoto can be included among the new religions of Japan.
Oomoto is counted among the new religions in Japan.
Oooh sick! What is that stuff? It’s all spongy.
Oooh, get a move on. We'll end up late! Come on, I'll tie your shoelaces for you.
Oooh, get a move on. We’ll end up late! Come on, I’ll tie your shoelaces for you.
Oooh, gross! What is that stuff? It's all spongy.
Oooh, look how the river sand sparkles! That's not gold -- it's little flecks of mica in the sand.
Oooh, sick! What is that stuff? It's all spongy.
Oooh, somebody's in trouble!
Ooone, twooo, threee, foour, fiiive, siiix, seeven, eeeight, niiine, teeen, eleeeeven, tweeelve, thirteeen.
Oops - I forgot my medicine.
Oops! My finger slipped!
Oops! Wrong door.
Oops! Wrong floor.
Oops! Wrong number.
Oops, I accidentally drank a bottle of liquor.
Oops, I did it again.
Oops, I farted again!
Oops, I posted the message to the wrong newsgroup.
Oops, I shrunk my sister's favorite hoodie.
Oops, I think we forgot Tom.
Oops, my fault. It's 3000 yen, not 3000 euros.
Oops, my pen has run out of ink.
Oops, was that a secret?
Oops, wrong!
Op! We’re being screamed at.
Op-eds containing factual arguments should be subject to fact-checking.
Opaque? Not at all. Intuitively obvious to the most casual observer.
Open 365 days a year.
Open Mozilla Firefox.
Open Sesame!
Open a Berber dictionary and search for the word "aman."
Open a book and it will open your soul.
Open a door.
Open a window before I pass out!
Open a window.
Open a window. I'm hot.
Open all the doors.
Open all the shops.
Open all the windows.
Open all year round!
Open an account.
Open an image and select an image layout. Click "Open" for opening an image. Click "Quit" for quitting the program. "Image Layout" feature allows you to view in any layout.
Open another bottle of Coca-Cola.
Open another bottle of wine.
Open at page nine.
Open bag carefully and away from face, as bag, air and contents are very hot.
Open borders are good, actually.
Open carefully.
Open communication about his changes is essential.
Open communication is crucial in these situations.
Open communication with your children is very beneficial.
Open dialogue and mutual understanding are crucial for a harmonious society.
Open dialogue encourages your children's confidence.
Open dialogue is vital for mutual enjoyment.
Open discussions lead to deeper understanding of topics.
Open fire only on my command.
Open fire!
Open from 10:30am to 4pm on Sat, Sun, and Mon.
Open it carefully.
Open it for me.
Open it!
Open it.
Open me, please.
Open my present first.
Open sewers are very common in Algeria.
Open source culture has facilitated the progress of technology at an astonishing pace.
Open source is a philosophy that encourages openness, sharing, and modification.
Open source is the engine that drives technological innovation.
Open source projects are the future of computing.
Open source.
Open systems have no randomness.
Open that door.
Open that thing!
Open that window over there.
Open the Quran and read.
Open the bag and see what's in it.
Open the bag.
Open the banana at the other end — like monkeys do.
Open the bonnet.
Open the book.
Open the books.
Open the bottle.
Open the box and empty it.
Open the box carefully, without ruining the wrapping.
Open the box.
Open the brackets in the equation.
Open the browser that you want.
Open the cabinet with this key.
Open the cage.
Open the car door for me.
Open the chest.
Open the country. Stop having it be closed.
Open the crate, but don't break the glass.
Open the cupboard on the left. That's where the bottles are.
Open the cupboard on the left. The bottles are there.
Open the cupboard to the left, the bottles are in there.
Open the cupboard with this key.
Open the curtains and let the sunshine in.
Open the curtains.
Open the display settings.
Open the door a bit!
Open the door a bit.
Open the door a little!
Open the door a little.
Open the door a smidge.
Open the door and let Tom in.
Open the door and let him in!
Open the door and let in the dog.
Open the door and let me in!
Open the door and let me in, please.
Open the door and let my cat in.
Open the door and let the dog in.
Open the door and let the house animal go inside the house.
Open the door before the dog gets here!
Open the door for God's sake.
Open the door for Tom so that he can go in.
Open the door for Tom.
Open the door for her.
Open the door for him.
Open the door for love.
Open the door for me so I can come back in.
Open the door for me, please.
Open the door for me.
Open the door for them all.
Open the door for them.
Open the door of your heart to me.
Open the door or we'll knock it down!
Open the door right now.
Open the door to let me in.
Open the door to let my cat in.
Open the door with care.
Open the door!
Open the door! I want to get out of here!
Open the door, dear children — your mother's brought each of you something.
Open the door, it's Sami.
Open the door, please, will you?
Open the door, please.
Open the door, someone!
Open the door, will you?
Open the door.
Open the door. I know you're in there.
Open the door. I want to get out of here.
Open the door. It's Tom.
Open the door. They are ringing the bell.
Open the doors to the cages, and the birds will find their liberty once again.
Open the doors.
Open the drapes.
Open the drawer!
Open the envelope carefully so it doesn't tear.
Open the faucet and see if the hot water's back.
Open the frame in a new tab.
Open the garage door.
Open the gate!
Open the gate, please.
Open the gate.
Open the gates!
Open the gift.
Open the hatch.
Open the hood.
Open the image.
Open the internet browser.
Open the jam jar.
Open the lock.
Open the machine.
Open the microwave door.
Open the oven.
Open the package, please.
Open the palm of your hand.
Open the panel.
Open the parcel, please.
Open the safe.
Open the settings tab.
Open the shutter.
Open the shutters.
Open the suitcase!
Open the suitcases.
Open the wardrobe with this key.
Open the website www.google.com!
Open the window a little bit.
Open the window a little.
Open the window and let in some fresh air.
Open the window and let some fresh air in.
Open the window and let some fresh air into the room, please.
Open the window and let that fly out.
Open the window and you'll have fresh air.
Open the window and you’ll have fresh air.
Open the window for fresh air to come in.
Open the window to let in some air.
Open the window when you're done.
Open the window!
Open the window, and let some air into the room.
Open the window, please!
Open the window, please.
Open the window, the air is not breathable!
Open the window, will you?
Open the window.
Open the window. I'm hot.
Open the window. It's baking hot in here.
Open the window. It’s baking hot in here.
Open the windows and air out the room.
Open the windows and air the room out.
Open the windows and let some fresh air in.
Open the windows for fresh air and let some sunlight into your room.
Open the windows to let in some air.
Open the windows, please.
Open the windows, will you?
Open the windows.
Open the windows. There's too much smoke in here.
Open these doors!
Open these doors.
Open this bottle for me.
Open this bottle of wine first.
Open this damn door!
Open this door now!
Open this door right now!
Open this door!
Open this door.
Open this jar for me, please.
Open this jar for me.
Open this present first.
Open this, will you?
Open those doors!
Open those doors.
Open up a tab for her.
Open up now!
Open up the door and let me in.
Open up the door.
Open up the package.
Open up to page 30 in the textbook.
Open up your ears, the boss is going to speak!
Open up your heart to Islam.
Open up your mind.
Open up your mouth.
Open up! I know you're in there!
Open up, Tom. It's me.
Open up.
Open wide.
Open windows are good for cooling.
Open your atlas of Japan to page 3.
Open your book on page nine.
Open your book to page 30.
Open your book to page 59.
Open your book to page nine.
Open your book to page ten.
Open your book to the first page.
Open your books at page 42.
Open your books on page one hundred and fifty.
Open your books to page 30, please.
Open your books to page 30.
Open your books to page 8, please.
Open your books to page 86.
Open your books to page one hundred.
Open your books!
Open your books.
Open your curtains!
Open your eyes now.
Open your eyes to reality.
Open your eyes!
Open your eyes, Tom.
Open your eyes, people!
Open your eyes, please.
Open your eyes, then you will see what you are.
Open your eyes.
Open your hand and show me what you have.
Open your hand and show me what you've got.
Open your hand!
Open your hand.
Open your hands wide!
Open your hands!
Open your hands.
Open your heart and ask God to guide you.
Open your heart and tell me everything.
Open your heart to love.
Open your heart.
Open your heart; write beautiful sentences about love!
Open your hearts.
Open your mind and close your wallet.
Open your mind before opening your mouth.
Open your mind before you open your mouth.
Open your mind to different ideas.
Open your mind to new knowledge.
Open your mind to new possibilities.
Open your mind.
Open your mouth and close your eyes.
Open your mouth and stick out your tongue.
Open your mouth one more time and I will beat you up!
Open your mouth wide.
Open your mouth!
Open your mouth, please!
Open your mouth, please, and say "ah".
Open your mouth, please.
Open your mouth.
Open your mouth. This won't hurt, don't worry.
Open your notebooks.
Open your palm.
Open your present already!
Open your present now.
Open your soul.
Open your suitcase.
Open your textbook.
Open your textbooks.
Open your texts to page 50.
Open your window and let some fresh air in.
Open your window just a crack.
Open your window.
Open!
Open, Sesame!
Open-air markets sell food grown on local farms.
Open-heart surgery is giving way to laparoscopic intervention.
Open-mindedness is crucial in acknowledging the rich histories and contributions of Muslim cultures to human civilization.
Open-world games are fun, but I get tired of them.
OpenAI's ChatGPT is beginning to show increasing human-like intelligence alongside less gaps in logic.
Opening day was everything we could hope for.
Opening day was everything we could've hoped for.
Opening the desk drawer, which was almost empty, Pembroke removed an automatic pistol fitted with a silencer.
Opening the door, I found a stranger standing there.
Opening the door, I found her sleeping.
Opening the door, I found him sleeping.
Opening the refrigerator, I noticed the meat had spoiled.
Opening the window very slowly and carefully, they waited until a dark cloud had somewhat obscured the night, and then one by one passed through into the little garden.
Opening times are the same every day except for Saturdays and Sundays.
Openness and toughness characterize Korean diplomacy.
Opera in English is, in the main, just about as sensible as baseball in Italian.
Opera is a play that tells a story in music. The people in the opera sing, instead of speak, the play's words. Opera is one of the most complex of all art forms. It combines acting, singing, music, costumes, scenery and, sometimes, dance. Often there are many colorful crowd scenes.
Opera! He cannot even sing children's songs!
Opera! He cannot even sing children’s songs!
Operate in accordance with policy.
Operating a dance club after midnight is illegal according to Japanese law.
Operating above Earth, free from the blurring and filtering effects of our planet’s atmosphere, Hubble can resolve astronomical objects ten to twenty times better than typically possible with large ground-based telescopes.
Operating this computer is tricky.
Operation Sea Lion was the German code name for the planned invasion of Britain.
Operation Smile is an international group of medical professionals who perform reconstructive surgery, free of charge, for children with facial deformities.
Operation Yoav was a military operation carried out by Israel in its war for independence.
Operation of this computer is tricky.
Operations are already underway.
Operations were resumed on Monday.
Operator, I'd like to place a call to Winnipeg, Canada, but I can't quite remember the number.
Operator, I'm trying to get through to Boston.
Operator, I’d like to place a call to Winnipeg, Canada, but I can’t quite remember the number.
Operator, I’m trying to get through to Boston.
Operator, we were cut off.
Operator. Which extension would you like?
Operators are standing by.
Operators of a 400-meter cargo ship say their vessel lost power and ran aground sideways in the Suez Canal, blocking a crucial waterway that is responsible for up to 12 percent of the world’s total trade.
Ophelia wishes Hamlet were still in love with her.
Ophiuchus is an outspread but not very prominent constellation.
Ophthalmologist is a hard word to say.
Opiates are the religion of the people.
Opinion against the direct tax was dominant.
Opinion among leading scientists in the field is divided on the issue.
Opinion is divided on this point.
Opinion is my going about explaining why all the world should think as I think.
Opinion is something wherein I go about to give reason why all the world should think as I think.
Opinion is ultimately determined by feelings, and not by the intellect.
Opinion is ultimately determined by the feelings, and not by the intellect.
Opinion polls show that most Poles support both the EU and the Lisbon Treaty, but a small minority still believes that a more powerful EU means loss of national self-determination.
Opinion unites or divides men.
Opinions are divided on the issue of taxes.
Opinions are more divided in Boston.
Opinions are not facts.
Opinions are split on this matter.
Opinions can differ on that.
Opinions can vary on that.
Opinions can vary regarding that.
Opinions can vary widely among individuals.
Opinions differ as to how to run the business.
Opinions on the strengths and weaknesses of this policy differ even between specialists.
Opinions unite or divide people.
Opinions vary from person to person.
Opinions vary on this point.
Opinions vary widely.
Opioid overdoses caused more than 42,000 deaths in 2016.
Opioids have a long and ugly history of being used to subjugate and control populations, as in China by Britain.
Opium Wars 101.
Opium and booze turned Gabriel into a living corpse.
Opole is situated in the north-western part of Upper Silesia.
Opossums aren't related to rats.
Opponents of lethal injection have argued the practice constitutes cruel and unusual punishment on the basis of a number of botched executions.
Opponents of the bill come from across the political spectrum.
Opponents say genetically engineered crops can cross-pollinate and damage other crops.
Opponents say the project will ruin a historically significant riverside site and harm the environment.
Opportunists are people who today already know the direction of overmorrow's wind.
Opportunities come and go.
Opportunities like these do exist.
Opportunities like this don't come along every day.
Opportunities of time vouchsafed by Heaven are not equal to advantages of situation afforded by the Earth, and advantages of situation afforded by the Earth are not equal to the union arising from the accord of Men.
Opportunities presented themselves smoothly.
Opportunity is around every corner.
Opportunity is worth gold.
Opportunity knocks when you least expect it.
Opportunity leads to love.
Opportunity makes a thief.
Opportunity makes the thief.
Opportunity never knocks twice.
Opportunity seldom knocks twice.
Opportunity waits for no one.
Opposite the door was a showy fireplace, surmounted by a mantelpiece of imitation white marble.
Opposite the park there is a beautiful river.
Opposite the station there's a bank.
Opposite the station.
Opposite there is a six-story building.
Opposites attract.
Opposition is becoming more marked.
Opposition leaders say it's possible the Communists could end up in a small minority.
Opposition leaders say it’s possible the Communists could end up in a small minority.
Opposition politicians are demanding resignations.
Opposition to "cancel culture" is a lucrative industry.
Opposition to the bill was strong.
Opposition to the embargo was growing.
Opposition to them is also spreading. GMO-free products are among the fastest growing categories at U.S. supermarkets. Several U.S. states have passed or are considering laws requiring foods containing GMOs to bear labels.
Oppression breeds oppression.
Oppression doesn't break the queer community. It was forged in it.
Oppression is cyclical.
Oppression, like abuse, is cyclical.
Oppressive as the heat had been, it was now even more oppressive.
Oppressive regimes don't live forever.
Oprah Winfrey has great influence over her fans.
Optic scanners, which cost about $100,000, are the most technologically-advanced part of the process. They are programmed to identify certain types of objects, like plastic water and milk bottles. When the scanner “sees” one, it signals dozens of air fountains on the conveyor belt, to blow it onto a separate conveyor.
Optical radar uses light, unlike normal radar, which uses radio waves.
Optical radars use light, rather than radio waves as normal radars.
Opticians sell eyeglasses.
Optimism is lack of information.
Optimism is like the lamp of hope. Pessimism [or negativity] is like a drug of sorrow.
Optimism is merely a lack of information.
Optimism is the key to a happy life.
Optimist is another word for idiot.
Optimists are happier and more successful than pessimists.
Optimists are misinformed pessimists.
Optimists capsize easily.
Optimists live longer.
Optimists see opportunities in disasters while pessimists find disasters in every opportunity.
Optimization is possible.
Optimize your profile.
Or are there photographs so obscene that you can't publish them?
Or are there photographs so obscene that you can’t publish them?
Or are they also coming?
Or did he perhaps consider that unnecessary?
Or did you change it?
Or do you have to take the bus?
Or don't you want to?
Or else what, dad?
Or is it still a mystery?
Or is it?
Or might he have regarded that as unnecessary?
Or our national security will be hit with an unprecedented disaster.
Or rather it seems, Kensuke arrived at the studio at the same that I and the other two were still coming.
Or rather, is it not just pathetic that I think such whiny thoughts like this?
Or that was the idea.
Or were you celebrating with your girlfriend?
Or what person?
Or what?
Or who?
Or would I were a little burnish'd apple For you to pluck me, gliding by so cold, While sun and shade your robe of lawn will dapple, Your robe of lawn, and your hair's spun gold.
Or would I were a little burnish’d apple For you to pluck me, gliding by so cold, While sun and shade your robe of lawn will dapple, Your robe of lawn, and your hair’s spun gold.
Or would it be like falling asleep?
Or, alternatively, use one of your other authentication methods.
Or, can you?
Or, if you feel like it, read "No Longer Human".
Oracle bones discovered on this site provide the earliest records of Chinese writing.
Oral cancer and cancer of the pharynx, or upper part of the throat, are especially aggressive forms of the disease that are very hard to treat.
Oral language isn't planned.
Oral tradition has existed for centuries.
Oral tradition has existed for hundreds of years.
Orality carries the spirit of Kabylian culture.
Oran has a compact urban core.
Oran is a coastal town in northern Algeria.
Oran is known for its late-night vibe.
Oran is nicknamed the capital of the Algerian west.
Oran is on the other side of Algeria.
Oran is welcoming the Mediterranean Games this year.
Oran, Algeria, will become a leisure paradise.
Orange blossoms are the symbol of wedding.
Orange blossoms have a pleasant aroma.
Orange blossoms have a relaxing effect and a delightful scent.
Orange fish swim slowly in the river.
Orange is Tom's favorite color.
Orange is Tom's favourite colour.
Orange is my favorite color.
Orange is the best color in the world.
Orange juice for everyone.
Orange juice gives me diarrhea.
Orange juice has a lot of vitamin C.
Orange juice is drunk fresh.
Orange juice is guaranteed to give me diarrhea.
Orange juice is the most popular juice in America.
Orange juice or champagne?
Orange juice, and two eggs over easy.
Orange juice, please.
Orange marigolds are growing in my garden.
Orange trees are sensitive to frost.
Oranges are a good source of vitamin C.
Oranges are a seasonal fruit.
Oranges are bigger than tangerines.
Oranges are graded by size and quality.
Oranges are not vegetables.
Oranges are orange.
Oranges are rich in vitamin C.
Oranges are sweeter than lemons.
Oranges are very good for your body.
Oranges aren't as cheap as bananas.
Oranges aren't vegetables.
Oranges contain a lot of vitamin C.
Oranges contain lots of vitamin C.
Oranges grow in warm countries.
Oranges have a high vitamin content.
Oranges have a lot of vitamin C.
Oranges have a lot of vitamins.
Oranges signify a happy love while lemons symbolize an unrequited one.
Oranges signify a happy love, while lemons - an unrequited one.
Oranges symbolize a happy love, while lemons an unreciprocated love.
Oranges were considered a luxury in Europe at the time.
Orangutans and chimpanzees are the primates that most closely resemble humans in shape and stature.
Orangutans are a critically endangered species.
Orangutans are my favorite apes.
Orangutans have been observed using sticks to pry nutritious seeds from prickly plants.
Orangutans once thrived across Southeast Asia, but today they are found only in the rainforests of Sumatra and Borneo. In the province of Kalimantan, there are an estimated 50,000 orangutans.
Oranienburg is a city in Brandenburg.
Oranjestad is the capital of Aruba.
Oratory is stage magic.
Orban aligns with Russia.
Orban called for the removal of the Soviet forces from Hungary.
Orban changed Hungary's constitution.
Orban changed Hungary's electoral system.
Orban granted citizenship to Hungarians from neighboring countries to secure their vote.
Orban has been ruling Hungary since 2010.
Orban is a very powerful man.
Orban is being demonized.
Orban is close to Putin.
Orban is very popular in Hungary.
Orban openly challenges the EU.
Orban organized protests against the government.
Orban renews his emergency powers every six months.
Orban returned to power in 2010.
Orban rewrote Hungary's constitution.
Orban stands with Russia.
Orban wants to remain in power.
Orban won another majority in 2018.
Orban's friends have become some of the most powerful men in Hungary.
Orban's party is Fidesz.
Orbiting Earth in the spaceship, I saw how beautiful our planet is. People, let us preserve and increase this beauty, not destroy it!
Orbán and Trump are trying to form a new Axis.
Orbán is the first European leader since Hitler to be so opposed to "racial mixing."
Orc empire’s next civil war has already begun.
Orcas are also known as killer whales.
Orcas are among the world's most intelligent animals.
Orcas are often wrongly dubbed the "killer whales" of Brazil.
Orcas are very docile.
Orcas aren't whales. They're dolphins.
Orcas attacked a yacht.
Orchestra is playing out of tune.
Orchid flowers can last for weeks.
Orchids are my favorite flower.
Orchids demand daily care.
Orchids offer an easy, low-cost way to brighten up a room.
Orchids were her favorite flower.
Orchids were one of the first flowers to appear on Earth.
Orctober is a month for celebrating the orcs of fantasy fiction and film.
Ordener religiously pressed this gift from his beloved against his lips.
Order a couple more tons.
Order a drink for me, too.
Order a drink for me.
Order anything you want.
Order five pizzas, and you'll get the sixth free.
Order has been restored.
Order in the court!
Order is a must.
Order it with cheese and you can't go wrong.
Order lunch for me.
Order maintains the world.
Order me a beer.
Order me a burger.
Order me a cheeseburger.
Order me a club sandwich.
Order me a drink,too.
Order me a drink.
Order me another beer.
Order me another one.
Order me another.
Order me bacon and eggs.
Order me some food.
Order now.
Order some food for me.
Order something for me.
Order the new Tom doll in any size, shape and color you like!
Order them.
Order was restored.
Order what you want.
Order whatever you like.
Order whatever you want.
Order whatever you wish.
Order whatever, as long as it isn't fried fish.
Order yourself a pizza or whatever you want.
Order yourself something to eat.
Order yourself whatever you want.
Order!
Order, please.
Ordering from catalogs saves you time and money without requiring you to leave the house.
Orders for the book poured in.
Orders were given to open the gates.
Ordinarily, Tom will eat lunch at the school cafeteria.
Ordinarily, beginners are unable to hold high notes.
Ordinarily, this was not a problem, but in the circumstances it could not have been worse.
Ordinarily, this wouldn't be a problem.
Ordinarily, urban planners do not view pedestrians as important traffic.
Ordinary Americans are taking it upon themselves to make homemade masks.
Ordinary arrows can't pierce the dragon's scales.
Ordinary folk like us understand nothing about it anyway.
Ordinary people possess enormous power.
Ordinary weapons cannot harm the dragon.
Ordubad is a medieval city of the Caucasus and in its current capacity of a town was founded in the 18th century.
Ordubad is the second largest city of Azerbaijan's Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic and the capital of an eponymous district.
Ordubad is well known for its exports of fruits and spices, and for its cuisine.
Ore is enriched here.
Oregon is just south of Washington.
Oregon was the first state in the country to ban restrictive single-family zoning in July 2019.
Organ donations save lives.
Organic agriculture is a method of growing plants (grains, legumes, fruit) without chemicals.
Organic chemistry is a branch of chemistry that studies the structure, properties and reactions of organic compounds, which contain carbon in covalent bonding.
Organic chemistry is pure cramming.
Organic chemistry is pure memorization.
Organic chicken manure is high in nitrogen.
Organic compounds are generally molecular compounds.
Organic cultivation is a method of growing plants (grains, vegetables, fruit, etc.) without using agricultural chemicals.
Organic farming practices focus on improving soil fertility without relying on synthetic chemicals.
Organic farming relies on natural fertilizers and crop rotation to maintain soil health.
Organic food is healthier.
Organic food is usually more expensive.
Organic food tastes better.
Organic kale is hand picked, washed and packed on site at Sprouting Farms, West Virginia, for retail and wholesale.
Organic kiwi fruit. Feel free to help yourself.
Organic matter is formed by large molecules.
Organic vegetables are popular because they're safe and tasty.
Organic vegetables are popular because they’re safe and tasty.
Organisations that have responded to the information from the media have insisted that nothing will change and that things will remain as they are nowadays.
Organisms have determinate lifespans.
Organisms with complex cells are eukaryotes.
Organisms' varied offspring compete for survival.
Organization is a major part of the equation.
Organization makes text easier to read.
Organizational psychologist Cathleen Swody expects that transitioning back to the office will be more challenging than switching to full time telework at the start of the pandemic in spring of 2020.
Organizations are not really "owned" by anyone. What formerly constituted ownership was split up into stockholders' rights to share in profits, management's power to set policy, employees' right to status and security, government's right to regulate. Thus older forms of wealth were replaced by new forms.
Organize similar items together for easy access.
Organize similar items together on the shelves for easy access.
Organize similar items together within the cabinets for easy access.
Organize the books.
Organize the fridge so nothing gets lost or spoiled.
Organize the fridge so that items you use most frequently are easy to access.
Organize the pantry so you can easily find ingredients.
Organize the refrigerator and discard expired or spoiled items.
Organize what you have found.
Organize your academic paper.
Organize your academic writing.
Organize your books on the shelf neatly.
Organize your desk and keep it clutter-free for a productive study space.
Organize your material in English so that you can show your analysis and conclusions in 10-12 minutes.
Organize your pantry and cupboards so that items are easy to find.
Organize your school materials when you finish homework or studying.
Organize your study materials, such as books and notebooks, to stay focused.
Organize your utensils and tools so they don't clutter the counter.
Organize your work in different chapters.
Organized crime can be found everywhere.
Organized crime groups have been taking advantage of fresh opportunities presented by the pandemic, from acting surreptitiously as suppliers to governments, to serving as "partners of the state in maintaining order,” warns a recent report by the Global Initiative Against Transnational Organized Crime.
Organized crime is making millions in Algeria.
Organized sports are often an important part of school life, and competitive sports are popular, too.
Organizers had poured gasoline on a wooden figure of a man, preparing for a bonfire that normally concludes the annual town carnival, north of the capital.
Organizers of Wednesday’s test marathon race in the northern Japanese city of Sapporo pleaded with the general public not to attend the event, even deploying staff along the route with signs that read “please refrain from watching the event from here.”
Organizers of next year’s rescheduled Tokyo Olympics will have measures in place to limit the spread of COVID-19.
Organizers of the Coachella music festival moved the April event to October.
Organizers of the Kentucky Derby horse race have announced the event is being postponed until September — the first time in 75 years the event will not occur on the first Saturday in May.
Organizers of the London Book Fair, one of the publishing industry’s biggest gatherings, have cancelled the event.
Organizers' hopes that the Games could still be held were boosted last week after Tokyo successfully hosted an international gymnastics competition.
Organizing a diplomatic effort to solve the Libyan crisis isn't easy.
Organizing is for cucks.
Orgasm is often called "the little death".
Orgy!
Orienteering is a sport that combines cross-country running and map reading.
Orienteering requires physical fitness as well as a high level of mental performance.
Origami can seem deceptively simple, hiding complex math within its creases.
Origami is a dialogue between the artist and the paper.
Origami is the ancient Japanese art of folding paper.
Origami is the art of folding paper.
Origami, the Japanese tradition of paper-folding, has inspired a number of unique spacecraft designs.
Original Unverpackt is a zero-waste supermarket located in Berlin. Customers have to bring their own containers.
Original sentences are more likely to sound natural than translations.
Original thinking is valuable.
Originality is merely a new combination of clichés.
Originally called Grauman’s Chinese Theatre, it opened in 1927 and is a remnant of Hollywood’s fascination with the Orient in the early days of the U.S. film industry.
Originally designed by Japanese researchers for influenza, the drug is a nucleoside analogue — a molecule that looks like a building block of genetic material.
Originally designed to be a simple demonstration project to prove flight was possible on in the Martian atmosphere, the Ingenuity team says the helicopter is now providing NASA with data to guide the Perseverance rover.
Originally developed for astronaut food in the early days of the Apollo program, the HACCP system has been adopted by major players in the food industry.
Originally discovered in 2009, further observations by the scientists using a space telescope have revealed the water world is entirely enshrouded by a thick, steamy atmosphere.
Originally the meeting was planned for next Saturday.
Originally the trade involved timber and ivory, but later it expanded into slaves.
Originally there were seven dogs that assisted in searches and arrests.
Originally they were farmers.
Originally, Abraham Lincoln wanted all slaves to be deported to Africa or the Caribbean.
Originally, French was slang.
Originally, I knew nothing about it at all!
Originally, I'm from Algeria.
Originally, he didn't believe it at all.
Originally, the salesman named an exorbitant price.
Originally, the word "löyly" meant soul.
Originally, you were very stubborn.
Orina wrote something on a piece of paper and thrust it into Pyotyr's hand from under the table.
Orion is one of the constellations most easy to recognise.
Orion is one of the easiest constellations to recognise.
Orion is one of the most easily recognised constellations.
Orion is one of the most recognisable constellations.
Orion is one of the most recognizable constellations.
Orion is safely back to Earth.
Orlowski said colleges and universities around the world are starting to look into the economic aspects of greening campuses. He said students and universities are trying to meet today's needs without compromising future generations.
Orly, Sunday. Parents take their children there to watch the departing planes.
Ornaments on the official Christmas tree in the Blue Room — a towering Fraser fir from Shepherdstown, West Virginia — were designed by students from across the country who were asked by the National Park Service to highlight the people, places and things that make their states beautiful.
Orpheus took his harp and sang a pæan.
Orpheus was permitted to take her away with him on one condition, that he should not turn around to look at her till they should have reached the upper air.
Orpheus was the disciple of Linus.
Orpheus was the son of Apollo and the Muse Calliope. He was presented by his father with a Lyre and taught to play upon it, which he did to such perfection that nothing could withstand the charm of his music.
Orpheus with his lute made trees and the mountain tops that freeze bow themselves when he did sing.
Orrery is a mechanic model of the Solar System.
Orthodox Christians celebrate Christmas on January seventh.
Orthodox Christians consider Catholics to be heretics.
Orthodox Christians prefer to baptize by immersion.
Orthography is less essential to language than orthoepy; since all languages are spoken, whilst but a few languages are written. Orthography presupposes orthoepy. Orthography addresses itself to the eye, orthoepy to the ear. Orthoepy deals with the articulate sounds that constitute syllables and words; orthography treats of the signs by which such articulate sounds are expressed in writing.
Orthography is very important.
Ortygia's port we leave, and skim the mere; / soon Naxos' Bacchanalian hills appear, / and past Olearos and Donysa, crowned / with trees, and Paros' snowy cliffs we steer. / Far-scattered shine the Cyclades renowned, / and clustering isles thick-sown in many a glittering sound.
Orville's first flight didn't last very long.
Osaka Prefecture's capital is Osaka City.
Osaka is Japan's second biggest city.
Osaka is Japan's second largest city.
Osaka is larger than Kyoto.
Osaka is the center of commerce in Japan.
Osaka is the second largest city of Japan.
Osakans sometimes roll their Rs like in Spanish.
Osama bin Laden was dropped off a ship.
Osama bin Laden, leader of Al-Qaeda, was killed in Pakistan by American troops.
Osamu Dazai committed suicide.
Osamu Dazai killed himself at the age of thirty-nine.
Osamu Dazai killed himself.
Oscar Díaz, managing director of Mundopalet, a company that makes pallets to transport goods, is a worried man.
Oscar Wilde once said, "Don't leave for tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow."
Oscar Wilde was accused of being a sodomite and sentenced to two years in prison.
Oscar for "I'm Still Here" gives Brazil a joy that politics denies.
Oscar is baking apple dumplings for the visitors.
Oscar was my mom's dog.
Oscar was my mum's dog.
Oscar was my mum’s dog.
Oscar-winning American singer-actor Cher briefly visited Pakistan Friday to mark the newly-found freedom of a 35-year-old elephant named Kaavan, who she campaigned to move out of captivity.
Oscillations in the Sun were first observed in the 1960s.
Osgood filled Cleveholm with trophy animal heads, Tiffany lamps, ruby velvet drapes, and imported leather wall coverings.
Osgood was based back east in New York City, where he had bought an entire block, built a mansion on it, and become a cigar-smoking pal of other wealthy industrialists.
Oshtylech is marrying on the day after tomorrow.
Osiris, Anubis, and Horus are some of the most famous ancient Egyptian deities.
Oslo Airport has fifty escalators, six moving lanes and eighty-seven elevators.
Oslo and Helsinki did not record a single pedestrian fatality in 2019.
Oslo and Helsinki recorded no pedestrian fatalities in 2019.
Oslo and Helsinki recorded zero pedestrian fatalities in 2019.
Oslo is Norway's capital.
Oslo is just unique.
Oslo is simply unique.
Oslo is the capital of Norway.
Oslo is the largest city in Norway with a population of 629,313.
Oslo is the most populous city in Norway.
Oslo wants to make its center car-free within four years.
Oslo wants to reduce car traffic by 30% by 2030.
Osman bargained with the man and gave the salesman ten liras.
Osmium is the name for the element with atomic number 76 and is represented by the symbol Os. It is a member of the transition metal group.
Ospreys can dive full speed into water, surface just moments later, and then immediately take flight.
Ospreys often mate for life, though instances of polyandry have been observed.
Ostensibly it seemed like a bad idea, but he couldn't help doing it anyway.
Ostentatiously Christian conservatives often turn out to be child abusers.
Osteoarthritis continues to get worse over time; however, it can be managed so that the progress of the disease is slowed down, helping the joint to work as well as possible for as long as possible.
Osteoarthritis is a degenerative condition of the joints in which the normal cartilage cushion in the joints breaks down.
Osteoporosis is more common in advanced age, and is often a concern for post-menopausal women.
Ostracism was a punishment in ancient Athens.
Ostriches are incapable of flight.
Ostriches are interesting birds.
Ostriches are not able to fly.
Ostriches are not known for having a good sense of humor.
Ostriches are the largest birds in the world.
Ostriches can't fly.
Ostriches cannot fly.
Ostriches can’t fly.
Ostriches don't fly because they have very short wings.
Ostriches don't fly; they have very short wings.
Ostriches have wings, but they can't fly.
Ostriches live in Africa.
Oswald has a black hamster.
Oswald has a brown hamster.
Oswald is eating a papaya at home.
Oswaldo is making suman, a type of Philippine rice cake.
Othello is sitting with a bottle in a hotel armchair.
Other European countries have already introduced laws making vaccinations compulsory, including Italy which two years ago passed a law making 10 vaccines obligatory for children who enrolled in Italian schools, including chickenpox and measles.
Other FDA-approved drugs on the list of potential treatments in the latest study include antibiotics, anticoagulants, medicines to prevent against organ rejection and treatments for inflammation.
Other Jewish subgroups often stereotype Ashkenazim as boring and joyless.
Other animals also have a few of these skills.
Other areas of specialization include toxicology, pharmacology, and physical therapy.
Other artists in the exhibit use unwanted or reused materials in their art to express the environmental meaning of “green.” Artist Jackie Abrams spent time living and working with women basket weavers in Ghana. She says she was influenced to make baskets using waste materials. Her colorful artwork “A Woman of Substance” is a container made from old pieces of women’s clothing. Artist William Knight used old automobile tires to make an airy and finely cut wall sculpture.
Other baked products include croissants, cinnamon rolls, bagels, muffins, and scones.
Other birds, such as cocks, quails and partridges, are commonly used in these decorative illuminations, and this class of ornament was probably derived from Persia, under the Sasanian Dynasty, when decorative art and skilful handicrafts flourished to a very remarkable extent.
Other charges may apply.
Other cities have similar problems.
Other cities, other peoples.
Other colours are available on request.
Other companies have complied with the rules, including YouTube, TikTok, Dailymotion and VKontakte.
Other companies offer similar programs.
Other companies will present their offers as well.
Other conservative critics said the children were victims of “politically correct teaching” and the campaign was a ploy to “weaponize children for political purposes.”
Other considerations are necessary.
Other countries are also adopting nationwide changes. In Switzerland, drivers will have to keep their headlights on, even in the middle of the day. Canada has banned incandescent lightbulbs, while Botswana is prohibiting elephant hunting.
Other countries' cultures really interest me.
Other cryptids are Scotland’s Loch Ness Monster, Big Foot in North America, and central Africa’s dinosaur-like Mokele Mbembe.
Other details need to be reviewed.
Other documents of great importance include the writings of the Jesuits.
Other elements need to be taken into account.
Other experts say glass making first started four to five thousand years ago in ancient Mesopotamia, present day Iraq and Syria.
Other exports include gold, mercury, uranium, natural gas, and - in some years - electricity.
Other factors of importance, which make litigation of large corporations more difficult, are the size and complexity of their activities.
Other faiths are present in Algeria.
Other families soon moved into the area.
Other famous Rhodes Scholars include former President Bill Clinton, U.S. senator Cory Booker, American actor and songwriter Kris Kristofferson, and Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Ronan Farrow.
Other features include tiny cameras instead of side view mirrors, and seats that swivel to give the car a lounge-like feeling.
Other fees may apply.
Other girls often treat me like I'm a little kid.
Other health uses include medical imaging and vision correction surgery. Eye surgeons use lasers in LASIK operations to reshape the cornea, which covers the lens of the eye. The reshaped cornea corrects the patient’s bad eyesight so he or she does not have to wear glasses or other corrective lenses.
Other influences are important to note.
Other injuries included a broken nose, a dislocated shoulder and a hairline fracture of a cheekbone.
Other lands, other customs.
Other life probably exists out there and perhaps in many places.
Other measurements included atmospheric pressure at various heights, and temperature, and surface light levels.
Other members received less severe sentences.
Other members received less severe verdicts by the court.
Other methods may be currently available.
Other names have been bandied about.
Other natural products are also being used in place of plastic. They include the pit, or center, of apricot fruits and the shells of nuts. The pits and shells are ground up and are rough enough to be exfoliants. They — along with jojoba beads — have been used for years by cosmetics manufacturers. So has pumice — a lightweight stone formed by volcanic activity. It has long been used in many kinds of exfoliating and cleaning products.
Other nitrogenous residues are contained in the urine of animals, and several other excretory products may be formed.
Other opinions do exist.
Other opinions don't really matter.
Other options are available.
Other options need to be considered.
Other options remain.
Other people are always off the point.
Other people are going to get mad.
Other people are scared of me.
Other people aren't important to me, but my dog is.
Other people aren't interested.
Other people aren’t interested.
Other people at the meeting didn't agree.
Other people came to help me.
Other people can think what they want, as long as they think like I do.
Other people can't be trusted.
Other people don't feel that way.
Other people need nine or ten hours of sleep.
Other people want to hurt me.
Other people's expectations affect how we behave.
Other people's faultfinder will one day be your faultfinder.
Other people's lives are her passion.
Other people's lives are his passion.
Other people's lives are their passion.
Other people's medical issues are none of your concern.
Other peoples’ expectations affect how we behave.
Other planets have rings, but they are so faint that we cannot easily see them.
Other plans include supporting the development of cultural and creative industries in Francophone Africa and the Caribbean, and funding cinema co-productions with North African countries.
Other plants make heavy, sticky pollen that’s not easily blown from flower to flower.
Other products include coal, coconuts, sugar cane, pineapples, tobacco, vegetables, sago, tapioca, coffee, tea, maize, and groundnuts.
Other projects being developed include mobile salt-removal systems for remote Aboriginal communities where supplies from groundwater wells are contaminated by high concentrations of saline and nitrates.
Other reptiles have a plain body.
Other requirements come from your relationships with other people and your daily activities.
Other research shows similar results.
Other restaurants serve chicken without anything that makes it stand out.
Other restrictions may apply.
Other scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of dinosaurs.
Other scientists are working to unravel how the virus interacts with the different processes happening inside human cells, and looking for drugs that act on those processes.
Other seven also came up out of the river, ill-favoured, and lean fleshed: and they fed on the very bank of the river, in green places. And they devoured them, whose bodies were very beautiful and well conditioned.
Other severe side effects of Kymriah include serious infections, low blood pressure (hypotension), acute kidney injury, fever, and decreased oxygen (hypoxia).
Other significant cities in Afghanistan include Kandahar, Herat, and Mazar-i-Sharif.
Other small sculptures include two hippopotami, on display legless and upside down. Mr. Romano says the ancient Egyptians broke off the legs before putting the figures in the tombs, to keep them from running around the tomb in the afterlife. He says restorers put on new legs, which the staff at the Museum removed for the sake of historical accuracy.
Other states have stopped the sale of flavored vaping products, saying the fruit and candy flavors appeal to young people.
Other states take a more hands-off approach.
Other stories about Hercules are also told. Once, during a journey, he came to the territory of the Egyptians.
Other students are from Vietnam.
Other students pass the time watching Netflix, shopping on Amazon, and scrolling through social media.
Other studies suggest that nano-particles could suppress the growth of plant roots or could even harm the human body’s ability to fight infection.
Other symptoms can occur.
Other than Sundays, I work every day.
Other than Tom, who else would you suggest I ask for advice?
Other than a few days in Boston, I spent the whole summer in Chicago.
Other than a few glasses of wine, I don't indulge in anything, not even an aspirin.
Other than his family, Tom treasures only his good friends and good homemade food.
Other than newspapers, we also sell magazines.
Other than occasional business trips, I don't travel much.
Other than that, I agree.
Other than that, I'm just putting one foot in front of the other.
Other than that, I've been doing well.
Other than that, I’ve been doing well.
Other than that, how was the play, Mrs. Lincoln?
Other than that, you should know that I allow myself a bit of irony from time to time.
Other than the driver, there were no adults on the bus.
Other than the things I have just listed, nothing else has a given property.
Other than there, this language is spoken in Goa, Karnataka, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Chattisgarh.
Other than these three things you also need courage.
Other than this one, I'll give you any of them.
Other than this point, things are not so simple.
Other than this, things are not so simple.
Other than you, I don't have any friends I can talk to.
Other than you, I don't have any friends here.
Other than you, I don't have any friends in Boston.
Other than you, I don't have any friends.
Other things being equal, I choose the cheaper one.
Other things being equal, the simplest explanation is the best.
Other things need to be done.
Other times, other customs.
Other times, other manners.
Other times, other ways.
Other times, they felt like something was gnawing or chewing on their feet.
Other types of antisense oligonucleotides have been approved by U.S. regulators and are being used to treat the neurodegenerative disease muscular dystrophy and spinal muscular atrophy. The compound is in clinical trials for Huntington’s disease and ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig’s disease.
Other unusual characteristics of a seahorse are its upright stance, with its prehensile tail — which allows it to hold on to coral and other sea objects. Their tiny size, usually less than 15 centimeters, gives them a "jewel-like" appearance. And seahorses don't have the scales of typical fish; instead they have a dark, exo-skeleton of bony plates for protection and camouflage.
Other variables must be considered.
Other world leaders have also decided to take on gender-based violence.
Other worships pass away; the idols for whom pyramids were raised lie in the desert crumbling and almost nameless; the Olympians are fled, their fanes no longer rise among the quivering olive-groves of Ilissus, or crown the emerald-islets of the amethyst Aegean!
Others are busy, and you're resting!
Others are busy, and you're resting?
Others are hell.
Others are less optimistic.
Others aren't as optimistic.
Others came to escape religious persecution.
Others cried.
Others engage in volunteer work.
Others enjoy her company.
Others followed Tom's example.
Others have questioned this hypothesis.
Others have seen it, too.
Others hold that the earth has nine corners by which the heavens are supported. Another disagreeing from these would have the earth supported by seven elephants, and the elephants do not sink down because their feet are fixed on a tortoise. When asked who would fix the body of the tortoise, so that it would not collapse, he said that he did not know.
Others may find your dog a puzzle. Please be nice and make her wear a muzzle.
Others prefer to watch sports events than to watch my favourite sci-fi shows.
Others said they were uncomfortable with government action to create an ethnic categorization, and they also worried about the measure's potential to suppress free speech at schools.
Others say Adil's people are too abstract, as they like dealing with pure mathematics and orchestral music.
Others say it may even be beneficial.
Others seem interested, too.
Others seemed to agree.
Others share Tom's optimism.
Others thought of the blue cross.
Others were crying, too.
Others were excluded too, right?
Others will appreciate your effort.
Otherwise he had nothing to add.
Otherwise he would not have won the first prize.
Otherwise it comes to a second round of voting featuring the two candidates who received the most votes in the first round.
Otherwise please stay on the line.
Otherwise we will have to cancel this order.
Otherwise you should visit Switzerland by yourself, while my sister and I visit Estonia.
Otherwise you won't get there before dark.
Otherwise you won’t get there before dark.
Otherwise, it is considered impolite to pass food with the left hand, because the left hand is used for bathing.
Otherwise, no!
Otherwise, our spilled blood will not be halal to you.
Otherwise, run-off elections take place with the participation of the two candidates with the largest number of votes received in the first round.
Otherwise, the idea was brilliant.
Otherwise, the whole claim is meritless, voided, and forfeited.
Otherwise, there's no cause for concern.
Otherwise, you will die.
Otmar, why are you doing this to us? Haven't we already suffered enough?
Otoliths may dislodge suddenly and tumble down.
Otoyo enjoyed the beautiful spring day and walked along the beach.
Otsvoyen decided to attract the guy's attention at any price.
Ottawa is Canada's capital.
Ottawa is the capital of Canada.
Ottawa prepared Friday to send military aircraft and other help to evacuate towns and fight more than 100 wildfires in western Canada fueled by a record-smashing heat wave.
Otters are cute.
Otto Frederick Rohwedder invented the first automatic bread-slicing machine for commercial use.
Otto Lilienthal was a German engineer and entrepreneur.
Otto lives in Berlin.
Ottoman Algeria had several treaties with Western powers.
Ottoman Turkish is written and read from right to left.
Ottoman Turks conquered Egypt in 1517.
Ouagadougou is the capital of Burkina Faso.
Ouargla is the district that contains the most oil in Algeria.
Ouch!
Ouch! A chestnut fell on my head.
Ouch! I bit my tongue!
Ouch! I bit my tongue.
Ouch! I stuck my finger in the door!
Ouch! I was stung by a bee.
Ouch! I've pricked myself!
Ouch! Let go!
Ouch! My eyes hurt.
Ouch! My finger got caught in the door.
Ouch! My foot!
Ouch! My tooth!
Ouch! That hurts!
Ouch! The light bulb is still hot.
Ouch!! I've been stung by a bee!!
Ouch!! I’ve been stung by a bee!!
Ouch, nobody translates my sentences...
Ouch, that hurts!
Oued Kniss is a well-known flea market in Algiers.
Oued Smar was once Algiers's main garbage dump.
Ought I to go?
Ought I to tell it to him?
Ought he to be forced out of the presidency?
Ought we to implore the assistance of the Nymphs? But then Pan did not help Philetas when he loved Amaryllis.
Ouija Board; fun for the whole family, past or present.
Our 2CV broke down.
Our Algerian business employs four hundred people and it keeps hiring.
Our Algerian values are the glue holding us all together.
Our Algiers pastry shop has been in the family for forty years.
Our American neighbor will have lived in Japan for five years next year.
Our Being is Becoming, not stasis. Our Science is Utopia, our Reality is Eros, our Desire is Revolution.
Our Berber ancestors converted to Islam in the 8th century AD.
Our Berber teacher is a scholar and a gentleman.
Our Berber teacher is a very nice young man.
Our Berber teacher is really nice.
Our Berber teacher is sick and there is no lesson today.
Our Berber teacher isn't a native speaker of the language.
Our Berber teacher makes the students feel like he's one of them.
Our Berber teacher was amazing.
Our Berber teacher was late this morning.
Our Berber teacher was very strict.
Our Berber-language association has 140 members.
Our COVID-19 strategy is the green curve.
Our Canadian German teacher said, "If you want to understand Shakespeare you have to read him in German."
Our Canadian German teacher, who was English by birth, opined that to understand Shakespeare you would have to read him in German translation.
Our Chinese guests ordered a dog for dinner.
Our Christmas break is happening on the 20th this year.
Our Christmas cactus always blooms in mid-October.
Our Earth is a big spaceship.
Our Earth is our only planet.
Our English teacher is always on time.
Our English teacher is at once strict and kind.
Our English teacher is both strict and kind.
Our English teacher likes to make caustic comments.
Our English teacher likes to make fun of us.
Our English teacher likes to ridicule us.
Our English teacher put emphasis on pronunciation.
Our Father in Heaven: Thy name be holy. Your kingdom has come; Your will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. We need bread, give it to me today. and exempt us from debts, as I have spared them from debtors. And leads us into temptation; Save us from our sins. For the kingdom, the power, and the glory belong to you, until you come to this world. Sincerely!
Our Father in heaven, hallowed be your name.
Our Father in heaven, hallowed be your name. Your Kingdom come, your will be done, on earth as in heaven. Give us today our daily bread. Forgive us our sins, as we forgive those who sin against us. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
Our Father in heaven: may your holy name be honored.
Our Father in the heavens, your name shall be holy. Thy kingdom come. May your will be done on earth as it is done in heaven. Please give us our daily bread today as well. Please forgive us our sins. We also forgive men. Please do not tempt us, Please save us from evil. The country, power and glory are yours forever. Amen.
Our Father that is in heaven, hallowed be your name; your kingdom come; your will be done, in earth as in heaven. Give to us this day our bread over other substance, and forgive to us our debts, as we forgive our debtors; and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. Amen.
Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
Our Father who art above, hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come.
Our Father who art in Heaven, Hallowed be thy name; Thy kingdom come Thy will be done On earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread; And forgive us our trespasses As we forgive those who trespass against us; And lead us not into temptation, But deliver us from evil.
Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name. Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven.
Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name. Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our offenses, as we forgive our offenders, and lead us not to temptation, but free us from evil. Truly.
Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us, and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be your name.
Our Father who art in heaven.
Our Father, who art in Heaven.
Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name.
Our Father, who art in heaven: hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. Forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. Don't let us fall into temptation and deliver us from evil.
Our French class is third period.
Our French class today was boring.
Our French teacher doesn't use English in the classroom.
Our French teacher gives us a test every Monday.
Our French teacher is Canadian, isn't he?
Our French teacher is Canadian.
Our French teacher is a Canadian.
Our French teacher is both strict and kind.
Our French teacher is kind.
Our French teacher is strict.
Our French teacher is very strict.
Our French teacher isn't very strict.
Our French teacher only uses French in the classroom.
Our French teacher told us to use "tu" with him.
Our French teacher was very strict.
Our French teacher wasn't very strict.
Our French teacher's name is Tom.
Our Japanese teacher is very nice to us.
Our Kabyle compatriot is brimming with funny stories.
Our Kabyle friend is packed with amusing anecdotes.
Our Kabyle is full of jokes.
Our Lord is with thee.
Our Lord is with you.
Our Mary is in the cowshed doing the milking.
Our Mary is milking in the cowshed.
Our Mary is not afraid of anything!
Our Milky Way is a galaxy.
Our Milky Way is only an insignificant little dot in the universe.
Our Mohammed is a laugher!
Our Mohammed is known for his laughter!
Our Muslim community is amazing.
Our Officers are sometimes in plain clothing but will always show their ID while carrying out ticket checks.
Our P.E. kit was just shorts but now it's spats from today.
Our P.E. kit was just shorts but now it’s spats from today.
Our Polish river, the Vistula, is long.
Our Prime Minister is scheduled to meet with the Chinese Prime Minister tomorrow.
Our Solar System has eight planets which orbit the Sun.
Our Sun is just one of the stars that form the Galaxy known as the Milky Way.
Our Sun’s energy drives our planet’s ocean currents, seasons, weather and climate.
Our TV has already broken again.
Our TV is broken.
Our TV is out of order.
Our TV isn't working.
Our Tagalog sounds more like an opera.
Our Tawes is always laughing, she is never sad.
Our Tawes is constantly cheerful, she never gets upset.
Our Tawes is perpetually smiling, she never feels down.
Our Valera is so sad — the dick he sucked must've tasted bad.
Our Web site, http://www.example.com will tell you all you need to know.
Our ability to communicate about these matters ended a while ago.
Our accountants are looking into it.
Our actions are influenced by social norms.
Our actions in society are restricted.
Our actions should be driven by respect.
Our activism has been called parochial, but I would like to believe that our efforts will inspire others to make a difference in their own communities.
Our advance was checked.
Our advice is that the company invest in new equipment.
Our aeroplane flew above the clouds.
Our age difference doesn't matter.
Our age difference is insignificant.
Our age goes in for quantity regardless of quality.
Our agenda is to check the milestones and prioritize the action items based on objectives. The priority of the roadmap is critical, so abandon the previous updates and assign work according to the prioritization.
Our aim is that, when planning classes, we know how to select stimulating material for the students and how to put it into use.
Our aim is to forestall all those risks.
Our aim is to make sure the country's power is 100% renewable by the next century.
Our aims are simple.
Our air conditioner broke down.
Our air conditioner is being repaired.
Our air is polluted.
Our aircraft is soaring over the clouds right now.
Our airplane arrives in one hour.
Our airplane flew above the clouds.
Our airport is also being renovated.
Our airport is being renovated.
Our album was recorded primarily in Boston.
Our alien race cannot live on Earth.
Our allegiance has never been to any particular tribe or kingdom - indeed, every language is spoken in our country; every culture has left its imprint on ours; every point of view is expressed in our public squares.
Our alliance with Tom paid off.
Our allies are weak.
Our ammunition has run out.
Our ancestor was right about delight in ancient times.
Our ancestors arrived in this country 150 years ago.
Our ancestors came here over a hundred years ago.
Our ancestors came to this country 150 years ago.
Our ancestors developed massive jaws as a result of constant combat.
Our ancestors did not think about our fate.
Our ancestors knew how to read the stars.
Our ancestors lived in harmony with nature.
Our ancestors used animals to name the years of people's births as their lives were closely connected to these animals.
Our ancestors used animals to name the years of people’s births as their lives were closely connected to these animals.
Our ancestors were a lot more unihibited with regards to sex.
Our ancestors wrote it.
Our ancestral home is in Tongli, Jiangsu.
Our anniversary is on the 20th.
Our anniversary is tomorrow.
Our anniversary was great.
Our apartment is comfortable.
Our apartment is next door.
Our apartment is on the third floor.
Our apartment is small but comfortable.
Our apartment is starting to look pretty cool.
Our apartment is too small.
Our apartment is too small. There's not enough room to raise a family.
Our apartment is very small.
Our apartment was broken into.
Our apartment was very small.
Our apple is pathetic.
Our apple tree is blooming.
Our apprehensions were justified.
Our argument was intense.
Our arguments, which are very different from yours, are much more convincing.
Our army attacked the enemy during the night.
Our army attacked the kingdom.
Our army broke through the enemy defenses.
Our army occupied this region without a fight.
Our army staged a night raid against the enemy.
Our army took the kingdom by surprise.
Our arrival at Narita was delayed by an hour.
Our arrival drew attention.
Our artificial island isn't very well forested yet.
Our artificial island isn’t very well forested yet.
Our artist has left us today.
Our artist is resting in peace forever.
Our astrological superiority is fairly self-explanatory.
Our athletes crossed the finish line last.
Our athletic meet took place only three days ago.
Our atmosphere contains 21% oxygen, which is necessary for us to breathe, 78% nitrogen, and 0.9% argon. The other 0.1% consists of water vapor, carbon dioxide, neon, methane, krypton, helium, xenon, hydrogen, nitrous oxide, carbon monoxide, nitrogen dioxide, sulfur dioxide, and ozone.
Our atmosphere distorts telescopic images.
Our attack was successful.
Our attempt has proved to be a failure.
Our attention is the most precious resource.
Our attitude determines our life.
Our attitude toward plants is singularly narrow.
Our aunt Erna could never keep things tidy, so whenever anyone was due to visit, there was a rush to get things spick and span.
Our aunt is visiting this weekend.
Our baby can walk.
Our baby can't talk yet.
Our baby cannot talk yet.
Our baby doesn't talk yet.
Our baby has started crawling.
Our baby has started talking.
Our baby is growing so fast, I didn't realize just how quickly time flew by.
Our baby is growing up day by day.
Our baby is learning to speak.
Our baby is not yet articulate.
Our baby isn't speaking yet.
Our baby isn't talking yet.
Our baby isn’t speaking yet.
Our baby started to talk.
Our baby was born healthy.
Our baby will be born someday soon.
Our babysitter gave us a chocolate bar apiece.
Our back porch is a little creaky and unstable, but we'll be reinforcing it before summer rolls around.
Our backs are to the wall.
Our backyard is a mess.
Our backyard is twenty meters square.
Our bad luck was temporary.
Our bags are heavy.
Our ball went over the fence and landed on the building site.
Our band does a lot of cover songs.
Our band has never played disco music.
Our band is looking for a new singer.
Our band is splitting up.
Our band needs a distinctive logo.
Our band needs a keyboardist.
Our band needs a lead guitarist.
Our band needs another guitarist.
Our band played here last week.
Our band will be on tour for the next three months.
Our band's been on the road for three months.
Our banisters are made of steel.
Our barn was cheap to build.
Our baseball diamond is very small.
Our baseball team had a good season.
Our baseball team had a horrible season last year.
Our baseball team is very strong.
Our basement got flooded.
Our basement is a mess.
Our basement is flooded.
Our basic problem is the lack of know-how.
Our basketball team is pretty good.
Our basketball team is recruiting tall boys.
Our basketball team stinks.
Our battle is waiting for us.
Our beautiful beach is often visited by foreigners.
Our beautiful beaches are often visited by foreigners.
Our beautiful teachers are young.
Our beds are made.
Our behavior is often controlled by society.
Our beliefs on some topics may not be the same.
Our bellies are empty.
Our beloved Kabylie is Algeria and our beloved Algeria is Kabylie.
Our beloved Kabylie is part of Algeria.
Our beloved and faithful subject, we require the assistance of our loyal subjects to help us overcome all the difficulties we face regarding the state of our finances and to establish, in accordance with our wishes, a steady and enduring order in all aspects of the Government that pertain to the happiness of our Subjects and the prosperity of our kingdom.
Our beloved father would read us some prose every week to better our understanding of the world's beauty.
Our best efforts availed us little.
Our best efforts weren't of much help.
Our best efforts weren’t of much help.
Our best friend is a doctor.
Our best negotiators always drive a hard bargain.
Our best pictures of the human mind suggest that we don't plop our mental activities into single, ordered boxes.
Our best player is Tom.
Our best thoughts come from others.
Our biggest challenge may lie ahead.
Our biggest enemies may not be other people, but ourselves.
Our biggest enemy may not be someone else, but ourselves.
Our biggest problem is we only have three days to finish this.
Our biggest problem right now is money.
Our bike tour of the French Alps lasted two weeks.
Our biking trip in the French Alps lasted two weeks.
Our biological ancestors thrived in the primordial soup hundreds of millions of years ago.
Our birthday party will be here.
Our blackbird sings beautifully on top of the chimney.
Our blinds were half-drawn, and Holmes lay curled upon the sofa, reading and re-reading a letter which he had received by the morning post.
Our blood contains five million red blood cells per cubic millimeter.
Our boat approached the small island.
Our boat capsized suddenly, and everybody fell into the river.
Our boat capsized.
Our boat docked in Marseilles.
Our boat drifted ashore on the tide.
Our boat drifted to shore on the tide.
Our boat followed a school of fish.
Our boat got caught in a whirlpool.
Our boat got sucked into a whirlpool.
Our boat is leaking.
Our boat is sinking.
Our boat sank.
Our boat suddenly capsized, and everyone fell into the river.
Our boat won by two lengths.
Our bodies age.
Our bodies are changing.
Our bodies are made of cells.
Our bodies are not designed to cope with stress for long periods.
Our bodies are our gardens, to which our wills are gardeners.
Our bodies brushed against each other.
Our bodies fight off diseases through our immune system.
Our bodies respond to our feelings.
Our bodies seemed to be one.
Our bodies' cells practically completely renew themselves in seven years. Do we have the right to believe that in the mirror, we see that same person as seven years ago?
Our bodies, indeed, are nigh each other, but our souls are sundered.
Our body is the boat that transports us to the other shore of the ocean of life. We should take good care of it.
Our body was formed out of four elements: earth, fire, water, and air.
Our bond is built on trust, not financial gain.
Our bond of friendship is stronger for ever.
Our bond was a source of constant joy.
Our bones are white.
Our book was adapted into a film.
Our borders aren't secure.
Our boss approved our plan.
Our boss begrudged us even a small raise in pay.
Our boss didn't find Tom's practical joke funny.
Our boss doesn't let us take coffee breaks.
Our boss doesn't tolerate being contradicted.
Our boss is Canadian.
Our boss is a Canadian.
Our boss is hard to please.
Our boss is such a bitch.
Our boss is very sweet on the new girl.
Our boss looks over every paper presented to him.
Our boss made us work from morning till night.
Our boss made us work overtime yesterday.
Our boss organized today's clean-up.
Our boss organized today’s clean-up.
Our boss turned down our proposal.
Our boss wants us to maintain a calls log.
Our boss won't like it if we do nothing.
Our bosses are in Algeria.
Our boys are in trouble.
Our brains are constantly looking for stimulation.
Our brains control our activities.
Our brains need a lot of stimulation.
Our brains need some stimulation.
Our brains need stimulation.
Our branches extend all over the country.
Our brave men and women are thousands of miles away from home, fighting for democracy with depleted uranium bombs.
Our brave men and women were sent to oil-rich Iraq to defend democracy and freedom.
Our brave servicemen have crossed thousands of miles to drop tons of explosives on the heads of these innocent children to defend peace.
Our breakfast has oats and corn in it.
Our breath has sufficed only this far.
Our broken water heater couldn't be repaired.
Our brother is a pianist.
Our brother is not here today.
Our brother isn't here today.
Our brother lives in Algeria.
Our brother lives in Sri Lanka.
Our budget got approved today.
Our budget has been cut.
Our budget is really tight.
Our budget is tight.
Our budget is very limited.
Our budget is very low.
Our budget was cut.
Our budget won't allow that luxury.
Our budget won’t allow that luxury.
Our building also has two multi-purpose rooms which can be used for talks, seminars and classes.
Our building wasn't damaged in the earthquake.
Our bus arrived a little early.
Our bus broke down on the way.
Our bus broke down three miles from town.
Our bus broke down.
Our bus came.
Our bus collided with a lorry.
Our bus collided with a truck.
Our bus comes late particularly when we are in a hurry.
Our bus comes late, particularly when we are in a hurry.
Our bus is about to leave.
Our bus is here.
Our bus leaves in five minutes.
Our bus left at eight, arriving in Boston at eleven.
Our bus was late.
Our business calls for a lot of people.
Our business has been booming.
Our business here is done.
Our business in this world is not to succeed, but to continue to fail, in good spirits.
Our business is booming.
Our business is confidential.
Our business is doing great.
Our business is doing just fine.
Our business is done here.
Our business is expanding.
Our business is rather urgent.
Our business is seasonal.
Our business is struggling.
Our business is urgent.
Our business is very urgent.
Our business is your perfect satisfaction.
Our cabin doesn't have running water.
Our calculations show that the rocket is off its course.
Our calendars are in sync.
Our cameras are going to be sending infrared light over to this and then the light is going to bounce back and the camera is going to register where the marker is.
Our camp is about 5 miles downstream from here.
Our campaign was not hatched in the halls of Washington.
Our camping site is in Kabylie, Algeria.
Our camping trip was a much-anticipated event.
Our campus festival is to be held next week.
Our capital, Algiers, is the heart of Algeria.
Our captain got sick, so I attended the meeting in his place.
Our captors gave us clothes, food, books - the whole nine yards.
Our car broke down and we had to spend the night in a hotel.
Our car broke down and we're out of gas.
Our car broke down in the middle of the street.
Our car broke down last night.
Our car broke down on our way there.
Our car broke down, so we had to call a taxi.
Our car broke down.
Our car broke down. We're waiting for the tow truck to come.
Our car developed engine trouble on the way.
Our car got stolen.
Our car got stuck in the mud.
Our car got towed.
Our car happened to pass theirs by the station.
Our car is being repaired at the auto shop.
Our car is being repaired at the garage.
Our car is being repaired.
Our car is equipped with air conditioning.
Our car is equipped with airconditioning.
Our car is equipped with an air conditioner.
Our car is falling apart.
Our car is here; where is yours?
Our car is in the shop.
Our car is older than yours.
Our car is out of gas.
Our car is over there.
Our car is rather old, but so is theirs.
Our car is stuck in the mud.
Our car is there.
Our car is three years older than yours.
Our car met theirs near the station.
Our car pulled uphill.
Our car ran out of gas after ten minutes.
Our car ran out of gas after two minutes.
Our car ran out of petrol after ten minutes.
Our car was a total loss after the accident.
Our car was fast and soon got ahead of the other cars.
Our car was stolen.
Our car will run out of petrol in 2 minutes.
Our cat Tom came to us in poor health. We got rid of his fleas, wormed him, and had him vaccinated. Since then, he's settled down well with us.
Our cat ate our hamster.
Our cat ate the apple pie and blamed it on our dog.
Our cat can flush the toilet and our dog can open the garden-gate.
Our cat doesn't understand English.
Our cat fought with someone else's cat.
Our cat has complaints about the service.
Our cat has terrible separation anxiety.
Our cat is afraid of everything. The other day, it even ran away from a mouse.
Our cat is always complaining.
Our cat is fat.
Our cat is house-trained.
Our cat is housebroken.
Our cat is in the kitchen.
Our cat is missing.
Our cat is sitting in the apple tree, and the birds are making a racket.
Our cat is sterilized.
Our cat is such a drama queen.
Our cat is very fond of seaweed.
Our cat is very high-strung.
Our cat is very mischievous. First, she begs for food. Then, when we give it to her, she sniffs, snorts, takes one bite, and walks away.
Our cat is white with blue eyes.
Our cat is white with brown spots.
Our cat isn't allowed in one room of the house, and he spends all his time meowing outside the door to it.
Our cat loves cheese.
Our cat ran away.
Our cat really likes you.
Our cat tried in vain to catch a butterfly.
Our cat went nuts when we played the cat simulation game.
Our cat's fur has lost its luster.
Our cat's fur has lost its lustre.
Our cat's name is Cookie.
Our catalog will be sent on demand.
Our cathedral is a proud building.
Our cathedral is an imposing structure.
Our cats are bigger than that dog.
Our cats are going apeshit.
Our cats have the posture of a tiger or a lion.
Our cats terrorize us.
Our cattle were killed.
Our cat’s fur has lost its luster.
Our cause is just. The enemy will be routed. Victory shall be ours.
Our cause is right.
Our cells often use the same machinery to do different jobs.
Our century has seen a notable increase of knowledge.
Our chairs were almost touching.
Our chairs, being his patents, embraced and caressed us rather than submitted to be sat upon, and there was that luxurious after-dinner atmosphere, when thought runs gracefully free of the trammels of precision.
Our chambers were always full of chemicals and of criminal relics which had a way of wandering into unlikely positions, and of turning up in the butter-dish or in even less desirable places.
Our chances are excellent.
Our chances of victory are negligible.
Our character is affected by the environment.
Our characters are completely different.
Our charity is for people with blue eyes and blonde hair like us.
Our chef has just quit.
Our chef is very busy today.
Our chef just quit.
Our chemistry lesson yesterday was about dilution of acids and bases.
Our chicken didn't produce an egg today.
Our chickens are all dead.
Our chickens got eaten by a jackal.
Our chief concern should be the aging of society.
Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we can.
Our child enthusiastically set out today since we're going on a trip.
Our child has a cat.
Our child has made the lines on the wall.
Our child likes dogs, but I prefer cats.
Our child loves toys that make a rattling noise, and doesn't take notice of anything else.
Our child seems to be brilliant. Of course, we may be prejudiced.
Our children all go to the local school.
Our children also need to do that.
Our children are adults now.
Our children are all safe.
Our children are already grown up.
Our children are anxious to have bicycles like those of the children next door.
Our children are asleep upstairs.
Our children are at home.
Our children are at school.
Our children are at school; where are yours?
Our children are being cared for.
Our children are friends.
Our children are grown up now.
Our children are grown.
Our children are hungry.
Our children are in Australia.
Our children are in Germany.
Our children are in trouble.
Our children are independent of us.
Our children are still in Boston.
Our children are the apple of our eye.
Our children are the same age, same gender and same height. They are twins.
Our children are upstairs.
Our children aren't to blame.
Our children can play together one day.
Our children come back from school kind of late.
Our children depend on us.
Our children deserve no less.
Our children deserve that.
Our children don't live here any longer.
Our children don't live here anymore.
Our children don't live with us anymore.
Our children don't need us any longer.
Our children have grown up, they don't need us anymore.
Our children have grown up.
Our children like dogs, but I prefer cats.
Our children like the dog, but I like the cat.
Our children need new clothes.
Our children need our help.
Our children need to learn God's language.
Our children no longer live here.
Our children no longer live with us.
Our children really like animals.
Our children still cannot go to school.
Our children still go to school.
Our children were at the same elementary school.
Our children were born here.
Our children were born in Boston.
Our children's education set us back quite a lot.
Our children's happiness is our happiness.
Our children’s education set us back quite a lot.
Our chimney is made of bricks.
Our choices are limited.
Our choices are not completely unrestricted.
Our choices are very limited.
Our church meeting is every month; every four weeks, that makes it once a month, I make camp and cook.
Our circadian rhythms are different.
Our circumstances will change tomorrow.
Our circus hires a lot of clowns.
Our cities are creating serious pollution problems.
Our cities are dirty.
Our cities create serious pollution problems.
Our city does not have the infrastructure to receive so many tourists.
Our city doesn't have a large airport.
Our city doesn't have enough public institutions for the aged.
Our city doesn’t have enough public institutions for the aged.
Our city has a fast-growing population.
Our city has become more multiethnic.
Our city has been experiencing power cuts for six years now.
Our city has many beautiful buildings.
Our city has no water service yet.
Our city has one third as many people as Tokyo.
Our city has trams.
Our city is a railway hub.
Our city is easily reached by train or car.
Our city is four hours away from Algiers.
Our city is free from air pollution.
Our city is getting bigger and bigger.
Our city is home to a peanut factory.
Our city is in the middle of the desert.
Our city is known for its beauty all over the world.
Our city is rather small in comparison with Tokyo.
Our city is very pedestrian-friendly.
Our city police have a new campaign targeting drunken driving.
Our city sits on an active fault.
Our city suffers from a lack of 24 hour transit service.
Our city used to be a village.
Our city was bombed during the war.
Our city was covered with smog.
Our city wasn't bombed during the war.
Our city's pension system is being strained by a growing retiree population.
Our city's transport problems are minor when measured against capitals like London and New York.
Our city's zoo is big and new.
Our city’s transport problems are minor when measured against capitals like London and New York.
Our civilization ended the day we invented the nuclear bomb.
Our civilization is barbaric.
Our clans made a treaty to live in peace.
Our class began to prepare for a new year's performance.
Our class begins at ten.
Our class consists of 40 boys.
Our class consists of fifty boys.
Our class consists of thirty students.
Our class has 41 pupils.
Our class has 41 students.
Our class has a meeting once a week.
Our class has forty students.
Our class has forty-five students.
Our class has forty-one pupils.
Our class has gotten bigger.
Our class has increased in size.
Our class has just finished.
Our class has more than ten students.
Our class has more than twenty students.
Our class has twenty-five boys and twenty girls.
Our class is a small one.
Our class is going on a field trip next Monday.
Our class is going to start in 30 minutes. Okay?
Our class is made up of 30 students.
Our class is taking a field trip tomorrow.
Our class reunion brought back old memories of when we were students.
Our class reunion is next weekend.
Our class today will begin at 3 p.m.
Our class was like a family.
Our class went on an excursion to Hakone.
Our class were all glad to hear it.
Our class will go on a picnic next week.
Our class will start in 30 minutes, OK?
Our classroom door is locked.
Our classroom is very small.
Our classroom was kept tidy.
Our clever people are either exiled or killed.
Our client wants to build a house with an internal courtyard in order to avoid unwelcome gazes from the outside.
Our clients are the most important to us.
Our climate is being changed.
Our climate is changing.
Our climb will be steep.
Our clinic is the leader in this sector.
Our closest ape cousins live in societies and care for each other.
Our clothes are filthy.
Our clothes were always clean.
Our clothing wasn't up to the task of protecting us from the bitter cold.
Our club activities are always spoiled by his behavior.
Our club currently does not have a location.
Our club dining room also has a menu in Esperanto.
Our club doesn't currently have a place to meet.
Our club has a secret handshake.
Our club has three times as many members as yours.
Our club is affiliated with an international organization.
Our club is open all night.
Our club stays open all night.
Our club will hold its monthly meeting next Wednesday.
Our coach is Canadian.
Our coach is a Canadian.
Our colleague's mother has died.
Our colleague's mother passed away.
Our collective stance against racism and dehumanization is unwavering.
Our college is far from the station.
Our college uses far too much electricity.
Our college won't admit Tom until he meets all the requirements.
Our combined fleet broke through the enemy's defense zone.
Our combined fleet broke through the enemy’s defense zone.
Our commitment to eradicating dehumanization and racism is resolute.
Our commitment to human rights must be absolute, our laws fair, our natural beauty preserved; the powerful must not persecute the weak, and human dignity must be enhanced.
Our committee consists of ten members.
Our committee won't meet again until the twentieth.
Our common language is Esperanto.
Our common language is French.
Our community faces many challenges.
Our community is great.
Our company and its affiliates may share your personal information with each other.
Our company brings more scope to these small brands and more skill in the marketing field.
Our company brings those smaller brands more scale and more marketing nous.
Our company decided for consistent fees.
Our company decided on flat rate pricing.
Our company doesn't have a cafeteria.
Our company doesn't pay well.
Our company employs over three hundred people.
Our company employs thirty people.
Our company failed to survive against cutthroat competition.
Our company had the fortieth anniversary of its foundation.
Our company has a long, long history.
Our company has a strict dress code.
Our company has a strictly enforced dress code.
Our company has a well organized system of 200 sales offices, located all over Japan.
Our company has annual sales of a billion yen.
Our company has annual sales of a thousand million yen.
Our company has been trying to blunt the effects of these changes.
Our company has been voted one of the top 50 best companies to work for.
Our company has branches in many cities.
Our company has come a long way since it was set up.
Our company has just launched a new product on the market.
Our company has many clients abroad.
Our company has many clients from abroad.
Our company has many projects to do.
Our company has never had that kind of system, and it's never made us feel uncomfortable.
Our company has never had that kind of system, and it’s never made us feel uncomfortable.
Our company has no holidays year round.
Our company has over 300 employees.
Our company has strengthened its presence in Algeria.
Our company has thirty employees.
Our company is 30 years old.
Our company is a limited company.
Our company is a limited-liability company.
Our company is a small but elect venture business that assists in entry and totalling of questionnaires.
Our company is based in Boston.
Our company is broke.
Our company is currently seeking $3 million in funding for our seed round.
Our company is engaged in the production of painting tools.
Our company is finally in the black.
Our company is going back to Algeria.
Our company is going to be left behind too if we don’t create an environment in which we can get instant Internet access.
Our company is in dire straits.
Our company is in the process of removing non-inclusive language from our current documentation. Please note that retroactive changes are not always possible, and some non-inclusive language may remain in older documentation.
Our company is in the red by millions of dollars.
Our company is in trouble.
Our company is opening a branch in Berlin.
Our company is planning to build a new chemical plant in Russia.
Our company is too top-heavy.
Our company is welcoming towards genderqueer people.
Our company isn't intending to leave Algeria.
Our company isn't very big.
Our company lacks skilled workers.
Our company makes use of the Internet.
Our company may share your personal information with its affiliates.
Our company needs people like you.
Our company needs someone who feels at home when it comes to advanced technology.
Our company needs someone who is at home in advanced technology.
Our company needs someone who's familiar with advanced technology.
Our company needs to become more efficient.
Our company only sells quality goods.
Our company owns this land.
Our company pays badly.
Our company produces underwater robots.
Our company provides customized, worry-free solutions to protect your customers' sensitive data.
Our company selected this office suite.
Our company strives to improve its products.
Our company strives to improve its services.
Our company supports several cultural events.
Our company wanted to build a factory there, but many of the landowners in that area refused to sell their land to us.
Our company wants to expand into a new market.
Our company wants to take part in that research project.
Our company was founded in 1899 by my great grandfather.
Our company was founded in 1899 by my great-great-great-grandfather.
Our company will implement new price standards regarding this product.
Our company won't leave Algeria.
Our company's agent in Rio will meet you at the airport.
Our company's base is in Tokyo.
Our company's first priority is meeting our customers' needs.
Our company's head office is in Boston.
Our company's headquarters are in Boston.
Our company's headquarters are in Tokyo.
Our company's showroom was a hit with the ladies.
Our company's technology has already reached the level of a developed country in the 1990s.
Our company's visual identity was designed to evoke a sense of trust and familiarity.
Our company’s agent in Rio will meet you at the airport.
Our company’s base is in Tokyo.
Our company’s first priority is meeting our customers’ needs.
Our company’s headquarters are in Tokyo.
Our company’s technology has already reached the level of a developed country in the 1990s.
Our competitive position is weakened by the rising labor cost.
Our competitor is undercutting our prices.
Our compliments to the chef.
Our computer network has been breached over multiple years.
Our comrade is reading a novel.
Our concepts of the world are different. No service is performed by failing to make clear our disagreements. A central difference is the belief of the American people in self-determination for all people.
Our concert has been postponed.
Our concert is in three weeks.
Our concert is three weeks from now.
Our concierge team will locate the resources to fulfill your needs.
Our conclusion is based on previous studies of the problem.
Our condolences!
Our condolences, thoughts and sympathy go out to the survivors, families and friends of the victims and to the entire Israeli people at this difficult time.
Our condolences.
Our condom broke.
Our confidence in him is gone.
Our confidence is extremely high.
Our confidence was high.
Our congratulations on your new home!
Our connection may be cut on paper but the bonds of old remain as they were.
Our connection was instant.
Our conscience is the witness to our most secret crimes.
Our consciences are tormenting us.
Our consciousness is trapped in mortal machines made of meat.
Our consciousness must exist prior to our algorithmic computer capacity.
Our constitution endows us with certain inalienable rights.
Our constitution was drawn up under American guidance.
Our content isn't accessible in Algeria.
Our contract expired today.
Our conversation always ends in a quarrel.
Our conversation did not last long.
Our conversation is being recorded.
Our conversation lasted for hours.
Our conversation lasted several hours.
Our conversation opened, as usual, upon the weather.
Our conversation seemed to flow easily.
Our conversation shifted to Janos.
Our conversation was hampered by the presence of the driver of the hired wagonette, so that we were forced to talk of trivial matters when our nerves were tense with emotion and anticipation.
Our conversation was interrupted by his sneezes.
Our conversation was interrupted.
Our conversations are a source of joy.
Our conversations feel more like arguments lately.
Our conversations flow easily.
Our conversations flow effortlessly, no matter the topic.
Our conviction is unshakable.
Our conviction is unshakeable.
Our cook has a lot to do today.
Our correspondent is in occupied East Jerusalem.
Our corridor is ten metres long and two-and-a-half metres wide, with four doors on both the left and the right leading off it.
Our cost has gone up.
Our costs have gone up.
Our countries managed to establish comprehensive strategic partnership relations, and through this our partnership is deepening.
Our country abounds in products.
Our country borders on several countries.
Our country desires only peace.
Our country faces many difficulties.
Our country grows stronger day by day.
Our country has a beautiful fauna.
Our country has a glorious history.
Our country has a rich history.
Our country has a shortage of eighty thousand teachers.
Our country has always had friendly relations with yours.
Our country has enjoyed many years of unbroken peace.
Our country has no future.
Our country is Algeria.
Our country is beautiful!
Our country is facing many difficulties.
Our country is falling apart.
Our country is going through a difficult time.
Our country is in a crisis.
Our country is in danger.
Our country is in serious trouble.
Our country is in shambles.
Our country is lagging behind.
Our country is on the edge of an abyss.
Our country is rich in marine products.
Our country is running short of energy resources.
Our country is supposed to serve us.
Our country is unique.
Our country is very rich in oil.
Our country is wherever we live.
Our country isn't big.
Our country must develop its natural resources.
Our country must take action against climate change.
Our country needs more elder care providers.
Our country needs to learn how to compete in the new global economy.
Our country produces a lot of sugar.
Our country shouldn't exist.
Our country stands at the end of the beginning.
Our country wants nothing but peace.
Our country will prevail, because ours is a big and brave army.
Our country will win, for our army is big and brave.
Our country would be better off if we had a new prime minister.
Our country's climate is temperate.
Our country's climate is variable.
Our country's climate tends to change.
Our country's future is not dark, but bright.
Our country's infrastructure is fragile, and it may collapse entirely if it suffers an economic shock.
Our country's youth has no interest in politics.
Our country, Algeria, is a republic.
Our country’s climate is temperate.
Our course takes an interactive approach.
Our course uses an interactive method.
Our course was diverted.
Our couscous is cooked.
Our couscous is cooking in the steamer.
Our couscous is ready.
Our couscous is simmering in the couscous pot.
Our couscous is steamed.
Our couscous is steaming.
Our cousin had twins.
Our cow does not give milk to us.
Our cow does not give milk.
Our cow doesn't give us any milk.
Our cow doesn’t give us any milk.
Our coworker's grandfather has passed away.
Our cows were killed.
Our crisis is over.
Our crops are completely ruined.
Our crops are dying.
Our crops are ruined.
Our culture decides what's right and wrong.
Our culture is threatened.
Our culture will never vanish.
Our culture, our language, our logic, and even our sense of self are all determined by the way in which our specific sociohistorical environment structures reality through signs.
Our cupboards are empty.
Our cups were switched.
Our currency is the Algerian dinar.
Our current "AI" is terrible at human jobs.
Our current house is too crowded, so we've decided to move.
Our current house is too small, so we decided to move.
Our current price list is enclosed with the catalogue.
Our current students have been planning on giving beautiful bouquets of flowers to seniors who have helped them.
Our curriculum is comprehensive.
Our curriculum is very streamlined.
Our customers are counting on us.
Our customers are loyal.
Our cycling trip through the French Alps lasted a fortnight.
Our dad gave it to us.
Our dads all worked in the Algerian military.
Our dads are friends.
Our dads hate each other.
Our dads used to work together.
Our dads used to work with each other.
Our data center is in Algeria.
Our data is released under various Creative Commons licenses.
Our data suggest otherwise.
Our database was hacked three days ago.
Our date is not over yet.
Our date palm tree orchard is a precious piece of land.
Our daughter burned her finger on a match.
Our daughter burned her finger with a match.
Our daughter burnt a finger with a match.
Our daughter burnt her finger with a match.
Our daughter has just started walking.
Our daughter has red hair while both of us have blonde hair.
Our daughter has started crawling.
Our daughter is none the better because we've been nursing.
Our daughter is none the better because we’ve been nursing.
Our daughter is not a child anymore.
Our daughter is potty trained.
Our daughter is toilet trained.
Our daughter isn't a child anymore.
Our daughter often goes to the cinema.
Our daughter plays the flute.
Our daughter will be in the Shichi-Go-San festival this year.
Our daughter's name is Mary.
Our day looks like the next.
Our day will come.
Our deadline is October twentieth.
Our deadline is quickly approaching.
Our deadline is tomorrow at noon.
Our deal has been canceled.
Our deal is dead.
Our deal is still on.
Our death is not an end if we can live on in our children and the younger generation. For they are us, our bodies are only wilted leaves on the tree of life.
Our death will bring them down with us.
Our debt is more than we can pay.
Our decision is final.
Our decision to go to Portugal was quite arbitrary.
Our decisions are somewhat limited.
Our dedication to diplomacy and non-violence paved the way for a peaceful and stable future.
Our delay was due to traffic congestion.
Our delicious coffee is made from freshly roasted coffee beans.
Our demands are as follows.
Our demands are simple.
Our demands are very reasonable.
Our demands are: a maximum of twenty students per classroom, more professors than classrooms, and more student support.
Our demands aren't unreasonable.
Our democracy is decaying.
Our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted. All of us, regardless of party, should be throwing ourselves into the task of rebuilding our democratic institutions.
Our denomination practices exclusive psalmody in worship.
Our department doesn't have that information.
Our department doesn’t have that information.
Our department has about one hundred postgraduate students, but entry is highly selective.
Our department is understaffed.
Our department needs a leader.
Our departure tomorrow is contingent on fair weather.
Our descendants will sooner or later reach, as a race, the condition of cosmic consciousness, just as, long ago, our ancestors passed from simple consciousness into self-consciousness.
Our destination is Boston.
Our destination is distant.
Our destination is still a long way off.
Our destination is still far away.
Our destination was the supermarket within the apartment complex.
Our destinies seem to be interwoven.
Our destiny depends on our decisions.
Our detachment suffered a defeat.
Our diabetes comes from our forebears.
Our diagnosis was wrong.
Our diet is deficient in protein.
Our diet is full of variety.
Our differences are the colors that make our world vibrant.
Our differences make us stronger.
Our differences must be set aside.
Our differences shouldn't affect our respect.
Our difficulties are over.
Our dinner is ready.
Our dinner should be ready soon.
Our dinner today will be very simple: bread, goat cheese, figs and wine.
Our dinner was simple.
Our diplomacy and our military strategy were clearly in contradiction.
Our diplomacy and strategy ran in clear contradiction to each other.
Our director is a Canadian.
Our discovery of the new element will forever be engraved in history!
Our discussions concern broad issues.
Our dishes are prepared by the finest cooks.
Our diversity should enhance, not hinder, our respect.
Our divorce was amicable.
Our divorce was really messy.
Our doctors inform us about our health.
Our documents are missing.
Our documents have been stolen.
Our dog Cookie is a rescue.
Our dog and cat get on well with each other.
Our dog buries bones in the garden.
Our dog buries bones in the yard.
Our dog buries its bones in the garden.
Our dog didn't bark.
Our dog died yesterday.
Our dog dug up a skull.
Our dog eats fruit and vegetables.
Our dog fell in love with our cat.
Our dog follows me everywhere.
Our dog follows me wherever I go.
Our dog gets along well with our cat.
Our dog gets the best food.
Our dog got hurt.
Our dog got lost. Will you help us to find him?
Our dog has been lying in the sun all day.
Our dog has been poisoned.
Our dog has gone away.
Our dog has never bitten anybody, as far as I know.
Our dog has never bitten anyone, as far as I know.
Our dog has never bitten anyone.
Our dog has run away.
Our dog has terrible separation anxiety.
Our dog is big.
Our dog is black.
Our dog is called "Poppy".
Our dog is called Johnny.
Our dog is house trained.
Our dog is housebroken.
Our dog is in his kennel.
Our dog is in its kennel.
Our dog is in the kennel.
Our dog is just like one of the family.
Our dog is never allowed in the house.
Our dog is not fearful, but suspicious towards strangers.
Our dog is really cute.
Our dog is really smart.
Our dog is shedding.
Our dog is so funny.
Our dog is still agile for his age.
Our dog is thirteen.
Our dog is very big.
Our dog is very quiet and hardly ever barks.
Our dog isn't good with kids.
Our dog isn't house broken yet.
Our dog likes big cats and really he can not lie because he is a dog.
Our dog loves chasing tennis balls, cuddling, and watching television with her parents!
Our dog missed the frisbee and collided right into the camera.
Our dog ran away.
Our dog seldom bites.
Our dog sometimes makes noise in his sleep. He must be barking in his dream.
Our dog stole the carpenter's lunchbox from the construction site down the street.
Our dog threw up in the hall.
Our dog vomited in the hall.
Our dog was ill but he is already well now.
Our dog was in the basement when the fire started.
Our dog was nearly run over by a car.
Our dog was run over by a truck.
Our dog whines at the door when it wants in or out.
Our dog will bite strangers.
Our dog ​​is really clever.
Our dog's name is Cookie.
Our dog, which is named John, barks at anybody.
Our dog, whose name is John, barks at everybody.
Our dogs are brother and sister.
Our dogs were poisoned.
Our dogs, a poodle and a dachshund, are running around the yard.
Our door is always open.
Our doors are always open.
Our doors are open to everybody.
Our doors are open to everyone.
Our dorm's having heater problems.
Our dorm's heating system isn't working properly.
Our dorms are for freshmen and sophomores only. Upperclassmen must live off campus.
Our dorm’s having heater problems.
Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win by fearing to attempt.
Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt.
Our dream did not come true.
Our dream has come true, at last!
Our dream has come true.
Our dream has finally become a reality.
Our dream has finally come true.
Our dream is coming true.
Our dream is finally coming true.
Our dream will soon come true.
Our dreamland has become famous.
Our dreams are coming true.
Our dreams came true.
Our dreams can come true.
Our dreams seem to lead in different directions.
Our dreams will come true.
Our drinks were expensive and watered down.
Our driveway is slippery when it's wet.
Our drummer is quitting the band.
Our drummer quit.
Our dwelling is nestled in the forest.
Our earnings are in proportion to our real ability.
Our economy cannot fully recover unless women can participate fully.
Our economy doesn't work as well or grow as fast when a few prosper at the expense of a growing middle class.
Our economy is booming.
Our economy is breaking records with more than 22 million new jobs, the lowest unemployment in 30 years, the highest homeownership ever, the longest expansion in history.
Our economy is going through a period of great stress.
Our economy still hasn't improved.
Our ecosystem is like a house of cards. Take out any species and the entire system can collapse.
Our education system is very poor.
Our education system needs to be seriously revamped.
Our effort ended in failure.
Our effort was in vain.
Our efforts are in vain.
Our efforts are paying off.
Our efforts did not result in success.
Our efforts have paid off.
Our efforts will soon bear fruit.
Our egoism is so great that we believe that when it storms it thunders only for us.
Our elders said: If a discussion is brief, it is profitable; if it persists, it is harmful.
Our electoral manifesto has been translated into Berber.
Our electric bill last month was very high.
Our electric heater did not work well.
Our electric heater does not work well.
Our electricity is still off.
Our electricity was cut off because we forgot to pay the bill.
Our electricity was cut off.
Our employees are getting old.
Our employees are our most valuable assets.
Our employees are working around the clock to fix the damage caused by the ice storm.
Our employees can do that.
Our employees come from all over Algeria.
Our employees do not accept tips.
Our employer will not give way to our demands for higher wages.
Our enemies are everywhere.
Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we.
Our enemies are vicious.
Our enemies couldn't do anything to us.
Our enemies must be destroyed.
Our enemies no.1 are our politicians.
Our enemies rejoiced.
Our enemies took everything from us.
Our enemies want to chip away our territories.
Our enemies will be destroyed.
Our enemies will die.
Our enemies will rejoice the moment we fall, idiot!
Our enemies will vanish like dew in the sun.
Our enemy is on the other side of this hill.
Our enemy now is doing the same thing.
Our energy bills are extremely high.
Our engagement was a mistake.
Our engine is efficient and produces much less CO2.
Our engineers compared this information with similar products being sold in Japan and concluded that they might compete very well.
Our engineers create tailor-made solutions for our clients.
Our enterprise is in danger. In recent years, we have only had losses.
Our entire department was crowded around the TV in the lunch room.
Our entire family is here.
Our entire much-praised technological progress, and civilization generally, could be compared to an axe in the hand of a pathological criminal.
Our entrance examination was near at hand.
Our equipment is outdated.
Our equipment is very cumbersome.
Our equipment should be arriving soon.
Our equipment was destroyed.
Our escape was a true miracle.
Our escape was nothing short of a miracle.
Our estimate did not include food and entertainment expense.
Our evening meal is cooked.
Our event has roughly fifty participants.
Our evidence is no more than a tiny sliver of solid knowledge amidst the vast bog of doubts and speculations.
Our exchange students are leaving Japan next week.
Our exhibitions are always produced with trilingual labels.
Our existence is a miracle in itself.
Our existence is circumscribed by a beginning and an end.
Our existence is dominated by fear.
Our existence is very improbable.
Our exit is blocked.
Our expectations are far off.
Our expectations are high.
Our expectations were too high.
Our experienced travel consultants can help you to trawl through the best deals around.
Our experiences left us with everlasting scars in our souls.
Our experiences make us smart.
Our experiences make us who we are.
Our experiment has revealed that his report was inaccurate.
Our experiment has revealed that his report was unreliable.
Our experiment was successful.
Our experiment went wrong last week.
Our experimental results left something to be desired.
Our eyes and ears are open, that's for sure.
Our eyes are opened to see other colors than purple and gold, our ears to hear understandingly other sounds than the roar of traffic, the shriek of an automobile horn, or syncopated music.
Our eyes can detect light.
Our eyes can't see infrared light.
Our eyes gazed up towards the blazing fireworks.
Our eyes have the ability to adapt to different levels of light, allowing us to see in both bright and dim environments.
Our eyes looked at each other longingly.
Our eyes may bulge, our arms may flail but that does not necessarily mean that there is any greater lack of freedom here than there is anywhere else.
Our eyes met for a moment.
Our eyes met for an instant.
Our eyes met just fleetingly.
Our eyes met.
Our eyes need time to adjust to the darkness.
Our eyes sense light.
Our eyes should meet when we shake hands with each other.
Our eyes should meet when we shake hands.
Our eyes take time to adjust to the dark.
Our eyes take time to adjust to the darkness.
Our eyes were bigger than our stomach.
Our eyes, our ears, our sense of smell, our taste create as many truths as there are men on earth.
Our face isn't perfectly symmetrical.
Our factories are operating in perfect condition.
Our factories are working at full capacity.
Our factories are working perfectly.
Our factory caught fire.
Our factory has been shut down.
Our factory is building a new chimney.
Our factory is on fire.
Our factory needs a lot of machinery.
Our factory was burnt down.
Our factory was shut down.
Our failure was due to a lack of preparation.
Our failures guide us to better choices.
Our faith in victory is increasing.
Our faith is very strong.
Our faith never wavered.
Our faith will sustain us.
Our faithful servant died in the hospital.
Our families are expecting us.
Our families are friends.
Our families are our strength.
Our families are really close.
Our families are really very similar.
Our families are very close.
Our families hate each other.
Our families have been close for a long time.
Our families were very close.
Our family always celebrates Christmas together.
Our family always eats dinner together.
Our family always eats supper together.
Our family budget is in the red.
Our family consists of five members.
Our family didn't have a dog when I was growing up.
Our family doctor is a Canadian.
Our family doctor is a Muslim.
Our family doctor is friendly and efficient.
Our family doesn't celebrate Christmas.
Our family extends our best wishes to you and yours.
Our family extends our warmest wishes to you and yours.
Our family gets together every Christmas.
Our family goes to church on Sunday.
Our family has Spanish roots.
Our family has always lived here.
Our family has done many things.
Our family has lived here for generations.
Our family has some distinguished ancestors.
Our family honor is at stake.
Our family honour is at stake.
Our family is big.
Our family is eating dinner now.
Our family is falling apart.
Our family is getting bigger.
Our family is our treasure.
Our family is really close.
Our family is very happy.
Our family is very large.
Our family is very poor.
Our family name will be ruined if Tom is convicted.
Our family opens gifts on Christmas Eve.
Our family reunion was in Boston.
Our family sends our best wishes to you and yours.
Our family sends our warmest wishes to you and yours.
Our family usually has turkey for Christmas.
Our family usually has turkey for Thanksgiving.
Our family was well-to-do by Soviet standards.
Our fanbase is growing.
Our fans deserve our best.
Our fans were absolutely crazy.
Our farm is located in rural Nebraska.
Our farm is small.
Our farm isn't far away from here.
Our fate depends on your decisions.
Our fate has been sealed.
Our fate is decided.
Our fate is in your hands.
Our fate is predestined.
Our fate is sealed now.
Our fate is sealed.
Our fate lies in your hands.
Our fate rests in your hands.
Our fate was decided long ago.
Our fate was sealed.
Our fates are already decided.
Our fates are intertwined.
Our fates are interwoven.
Our fates are linked.
Our fates are sealed.
Our father died of old age.
Our father goes to work by car.
Our father has a lot of books.
Our father in heaven, hallowed be your name. Thy kingdom come, on earth as in heaven. Gives us our daily bread. Forgive us of our sin, as we forgive those who sin against us. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For the kingdom, the power and the glory are yours. Now and forever. Amen.
Our father is fifty years old.
Our father is the one who takes care of us.
Our father likes to play tennis.
Our father sees the money.
Our father speaks English very well.
Our father used to read us happy stories when we were small.
Our father works in Algiers.
Our father, you see; he's a person who only thinks about work all the time.
Our fathers are best friends.
Our fathers are brothers.
Our fathers are friends.
Our fathers got along very well.
Our fathers hate each other.
Our fathers kept us apart.
Our fathers like each other.
Our fathers used to work together.
Our fathers used to work with each other.
Our fathers were a lot alike.
Our fathers were good friends.
Our favorite actress is Jessica Alba.
Our favorite board game is "Ticket to Ride".
Our favorite board game is Ticket to Ride.
Our favorite place to eat is that small restaurant on the corner.
Our favorite team lost yesterday.
Our fears are justified.
Our fears have been allayed.
Our fears of another outbreak of the disease were confirmed when we smelled the stench of bodies piled up by the roadside.
Our feckless opposition party didn't do enough to stop him.
Our fee is nonnegotiable.
Our feelings can't be played with like that.
Our feelings slowly grew apart.
Our feelings towards him are mixed.
Our feelings were hurt.
Our fees have gone up.
Our fence is made of iron.
Our feud is over.
Our feud traces back to our childhood.
Our field was devoured by fire.
Our fighters averaged 430 missions a day.
Our film has Punjabi actors, a Marathi writer, a Telugu director, and a Bengali composer.
Our final contestant is Tom Jackson.
Our final destination is the Algiers Port.
Our final test will be next Monday.
Our finals are next week.
Our finances are depleted.
Our finances are fine.
Our financial problems are serious.
Our fire alarm sometimes goes off when my mother is cooking something in the kitchen.
Our firm is a giant one, and there are some rules and regulations, which should be revised or rescinded to reduce red tape and increase efficiency.
Our firm is on the verge of bankruptcy, I'm ashamed to say.
Our firm is on the verge of bankruptcy, I’m ashamed to say.
Our firm is very small.
Our first bus goes an hour in the opposite direction to connect to our second.
Our first child was born in 2006.
Our first child was born in 2013.
Our first class is math.
Our first date was kind of awkward. I was really nervous.
Our first encounter took place in Paris.
Our first encounter with this species was on June 8, 1926, when Wright found a bob-tailed young hawk owl sitting unconcernedly on the ground in the middle of the road.
Our first impression might be wrong.
Our first lesson is Maths.
Our first lesson is math.
Our first lesson today is English
Our first lesson today is English.
Our first meeting will be tomorrow.
Our first proposal was turned down.
Our first winter in Algeria is approaching.
Our first-period teacher handed back our test papers today.
Our flag is blue and white.
Our flag is red and black.
Our flat has five rooms.
Our flat is cold because the heating is insufficient.
Our flat is furnished spartanly.
Our flat is on the second floor.
Our flat is spartanly furnished.
Our flat's not very big.
Our flat's windows look out on to the courtyard.
Our flight arrived one hour late.
Our flight got canceled.
Our flight has been announced.
Our flight has been canceled.
Our flight has been cancelled.
Our flight has been delayed again.
Our flight has been delayed.
Our flight has just been canceled.
Our flight included a short stopover in Istanbul.
Our flight is delayed.
Our flight is in an hour.
Our flight leaves at 2:30.
Our flight to Rome was one of only a handful that had not been cancelled.
Our flight was canceled.
Our flight was cancelled.
Our flight was rerouted.
Our floors are made from reinforced concrete. It makes the house very solid.
Our flying time tonight will be just under 6 hours, but I'll see if I can speed things up a bit.
Our focus is on efficiency.
Our focus is on health.
Our focus is on safety.
Our folk hold that a warrior should need naught but his weapons, and that mail or shield are but cowardly devices.
Our food is better than theirs.
Our food is cheap.
Our food is getting cold.
Our food ran out.
Our food supplies are running low.
Our food supplies will last till April.
Our food supply is running low.
Our food supply is running out.
Our food supply will last till October.
Our football match will be postponed.
Our football team beats all the others in town.
Our football team defeated all the other teams in the city.
Our football team defended well.
Our football team has a good defence.
Our football team has a good defense.
Our football team has gone undefeated for years because it doesn't exist.
Our football team has gone undefeated for years because it doesn’t exist.
Our forces occupied the city.
Our forefathers would not have given the name of Senate to our supreme council if they did not see in the elders the virtues of prudence, common sense and reason.
Our forests deserve our protection.
Our forests must be protected.
Our form teacher Mr Tanaka got married.
Our form teacher Ms Tanaka got married.
Our former home was in Sweden.
Our fossil-fuel based industrial civilization will eventually collapse.
Our freedom is balanced by the needs of others.
Our freedom to choose isn't absolute.
Our freedoms are being limited.
Our fridge broke.
Our fridge doesn't work anymore.
Our fridge doesn't work.
Our fridge is broken.
Our fridge is empty.
Our fridge is in the living room.
Our fridge is on the blink.
Our fridge isn't working.
Our friend Peter has gone mad.
Our friend finished the race in second place.
Our friend lost her mother.
Our friend lost her mum.
Our friend lost his mother.
Our friend lost their mother.
Our friend traveled to a small city last weekend.
Our friends are anxious to return to Chicago.
Our friends are coming to China with us.
Our friends are coming.
Our friends are counting on us.
Our friends are in there.
Our friends are in trouble.
Our friends are inside already.
Our friends are now in Boston.
Our friends are the best.
Our friends had already secured a first-class carriage and were waiting for us upon the platform.
Our friends have turned their backs on us.
Our friends hoped that we would help them.
Our friends took a walk in the park.
Our friends used to send us letters.
Our friends were evacuated from their farm because of the bushfires in their area.
Our friends were returning home by car, and we were returning home on foot.
Our friends will be going back to their hotel soon. We should get going, so we can visit them.
Our friendship did not last.
Our friendship died.
Our friendship goes way back.
Our friendship has nothing to do with whether he's cool or not.
Our friendship is beyond those little misunderstandings.
Our friendship is firm.
Our friendship is greater than our quarrels.
Our friendship is over right now.
Our friendship is over.
Our friendship is the most beautiful thing in my life.
Our friendship is very important to me.
Our friendship never wavered.
Our friendship remained firm.
Our friendship was put to the test.
Our friendship will last a long time.
Our friendship will last forever.
Our fucking useless cops finally came.
Our funding has been cut.
Our funds are exhausted.
Our future depends on it.
Our future depends on the goodwill of a small elite.
Our future is at stake.
Our future is bright.
Our future is in our hands.
Our future is in your hands.
Our future is uncertain.
Our future looks bleak.
Our future looks bright.
Our future will be full of difficulties because of lack of funds.
Our galaxy is called the Milky Way.
Our galaxy is the Milky Way.
Our galaxy, the Milky Way, apparently contains dark matter.
Our gamble paid off.
Our garage is a mess.
Our garage is messy.
Our garbage is collected three times a week.
Our garden doesn't get any direct sunlight until the afternoon.
Our garden has two cherry trees.
Our garden is big and has a lot of flowers.
Our garden is full of colorful flowers.
Our garden is in a sheltered spot.
Our garden produced an abundance of cabbages last year.
Our garden was full of weeds.
Our gardener Tom and the charwoman Mary will get married in May.
Our gate squeaks whenever someone opens it.
Our gates are open.
Our generation has seen a lot of changes.
Our generator has just quit working.
Our genetic material is being constantly invaded by small egocentric molecular parasites.
Our genetics define our appearances and traits. Our experiences define who we are.
Our geography teacher always enters the classroom with a map and a pointer.
Our geography teacher placed great emphasis on reading maps.
Our girlfriend traveled to a small town last week.
Our glass is always half empty, and the American's is always half full.
Our global climate is changing.
Our glory will be eternal.
Our goal is different.
Our goal is justice.
Our goal is primarily educational.
Our goal is the complete understanding of the events around us and our existence.
Our goal is the realization of modern principles of pedagogy.
Our goal is to build thirty houses before the end of the year.
Our goal is to completely kill the planet and 99% of bacteria on it for the lowest price.
Our goal is to consistently increase the number of Soviet republics.
Our goal is to continue to get better.
Our goal is to find a cure for cancer.
Our goal is to get better.
Our goal is to help people understand these issues.
Our goal is to help you get the work done on time.
Our goal is to own a home before we are thirty.
Our goal is to win a championship.
Our goal is to win a gold medal.
Our goal is to win the tournament this year.
Our goal is to win.
Our goal isn't to make money.
Our goals are clear; our objectives have been determined. Let's get to work, comrades!
Our goals are different.
Our goals are important.
Our goals are now the same.
Our goals are still the same.
Our goals are the same.
Our goals are very different.
Our goat gave birth to a litter of three kids.
Our goat had a litter of three kids.
Our god demands a sacrifice.
Our god demands blood.
Our gods are dead.
Our goose is cooked.
Our government doesn't care about us.
Our government doesn't give a damn about us.
Our government doesn't give a fuck about us.
Our government doesn't give a shit about us.
Our government has zero tolerance policy against corruption.
Our government is not interested in us.
Our government needs people like you.
Our government used foreign nations as testing labs for its new biological weapon.
Our governments belong to us, not us to them.
Our governments have become space aliens living among a human population.
Our governor is tough but fair.
Our grandchildren will be thrilled.
Our grandchildren will love it.
Our granddaughter was born two days ago.
Our grandfather is Italian but for the last four years, he has been living in America.
Our grandfather is ill.
Our grandfather is ninety years old.
Our grandfather learned five languages ​when he was growing up.
Our grandfather learned five languages ​​as a child.
Our grandma had a recipe for the perfect meatball.
Our grandmother died many years ago.
Our grandmother has many dogs.
Our grandparents are watching television.
Our grandparents raised us.
Our grandparents would come to see us on the weekends.
Our granny is an expert at pickling foods.
Our great country is unmatched in the world.
Our great democracies still tend to think that a stupid man is more likely to be honest than a clever man, and our politicians take advantage of this prejudice by pretending to be even more stupid than nature made them.
Our great-aunt gave us each a piece of strudel.
Our great-great-grandmother died the day after my elder sister was born.
Our greatest enemies are no other than ourselves.
Our greatest fears are the dragons that keep our deepest treasures.
Our greatest weakness is our ego.
Our grief was overwhelming.
Our grocery bill soared last month because of higher vegetable prices.
Our group can't compete with an orchestra of that size.
Our group chat is filled with memes.
Our group consisted of five persons.
Our group doesn't meet in October.
Our group has 5 people.
Our group is a five person group.
Our group meets in the basement of our church every Monday evening.
Our group meets three times a year.
Our group needs a leader.
Our group played guitars while the others randomly hit resonant objects.
Our guess was correct.
Our guess was wrong.
Our guesses were correct.
Our guesses were wrong.
Our guest house is nearby.
Our guest is waiting for us downstairs.
Our guest list is growing.
Our guest needs no introduction.
Our guest tonight is from Boston.
Our guests are about to arrive.
Our guests are almost here.
Our guests are arriving.
Our guests are due any minute.
Our guests are going to be here any minute.
Our guests are in a hurry.
Our guests have arrived.
Our guests have just arrived.
Our guests should be here within an hour.
Our guests were interesting.
Our guests will arrive in a few minutes.
Our guests will be arriving soon.
Our guests will be here soon.
Our guests will be leaving shortly.
Our guide knows the history of all these places.
Our guide misinformed us about the location of the hotel.
Our guide showed us all the interesting aspects of Chartres.
Our guide spoke perfect Berber.
Our guide was Tom.
Our guiding principle has to be tolerance!
Our guys are getting into position.
Our gym teacher was a bulbous man.
Our hamburgers are the best in town.
Our hamster was eaten by our cat.
Our hands appear to be tied.
Our hands are tied now.
Our hands are tied.
Our hands fell.
Our hands were tied.
Our hands, whether we make them work or spare them, will return to dust.
Our happiness depends on that.
Our happiness is simply a fleeting sample of the natural state of eternal Being.
Our happy moments have roots; we don't easily forget them.
Our hard work has paid off.
Our hard work is paying off.
Our hard work paid off.
Our head office is in Boston.
Our head office is located in Boston.
Our headquarters are in Australia.
Our headquarters are in Boston.
Our headquarters are located in Boston.
Our headquarters are located in another part of town.
Our headquarters will open tomorrow.
Our headquarters will remain in Boston.
Our health is our most precious possession.
Our health is very good.
Our health is very important.
Our heart always tells us what to do and what to avoid.
Our heart beats in our throat.
Our hearts and minds are with those who lost their lands and houses in the West Bank.
Our hearts are broken, our spirit is not.
Our hearts are eating us.
Our hearts are filled with happiness.
Our hearts are filled with joy.
Our hearts are filled with sorrow.
Our hearts are full of anger.
Our hearts are full of happiness.
Our hearts are full of sadness.
Our hearts are heavy with sorrow.
Our hearts are linked.
Our hearts go out to all in distress this night.
Our hearts go out to them.
Our hearts have not consumed us.
Our hearts have not devoured us.
Our hearts were broken.
Our hearts were filled with sorrow.
Our hearts were full of sorrow.
Our hearts were in our mouths.
Our hearts will be together for ever.
Our heater is broken.
Our heating bills are very high.
Our heliosphere repels charged particles, which are guided by magnetic fields.
Our help won't be needed.
Our help won't cost you anything.
Our hen didn't lay anything this day.
Our hen didn't lay today.
Our hens laid a lot of eggs yesterday.
Our hens lay a lot of eggs.
Our hero claims a warrior's heart.
Our high school decides to adopt a new teaching method.
Our high school has decided to adopt a new teaching method.
Our highest assurance of the goodness of Providence seems to me to rest in the flowers. All other things, our powers, our desires, our food, are all really necessary for our existence in the first instance. But this rose is an extra. Its smell and its colour are an embellishment of life, not a condition of it.
Our highest priority is safety.
Our history teacher has the quiet wisdom of an owl.
Our holiday plans are still in the air.
Our holiday plans are still up in the air.
Our holiday was so much fun that we decided to stay for another week.
Our holidays are pretty traditional.
Our holy book is the Quran.
Our home in Paris is also a small Bangladesh.
Our home internet connections these days allow high-definition videos, shows, and content to reach our screens almost instantaneously.
Our home is a condominium.
Our home is empty.
Our home is here.
Our home is situated in the heart of the woods.
Our home's entrance remains constantly unlocked.
Our homeland is wherever we live.
Our homes have been destroyed.
Our homes were destroyed.
Our honeymoon has just begun.
Our hope is distant.
Our hope is that someday we'll be able to do that.
Our hope is that this program will continue.
Our hopes got crushed.
Our hopes were dashed.
Our horse is going to win.
Our horse is losing.
Our horses are tired.
Our host came to welcome us.
Our host offered us a drink.
Our host opened a drawer, and a small box full of black powder was revealed.
Our hostel is an ideal base for walks and excursions.
Our hot-air balloon rose into the sky.
Our hotel accommodates 2000 guests.
Our hotel faces the beach.
Our hotel faces the coast.
Our hotel faces the ocean.
Our hotel has a pool.
Our hotel has an elevator.
Our hotel is close to the South Bus Station.
Our hotel is close to the train station.
Our hotel is in the next street.
Our hotel is on the next street.
Our house adjoins his.
Our house burned down.
Our house burned to the ground.
Our house caught fire.
Our house caught on fire.
Our house centipede has gotten freakishly large.
Our house collapsed.
Our house commands a beautiful view.
Our house doesn't have a guest room.
Our house doesn't have a porch.
Our house faces the beach.
Our house got broken into.
Our house has a front garden.
Our house has a mouse problem.
Our house has a pool.
Our house has a termite problem.
Our house has already burned down twice.
Our house has been broken into.
Our house has black mold growing in it.
Our house has recently been renovated, I'll let you be the judge of that and if you have any comment to make on how we can make our house look even prettier, just say it.
Our house has scaffolding around it this week, due to renovations.
Our house has seven rooms including the dining room.
Our house has ten rooms, one of which is the kitchen.
Our house has three bathrooms.
Our house has three bedrooms.
Our house has two bedrooms.
Our house hasn't long been renovated; we've been living here for less than a year.
Our house in the outskirts of Quezon City stood in a red savannah. When it was dry weather, often red dust devils would sweep the grounds. Sometimes, they could be as big as a house. I sometimes ventured to stand in the middle of a red dust devil, as I felt the swirling air.
Our house in the red savannah outskirts of Quezon City stood by a cliff. Near that cliff was a bushy area, which the maids cut back with machetes. There were intriguing vines with spade-shaped purple leaves. They might have been tuber plants.
Our house is a beautiful, blue balloon.
Our house is a historic building and is listed as a protected monument.
Our house is a mess.
Our house is a wreck.
Our house is a yellow submarine.
Our house is about two hour's drive from Alicante airport, so it is well connected. No one speaks English there, but we are learning the language fast and everyone is so friendly to us.
Our house is almost finished.
Our house is at the point where the street bends right.
Our house is at the very top of the hill.
Our house is being repainted.
Our house is blue.
Our house is burning and we look elsewhere.
Our house is clean.
Our house is conveniently located.
Our house is empty.
Our house is in Ilam.
Our house is in a convenient location.
Our house is in front of the train station.
Our house is large enough for five of us.
Our house is large enough for the five of us.
Our house is located in the forest.
Our house is located near the center.
Our house is made up of seven rooms, one of which is a kitchen.
Our house is messed up.
Our house is nice, but I still miss the old one.
Our house is not insulated.
Our house is on fire!
Our house is on fire.
Our house is quite satisfactory except that it is rather a long way to the bus stop.
Our house is quite small with no extra bedrooms.
Our house is small.
Our house is the only in the area with a slate roof.
Our house is the only one in this area that survived the earthquake.
Our house is the only one round here with a slate roof.
Our house is up for sale.
Our house is very close to theirs.
Our house is very small.
Our house is your house.
Our house is yours.
Our house isn't big.
Our house isn't far from here.
Our house isn't insulated.
Our house on the outskirts of Quezon City stood in a red savannah. During a typhoon, violent rain carved the red soil like "Grand Canyon" sculptures.
Our house overlooks the river.
Our house seemed bigger to me when I was a kid than it does now.
Our house stands by the road.
Our house started to shake.
Our house was a yellow submarine.
Our house was broken into by burglars last night.
Our house was broken into last night.
Our house was broken into last summer.
Our house was broken into last week, but it seems nothing was taken.
Our house was built in 2013.
Our house was burglarized last week.
Our house was entirely rebuilt.
Our house was high up so I grew up overlooking the sea.
Our house was painted last month.
Our house was robbed while we were away.
Our house was robbed.
Our house was struck by lightning. Fortunately we have a lightning rod.
Our house will be demolished in two or three days.
Our house's roof is on fire!
Our house, our rules.
Our household expense got into the red last month.
Our housekeeper doesn't speak English.
Our housekeeper stole from us.
Our hubcaps were stolen.
Our hunting dog took off after a big deer.
Our husbands are Canadians.
Our husbands are Polish.
Our hypothesis is based on solid experiments.
Our hypothesis is based on thorough experiments.
Our ice cream sales are still good.
Our idea did not work in practice.
Our ideas do not match.
Our illustrious leader wrote those words before he rose to power.
Our image is always flawless for an old friend.
Our imagination lets us travel around space.
Our imaginations can play tricks on us.
Our imam has a good reputation.
Our imam is Algerian.
Our imam is a nice guy.
Our imam is really talkative and kind.
Our imam is very old.
Our immigration enforcement agencies have limited resources, and it makes sense to focus those resources on those who come illegally to this country to do us harm.
Our inability to talk has prevented us from addressing important matters.
Our income is small, but we get by.
Our income tripled in the last decade.
Our influence has diminished enormously.
Our informant has been killed.
Our informant was mistaken.
Our information is reliable.
Our information technology is moving Bangladesh forward every day.
Our infrastructure is crumbling.
Our initial assumptions were wrong.
Our inspection is done.
Our instincts were good.
Our institute is testing new therapeutic methods.
Our insurance policy covers various kinds of damages.
Our integration with Europe has failed.
Our intelligence budget is higher than their entire GDP.
Our interest converges on that point.
Our interests are identical.
Our interests are similar.
Our interests clash with theirs.
Our interests conflict with theirs.
Our interests seem to conflict with each other.
Our international order has been so successful that we take it as a given that great powers no longer fight world wars; that the end of the Cold War lifted the shadow of nuclear Armageddon; that the battlefields of Europe have been replaced by peaceful union; that China and India remain on a path of remarkable growth.
Our international sales continue to grow, bringing the name of Toyo Computer into businesses world-wide.
Our international sales continue to grow, bringing the name of Toyo Computer to businesses worldwide.
Our intimacy deepens our love.
Our inventory is very limited.
Our investigation is ongoing.
Our investigation isn't complete yet.
Our job has just begun.
Our job here is done.
Our job is done here.
Our job is to find out who they are.
Our job is to find the bomb and defuse it.
Our job is to follow orders.
Our job is to look at the evidence.
Our job is to protect our children.
Our job is to protect you.
Our job is to save lives.
Our jobs are a lot alike.
Our jobs are difficult.
Our jobs are going overseas to China.
Our jobs are hard.
Our jobs are similar.
Our jobs are very similar.
Our journalists were attacked.
Our journey by camel was quite an experience.
Our journey has just started.
Our journey is ending in Algeria.
Our journey is finally over.
Our journey is just beginning.
Our journey is over.
Our journey together is special; I don’t want it to end.
Our journey was quiet, without any disturbance.
Our journey was risky.
Our journey will be long.
Our jurisdiction doesn't reach there.
Our kid can't even crawl yet.
Our kid is learning to speak.
Our kids are all tucked in. Now we can kick back and relax.
Our kids are fat.
Our kids are fighting.
Our kids are friends.
Our kids are good kids.
Our kids are in trouble.
Our kids are our future, even after we're no longer around, and so it goes on...
Our kids are still in Boston.
Our kids are the same age.
Our kids are waiting for us.
Our kids deserve better.
Our kids hate us.
Our kids need something to do.
Our kids spend too much time indoors.
Our kids were devastated.
Our king has come back! Our king has returned to us.
Our kings admire their subjects.
Our kings love their subjects.
Our knowledge on the problem is rather limited.
Our lab runs on a shoestring.
Our lack of communication has driven us further away.
Our ladder is broken in two.
Our ladder is broken.
Our land abounds in nature’s gifts, Of beauty rich and rare; In history’s page let every stage, Advance Australia Fair!
Our land burned.
Our land didn't burn.
Our land gave a high yield this year.
Our land is being taken over.
Our land was ravaged by the fire.
Our land, our land, our fatherland, sound loud, o name of worth! No mount that meets the heaven’s band, no hidden vale, no wave-washed strand, is loved, as is our native North, is loved, as is our native North.
Our landing is ten metres long and two-and-a-half metres wide, with four doors leading off it on both the left side and the right.
Our landings in the Cherbourg-Havre area have failed to gain a satisfactory foothold and I have withdrawn the troops.
Our landlady has lowered the rent.
Our landlady is a real battle-axe!
Our landlord didn't want to return our security deposit.
Our landlord has lowered the rent.
Our landlord kicked us out.
Our landlord was very nice.
Our landlord won't do anything about the roaches.
Our landlord won't do anything about the water.
Our landlord's name is Tom.
Our lands were left fallow.
Our language has a few sounds that aren't found in one or another of the most important European languages (for example "ĵ," "ĝ," etc.).
Our language is Berber and Kabyle is just a dialect of the Berber language.
Our language is Berber.
Our language is an important part of our cultural identity.
Our language is being invaded by foreign words.
Our lantern went out.
Our lanterns went out.
Our larder is bare.
Our larder is completely empty.
Our last air raid completely destroyed the enemy's already-crippled air defences.
Our last guest is leaving.
Our last job wasn't an easy one.
Our last meeting was very short.
Our last meeting with Tom was very frustrating. Tom threatened to fire us all.
Our last name is French.
Our last name is Jackson.
Our last severe earthquake was in 2013.
Our last stop was at Tom's place.
Our latest results are the fruit of his furious efforts.
Our laughter has been replaced by silence.
Our laws are very strict.
Our laws have been violated.
Our lawyer drew up a contract for us to sign.
Our lawyers will deal with it.
Our leader has many virtues.
Our leader will know what to do.
Our lease expires in October.
Our lease runs out in October.
Our lecture theater's data projector is broken, so the lecturer has to write on the blackboard.
Our legal experts are standing by to answer all your questions.
Our legs touched under the table.
Our legs touched.
Our lessons start at 7.15.
Our letters crossed each other.
Our letters probably crossed in the mail.
Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost.
Our library got some new books in.
Our library is on the second floor.
Our library is on the third floor.
Our license expired the week before last.
Our life absolutely changed in Boston.
Our life becomes meaningless.
Our life depends largely on oil imported from other countries.
Our life does not have any meaning.
Our life has changed.
Our life is at stake.
Our life is filled with fear.
Our life is full of myths, illusions, and paradoxes.
Our life is here in Boston.
Our life is like a notebook of which pages are covered with all the moments, both the goods and bads, the ups and downs.
Our life is like a sumo bout.
Our life on this planet is so fragile.
Our lifestyle is modern but oriented to Islamic traditional values.
Our light went out.
Our limousine is waiting.
Our lips almost touched.
Our lips barely met.
Our lips get chapped in winter.
Our lips remained sealed.
Our lips were pressed together.
Our little boy is growing up.
Our little children were taken care of by the babysitter.
Our little girl can already walk!
Our little girl can't fall asleep without a fairy tale.
Our little girl has grown up.
Our little girl is growing up.
Our little shop depends on passing trade.
Our little son is a right fidget.
Our little town is very old.
Our livelihood depends on this lake.
Our livelihood depends on this river.
Our lives are about to change.
Our lives are an ongoing process.
Our lives are at stake.
Our lives are changing.
Our lives are complicated.
Our lives are constantly in danger.
Our lives are determined by our environment.
Our lives are different from yours.
Our lives are different now.
Our lives are different.
Our lives are getting better.
Our lives are good.
Our lives are in God's hands.
Our lives are in danger now.
Our lives are in danger.
Our lives are in grave danger.
Our lives are in your hands.
Our lives are intertwined.
Our lives are totally different.
Our lives are very different.
Our lives become beautiful not because we are perfect. Our lives become beautiful because we put our heart in what we are doing.
Our lives changed.
Our lives could be in danger.
Our lives have become better.
Our lives have been changed.
Our lives have been good here.
Our lives have been like movies.
Our lives have changed a lot.
Our lives have changed for ever.
Our lives have changed.
Our lives today are full of challenges.
Our lives took different paths after university.
Our lives were also in danger.
Our lives were changed forever.
Our lives were in danger.
Our lives will change.
Our lives will never be the same.
Our lives.
Our living room gets lots of sunlight.
Our living room has a panoramic window.
Our living room is a mess.
Our living room is lovely and sunny.
Our living room is sunny.
Our loan is approved.
Our local TV station does a pretty good job of covering local news.
Our local library might have to close.
Our local wine is pretty good.
Our long vacation has passed all too soon.
Our losses are greater than those of the jackal.
Our lounge is lovely and sunny.
Our love affair was as short-lived as a soap bubble.
Our love affair was as short-lived as a soap-bubble.
Our love has no borders.
Our love has no limits.
Our love is forbidden.
Our love is forever.
Our love is mutual.
Our love is special.
Our love isn't real!
Our love story belongs only to us.
Our love story is richer than any material wealth.
Our love will burn forever.
Our love will last forever.
Our love will never die.
Our luck has already changed.
Our luck has finally changed.
Our luck is about to change.
Our luck is changing.
Our luck is going to change.
Our luck just changed.
Our luck will eventually change.
Our luggage has arrived.
Our luggage is outside.
Our luggage rack is too small.
Our luggage was stolen.
Our luggage went to the wrong city.
Our lunch break's over.
Our lunch is meatless; it's vegetarian.
Our magazine need better writers.
Our magazine's readership numbers in the thousands.
Our maid quit.
Our main branch is in Boston.
Our main campus is downtown.
Our main concern is with the safety of the hostages.
Our main concern was secrecy.
Our main office is in Australia.
Our main office is in Boston.
Our main office is in Osaka.
Our main office is located in Boston.
Our main problem is money.
Our main problem is the lack of money.
Our main problem remains unsolved.
Our main problem was a lack of money.
Our manager agreed to let us work from home indefinitely with the proviso that we attend monthly meetings in person.
Our manager argues that the term "selfie" is an anglicism and recommends using "égoportrait" in our French edition.
Our manager is Tom Jackson.
Our manager is a Canadian.
Our manager is really great.
Our manager would always speak to us in fables.
Our manager's name is Tom Jackson.
Our managing director is incompatible with the president.
Our manufacturing plant uses precision instruments to make the best quality products.
Our marriage counselor told us that we needed to spend more quality time together.
Our marriage had very few fights.
Our marriage has become meaningless.
Our marriage has come to an end.
Our marriage has lost all meaning.
Our marriage is complicated.
Our marriage is falling apart.
Our marriage is in trouble.
Our marriage is on the rocks.
Our marriage is over.
Our marriage no longer serves any purpose.
Our marriage turned out to be a colossal flop.
Our marriage ultimately proved to be a complete disaster.
Our marriage was a big mistake.
Our marriage was an awful mistake.
Our marriage was arranged.
Our marriage wouldn't work.
Our master bedroom is upstairs.
Our master is wise.
Our master makes a mean egg salad sandwich.
Our maternal grandfather doesn’t like coffee.
Our math teacher drew a circle on the blackboard.
Our math teacher sucks.
Our mathematics teacher won't give us a test tomorrow.
Our mathematics teacher won’t give us a test tomorrow.
Our mayor is a good and wise man.
Our meal was delicious.
Our meal will be good.
Our means are limited.
Our medical supplies are exhausted.
Our medical supplies are running low.
Our meeting has been canceled.
Our meeting is a pleasure.
Our meeting is like the meeting of the seagulls and the waves. The seagulls fly away, the waves roll on, and we each go our own way.
Our meeting is over.
Our meeting just ended.
Our meeting like that is probably the kind of thing that only happens once.
Our meeting ran late.
Our meeting rarely starts on time.
Our meeting room has no windows.
Our meeting room is dirty. It's a shame.
Our meeting was cut short.
Our meeting was just an accident.
Our meeting was purely accidental.
Our meeting was quite accidental.
Our meeting was short and useful.
Our meeting will be postponed for one week.
Our meetings almost never start on time.
Our meetings hardly ever start on time.
Our meetings rarely start on time.
Our meetings seldom begin on time.
Our membership is down.
Our membership is very exclusive.
Our memories are stored in the temporal-lobe of the brain.
Our memory is like a sieve, as we forget almost half of what we have learned within the first twenty minutes.
Our men are already in position.
Our menu changes monthly.
Our message has been delivered.
Our metal is even thinner than that.
Our method is better.
Our method is experimental.
Our method is simple.
Our method is working.
Our method worked.
Our midterms start tomorrow.
Our military is led by a turncoat who cannot be trusted.
Our milk speaks Piedmontese.
Our minds transform experiences into symbols.
Our minister is a vegetarian and an atheist.
Our mission could be dangerous.
Our mission has been accomplished.
Our mission has changed.
Our mission has failed.
Our mission has just changed.
Our mission is a dangerous one.
Our mission is almost complete.
Our mission is to boldly go where no woman has gone before.
Our mission is to protect people.
Our mission is to redefine what it means to write mission statements.
Our mission is to rescue hostages.
Our mission is very clear. We must establish a dialogue where appropriate.
Our mission statement is to shelter the homeless, feed the hungry, and heal the sick.
Our mission was a success.
Our mission was aborted.
Our mission was successful.
Our mission will soon be over.
Our mistakes always come back in our faces.
Our mode of life has changed since the introduction of European civilization.
Our mom died.
Our mom has died.
Our mom is dead.
Our moms are best friends.
Our moms are close.
Our moms are friends.
Our moms are sisters.
Our moms knew each other.
Our moms know each other.
Our moms were friends once.
Our moms were friends.
Our moms were sorority sisters.
Our moms were very close.
Our money has run out.
Our money is gone.
Our money is managed by my wife.
Our money is running out.
Our money ran out.
Our money will be in good hands with Béla.
Our money worries are over.
Our money's being spent.
Our monthly income has to cover food, rent, clothing, transportation, and so on.
Our monthly income will just cover these expenses.
Our monthly revenue is just about enough to cover these expenses.
Our morale is high.
Our morale is low.
Our morale was down.
Our morning's exertions had been too much for my weak health, and I was tired out in the afternoon.
Our mortgage payment is actually less than our rent payment that we were making.
Our mosque doesn't have stairs.
Our mosque has a beautiful crystal chandelier.
Our mosque has a huge parking lot.
Our mosque has a large prayer hall.
Our mosque has a parking lot.
Our mosque has a well.
Our mosque has three storeys.
Our mosque is in the middle of town.
Our mosque is so beautiful.
Our most heartfelt condolences.
Our mother bought a puppy for us.
Our mother bought us a puppy.
Our mother can make delicious fried pancakes with meat.
Our mother died.
Our mother had no choice but to make dinner with leftovers.
Our mother had not prepared food when we arrived from Tizi Ouzou.
Our mother has died.
Our mother is dead.
Our mother is from Osnabrück.
Our mother is the one who looks after the home.
Our mother makes all our beds every day.
Our mother was looking for us.
Our mother was very happy for the visit of her grandson and cooked a substantial meal for the occasion.
Our mother would even give her soul for us.
Our mothers are best friends.
Our mothers are close.
Our mothers are friends.
Our mothers are sisters.
Our mothers are strong women.
Our mothers confronted the tough life with courage.
Our mothers know each other.
Our mothers missed us.
Our mothers need us.
Our mothers used to be friends.
Our mothers were friends once.
Our mothers were friends.
Our mothers were sorority sisters.
Our mothers were very close.
Our motives are pure.
Our mountains aren't really very high. Yours are much bigger.
Our mountains have been trying to tell history to dusty towns for a long time, my friend.
Our mouths were watering.
Our mules are slow.
Our mum died.
Our mum has died.
Our mum is dead.
Our mums are best friends.
Our mums knew each other.
Our mums know each other.
Our mums used to be friends.
Our mums were friends once.
Our mums were friends.
Our museum has a large collection of exhibits of flora and fauna of the sea.
Our museum is among the ten most renowned in the country.
Our music is different.
Our music teacher advised me to visit Vienna.
Our mutual understanding is indispensable.
Our names are similar.
Our names are the same.
Our names sound the same but are spelled differently.
Our names sound the same but are written differently.
Our nannies were friends.
Our nation has poor relations with the orcs.
Our nation is shaped by the constant battle between our better angels and our darkest impulses.
Our nation is very fond of baseball.
Our nation loves all kinds of shit.
Our nation was founded on the principle of federalism, which is why we have many states.
Our national currency is the Algerian dinar.
Our nations share a commitment to peace, prosperity, and mutual respect, and I look forward to continuing to strengthen the bonds of friendship and cooperation between our countries.
Our native language is Japanese.
Our native tongue is Berber.
Our need is great.
Our needs are being met.
Our needs are different.
Our needs are modest.
Our needs are the same.
Our needs have changed.
Our negotiations broke off.
Our negotiations to lower export taxes suffered a big setback.
Our neighbor has bought cheese, onion sausage and rolls for us.
Our neighbor has broken a rib.
Our neighbor has just come back.
Our neighbor has kids.
Our neighbor has one boy and two girls.
Our neighbor has two brown dogs.
Our neighbor is Muslim.
Our neighbor is suffering from a terrible illness.
Our neighbor lent us her fruit picker to pick the apricots.
Our neighbor owns three Porsches, so he's rich.
Our neighbor suffers from a terrible illness.
Our neighbor's ground yields better corn than our own.
Our neighborhood has become ground zero in a gang war.
Our neighborhood has been without power all day.
Our neighborhood has many old buildings.
Our neighborhood has three avenues.
Our neighborhood is changing.
Our neighborhood is quiet in the early afternoon.
Our neighborhood is safe.
Our neighboring countries did not offer any support.
Our neighbors always make a lot of noise.
Our neighbors are always making noise.
Our neighbors are arguing again.
Our neighbors are from Australia.
Our neighbors are good people.
Our neighbors are having a party and have invited us.
Our neighbors are jerks.
Our neighbors are nice people.
Our neighbors are quiet.
Our neighbors are very friendly.
Our neighbors are very nice.
Our neighbors are very noisy.
Our neighbors complained about our dogs barking.
Our neighbors didn't seem to mind all the noise we were making.
Our neighbors hate us.
Our neighbors hated us.
Our neighbors have a dog.
Our neighbors make a lot of noise.
Our neighbors often play loud music at night.
Our neighbors were compelled to sell their houses.
Our neighbors were forced to sell their house.
Our neighbor’s ground yields better corn than our own.
Our neighbour bought himself a charming horse.
Our neighbour has been at the hairdresser’s again.
Our neighbour has just come back.
Our neighbour is a talkative man.
Our neighbour is bald.
Our neighbour is unduly curious, isn't she?
Our neighbour keeps chickens, but they don't cluck much.
Our neighbours always make a lot of noise.
Our neighbours always make a racket.
Our neighbours are a family from South America.
Our neighbours are always making a racket.
Our neighbours are always making noise.
Our neighbours are nice people.
Our neighbours are really loud at night.
Our neighbours are really loud in the evening.
Our neighbours have a dog.
Our neighbours have got a dog.
Our neighbours make a lot of noise.
Our neighbours offered us a puppy.
Our neighbours often play loud music at night.
Our neighbours were forced to sell their house.
Our neighbour’s dogs bit me.
Our nephew is buying apples for us.
Our new English teacher is fresh from college.
Our new French teacher is Mr. Jackson.
Our new TV cost us an arm and a leg.
Our new album is set for release on October 20th.
Our new basketball coach is a nice guy.
Our new car doesn't fit into the garage.
Our new car is not very big.
Our new car isn't very big.
Our new cook is excellent.
Our new cook is very good.
Our new deadline is tomorrow.
Our new head office is in Tokyo.
Our new headquarters are in Boston.
Our new headquarters are in Tokyo.
Our new home has an elevator.
Our new method of doing that is quicker and more efficient.
Our new neighbor is driving me crazy.
Our new neighbor plays the violin.
Our new neighbors are much quieter than our old neighbors were.
Our new neighbors aren't as noisy as our old neighbors were.
Our new neighbour hasn't said a word yet.
Our new neighbour is always there if we need help with anything.
Our new neighbour is always there whenever we need help with anything.
Our new neighbour plays the violin.
Our new neighbour's got a charming personality.
Our new novel will come out next month.
Our new product development efforts must be done from the end user's viewpoint.
Our new product development efforts must be done from the end user’s viewpoint.
Our new product has received a lot of attention from all who have heard about it.
Our new restaurant is scheduled to open in October.
Our new school building is under construction.
Our new serial thriller begins at 7.30 this evening.
Our new store is due to open in October.
Our new store is scheduled to open next month.
Our new store will open in October.
Our new store will open in a few weeks.
Our new teacher comes fresh out of college.
Our new teacher is fresh out of college.
Our new teacher is there.
Our newest brand of coffee has been filtered through a three-step process.
Our newest generation robots are utterly indistinguishable from flesh-and-blood human beings.
Our newest pocket computers are smarter than the people we sell them to.
Our newspaper is a mouthpiece of public opinion.
Our next act needs no introduction.
Our next camp site is in Kabylie, Algeria.
Our next destination is Algeria.
Our next meeting will be held next Monday.
Our next meeting will be held next on October 20th.
Our next meeting will be next Monday.
Our next meeting will be on Monday.
Our next meeting will be the Monday after next.
Our next question comes from Ziri.
Our next song will be in French.
Our next test will be on Monday.
Our next trip is for pleasure, not for work.
Our next video will surely help you with this.
Our next-door neighbor asked us to look after his plants while he was away on vacation.
Our next-door neighbor has been missing for several months now.
Our noses are bleeding.
Our numbers are down.
Our numbers are dwindling.
Our numbers are going up.
Our numbers are increasing.
Our numbers are low.
Our numbers grow stronger by the day.
Our objective is clear.
Our objective is twofold.
Our objective remains the same.
Our objectives remain the same.
Our obligations to our country never cease but with our lives.
Our occasional discussions still occupy my brain.
Our of the corner of his eye, Santiago saw something move.
Our offer still stands if you're interested.
Our offer was accepted.
Our offer was denied.
Our offer was refused with indignation.
Our offer wasn't taken seriously.
Our office Christmas party is tomorrow.
Our office building was damaged in the attack.
Our office helps students with personal problems.
Our office is around the corner.
Our office is located in the center of the town.
Our office is located the center of the city.
Our office is on the 10th floor of Tokyo building.
Our office is on the 10th floor of the Tokyo building.
Our office is on the northern side of the building.
Our office is overworked and understaffed.
Our office is very comfortable with air conditioning.
Our office turned into a war zone.
Our office used to be on Park Street.
Our offices are cleaned every day.
Our offices are closed now.
Our offices are located in the western part Boston.
Our offices get cleaned every day.
Our old Kabyle house is still intact.
Our old chambers had been left unchanged.
Our old house needs a heating system.
Our old postman always used to ring twice, but the new one doesn't ring at all sometimes, instead leaving the parcel with the neighbours so that he can finish work faster.
Our oldest cat turned 18.
Our oldest daughter is thirteen years old.
Our oldest daughter is thirteen.
Our oldest daughter's name is Mary.
Our oldest is a real hothead; if you go against her, she blows her top.
Our oldest son is Tom.
Our oldest son's name is Tom.
Our on-line Customer Service Desk and trained support agents enable problems to be quickly identified and addressed.
Our once-vibrant dialogue has faded to nothing.
Our onions are packaged in red nets.
Our only alternative is to do what Tom suggested.
Our only child is not called Thomas.
Our only daughter died of cancer.
Our only goal is to win.
Our only hope is to escape.
Our only hope now is escape.
Our only option is to attack.
Our only option is to fight.
Our only option is to surrender.
Our only option is to wait.
Our only option was to attack.
Our only option was to fight.
Our only option was to surrender.
Our only option was to wait.
Our only witness is refusing to testify.
Our opinion is an idea which we have; our conviction an idea which has us.
Our opinions are completely different.
Our opinions are quite different.
Our opinions differ considerably.
Our opinions differ on this point.
Our opponents are teachers which cost us nothing.
Our options are limited now.
Our options are limited.
Our options are now limited.
Our options were extremely limited.
Our options were limited.
Our ordeal is finally over.
Our ordeal isn't over.
Our orders are clear.
Our orders are to stand down.
Our orders are to stay here until further notice.
Our orders are to wait.
Our orders have changed.
Our orders were clear.
Our orders were quite specific.
Our orders were taken promptly and accurately.
Our orders were to stay here.
Our orders were to stay put.
Our orders were very clear.
Our organization aims to prevent suicides.
Our organization is a large one.
Our original plan was to do that.
Our original plan was to do things the way Tom suggested.
Our original plan will work.
Our own people are getting killed and we're supposed to remain silent.
Our ownership in the company is 60%.
Our pack is so loaded.
Our paediatrician is ill at the moment.
Our pantry is completely bare.
Our pantry is completely empty.
Our pantry is empty.
Our parents adore her.
Our parents adore us.
Our parents adored me.
Our parents adored you.
Our parents allowed us to stay up until three o'clock.
Our parents allowed us to stay up until three.
Our parents are also Esperanto speakers.
Our parents are carpenters.
Our parents are friends.
Our parents are getting divorced.
Our parents are getting worried.
Our parents are going to start worrying.
Our parents are inside.
Our parents are so proud.
Our parents are still alive.
Our parents are waiting for us.
Our parents are worried.
Our parents bought us a pony.
Our parents encouraged us to speak Berber.
Our parents fought for Algeria's independence.
Our parents fought for the independence of Algeria.
Our parents got divorced.
Our parents helped us buy a new apartment.
Our parents let us stay up until three o'clock.
Our parents let us stay up until three.
Our parents live just across the street.
Our parents live right across the street from us.
Our parents love her.
Our parents love us.
Our parents love you.
Our parents loved us equally.
Our parents need us.
Our parents never punished us.
Our parents should be taken care of.
Our parents tell us to treat people fairly.
Our parents took care of us and now it's our turn to take care of them.
Our parents took care of us and now it’s our turn to take care of them.
Our parents were opposed to our marriage.
Our parents were still young, and we were three siblings: one boy and two girls.
Our parents won't let us meet.
Our park is a very nice place.
Our parking lot is big.
Our parrot can bark.
Our parrot speaks Spanish.
Our partnership actually began sixty years ago.
Our party finally had a candidate we could put forward with pride.
Our party will resist to the bitter end.
Our passports were all we needed.
Our passports were cancelled.
Our path is clear now.
Our path is set.
Our paths are never likely to cross again.
Our paths diverged after school.
Our paths have crossed very often.
Our paths have crossed.
Our paths might cross someday.
Our paths never crossed.
Our paths often cross.
Our paths rarely cross anymore.
Our paths rarely crossed.
Our paths still cross on occasion.
Our paths will cross someday.
Our patience is at an end.
Our patience is in much the same condition as yesterday.
Our patient is in much the same condition as yesterday.
Our patient is regaining consciousness.
Our peace shall stand as firm as rocky mountains.
Our peach tree needs lots of sun and heat.
Our people are disciplined.
Our people are starving.
Our people don't take a taxi to the bakery.
Our people had been so long accustomed to the practice and convenience of having slaves, that very few among them even doubted the propriety and rectitude of it.
Our people know that I have a superior intellect.
Our people thirst for independence.
Our peoples have more in common than can be seen at first sight.
Our perception of beauty has changed over time.
Our performance today will be dedicated to Gaza.
Our performance was a disaster.
Our performance wasn't good enough.
Our personalities are completely different.
Our personalities can change based on which language we switch to, depending on what domain the language is usually used in, among other factors.
Our personnel are very highly educated.
Our pet has run away.
Our pet is missing.
Our phones are being tapped.
Our phones are missing. I'm sure it's your doing.
Our phones were tapped.
Our photograph lost its color.
Our picnic plates are made of plastic.
Our picnic was altogether spoiled by the rain.
Our picnic was ruined by insects.
Our pilaf is four yuan.
Our pizza is the best.
Our place is on fire.
Our place is perfect.
Our place is quiet.
Our place is really nice.
Our place is very small.
Our plan could be ruined.
Our plan depends on that.
Our plan didn't work in practice.
Our plan didn't work.
Our plan didn’t work in practice.
Our plan failed because of the shortage of funds.
Our plan failed.
Our plan flopped.
Our plan got vetoed.
Our plan has a lot of advantages.
Our plan has changed.
Our plan has failed.
Our plan has gone askew.
Our plan has lots of additional advantages.
Our plan has lots of advantages.
Our plan has many additional advantages.
Our plan has many advantages.
Our plan has worked.
Our plan hasn't the ghost of chance.
Our plan hasn’t the ghost of chance.
Our plan is flawless.
Our plan is foolproof.
Our plan is good.
Our plan is just perfect.
Our plan is made.
Our plan is simple.
Our plan is solid.
Our plan is working.
Our plan keeps changing.
Our plan puts people at the forefront of every decision, and our immunization rollout will guide us through the spring and summer, ensuring that those who are most in need of the vaccine will receive it as soon as possible.
Our plan resulted in failure.
Our plan seems to be working.
Our plan was excellent.
Our plan was fully realized.
Our plan was objected to by the majority.
Our plan was simple.
Our plan was solid.
Our plan was successful.
Our plan was totally foolproof.
Our plan was unsuccessful.
Our plan went wrong from the beginning.
Our plan will be rejected.
Our plan will call for a lot of money.
Our plan will succeed.
Our plan will work out well.
Our plan will work.
Our plan won't get anywhere.
Our plan won’t get anywhere.
Our plan worked out well for us.
Our plan worked.
Our plane arrived at 11 a.m.
Our plane arrived at 11 this morning.
Our plane arrived late.
Our plane arrives in one hour.
Our plane couldn't land on account of the dense fog.
Our plane couldn't take off because of the storm.
Our plane couldn’t land on account of the dense fog.
Our plane crashed into the sea.
Our plane flew above the clouds.
Our plane has just arrived here.
Our plane is boarding right now.
Our plane is currently gliding above the cloud cover.
Our plane is flying over the clouds.
Our plane is flying toward the south.
Our plane is leaving in two hours.
Our plane is thirty minutes late.
Our plane just landed.
Our plane landed in Ankara late at night.
Our plane landed in Boston just before the storm hit.
Our plane landed in Boston late at night.
Our plane leaves at noon, arriving in Okinawa at 1:30.
Our plane took off at exactly twelve o'clock.
Our plane took off at exactly twelve o’clock.
Our plane took off exactly at 6 p.m.
Our plane took off exactly on time at six.
Our plane took off from Narita two hours late, so we missed our flight in Hong Kong.
Our plane was about thirty minutes late.
Our plane was cancelled because of adverse weather conditions.
Our plane was dangerously approaching the Turkish Airlines airliner.
Our plane was flying above the clouds.
Our plane was flying over the Pacific Ocean.
Our plane was moving in the direction of the Air France airliner.
Our plane will be arriving at eleven in the morning.
Our planet has a fever.
Our planet is a cybernetic organism.
Our planet is a living organism.
Our planet is a lonely speck in the great enveloping cosmic dark.
Our planet is beautiful.
Our planet is filled with life.
Our planet is ill.
Our planet is overpopulated.
Our planet is pudgier at the equator than at the poles by about 70,000 feet. This is due to the centrifugal force created by the earth’s constant rotation.
Our planet is sick.
Our planet moves in space with the lightness of a bird in flight.
Our planet needs to be kept alien free.
Our planet, Earth, is always in motion.
Our planning was poor.
Our planning wasn't very good.
Our plans are in a state of flux.
Our plans are not yet concrete.
Our plans are progressing smoothly.
Our plans are taking shape.
Our plans are to advance toward the city.
Our plans fell through at the last minute.
Our plans fell through.
Our plans for a picnic were dashed.
Our plans for the summer are taking shape.
Our plans for the vacation are still up in the air.
Our plans for tomorrow depend on the weather.
Our plans have been changed.
Our plans have changed.
Our plans have gone awry.
Our plans may need to be changed.
Our plans right now are hazy.
Our plans went awry.
Our plans went wrong.
Our plans were dashed.
Our platoon was ambushed.
Our plot was consumed by flames.
Our pointer took off after a big deer.
Our policies and systems are getting outdated and need revising, but to try to swap horses while crossing a stream might be dangerous.
Our policies have changed.
Our policy is to build for the future, not the past.
Our policy is to satisfy our customers.
Our political system was shaped by feudal traditions.
Our political visions differ.
Our politicians are criminals.
Our politicians are leading us to poverty.
Our population is growing exponentially.
Our portion has been eaten.
Our position has become a target.
Our potato crop is very good this year.
Our potato crop is very good this year. I hope your father's crop is good too.
Our power went out.
Our prayers go out to those affected by the shooting in Colorado.
Our prayers have been answered.
Our preacher preaches the same sermon every Christmas.
Our preparations are complete.
Our preparations are incomplete.
Our preparations are now complete.
Our present house is too small, so we decided to move.
Our president is a misogynist and a racist.
Our president is not as popular now, as he was before.
Our prestige is at stake.
Our price is considerably higher than the current market price.
Our prices are normal.
Our prices are so low, we must be crazy!
Our prices are the lowest.
Our prices are very competitive.
Our prices are very fair.
Our prices have gone up.
Our prices haven't changed in years.
Our prices went up in October.
Our pricing is very competitive.
Our primary objective is to expand the South American market.
Our primary problem is money.
Our prime suspect is Tom Jackson.
Our principal does no teaching.
Our principal is accessible to students.
Our principal made a long speech.
Our principal wanted to admit Bob to our school.
Our principal's name is Mr. Jackson.
Our principle is that the Party commands the gun, and the gun must never be allowed to command the Party.
Our priorities are clear.
Our priorities are different.
Our priorities are wrong.
Our priorities have changed over time.
Our priorities have changed.
Our priority is safety.
Our priority is to save lives.
Our prisoner has escaped.
Our prisoners have escaped.
Our prisons are full.
Our prisons are packed.
Our problem is how to get in touch with him.
Our problem is more than just a lack of money.
Our problem is not ignorance, but indolence.
Our problem is the opposite.
Our problem is with the Russian state, not the Russian people.
Our problem now is how to persuade Tom to quit.
Our problems are far from over.
Our problems are irreconcilable.
Our problems are nothing compared to Tom's.
Our problems are nothing compared to hers.
Our problems are nothing compared to his.
Our problems are nothing compared to theirs.
Our problems are over.
Our problems are under control.
Our problems aren't over yet.
Our problems aren't over.
Our problems don't worry them.
Our problems had just begun.
Our problems have been solved.
Our problems have disappeared.
Our problems must be dealt with through partnership; progress must be shared.
Our problems will soon be over.
Our product is best in its class.
Our product is so good, it's a crime!
Our products are better than your products.
Our products are better than yours.
Our products are in high demand.
Our products sell well overseas.
Our professor agreed to postpone the final exam for one additional week.
Our professor can't just assert something absurd just because he thinks he has ignorant students.
Our professor goes back to England tomorrow.
Our professor has a good reputation.
Our professor is always on time for his class.
Our professor is boring and humorless.
Our professor is going back to England tomorrow.
Our professor is returning to England tomorrow.
Our professor looks young for his age.
Our professor paid the bill for all of us.
Our professor postponed the exam until next week.
Our professor promised to hold off on the final exam for another week.
Our professor returns to England tomorrow.
Our profit margin is very small.
Our profits exceeded even the most optimistic estimates announced last year.
Our profits have declined over the past few years.
Our profits will surpass last year's.
Our progenitor was a blacksmith.
Our progenitor was a preeminent rabbi in Lodz.
Our programmers are already working on the bug.
Our progress has been the result of countless ordinary women and men whose names will never be written into the history books or chiseled on monuments, but who dedicated their lives to ensuring that America lives up to its promise of liberty and justice for all.
Our progress was put in check.
Our project came off with flying colors.
Our project collapsed.
Our project crashed and burned.
Our project didn't get off the ground until he joined the company.
Our project didn’t get off the ground until he joined the company.
Our project failed.
Our project fell into the water.
Our project fell through.
Our project has been put on hold.
Our project is going OK.
Our project is still in its infancy.
Our project is still in the early stages.
Our project ran into some issues.
Our project was put on hold.
Our project will require a lot of money.
Our project will wither on the vine without funding.
Our proposal met with strong opposition.
Our proposal was rejected indignantly.
Our proposal was turned down by the committee.
Our proposal was turned down.
Our proposal wasn't acceptable.
Our proposal wasn't accepted.
Our proposals met with little response.
Our proposed plan met with strong resistance.
Our prospects for victory are excellent at the moment.
Our protests were in vain.
Our public leaders are imaginative and often come up with new ideas.
Our publishing company publishes children's books.
Our pupils eat at the school restaurant.
Our puppy was crushed by a car.
Our puppy was killed by a lorry.
Our purpose is to make learning Arabic free and easy.
Our quarrel is with Tom, not with you.
Our quarrel is with Tom, not you.
Our quarterly results will serve as the best appraisal of our approach.
Our quote is the best effort we can make.
Our radiator is broken.
Our raft sprung a leak and we barely made it ashore.
Our random selection has chosen you as a possible winner!
Our rates are competitive.
Our rates are low.
Our rates are negotiable.
Our rates are now lower!
Our rates are very competitive.
Our rates are very reasonable.
Our rates increased in April.
Our rates went up in October.
Our rates will go up in October.
Our ratings are down.
Our ratings are falling.
Our real enemy is someone else.
Our real life friends may sometimes bore us, but the friends we find in books would never do that.
Our rear will be protected.
Our receipts for the month will just pay these expenses.
Our receptionist's name is Mary.
Our record label is dedicated to trance and drum and bass musicians.
Our records are confidential.
Our records show that the invoice No.1111 is still outstanding.
Our records show that you haven't paid yet.
Our redundant infrastructure ensures the highest levels of service availability.
Our refrigerator doesn't work.
Our refrigerator is out of order.
Our refrigerator isn't working.
Our refrigerator isn’t working.
Our refrigerator needs to be defrosted.
Our reinforcements are here.
Our reinforcements will soon arrive.
Our relations with our director are excellent.
Our relationship ended a few months later.
Our relationship eventually petered out.
Our relationship goes back many years.
Our relationship got to a next level.
Our relationship had no future.
Our relationship has changed, and I must be honest about my emotions.
Our relationship has changed.
Our relationship has no future.
Our relationship is as strong as it has ever been.
Our relationship is based on trust.
Our relationship is completely platonic.
Our relationship is complicated.
Our relationship is deteriorating.
Our relationship is emotionless.
Our relationship is entirely professional.
Our relationship is like a rare treasure.
Our relationship is like an adventure.
Our relationship is not as great as it used to be.
Our relationship is not good.
Our relationship is over. And this time it's for good.
Our relationship is platonic.
Our relationship is stable.
Our relationship is strained.
Our relationship is strictly professional.
Our relationship is strong.
Our relationship is stronger than ever before.
Our relationship is very intimate and loving.
Our relationship isn't good.
Our relationship never recovered after that incident.
Our relationship thrives on openness and trust.
Our relationship was a disaster.
Our relationship was perfect.
Our relationship was ruined by his jealousy.
Our relationship was sick.
Our relationships depend on how we treat each other.
Our religion is the traditions of our ancestors – the dreams of our old men, given them in solemn hours of the night by the Great Spirit; and the visions of our sachems, and is written in the hearts of our people.
Our rent has been lowered.
Our rent has gone up.
Our rent is four times as much as it was ten years ago.
Our rent is going up next month.
Our rent is three hundred dollars a month.
Our rent is too expensive, so we're looking for another apartment.
Our rented car broke drown during the journey.
Our reporters were assaulted by the security guards.
Our representative argued against the new tax plan.
Our reputation has been tarnished.
Our reputation is at stake.
Our reputation is on the line.
Our reputation will be sullied.
Our request for a pay raise was turned down.
Our request for a pay rise was turned down.
Our request has been denied.
Our request has been rejected.
Our request is denied.
Our request is rejected.
Our request was approved.
Our request was denied.
Our requests for additional funding were thwarted by the skinflints in upper management.
Our research group has stopped communicating.
Our research indicates that poverty levels will double over the next thirty years if these policies remain in place.
Our research indicates that such outcomes are becoming more common in this age group.
Our research indicates that there is a high probability of the situation changing drastically in the near future.
Our resident squirrel eats all our camellias.
Our resources are limited.
Our respective favorite shows are doing a crossover episode.
Our restaurant doesn't get many customers on Monday.
Our restaurant has been in Algiers since the 1940s.
Our restaurant is better than that restaurant.
Our restaurant is near the southern bus station.
Our restaurant is the best.
Our restaurant won't be open on Christmas Eve.
Our return journey took longer due to the traffic jam on the motorway.
Our revenge will be the laughter of our children.
Our revenue laws have operated in many ways to the unfair advantage of the few, and they have done little to prevent an unjust concentration of wealth and economic power.
Our revolution has been stolen.
Our right flank is under attack.
Our rights are not being considered.
Our rights have been violated.
Our rival was an honest, competitive person as well.
Our roads and our bridges need massive amounts of repair.
Our roads are completely dilapidated.
Our roads are in a woeful condition.
Our roads are in bad condition.
Our roadside stand is open most weekends.
Our robot is becoming self-aware.
Our robots think you're a robot.
Our rocket is being built.
Our rockets are too slow.
Our roof got blown off in the typhoon.
Our roof is leaking like a sieve.
Our roof needs to be repaired again.
Our roof was blown off in the typhoon.
Our rooms are next to each other.
Our roots have become tangled.
Our router is connected to a repeater in the living room.
Our rules are very strict.
Our rules forbid that.
Our safe had been blown open.
Our salaries are low.
Our salaries here are pretty low.
Our sales are decreasing.
Our sales are high this month.
Our sales are looking good this month so far.
Our sales are up three percent.
Our sales campaign is successful in a big way.
Our sales doubled this year.
Our sales increased by twenty percent this year.
Our sales organization for Gamma is not strong.
Our sales performance is just skyrocketing.
Our savings dwindled to just a few hundred dollars.
Our schedule changes a lot.
Our schedule is pretty full.
Our schedule is pretty tight.
Our school accepted three Americans as exchange students.
Our school accepted three Canadians as exchange students.
Our school administration decided to do away with that school rule.
Our school adopted his teaching methods.
Our school beat Keio at baseball.
Our school became coeducational a long time ago.
Our school begins at eight in the morning.
Our school begins at eight-thirty.
Our school begins at eight.
Our school burned down.
Our school did away with uniforms last year.
Our school doesn't have a swimming pool.
Our school encourages sports.
Our school facilities are inadequate for foreign students.
Our school festival was held last month.
Our school has 3,000 students.
Our school has a gym but not a swimming pool.
Our school has a similar program.
Our school has a swimming pool.
Our school has a very strict dress code.
Our school has about a thousand pupils.
Our school has about one thousand students.
Our school has accepted three Americans as exchange students.
Our school has accepted three Canadians as exchange students.
Our school has adopted a new teaching method.
Our school has an abacus.
Our school has broken up for the summer.
Our school has nine classes.
Our school has ten classes.
Our school has twenty-four classes in all.
Our school held a lantern festival.
Our school is 80 years old.
Our school is a ten-minute walk from here.
Our school is across the river.
Our school is closing next year.
Our school is famous for its club activities.
Our school is fifty years old.
Our school is found in this village.
Our school is further away than the station.
Our school is in a good neighbourhood.
Our school is in that village.
Our school is in the center of the town.
Our school is in the middle of the city.
Our school is in the south of the city.
Our school is in this village.
Our school is large and beautiful.
Our school is larger than theirs.
Our school is located in the south of the city.
Our school is near a park.
Our school is near the station.
Our school is now coeducational.
Our school is on the other side of the river.
Our school is on the other side of the station.
Our school is one of the best equipped.
Our school is right across the river.
Our school is right near the park.
Our school is situated on a hill.
Our school is surrounded by a healthy environment.
Our school is ten minutes' walk from here.
Our school is ten minutes’ walk from here.
Our school is very close to the park.
Our school is within ten minutes' walk of my house.
Our school is within ten minutes’ walk of my house.
Our school isn't ugly like yours is.
Our school library has many books.
Our school library is small, but new.
Our school offers a large number of after-school activities.
Our school offers a lot of after-school activities.
Our school on the hill commands a full view of Mt. Fuji.
Our school principal is a Canadian.
Our school prohibits us from going to the movies alone.
Our school stands in the village.
Our school stands near the park.
Our school stands on a hill, so we can see the town.
Our school stands on a hill.
Our school stands on the hill.
Our school starts at 7:15.
Our school starts at eight thirty.
Our school trip was spoiled by an unusual snowfall.
Our school was established in 1951.
Our school was founded in 1951.
Our school was founded in 1990.
Our school was founded in the 20th year of Meiji.
Our school was not the same size as yours.
Our school was reduced to ashes.
Our school will launch a newspaper.
Our school's gym is under construction now.
Our school's headmaster is very old.
Our school's headmistress is very old.
Our school's principal is very old.
Our schools stink.
Our school’s gym is under construction now.
Our school’s principal is very old.
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men.
Our screwups won't damn us.
Our seagulls are white.
Our seamen have always been famous for a matchless alacrity and intrepidity in time of danger; this has saved many a British ship, when other seamen would have run below deck, and left the ship to the mercy of the waves, or, perhaps, of a more cruel enemy, a pirate.
Our seats are next to each other.
Our seats were close.
Our second car should be an electric car.
Our second date was not a success.
Our second daughter Momoko is good-natured, but she isn't very good at studying. It's only a small thing but it causes worry.
Our secondary goal is to reconstruct what happened.
Our secret was discovered by the government.
Our secretary rarely laughed.
Our section chief always makes a face at me when I ask him for something.
Our security cameras are fake.
Our sense of hearing allows us to hear.
Our sensors did not detect any unusual activity.
Our sensors did not detect anything out of the ordinary.
Our sensors did not detect anything unusual.
Our server will be offline on October 20th for scheduled maintenance.
Our servers are currently experiencing heavy load.
Our services are available in Algeria.
Our set was only three songs long.
Our sex life is not completely harmonious.
Our share will go up next week.
Our shared goals and aspirations make me believe that our future together will be extraordinary.
Our shares have crashed.
Our sheep's fleece is thick; no matter how much we shear it, it will grow back.
Our shelves were empty.
Our shift is the best.
Our ship called at Marseille.
Our ship cannot beat them.
Our ship docked at Marseilles.
Our ship is badly damaged.
Our ship is severely damaged.
Our ship looked like a toy boat against the towering cliffs.
Our ship rounded the cape this morning.
Our ship sailed by favorable wind.
Our ship touched at Marseilles.
Our ship was approaching the harbor.
Our ship wasn't damaged in the battle.
Our shirts are all the same color but are all different sizes.
Our shoes squished with every step.
Our shop has a wide selection of fruit and vegetables.
Our shop is across from a restaurant.
Our shop will be closed on Monday.
Our show will be back after these messages.
Our show will be right back after these messages.
Our showroom made a hit with young ladies.
Our shrimp is a traditional South Indian style shrimp, and we marinate it with turmeric, ginger, shallots and green chilies.
Our shuttle bus will pick you up at the airport.
Our silence says a lot.
Our sincere condolences.
Our sister bought some eggplants, potatoes, zucchinis and Chinese cabbage at the market.
Our sister will be with us soon.
Our sisterly bond is everlasting.
Our site attracts thousands of Internet users every day.
Our site has an FAQ specifically to answer questions like these.
Our site is getting more and more popular.
Our situation has become critical.
Our situation has changed.
Our situation has gotten worse.
Our situation is dangerous.
Our situation is getting better.
Our situation is not completely hopeless, it's just almost completely hopeless.
Our situation is now a lot worse.
Our situation is pretty bad.
Our situation is pretty hopeless.
Our situation is rather hopeless.
Our situation is very fortunate.
Our situation isn't unique.
Our situation should improve in the near future.
Our situation should improve soon.
Our situation will change tomorrow.
Our situation will change.
Our skin is coated with sebum, a natural moisturizing oil.
Our small car, which has two doors, is black and gray.
Our smile, which is understandable in the context of Japanese culture, sometimes causes a lot of confusion and is notorious among foreign people as a mysterious smile.
Our snowman is gay.
Our soccer game will be postponed.
Our soccer team beat all the other teams in the town.
Our soccer team has a good defense.
Our soccer team has good defense.
Our soccer team was covered in glory.
Our soccer team won every game last season.
Our society is being ripped apart by power conflict.
Our society is built on stereotypes.
Our society is falling apart.
Our society is held up by verbal communication.
Our society is sick.
Our society would rather people just die if they can't be a good little cog in the machine of profit.
Our software is completely free (and it will stay that way) for all your basic needs.
Our software is proprietary.
Our solar system has an elliptical shape and is part of a galaxy known as the Milky Way.
Our solar system is 26,000 light-years from the center of the Galaxy.
Our solar system is always in motion.
Our solar system is elliptical in shape. That means it is shaped like an egg.
Our solar-system neighbors have ice mountains, frigid, liquid methane lakes, volcanoes that spew poisonous sulfur dioxide, and a colossal canyon as long as the continental U.S.
Our soldiers are being killed.
Our soldiers are moving into position.
Our soldiers cannot choose whether there is war or peace.
Our son died during the war.
Our son died in combat.
Our son died in the war.
Our son has come back home.
Our son has just started walking.
Our son has the same character as you; he certainly didn't take after me in that respect.
Our son is getting married and we want to get a bit drunk.
Our son is planning to do that.
Our son is potty trained.
Our son is sick.
Our son is still in daycare, but next year he will start school.
Our son is toilet trained.
Our son lives in Kabylie now.
Our son lives in Munich.
Our son tells everything to your son.
Our son wants to live with us again.
Our son was killed in action.
Our son was killed in the war.
Our son was unable to keep up with the class.
Our son will be 20 years old in two years.
Our son woke up, looking half asleep whilst he rubbed his eyes.
Our son's name is Tom.
Our songs are about people triumphing in difficult circumstances, not about people being defeated by hardships and wallowing in self pity.
Our sons played baseball together.
Our souls have found each other again.
Our soup of the day is beer.
Our source of light is the sun.
Our specialities are good plain cooking and a cosy atmosphere.
Our species cannot live on Earth.
Our sphere of influence has expanded so much since then.
Our staff are trustworthy.
Our staff is eager to help you.
Our staff is excellent.
Our staff is trustworthy.
Our staff is very well oriented.
Our staff will contact you in three working days.
Our stapler is out of staples.
Our starting position was favourable.
Our stay has been very pleasant.
Our stay in Boston was too short.
Our stay in Boston wasn't long enough.
Our stay in London was too short.
Our stay in Paris was nice.
Our steaks were overcooked.
Our steaks were overdone.
Our steelworks can produce up to 10,000 tons of steel per day.
Our stock of oil is running out.
Our stock prices have gone down 30%.
Our store has a monopoly on this item.
Our store hours are from 10 to 7.
Our store is large.
Our store is open 24/7.
Our store is open every day of the year except Christmas and New Year's.
Our store is open seven days a week.
Our store is thirty years old.
Our store isn't open on Thanksgiving.
Our store isn't open.
Our store sells a wide range of fashionable clothes.
Our store sells carpets.
Our store sells greeting cards for all occasions.
Our store was broken into last night.
Our store will reopen in October.
Our store will reopen on October 20th.
Our store won't be open on Thanksgiving.
Our stork flew away to warmer countries.
Our story begins in 2013.
Our story begins on a beautiful spring day.
Our story has come to an end.
Our story is over.
Our strategy is working.
Our strategy isn't working.
Our strategy was successful.
Our street is noisier than yours.
Our streets flood when it rains.
Our streets flood when we have rain.
Our streets look cleaner than they used to.
Our students are thirsty for knowledge.
Our students showed remarkable progress.
Our studio is still located on Park Street.
Our study showed the exact opposite.
Our stuff got stolen, and we missed our train.
Our stuff is better than yours.
Our stuff is gone.
Our stuff was stolen.
Our submersible is much larger, but designed with just as much care as the Titan.
Our substitute teacher was young.
Our success depend on your efforts.
Our success depends on whether he helps us or not.
Our success depends upon whether you will help us or not.
Our success in this work depends on your efforts.
Our success is guaranteed.
Our success was due in part to good luck.
Our success was due in part to luck.
Our success was due to his efforts.
Our success was, for the most part, thanks to his efforts.
Our success was, in the main due to his efforts.
Our success was, in the main, due to his efforts.
Our success, after all, is due to his earnest efforts.
Our suggestions met with his opposition.
Our suggestions were, in effect, almost the same.
Our summer is short, but warm.
Our sun will run out of energy in about five billion years.
Our sun will run out of energy in about five billion years. If anyone is around when it happens, they’ll have to leave Earth and find a new planet.
Our supplies are running low.
Our supplies are running out.
Our supplies won't last for ever.
Our supplies won't last forever.
Our supplies won't last very much longer.
Our supply of food is exhausted.
Our supply of sugar has run out.
Our surname is French.
Our surplus has swelled by nearly ten percent in this quarter.
Our surveys indicate that the public would support the proposed legislation.
Our survival depends on finding drinking water soon.
Our swashbuckling protagonist is unafraid of boarding a burning ship, all to save his loved one.
Our swimming pool is in our backyard.
Our system is corrupt.
Our system prevents that.
Our systems were damaged.
Our table is wobbling. Give me your art book so I can make it stay still.
Our talk about the sexuality of flies could offend some people.
Our task has been easy so far, but it will be difficult from now on.
Our task is to rebuild the wall.
Our task is to repair a wall.
Our taste researchers have been working day and night in the lab to create the perfect potato chip.
Our tastes are completely different.
Our tastes don't match.
Our tastes in art agree.
Our tax system is still without coherent philosophy.
Our taxes are too high.
Our taxes were changed to 2,050 pesos.
Our taxi driver swerved to avoid hitting a pedestrian.
Our taxi pulled up outside a place called Chuck's Bar and Grill.
Our taxpayers deserve to know that.
Our teacher advanced the date of the exam.
Our teacher almost never laughs.
Our teacher also said that her wedding wouldn't be the same as other people's; we asked how it would be different, but she didn't say.
Our teacher also said that her wedding wouldn’t be the same as other people’s; we asked how it would be different, but she didn’t say.
Our teacher always favours female pupils.
Our teacher always tells us that keeping up with world events by reading the newspaper is very important.
Our teacher announced an exam for next week.
Our teacher apologized to us for being late.
Our teacher arrived late on the first day of class.
Our teacher assigned everyone in class to write a paper on the Great Wall of China.
Our teacher began singing a song well.
Our teacher began to sing a song, and sing it well.
Our teacher called our names in turn.
Our teacher called the roll at the beginning of the class.
Our teacher comes to school by car.
Our teacher demanded that we keep quiet.
Our teacher demonstrated the experiment in chemistry.
Our teacher doesn't have children.
Our teacher doesn't just speak English, but French too.
Our teacher doesn't like it when one of us is late.
Our teacher dwelt on the importance of punctuality.
Our teacher favored white kids over black kids.
Our teacher favors only the girl students.
Our teacher frequently overlooked the names of people on the list.
Our teacher gave us many examples in order to explain to us what he wanted to say.
Our teacher gives out a lot of homework.
Our teacher gives us a lot of homework.
Our teacher got mad at Tom because he was acting up in class.
Our teacher got to class late this morning.
Our teacher had a boyfriend.
Our teacher had hardly finished the class when the bell rang.
Our teacher had us learn the poem by heart.
Our teacher had us read that book.
Our teacher had us work in groups.
Our teacher has a wonderful sense of humor.
Our teacher has already told us that.
Our teacher has often told us not to idle away our time.
Our teacher hates his students to ask questions while he is giving a lecture.
Our teacher is a complete idiot.
Our teacher is a fucking whore.
Our teacher is a gentleman in the true sense of the word.
Our teacher is a martial arts expert.
Our teacher is a real idiot.
Our teacher is a sincere person, so I look up to him.
Our teacher is a sincere person, so I trust him.
Our teacher is always cool.
Our teacher is always on time for class.
Our teacher is an asshole.
Our teacher is at once stern and kindly.
Our teacher is dumb.
Our teacher is fresh out of college.
Our teacher is going to the USA next month.
Our teacher is grading tests.
Our teacher is in a good mood.
Our teacher is in a good temper.
Our teacher is marking exam papers.
Our teacher is marking papers.
Our teacher is not always kind to us.
Our teacher is over there.
Our teacher is patient with us even when we ask silly questions.
Our teacher is pretty witty.
Our teacher is punctual for the classes.
Our teacher is quite witty.
Our teacher is really stubborn, isn't she?
Our teacher is really stubborn, right?
Our teacher is so bad at explaining.
Our teacher is someone who likes precision, and always demands precise answers of her students.
Our teacher is stern to us.
Our teacher is strict, and yet, he is kind.
Our teacher is telling a story.
Our teacher is tired.
Our teacher is very strict.
Our teacher is well spoken of.
Our teacher is, as it were, a walking dictionary.
Our teacher knows nowt about anything. He's always asking us!
Our teacher lets us use calculators on exams.
Our teacher likes his new car.
Our teacher lives at the extreme end of the street.
Our teacher lives at the far end of the street.
Our teacher lives close by.
Our teacher looks really young.
Our teacher looks very young.
Our teacher looks young for her age.
Our teacher made us clean the room.
Our teacher made us work in groups.
Our teacher mainly teaches us how to work.
Our teacher must have studied English hard when he was a high school student.
Our teacher often overlooked his name on the list.
Our teacher ordered Jim to go home at once.
Our teacher permitted us to use a dictionary during the test.
Our teacher ran through the important points again.
Our teacher really stands on ceremony, doesn't she?
Our teacher really stands on ceremony, doesn’t she?
Our teacher reminded us not to forget our homework.
Our teacher said that water boils at 100°C.
Our teacher said that water boils at 100ÂºC.
Our teacher said that water boils at a hundred degrees Celsius.
Our teacher said to us, "Don't leave the room."
Our teacher said to us, "Don’t leave the room."
Our teacher said, "Water boils at 100 degrees."
Our teacher said: "Of course you can".
Our teacher said: "Of course you can."
Our teacher says that everybody needs Physics.
Our teacher says: "Of course you can."
Our teacher seemed angry.
Our teacher seemed surprised.
Our teacher seldom laughs.
Our teacher separated us into two groups.
Our teacher showed us different kinds of flowers and told us in passing that those flowers came from her garden.
Our teacher sometimes speaks quickly.
Our teacher sometimes speaks too fast.
Our teacher speaks French as well as English.
Our teacher speaks fourteen languages.
Our teacher told us that water boiled at 100 degrees centigrade.
Our teacher told us that we should do our best.
Our teacher told us to go out into the ground at once.
Our teacher told us to read that book.
Our teacher told us to study harder.
Our teacher told us what to read.
Our teacher told us when to start.
Our teacher tried to use a new method of teaching English.
Our teacher urged us to study harder.
Our teacher used to say "This is going to hurt me more than it hurts you" before laying into us with a cane.
Our teacher warned him not to be late again.
Our teacher was a beautiful lady, but was not the type of person who dressed up.
Our teacher was a drunk.
Our teacher was drunk and she fell during the job.
Our teacher was late this morning.
Our teacher was out that day.
Our teacher was serious.
Our teacher was sick, so we didn't have class today.
Our teacher was so insensitive.
Our teacher was so strict.
Our teacher was strict.
Our teacher will give us difficult problems.
Our teacher will go to the USA next month.
Our teacher will return from abroad in August.
Our teachers are all from Algeria.
Our teachers are highly qualified.
Our teachers made us memorize things to know them by heart.
Our teachers say ours is the best school in the state, and in a way, it is.
Our teachers use the interactive teaching method, in which particular attention is given to communicating with pupils.
Our team accomplished a great success.
Our team achieved five medals in total.
Our team beat our opponents 5-4.
Our team beat the Lions 3 to 0.
Our team beat the opposition 5-4.
Our team botched a lot of passes.
Our team came home in triumph.
Our team can easily beat your team in the first game.
Our team can win.
Our team captured the forward node.
Our team competed with a powerful rival.
Our team consists of five people.
Our team could easily have brought home the bacon, if it weren't for the team's best man being injured.
Our team could easily have brought home the bacon, if it weren’t for the team’s best man being injured.
Our team could win.
Our team defeated our opponent 5-4.
Our team defeated them by 5-0 at baseball.
Our team did not reach the playoffs this year.
Our team did very well.
Our team didn't reach the playoffs this year.
Our team didn't score many points today.
Our team didn't win a single game last season.
Our team didn't win.
Our team doesn't stand a chance against their team because they are much better than we are.
Our team doesn’t stand a chance against their team because they are much better than we are.
Our team fought off all the others.
Our team from Bangladesh is not small.
Our team gained a great victory.
Our team had a decently good season.
Our team has a Moroccan player.
Our team has a good chance of winning.
Our team has a new quarterback.
Our team has good players.
Our team has lost two consecutive games.
Our team has lost two games back-to-back.
Our team has lost two games in a row.
Our team has lost two games on the trot.
Our team has no girls.
Our team has now lost three games in a row.
Our team has progressed a lot since last year.
Our team has the game on ice.
Our team has topped the league this season.
Our team has won the last three games.
Our team hasn't lost a game in three seasons.
Our team hasn't won a single game so far.
Our team hasn't won a trophy for years.
Our team hasn't won any silverware for decades.
Our team is amazing.
Our team is better than yours.
Our team is five points ahead.
Our team is gaining ground.
Our team is good.
Our team is in the cellar.
Our team is in the lead.
Our team is invincible.
Our team is likely to win the game.
Our team is likely to win.
Our team is one player short.
Our team is ready for the game.
Our team is ready.
Our team is seeded in the ping-pong competition.
Our team is still undefeated.
Our team is the best.
Our team is the worst team in the league.
Our team is two points ahead.
Our team is unlikely to win.
Our team is very good.
Our team is very strong.
Our team is winning.
Our team is working flat out to meet the deadlines.
Our team isn't going to play in the semifinals of the championship.
Our team isn't good.
Our team isn't likely to win.
Our team isn't very good.
Our team lost all its games.
Our team lost all of its games.
Our team lost several good players.
Our team lost the first game.
Our team lost the first match.
Our team lost, 2-0.
Our team lost.
Our team made thirty points in the first half of the game.
Our team may win.
Our team needs a new quarterback.
Our team needs your help.
Our team of proofreaders is very efficient.
Our team played a horrible match.
Our team played an even game with team "S".
Our team played extremely well.
Our team returned home after a huge victory.
Our team scored five runs in the last inning.
Our team scored the first goal.
Our team stinks.
Our team triumphed over theirs.
Our team was having a losing streak at that time.
Our team was in high spirits because of the victory.
Our team was wearing red T-shirts.
Our team were wearing red shirts.
Our team will decimate yours on the field tomorrow.
Our team will pick up the slack.
Our team will play in Boston on Monday.
Our team will take home the prize.
Our team won 3 to 1.
Our team won in the intercollegiate tournament.
Our team won the game.
Our team won their match yesterday.
Our team won yesterday.
Our team won.
Our team wore red shirts.
Our team's hard work and dedication are paying off, confirming that we're on the right track.
Our technical school had its own ensemble.
Our technique was wrong.
Our technologies can record phenomena well outside the realm of human visual abilities.
Our technologies can record phenomena well outside the realm of human visual abilities—things like heat and moisture, the measurement of which would have seemed magical to our forebears.
Our technology has advanced dramatically.
Our teeth are white as snow.
Our telephone is out of order so I shall have it repaired.
Our television gave up the ghost yesterday.
Our television has been out of order for more than a week.
Our television stopped working yesterday.
Our telly conked out yesterday.
Our telly packed up yesterday.
Our temple is beautiful.
Our tent is big enough.
Our tent is pretty old. I'm going to buy a new one before our next camping trip.
Our tent was the only one in the camping area.
Our theories of the eternal are as valuable as are those which a chick which has not broken its way through its shell might form of the outside world.
Our therapist suggested we go camping together and leave the kids at home.
Our things are better than yours.
Our thinking is flexible.
Our third grade teacher punished us by making us write "I must not talk in class" five hundred times.
Our thought capacity at any one time is limited, and if we're constantly cluttering it with all these must-remembers, especially when they keep piling on as they pop up throughout our day, it leaves little space for our mind to work.
Our thought is expressed by means of language.
Our thought is expressed by means of words.
Our thoughts are with all those affected by this terrible event.
Our thoughts could differ significantly.
Our thoughts on certain topics may not align.
Our throats are becoming dry, standing beneath the sun like this, without even a tree for shade.
Our throats are eager to drink something.
Our tickets are at the cinema box office.
Our time has come!
Our time hasn't been wasted.
Our time here in Australia is limited.
Our time here in Boston is limited.
Our time is coming.
Our time is limited.
Our time is running out.
Our timetable is a little tight.
Our toilet is broken.
Our tomcat didn't come home for half a year once. We'd already given him up when he came back one day looking well fed.
Our top priority is to settle the dispute once and for all.
Our top priority is to settle this dispute once and for all, so we are ready to meet them halfway.
Our topic for this week is global warming.
Our topic of the week is intolerance.
Our topic of the week is: _____.
Our total debts amount to ten thousand dollars.
Our tour guide speaks perfect Berber and his accent is superb.
Our tour guide's name was Tom.
Our towel was seventy centimeters long and a meter wide.
Our towel was sixty centimeters wide and a meter long.
Our town does not have a corps of firemen.
Our town has excellent sports facilities.
Our town has only one traffic light.
Our town is a hub in the rail network.
Our town is a perfect place for trick-or-treating.
Our town is across this bridge.
Our town is close to the city.
Our town is facing a wave of student protest.
Our town is notorious for its muddy roads.
Our town is on the East Side of the river.
Our town never gets hit by tornadoes.
Our town ran into danger.
Our town suffered the same fate.
Our town was added to the list of the most beautiful towns in the country.
Our town was bombed twice this week.
Our trading companies do business all over the world.
Our traditions are not for outsiders.
Our train already left.
Our train arrived late.
Our train arrived on time.
Our train arrived punctually at the station, but the limited time available between connecting trains precluded anything but the briefest of strolls round the surrounding streets.
Our train had already pulled out when we arrived at the station.
Our train has left the station.
Our train hasn't been given the departure signal yet.
Our train hasn't yet been given the signal to depart.
Our train is delayed.
Our train is in an hour.
Our train is late.
Our train is not stopping in Lyon. We must change trains.
Our train is unusually full.
Our train is usually packed.
Our train leaves at 2:30.
Our train leaves at eight-thirty.
Our train leaves in 30 minutes.
Our train left Osaka at 8:00, arriving in Tokyo by 11:00.
Our train left at two, arriving there at seven.
Our train must still wait for another train to arrive.
Our train must still wait for the arrival of yet another train.
Our train reached Rome after dark.
Our train still needs to wait for the arrival of another train.
Our train stopped for five hours owing to the earthquake.
Our train stopped suddenly.
Our train suddenly stopped.
Our train was an hour late because of the heavy snow.
Our train was delayed on account of the heavy snow.
Our train was late.
Our train was thirty minutes late.
Our train was three hours late.
Our train went at 200 kilometers an hour.
Our train went through a long tunnel.
Our training is hard.
Our training went well.
Our transactions with that firm have continued unbroken since my father's generation.
Our transactions with that firm have continued unbroken since my father’s generation.
Our travel advice center caters to the independent traveler.
Our travels take us everywhere.
Our trick-or-treating is still on Halloween here.
Our trip came to an end.
Our trip has been very enjoyable so far.
Our trip is dependent on the weather.
Our trip lasted a long time.
Our trip lasted three weeks.
Our trip to Africa has become a catastrophe.
Our trip to Africa is turning into a catastrophe.
Our trip to Africa turned into a disaster.
Our trip to Africa turned out to be a disaster.
Our trip was canceled due to the heavy snow.
Our trip was cancelled because of heavy snow.
Our trip was long, difficult and dangerous. We're just happy to be back home in one piece.
Our trip was unattended by adventures.
Our trip was wonderful.
Our troops are ready.
Our troops attacked the enemy.
Our troops engaged with the enemy.
Our troops were constantly attacked by the guerrillas.
Our troops were constantly harassed by the guerrillas.
Our troops were outnumbered.
Our troubles are almost over.
Our troubles are far from over.
Our troubles are only beginning.
Our troubles aren't over yet.
Our troubles aren't over.
Our troubles aren't yet over.
Our true hope is that there exists life in other worlds.
Our true nationality is mankind.
Our turn has come.
Our turn is next.
Our turn will come.
Our two brothers wrought their common death.
Our two heroes having deserted this sentence, their adventures seemed to be willing to end precisely with this word.
Our two hotel rooms shared the same bathroom.
Our two teams will face each other next Monday.
Our ultimate goal is to establish world peace.
Our uncle bought us movie tickets.
Our uncle called on me all the way from Kyushu.
Our understanding of certain topics might differ.
Our union can be perfected.
Our union no longer has any purpose.
Our union was forbidden.
Our unique traits should not diminish our respect for one another.
Our unity in opposing hate speech is our strength.
Our universe is expanding.
Our university authorities are considering the admission of handicapped students.
Our university building is now under construction on a hillside in the north of Fukuoka.
Our university chartered a plane for the football team and the marching band.
Our university consists of eight departments.
Our university doesn't graduate losers.
Our university doesn't want to run foul of the law.
Our university graduates 1,000 students every year.
Our university has a beautiful campus.
Our university has a dorm.
Our university has a dormitory.
Our university has a good library.
Our university has excellent sports facilities.
Our university is in the suburbs of Tokyo.
Our university medical center is conducting this investigation under the strict control of the Health Ministry.
Our university usually starts on April 1st.
Our urban cats continue to hunt even though they're relatively well fed.
Our urban cats no longer need their hunting skills.
Our usual road was closed, so we had to find an alternative route.
Our vacation ends tomorrow.
Our vacation has been canceled.
Our vacation is about to begin.
Our vacation is almost over.
Our vacation was so much fun that we decided to stay an extra week.
Our vacation will be over in three days.
Our vacation will be over in three weeks.
Our vacation will soon come to an end.
Our values may clash with others.
Our vegetables are fresh.
Our venue wasn't renovated too long ago.
Our very existence and future depends upon the sea, yet oceans worldwide are being harmed by human activities such as pollution, habitat destruction, over-harvesting and coastal development.
Our veterans deserve no less.
Our victory is secure.
Our victory must herald a new and better future for our children.
Our video game lets you choose the protagonist's gender, so we have given them a unisex name.
Our view about life changes with age.
Our view is that such policies are untenable.
Our view of the world is truly shaped by what we decide to hear.
Our views are in agreement with theirs as to the essential points.
Our views on certain matters could vary.
Our views on the matter are in accord.
Our village Djemaa-Saharidj, the 2nd most populated village in Kabylie, the 1st in surface. One would think that it stands alone. But it is its inhabitants who have saved it and continue to preserve it. Yes, we can do much better! We could make it a jewel. All you have to do is ask us. I dare you! NB. And thanks to the great music of Matoub!
Our village in Algeria is surrounded by a very heavily wooded area.
Our village is Catholic, but the neighbouring village is Evangelist.
Our village is another four kilometers up in the mountains.
Our village is close to the railway station.
Our village is drowned in garbage.
Our village is finally in view.
Our village is not short of water.
Our village is on the top of that steep hill.
Our village lies in the midst of the Djurdjura mountains, in Kabylie, Algeria.
Our village mosque is very old.
Our village needs a bigger mosque.
Our village needs a mosque now.
Our village needs a new mosque.
Our village was reduced to ashes.
Our village's fountain has dried up.
Our village's main street is full of potholes.
Our virtues are, most often, only disguised vices.
Our vision of globalization empowers each and every person on the planet to be the best they can be, not to live in abject subjugation to a corporate governing body.
Our visit has been very pleasant.
Our visit was wonderful.
Our visitor again passed his hand over his forehead.
Our visitor sprang from his chair.
Our visitor stretched forward a quivering hand and picked up the Daily Telegraph, which still lay upon Holmes’ knee.
Our visitors are at the door.
Our visitors are sitting in the living room.
Our visitors arrived at the appointed time.
Our voice can't be stifled.
Our votes count.
Our votes weren't enough to elect him.
Our wagonette had topped a rise and in front of us rose the huge expanse of the moor, mottled with gnarled and craggy cairns and tors. A cold wind swept down from it and set us shivering.
Our wait is over.
Our walk was spoiled by the wind and the rain.
Our wallets were stolen.
Our walls are pink.
Our war on nature has left the planet broken.
Our washing machine is in the basement.
Our water bottles look very similar, so I might've taken yours by mistake.
Our water has been poisoned.
Our water heater is broken.
Our water heater is leaking.
Our water is about to run out.
Our water pipes broke.
Our water pipes burst.
Our water supplies are dwindling.
Our water supply is very short.
Our water was poisoned.
Our way is better.
Our ways differ.
Our weaknesses were exposed.
Our weapons have been destroyed.
Our weapons have been stolen.
Our weapons were useless.
Our web site attracts a lot of users.
Our website is down again.
Our website is offline for maintenance work.
Our website is offline for scheduled maintenance.
Our website is offline for scheduled maintenance. We expect to be back online by 2:30 GMT.
Our website is offline.
Our website is still under construction.
Our website needs to be brought to life with eye-catching photos and videos.
Our website seems to be getting more popular.
Our wedding anniversary is October 20th.
Our wedding anniversary is coming soon.
Our wedding anniversary is today.
Our wedding is next Monday.
Our wedding is three weeks from today.
Our wedding is tomorrow.
Our wedding needs to be perfect.
Our wedding plans have changed.
Our wedding will be private.
Our weekend plans had been put off.
Our weekend plans were in abeyance.
Our weight-loss pills will allow you guilt-free indulgences at your favorite all-you-can-eat buffet.
Our well has run dry.
Our wheelie bin was stolen.
Our white hairs are multiplying.
Our whole case hinges on whether the government's actions were constitutional or not.
Our whole case hinges on whether the government’s actions were constitutional or not.
Our whole class watched this movie.
Our whole economy depends on this.
Our whole lives are at stake in this.
Our whole plan got spoiled.
Our whole team clasped hands.
Our windows are not tight. There is always a draft.
Our wines are the soul of Moselle.
Our wisdom comes from our experience. Our experience comes from our foolish actions.
Our wives are Canadians.
Our wives are friends.
Our wives know each other.
Our wives went shopping together.
Our word did not prevail.
Our word today is eureka. It is a kind of word called an expletive. Expletives are quick, short outcries of pain, surprise, anger or joy. We hear them all the time.
Our words are many, our deeds nonexistent.
Our words are potentially ambiguous.
Our work began to flourish.
Our work begins today.
Our work concerns peace.
Our work here is almost done.
Our work here is done.
Our work here is finished.
Our work here is over.
Our work here isn't done.
Our work is all over now.
Our work is almost done.
Our work is almost over.
Our work is beginning to get more difficult.
Our work is complicated.
Our work is done here.
Our work is never finished.
Our work is very hard.
Our work isn't done yet.
Our work isn't done.
Our work isn't valued here.
Our work never ends.
Our work starts now.
Our workers are being replaced by robots to do the job.
Our workers come from every corner of Algeria.
Our working environment was good.
Our world changes as fast as never before. Every week we get further from the plain living of our ancestors.
Our world is a book, and people who don't travel are reading only from the first page.
Our world is changing rapidly.
Our world is changing.
Our world is ending.
Our world is getting smaller and smaller every year.
Our world is getting smaller and smaller.
Our world is only a small part of the universe.
Our world is only a tiny part of the universe.
Our world is only one small part of the universe.
Our world isn't yours.
Our world keeps getting smaller.
Our world must be a satire of some other world.
Our world runs on electricity.
Our world will die with us, although the world will go on without us.
Our world will have an energy crisis if alternative fuel sources are not found.
Our worries don't drown in alcohol. They can swim.
Our worries will soon be over.
Our yacht club has ten members.
Our yard is a mess.
Our yard is full of lilies in the spring.
Our yard is large.
Our young captain was a very handsome man, tall and perfectly formed.
Our young companion looked at me with a twinkle in his eye.
Our young misses were also invited, for they cut a very grand figure among the people of the country-side.
Our young people went into exile.
Our young women and men living under duress, those who do nothing but seek to lean on the shoulder of who does not have one, in the arms of companions whose property would have been granted by shameful procedures, baited as they were by futile charms and chimeras, all these must take their courage in both hands to seek a way out in order to come out of the deep darkness, by them themselves, whether they are men or women.
Our younger brother is making a phone call.
Our youngest daughter's name is Mary.
Our youngest son's name is Tom.
Our youngest will be going to secondary school next year.
Our youth are in grave danger.
Our youth we can have but to-day, we may always find time to grow old.
Our zine collection is a small one designed to provide alternative perspectives and to provide a sense of the aesthetic of zines.
Our zine collection is shelved near the new books on the main floor and are shelved more or less alphabetically by title.
Ours are quality frames and not low quality articles. Eyeglasses of this kind are considerably more expensive in any optical shop.
Ours has come.
Ours is a mechanical age.
Ours is better than yours.
Ours is worse.
Ours was so fleeting that a star saw us and made a wish.
Ours will be a religious wedding.
Ourselves, we do not do anything.
Ousted from the conservationist organization he founded, the Canadian-American eco-warrior says he is back in business with a new ship and crew and is ready to resume tormenting the world’s whalers and others he sees as despoilers of the world’s oceans.
Out everyone!
Out in the depths of the ocean, tsunami waves do not dramatically increase in height. But as the waves travel inland, they build up to higher and higher heights as the depth of the ocean decreases.
Out in the forest stood a pretty little Fir Tree.
Out in the furthest reaches of the galaxy there are a bunch of stars named after dead actors.
Out of Alice, Bob and Kevin, only one doesn't like cats.
Out of Japan's 126 million residents, an estimated 440,000 are Catholic.
Out of a hundred soldiers, ten returned unharmed, the rest died.
Out of a sense of justice, I said to the leader of the biker gang: "What you are doing is a crime! Be ashamed of yourselves!"
Out of a sense of justice, I said to the leader of the biker gang: "What you are doing is a crime! Be ashamed of yourselves!".
Out of all four of my children, Ziri was the easiest baby.
Out of all four seasons, I like spring the best.
Out of all his brothers, Anthony is the least wise.
Out of all human emotions, only envy is sincere.
Out of all my classes, I prefer English.
Out of all of my children, Ernesto is the youngest.
Out of all of us, Mr. Tanaka is the richest.
Out of all the attributes of the gods, the one I find most pitiable is their inability to commit suicide.
Out of all the exoplanets found by Kepler, this distant world – located 300 light-years from Earth – is most similar to Earth in size and estimated temperature.
Out of all the instruments my roommate could decide to start learning, he chose the harmonica.
Out of all the movies you saw this year, which one was your favorite?
Out of all the people at your school, who do you like the most?
Out of boredom, Tom started building a well out of matches.
Out of breath, he appeared before me.
Out of caution, he stopped driving at twilight years ago.
Out of compulsion, I wrote an apology letter.
Out of consideration to the pig farming industry the name 'pig influenza' has been changed into 'influenza A(H1N1)'.
Out of consideration to the pig farming industry the name ’pig influenza’ has been changed into ’influenza A(H1N1)’.
Out of curiosity, Tom wet his pants on purpose.
Out of embarrassment, he wants to sink into the earth.
Out of every metal, iron is the most useful.
Out of every person I've ever met, I love you the most.
Out of everyone there, I spoke the least.
Out of everything you’ve lost, what do you miss the most?
Out of instinct, Lorenzo screamed.
Out of milk? Try enjoying your favorite breakfast cereal with tap water or orange juice instead.
Out of my control.
Out of my kitchen!
Out of my salary, I had begun to save a few dollars.
Out of my sight, you filthy dog!
Out of my way or I shoot you.
Out of my way!
Out of my way, boy.
Out of nowhere, an unbelievable quarrel broke in the middle of the road.
Out of other avenues for escape, the desperate fugitive decided to hijack a dog sled.
Out of rage, thank God, sometimes comes courage.
Out of sheer fear of making mistakes, I did everything wrong.
Out of sight is out of mind.
Out of sight out of mind.
Out of sight out of mind. When you're separated you lose touch.
Out of sight out of mind. When you’re separated you lose touch.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Out of silent distrust came open contempt.
Out of the 6 members, a third are women.
Out of the blue, Jack told his wife that he wanted a divorce.
Out of the blue, he came.
Out of the bushes jumped a rabbit.
Out of the bushes sprang a rabbit.
Out of the cloudy skies over Wiesbaden, Germany, on a warm June day, gifts descend from the heavens, dropping like rain onto the fields below, much to the delight of hundreds of children waiting on the ground.
Out of the colors, I like bright red.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw someone drive past.
Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Felix tell Sandra something.
Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed Tom talking to Mary.
Out of the crowd, stepped Skura.
Out of the five of us, he's surely the one who speaks the most languages.
Out of the four policies that were suggested, I think the most effective one would be the "Improvement of Preventive Care and Health Promotion" policy.
Out of the frying pan and into the fire.
Out of the frying pan, into the fire.
Out of the kitchen, you fucking dog!
Out of the mouth comes evil.
Out of the mouths of babes and sucklings comes forth the truth.
Out of the mouths of babes and sucklings.
Out of the mouths of babes.
Out of the overflow of the heart, the mouth speaks.
Out of the question!
Out of the students, only one had read that book.
Out of the ten thousand English sentences added by Tom to the Tatoeba corpus, seven hundred are translated into Modern Greek.
Out of the three windows in the room, only one opens.
Out of the two designs, I prefer the former to the latter.
Out of the two faucets only one worked properly.
Out of the two, I choose the least expensive.
Out of the two, I choose the less expensive one.
Out of the two, I chose the cheaper one.
Out of the way!
Out of the way! Step back! Make way, please!
Out of the way, I'm going to pee my pants!
Out of the way, you're blocking the TV.
Out of the window, Boris saw Melissa.
Out of these cakes, I like this one the best.
Out of those three people, Mike is the biggest.
Out of twenty students, only one had read the book.
Out of twenty students, only one has read the book.
Out on the beach, I found a beautiful shell.
Out rushed the man and his wife.
Out there, I don't like most people.
Out west, especially, where there are plenty of campgrounds and national parks, you see thousands of motor homes.
Out with the old, in with the new.
Out with you upon the wild waves, children of the king! Henceforth your cries shall be with the flocks of birds.
Out you come!
Out you go!
Outbreaks of rain and hill snow will spread southeast across the Midlands during the morning.
Outdoor footwear is prohibited from this point.
Outdoor life and regular exercise are popular in Sweden. Now, some employers there are taking workouts one step further. At sportswear retailer Bjorn Borg, workouts at work are mandatory.
Outdoor, ivy grows and spreads very rapidly.
Outdoors, English ivy is considered invasive.
Outerwear is on the first floor.
Outing closeted, gay celebrities is a controversial practice.
Outlawing migration is like outlawing going to the bathroom.
Outline Boston on this map with a red pencil.
Outlining his findings in a study published by the journal Geology, Menge suggests that electrically charged volcanic ash from the devastating eruption short-circuited the ionosphere, which produced the clouds that dumped the soaking rains on Napoleon and his troops at Waterloo.
Outnumbered and outgunned, the squad was forced to call in an airstrike.
Output by 1999 had fallen to less than 40% of the 1991 level.
Outrage, compassion, a desire for justice: these are some of the motivations of 10 women honored by the U.S. State Department this year with the International Women of Courage Award.
Outreach programs are the main source of support for at-risk teens in this community.
Outside Manila and the big cities of the Philippines, people don't speak much English.
Outside advice may be necessary.
Outside all was calm and quiet.
Outside it's cold as a witch's tit.
Outside it's cold, dark and windy.
Outside it's foggy.
Outside it's teeming with rain.
Outside it's teeming.
Outside of Landskrona there is a big island called Hven.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it's too dark to read.
Outside of a dog, a book is man’s best friend. Inside of a dog, it’s too dark to read.
Outside of him, no one else came to the party.
Outside of the United States, the next eclipse will occur in 2019 and will be viewable from the South Pacific, Chile, and Argentina.
Outside of work, William is continuing his studies to get a master's degree.
Outside of working hours, you can get a hold of him through his private phone.
Outside studies, Ziri plays soccer.
Outside the Church there is no salvation.
Outside the castle were trees with golden autumn leaves.
Outside the hospital is a firm of undertakers.
Outside the house, Lieutenant Dan Anderson found Linda's shoes.
Outside the house, at the street corner, the same old group of young men were standing with their hands in their pockets.
Outside the house, he is another person.
Outside the mainstream of orthodox Judaism, apocalypticism was more successful with certain movements.
Outside the mainstream of orthodox Judaism, the apocalyptic books were more successful with certain movements.
Outside the mansion were trees with golden autumn leaves.
Outside the national borders, different regulations apply.
Outside the nightclub were two bouncers, blokes like bears.
Outside the palace was a large garden, with fiery red and deep blue trees, the fruit of which shone like gold, while the flowers glowed like fire on their ceaselessly waving stalks.
Outside the school, she saw people with no homes living in cardboard boxes.
Outside the shop was a man with white hair playing an accordion.
Outside the shop, a man with white hair was playing an accordion.
Outside the store, a gray-haired man was playing an accordion.
Outside the sun was sinking low and the west was blazing with scarlet and gold.
Outside the tourist areas, I don't think there's much prosperity.
Outside the town a great scaffold had been erected, and all round were standing the soldiers, and hundreds of thousands of people. The King and Queen were sitting on a magnificent throne opposite the judges and the whole council.
Outside the window there are flowers and trees.
Outside the window, birds sang and the sun shone.
Outside the window, birds were singing, and the sun was shining.
Outside we have a car loaded with all our stuff.
Outside, a hurricane is raging.
Outside, cars rumbled and rattled as they passed by.
Outside, it was extremely dark.
Outside, it's cold and wet.
Outside, someone is raking leaves.
Outside, standing in front of a locked door, is a wet dog, craning its neck and howling.
Outside, the storm was rumbling.
Outside, the wind is raging.
Outside, there's a bad smell.
Outside, there's a long line of people waiting to get in.
Outside, there's a long line to get in.
Outside, there’s a long line to get in, even on a weekday afternoon.
Outsiders are not allowed here.
Outsiders make Tom nervous.
Outsiders should keep their mouths shut.
Outsiders tend to scoff at Esperanto as an idealistic waste of time.
Outstanding!
Outta my way!
Outwardly she remained calm.
Outwardly, he is unprepossessing.
Ouyahia is Algeria's former prime minister.
Ouyahia's government was a government of thieves.
Over $30 million in priceless art was stolen from that museum last year.
Over 1,910 records.
Over 100 meteorites hit the Earth each year. Fortunately, most of them are very small.
Over 100 people were present at the party.
Over 100 tons of dust and sand-sized particles bombard the earth every day from space, most of which goes unnoticed.
Over 12,000 plains bison are managed in 19 conservation herds over more than 4 million acres of federal lands stewarded by the National Park Service, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and Bureau of Land Management; additional conservation herds are collaboratively managed by states, NGOs and tribes.
Over 1500 children have already died.
Over 16,500 different technical and scientific experiments were carried out aboard Mir.
Over 17 years and seven albums, Mary Gauthier has earned a reputation for baring her soul in song.
Over 17 years, a team of scientists continued to excavate, analyse and piece together portions of the small woman, according to Haile-Selassie, who is now the curator and director of physical anthropology at the Cleveland Museum of Natural History.
Over 20% of the Gairdner Foundation winners have subsequently won a Nobel Prize for their scientific contributions.
Over 200 Afghan diplomats seek political asylum abroad.
Over 200 newspapers are published in Bangladesh.
Over 200 universities have signed briefs in support of Harvard and MIT's lawsuit challenging a U.S. guideline to not grant visas to international students whose coursework will be all online.
Over 200,000 people died in the Algerian civil war of the 1990s.
Over 30 Native American tribes descended upon Gallup, New Mexico to put together a glamorous pageantry that touched all aspects of Indian culture.
Over 30 people committed suicide.
Over 300 people were arrested.
Over 4 million Australians communicate in a language other than English.
Over 40 countries have imposed travel bans on people arriving from Britain, after the government announced last week it had detected a new, more contagious strain of the coronavirus.
Over 40 million people live in Algeria.
Over 40 per cent of students go to university.
Over 50 baboons have escaped from the Paris Zoological Park.
Over 68 percent of Earth's freshwater is locked up in ice and glaciers; and another 30 percent is in groundwater.
Over 75% of farms bred pigs and dairy cows.
Over 95% of Titan's atmosphere is nitrogen.
Over a 20 year period of time, Tycho Brahe made consistent observations which supported the heliocentric theory proposed earlier by Copernicus. These observations were made using only a compass and a sextant.
Over a century after its big sister made its way from France to New York City, a miniature version of the Statue of Liberty has made the same journey, but this time to Washington, D.C.
Over a long period of time, I had the habit of going to sleep early.
Over a million and a half Algerians died in the Algerian war of liberation.
Over a period of one year, Sami sent Layla two hundred letters.
Over an eight year follow-up period, almost one-half of federal offenders released in 2005 (49.3%) were rearrested for a new crime or rearrested for a violation of supervision conditions. Almost one-third (31.7%) of the offenders were also reconvicted, and one-quarter (24.6%) of the offenders were reincarcerated over the same study period.
Over and out.
Over and over again, he read the letter she had mailed him, but he still did not understand it.
Over dinner, William opened up about his aspirations.
Over four hundred participants competed in the race.
Over half of Ashkenazi Jewish DNA is shared with Bronze Age Canaanite remains.
Over half of the world's population don't have access to knowledge and information because it's not available in their language.
Over half the class didn't come to school today.
Over half the class didn't do their homework.
Over half the class didn't read the book.
Over half the students failed the test.
Over here you may smoke.
Over here!
Over here, Tom.
Over here, ma'am.
Over here, sir.
Over in Paris they speak French.
Over its 26 years of service Hubble’s numerous discoveries and the breath-taking and detailed images it has gathered has provided scientists with incredible new insights into the universe.
Over my dead body shall I witness such a shameful sight.
Over my dead body!
Over my dead body.
Over night, there's supposed to be a deep freeze.
Over one hundred people came here.
Over seven years ago, the United States pursued al Qaeda and the Taliban with broad international support. We did not go by choice, we went because of necessity.
Over seventy-five per cent of farms bred pigs and dairy cows.
Over sixty people were arrested.
Over ten million copies of the song were sold.
Over ten percent of them can do the work.
Over ten thousand messages are sent every second on Facebook.
Over the centuries, Tibetan monks have created mandalas, fanciful images of the universe with complex iconography.
Over the centuries, mathematicians, scientists and others have enjoyed the challenge of trying to calculate π to as far of a decimal point as possible.
Over the course of 13 years, an average of 607,000 records per year were added.
Over the course of a year, much of the burned debris has been removed.
Over the course of about 11 years, our Sun cycles from a relatively quiet state to a peak in intense solar activity called a solar maximum.
Over the course of his screed, Putin claimed that Ukraine is a historic accident.
Over the course of history, millions have died in meaningless dynastic power struggles.
Over the course of my day, I'll put on music as a personal motivation tool to achieve better results in my own writings and to make my own writings more sophisticated.
Over the course of my life, I've known more unfortunate events than fortunate events.
Over the course of one solar cycle (one 11-year period), the Sun’s emitted energy varies on average at about 0.1 percent. That may not sound like a lot, but the Sun emits a large amount of energy – 1,361 watts per square meter. Even fluctuations at just a tenth of a percent can affect Earth.
Over the course of seven years of planned mission duration, the spacecraft will make 24 orbits of our star.
Over the course of the next few months many things happened to me.
Over the course of their lives, people change.
Over the course of your career life, some people will always try to put you in evidence while some others will try to undermine your worth.
Over the decades, the media in the Philippines experienced more indigenization. In the 1970s when I lived there, many television shows from abroad were in English, although local programs were in Tagalog. A generation later, American programs, Japanese anime, and Korean dramas are all dubbed in Tagalog.
Over the decades, there have been many changes, but still no real change, as there are no people on Luna today.
Over the din of a lunch line of second-graders, Jeffrey Proulx shows off the smorgasbord of locally raised products being served at Ruth Ann Monroe Primary School in Hagerstown, Maryland.
Over the evening it will stop snowing.
Over the fireplace hangs a clock.
Over the following decades, the tin deposits in the mine become exhausted.
Over the grand staircase are a fine coffered ceiling and another in the form of a cupola.
Over the great plain at a breakneck speed, and down toward the little settlement of Clontarf’s Post, rode a youthful horseman whose fair young face was aglow with health, and whose dark, bright eyes roamed restlessly over the green expanse before him.
Over the green squares of the fields and the low curve of a wood there rose in the distance a grey, melancholy hill, with a strange jagged summit, dim and vague in the distance, like some fantastic landscape in a dream.
Over the holidays I didn't do anything.
Over the holidays, I spent days doing nothing.
Over the holidays, I'll learn to swim.
Over the last 2 years we watched him change.
Over the last 20 years, the koala population in New South Wales has fallen by 25 percent. About 36,000 koalas remain.
Over the last 60 years, the world's shark population has plummeted by nearly 80 percent, according to a study by the Pew Environment Group. The group believes sanctuaries for sharks could help them.
Over the last century, human activities such as shipping, recreational boating, and energy exploration have increased along our coasts, offshore, and deep ocean environments. Noise from these activities travel long distances underwater, leading to increases and changes in ocean noise levels.
Over the last decade NASA launched a series of satellites that offer an unparalleled view of Earth from space. That series, known collectively as NASA's Earth Observing System (EOS), has provided striking new insights into many aspects of Earth, including its clouds, oceans, vegetation, ice, and atmosphere.
Over the last decade, China has been North Korea's primary trading partner.
Over the last decade, Estonia has reported that heroin has largely been replaced by fentanyl on the illicit market.
Over the last decade, an average of one snow leopard a day is believed to have been killed around the world.
Over the last few decades, Thailand has reduced poverty substantially.
Over the last hundred years, there have been twenty-seven recorded deaths from spider bites in Australia.
Over the last month, I have eaten Chinese, French, Italian, Greek, Hungarian and Mexican food.
Over the last while my GPA has dropped significantly.
Over the millennia, Pulwarty notes people have found ways to adapt to risks from drought and other natural disasters.
Over the music, Diego heard Melissa's distinct voice.
Over the next 10 years, Generation Z will grow in size and racial diversity to tip today’s minority population into a majority.
Over the next few months, we'd like to make more presentations about cataclysmic destructive events, because honestly, it's a lot of fun to make these.
Over the next few years, I'd like to increase my net worth significantly.
Over the next fifteen years, architects, planners and community developers will work together to transform 346 acres of industrial wasteland into 6,500 homes, two shopping centres, a marina, a primary school and college, and parkland.
Over the next four months, Yanni and Skura spent more and more time together.
Over the next three days, fire-fighting crews struggled to keep the flames from burning down.
Over the next three months, Fadil and Dania fell deeper in love.
Over the next two months, Parker Solar Probe will fly towards Venus, performing its first Venus gravity assist in early October – a maneuver a bit like a handbrake turn – that whips the spacecraft around the planet, using Venus’s gravity to trim the spacecraft’s orbit tighter around the Sun.
Over the past 10 years, South Africa has seen its major cities sprawl, their populations grow, and traffic on road and rail networks explode. Nowhere is this more evident than in the greater Johannesburg-Pretoria area. Passengers on overfilled commuter trains hang on the outside of carriages, and vehicles clog the roads. A rapid rail network under construction is meant to ease congestion.
Over the past 15 years, CCF has donated more than 400 dogs to Namibian livestock farmers. As a result, there has been up to an 80 percent decrease in livestock losses and farmers have developed more tolerance for having cheetahs around.
Over the past 20 years Vincent and her husband have transformed their 1-hectare backyard into a wooded wildlife habitat to attract birds and butterflies.
Over the past 50 years, American and Soviet scientists have utilized the animal world for testing.
Over the past 60 years, Alaska has warmed more than twice as rapidly as the rest of the United States. The state’s largest industries, energy production, mining, and fishing are all affected by climate change.
Over the past century, global average temperatures have risen from near the coldest to the warmest levels in the past 11,300 years.
Over the past decade, the World Health Organization reports 2.5 million people have died in drowning incidents.
Over the past few days she has been brought to tears on a number of occasions by comments made by others contestants regarding her accent, her skin color and other remarks seen as derogatory.
Over the past few months, I've dedicated myself to studying some psychology.
Over the past few years we've discovered several dwarf planets. One of them, Eris, is even bigger than Pluto.
Over the past few years, prices for essential manufactured goods and food have risen, even as the price of rice has remained stagnant.
Over the past few years, the company's profits have steadily increased.
Over the past months, I have exhausted every possibility.
Over the past ten years, people have become increasingly aware that they need to change their eating habits.
Over the past three decades, the study found, the burden of hypertension has shifted from wealthy nations to low-and-middle-income countries. Majid Ezzati, professor of global environmental health at Imperial College London, said that while hypertension has decreased in wealthy nations, it has increased in many of the poorer countries.
Over the past two decades, China has become the world’s largest exporter and supplier of key components for various products manufactured in many parts of the world.
Over the piano was printed a notice: Please do not shoot the pianist. He is doing his best.
Over the summer months, Tom began seriously studying French.
Over the summer months, Tom began studying Esperanto in earnest.
Over the summer months, Tom began to seriously study Esperanto.
Over the summer months, Tom began to seriously study French.
Over the summer, Tom began seriously studying French.
Over the summer, Tom began to seriously study French.
Over the weekend I have a lot to wash.
Over the weekend I went out to dinner with this married couple that I met through a mutual friend and we all wound up going home together.
Over the wide expanse there was no sound and no movement.
Over the years my mother lied to me about so many things.
Over the years since my fellowship ended, they have continued to be my biggest cheerleaders on my scientific journey.
Over the years there have been a number of theories about the Cambrian Explosion. The researchers said that those concepts, which fall into three main categories — geological, geochemical and biological — are separate and exclusive processes that also suggest a single cause of the explosion.
Over the years we have tried many different strategies.
Over the years we've seen many changes.
Over the years, Algiers grew in all directions.
Over the years, Brac Bank has emerged as the largest financier of collateral-free CMSME loans in Bangladesh.
Over the years, Clark has developed a liking for some invasive plants, like the white mulberry tree.
Over the years, I got lost in my own personal identity.
Over the years, I've got used to this kind of life.
Over the years, I've got used to this way of life.
Over the years, Oleg kept thinking about that story.
Over the years, Tom has bought Mary a lot of jewelry.
Over the years, Tom has bought a lot of jewelry for Mary.
Over the years, Tom has learned to write so that he tugs at his readers' heartstrings.
Over the years, Vladimir has collected a huge amount of dirt on Martha.
Over the years, calendars have become popular gifts because many are filled with beautiful pictures.
Over the years, his anger has intensified.
Over the years, the Moon has fallen into a synchronous orbit with Earth.
Over the years, the WHO has helped eradicate smallpox, reduced polio cases by 99% and been on the front lines of the battle against such outbreaks as Ebola.
Over the years, the cookbook became worn and stained from all the use it had gotten, but Matthew never replaced it.
Over the years, the pain of loss will become less.
Over the years, their once strong bond began to drift apart.
Over the years, they lost touch.
Over the years, they've drawn several maps of the moon.
Over the years, you haven't changed at all.
Over there is a lift.
Over there is a place where several colonies of birds nest.
Over there is the lift.
Over there is the person I've been waiting for.
Over there is the person I’ve been waiting for.
Over there on that tree, there are some slime molds in their sexual reproductive state.
Over there!
Over there, I am sure we will find something to eat.
Over there, they don't say that it's prohibited. In fact, they say that it's mandatory.
Over thirty people have applied for that job.
Over thirty people have been arrested so far.
Over thirty people have been arrested.
Over thirty people showed up.
Over thirty people were arrested.
Over three hundred people lost their lives that day.
Over three million Indonesians have become new tax payers in the last year, according to the Directorate General of Taxation.
Over three thousand people attended the concert.
Over three-fourths of Canada's merchandise exports are destined for the US each year.
Over time, Islam became less and less important in his life.
Over time, Sami and Layla's relationship became closer.
Over time, daguerreotypes may suffer damage because of environmental conditions, such as heat and bright light. Some of the damaged images can become unrecognizable.
Over time, he got used to the new environment.
Over time, he learned Berber.
Over time, his anger has grown stronger.
Over time, itinerant groups often develop their own language and culture distinct from their settled counterparts.
Over time, science and technology developments have enabled us to create more-sensitive observing tools that far exceed the capabilities of relatively simple telescopes, providing the ability to see things we had never even dreamed of previously.
Over time, that calcium carbonate forms tall, rocky seamounts around the methane vents. Victoria Orphan suspected that these rocky areas served as a shelter for sea life. So she found a submersible — a small vehicle like a submarine — and went down 800 meters to the sea floor to prove it.
Over time, the memories have leached from my mind.
Over time, the planet’s atmosphere was stripped away because it lacks a magnetic field like Earth’s, making it seemingly inhospitable.
Over time, the swelling subsided, and Miroslav's foot slowly began to heal from the centipede bite.
Over time, the two languages combined and shared words. Some researchers believe that about 10,000 French words eventually entered the English language.
Over time, things only got worse.
Over time, wave action undercuts sea cliffs and thereby causes them to fall into the ocean.
Over time, wooden doors can warp or swell, making the door difficult to close.
Over twenty Algerians have tested positive for coronavirus.
Over two hundred guests attended Tom and Mary's wedding.
Over-analyzing dumb stuff is a hobby of mine.
Over-cooked fish can be too dry and tasteless.
Over-sleeping is no excuse for being late.
Over-the-counter pain meds won't work for this.
Over-the-counter pain relievers aren't helping.
Overall I have 5 children.
Overall we are on schedule.
Overall, Dmitri had a very good day at the beach.
Overall, I was mostly fine.
Overall, Ireland is a well developed country.
Overall, Kepler has added more than 1,200 confirmed planets to the extrasolar planet count, which now stands at nearly 3,700.
Overall, Tom lost money.
Overall, about half of people — 48% — say religion is very important to them, down from 62 percent in 1998.
Overall, it was the best decision he made.
Overall, it's a good start.
Overall, my visit to Bangladesh was an incredible experience.
Overall, that is the problem.
Overall, that’s the problem?
Overall, the IMF predicted that the world economy would advance 5.9% this year, down a tenth of a percentage point from its July projection. Its 2022 forecast for 4.9% growth remained unchanged.
Overall, the Kepler space telescope has added more than 1,200 confirmed planets to the extrasolar planet count, which now stands at nearly 3,700.
Overall, the game's technology and society approximates that of an industrial or post-industrial science fiction.
Overall, the movie was a success from script to screen.
Overall, women’s products cost 7% more than similar products for men.
Overcast weather is cozy.
Overcome weakness.
Overcoming life's challenges requires some effort.
Overcoming poverty in Egypt isn't something that would happen overnight.
Overcoming severe radiation damage, the redoubtable orbiter has deployed a probe into Jupiter's atmosphere; studied the hottest volcanoes in the Solar System on Jupiter's moon Io; discovered evidence of subsurface oceans on the moons Europa and Ganymede; and provided new insights into the giant planet's stormy atmosphere, gigantic magnetosphere and energetic particle environment.
Overcoming the belief that femininity is inferior is essential for building a more inclusive and equitable society.
Overcoming the difficult must begin with the easy; achieving the great must begin with the small.
Overcoming the hurt from others can be a tough process.
Overconfidence will betray you.
Overcooked fish can be dry and tasteless.
Overdose deaths from opioids have nearly quadrupled since 1999.
Overdose deaths from opioids killed more than 28,000 Americans in 2014.
Overeating can lead to disease.
Overeating is bad for the body.
Overestimating your strength can cost a lot.
Overfishing also threatens ocean health. It occurs when more fish are caught than the population can replace through natural reproduction.
Overfishing is a major problem.
Overfishing is a serious problem.
Overgenerosity is his greatest flaw.
Overgrazing is a major cause of desertification in Algeria.
Overgrazing is degrading soils in Algeria's high plateaus.
Overgrazing is leading to extreme soil degradation in Algeria.
Overhead the soft wind from the west made a ceaseless, dreamy music and here and there the solemn silence of the forest was broken by the sweet note of some singing bird or the harsh croak of the raven.
Overlap can occur.
Overloaded power boards can be a fire hazard.
Overmuch is bitter, even of pure honey.
Overnight flights are cheaper.
Overnight temperatures fell sharply.
Overnight the rabbits had obliterated Tom's garden.
Overnight tonight, there'll be outbreaks of thundery rain.
Overnight, neighbors started singing together, leaning out through open windows or standing on their balconies.
Overpopulation is a big concern.
Overpopulation is the problem.
Overprotection is counterproductive.
Overrated, yes, but it is a good manga.
Overruled!
Overseas food exports are one of the mainstays of agribusiness.
Overseas service here.
Overseas subsidiaries are putting out top-of the-line products.
Overstaying your visa is a serious offence.
Overtaking here is prohibited.
Overtaking is one of the most dangerous maneuvers.
Overtaking is simpler on a dual carriageway.
Overtaking prohibited!
Overtaxed heart, kidneys and liver are inevitable results of too much food.
Overthinking leads to poor decision-making.
Overthinking made me feel stuck and anxious.
Overthinking makes you a deer in the headlights.
Overthinking prevents you from taking action.
Overtime is rare here.
Overtime! This year we'll win the state championship.
Overtourism is a problem.
Overtraining leads to increased sympathetic activity.
Overwhelmed by fear, Anna darted out of the living room.
Overwork caused her to be absent from work for a week.
Overwork cost her health.
Overwork is going to your head.
Overworking was the death of him.
Ovid was a very capricious child.
Ow!
Ow! An apple fell on my bonce.
Ow! An apple fell on my head.
Ow! Don't grab my tail!
Ow! My neck!
Ow! Stop it!
Ow! That hurts!
Ow! This coffee is hot!
Ow! Yukiko! That hurts! Quit hitting me with your fists!
Ow, my foot!
Ow, my leg!
Ow, ow! I bit my tongue!
Ow, ow, ow! Don't bite my ear!
Ow, that hurts!
Ow, the coffee is very hot!
Owen likes the present.
Owing to a bad cold, he could not take part in the game.
Owing to a change of administrations, he lost his job.
Owing to a misunderstanding, Tom and Mary haven't spoken to each other now for a month.
Owing to a problem with one of the carriages, this train will terminate at this station.
Owing to a shortage of funds, our project failed.
Owing to a strange mental aberration, Tom forgot his own name.
Owing to a technical fault, this train terminates here.
Owing to bad weather, I didn't go.
Owing to bad weather, I didn’t go.
Owing to her nervousness, she made many mistakes.
Owing to illness, he could not come with us.
Owing to its applicability to numerous other scientific disciplines, Chemistry is often referred to as "The Central Science".
Owing to its landmass, the Antarctic has an air temperature lower than that of the Arctic.
Owing to lack of water, we had a poor crop.
Owing to maintenance work, our website is currently unavailable.
Owing to past experience with discrimination, Catholics in the United States tend to be a tolerant bunch.
Owing to technical problems, a film was shown instead of the advertised programme.
Owing to the bad weather, the game was put off.
Owing to the bad weather, the garden party was called off.
Owing to the encroachment of the sea, it had also been found necessary to remove Comboyuro Point Lighthouse and the keeper's cottage some 200 feet further inland.
Owing to the heavy rain, the game was cancelled.
Owing to the heavy rain, the match was cancelled.
Owing to the rain, the athletic meeting was put off.
Owing to the refractory nature of alumina it is with difficulty that it can be diffused in alkaline silicates, borates, or lead silicates.
Owing to the snow, the train was delayed.
Owing to the storm, the ship could not leave port.
Owing to the storm, they arrived late.
Owing to unforeseen circumstances, tonight's meeting has been cancelled until further notice.
Owl chicks are cute.
Owl chicks are the most beautiful in the forest.
Owlets are cute.
Owls are active at night.
Owls are birds of prey.
Owls are birds.
Owls are cute.
Owls are my favorite animals.
Owls are my favourite animals.
Owls are mystical birds.
Owls are nocturnal animals.
Owls are nocturnal creatures.
Owls are supposed to be very wise.
Owls are wise.
Owls can prey on skunks because they have no sense of smell.
Owls can see in the dark.
Owls can't see in the daytime.
Owls cannot see in the daytime.
Owls don't build nests.
Owls feed on lemmings.
Owls have big eyes.
Owls hunt at night.
Own up to your mistakes and learn from them, instead of pointing fingers.
Owners of a private residence spotted the manatee along their dock.
Owners of red sports cars pay higher insurance rates.
Ownership is an option.
Ownership was established by paying for it.
Owning over half the stock, they had a controlling interest.
Owning things isn't a job.
Oww! Oww! Oww! The bath water is too hot.
Oww, it hurts. I'll pay attention next time.
Oxalic acid, or "oxalate," is a naturally occurring plant chemical which, in the human diet, can react with calcium, iron, and other minerals to inhibit mineral absorption. Foods such as tea, beets, rhubarb, strawberries, spinach, and chocolate are known to increase oxalate in the urine and may contribute to kidney stone formation.
Oxen are big, so their horns are big too. Goats are small, so their horns are small as well.
Oxen have a lot of strength.
Oxen pulled the heavy cart.
Oxford is one of the oldest universities in the world.
Oxidation of fatty acids leads to a decrease in the use of glucose on the periphery.
Oxpecker birds rid giraffes of their parasites.
Oxpeckers and giraffes are good friends.
Oxpeckers are a giraffe's best friends.
Oxpeckers rid giraffes of their parasites.
Oxpeckers rid giraffes of their pests.
Oxygen Mask: If extra oxygen masks are needed, the masks will arrive automatically. Pull down the mask and put it over your mouth and nose. Fasten the strap around your head and breathe normally. Put on your own mask before assisting others.
Oxygen and hydrogen make water.
Oxygen as an oxidant is harmful for human cells, too. That's why it must be taken out of the air.
Oxygen exists in two gaseous forms.
Oxygen from the air dissolves in water.
Oxygen is a chemical element with the symbol O.
Oxygen is essential for life.
Oxygen is necessary for combustion.
Oxygen is necessary for life on earth.
Oxygen is needed for combustion.
Oxygen is taken into our lungs when we breathe.
Oxygen is the chemical element with the symbol O and atomic number 8.
Oxygen is very important for life on Earth.
Oxygen levels were decreasing inside the cave.
Oxygen reacts with hydrogen to make water.
Oxygen was later produced and introduced into our atmosphere through two processes; photochemical dissociation, caused by the breakup of water molecules by the sun’s ultraviolet light, and photosynthesis, the process that uses carbon dioxide and water (H₂O) to form organic compounds while also releasing oxygen (O₂).
Oy vey!
Oy vey! That's how you ruin your life!
Oy vey.
Oy, why do you hit me?!
Oyster reefs harbor huge amounts of life. Scores of plants and animals find food and shelter in their nooks and crannies. As the Bay's reefs wore down, that habitat was lost. Further damage came from increasing runoff from coastal farmland, deforestation and development, which silted over the flatter oyster bars, cutting off the creatures' food and dissolved oxygen. Then, in the mid-1900s came the final assault — a pair of parasites.
Oysters are in season now.
Oysters don't agree with me.
Oysters don’t agree with me.
Ozawa had been demobilized from overseas and had just arrived this night into his hometown, Osaka, but he had heard rumors on the train about bandits roaming in the postwar cities and suburbs.
Ozawa had not eaten anything since morning, or rather since the previous night.
Ozone in the stratosphere absorbs some of the sun’s harmful ultraviolet radiation.
Ozone is a molecule comprised of three oxygen atoms that occurs naturally in small amounts.
Ozone is good up high, bad nearby.
Ozone pollution near Earth's surface is one of the main ingredients of summertime smog.
Ozone protects us.
Ozzy Osbourne once bit the head off a bat onstage.
Oá¹ƒ - the gem is in the lotus - hÅ«á¹ƒ
O’Callaghan believes making art accessible online will be a growing trend for museums, and says the galleries plan to digitize every work of art added to the collection in the coming years.
O’Plerou Grebet, a 21-year-old Ivorian student, created Zouzoukwa African emojis to illustrate West African culture.
O’Rourke is like the guy who is all sweet and nerdy but holds you down and makes you cum until your calves cramp.
O’Sullivan said even some who had mild cases of the virus months ago are still showing signs of long-term physical damage.
P, B, and M are bilabial consonants.
P. Brown is younger than he appears.
P. S. I love you.
PARENTAL ADVISORY: If your children use TATOEBA to study languages, please take the time to search any choice words you wouldn't want them to read - and don't be shy! You won't believe some of the uncensored filth they allow on here, since they feel "language is language."
PDAs are not allowed at school.
PDF stands for portable document format.
PETA accused him of setting his mouse on fire.
PHP is a bit complicated.
PHP is a programming language.
PHP is a web programming language.
PHP is the best language in the world.
PIPA is an acronym for the PROTECT IP Act.
PNG's government has recently been forced to adjust spending levels downward.
POW stands for prisoner of war.
PS: I love you.
PTAs in various places are discussing school regulations.
PTSD can steal your life.
PTSD is a thief.
PTSD stands for post-traumatic stress disorder.
Pa-aling is a controversial fishing method.
Pablo Escobar's cocaine empire was a house of cards.
Pablo Neruda was Chile's ambassador to France in 1971.
Pablo Neruda won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1971.
Pablo Picasso was a great painter.
Pablo and MarÃ­a were here.
Pablo and María were here.
Pablo came back with his father.
Pablo came home drunk.
Pablo comes from some banana republic of a country.
Pablo learned to read when he was five years old.
Pablo only likes strange pets: tarantulas, iguanas, stick insects, sugar gliders and creatures like that.
Pablo studied until he was called up to the army.
Pablo went back with his father.
Pablo, the table isn't for sitting!
Pac-Man, when a certain condition is reached, can counter attack and eat the monsters chasing him.
Pace yourself.
Pace yourselves.
Pachacuti was the ninth ruler of the Inca trilogy of Mexico.
Pachamama is a goddess of earth and fertility revered by the indigenous peoples of the Andes.
Pacific Saury is a blue fish.
Pacific Saury is a type of blue fish.
Pacific leatherbacks face significant threats from entanglement and/or hooking in fisheries (bycatch), direct harvest - including eggs and adults - coastal development, pollution, marine debris, disease and climate change.
Pacifism is an untenable ideology.
Pacifism is the only rational position to take in this situation.
Pacifism is unrealistic.
Pacifists are like sheep who believe that wolves are vegetarians.
Pack also accused his predecessors of "rubber stamping" J-1 visas and said the agency was using the process as a "pathway to citizenship."
Pack an extra pair of socks.
Pack and get dressed before your parents hear us.
Pack eggs in dozens.
Pack it in, pack it out. Leave no trash behind.
Pack light.
Pack me a lunch.
Pack my stuff for me.
Pack my things and I'll send for them later on.
Pack only the bare essentials.
Pack only what's necessary.
Pack some sunscreen.
Pack the doughnuts and the sandwiches separately.
Pack the doughnuts separately.
Pack them in the box.
Pack up and leave now.
Pack up and prepare to leave.
Pack up the bags. We're going back to Boston.
Pack up your crap and leave.
Pack up your gear.
Pack up your things and get out!
Pack what you need.
Pack your bag and get going.
Pack your bag and get out.
Pack your bag and leave.
Pack your bags and get out.
Pack your bags and leave.
Pack your bags right away.
Pack your bags, we're going camping!
Pack your bags.
Pack your bags. You're fired.
Pack your belongings.
Pack your clothes.
Pack your gear.
Pack your rods and let's go on a fishing adventure.
Pack your sleeping bag, we're going camping, son!
Pack your stuff and get going.
Pack your stuff and get out.
Pack your stuff and go.
Pack your stuff and leave.
Pack your stuff from this school and leave.
Pack your stuff!
Pack your stuff, dear. I ordered plane tickets for us. We'll spend our honeymoon in Paris.
Pack your things and clear off!
Pack your things and get out of here.
Pack your things and get out.
Pack your things and go.
Pack your things and leave.
Pack your things.
Pack your things. You're sacked.
Pack's leadership at USAGM raised early alarms among the networks' journalists and press freedom groups, who condemned his replacement of network heads and formerly bipartisan boards at the networks.
Packages of humanitarian aid are arriving from all over.
Packaging can actually prevent certain kinds of waste.
Packed into wooden fishing boats like sardines, the immigrants undergo the dangerous voyage there.
Packing a moving truck is like playing Tetris.
Packing my stuff up took me forever.
Packing sucks.
Paco draws cityscapes.
Pad Thai is my favorite Thai food because it's a bit tangy and quite filling.
Pad thai is my favorite food.
Paddle your own canoe.
Pademelons are adorable, aren't they?
Paderborn's cathedral dates from the 13th century.
Paederasty was socially accepted in ancient Greece.
Paedophilia is a crime.
Paella often includes snails.
Paganini dazzled his audience with (among other things) a veritable hailstorm of left-handed pizzicatos.
Paganism is closer to nature than Christianity.
Paganism refers to the ancient religions of indigenous Peoples, from Indian Shamanism to Celtic Druidry, in which multiple gods personify nature. Pagans believe that human life closely connects with the environment, and they emulate natural cycles through rituals of chants, dances, and symbols of nature.
Pagans have deified life and Christians have deified death.
Page not found.
Pages are usually at least 4 KiB (4Ã—1024 bytes) in size, and systems with large virtual address ranges or large amounts of real memory generally use larger page sizes.
Pages are usually at least 4 KiB (4×1024 bytes) in size, and systems with large virtual address ranges or large amounts of real memory generally use larger page sizes.
Pah, think of your health for once!
Paid leave is a popular cause célèbre among some political parties, but with so many people out of work, should it be?
Paid maternity leave is a benefit available in almost all countries, except the United States.
Paige delighted James with her funny jokes.
Pain changes people.
Pain don't hurt.
Pain is an entirely personal sensation.
Pain is an unpleasant thing.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
Pain is never temporary.
Pain is not a punishment; Pleasure is not a reward.
Pain is not lessened by crying.
Pain is one of the few things guaranteed in life.
Pain is something we all have to learn to deal with.
Pain is weakness leaving the body.
Pain management is the priority.
Pain over the hip joint could mean bursitis.
Pain shot through his finger.
Pain shot through his fingers.
Pain will make you do stupid things.
Pain, pain, go away.
Painful and murderous war is purple, the color of peace is a luminous sky blue.
Painful though it was, the mouse continued to eat away at the cactus.
Painful though it was, the mouse continued to nibble the cactus.
Pains of love be sweeter far / Than all other pleasures are.
Paint one end of the rod red and the other end blue.
Paint our house. Use the orange paint.
Paint splatters decorated the workshop floor.
Paint the ceiling first.
Paint the eggs with brush number 14.
Paint the fence.
Paint the trees against the background of the blue sky.
Paint this room with a brush.
Paint, please.
Painted flowers have no scent.
Painted white, this house looks bigger.
Painted wooden signs around town point to the region’s attractions: boating, snowmobiling and, of course, fossils.
Painters and sculptors under the Nazis often depicted the nude, but they were forbidden to show any bodily imperfections.
Painters illustrate.
Painters know best about colors.
Painters such as Picasso are rare.
Painters wear work clothes covered in paint from previous jobs.
Painting Easter eggs is fun.
Painting is another thing I can do fairly well.
Painting is another thing that I can do relatively well.
Painting is his vocation, but playing music is his passion.
Painting is my passion.
Painting is the art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather, and exposing them to the critic.
Painting is very easy when you do not know how to do it. When you know, it's very difficult.
Painting is your real calling.
Painting our house took a lot longer than we expected.
Painting our house took longer than we expected.
Painting our house took much longer than we expected.
Painting was the great love of his life.
Painting your house is a lot of work.
Paintings adorned the walls of the palace.
Paintings should not be exposed to direct sunlight.
Pair up.
Pak Su is not at home.
Pak choi is a vegetable used in Chinese cooking.
Pakistan is a Muslim country.
Pakistan's GDP growth has gradually increased since 2012 and was 5.3% in 2017.
Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan announced Sunday his government had decided to give “provisional provincial” status to part of Pakistan-administered Kashmir.
Pal, you're a pussy.
Pal, you’re a pussy.
Pale ale is a low-alcohol beer.
Pale at the sight we fly; unswerving, these / glide on and seek Laocoon. First, entwined / in stringent folds, his two young sons they seize, / with cruel fangs their tortured limbs to grind.
Pale death comes to both the huts of the poor and the castles of kings.
Paleo-Hebrew is a script, not a language.
Paleo-Hebrew is a writing system, not a language.
Paleontologist Torrey Nyborg is helping with the digitization process by going through drawers filled with fossil crabs and making sure they are identified properly before the specimens are entered into a database at the National History Museum of Los Angeles County.
Paleontologists at Ohio University studied CT scans of the skulls of ankylosaurs — huge armor-plated dinosaurs.
Paleontologists have discovered hundreds of well-preserved pterosaur eggs.
Paleontologists in Montana have discovered a new species of horned dinosaur that makes Triceratops — universally considered to be one of the coolest dinosaurs — look boring.
Paleontologists said the pterosaur was perfectly adapted to flight, with relatively hollow, air-filled bones.
Paleontology is my passion.
Paleozoic rocks make up the eastern part of the Andean Mountains in Peru, while the western range is formed of Mesozoic beds, volcanic ashes and lava of comparatively recent date.
Palestine and Israel are the same land.
Palestine and Western Sahara don't receive the same attention as Ukraine.
Palestine can't be "canceled."
Palestine had a thriving economy.
Palestine had a vibrant culture.
Palestine has a water deficit.
Palestine has featured quite a lot on the news.
Palestine has the indisputable right to defend its territory.
Palestine is a difficult topic to cover.
Palestine is a troubled land.
Palestine is called "Filastin" in Arabic.
Palestine is one of the most water-scarce places in the world.
Palestine is sending a powerful message to the world.
Palestine matters.
Palestine should be the core issue in the Muslim world.
Palestine should be the country of all those who wish to live there peacefully, not a land destined to a religious or ethnic group at the expense of indigenous groups.
Palestine was a thriving country.
Palestine was populated by the Palestinians before the occupation of their lands.
Palestine wasn't uninhabited when it was colonized.
Palestine will continue to fight for its independence.
Palestine will never be destroyed.
Palestine will triumph.
Palestine's freedom is our freedom here in Algeria and everywhere in the world.
Palestinian children are tried in military courts.
Palestinian children are turned away at gunpoint from going to their schools.
Palestinian refugees can't visit Jerusalem.
Palestinian refugees should be allowed to return to their homeland.
Palestinians all have the right to return to Palestine.
Palestinians are everywhere.
Palestinians have seen big changes in Jerusalem and its area.
Palestinians have the right to breathe.
Palestinians have the right to defend themselves against apartheid, ethnic cleansing, settler colonialism and state terrorism.
Palestinians have the right to resist this barbaric occupation of another age.
Palestinians should be free in their country!
Palestinians should be free in their country.
Palestinians should be free!
Palestinians should have all rights in their country!
Palestinians should have all rights in their own country.
Palestinians should have all rights!
Palestinians were exporting barley from the Negev.
Palikir is the capital of the Federated States of Micronesia.
Palindromes are words or phrases that can be read the same backwards and forwards.
Palladium is a transition metal with element symbol Pd and atomic number 46.
Palm Sunday is the Sunday before Easter.
Palm oil and cocoa are emerging as new export products.
Palm oil is destroying the rainforest.
Palm oil production is the leading cause of deforestation in Indonesia.
Palm trees are excellent for landscaping.
Palm trees are growing on that island.
Palm trees bent over the sea.
Pam doesn't use the word "drive", however.
Pam doesn’t use the word "drive", however.
Pamela Heilmann took over as master distiller in late 2016. Before coming to Michter’s, Heilmann worked at the Booker Noe Distillery to produce bourbon for Jim Beam.
Pamela must have been at home when I tried to get in touch with her, but she didn't answer the telephone.
Pamela must have been at home when I tried to get in touch with her, but she didn’t answer the telephone.
Pamela voted for the new left-wing party for being the only one that still hasn’t let her down.
Pamela was pretty shocked when Tom told her about how their lives were being dictated by evil writers, but was even more surprised when she found out she wasn't even a main character in that universe!
Pan is a monkey that can spread butter on bread.
Panama City is the capital of Panama.
Panama is a piker compared to Fifth Avenue.
Panama's National Environmental Authority requires that for each hectare of forest affected by the Canal expansion project, two hectares be reforested. Displaced wildlife has been rescued and relocated. And the new lock systems will allow canal operators to recycle 60 percent more of the canal's fresh lakewater than is possible with today's locks.
Pancake! We're out of vermicelli!
Pancake! We’re out of vermicelli!
Pancakes are served with powdered sugar and butter, and sometimes with syrup.
Pancakes are usually served with icing sugar, butter and possibly syrup.
Pancakes have also been around for a very long time. Researchers believe the world's oldest naturally preserved human mummy ate a pancake-like food as one of his last meals.
Pancakes have also been around practically forever.
Pancakes taste good.
Pancakes, literally, killed Tom.
Panda bears live only in China.
Pandark hits Vortarulo over the head with a 2-by-4.
Pandas are beautiful animals.
Pandas are beautiful.
Pandas are big eaters.
Pandas are cute.
Pandas are not as dangerous as lions.
Pandas are very clever.
Pandas are very powerful.
Pandas are very scary.
Pandas aren't as dangerous as lions.
Pandas don't like bananas, but monkeys do!
Pandas eat bamboo all day.
Pandas feed on bamboo grass.
Pandas live in bamboo groves.
Pandas live in bamboo thickets.
Pandas love bamboo.
Pandas spend at least 12 hours each day eating bamboo.
Pandas were hunted to near-extinction by humans.
Pandas, zebras, skunks, some penguins, and arctic terns are all black and white animals.
Pandemics are not fun.
Pandemonium erupted.
Pandit Raghunath Murmu developed the Ol Chiki script.
Pandora's box is bad for the World.
Panentheism is the belief that everything in the universe is part of God, but that God is more than just the universe.
Pangolins are said to be the world's most trafficked mammal.
Pangolins are the world's most illegally trafficked animal.
Panhandling is forbidden by law.
Panic broke out among the passengers.
Panic is the most dangerous virus.
Panic over transgender bathroom use leads to cisgender women being harassed in public.
Panic rules on the Titanic.
Panic surged through Anna as she watched the large spider move with a slow and deliberate pace.
Panic swept over her.
Panic took hold of me.
Panic washed over Anna as a colossal spider came into view, causing her to freeze in terror.
Panicked swimmers often try to counter a rip current by swimming straight back to shore—putting themselves at risk of drowning because of fatigue.
Panicking isn't going to help.
Panicking never helps.
Panicking will certainly not help.
Panicking won't help.
Panicking would make everything worse.
Panko bread crumbs are a variety of flaky bread crumbs used in Japanese cuisine as a crunchy coating for fried foods.
Panspermia, the idea that biotic matter infested planets from falling objects from space, became taught as fact by the 22nd century.
Pantheism is harmless but not particularly interesting.
Panthers are wild animals.
Pantone classifies thousands of colors with unique numerical identifiers.
Paolo is a nice person.
Paolo told me we'd go hunting the following day.
Paolo was found dead.
Pap screening is a technique in which cells from the lining of the cervix are removed with a spatula and examined under a microscope for abnormalities such as cancer or precancerous changes.
Papa and mama go exercising every morning.
Papa had a classical education.
Papa made sure all the lights were turned off before going to bed.
Papa, I'm not joking! I'm pregnant.
Papa, let's have a face-to-face laugh battle!
Papal Audiences are held on Wednesdays if the Pope is in Rome.
Paparazzi follow me everywhere.
Paparazzi thronged both sides of the red carpet.
Papeete is the capital of French Polynesia.
Paper absorbs oil.
Paper absorbs soda.
Paper absorbs water.
Paper aeroplanes were flying across the classroom.
Paper and fabric absorb water.
Paper and fabric can absorb water.
Paper burns easily.
Paper burns quickly.
Paper burns.
Paper can absorb water.
Paper catches fire easily.
Paper cuts can be painful.
Paper from the olden days lasted longer than modern paper.
Paper is a Chinese invention.
Paper is a medium which everyone can use to express their creativity.
Paper is made from wood.
Paper is patient.
Paper is patient. It can be a long time from the planning stage till the execution of a project. Not everything agreed on paper will be respected and accomplished. There is much written down that is wrong.
Paper is useful for writing.
Paper is very easy to set on fire.
Paper is very flammable.
Paper is white, carbon is black.
Paper is white.
Paper is white; carbon is black.
Paper is, therefore, a veritable miracle created by man.
Paper napkins are sold in packs of ten.
Paper production increases annually.
Paper production remained a state secret for a long time.
Paper shrinks as it dries.
Paper towels absorb water.
Paper was first invented in China.
Paper was invented by the Chinese.
Paper was invented in China.
Paper was invented in ancient China.
Paper wasn't invented by the Chinese, but by the Egyptians.
Paper, a Chinese invention created around two thousand years ago, left an unquestionable mark on every culture.
Paper, cardboard, glass and garden waste are picked up separately.
Paper, glass and plastic are recyclable materials.
Papers were scattered all over the floor.
Papers, please.
Papiamento is a beautiful language.
Papiamento is a creole language.
Papiamento is an official language in Aruba.
Paprika is a common ingredient in Hungarian cuisine.
Paprika is heavily used in Indian cooking.
Papua New Guinea drips of every resource you can imagine.
Papua New Guinea is called "Papua Niugini" in Tok Pisin.
Papua New Guinea is the most polyglot country in the world.
Papua New Guinea is the second largest country in Oceania after Australia.
Papua New Guinea was a German colony.
Papyrus was used as paper and the reed's shape inspired the fluted columns of ancient Greece.
Paquette was so happy and so pretty that everywhere she was called only "la Chantefleurie."
Paracelsus left an intense and long-lasting influence.
Paracelsus pioneered the use of chemicals and minerals in medicine.
Parades of cars started honking their horns as they drove around the city while hundreds of people danced in Istanbul’s main thoroughfare.
Paradise is an ideal, and hell is the opposite of an ideal.
Paradise is other people.
Paradise is where the chef is French, the auto mechanic is German, the banker is Swiss, the lover is Italian and the police are English.
Paradise on earth is where I am.
Paradise resident Lori Hornback walked through one of the empty lots, with only a gray concrete slab left of what was once her family homestead. As she looked at the brown dirt and empty space around her and remembered what used to be here, her heart broke.
Paradoxes are something used as a figure of speech.
Paradoxically, drinkable water is the first thing in short supply after a flood.
Paradoxically, he is right.
Paradoxically, much of what is sometimes called social media is essentially and profoundly anti-social.
Paradoxically, she craves social interaction while refusing to leave her house.
Paradoxically, the President of Turkey is the de jure head of state but has no legal role in government.
Paradoxically, the very individuals who suggest imposing a limit on sentences fail to match the impressive output of the site's most dedicated contributors.
Paraguay achieved its independence from Spain in 1811.
Paraguay has two official languages: Spanish and Guarani.
Paraguay is a Hispanic country that doesn't speak Spanish.
Paraguay is a country in South America.
Paraguay is called "Paraguái" in Guarani.
Paraguay is the fifth largest soy producer in the world.
Parallel lines do not intersect each other.
Parallel lines don't intersect each other.
Parallel parking is considered to be the most difficult part of driving.
Paralympic Games are held after the Olympic Games, showcasing athletes with disabilities.
Paralysed and yet walking, blind and yet standing, deaf and yet hearing, that is a person who is grieving.
Paramaribo is the capital of Suriname.
Paramedics are at the scene.
Paramedics are en route.
Paramedics are now on the scene.
Paramedics are on the scene.
Paramedics are on their way.
Paramedics are trained to handle emergencies.
Paramedics arrived on the scene within minutes.
Paramedics arrived.
Paramedics were called to the site of a light plane crash.
Paramedics were carrying James on a gurney.
Paramedics were going in and out of the building.
Paramedics will be here soon.
Paramedics worked frantically to save Tom's life.
Paramilitary groups emerged and became significant players in Sudan's politics.
Paranoia is a serious disease, Tom. You should consult a doctor.
Paranoia is a serious disease, Tom. You should see a doctor.
Paranoid personality disorders are more common in men than in women.
Paranoid thoughts came to my head.
Paranormal romances interest me.
Paraphrasing is all well and good as long as you don't have the original sentence in sight when you seek to paraphrase.
Parapsychology is a pseudoscience.
Parapsychology is the study of paranormal and psychic phenomenons, including ESP.
Parasites are dangerous.
Parasols provide protection from the sun.
Parcels are handled at the next window.
Pardon all but thyself.
Pardon me a moment, Tom.
Pardon me but your fly is undone.
Pardon me for a moment.
Pardon me for asking.
Pardon me for being in this dress.
Pardon me for being rude.
Pardon me for being so rude.
Pardon me for coming late.
Pardon me for interrupting you.
Pardon me for interrupting.
Pardon me for intruding.
Pardon me for just a moment.
Pardon me for just a second.
Pardon me for not getting back to you sooner.
Pardon me for one second.
Pardon me for saying so.
Pardon me for upsetting you.
Pardon me just a minute.
Pardon me just a moment.
Pardon me just a second.
Pardon me kind sir, but I would be eternally grateful if you would allow me to slake my thirst at your spigot.
Pardon me one second.
Pardon me while I gag.
Pardon me!
Pardon me! I forgot your first name. Oh no, I remember. Your name is Maria.
Pardon me! Sorry.
Pardon me, I came in because I thought the room was free.
Pardon me, I couldn't get it.
Pardon me, I didn't know you were still there.
Pardon me, I have to fart.
Pardon me, but do not forget.
Pardon me, but do you have any fancy mustard?
Pardon me, but that is my racket.
Pardon me, but that's my racket.
Pardon me, but would you mind scooching over just a bit?
Pardon me, can you add another wine bottle please?
Pardon me, can you repeat that?
Pardon me, do you speak English?
Pardon me, how do I get to Downing Street from here?
Pardon me, is that seat taken?
Pardon me, is there an ATM in this area?
Pardon me, is there an ATM somewhere around here?
Pardon me, ma'am. - Yes?
Pardon me, madam, I'm ashamed to be crying like this in front of you, but I can't hold my tears.
Pardon me, please.
Pardon me, squire, but you're starting to get on my nerves!
Pardon me, what happened with our order?
Pardon me, what place is this?
Pardon me, what's the name of this place?
Pardon me, where is your restroom?
Pardon me, would you explain to me the importance of this phrase?
Pardon me. Where are the coin-operated lockers?
Pardon me?
Pardon my French.
Pardon my being late.
Pardon my clumsiness.
Pardon my poor Esperanto.
Pardon my stupidity.
Pardon the bother, and many thanks for your kindness.
Pardon the interruption.
Pardon the intrusion. My apologies for being late for our meeting.
Pardon us for being late.
Pardon!
Pardon, I am late to the meeting.
Pardon, I don't understand what you said.
Pardon, do we know each other?
Pardon, do you have the time?
Pardon, what have you just said?
Pardon, who are you?
Pardon.
Pardon?
Pare and chop fine one quart of sweet apples.
Pare and slice two quarts of tart apples. Add one cup of water and cook slowly until soft.
Pare, core and quarter tart apples, stew until soft and beat smooth.
Pare, core and slice two quarts of apples.
Pareiasaurs crashed through vast conifer and fern forests.
Pareidolia is a type of apophenia.
Parent and child have reunited.
Parental discretion is advised.
Parental love is unconditional.
Parenthood can be very rewarding.
Parenthood involves totalitarianism.
Parenthood is harder than I expected.
Parenthood with its joys and cares was a completely new experience for Mary and Tom.
Parenting is a difficult job.
Parenting is difficult and stressful.
Parenting is really hard.
Parents also arrange marriages, which is a polite way of saying that they sell or trade their children.
Parents and adults punish children when they tell a lie, but it could be argued that often they aren't themselves good examples of sincerity.
Parents and adults punish children when they tell a lie, but it could be argued that often they aren’t themselves good examples of sincerity.
Parents and adults punish children when they tell a lie.
Parents and religious leaders criticized him.
Parents and siblings are family members.
Parents and teachers should nurture curiosity.
Parents are always gushing over their children.
Parents are always worried about the future of their children.
Parents are being overwhelmed by the back to school technology requirements for their children, and many are buying the wrong devices.
Parents are human.
Parents are invited to attend.
Parents are people.
Parents are proud of their children when they do well at school.
Parents are proud of their children when they do well in school.
Parents are responsible for minor children.
Parents are responsible for the safety of their children.
Parents are responsible for their children's crimes.
Parents are responsible for their children's education.
Parents are responsible for their children.
Parents are responsible for their children’s education.
Parents are sacred.
Parents are supposed to protect their children.
Parents are supposed to protect their kids.
Parents are totalitarian dictators.
Parents are usually concerned about their children's future.
Parents are usually concerned about their children’s future.
Parents are usually very wise.
Parents aren't rational because love isn't rational.
Parents aren’t rational because love isn’t rational.
Parents around the world are trying to figure out how to juggle home schooling their children and working at the same time.
Parents can pass many diseases on to their offspring.
Parents don't always know what their children are doing.
Parents don't always know who their kids are spending time with.
Parents don't know what to do with their children.
Parents have a prior right to choose the kind of education that shall be given to their children.
Parents have an obligation to educate their children.
Parents have responsibilities to look to their children's health.
Parents have responsibilities to look to their children’s health.
Parents have various influences on their children.
Parents hope their children will become independent as soon as possible.
Parents in low age brackets have a tendency to spoil their children.
Parents in the UK get a child benefit for children 16 and younger.
Parents look at the new generation as a generation that is far from reality and busy running after unrealistic dreams.
Parents look to the new generation as a generation that is far from reality and busy running after unrealistic dreams.
Parents love their children however naughty they are.
Parents love their children unconditionally.
Parents love their children.
Parents may favor the youngest child in the family.
Parents must accompany their children.
Parents must answer for their children's conduct.
Parents must answer for their children’s conduct.
Parents must be obeyed.
Parents must be totalitarian dictators for part of their child's life.
Parents must communicate with their kids frequently.
Parents must look after the well-being of the their children.
Parents must provide their children with proper food and clothing.
Parents must spend a lot of time talking to their children.
Parents need a lot of patience.
Parents need to collect guns for what?
Parents need to cooperate with each other.
Parents need to encourage their children to read.
Parents need to learn to be parents.
Parents need to set the rules around the house.
Parents need to take care of their children.
Parents of sons stay married more often than parents who have only daughters.
Parents of young children living abroad sometimes avoid speaking to them in their native language, out of fear that it'll stunt their language development.
Parents often make sacrifices to give a good education to their children.
Parents often sacrifice themselves to ensure that their children receive a good education.
Parents often spell out words or sentences they don't want their young children to understand.
Parents provide protection for their children.
Parents punish their children for misbehavior.
Parents should be respected by their children.
Parents should be role models for their children.
Parents should come and pick up their children after band practice.
Parents should deal fairly with their children.
Parents should encourage their children to participate.
Parents should encourage their children to read.
Parents should monitor their children's activities.
Parents should monitor their children's whereabouts.
Parents should spend quality time with their children.
Parents shouldn't let children be cruel to animals.
Parents started escorting their kids to school.
Parents teach children to speak, children teach parents to be silent.
Parents teach their children that it's wrong to lie.
Parents teach their children that it’s wrong to lie.
Parents think of the new generation as one that is widely removed from reality and only chasing after unfulfillable dreams.
Parents try not to think about it, hoping that if they blot the children out, the fateful call or cable will never come.
Parents try to impress upon their children the importance of honesty and hard work.
Parents try to instil a sense of responsibility in their children.
Parents used to tell their children that babies were delivered by a stork.
Parents usually tell their children that babies were delivered by a stork.
Parents want their children to get a good education.
Parents want to protect their kids.
Parents warn their children not to eat food given to them by strangers.
Parents were hopeful about the future.
Parents were invited to attend.
Parents were shocked.
Parents who are lax in raising their children do them a disservice.
Parents who beat their children really make my blood boil.
Parents who work at home get to spend more time with their children.
Parents will be invited to the school celebration.
Parents will no longer be able to sneak a quick puff while waiting to pick up their children at school and teachers will no longer be able to light up between classes. Violators will be fined a hefty $46 (2,000 baht), which is about one and a half week's salary for the average wage earner.
Parents work hard to develop, or instill, positive beliefs and values in their children.
Parents would never abandon their children for anything in this world.
Parents' love can sometimes be so overwhelming that you can't breathe.
Parents, students and universities are scrambling across the United States and abroad as schools cancel classes and send students packing because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Parents’ love can sometimes be so overwhelming that you can’t breathe.
Paris Hilton and Kim Kardashian are some of today's most famous socialites.
Paris butcher shops look surreal in the short hours before the sun rises.
Paris did her best to defend her liberties.
Paris did its best to defend its liberties.
Paris during the Indian summer is an earthly heaven.
Paris fell in 1940.
Paris has a great charm for Japanese girls.
Paris has turned to open-air street urinals, called "uritrottoirs" and "pavement urinals," which are similar to planters with an opening in the front and a floral display on top. The receptacles contain straw, which transforms into compost for later use in parks and gardens.
Paris is France's capital.
Paris is a city that, without a doubt, deserves to be seen.
Paris is a city.
Paris is a jungle.
Paris is a large cultural capital.
Paris is a rather expensive city.
Paris is a romantic city.
Paris is a tourist trap.
Paris is a very ancient and beautiful city.
Paris is an absolutely spectacular city.
Paris is at its best in autumn.
Paris is best in autumn.
Paris is called the City of Lights. Many beautiful buildings are lit at night.
Paris is colder than Algiers.
Paris is in France.
Paris is not a theme park.
Paris is not far from Versailles.
Paris is one of the biggest cities in the world.
Paris is one of the cities I visited last year.
Paris is one of the largest cities in the world.
Paris is one of the most beautiful cities in the world.
Paris is one of the world’s most visited cities.
Paris is our nation's capital.
Paris is pronounced "Paree" in French.
Paris is the capital of France.
Paris is the capital of fashion.
Paris is the capital of our country.
Paris is the center of the world, in a way.
Paris is the city of love.
Paris is the most beautiful city in the world.
Paris is the most visited city in France.
Paris is very beautiful.
Paris isn't France.
Paris isn’t far away, is it?
Paris must be beautiful.
Paris started creating miniatures about 15 years ago when she retired from her publishing and communications management job. "You can create a little world out of your imagination to be whatever you want it to be. I guess that's probably what interests me," she said.
Paris was born, as we know, in the old island of la Cité which has the shape of a cradle.
Paris was the son of Priam, the king of Troy.
Paris wasn't built in a day.
Paris will always be Paris.
Paris wouldn't be Paris without the Eiffel Tower.
Paris, which is on the Seine, is a beautiful city.
Parisians are cheerful people.
Parisians marked dusk on the first day of their coronavirus lockdown this week by stepping out on their balconies and throwing open their windows to cheer and applaud the front-line fighting of doctors and nurses of the virulent viral enemy that has upended life around the world.
Park Street is closed off.
Park Street needs to be repaved.
Park Street used to be a dirt road.
Park Sun-kyung was forced to work from home after someone in her office building in central Seoul contracted the virus.
Park across from the hotel.
Park facilities include restrooms and picnic tables.
Park it here and follow me.
Park next to my car.
Park rangers keep the forest clean and the national park safe.
Park rangers make sure the visitors follow the regulations.
Park the car in the shade.
Park where you want.
Park wherever you like.
Park your bicycle.
Park your bike.
Park your car at the end of the driveway.
Parked cars are in the way.
Parker Brothers ran out of thimbles and tiny cannons, amounting to a multimillion-dollar loss.
Parker Solar Probe carries four instrument suites designed to study magnetic fields, plasma and energetic particles, and capture images of the solar wind.
Parker Solar Probe has been designed to withstand the extreme conditions and temperature fluctuations for the mission. The key lies in its custom heat shield and an autonomous system that helps protect the mission from the Sun’s intense light emission, but does allow the coronal material to “touch” the spacecraft.
Parker Solar Probe is part of NASA’s Living with a Star program to explore aspects of the Sun-Earth system that directly affect life and society.
Parker Solar Probe will largely be alone on its journey.
Parker Solar Probe will set its sights on the corona to solve long-standing, foundational mysteries of our Sun.
Parker greeted him with a smile.
Parking and admission are free.
Parking at the Mall has seven floors and each one is marked with a specific color so that people remember more easily where they left the car.
Parking fines are very costly.
Parking here is prohibited.
Parking in Tipasa was easy and cheap.
Parking in the car park is completely free of charge.
Parking in this plaza after ten o’clock is prohibited.
Parking in this street is not allowed.
Parking in tunnels is prohibited.
Parking is a nightmare.
Parking is absolutely free.
Parking is free for all.
Parking is free.
Parking is not allowed here.
Parking is not allowed in this street.
Parking is prohibited here.
Parking is prohibited on this street.
Parking is prohibited.
Parking is something we're very bad at.
Parking isn't allowed here.
Parking isn't allowed on this street.
Parking might be difficult, so let's get there early.
Parking prohibited!
Parking was a nightmare.
Parking was full.
Parking will be enforced.
Parkinson's mainly affects the dopamine-producing cells in the brain.
Parks and geographic landmarks are the most common attractions on the list. The extreme wilderness of Denali National Park in Alaska, a 6 million-acre preserve with beautiful views, diverse wildlife and North America’s tallest mountain is the top Instagrammed location in Alaska.
Parks are for the city what lungs are for animals.
Parks are ideal for writing.
Parks are places for relaxation.
Parks are to the city what lungs are to the animal.
Parks were crowded amid a spell of spring-like weather over the weekend.
Parkway Hospital has offices in Dhaka and Chittagong, Bangladesh.
Parliament Hill was rocked by scandal this week.
Parliament approved a major government reshuffle Saturday involving 13 ministerial changes.
Parliament approved the austerity measures by a narrow majority.
Parliament approved the new law last week.
Parliament decided to put the decision in the hands of the people.
Parliament had risen.
Parliament has been dissolved.
Parliament has its beginnings in 14th-century England.
Parliament is currently in session.
Parliament is now in session.
Parliament members had a raucous argument over the Wiretapping Law.
Parliament must now support the motion.
Parliament passed the raft of spending cuts by a small majority.
Parliament was dissolved.
Parliamentary activity has become a political tug of war between the ruling and opposition parties over the issue.
Parliamentary elections will be held in Germany in 2017.
Parliamentary immunity is a controversial issue.
Parmenides wrote about 470 B. C. He is represented as a serious and influential man, with a high moral character. He exercised strong influence upon such philosophers as Plato and Democritus, and was a political power in the city of Elea, of which he was a native. He was not a stranger to the Pythagoreans. The large fragment of his poem is the most ancient monument extant of metaphysical speculation among the Greeks.
Parmesan cheese comes from Parma, Italy.
Parola and fellow chef Tim Creehan are teaming up with Illinois state officials in a campaign to whet the public's appetite for the Asian carp. "It’s very palatable and very pleasing when you taste it," he said.
Parrotfish bite and scrape algae off of rocks and dead corals with their parrot-like beaks; grind the inedible calcium carbonate (reef material made mostly of coral skeletons) which is excreted as sand back onto the reef.
Parrots are green everywhere.
Parrots are the only animal that can imitate human speech.
Parrots are very intelligent birds.
Parrots are very smart birds.
Parrots can imitate the human voice.
Parrots can sing.
Parrots do this when they're happy.
Parrots imitate human speech.
Parrots imitate the words of humans.
Parrots often imitate human speech.
Parry, then strike.
Parsley is a medicinal plant of Mediterranean origin.
Parsnip is a biennial species, like carrots.
Parsnip is a biennial species, similar to carrots.
Parsnip is a root employed as a vegetable.
Parsnips are a surprisingly herby vegetable.
Parsnips, squash, carrots, peas and sweet potatoes are considered starchy vegetables.
Part high-tech farm, part laboratory, and part floating classroom, the New York Sun Works Science Barge sports solar panels, wind turbines, a couple of greenhouses and other gear aimed at demonstrating sustainable agriculture in one of the world's most densely-packed cities.
Part of Croatia was rattled by a strong 5.5 earthquake, followed by a series of aftershocks.
Part of Hokkaido still remains in its natural state.
Part of Tom's testimony was stricken from the record.
Part of a multi-billion dollar project aimed at satisfying growing energy needs in the North African kingdom, the Noor I thermo-solar plant is the first of five the country plans to build by the end of the decade as it strives to become a world-class renewable energy producer.
Part of a teacher's job is to prepare students for the future.
Part of healing has always been wanting to be healed.
Part of her treatment required that she undergo radiation therapy.
Part of his account conflicts with what he told me three weeks ago.
Part of his story is true.
Part of me wants to believe you.
Part of me wants to, but...
Part of me wonders if I made a mistake.
Part of my cock was sticking out of the water.
Part of my conviction is a result of my own experience.
Part of our job is to make sure that the town is safe from high water.
Part of our roof was blown off in last night's storm.
Part of recovery has always been wanting to get better.
Part of the Tuareg culture has been lost.
Part of the U.S.-Mexico border lies in the middle of the Gulf of Mexico.
Part of the appeal of these old buildings is the preserved architectural details.
Part of the charm of a big city lies in the variety of styles that can be seen in the architecture of its buildings.
Part of the civil servants' salary is cut.
Part of the crew drowned.
Part of the island was devastated by the tsunamis.
Part of the mountain slid onto the road.
Part of the problem is that social media amplifies the voices of people who are not qualified to have an opinion on scientific matters.
Part of the problem with the world is that businesses are run like businesses.
Part of the roof blew off.
Part of the roof fell off.
Part of the splinter remained underneath the skin.
Part of the splinter was sticking out.
Part of the story is true.
Part of the town was destroyed by the fires.
Part of the train ended up wedged between the station platforms and building structures.
Part of the zoo’s mission is public education.
Part of their amusement also was to set snares for birds in favourable spots, and they often caught wild ducks, wild geese, bustards, and such other feathered game as frequents the lowlands.
Part of this conviction is rooted in my own experience.
Part of what Tom said was true.
Part of why I'm learning Japanese is to read Japanese poetry in the original language.
Part of why corn syrup is in everything is because massive corn monocultures have created a surplus that agriculture companies are scrambling to get rid of.
Part of why he's learning Japanese is to read Japanese poetry in the original language.
Part of your job is to be friendly.
Part of your order has been shipped.
Part-time workers play an important role in the development of the economy.
Participants can be penalized if they do not correctly follow the announcer's instructions, which can sometimes be confusing.
Participants from more than 14 nations attended the seminar.
Participants in a seance try to contact the dead.
Participants in the meeting said some progress had been made, but that more work needs to be done on such difficult issues as antidumping, environmental regulations and agricultural subsidies.
Participants in the pro-choice movement are not limited to women whose choice it concerns, but also include various organizations.
Participants in the tug-of-war strain with all their might.
Participants should bring a gift.
Participants under the age of 16 require a parent's consent.
Participate any way you can.
Participate!
Participating in a game jam is an effective way to gain experience in all areas and stages of game development.
Participating in debate isn't silencing debate.
Participating in the general meeting raised my awareness of the new technologies in data transportation.
Participating in the investigation was the only way to keep abreast of all the facts.
Participation costs 75 euros and includes lunch and the necessary material.
Participation in a strike does not entitle the employer to terminate the employee's contract of employment.
Participation in the production of pornography often involves coercion, exploitation, and trafficking, perpetuating a cycle of harm.
Participation in this study is voluntary.
Participation is mandatory.
Participation is voluntary and free of charge.
Participation isn't compulsory.
Participation isn't mandatory.
Participation isn't required.
Particle accelerators are also known as atom smashers.
Particles can exist in a superposition of states, meaning they can be in multiple states at once.
Particles in the disk clump together, forming planetesimals, which then collide with each other, building up to form the planets.
Particles may be moving fast (high temperature), but if there are very few of them, they won’t transfer much energy (low heat).
Particles of dust float in the atmosphere.
Parties always bring people together.
Parties always depress me.
Parties are a lot of fun.
Parties are for fun.
Parties are fun.
Parties are meant to be enjoyed.
Parties are meant to be fun.
Parties are not allowed to discuss their political propositions during the debate.
Parties are supposed to be fun.
Parties bore me.
Parties can be a lot of fun.
Parties of penguins from Cape Royds rookery frequently landed here, and almost invariably the first thing they did on seeing our tents, was at once to walk up the slope and inspect these, walking all round them, and often staying to doze by them for hours.
Parting is such sweet sorrow.
Parting was hard for him.
Parting wasn't easy for her.
Parting wasn't easy for them.
Parting will be hard for him.
Partisan politics is getting in the way of necessary finance reform.
Partly because he could not receive enough information, Harper's description remains imperfect.
Partly because he could not receive enough information, Harper’s description remains imperfect.
Partners need to trust each other.
Partnership and cooperation among nations is not a choice; it is the one way, the only way, to protect our common security and advance our common humanity.
Partridge meat is better than chicken meat.
Partridges seem to be very skittish.
Parts facing the oncoming flow are said to be windward, and parts facing away from the flow are said to be leeward.
Parts of Scandinavia are enduring scorching temperatures.
Parts of Tom's speech were strikingly similar to the speech that Mary had given at the same event a year before.
Parts of Western Sahara are illegally controlled by Morocco.
Parts of eastern Australia have seen their heaviest downpours in more than 30 years.
Parts of southwestern Japan had up to 10 centimeters of rain per hour, the highest level in decades.
Parts of the Titanic were not accessible to certain passengers.
Parts of the United States are being invaded by a mass brood of cicadas that emerges from the ground once every 17 years.
Parts of the army overthrew the government of Mali in a coup in twenty-twelve.
Parts of the book are quite good.
Parts of the city looked like a disaster zone following the storm.
Parts of the country are so dry as to be almost desert.
Parts of the western United States are seeing record high temperatures in the midst of drought—signaling, experts say, longterm changes in the weather.
Parts of the world are feeling the strain of record-breaking heatwaves, drought, devastating floods and raging wildfires. They are having a widespread impact on human health, agriculture, ecosystems and infrastructure.
Parts of the world ravaged by outbreaks of Ebola can now heave a small sigh of relief thanks to the stockpile of vaccine, the International Coordinating Group (ICG) announced Monday.
Parts of the world that are already hot enough might become unbearably so.
Party at my house tonight! Drinks on me!
Party games bring a party to life.
Party hats are often worn at birthday parties.
Party leaders are grappling with flaws in the party system.
Party leaders are hammering out a proposal for political reform.
Party members are not allowed to vote for themselves.
Party members generally vote as a bloc in Parliament, sometimes after vigorous internal debate, in accordance with the decisions they took in their caucus.
Party streamers hanged from the ceiling.
Party time!
Party unity is threatened when members will not compromise.
Parvati longed to have a slumber party with her friends from school.
Parvati's mother never allowed her to have slumber parties.
Pascal said, "The heart has its reasons that reason does not know."
Pashto and Dari are Afghanistan's official languages, with many Afghans also speaking regional languages and dialects.
Pashto is an Eastern Iranian language.
Pashto is an interesting language.
Pass Tom the salt, please.
Pass by us, and forgive us our happiness.
Pass down the car, please.
Pass from this room who will, I remain here.
Pass him the mic!
Pass it on.
Pass it over here.
Pass it over to me.
Pass it to me.
Pass it!
Pass me a Phillips screwdriver.
Pass me a clothes peg, please.
Pass me a clothes peg.
Pass me a peg, please.
Pass me a peg.
Pass me a pen.
Pass me an ice cube!
Pass me my glasses, please.
Pass me my specs, please.
Pass me some socks, my feet are getting cold.
Pass me that book.
Pass me that hammer.
Pass me that magazine.
Pass me that notebook.
Pass me that object.
Pass me that samosa.
Pass me that sponge.
Pass me that towel.
Pass me that wrench.
Pass me the applesauce.
Pass me the ball.
Pass me the book, please.
Pass me the book.
Pass me the broom and dustpan, please. I spilled some crumbs on the floor.
Pass me the butter, please.
Pass me the butter, will you please.
Pass me the butter, will you please?
Pass me the coffee, please.
Pass me the fucking salt!
Pass me the glue.
Pass me the gravy.
Pass me the ketchup, please.
Pass me the key.
Pass me the milk.
Pass me the pen.
Pass me the pepper grinder.
Pass me the pepper, please.
Pass me the pitcher of water.
Pass me the potatoes.
Pass me the red pen.
Pass me the salt and pepper, please.
Pass me the salt cellar!
Pass me the salt, please.
Pass me the salt, will you?
Pass me the salt, would you?
Pass me the salt.
Pass me the small kiwi and a knife, please.
Pass me the spatula.
Pass me the sugar, Tom.
Pass me the sugar, please.
Pass me the tea towel.
Pass me the towel, please.
Pass me the water.
Pass me the wine, please.
Pass me the wine.
Pass on my best wishes to your mother.
Pass on my greetings to your parents.
Pass on our greetings to your mum.
Pass on, please, and do not obstruct the way.
Pass that over here.
Pass that over to me.
Pass the ball quickly to a person behind you.
Pass the ball to me.
Pass the ball!
Pass the ball.
Pass the beer over here.
Pass the buck.
Pass the cake.
Pass the cole slaw.
Pass the dough over the beaten eggs before frying.
Pass the dressing.
Pass the fare.
Pass the ketchup.
Pass the meat please.
Pass the mustard, please.
Pass the olive oil.
Pass the pepper shaker.
Pass the pepper, please.
Pass the potatoes, please.
Pass the potatoes.
Pass the rope through the ring and tie it.
Pass the salt please.
Pass the salt, please.
Pass the salt.
Pass the sauce!
Pass the sauce, please.
Pass the sugar, please.
Pass the tomato juice.
Pass this to Lucy.
Pass your plate and I'll give you some more meat.
Pass.
Passages from the Gospels were frequently used to whip up the villagers into an antisemitic frenzy, thus keeping them from ever rising up against the nobility.
Passenger Lance Murray, please report to the nearest information desk.
Passenger pigeons became extinct at the start of the 20th century.
Passenger pigeons once numbered in the billions.
Passengers also have to put their seatbelts on.
Passengers are coming on board.
Passengers are packed in like sardines on city buses.
Passengers are reminded not to block the emergency exits.
Passengers became nervous when the plane began to vibrate.
Passengers can take a certain amount of baggage on the airplane.
Passengers exited the airplane quickly.
Passengers for Cambridge, please make your way to platform 6.
Passengers for Cambridge, please make your way to platform No.6.
Passengers for Hogwarts, please make your way to platform nine and three-quarters.
Passengers for the Chuo Line, please change trains at the next station.
Passengers going to the Chuo Line, please change trains at the next stop.
Passengers have to put their seatbelts on, too.
Passengers must have their seatbelts on.
Passengers must take the footbridge to cross the railroad tracks.
Passengers poured out to the road.
Passengers shall not converse with the driver while the bus is in motion.
Passengers should board the train now.
Passengers waited at the gate.
Passengers were arriving and hurrying on board.
Passers-by were confronted with a horrific scene after the high-speed accident.
Passers-by were staring at David.
Passersby will not know that we are filming.
Passing is prohibited here.
Passing the Turing Test suddenly went from a wild fantasy to a boring reality.
Passing the blame on to someone else isn't the solution.
Passing through a stained-glass window, the light becomes multicoloured.
Passing through the strong wind, the planes rock like this, but don't worry.
Passion can be destructive and ferocious when it is motivated by fanaticism and racism.
Passion cannot be sold, it is priceless.
Passion creates suffering.
Passion for books connects us.
Passion for her has blinded him.
Passion for work leads to success.
Passion grew in their hearts.
Passion is destructive; if it does not destroy, it dies.
Passion is one of her characteristics.
Passion keeps Esperanto alive.
Passion makes him blind.
Passion spurs you on. A day of the best!
Passionflix turns your favorite romance novels into movies and series.
Passions are blind.
Passions are blinders.
Passions are blinding.
Passions weaken, but habits strengthen, with age.
Passive clauses delete the subject from the sentence.
Passive clauses make sentences more complicated.
Passive houses don't require any active cooling or heating.
Passive smokers are the victims of active smokers.
Passive sonar systems are used primarily to detect noise from marine objects (such as submarines or ships) and marine animals like whales.
Passive-aggressive notes or comments on assignments are a common tactic used by the English teacher to criticize non-native speakers' work indirectly.
Passover begins on the 15th of Nissan.
Passover is a Jewish holiday that commemorates the liberation of the Jews by God from slavery in Egypt.
Passover is also called the Festival of Spring.
Passover is still far away.
Passport, please.
Passports, please.
Passportu is a very lucky human.
Password must have at least 6 characters.
Password?
Passwords are usually case sensitive.
Past Ithaca we creep, / Laertes' realms, and curse the land that bred / Ulysses, cause of all the woes we weep.
Past exam papers are available in the library.
Past excess brings sorrow. Future excess brings worry. Present excess brings peace.
Past five o'clock, it really started to die down.
Past papers are crucial for good exam preparation.
Past seven.
Past the west coasts of Europe and Africa to the tip of southern Africa.
Past thinking and methods did not prevent world wars. Future thinking must prevent wars.
Pasta heated up again is never any good.
Pasta is Fernando's province.
Pasta is Fernando’s province.
Pasta is called pasta because it's the Italian word for "dough" from which it is made.
Pasta is called pasta because it’s the Italian word for "dough" from which it is made.
Pasta is high in carbohydrates.
Pasta is my favorite food.
Pasta!
Pastafarianism is the only true religion.
Pastafarians believe that an invisible and undetectable Flying Spaghetti Monster created the universe.
Pastafarians believe that the universe was created by the Flying Spaghetti Monster while very drunk.
Paste the link.
Paste these labels on the jars.
Paste this in your scrapbook.
Pasted.
Pasteur experimented with bacteria.
Pasteur showed that animals could be made immune to the poison, and devised a method by which the infection conveyed by the bite could be neutralised.
Pasteurization does not kill all organisms, but reduces their number.
Pasteur’s ideas profoundly influenced western medical thinking.
Pastoralism remains a way of life in East Africa.
Pastoralists and nomads move seasonally to southern Mali or nearby coastal states.
Pastoralists move with their animals from one place to another in search of water and pasture.
Pat Robertson is finally dead.
Pat Robertson's life was tragically long.
Pat Schroeder said that you can't wring your hands and roll up your sleeves at the same time.
Pat is very talkative.
Pat sneezed the napkin off the table
Pat sneezed the napkin off the table.
Pat stripped off his clothes and dived in.
Pat will fill a critical role, leading our efforts to provide timely, accurate information to the media.
Pat's going to Jim's birthday party.
Patagonia, lying in the far south of South America, is a region of unparalleled beauty rich in natural resources.
Patch the call through to my office, will you?
Patchy outbreaks of rain are expected in northern parts this morning.
Patchy outbreaks of rain will soon fizzle out in the west, leaving the rest of the day bright and sunny.
Patel is a stereotypically Gujarati surname.
Pathetic! We should have won. We had the lead the whole game.
Pathological demand avoidance is not an official diagnosis, but a profile used by educators to describe those whose main characteristic is to avoid everyday demands and expectations to an extreme extent.
Paths can twist and turn, leading us astray.
Patience Afor Abdullahi, a midwife and the head of nursing at Abuja National Hospital in the Nigerian capital, has lost track of how many babies she has delivered and she would not trade her job for anything.
Patience and hard work will conquer all.
Patience begins when you think you don't have it.
Patience begins where it ends.
Patience conquers all things.
Patience conquers all.
Patience grows where words falter.
Patience has its limits.
Patience has its rewards.
Patience has limits.
Patience is a minor form of despair, disguised as a virtue.
Patience is a rare virtue these days.
Patience is a remedy for every grief.
Patience is a salve for all wounds.
Patience is a skill you have to train like a muscle.
Patience is a virtue Tom had a lot of.
Patience is a virtue not everyone has.
Patience is a virtue that I can't afford.
Patience is a virtue that I don't possess.
Patience is a virtue which not everyone possesses.
Patience is a virtue.
Patience is a virtue... Just another thing that you apparently lack.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
Patience is bitter, but its fruits are sweet.
Patience is essential for a teacher.
Patience is key in overcoming obstacles and achieving success.
Patience is not learned in safety.
Patience is not my forte.
Patience is not my fortÃ©.
Patience is not my specialty.
Patience is not my strong point.
Patience is not my strong suit.
Patience is not my virtue.
Patience is sometimes the most effective weapon.
Patience is the art of hope.
Patience is the key to success.
Patience is the key.
Patience is the most beautiful virtue.
Patience is the most important thing for a teacher.
Patience is the mother of science.
Patience is the quietest strength.
Patience is vital for a teacher.
Patience isn't Tom's strong suit.
Patience isn't Ziri's strong suit.
Patience isn't one of my virtues.
Patience never was Tom's strong suit.
Patience pays off in the long run.
Patience runs out at some point.
Patience wins out in the end.
Patience!
Patience, Mary, patience...
Patience, Tom.
Patience, my man.
Patience, patience! Everything will get better.
Patient people always win.
Patiently, he collected fact after fact.
Patiently, he collected the facts, one by one.
Patients are queuing to see the specialist.
Patients complain about that nurse all the time.
Patients often die simply because they yield to their diseases.
Patients tell stories.
Patients who have an optimistic, positive attitude generally have a smoother recovery after surgery.
Patients with coronavirus need to be kept in isolation.
Patients with hypertension should be monitored closely when taking this medication.
Patio dining for breakfast is widely practiced in urban areas of France.
Patreon is a membership platform that allows content creators to build a subscription service and in return, members gain access to exclusive perks and behind-the-scenes viewings.
Patriarchy is seen by some ideological groups as necessary for society.
Patricia approached the house.
Patricia will organize the tournament.
Patricia's car skidded on a slippery spot on the road and spun completely around twice.
Patrick cannot write properly.
Patrick worked for the army, but was not a soldier.
Patriotic sentiment has taken the upper hand.
Patriotic sentiment prevailed.
Patriotism in its simple, clear and plain meaning is nothing other to rulers than an instrument for achieving their power-hungry and self-serving goals. To those who are subjected to them, it is a denial of human dignity, reason, and conscience, as well as a slavish submission of themselves to those who are in power.
Patriotism is overrated.
Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
Patriotism is the vice of nations.
Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons.
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all others because you were born in it.
Patriotism is, fundamentally, a conviction that a particular country is the best in the world because you were born in it.
Patriotism means to stand by the country. It does not mean to stand by the president.
Patriotism, often a thinly veiled form of collective self-worship, celebrates our goodness, our ideals, our mercy and bemoans the perfidiousness of those who hate us.
Patriots always talk of dying for their country, and never of killing for their country.
Patriots quarterback Tom Brady could set several records during the game.
Patrolwoman Mary Jackson assisted in the arrest.
Patronise your own.
Patronizing attitudes can hinder productive conversations.
Pattem Digital provides ux design services to ensure your success. Our team creates user-friendly and engaging interfaces. Trust Pattem Digital for your UX design needs.
Patterns of freeze-up and breakup influence the distribution and number of seals, the polar bear's main prey.
Patterns of freeze-up and breakup influence the distribution and number of seals, the polar bear’s main prey.
Patterns of married life are changing a lot.
Patting me on the shoulder, he thanked me for helping him.
Patty exposed her back to the sun on the beach.
Patty finished writing to her friends in Canada.
Patty has gender identity disorder because she's a woman who feels like a man.
Patty is a smart student.
Patty was so short that she couldn't get at the branch.
Patty was so short that she couldn't reach the branch.
Patty was so short that she couldn’t get at the branch.
Patty was so short that she couldn’t reach the branch.
Patzer sees check, patzer gives check.
Pat’s going to Jim’s birthday party.
Paul Levinson said that any attempts to abridge that right — either by governments or through commercial pressure from web providers — will ultimately fail.
Paul Wexler has a junk theory about the origin of Yiddish.
Paul Ziemkiewicz pulls off a winding country road at a stream about 45 kilometers east of Morgantown, West Virginia. The water is about as acidic as vinegar, he says. It's "100% fatal" to aquatic life.
Paul acted like a douchy mean teenage boy.
Paul acted like he remembered.
Paul acted suspicious.
Paul added Amelia as a friend on Facebook.
Paul added a basement to his building.
Paul added random people on Facebook.
Paul admitted that he was too afraid.
Paul advised Rima to keep her house sealed.
Paul aimed his flashlight over there.
Paul almost got everyone killed.
Paul almost lost his legs.
Paul already knew it was Amelia.
Paul also saw Rima on the street.
Paul always takes a gun with him while camping.
Paul and Amelia agreed to meet at the Walmart parking lot.
Paul and Amelia got separated on their way out.
Paul and Amelia had a long discussion about what was going on there.
Paul and Amelia passed by each other.
Paul and Amelia sat there to talk.
Paul and Amelia should watch this show together.
Paul and Amelia texted for a bit.
Paul and Amelia tried to pretend they didn't see each other.
Paul and Amelia turned the conversation sexual.
Paul and Amelia were having a pointless chat.
Paul and Amelia were whispering and giggling.
Paul and Mary are my mother's sister's children. They are my cousins.
Paul and Rima ran out of things to talk about.
Paul and Rima slowly leant in to kiss.
Paul and Rima stopped arguing when they heard shots.
Paul and Rima was unable to agree on the conclusion.
Paul and Rima were fooling around inside their tent.
Paul and Rima were gathering random items to block the door.
Paul and his men finished barricading the area.
Paul and his men were outnumbered.
Paul apologized for being horrible to Rima.
Paul appeared four days later unshaven.
Paul appeared to be a couple of years older than Amelia.
Paul approached Amelia's seat.
Paul approached the front door.
Paul arrived at the dock on his boat.
Paul arrived at the scene first.
Paul arrived in a small boat.
Paul arrived on his boat.
Paul arrived to Algiers.
Paul arrived to pick Rima up.
Paul asked Amelia for her username.
Paul asked Amelia for the details of the party.
Paul asked Amelia if anyone knew she was there.
Paul asked Amelia if she knew anybody at that party.
Paul asked Amelia if she needed help.
Paul asked Amelia to flick on the light.
Paul asked Amelia to give him her watch.
Paul asked Amelia to go and lift up the hood.
Paul asked Amelia to let him use her phone to track his.
Paul asked Amelia to sign.
Paul asked Amelia where she put the basement key.
Paul asked Amelia why she sent him that picture and she responded with another picture.
Paul asked Amelia why she took that road.
Paul asked Rima about her wherabout.
Paul asked Rima for help.
Paul asked Rima if she had any medicine.
Paul asked Rima to stay inside the house.
Paul asked Rima what she saw.
Paul asked Walid to throw Rima out.
Paul asked for help like a child.
Paul asked what Amelia was looking for.
Paul asked what was wrong.
Paul attempted to capture the monster.
Paul attempted to create a time machine.
Paul barely remembered what he was doing.
Paul barricaded himself in another room.
Paul became a lethal carrier of the virus.
Paul befriended Rima.
Paul began his experiments in Rima’s garage.
Paul began his job hunt in April.
Paul began to notice alarming side effects.
Paul bent down a little.
Paul blushed and turned away.
Paul booked it back to his property.
Paul bought a lot of food and refreshments for the party.
Paul bought them a gift.
Paul brought a rifle.
Paul brought five tents.
Paul brought his flashlight.
Paul brought the fungus to a biologist.
Paul burnt the zombies.
Paul busted the door down.
Paul calculated.
Paul called Amelia, but she didn't pick up.
Paul called campus police.
Paul called earlier in the day.
Paul called earlier.
Paul called for a taxi.
Paul called his neighbor to find out if his wife was there.
Paul called out for Amelia again, to no avail.
Paul called out once again.
Paul called out to Amelia that he would be going downstairs.
Paul called out to let anybody know of his presence.
Paul called the house phone and thankfully, his dad picked up right away.
Paul called to meet up with Rima.
Paul came across an abandoned gas station.
Paul came back with the father.
Paul came downstairs.
Paul came from the future.
Paul came here to slay the monster.
Paul came into the bathroom.
Paul came out from behind the bed.
Paul came rushing in.
Paul came to Amelia's mansion.
Paul came to Rome to greet me.
Paul came to pick the laptop up that same night.
Paul came to the unfortunate acceptance that he might have lost his phone the night before.
Paul came up to the bathroom door and stopped.
Paul came up with a solution.
Paul came up with the brilliant idea of exploring those woods.
Paul can take a bath if he wants.
Paul can’t go inside.
Paul caught a lot of fish that night.
Paul caught one of the monsters.
Paul caused a short circuit.
Paul checked all the rooms again.
Paul checked every room.
Paul checked his bedroom last.
Paul checked his phone with was sitting on his chest.
Paul checked on everyone.
Paul checked the bathroom.
Paul checked the bathroom. It was empty.
Paul checked the building, but couldn't find anyone.
Paul checked the map.
Paul checked the stall to see that it was unoccupied.
Paul clearly didn't know what social skills were.
Paul clicked on the link.
Paul clicked one of the links.
Paul clicked out of the browser.
Paul comes here a lot.
Paul comforted Rima as Walid cried.
Paul confiscated Rima’s phone.
Paul continued to crawl away.
Paul continued to get drowsy.
Paul continued to torment Rima.
Paul continued to walk through the woods.
Paul continued walking slowly to the backyard.
Paul converted the basement into a small living space.
Paul could barely distinguish the features of that person.
Paul could hear that dog barking from wherever he was.
Paul couldn't ask any of his siblings to come with him.
Paul couldn't find his iPhone anywhere.
Paul couldn't have been gone for too long.
Paul couldn't see anything in the dark.
Paul couldn’t save Rima.
Paul crashed on the couch before Amelia left.
Paul created a deadlier variant of the virus.
Paul created a particle accelerator.
Paul crossed the shallow stream.
Paul cut past Amelia and into her house.
Paul decided to call Amelia for the first time.
Paul decided to call it a day.
Paul decided to delete that app.
Paul decided to go to sleep, too.
Paul deleted Tinder.
Paul deleted Tor.
Paul deleted his Tinder account.
Paul desperately explained how Rima tricked him.
Paul developed the photos.
Paul devised an intricate plan.
Paul devoted a lot of time to research.
Paul dialled 911 on his phone.
Paul did deliveries in that town very often.
Paul did that for personal gain.
Paul did that without Rima’s knowledge.
Paul didn't become arrogant even though he was rich.
Paul didn't even offer Amelia a cigarette.
Paul didn't feel scared anymore.
Paul didn't get a single match on Tinder.
Paul didn't get much sleep that night.
Paul didn't have a clue what could be the problem.
Paul didn't have an iPhone.
Paul didn't have much going on.
Paul didn't introduce his two friends.
Paul didn't know Amelia was coming.
Paul didn't know if what he was hearing was real or no.
Paul didn't know what to do in the total darkness.
Paul didn't know what to say other than: "What?"
Paul didn't know who he was actually meeting.
Paul didn't leave a voice mail.
Paul didn't look he belonged in a gym at all.
Paul didn't remember adding Amelia on Snapchat.
Paul didn't remember opening the window.
Paul didn't respond after that.
Paul didn't say anything for a minute.
Paul didn't say what the link was to.
Paul didn't see anyone sitting inside the car.
Paul didn't see anything behind him.
Paul didn't stop again that night until he made it to his destination.
Paul didn't stop talking to Amelia.
Paul didn't want to let Amelia know that he was early.
Paul didn't want to live with his parents.
Paul didn't want to open Amelia's picture.
Paul didn't want to play anymore.
Paul didn't want to pull off on the side of the road to sleep.
Paul didn’t become arrogant even though he was rich.
Paul didn’t hesitate to hit Rima.
Paul didn’t provide Rima with any medicine.
Paul didn’t want to leave Rima.
Paul disagreed with the idea.
Paul disappeared in the water.
Paul discovered a scientific breakthrough.
Paul doesn't concern himself with that.
Paul doesn't fully remember what Amelia was doing.
Paul doesn't have social media.
Paul doesn't know how Amelia knew of those men.
Paul doesn't know what Amelia was planning on doing.
Paul doesn't like beer.
Paul doesn't like cakes with raisins in them.
Paul doesn't like cakes with raisins.
Paul doesn't like that book.
Paul doesn't live in a bad neighborhood.
Paul doesn't speak Portuguese well.
Paul doesn't use that app anymore.
Paul doesn't want to make a new Snapchat account.
Paul doesn’t have a ticket.
Paul doesn’t like Rima anymore.
Paul doesn’t want to hear about Rima’s new boyfriend.
Paul dove to turn off his lamp.
Paul downstairs with a flashlight.
Paul drank two bottles of water.
Paul drew a Satanic sign on the table.
Paul drives a semi.
Paul dropped the gasoline can.
Paul drove across many wilayas.
Paul drove back to town.
Paul drove slow.
Paul easily overpowered Amelia and pushed his way out of the house.
Paul eats bread and butter, a few slices of cheese and cold cuts for breakfast.
Paul eats.
Paul emerged from one of the rooms.
Paul emerged from the trees and ran towards Amelia's truck.
Paul ended up coming with Rima.
Paul ended up following Rima.
Paul ended up hitting Rima as she was crossing the road.
Paul enjoyed a relaxing day on the beach with his friends.
Paul escaped and was never caught.
Paul eventually opened the window.
Paul examined his surroundings.
Paul examined the monster’s corpse n the lab.
Paul experienced that for himself.
Paul explained in full what happened.
Paul explained the device to Rima.
Paul expressed his concern that the fish would disappear in four years if sea pollution continues in the area.
Paul faced difficulties.
Paul feared that he might get attacked.
Paul fell asleep on the side of the road.
Paul felt butterflies in his stomach.
Paul felt he was about to throw up.
Paul felt like his heart stopped.
Paul felt responsible for his sister and her friends.
Paul felt satisfied with the party.
Paul felt something brush up past him.
Paul felt something tugging on the boat.
Paul filled his apartment with cheap furniture.
Paul finally offered Amelia a ride.
Paul finally turned around.
Paul finished his set.
Paul finished the work in a couple of weeks.
Paul fired warning shots into the air.
Paul followed Amelia to her truck.
Paul followed Rima to an abandoned building.
Paul followed the direction Amelia gave him.
Paul found a bag of phones.
Paul found a link to a chat room.
Paul found a slimy substance on the floor.
Paul found a stairway that led to the next level.
Paul found evidence of the sea creature.
Paul found flattering photos of himself on Amelia's phone.
Paul found nothing in the closet.
Paul found several other dead dogs in that area.
Paul found that hilarious.
Paul found the bathroom right away.
Paul gave Amelia a big hug and kiss.
Paul gave Amelia another thirty seconds.
Paul gave Amelia dirty looks as he walked past her.
Paul gave Amelia his snap.
Paul gave Amelia water and drove her to the nearest town.
Paul gave Rima a chance for vengeance.
Paul gave Rima medicine.
Paul gave Rima some water.
Paul gave a description of the suspect to the police.
Paul gave his grandma a rocking chair.
Paul got a text from Amelia. It was a link.
Paul got attacked.
Paul got back in the house.
Paul got back to Amelia surprisingly fast.
Paul got back to the living room and shook Amelia awake.
Paul got dressed into jeans.
Paul got frustrated.
Paul got help.
Paul got hit by a Jeep.
Paul got inside the house.
Paul got off the swing and walked towards Amelia.
Paul got on the phone with the police.
Paul got on the wrong bus.
Paul got out of the truck and slowly walked towards Amelia's front door.
Paul got really drunk.
Paul got suspended multiple times.
Paul got to the bottom of the stairs.
Paul grabbed Amelia's shoulders and squeezed her with a tight grip.
Paul grabbed a syringe to attack Rima.
Paul grabbed his gun and ran outside.
Paul had a digital watch.
Paul had a few more minutes to kill in the airport.
Paul had a really low snap score.
Paul had a really old iPhone.
Paul had a trip to Disneyland.
Paul had a very wide smile.
Paul had an iPhone.
Paul had fifty messages waiting for him.
Paul had five photos on Tinder.
Paul had his friend Walid over.
Paul had his hazards on.
Paul had his truck's hazards on.
Paul had never been inside it, but he used to stand near the hotel's wide glass doors.
Paul had no idea what else he could do.
Paul had questionable intentions.
Paul had the right browser.
Paul had to drive literally from one side of Algeria to the other to deliver a box.
Paul had to hit the brakes hard to stop the truck.
Paul had to sell his old bicycle.
Paul hallucinated.
Paul handed the key to Amelia.
Paul harasses me.
Paul has a bag full of weapons.
Paul has a fuse box in the basement.
Paul has a massive room.
Paul has a package to sign.
Paul has a pretty big property.
Paul has always liked science.
Paul has been a truck driver since he was twenty-four.
Paul has been a trucker for varying companies for five years.
Paul has been hiking for five years.
Paul has been ignoring Rima’s warnings about the monsters.
Paul has been in the bathroom for almost an hour.
Paul has been out of college for five years.
Paul has been using Snapchat for a little over a year.
Paul has done his job.
Paul has drunk two bottles of water.
Paul has dry hair.
Paul has finally figured out how to stabilize the machine.
Paul has had enough of Amelia.
Paul has just phoned.
Paul has just rung.
Paul has lunch at one o'clock.
Paul has lunch at one.
Paul has never been in the attic before.
Paul has never seen snow.
Paul has real weapons.
Paul has taken all five routes and ended up at the same spot.
Paul has three sons. They look very much alike.
Paul has to leave the building.
Paul hasn't seen a single car pass him on that road.
Paul headed to the sea.
Paul heard Amelia calling his name.
Paul heard Amelia mutter: "Oh, shit!"
Paul heard Amelia talking about a certain boy.
Paul heard Amelia's truck speeding off in the distance.
Paul heard John unzipping his fly.
Paul heard a bag of coins being shaken.
Paul heard a deep exhale in the closet.
Paul heard a deep voice from the other room calling him over.
Paul heard a frighteningly loud bang on the door.
Paul heard a moaning kind of sound.
Paul heard a monster scream from a distance.
Paul heard a motorboat behind him.
Paul heard a noise outside the house.
Paul heard a woman screaming as he left the building.
Paul heard another door rattling.
Paul heard another sound from above him.
Paul heard footsteps again.
Paul heard footsteps come to the door.
Paul heard gunshots aimed at him.
Paul heard his ringtone.
Paul heard leaves crunching outside his window.
Paul heard more footsteps.
Paul heard one of the closet doors creaking.
Paul heard people talking around.
Paul heard sounds coming from back there.
Paul heard sounds coming from downstairs.
Paul heard the men whispering to each other.
Paul heard the noise, too.
Paul heard the sound of a knife being flicked open.
Paul heard the sound of books falling from his desk.
Paul heard the sound of glass breaking outside.
Paul heard the sound of tires skidding out.
Paul heard what sounded like two people talking.
Paul helped Rima rescue her sister.
Paul hesitantly took Rima’s hand.
Paul hid behind that door.
Paul hid behind the van.
Paul hired demon slayers.
Paul hit Rima from behind.
Paul hit Rima with the butt of his rifle.
Paul hit the brakes hard.
Paul hitting the brakes too hard.
Paul hung up before Amelia could even reply.
Paul hung up on Rima after he told her that he was OK.
Paul hurried up those stairs.
Paul ignored Amelia's messages.
Paul immediately attacked Rima.
Paul immediately contacted the coastguard.
Paul immediately questioned Rima’s fashion choices.
Paul immediately sighed and answered the call.
Paul immediately stopped.
Paul immediately tried to flee.
Paul informed Rima that her son was safe.
Paul injected Rima on the head.
Paul injected Rima with something.
Paul injected Rima with that substance.
Paul inspected a door.
Paul installed a dash cam into his truck.
Paul invented a time machine.
Paul investigated with a flashlight.
Paul invited Amelia to a surprise party.
Paul invited Rima to go with him.
Paul is a demon hunter.
Paul is a dolphin trainer.
Paul is a fast hiker.
Paul is a friendly person.
Paul is a natty dresser.
Paul is a real demon.
Paul is a scientifically accomplished engineer.
Paul is always groping women.
Paul is an only child, but he has a lot of cousins.
Paul is being specific.
Paul is by far the most charming boy in our school.
Paul is clumsy.
Paul is harassing me.
Paul is in eleventh grade.
Paul is just watching Alf.
Paul is more vigorous than Marc.
Paul is no longer interested in building a cannery in that county.
Paul is not as fast as me.
Paul is not so much a singer as a composer.
Paul is not too far away from Amelia.
Paul is one of the pupils taking part in the chess tournament.
Paul is one of the pupils translating the text from English into German.
Paul is one of the pupils who are taking part in the chess tournament.
Paul is one of the students taking part in the chess tournament.
Paul is one of the students translating the text from English into German.
Paul is one of the students who are taking part in the chess tournament.
Paul is one of the students who will participate in the chess tournament.
Paul is only five minutes away.
Paul is passionate about food.
Paul is punctual like a clock.
Paul is smarter than Otto.
Paul is so cute.
Paul is so pleasant a person that everybody likes him at once.
Paul is such a nice guy that everyone immediately likes him.
Paul is the president of Nani Inc.
Paul is the son of my mother's brother. He is my cousin.
Paul joined the chat room.
Paul joined the fight.
Paul jumped everywhere, delighted to have won.
Paul jumped into his truck and floored it before the door was even shut.
Paul jumped off the stairs.
Paul just doesn't remember when.
Paul just kept going.
Paul just left Amelia's mansion.
Paul just wants to talk to Amelia.
Paul just wants to talk.
Paul just went out with his friends.
Paul kept a flashlight in his vest.
Paul kept quiet about the sea monsters.
Paul kept saying no.
Paul kept telling Rima to stop.
Paul kept telling people that everything was fine.
Paul kept the basement light on all night.
Paul kept the incident a secret from his parents.
Paul kept the zombies at bay while his men escaped.
Paul knew he was being watched.
Paul knew someone at that party.
Paul knew someone was in his house.
Paul knew that somebody was hiding there.
Paul knew the blinds were open.
Paul knew the way to his house easily.
Paul knew what he was looking for.
Paul knocked on Amelia's door with a police officer.
Paul knocked on the window.
Paul knows exactly what Amelia looks like and he has her number.
Paul knows something about the monsters.
Paul knows the difference between trail guides and rangers.
Paul leaked the secret to someone.
Paul leaned over to Amelia and whispered something into her ear.
Paul learnt about the attack.
Paul learnt that Rima was still alive.
Paul led Amelia downstairs to show her the box.
Paul led the cops to the attic door and opened it for them.
Paul left his classmates in the abandoned building.
Paul left the book outside Amelia's window.
Paul left the box where it was.
Paul left the building and called the campus police.
Paul left the house through the front.
Paul left the house with his school books under his arm. But he didn't go to his friend's house.
Paul left the plane.
Paul left the woods.
Paul left to save Rima.
Paul let Amelia invite all her friends.
Paul let Amelia take his phone with her to track her phone.
Paul lifted weights.
Paul liked to sit on that rock and read his books.
Paul likes chocolate.
Paul likes pollock.
Paul likes to walk through those woods a lot.
Paul likes watching Amelia sleep.
Paul lit the Molotov cocktail with a lighter.
Paul literally heard nothing.
Paul lived in a completely desolate area.
Paul lived in a house built in the 1940s.
Paul lived some five miles away.
Paul lived with his single alcoholic father.
Paul lives a lavish lifestyle.
Paul lives at the end of the village.
Paul lives in a fishing town in northern Algeria.
Paul lives in a small town called Sidi Aich in Algeria.
Paul lives on Ziri Street.
Paul lives on a much worse side of town.
Paul locked Rima inside.
Paul locked himself into the bathroom.
Paul locked the basement door.
Paul locked the door again.
Paul looked at Amelia with the most disgusting evil stare that she had ever seen.
Paul looked away and pretended he didn't notice.
Paul looked away, disgusted.
Paul looked everywhere.
Paul looked fidgety.
Paul looked into the webcam.
Paul looked over to Amelia when he heard the door open.
Paul looked right at Amelia through the windshield.
Paul looks familiar.
Paul lost his iPhone 7.
Paul lost his iPhone last night.
Paul lost his wallet and keys.
Paul lost hope and broke down crying.
Paul lost power, too.
Paul lost weight.
Paul loved the Pokemon games.
Paul loves chocolate.
Paul loves traveling.
Paul lured the zombies outside the building.
Paul made a lot of money last year.
Paul made a lot of noise.
Paul made everyone scream.
Paul made multiple attempts.
Paul made the phone call at five.
Paul makes it a rule not to be late for appointments.
Paul makes it a rule not to be late for his appointments.
Paul managed to lose the monster.
Paul managed to shoot them all down.
Paul messaged Amelia first.
Paul might be looking for Rima.
Paul moved the time machine into Rima’s garage.
Paul must get out.
Paul must have dropped his phone in Amelia's car.
Paul nearly had a heart attack when he saw the man.
Paul nearly shit himself when he saw someone peering his head in the hallway.
Paul needed a living room couch.
Paul needed help unloading those boxes.
Paul needed the palladium for his invention.
Paul needs to lock up the building.
Paul needs to watch out and take care.
Paul nervously boarded the plane.
Paul never expected that to happen.
Paul never returned to that clearing in the woods.
Paul never used Craigslist again.
Paul never visited the dark web again.
Paul never went back there and never will.
Paul never went back there.
Paul never went back to that spot at night.
Paul noticed a janitor walking by and asked her where the bathroom was.
Paul noticed shattered glass in one corner of the basement.
Paul noticed the large footprint of a strange creature.
Paul noticed two cars in Amelia's driveway.
Paul notified Rima that Walid was safe.
Paul offered a new plan.
Paul offered cake and beers to everyone.
Paul offered to help Rima.
Paul often drags heavy tools with him.
Paul opened Amelia's message immediately.
Paul opened Amelia's picture when he was in his bed.
Paul opened his book to the bookmark and resumed his novel.
Paul opened his closet.
Paul opened the cage.
Paul opened the door and stepped onto the stoep.
Paul opened the door to the laundry room.
Paul opened the window to see outside.
Paul parked next to a large cornfield.
Paul patiently played the waiting game.
Paul paused for a breather.
Paul picked up a bunch of beer and liquor.
Paul picked up on the first ring.
Paul played dumb.
Paul played the noise off as his imagination.
Paul pled for help.
Paul pointed at a truck that was running.
Paul posted a picture of Amelia's face.
Paul pranked Amelia by putting a dead rat in her locker.
Paul prefers English to math.
Paul prepared himself for sprinting to the front door.
Paul prepared to attack Rima’s house with Molotov cocktails.
Paul pressed on the gas pedal again and drove on.
Paul pretended not to care.
Paul promised Amelia that he was not associated with those individuals.
Paul promised Rima he would come back to her.
Paul published an article about his invention.
Paul pulled Amelia by the arm and told her: "Let's go!"
Paul pulled into his driveway.
Paul pulled out a syringe filled with a blue liquid.
Paul pulled the door open.
Paul pulled up in front of Amelia's house.
Paul pulled up to Amelia's house and knocked on her door.
Paul pulled up to Amelia's mansion.
Paul pulled up to his house.
Paul pulled up to the mansion.
Paul punched John in the face a few times.
Paul pushed open the door.
Paul put a dead rat in Amelia's locker.
Paul put on a sad face on Snapchat.
Paul put on gloves before going out.
Paul put the fire out.
Paul put the key in the lock and turned it.
Paul put the phone down on the desk.
Paul quietly stepped out of the living room towards the kitchen.
Paul raised his children right.
Paul raised his head from his book a bit and listened.
Paul raised his shirt.
Paul ran as far as he could.
Paul ran as far away of the house as he could.
Paul ran away immediately.
Paul ran away like a coward.
Paul ran for it back to his truck.
Paul ran full speed to his truck and drove home.
Paul ran his hand through his hair.
Paul ran into the crops.
Paul ran through the rain to the house.
Paul ran to Amelia's room.
Paul ran to his friends to tell them what happened.
Paul ran to the dining room.
Paul ran up the flight of stairs quickly.
Paul rang the bell a million times.
Paul reached out and shook Amelia's hand.
Paul read Amelia's text over and over before texting her back.
Paul realized that the saw no real need for that machine.
Paul really didn't want to come across as uncaring, despite what he said.
Paul recently lost his iPhone.
Paul recently took a trip to Algeria.
Paul reminded Rima that there was no turning back.
Paul removed his mask.
Paul repeated the experiment multiple times.
Paul repeated the experiment.
Paul repeatedly stabbed the monster’s hand with a knife.
Paul respects his parents.
Paul responded within five seconds.
Paul returned to Rima.
Paul returned to the basement.
Paul rode the bus.
Paul rode to his hotel.
Paul rolled down the window to talk to Amelia.
Paul rushed in front of Amelia and led her to the kitchen.
Paul sabotaged the experiment.
Paul said Rima would kill him.
Paul said he didn’t mean what he said earlier.
Paul said he had no idea.
Paul said he was born in ancient China.
Paul said he was right next to Amelia.
Paul said hello really shyly.
Paul said politely that he wanted to do better in school. This was a lie. Paul often lied.
Paul said that in a very monotone and slow voice.
Paul sat down with the two investigators to explain everything that he saw.
Paul sat on the trunk of his car for literally hours.
Paul sat there for ten minutes, thinking and reflecting.
Paul saw Amelia standing at the end of the hall.
Paul saw Amelia's eyes focused on something behind him.
Paul saw Rima’s confusion.
Paul saw a room packed with people, dancing.
Paul saw a silhouette standing in the dark.
Paul saw a zombie drag Rima away.
Paul saw another picture of Amelia.
Paul saw at least three large men sitting in that van.
Paul saw blood mixing with the water.
Paul saw five people walking towards him.
Paul saw headlights approaching.
Paul saw his co-workers drive off.
Paul saw someone standing in the corner of the closet.
Paul saw something at the end of the hall.
Paul saw that as an easy opportunity to break into Amelia's house.
Paul saw that silhouette again.
Paul saw the blood stains and freaked out.
Paul saw the glow in that man's eyes.
Paul saw the truck speeding away.
Paul says you can call now.
Paul screamed at Amelia to come back and help her.
Paul screamed in fear.
Paul screamed out: "Who's out there?"
Paul scrolled down the page.
Paul sealed the door to the hallway.
Paul sealed the window.
Paul sealed up the house.
Paul searched for a light switch.
Paul searched the whole house.
Paul seemed desperate.
Paul seemed interested in Amelia's truck.
Paul seemed to be up there for a total for forty minutes.
Paul seemed to know Amelia was messing with him.
Paul sent Amelia a funny picture.
Paul sent Amelia a picture of his mansion.
Paul sent Amelia a selfie picture.
Paul sent Amelia his address.
Paul sent Amelia the picture on Snapchat.
Paul sent another message.
Paul sent another picture of Amelia's face.
Paul shared his location on Snapchat.
Paul shook his head no.
Paul shot the gun three times into the air as a warning.
Paul shot the monster multiple times with his rifle.
Paul shot the monster.
Paul should barricade himself inside the room.
Paul should be careful on Craigslist.
Paul should be the one taking Rima to the hospital.
Paul should come over.
Paul should have ignored Amelia.
Paul should have said something cool.
Paul should never go to the deep web.
Paul should reverse course ASAP.
Paul shouldn't have taken another way.
Paul showed Amelia how to post an ad on Craigslist.
Paul showed Rima the actual experiment.
Paul showed his astonishment.
Paul showed interest in Amelia's old bike.
Paul shut the window and the blinds.
Paul signed off from the chat.
Paul simply didn’t deserve that.
Paul skipped the hello and directly said: "Amelia, what's going on?"
Paul slammed Rima on the wall for mentioning his nickname.
Paul slammed the back door shut behind him.
Paul slammed the door shut and ran away.
Paul slept in a separate tent than Amelia.
Paul slept in the living room with Amelia.
Paul slept in the living room with the TV on.
Paul slept through the flight.
Paul slowly backed away.
Paul slowly moved out of sight.
Paul slowly removed his hand from behind his back. He was holding a knife.
Paul smashed the window.
Paul snuck into Amelia's house and hid in the kitchen for hours.
Paul speaks Esperanto very badly.
Paul speaks Esperanto very poorly.
Paul spent time with Rima at the hospital.
Paul squeezed through the window.
Paul stabbed Rima in the chest.
Paul started acting bubbly and affectionate to Amelia's kids.
Paul started asking Amelia more questions.
Paul started breaking down.
Paul started driving at five am.
Paul started driving over to Amelia's location.
Paul started his plan.
Paul started knocking on the window.
Paul started listening to the voice messages to pass the time.
Paul started mentioning Rima.
Paul started preparing.
Paul started ranting about everything.
Paul started screaming something in Berber.
Paul started sending texts from Amelia's phone to his phone.
Paul started shouting at Rima.
Paul started talking about his old house.
Paul started the bus.
Paul started to attack Amelia on the camera.
Paul started to doubt himself, too.
Paul started to hear to music blasting inside as he got to the stoep.
Paul started to lecture Rima about puberty.
Paul started to sing a completely different song.
Paul started to worry about his family.
Paul started to worry that something might have happened to Amelia.
Paul started walking back to his tent.
Paul started walking over to Amelia.
Paul stayed at the top step.
Paul stayed isolated in a hotel for four days.
Paul stepped inside the time machine and traveled four hours into the past.
Paul stepped into Amelia's trailer home.
Paul stepped on the gas a little more.
Paul stepped outside.
Paul still does that to this day.
Paul still doesn't know what woke him up.
Paul still doesn't remember how or where he lost his phone.
Paul still has those memories from his childhood.
Paul stood in the middle of the basement, listening.
Paul stood right by his truck.
Paul stood there for a second.
Paul stood up and took one or two steps towards Amelia.
Paul stood with his hand shading his eyes.
Paul stopped Rima from attacking Walid.
Paul stopped responding.
Paul stopped the gunman and became a local hero.
Paul stopped what he was doing to listen.
Paul studied the fungus.
Paul studies very hard these days.
Paul suddenly got emotional.
Paul sued the county.
Paul switched the device on.
Paul swung open that door.
Paul talked about the children.
Paul talked to Rima about the cannery.
Paul talked with the police.
Paul talks a lot.
Paul telephoned just now.
Paul texted Amelia again.
Paul thought he heard something above him.
Paul thought that that night was going to be the night of his death.
Paul threw Amelia a little party in the backyard.
Paul threw Amelia a surprise party in his house.
Paul threw a bag of chips at Rima.
Paul threw a chair at the door.
Paul threw a fit.
Paul threw his bag onto his bed.
Paul threw his phone on the desk.
Paul told Amelia that he was on his way.
Paul told Amelia that his truck broke down.
Paul told Amelia to call the cops right away.
Paul told Amelia to follow him.
Paul told Amelia to sit on the couch.
Paul told Amelia to stay where she was.
Paul told Rima he loved her and hung up.
Paul told Rima she was stressing him out.
Paul told Rima to go inside.
Paul told Rima to make good choices.
Paul told Rima to stop.
Paul told his friends they had to go.
Paul told his friends to run and they listened.
Paul told his mom he was going out and left.
Paul took Rima to the bathroom.
Paul took Rima to the cage.
Paul took Rima to the conference room.
Paul took a drive to that abandoned warehouse building.
Paul took a job working for a company based in Algiers.
Paul took a minute to think of something smart to say.
Paul took a scenic road.
Paul took a sword and started attacking Rima.
Paul took an Uber back to his house.
Paul took his phone out of his pocket to call Amelia.
Paul took longer to respond.
Paul took out his phone and texted Amelia.
Paul took the blow.
Paul took the flashlight out and turned it on.
Paul took the left path.
Paul took the left turn off the main road and drove towards Amelia's house.
Paul towered over Amelia.
Paul trained to sabotage the experiment.
Paul traveled back in time.
Paul traveled into the past.
Paul tried hard to make his presence known so that he wouldn't scare Amelia.
Paul tried not to get too drunk.
Paul tried the door knob to the bathroom, but it was locked.
Paul tried to avoid falling into the water.
Paul tried to break free from the soldiers to help Rima.
Paul tried to call his roadside service company.
Paul tried to get in.
Paul tried to lead Amelia in a different direction.
Paul tried to open the hood.
Paul tried to pretend he didn't see Amelia.
Paul tried to protect Rima.
Paul tried to remain quiet.
Paul tried to run Amelia over.
Paul turned around and didn't see anything behind him.
Paul turned around to make sure he wasn't followed.
Paul turned off his lamp.
Paul turned off the boat’s engine.
Paul turned the flashlight off.
Paul turned the headlights back on.
Paul unlatched the hood.
Paul unlocked his phone and opened Amelai's message.
Paul unlocked the door.
Paul unlocked the stall door.
Paul urged Amelia to let him resume his workout.
Paul urged Rima with a panicked voice to leave the room.
Paul used Amelia's bathroom.
Paul used a fake phone number for calls and texts.
Paul used an app to track his phone.
Paul used his phone flashlight for navigation.
Paul used the glow from the TV as his light source to navigate.
Paul used the time machine to go back in the past.
Paul used to have an iPhone 7.
Paul used to use Tinder a lot.
Paul used to work as a construction worker in the Algiers area.
Paul uses Tinder just for fun.
Paul uses an app that allows people to use fake numbers for calls and texts.
Paul violated Rima.
Paul violated the treaty.
Paul visited the park on a weeknight.
Paul waited a few minutes before opening the message.
Paul waited around in the lobby for a while.
Paul waited for Rima as long as he could.
Paul waited for his flight.
Paul walked away, not looking back at that house.
Paul walked back to the front door.
Paul walked in the opposite direction he came from.
Paul walked into the basement with two flashlights on.
Paul walked out the front door.
Paul walked through the rocky corridors.
Paul walked to the front of the building.
Paul walked to the stall next to James's.
Paul wandered into the wood.
Paul wanted Amelia to get Snapchat.
Paul wanted Amelia to go.
Paul wanted Amelia to meet his kids.
Paul wanted to get there faster.
Paul wants to come get the bike as soon as possible.
Paul was a DHL driver for five years.
Paul was a friend of one of Amelia's friends.
Paul was a known dealer.
Paul was a lot drunker than Amelia was.
Paul was a monk.
Paul was able to contact the hotline but they didn’t tell him anything useful.
Paul was able to forget about that quickly.
Paul was able to get over that.
Paul was able to make frogs grow faster by injecting them a strange substance.
Paul was able to run away.
Paul was about fifty minutes late.
Paul was afraid to turn that corner into the backyard.
Paul was already annoyed with that kid.
Paul was already asleep in his room upstairs.
Paul was already inching back away from the window.
Paul was an impulsive kind of guy.
Paul was at JFK Airport in New York.
Paul was at an abandoned gas station.
Paul was at the window.
Paul was attacked by a humanoid.
Paul was attacked by a sea monster.
Paul was back to his cruising speed.
Paul was becoming impatient.
Paul was being serious.
Paul was blackout drunk.
Paul was bludgeoned to death in the woods.
Paul was born in Rome.
Paul was breathing heavily.
Paul was bullied, too.
Paul was charged with juvenile breaking and entering.
Paul was checking the lockers for his phone.
Paul was chilling in Amelia's room.
Paul was chilling with his friends.
Paul was clear-shaven.
Paul was clearly hiding from Amelia.
Paul was close.
Paul was creepy and odd.
Paul was crouching behind a stack of boxes.
Paul was cursing Amelia out and promising to be back to kill her.
Paul was dating a girl with braces.
Paul was deep in debts.
Paul was determined to take the challenge.
Paul was disturbed as hell by the situation.
Paul was doing silly things.
Paul was doing something on his phone.
Paul was drinking too much and had no credibility.
Paul was driving a side street.
Paul was driving an old truck.
Paul was driving and couldn't check his phone.
Paul was driving down a pitch black road.
Paul was easily overpowered.
Paul was educated.
Paul was eighteen in his last year of high school.
Paul was extremely nice.
Paul was facing the corner of the tiny room.
Paul was flying down that road.
Paul was forty seconds ahead of Amelia.
Paul was getting a little concerned.
Paul was getting increasingly tired.
Paul was going away to the military.
Paul was going camping in a forest in Blida.
Paul was happy to do charity work.
Paul was having an open party.
Paul was heading over in Amelia's direction.
Paul was hearing heavy breathing in the dark room.
Paul was hiding behind Amelia's bed.
Paul was hiding behind the door, holding something in his hand.
Paul was hiding in a bush.
Paul was hiding under a bush.
Paul was holding his hand behind his back.
Paul was home alone for the night.
Paul was in a delirious state.
Paul was in a locked room.
Paul was in a worse condition.
Paul was in favor of having the cannery in town.
Paul was in the middle of those dark woods at ten o'clock in the evening.
Paul was in the shed.
Paul was in there.
Paul was in those woods alone.
Paul was in utter disbelief.
Paul was inside the device.
Paul was inside the garage.
Paul was inside the time machine.
Paul was just messing around on that website.
Paul was just smoking his cigarette.
Paul was killed instantly.
Paul was kind enough to help out.
Paul was kind of creeped out.
Paul was laying in his bed, watching TV.
Paul was leaning against the furthest wall from the door.
Paul was leaning on a brick wall.
Paul was leaving the airport.
Paul was literally frozen.
Paul was living in a small town in Algeria.
Paul was living in an unfinished basement.
Paul was looking right up at Amelia.
Paul was looking to kidnap Amelia.
Paul was lucky to escape with his life.
Paul was making fun of Amelia for not being able to open the front door.
Paul was more experienced in camping.
Paul was moving fast.
Paul was murdered while he was home alone.
Paul was nearly killed by a truck.
Paul was no electrician, but had a basic understanding of what he was doing.
Paul was not far from the house.
Paul was on Snapchat.
Paul was on Tinder last night.
Paul was on another page.
Paul was on the bus.
Paul was on the older side.
Paul was on the swing.
Paul was one of Amelia's co-workers.
Paul was one of the best students in California.
Paul was only putting up a show.
Paul was outright disturbed.
Paul was overcome by shock and fatigue.
Paul was peering his head at Amelia from behind a van.
Paul was playing hide-and-seek with the kids.
Paul was playing solitaire.
Paul was pretty drunk.
Paul was probably fourteen years old.
Paul was reading a book in his tent.
Paul was reading a short story last night.
Paul was ready to call the cops.
Paul was ready to put the particle accelerator to the test.
Paul was really no ordinary person.
Paul was right behind the open door.
Paul was seen breaking the window.
Paul was shot dead with a shotgun.
Paul was silent, simply staring.
Paul was singing very loudly.
Paul was sitting in a chair in the kitchen.
Paul was sitting in his living room, watching TV.
Paul was sitting in that park alone.
Paul was sitting in the kitchen.
Paul was sitting on Amelia's couch.
Paul was sitting on Amelia's rock.
Paul was sitting on a bench at the park.
Paul was sitting on the swing, pushing back and forth in boredom.
Paul was sneaking up behind Amelia.
Paul was so close to blocking Amelia on Facebook.
Paul was somewhat pleased to hear that.
Paul was speaking pretty loud.
Paul was speeding down the desert road.
Paul was spotted by Amelia near the park.
Paul was standing at the back doorway.
Paul was standing at the doorway.
Paul was standing at the end of the hall.
Paul was standing behind the line of trees.
Paul was standing in that tiny room.
Paul was standing in the silence.
Paul was standing inside of Amelia's room.
Paul was standing on the side of the road.
Paul was still disoriented.
Paul was still in there.
Paul was still looking at Amelia.
Paul was still moving.
Paul was struggling to walk.
Paul was taking a road trip in his Ford Focus from Algiers to Bejaia.
Paul was taking notes.
Paul was talking to relatives.
Paul was terrified when he came rushing in.
Paul was the father of Walid’s girlfriend.
Paul was the one to call the cops.
Paul was the one with the key to the building.
Paul was the only one remaining alive.
Paul was the only person in that building at that hour.
Paul was the only person in that building at that time.
Paul was thinking about how cool he would look.
Paul was too drunk to drive.
Paul was too horrified to look out that window.
Paul was too knackered to go to Amelia's party.
Paul was too smart.
Paul was too weak to fight.
Paul was trapped in the room.
Paul was trying to break into the bathroom.
Paul was trying to contact the police.
Paul was trying to find a used laptop on Craigslist.
Paul was trying to spot Amelia.
Paul was trying to work out.
Paul was unable to cope with that.
Paul was unable to help others.
Paul was unable to see the road.
Paul was using his webcam.
Paul was waiting to strike Amelia.
Paul was walking up the stairs.
Paul was weirdly staring at Amelia.
Paul was working for a warehouse company.
Paul was working in another building.
Paul wasn't really an ordinary person.
Paul wasn't there anymore.
Paul wasn't using the app.
Paul wasn't with Mary when her purse was stolen.
Paul wasn’t a zombie.
Paul wasn’t feeling well.
Paul wasn’t invited to the party.
Paul wasn’t planning to hit Rima.
Paul wasn’t with Mary when her purse was stolen.
Paul watched Rima as she went on her way.
Paul watched a movie before going to sleep.
Paul welcomed a strange person inside the bus.
Paul went ahead and rang the doorbell.
Paul went back down into that basement to check.
Paul went back down to the basement to check.
Paul went back downstairs.
Paul went back inside.
Paul went back to his place.
Paul went back to his truck to get a flashlight.
Paul went back up the stairs.
Paul went back upstairs.
Paul went back with his father.
Paul went deeper into the dark woods.
Paul went for lunch at ten past twelve.
Paul went into the crops.
Paul went into the pitch black woods.
Paul went into the trees to take a dump.
Paul went online to report the ad.
Paul went straight to his house and told his mom and dad.
Paul went to Rima’s house to attack her.
Paul went to Syracuse University.
Paul went to a much quieter section of the store.
Paul went to a small local gym.
Paul went to check out Amelia's bicycle.
Paul went to hug Rima.
Paul went to sleep, too.
Paul went to talk to different people.
Paul went to the back section of the store.
Paul went to the bar with a couple of friends.
Paul went to the basement door.
Paul went to the front of the truck.
Paul went to the kitchen.
Paul went to the party in place of his father.
Paul went to the shed to grab his bicycle.
Paul went to the storage room.
Paul went to the truck to get more water.
Paul went up to his room.
Paul went upstairs to check if Amelia needed help.
Paul went upstairs to find his phone.
Paul went upstairs to the bedroom.
Paul went upstairs with the laptop where he could be as loud and he wanted.
Paul will be getting his phone back.
Paul will be over within half an hour.
Paul will go to prison, too.
Paul will never be with Rima.
Paul will never forget the first time he used Tinder.
Paul will send Amelia an update.
Paul will wait and see if Amelia sends him anything.
Paul willingly volunteered to join Rima’s plan.
Paul woke up terrified.
Paul woke up the next morning and realized that his phone was missing.
Paul woke up to another pickup truck passing by.
Paul woke up to the sound of the TV.
Paul won't have to be back until Monday.
Paul won't talk to Amelia if he sees her at the gym again.
Paul won’t change.
Paul worked out there at night.
Paul works as a janitor at a school.
Paul works as a school caretaker.
Paul works forty hours a week.
Paul works in the summer, too.
Paul worried that people could die.
Paul wrote hi with his stylus.
Paul yelled out again.
Paul yelled, but there was no reply.
Paul's Snapchat score was already 5000.
Paul's Snapchat score was so low.
Paul's apartment smelt awful.
Paul's basement had a bathroom.
Paul's basement is sealed off.
Paul's bedroom appeared to be empty.
Paul's bicycle was a piece of junk.
Paul's bike was in the backyard.
Paul's desk was covered with books.
Paul's entire car was messy.
Paul's eyes were getting dry.
Paul's family spends the summer at the coast every year.
Paul's flashlight sucked.
Paul's furniture is in a good condition.
Paul's great grandmother has written many books.
Paul's great-grandma has written many books.
Paul's great-granny has written a great deal of books.
Paul's great-nan has written a lot of books.
Paul's hands were dirty.
Paul's heart was still racing.
Paul's house has a distinct smell.
Paul's house has a very distinct mildewy smell.
Paul's house was in a cul-de-sac.
Paul's house was so archaic.
Paul's house was surrounded by the forest.
Paul's just telephoned.
Paul's knowledge of creative bookkeeping has been the secret of his ability to get all the staffing he needs.
Paul's last five messages were disturbing.
Paul's mansion was surrounded by trees.
Paul's parents are home.
Paul's parents weren't home for the night.
Paul's phone was either broken, disconnected or went off.
Paul's photo was posted a couple hours ago.
Paul's piece of crap of a truck broke down.
Paul's purpose in this epistle is to show Christians that these sublime and divine mysteries are absolutely beyond all human thought, human understanding or wisdom.
Paul's self-esteem went down the toilet.
Paul's sitting in front of Jack.
Paul's smile disappeared.
Paul's story gave Amelia chills right down to the bones.
Paul's success was a myth.
Paul's teeth were small.
Paul's truck was making weird noises.
Paul's truck was parked outside.
Paul's truck was the only vehicle on that road at that hour.
Paul's voice sounded weird.
Paul's wallet was on the kitchen counter.
Paul's warning was true.
Paul's webcame started to shake.
Paul's window was wide open.
Paul, do you think we can make it to the airport on time?
Paul, we can borrow up to 8 books.
Paula and I cooked dinner on Sunday.
Paula has to help her father in the kitchen.
Paula is going to wash the car tomorrow.
Paula left the room to call her mother.
Paula said she wouldn't come because she was meeting up with her boyfriend, but that was a lie.
Paula was called away on urgent business.
Paulette was a co-student of meditation at my Vancouver Thai temple. She was a Francophone from Quebec.
Paulina has a pink cap.
Paulina has a pink hat.
Paulina has a red cap.
Pauline has quit her job to become a full-time streamer.
Pauline is a 16-year-old streamer who mainly streams Minecraft.
Pauline said that she was prepared to ride Jack's cock.
Pauline was the most-viewed streamer this year.
Pauline's baby Selina would just nestle in her arms as if they were the most comfortable place on earth.
Paulo Freire was one of the most influential pedagogical theorists of the 20th century.
Paulo speaks Portuguese, Spanish, French, German and some Russian.
Paulo, they spoke ill of you in school.
Paul’s body flew away.
Paul’s car was parked outside.
Paul’s family spends the summer at the coast every year.
Paul’s knowledge of creative bookkeeping has been the secret of his ability to get all the staffing he needs.
Paul’s men surrounded the exits.
Paul’s sitting in front of Jack.
Paul’s success was a myth.
Paupers have no relatives.
Pause for a moment to think.
Pause it.
Pause the game.
Pause. Take a deep breath.
Pausing before reposting can save you from embarrassment and prevent falsehoods from spreading farther.
Pausing to think doesn't always mean we can.
Pavel loves chocolate.
Pavel went to lunch at ten minutes after noon.
Pavel went to lunch at twelve-ten.
Pavements are raised higher than roads.
Pavlov rang a bell just before he fed his dogs.
Pavlov rang a bell whenever he fed his dogs.
Pawn pawned by pawn.
Pawns are the lifeblood of the game.
Pawns are the only chess pieces that move differently when capturing than when moving normally.
Pawns capture and move differently.
Pawns only move forward.
Pawnshops buy and sell guns.
Pay Tom back the thirty dollars you owe him.
Pay Tom.
Pay a close attention to this.
Pay at the cash register.
Pay at the cashier's window.
Pay at the counter.
Pay at the end, please.
Pay attention and follow the instructions carefully.
Pay attention and participate actively in class.
Pay attention and smile for the camera!
Pay attention on the road.
Pay attention to Tom.
Pay attention to all the details.
Pay attention to coincidences.
Pay attention to details, and you'll get along all right.
Pay attention to details.
Pay attention to everything Tom and Mary say.
Pay attention to everything Tom says.
Pay attention to her.
Pay attention to him.
Pay attention to his advice.
Pay attention to his words.
Pay attention to me.
Pay attention to oncoming traffic.
Pay attention to priority!
Pay attention to the Algerian map.
Pay attention to the bikes.
Pay attention to the details.
Pay attention to the dog's body language.
Pay attention to the dos and don’ts and you won’t get in trouble.
Pay attention to the road.
Pay attention to the signs, they have important instructions!
Pay attention to them.
Pay attention to this problem.
Pay attention to us.
Pay attention to what I say.
Pay attention to what I'm saying.
Pay attention to what I'm telling you.
Pay attention to what Tom and Mary say.
Pay attention to what Tom is saying.
Pay attention to what Tom says.
Pay attention to what he says!
Pay attention to what he says.
Pay attention to what he's saying!
Pay attention to what others around you are doing.
Pay attention to what you write.
Pay attention to what you're cooking on the stove.
Pay attention to what you're doing.
Pay attention to what you're eating!
Pay attention to what you're saying.
Pay attention to what's going on around you.
Pay attention to what's going on.
Pay attention to your appearance.
Pay attention to your body’s signals.
Pay attention to your breathing.
Pay attention to your character, for it becomes your destiny.
Pay attention to your food.
Pay attention to your habits, because they become your character.
Pay attention to your life.
Pay attention to your posture during workouts.
Pay attention to your surroundings at all times.
Pay attention to your surroundings.
Pay attention when writing in Portuguese.
Pay attention!
Pay attention! Your personal space is in danger.
Pay attention, Tom.
Pay attention, and you might learn something.
Pay attention, because there will be difficulties.
Pay attention, please.
Pay attention, the two of you.
Pay attention, there is a pothole on the street.
Pay attention.
Pay back what you owe me.
Pay close attention to every detail.
Pay close attention to everything.
Pay close attention to teachers.
Pay close attention to the details.
Pay close attention to this.
Pay close attention to what I tell you.
Pay close attention to what I'm telling you.
Pay close attention to what you eat.
Pay close attention to your surroundings.
Pay closer attention from now on.
Pay for whatever you want.
Pay for your own food.
Pay heed to your food.
Pay honor to the brave.
Pay it forward.
Pay me a beer.
Pay me whatever you want.
Pay more attention to intonation when you speak English.
Pay more attention to passenger safety.
Pay more attention to the guys next to you.
Pay more attention to your work.
Pay more attention.
Pay no attention to him.
Pay no attention to it.
Pay no attention to that.
Pay no attention to the mess!
Pay no attention to those punks.
Pay no attention to what Tom says.
Pay no mind to the man behind the curtain.
Pay no mind to what Tom says.
Pay off your credit cards every month.
Pay on time!
Pay on your way out.
Pay over there.
Pay the bill and leave.
Pay the bill at the counter.
Pay the bill when you're done.
Pay the bill when you're ready.
Pay the cab driver.
Pay the cashier on the way out.
Pay the cashier right over there.
Pay the rent.
Pay the secretary.
Pay to the order of Tom.
Pay together or separately?
Pay tribute to those who deserve it.
Pay very close attention.
Pay what you can.
Pay what you owe.
Pay what you want.
Pay whatever you can.
Pay will be based on experience and educational background.
Pay your debt on time.
Pay your dues to the treasurer.
Pay your fare here.
Pay your rent in advance.
Pay your secretaries.
Payback is inevitable.
Paychecks continued to shrink.
Payday can't come soon enough.
Paying attention in class may lead to high marks.
Paying attention to what you are doing is one of the most important keys to success.
Paying by traveler's check creates a hassle for both the customer and the merchant.
Paying for it was difficult.
Paying from other's pocket is easy.
Paying the national debt could mean reducing the average income.
Paying your rent is not your biggest worry.
Payment can be made by credit card or cash on delivery.
Payment is made at the cash desk.
Payment is made at the cash register.
Payment is required in advance.
Payment isn't necessary.
Payment must be made in advance.
Payment of this bill is due today.
Payment systems are delicate and unstable - Cash is safer.
Payment went through successfully.
Pea pods are very healthy.
Peace and love.
Peace and love...
Peace and quiet reigned in the house.
Peace at home, peace in the world.
Peace be on you.
Peace be onto you.
Peace be upon him.
Peace be upon you all!
Peace be upon you!
Peace be upon you.
Peace be with all of you!
Peace be with you!
Peace be with you.
Peace begins at home.
Peace begins at the dinner table.
Peace can be found within, but not if we consume modern day poisons.
Peace can't exist without tolerance.
Peace cannot exist without cooperation and tolerance.
Peace cannot exist without tolerance and respect for diversity.
Peace cannot exist without tolerance.
Peace for humanity is something we can only reach when we start to make peace a reality in ourselves.
Peace has finally returned.
Peace has returned after three years of war.
Peace in Libya is attainable.
Peace in Libya is important to the geopolitical interests of Algeria.
Peace is a meaningless word; what is needed is a glorious peace.
Peace is better than war.
Peace is for wimps.
Peace is important for the survival of mankind.
Peace is love and wisdom – it's heaven. War is hatred and folly – it's hell.
Peace is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with conflict by peaceful means.
Peace is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it.
Peace is not the absence of violence but the presence of justice.
Peace is not the absence of war; it is the presence of justice.
Peace is not the absence of war; peace is a virtue, a mindset, a disposition towards kindness, trust, justice.
Peace is not the absence of warriors, but their new thoughts, feelings and actions with open hearts.
Peace is of great importance.
Peace is of the utmost importance.
Peace is on the horizon.
Peace is possible.
Peace is preferable to war.
Peace is still a long way off.
Peace is the continuation of war with other means.
Peace is the full half of life, if not life itself.
Peace is the priority.
Peace is very important.
Peace is what we wish you.
Peace is, of course, better than war.
Peace never lasted long in Jugurtha's life.
Peace on earth.
Peace out bro!
Peace rests in stillness.
Peace starts at home.
Peace talks are blocked by the president.
Peace talks will begin next week.
Peace to his ashes!
Peace to you.
Peace upon him.
Peace was never an option.
Peace will always be only temporary. War is almost permanent.
Peace will come to us in time.
Peace without justice is a ceasefire.
Peace, brother.
Peace, mercy and blessings of God be upon you.
Peace-keeping troops moved in to restore calm after the battle.
Peace-loving, anti-apartheid Israeli Jews like Yitzhak need to be listened to.
Peace.
Peace. Out.
Peaceful dialogue is always preferable to aggressive confrontation.
Peaceful people like to live in peaceful places.
Peacekeeper is the basic rank of active officers in the French National Police.
Peacekeeping forces were deployed to the area.
Peach is a cute colour, isn't it?
Peach trees are deciduous.
Peach trees are in bloom.
Peach trees require lots of sunshine.
Peach trees typically bloom in spring.
Peach trees typically blossom in spring.
Peaches are fuzzy.
Peaches are larger than apricots.
Peaches are sweet.
Peaches bruise easily.
Peaches grow on the peach tree.
Peaches taste sweet.
Peacock art adorned the walls.
Peacock calls echoed through the woods.
Peacock-inspired fashion was trendy.
Peacocks have colourful tail feathers.
Peak oil, an event based on Hubbert's theory, is the point in time when the maximum rate of petroleum extraction is reached, after which the rate of production is expected to enter terminal decline.
Peaking of price difference is huge.
Peano is very important to the history of Interlingua because he developed a language very similar to contemporary Interlingua.
Peanut allergy is the most common of food allergies.
Peanut butter and jelly, please.
Peanut butter cookies and milk taste scrumptious.
Peanut butter is a meal.
Peanut butter is on sale.
Peanuts are legumes.
Peanuts are not at all similar to nuts, but rather to peas.
Peanuts are not nuts but legumes.
Peanuts are part of the legume or bean family.
Peanuts aren't nuts.
Peanuts aren't safe for him to consume.
Peanuts can harm him due to his allergy.
Peanuts cause him an allergic reaction.
Peanuts contain a lot of calories.
Peanuts trigger his allergy.
Pearl mullets, an endemic fish species found only in Lake Van in the east of Turkey, have once again embarked on their challenging journey against the tide of life, swimming upstream to get to freshwater to spawn their babies.
Pearls and unions grow in shellfish; corals in a sea shrub. Amber is gathered from the sea.
Pears are bulbous.
Pears are canned in this factory.
Pears are running large this year.
Pears, when they are ripe, fall by themselves.
Peas and carrots are common ingredients in soups.
Peasants often have a secondary activity to augment their income.
Peasants were allowed to sell any surplus food from the land.
Peat moss used to be prized as a fuel source.
Peavey and her husband run one of the oldest sheep ranches in this part of Idaho. They decided to become proactive, to share their heritage with the recreationists, the vacation home owners and other new arrivals. Now every fall, one of the local sheep ranching families trails their flock right through the center of the resort town. It's turned into an annual festival called the Trailing of the Sheep.
Peccaries are often confused with razorbacks, despite being from halfway across the world.
Peccary is simply another word for javelina.
Peculiar. I would never think about it this way.
Pedal as fast as you can.
Pedaling a bicycle can be a tough business. The race may be over, but the photographer remains on the job.
Pedantry is properly the over-rating of any kind of knowledge we pretend to.
Pedants delight in being obtuse.
Peddle your wares elsewhere.
Peddle your wares somewhere else.
Pederasty was socially accepted in ancient Greece.
Pedestrian crossings usually have dropped kerbs.
Pedestrian safety is being compromised by people looking at their mobile phones or other devices while crossing the road.
Pedestrians carry a high risk in traffic.
Pedestrians have priority at crosswalks.
Pedestrians have priority at pedestrian crossings.
Pedestrians may not walk through the city center during the holidays.
Pedestrians should walk on the sidewalk.
Pedestrians who jaywalk sometimes cause accidents.
Pediatric gastroenterologist Erick Hernandez, who helped treat Halla, said patients with the condition suffer massive diarrhea and need constant feeding.
Pedophiles are cruelly treated in prison.
Pedophilia is a crime.
Pedophilia is a very serious offense.
Pedophilia is probably more common than people think.
Pedro M., my Ecuadorian friend who is part-Inca, liked to meditate in the Thai temple in my Vancouver neighbourhood.
Pedro Sánchez is the Prime Minister of Spain.
Pedro and his son came.
Pedro closed his eyes and pretended to sleep.
Pedro didn't believe that today was Wednesday.
Pedro died after a prolonged illness.
Pedro doesn't have a sister.
Pedro doesn't speak Russian.
Pedro doesn't want to leave the office.
Pedro doesn’t have a sister.
Pedro gave David two little turtles.
Pedro has a motorcycle and loves to ride it.
Pedro has no sisters.
Pedro hasn't read my manuscript.
Pedro is my mocha-toned Spanish-speaking friend form Ecuador. He is part-Inca. He lives economically, but has political ambitions. He partook in my meditation classes in the Thai temple, Wat Yanviriya, in Vancouver, BC. He once knew Esperanto and felt like a reformist of it.
Pedro is still recovering.
Pedro survived.
Pedro was one of the survivors.
Pedro was prevented from leaving the country.
Pedro was upset with his test result.
Pedro Álvares Cabral is considered to be the one who discovered Brazil.
Pedro, do you have a sibling?
Pedro, how many languages do you know?
Pee is stored in the balls.
Pee your pants.
Pee!
Peeing sitting down is not all that bad.
Peek-a-boo, I can see you!
Peel a pear for me.
Peel an orange for me.
Peel an orange.
Peel and chop the shallots.
Peel and core eight apples. Put into each apple two cloves and as much mincemeat as it will hold.
Peel and dice the onions.
Peel and finely chop the horseradish.
Peel and finely chop the onions.
Peel back that band-aid.
Peel it.
Peel me an orange.
Peel off for product code.
Peel or wash the apples.
Peel the apple before you eat it.
Peel the apple, cut it in half, and remove the core.
Peel the apple.
Peel the apples and cut them in half, cutting out the core.
Peel the apples and slice them in half, cutting out the core.
Peel the apples or wash them.
Peel the apples.
Peel the bananas and mash them with a fork.
Peel the carrots and slice them into strips.
Peel the cucumbers and then slice them.
Peel the cucumbers.
Peel the eggs and cut them lengthways.
Peel the horseradish and grate it finely.
Peel the lemon.
Peel the onion.
Peel the onions.
Peel the orange and give me a piece.
Peel the orange.
Peel the potatoes and I'll cook them.
Peel the potatoes and carrots.
Peel the potatoes and the carrots.
Peel the potatoes.
Peel these potatoes.
Peel this fruit.
Peel two bananas.
Peel two of the bananas.
Peel, core and quarter two quarts of tart apples.
Peeling an orange can be tricky at times, you never know if it will squirt you in the face.
Peeling loquats takes time.
Peer helpers made the teacher's job a lot easier, but established a cruel hierarchy among the students.
Peer helpers made the teacher’s job a lot easier, but established a cruel hierarchy among the students.
Peer pressure is a powerful thing.
Peer pressure never worked on Tom.
Peer pressure often forces people to do things they know that they shouldn't do.
Peer pressure often leads to people doing things they know that they shouldn't do.
Peer support in conjunction with traditional mental health services leads to better patient outcomes than traditional mental health services alone.
Peer support is an evidence-based practice.
Peering over the ledge, Brad began to get vertigo as he saw the 1000ft drop.
Peering through the gloom, I saw the vague outline of a man, a shade blacker than the blackness of the open door.
Peering through the trees, Necile saw the child lying on the grass.
Peg couldn't make small talk to save her life.
Pegasus has wings.
Peggy did not go to see the drama, and neither did I.
Peige is probably the one who'll finish the work.
Peige is the person who will finish the work.
Pekka Ervast, the author of "The Key to the Kalevala", says that the lord and the creator of the world is called Kaleva, and that, as a substantive noun, Kalevala means "the home of the Creator or the Lord", meaning the higher planes of life or the higher zones of unseen world.
Pelagius won the Battle of Covadonga in 722.
Pele is not the greatest soccer player of all time. Pele is a legend, a myth, an icon. Pele is the name of perfection in a soccer player.
Pele played for the Brazilian teams in many important matches.
Pele played with the stars but he has been always down to earth.
Pelicans are strange birds.
Pelicans have large beaks.
Pelosi can't protect Taiwan from a Chinese invasion.
Pelosi is a long-time critic of China.
Pelosi should not go to Taiwan.
Pelosi visited Taiwan and left, leaving Taipei to face the consequences.
Pelosi visited Taiwan to underscore its autonomy. This has led China to threaten the US with grave consequences.
Pelosi went to Taiwan to provoke the Chinese government.
Pelosi's visit infringed China's territorial integrity.
Pelosi's visit to Taiwan risks igniting a serious conflict between China and the United States.
Pelosi's visit to Taiwan undermines Beijing's "One China Principle."
Pelosi's visit to Taiwan undermines China's territorial integrity.
Pelosi's visit to Taiwan was a provocative move.
Pelosi's visit to Taiwan was a red line for Beijing.
Pelosi's visit to Taiwan was a very short-sighted move.
Pelosi's visit to Taiwan will be a violation of Chinese sovereignty.
Pelé is the only man to have won the World Cup three times.
Pelé said that the team of his heart has always been Vasco da Gama.
Pelé was a great Brazilian footballer.
Pelé was the best soccer player of all time.
Pemberton rejected the demand.
Pena, 32, has suffered from tubular sclerosis since childhood and breathes with the aid of an oxygen machine.
Penalties against drug use should not be more damaging to an individual than the use of the drug itself.
Penalty fare or prosecution : if you fail to show on demand a valid ticket for the whole of your journey or a validated Oyster card.
Penance is one of the seven sacraments.
Pence is just Trump's henchman.
Pence is just Trump's lackey.
Pencils are sold by the dozen.
Pencils break easily.
Pending his trial, Yanni is not allowed to leave Algiers.
Pendulum clocks aren't just for telling time. They're also a decoration that add a touch of glamour to your home.
Penelope baked a cherry pie.
Penguins are accomplished swimmers.
Penguins are birds, not fish.
Penguins are birds, you didn't know?
Penguins are endemic to Antarctica.
Penguins are flightless birds.
Penguins are peculiar birds.
Penguins are strange birds.
Penguins aren't able to fly, but they can swim.
Penguins aren't fish; they're birds.
Penguins live almost exclusively in the Southern Hemisphere.
Penguins live mainly in the Antarctic.
Penguins look rather funny.
Penguins look strange when they waddle on land, but the way they swim so smoothly through the water is pretty cool.
Penguins move gracefully in water and awkwardly on land.
Penguins often huddle together to keep warm.
Penguins' eyes are adapted for underwater vision.
Penicillin has contributed much to the welfare of mankind.
Penicillin is a first-line treatment for bacterial infections, but doesn't work against viruses.
Penicillin was discovered by accident.
Penis enlargement supplements, as sold on sites and in magazines, have essentially no effect.
Pennsylvania used to have a big steel industry.
Penny Marshall and Cindy Williams sang "shlemiel, schlemazel, hasenpfeffer incorporated" in the theme song "Making our Dreams Come True" for the television show "Laverne and Shirley," a popular American sitcom in the 1970s.
Penny Oleksiak is the first athlete born in the 2000s to win a gold medal at the Olympics.
Penny saved is a penny got.
Penny saved is penny got.
Penny wise and pound foolish.
Penny wise, pound foolish.
Penny-royal leaves smell like mint.
Penny-wise and pound-foolish.
Pens and pencils are examples of writing tools.
Pension benefit payments are based on actuarial estimates using current assumptions for discount rates, expected return on long-term assets and rate of compensation increases.
Pensioners also lambasted the measures.
Pensions can be terminated.
Pensions should be eliminated.
Pensive he stood, and with a rising tear, / "What lands, Achates, on the earth, but know / our labours?"
Pentagon officials won't say when the problem turned up and refused to discuss details about the flight.
Pentagon officials won’t say when the problem turned up and refused to discuss details about the flight.
Pentecost is a Christian holiday.
Penthesilea's Amazonian train / with moony shields. Bare-breasted, in the van, / girt with a golden zone, the maiden fights with man.
People 65 and above get a pension from the government.
People I admire most are those who do not see life in terms of power.
People Tom's age don't make new friends easily.
People above 18 may drive.
People abusing hard drugs are gradually becoming insensitive monsters.
People accused Tom of being biased.
People accused me of being late all the time.
People achieve more when they cooperate.
People acquire houses, I acquire books.
People act without thinking sometimes.
People actually do that.
People actually live here?
People affected by floods need our help.
People affiliated to that organization are now shitting their pants.
People all around the world celebrate Christmas.
People all love talking.
People all over the world are anxious for peace.
People all over the world enjoy doing this.
People all over the world have enjoyed his music.
People almost always react to frustration in the same way.
People also have to take care of the Botanic Garden. But machines can do some of the work. Computers operate the environmental control system in the Conservatory. They can do things like raise and lower shade cloth over the windows and control heat and air-handling equipment. The computers make sure temperatures and humidity levels are just right in relation to the weather outside.
People also live behind the mountain.
People always ask me that.
People always ask me why I do what I do.
People always assume the worst.
People always complain about the weather.
People always cut the corner at junctions.
People always disappoint you.
People always do things like that.
People always find a reason to be unhappy, no matter how good their life is.
People always find a reason to be unhappy, no matter how good their life may be.
People always have to wait for you.
People always laugh at me.
People always make fun of Tom because of that.
People always make fun of Tom.
People always make fun of me because of that.
People always make fun of me when they find out I'm colorblind.
People always say I'm very friendly.
People always say that when you kiss a frog, it'll turn into a prince, but I've never seen it happen.
People always seem to enjoy talking about other people's problems.
People always seem to want to discuss their problems with me.
People always told me to be careful about what I did.
People always want to blame someone else for all their problems.
People amassed along the streets to watch the parade.
People and animals are suffering from heat.
People and animals on Earth deserve to live in peace.
People and robots can cooperate with each other in making life easier.
People and time, you need to accept them as they are.
People and winds change quickly.
People applaud a singer because he sang well, or maybe because he finally stopped.
People appreciate clarity.
People appreciate me.
People are a bit friendlier in Australia.
People are a bit friendlier in Boston.
People are a lot friendlier in Boston.
People are able to set up private businesses in Algeria.
People are accepting Islam every day.
People are addicted to gossip.
People are advised to drive with caution.
People are afraid of change.
People are afraid of change. But change drives the world.
People are afraid of going out.
People are afraid of nuclear power because nuclear disasters, when they do happen, have a severe impact.
People are afraid of the future.
People are afraid of the truth.
People are afraid of us.
People are afraid of war.
People are afraid to do that.
People are afraid to walk around here after dark.
People are all about themselves and their problems.
People are all making fun of you!
People are allowed to judge you.
People are already talking.
People are always asking me if I know Tom Jackson.
People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I don't believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and if they can't find them, make them.
People are always dying.
People are always going to talk.
People are always saying that.
People are always saying, "You're dead! You're dead!" I think this attitude is what psychologists call "projection." They are thinking about themselves.
People are always telling me I have beautiful eyes.
People are always telling me that I speak French very well.
People are always telling me to do that.
People are amazed.
People are angry.
People are animals.
People are appreciative.
People are apt to look down on those who do not share their views and convictions.
People are apt to make excuses.
People are apt to take it for granted that professors can speak English.
People are apt to take it for granted that the professor can speak English.
People are at least four times as likely to regret having children as they are to regret gender-affirming surgeries.
People are awfully nice here.
People are bad; they only think of themselves. I'm the only one who thinks about me.
People are becoming more and more aware of the dangers posed by drugs.
People are becoming more short-tempered and violent.
People are beginning to notice Tom.
People are beginning to notice us.
People are beginning to panic.
People are beginning to perspire.
People are being killed randomly.
People are being laid off.
People are blind to ecocide.
People are blindly and aimlessly walking in the labyrinth of the present.
People are boasting about this on Tiktok.
People are born with all sorts of medical conditions.
People are bred to conform like dogs.
People are bustling about.
People are buying iMacs the same way they buy household appliances.
People are buying stuff.
People are capable of anything.
People are capable of doing anything.
People are capable of reason.
People are catching on.
People are changing continuously.
People are choking.
People are clearly fed up.
People are coming back.
People are coming out.
People are complicated organisms.
People are complicated.
People are concerned about racial problems.
People are concerned.
People are cool when they're gutsy, doesn't matter if they're men or women.
People are cool when they’re gutsy, doesn’t matter if they’re men or women.
People are counting on us.
People are creatures of habit.
People are crying out against the new tax.
People are dancing and celebrating in the city's streets and squares.
People are dancing in the streets.
People are depending on us.
People are depending on you.
People are different here.
People are different there.
People are different today.
People are disappointed at the number of angry participants.
People are divided on whether a universal basic income is feasible.
People are drinking too much.
People are dumb animals.
People are dying now.
People are dying of starvation in Yemen.
People are dying out there.
People are dying simply because they refuse to change their diet.
People are dying.
People are egoist.
People are enthusiastic about finding life on Mars.
People are especially fascinated by that which is furthest from them.
People are expected to try and achieve more in the time available.
People are expecting me.
People are expecting more.
People are fallible.
People are falling into poverty.
People are fascinating and scary.
People are fascinating to watch.
People are fascinating.
People are fed up with the West's racism and hypocrisy.
People are fed up with the restrictions.
People are fleeing Morocco's economic crisis.
People are fleeing from the northern part of the enclave to its southern part.
People are foolish.
People are forever going in and out of university towns.
People are free to express their views.
People are free to use other names than Tom and Mary.
People are free.
People are friendly in Australia.
People are frustrated with Western racism.
People are frustrated with the West's war crimes.
People are fucking crazy. Why would anyone believe Iron Age nonsense in the year 2022?
People are full of surprises.
People are funny.
People are gathering outside.
People are gathering.
People are generally good.
People are generally stupid.
People are getting antsy.
People are getting down.
People are getting hurt.
People are getting killed every day.
People are getting killed.
People are getting more concerned about the matter.
People are getting restless.
People are getting scared.
People are getting sick.
People are getting the message.
People are given a lot of pleasure by music.
People are going hungry.
People are going to die.
People are going to get carried away.
People are going to leave Yanni.
People are going to notice.
People are going to talk.
People are going to the cemetery today to pay respect to their deceased loved ones.
People are gonna leave Ziri.
People are good.
People are horrible.
People are hugging strangers.
People are hungry here.
People are illogical.
People are increasingly purchasing a second car.
People are inherently good.
People are inside.
People are judged by their actions not by their appearance.
People are judged by their skin colour.
People are just different.
People are just dying to meet you.
People are just dying to try something different.
People are killing people.
People are leaving Lebanon.
People are leaving rural areas and moving into cities.
People are like books. Some deceive you with their cover, and others surprise you with their content.
People are like guppies in a fishbowl that is the Earth.
People are like trash.
People are likely to be deceived by a smooth talker.
People are likely to believe images, regardless of whether they're true or not, especially when presented by a person they trust.
People are living in all parts of the world.
People are living longer and longer.
People are living longer.
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.
People are looking at us.
People are looking at you.
People are looking for alternatives.
People are looking for answers.
People are looking for sympathy.
People are losing respect for Islam.
People are losing their homes.
