I usually have my breakfast here.
I usually have supper between 7 and 8 p.m.
I usually have to change my clothes two or three times a day during the hot summer in Nagoya.
I usually have to do this by myself.
I usually jerk off to porn rather than my own fantasies.
I usually jog with Cookie in the forest.
I usually just hold down the shift key instead of pressing caps lock.
I usually just ignore things like this.
I usually just take it easy on weekends.
I usually keep a diary when I travel.
I usually keep my passport in this drawer.
I usually keep myself occupied.
I usually keep the foreground color in my graphic design software set to white.
I usually keep things to myself.
I usually keep to myself.
I usually leave for school at about 6:30.
I usually leave her love notes in Berber.
I usually leave home at 6:30.
I usually leave the windows open in the summertime.
I usually left the apartment unlocked.
I usually like Chinese food.
I usually listen to a radio station that plays classical music.
I usually listen to music while I work.
I usually lock my car.
I usually looked for temporary jobs.
I usually make a shopping list before I go shopping.
I usually meet friends on a Saturday evening.
I usually never borrow money from my friends.
I usually never finish reading books that I find boring.
I usually never have an afternoon meal.
I usually only do that in the evening.
I usually only eat a piece of toast and drink a cup of coffee for breakfast.
I usually only eat fruit for breakfast.
I usually only eat one or two meals a day.
I usually only just drink water.
I usually only read the headlines.
I usually only travel with carry-on luggage.
I usually only wear a suit on special occasions.
I usually order the cheapest thing on the menu.
I usually pay for everything in cash.
I usually pay my bills on time.
I usually pick things I'm familiar with.
I usually play tennis.
I usually prefer to pay with credit card and not with cash.
I usually put honey in my tea instead of sugar.
I usually put mangoes in the dessert that I make.
I usually put mushrooms in my spaghetti sauce.
I usually put on some lipstick to feel better about my own looks.
I usually put them there.
I usually read about three books a month.
I usually read labels carefully.
I usually read on the loo.
I usually read on the toilet.
I usually read on the verandah.
I usually read the newspaper during my lunch hour.
I usually read when I'm on the toilet.
I usually read while I eat.
I usually ride my bike on weekends.
I usually ride my bike to school. I mean to the office.
I usually ride the bus home from school.
I usually ride the bus home from work.
I usually see Tom with a book in his hands.
I usually shop around before I buy something.
I usually shop in Oxford Street.
I usually shop with a shopping list.
I usually shower at night.
I usually shower before bed.
I usually shower in the evenings.
I usually shower in the morning.
I usually sing this song in the key of G.
I usually sit in the back.
I usually sit next to Tom.
I usually sit over there.
I usually sleep at 11.
I usually sleep at around two in the morning.
I usually sleep at nine.
I usually sleep eight hours a day.
I usually sleep eight hours.
I usually sleep for about eight hours.
I usually sleep for eight hours.
I usually sleep in a bed.
I usually sleep in this room.
I usually sleep more.
I usually sleep on the bus on my way home.
I usually sleep on the floor.
I usually sleep soundly.
I usually sleep upstairs.
I usually sleep with my windows open in the summer.
I usually sleep with the lights on.
I usually sleep with the window open.
I usually speak French to my parents, but always English to my brothers.
I usually speak French to my teachers.
I usually speak French with Tom.
I usually speak French with my parents, but my brothers and I always speak to each other in English.
I usually spend the little free time I have in an easy chair with a good book.
I usually spend the whole day idly on Sunday.
I usually spend weekends at home.
I usually start my day with a big breakfast.
I usually start work at eleven in the morning.
I usually stay at business hotels.
I usually stay at home all weekend.
I usually stay home on rainy days.
I usually stay indoors on Sunday.
I usually stay indoors on rainy days.
I usually stay up late.
I usually stay up till after midnight.
I usually stop if the light is yellow.
I usually study about three hours a day.
I usually study after dinner.
I usually study after supper.
I usually study for several hours every night.
I usually study math in the evening.
I usually study maths in the evening.
I usually swim a few laps before breakfast.
I usually swim in the morning.
I usually swim in the summer.
I usually swim with my younger brother.
I usually tackle the more difficult problems first while leaving the easier ones for later.
I usually take a bath after dinner.
I usually take a bath at night.
I usually take a bath before going to bed.
I usually take a bus to school.
I usually take a bus to work.
I usually take a nap after lunch.
I usually take a ride.
I usually take a short nap after lunch.
I usually take a shower after I play tennis, but today I couldn't.
I usually take a shower after I play tennis, but today I couldn’t.
I usually take a shower before bed.
I usually take a shower before breakfast.
I usually take a shower before going to bed.
I usually take a shower first thing in the morning.
I usually take a shower in the evening.
I usually take a shower in the morning before going to work.
I usually take a shower in the morning.
I usually take it easy on Sundays.
I usually take it easy on weekends.
I usually take my dogs for a walk in the afternoon.
I usually take my own meaness to a higher level than most other people.
I usually take notes in Berber.
I usually take notes in French.
I usually take size eight shoes.
I usually take stairs two at a time.
I usually take the bus to go to work.
I usually take the bus to work but sometimes I drive.
I usually text her in Berber.
I usually toss my loose change into my desk drawer.
I usually translate from English into Spanish.
I usually travel in first class.
I usually try to do what everybody else does.
I usually try to eat a healthy lunch.
I usually try to obey the rules.
I usually try to sit in the back of the classroom.
I usually try to sit in the back.
I usually try to travel light.
I usually use a French press to make coffee.
I usually use a credit card instead of cash.
I usually use a credit card when I buy things.
I usually use a pillow.
I usually use dental floss as part of my dental hygiene.
I usually use hearts of palm in my recipes.
I usually use honey instead of jam.
I usually use margarine instead of butter.
I usually use oil pastels.
I usually use this a lot.
I usually wake up around 7 o'clock.
I usually wake up at 6 a.m. just to stay in bed until 7 a.m.
I usually wake up at 6.
I usually wake up at about six, but I don't get out of bed until seven.
I usually wake up at dawn.
I usually wake up at six in the morning.
I usually wake up at six o'clock.
I usually wake up at six.
I usually wake up early.
I usually wake up late.
I usually walk faster than Tom does.
I usually walk faster than Tom.
I usually walk home from school.
I usually walk to school if it isn't raining.
I usually walk to school.
I usually walk to the gym.
I usually walk to work, but I drove today.
I usually walk to work.
I usually walk.
I usually wash my clothes at a launderette.
I usually wash my clothes at a laundrette.
I usually watch TV in the evening.
I usually watch documentaries.
I usually watch late-night shows.
I usually watch television before supper.
I usually wear a hat when I'm outside.
I usually wear a hat.
I usually wear a suit.
I usually wear a tie.
I usually wear a white shirt to work.
I usually wear a white shirt.
I usually wear black shoes.
I usually wear black socks.
I usually wear dark clothes.
I usually wear jeans on Sunday.
I usually wear jeans.
I usually wear jewelry.
I usually wear pajamas.
I usually wear slippers in the winter.
I usually wear slippers only in the winter.
I usually went to bed about eleven.
I usually went to bed at ten during the summer vacation.
I usually went to bed at ten in my school days.
I usually went to the movies on Sunday.
I usually win.
I usually work alone.
I usually work from 9 AM to 5 PM, but today I worked until 10 PM.
I usually work from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., but today I worked until 10:00 p.m.
I usually work from nine to five.
I usually work in the morning.
I utterly despise formal writing!
I vacuumed the car.
I vacuumed the room.
I vaguely remember doing that.
I vaguely remember meeting Tom several years ago.
I vaguely remember meeting him.
I vaguely remember something like that happening before.
I vaguely remember something like that happening once.
I vaguely remember that in my high school days, I read a scifi book in the setting of the region and waters of Baja California in the future. I have recollections of other scifi that I can't trace today. Maybe, these books haven't yet been digitized...
I vaguely remember what happened to me.
I vainly cherished the dream of living an infinite love by your side.
I value Mina.
I value Tom as a friend.
I value authenticity in art.
I value cooperation with others.
I value handmade things.
I value my free time very much.
I value my health more than my wealth.
I value my independence and don’t want to be with just one person.
I value my independence and want to enjoy the freedom that comes with being single.
I value my privacy.
I value originality in what I choose.
I value our friendship a great deal.
I value our friendship and the memories we've created.
I value our friendship more than anything.
I value our friendship.
I value personal satisfaction over monetary rewards.
I value physical contact greatly.
I value respect above all else.
I value that a lot about him.
I value the realm of literature.
I value the time I spend relaxing alone.
I value the time we spent together, but the love has faded away.
I value their opinion.
I value their opinions.
I value this a lot.
I value this gift very much.
I value your candor.
I value your friendship more than anything.
I value your friendship very much.
I value your friendship.
I value your help and friendship.
I value your opinion.
I value your opinions.
I vandalized Nuja’s restaurant.
I veered to the right.
I vehemently disagree with his views.
I vehemently disagree with their views.
I vehemently oppose this strike.
I ventured deeper into the forest.
I ventured into the shrubs.
I ventured into the woods.
I ventured off the beaten path.
I ventured to say my opinion at the conference.
I verily believe that your convictions are false.
I very appreciate it.
I very distinctly remember him saying Robert's name.
I very much don't want to have to do that.
I very much doubt her sincerity.
I very much doubt his sincerity.
I very much doubt it.
I very much doubt that that will make any difference.
I very much enjoy having my sentences translated.
I very much enjoy studying languages.
I very much hope so.
I very much hope that I did not pressure him, but that he came with us of his own volition.
I very much hope that we will remain objective and objective.
I very much hope you understand me.
I very much like going to parties and meeting people.
I very much like this colour combination.
I very much like working with people.
I very much regretted having lost so much time.
I very much want to speak with you.
I very nearly had a heart attack and died.
I very quickly became introduced to Islam.
I very rarely eat meat.
I very rarely go to Kabylie.
I very rarely read books in French.
I very rarely think in words at all. A thought comes, and I may try to express it in words afterwards.
I very seldom do that anymore.
I very seldom drink instant coffee.
I very seldom eat breakfast.
I very seldom eat lobster.
I very seldom go to art museums.
I very seldom go to bed before midnight.
I very seldom go to church.
I very seldom kiss Tom anymore.
I very seldom stay out all night.
I very seldom stay out at night.
I very seldom study in the library.
I very seriously doubt that Tom will be here tomorrow afternoon.
I view his error as insignificant.
I view love as a key advantage.
I view love as something extremely precious.
I view sleep as a vital need.
I viewed my action as a crime.
I viewed my action in the light of a crime.
I viewed the picture at a distance.
I violently flinched at the bang.
I visit Algeria regularly.
I visit Australia almost every summer.
I visit Australia every summer.
I visit Australia once a year.
I visit Australia regularly.
I visit Boston at least three times a year.
I visit Boston every summer.
I visit Boston once a month.
I visit Boston quite often.
I visit Boston regularly.
I visit Buddhist temples.
I visit Kabylie quite often.
I visit Kabylie regularly.
I visit Kabylie, Algeria, every summer.
I visit Mina.
I visit Tatoeba almost every day.
I visit Tom every other weekend.
I visit Tom whenever I can.
I visit a beautiful city.
I visit cemeteries all the time.
I visit her every other day.
I visit him every other day.
I visit him often.
I visit my father twice a year.
I visit my friend's house at intervals.
I visit my friend’s house at intervals.
I visit my grandmother every Monday.
I visit my grandmother twice a week.
I visit my grandparents on Sundays.
I visit my grandparents twice a week.
I visit my parents every Sunday without fail.
I visit my stepfather.
I visit the city yearly.
I visit the dentist every two days.
I visit the forest often.
I visit the village every summer.
I visit them every other day.
I visited Algeria last summer.
I visited Algeria's border cities with Tunisia.
I visited Algeria.
I visited American friends in Oakland.
I visited Australia a few years ago.
I visited Australia a long time ago.
I visited Australia for the first time three years ago.
I visited Australia last month.
I visited Australia last spring.
I visited Australia last summer.
I visited Australia last winter.
I visited Australia last year.
I visited Australia three years ago.
I visited Australia with Tom.
I visited Australia.
I visited Baghdad with Sara.
I visited Boston a long time ago.
I visited Boston during summer vacation.
I visited Boston for the first time last summer.
I visited Boston in October.
I visited Boston last month.
I visited Boston last spring.
I visited Boston last year.
I visited Boston many years ago.
I visited Boston recently.
I visited Boston three years ago.
I visited Boston with Tom.
I visited Boston.
I visited Canada a long time ago.
I visited Canada long ago.
I visited Dan.
I visited France twice, once when I was a university student, the second time during a stay in Morocco.
I visited Fukuoka ten years ago.
I visited Hokkaido during summer vacation.
I visited Hollywood while I stayed in Los Angeles.
I visited Kabylie as a tourist.
I visited Kabylie but that was so long ago.
I visited Kabylie, Algeria, many times.
I visited Kushiro for the first time.
I visited Kyoto a long time ago.
I visited Kyoto long ago.
I visited London.
I visited New York for the first time.
I visited Paris a long time ago.
I visited Paris in Europe.
I visited Paris long ago.
I visited Paris, but I didn't climb the Eiffel tower, since I'm afraid of heights.
I visited Rima in the village.
I visited Romania a few years ago.
I visited Rome for the first time in my life.
I visited Tom a number of times in Boston.
I visited Tom in Australia three years ago.
I visited Tom in Australia.
I visited Tom in Boston three years ago.
I visited Tom in Boston.
I visited Tom in October.
I visited Tom in his office.
I visited Tom in the hospital last week.
I visited Tom in the hospital.
I visited Tom in the psych ward and he signed my Bible.
I visited Tom in the psych ward.
I visited Tom last spring in Australia.
I visited Tom last spring in Boston.
I visited Tom last week.
I visited Tom when I was in Australia.
I visited Tom when I was in Boston.
I visited Tom while I was in Australia.
I visited Tom while I was in Boston.
I visited Tom yesterday.
I visited Tom.
I visited Tony yesterday.
I visited Washington and then went to New York this next week.
I visited a castle.
I visited a cool bar.
I visited a lot of different areas in England.
I visited a mosque.
I visited a museum today.
I visited a museum with Alex.
I visited a small town in Catalonia.
I visited a small town not too far from Boston.
I visited all the international airports.
I visited an elementary school.
I visited cities such as New York, Chicago and Boston.
I visited esperantoval.com to sign up for the 2013 Valencian Esperanto Encounter.
I visited her at the hospital in the afternoon, but I forgot the flowers.
I visited her in Germany.
I visited her on Sunday morning.
I visited her this morning.
I visited her with a view to giving a piece of advice.
I visited her, but she was not home.
I visited him a week ago today.
I visited him at intervals during my stay in Paris.
I visited him in Germany.
I visited him in October, as he wished.
I visited him in hospital.
I visited him in the hospital.
I visited him on Sunday morning.
I visited him on a warm May afternoon.
I visited him once in a while.
I visited him once.
I visited him only to find him absent.
I visited him recently.
I visited him this day last week.
I visited him, whom I had not seen for years.
I visited him.
I visited his aunt yesterday.
I visited his house.
I visited many parts of Australia.
I visited many parts of England.
I visited my father's grave.
I visited my father's hometown last summer.
I visited my father’s grave.
I visited my father’s hometown last summer.
I visited my friend Tom yesterday.
I visited my friend who's ill.
I visited my friend yesterday.
I visited my friends Tom and Mary yesterday.
I visited my grandmother's house.
I visited my grandmother’s house.
I visited my parents in Algeria.
I visited my paternal grandparents.
I visited my uncle in the country one day.
I visited one.
I visited some Kabyle villages.
I visited some friends in Boston.
I visited some stores in Boston.
I visited the Hindu island of Bali in Indonesia in 1999 to commemorate the coming end of the second millennium.
I visited the Oregon Coast on vacation once to see the grey sandy beaches.
I visited the atelier of a painter that I had not visited in a long time. This painter had just acquired a new model and he was in a very good mood.
I visited the barbershop.
I visited the castle.
I visited the city.
I visited the hairdresser.
I visited the house in which Shakespeare was born.
I visited the place.
I visited the town for the first time in a long time.
I visited the village Tom was born in.
I visited the village first.
I visited the village he was born in.
I visited the village last month.
I visited the village last year.
I visited the village where Tom was born.
I visited the village where he was born.
I visited the village.
I visited them in Germany.
I visited them when I went to Greece.
I vividly remember my first kiss.
I vividly remember the day we met.
I voluntarily give up my salary.
I volunteer at a homeless shelter.
I volunteer at a municipal kennel.
I volunteer you.
I volunteered at the homeless shelter.
I volunteered to go to Australia.
I volunteered to go to Boston.
I volunteered.
I vomit up all food and drinks.
I vomited at three in the morning.
I vomited at three o'clock this morning.
I vomited on the bus.
I vomited.
I vote for the Alternative for Germany.
I vote that we go to the movies first and eat afterwards.
I vote yes.
I voted "remain".
I voted against it.
I voted against that.
I voted against you.
I voted for Ken.
I voted for Tom last year.
I voted for Tom three years ago.
I voted for Tom.
I voted for her last year.
I voted for her.
I voted for him last year.
I voted for him.
I voted for it.
I voted for myself.
I voted for that.
I voted for the bond issue.
I voted for you last year.
I voted for you.
I voted yes.
I voted.
I vouch for his sincerity.
I vouched for him.
I vowed I'd never do that.
I vowed I'd never go back there.
I vowed never to go back there.
I vowed never to go back.
I vowed that I would never speak to Tom again.
I vowed that I would never speak to her again.
I vowed that I'd never do that.
I vowed that I'd never go back there.
I waded across the stream.
I wagered him a dollar that I'd sell more magazines than he would.
I wagered him a dollar that I’d sell more magazines than he would.
I wait a lot.
I wait for her here.
I wait for the next chapter.
I wait for you anxiously.
I wait for you in Turin!
I wait here until she comes.
I wait in patience.
I wait in the calm of dawn.
I wait, patient as the river flows.
I waited a couple of days.
I waited a long time for Tom.
I waited a long time for that battle.
I waited a long time.
I waited a moment.
I waited a month.
I waited a while.
I waited a whole hour for you.
I waited a whole year for that.
I waited all afternoon in vain.
I waited all day for Tom to come back.
I waited all day for Tom.
I waited all day for somebody to come and help me.
I waited all day for someone to come and help me.
I waited all day, but Tom never came.
I waited all day, but Tom never showed up.
I waited all morning for that to happen.
I waited almost four hours in the store.
I waited alone in front of the hotel.
I waited an hour and a half.
I waited an hour at the bank.
I waited an hour for my friend.
I waited an hour.
I waited and waited and at last John arrived.
I waited and waited.
I waited anxiously in the shade of the marionette theater.
I waited anxiously near the door.
I waited anxiously.
I waited as long as I could.
I waited at the gate for an hour.
I waited by myself in front of the hotel.
I waited every day for my dog to come home.
I waited for Mary all afternoon, but she didn't come.
I waited for Mary all afternoon, but she didn't show up.
I waited for Mary all afternoon, but she never came.
I waited for Mary all afternoon, but she never showed up.
I waited for Mary for three hours, but she never came.
I waited for Mary for three hours, but she never showed up.
I waited for Tom all afternoon, but he didn't come.
I waited for Tom all afternoon, but he didn't show up.
I waited for Tom all afternoon, but he never came.
I waited for Tom all afternoon, but he never showed up.
I waited for Tom all afternoon.
I waited for Tom all day long.
I waited for Tom all day.
I waited for Tom all morning, but Tom never showed up.
I waited for Tom all morning, but he didn't show up.
I waited for Tom all morning, but he never came.
I waited for Tom and Mary all afternoon, but they didn't come.
I waited for Tom and Mary all afternoon, but they didn't show up.
I waited for Tom and Mary all afternoon, but they never came.
I waited for Tom and Mary all afternoon, but they never showed up.
I waited for Tom and Mary for three hours, but they never came.
I waited for Tom and Mary for three hours, but they never showed up.
I waited for Tom and Mary, but they didn't show up.
I waited for Tom and Mary, but they never came.
I waited for Tom at the gate.
I waited for Tom for a long time.
I waited for Tom for three hours, but he never came.
I waited for Tom for three hours, but he never showed up.
I waited for Tom for three hours.
I waited for Tom in front of the store.
I waited for Tom in my car.
I waited for Tom near the pond.
I waited for Tom outside.
I waited for Tom till it got dark.
I waited for Tom to apologize, but he didn't.
I waited for Tom to do that.
I waited for Tom to go.
I waited for Tom to leave.
I waited for Tom to say something else.
I waited for Tom to speak.
I waited for Tom to tell me what to do, but he didn't.
I waited for Tom to tell me what to do.
I waited for Tom until 2:30.
I waited for Tom's reply.
I waited for Tom.
I waited for a bus to come.
I waited for a long time.
I waited for a reply.
I waited for a time.
I waited for a week.
I waited for an ambulance.
I waited for an hour and a half.
I waited for an hour in the meeting room.
I waited for an hour, but he didn't appear.
I waited for an hour, but he didn't show up.
I waited for an hour, but he didn’t appear.
I waited for an important call all weekend.
I waited for as long as I could.
I waited for fifteen minutes.
I waited for five hours.
I waited for her a long time.
I waited for her as long as two hours.
I waited for her for a long time.
I waited for her for a really long time.
I waited for her for an hour.
I waited for her for one hour.
I waited for her forever.
I waited for her till it got dark.
I waited for her to love me for so long that you would be surprised.
I waited for her to say something.
I waited for her to speak.
I waited for her, but she didn't come.
I waited for her.
I waited for him all day long.
I waited for him at the station for an hour, but he didn't show up.
I waited for him at the station for an hour, but he didn’t show up.
I waited for him for 30 minutes.
I waited for him for a long time.
I waited for him for an hour, but he didn’t show up at the end.
I waited for him for an hour.
I waited for him for more than an hour.
I waited for him for one hour.
I waited for him for thirty minutes.
I waited for him till ten.
I waited for him to love me for so long that you would be surprised.
I waited for him to speak.
I waited for him.
I waited for hours, but she didn't show up.
I waited for hours, but she didn’t show up.
I waited for hours.
I waited for just under half an hour.
I waited for more than an hour.
I waited for more than three hours.
I waited for my case to come off the plane and appear on the carousel.
I waited for my friend for an hour.
I waited for my grandma in front of the store.
I waited for my husband till after midnight.
I waited for nightfall.
I waited for one.
I waited for ten minutes, though they seemed like 10 hours to me.
I waited for ten minutes, though they seemed like ten hours to me.
I waited for ten minutes.
I waited for the answer but nobody answered.
I waited for the bus for a long time, but it never came.
I waited for the bus in the snow as long as two hours.
I waited for the bus.
I waited for the call.
I waited for the curtain to rise with my heart beating in excitement.
I waited for the situation to be clear.
I waited for the truck to pass.
I waited for them to let me in.
I waited for them.
I waited for thirty minutes, but Tom never came.
I waited for thirty minutes.
I waited for this day.
I waited for this moment for ages.
I waited for three hours.
I waited for three minutes.
I waited for two days.
I waited for you a long time.
I waited for you all afternoon.
I waited for you all morning.
I waited for you and Tom.
I waited for you and you did not come.
I waited for you at the park.
I waited for you because you had promised to come.
I waited for you for a long time.
I waited for you for hours.
I waited for you for three hours.
I waited for you in the park until 11 o'clock.
I waited for you in the park until eleven.
I waited for you in the park.
I waited for you my entire life.
I waited for you till ten o'clock.
I waited for you to get out of prison.
I waited for you.
I waited for your call all day.
I waited for your call the whole day.
I waited forever, and finally, John came.
I waited half an hour for my friend, but he didn't turn up.
I waited half an hour for my friend, but he didn’t turn up.
I waited half an hour.
I waited half the afternoon for Tom, but he never showed up.
I waited in hiding.
I waited in line at a popular ramen shop for two hours.
I waited in line for what seemed like hours.
I waited in the car.
I waited in the lobby for three hours.
I waited in vain.
I waited inside.
I waited just under half an hour.
I waited long.
I waited many hours, but she didn't come.
I waited more than a week for you.
I waited more than three hours.
I waited more than two hours.
I waited nearby.
I waited obediently.
I waited outside for Tom.
I waited outside for her.
I waited outside for him.
I waited outside for them.
I waited outside for you.
I waited outside on the chance of seeing you.
I waited outside, thinking that we might meet bump into each other.
I waited over a week.
I waited so long for this.
I waited the entire weekend for an important phone call.
I waited there for a while.
I waited there for hours.
I waited thirty minutes.
I waited three hours before I realised that there was no point waiting any longer.
I waited three hours for you.
I waited three hours.
I waited two hours for the bus outside in the snow.
I waited until 2:30.
I waited until I had the money.
I waited until Tom left before entering the room.
I waited until the last minute.
I waited up for Skura.
I waited up for Tom.
I waited up for him until ten o'clock.
I waited up for him until ten o’clock.
I waited up.
I waited with Tom.
I waited without expecting any result.
I waited, wondering if there would be an answer, and then what to my astonished ears should come but the sound of a turtledove’s low, sad, lonesome call from the other direction farther up the path.
I waited.
I waived the fee.
I wake Tom up every morning at six o'clock.
I wake him at six every morning.
I wake him up at 6 every morning.
I wake him up at six o'clock in the morning every day.
I wake up 6 o'clock but I get up 7 o'clock.
I wake up 6:00 o'clock, but I get up 7:00 o'clock.
I wake up at 7 every morning on weekdays.
I wake up at 7 o'clock every morning.
I wake up at 7 o'clock.
I wake up at 7 o’clock.
I wake up at 8:00.
I wake up at eight o'clock.
I wake up at eight.
I wake up at four in the morning every day and can’t go back to sleep.
I wake up at half past five in the morning.
I wake up at half past six in the morning.
I wake up at seven o'clock every day.
I wake up at six o'clock in the morning.
I wake up at six, but I don't get out of bed until seven.
I wake up at the sound of the alarm.
I wake up early in the morning.
I wake up early to go to work.
I wake up early.
I wake up every day at 6.
I wake up every morning before dawn.
I wake up every morning before the dawn.
I wake up every morning with a headache.
I wake up in the morning at seven.
I wake up in the morning wondering what's for dinner. I call out to my boy, I say "Link, get in here! I'm hungry and I want to get something to eat — and hurry, 'cause I'm about to run out of weed."
I wake up late on Sundays, and I wake up early from Monday to Saturday.
I wake up to the sound of music.
I wake up very early.
I wake up with difficulty.
I wake up.
I walk a lot because I don't have a car.
I walk a lot because it's healthy.
I walk a lot from my home to my school.
I walk a lot, because it's healthy.
I walk a lot, since it's healthy.
I walk a lot.
I walk about three miles a day.
I walk across that bridge every morning on the way to school.
I walk all the time.
I walk alone in the train station.
I walk alone.
I walk around the house naked.
I walk at least three kilometers a day.
I walk because I don't have a car.
I walk briskly out of the bathroom.
I walk by Tom's house every day.
I walk by the river.
I walk down the street.
I walk every day.
I walk everywhere.
I walk fast.
I walk faster than you.
I walk for exercise.
I walk from here to the train station.
I walk in quiet strength.
I walk in the footsteps of those who came before me.
I walk in the forest every day.
I walk in the morning.
I walk in the night down the wrong path, not knowing where I come from, unsure of where I'm going.
I walk in the park.
I walk in the rain like an idiot and you're not there.
I walk in the rain like an idiot and you’re not there.
I walk inside.
I walk like a penguin.
I walk my dog along the river every morning.
I walk my dog every morning.
I walk my dog every night.
I walk my dog in the evenings.
I walk my dog in the park every morning.
I walk my dog in the park.
I walk my dog in the woods.
I walk my little sister to school every morning.
I walk on water.
I walk or get the tram to uni.
I walk past that church every day.
I walk past that mosque every day.
I walk past that synagogue every day.
I walk past that temple every day.
I walk past the church every day.
I walk quickly.
I walk regardless of whether or not I own a car.
I walk singing in Greek.
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
I walk slowly.
I walk the path of quiet courage.
I walk the world alone.
I walk through life with a steady heart and open mind.
I walk through the forest, feeling its ancient wisdom.
I walk through the valley of silence.
I walk to Bilthoven.
I walk to school every day.
I walk to school every morning.
I walk to school in 30 minutes.
I walk to school.
I walk to the house.
I walk to the park after eating.
I walk to the park.
I walk to work every day.
I walk to work.
I walk too slow.
I walk twenty miles a day.
I walk very fast.
I walk very slowly.
I walk with a limp.
I walk with grace, capturing every eye.
I walk with hope in every step.
I walk with hope in my heart.
I walk with purpose, never wavering.
I walk with quiet certainty.
I walk with quiet determination.
I walk with the strength of the river.
I walk with the strength of the waves.
I walk without knowing where I'm going.
I walk without knowing where my feet will take me.
I walk without knowing where.
I walk, but not because I don't own a car.
I walk.
I walked 10 kilometers today.
I walked 10 kilometres today.
I walked Mary home.
I walked a little bit away from the campsite.
I walked a little further from the tent.
I walked a little more into the woods.
I walked a lot today.
I walked about 1 mile.
I walked about a mile.
I walked about aimlessly on the street.
I walked about for over an hour looking for his house.
I walked about six feet ahead.
I walked about the street.
I walked across the bridge.
I walked across the park.
I walked across the street.
I walked again. Around 15:00, I found myself in Tim Hortons café again, this time for an Earl Grey tea with oat milk. At first, in the hall, there were only I at one corner and a lively olive-skinned black-haired man sitting at another corner. The sunshine bathed the hall through the bay windows. Then, a threesome African family sat and ate, then left. Some multiracial kids came to sit and read printed books. A familiar big-bodied Japanoid came in, holding a big plastic jug with dark purplish juice liquid inside. He ordered a pinkish red slush drink, and he sat a table in front of me. He was wearing a brown checkered jacket, green shirt, and blue jeans. He carried a big green sack. He plugged earphones into his ears.
I walked aimlessly about the street.
I walked aimlessly throughout the city.
I walked all the way to Boston.
I walked all the way to the station.
I walked alone.
I walked along Park Street.
I walked along a lane bordered with hedgerows.
I walked along the beach when the tide ebbed.
I walked along the footpath.
I walked along the main street.
I walked along the river until I got to the iron bridge.
I walked along the river.
I walked along the street.
I walked an entire ten miles.
I walked around aimlessly until I came across a path that seemed familiar.
I walked around aimlessly.
I walked around all day, and I am all in.
I walked around all day, and I am done in.
I walked around for ages trying to pick a good restaurant to visit, but in the end I just ended up going home and cooking for myself.
I walked around in the field.
I walked around outside the house.
I walked around the block.
I walked around the city looking for a good restaurant.
I walked around the flat that was once my home.
I walked around the store.
I walked around to the driver's side door and got in.
I walked around town wherever my feet led me.
I walked around.
I walked as far as the post office, where I took the bus for Tokyo Station.
I walked as far as the school.
I walked as far as the station.
I walked as slowly as I could.
I walked at a brisk pace.
I walked at night, here on Lulu Island. As I entered Starbucks café, sitting at a table with two Doritos bags of chips, one purple and one red, were Peter the redheaded Anglo and Hans the Netherlander on a motorized wheelchair, who offered to me. I took a few chips from both bags. Then, I was drinking reddish Passion Tango iced tea, then Oat Nog Latte. I was munching on crème brûlée almonds. I was exercising with my hand grip strengthener at my table. There were a regular couple with seemingly American spoken accents. The man was a handsome white-haired bear, always wearing a sports outfit. At Hans' request after he exited, Peter gave the purple Doritos bag to me and the red one to Chris the Japanese-English hybrid, who was a barista. The other barista was Jessica the petite Vietnamese. There were Filipino customers. Jessica asked me if I knew what was "lomi" (a Filipino noodle dish). I said that it was "rāmen." Homebound, walking, I accidentally tripped on a wooden board in a dark alleyway. My eyeglasses fell off. Luckily, I was not hurt. A Cantonese labourer helped me. Today is the 14th of December of 2024.
I walked away at a brisk pace.
I walked away.
I walked back and forth on the street.
I walked back into my office.
I walked back into the building.
I walked back to my office.
I walked back to the campsite.
I walked back to the house.
I walked back to the tent.
I walked back to the tree.
I walked back towards the tents.
I walked barefoot over burning coals.
I walked by a little girl playing jumprope on the sidewalk.
I walked close to him.
I walked closer to the clearing.
I walked directly to the window.
I walked down the dark hallway.
I walked down the hall to Tom's office.
I walked down the narrow path in the dark.
I walked down the road.
I walked down to the river.
I walked downstairs.
I walked downtown.
I walked first, and he came behind.
I walked for an hour.
I walked for two hours in the afternoon heat.
I walked from the station.
I walked here and there on the street.
I walked here.
I walked home alone.
I walked home by myself.
I walked home in the rain without an umbrella.
I walked home through the park.
I walked home yesterday.
I walked home.
I walked in a contrary direction to everyone else.
I walked in on my gym teacher.
I walked in the park for an hour.
I walked in the woods by myself.
I walked in with my head down.
I walked inside.
I walked into Chuck's Diner, hoping to run into Tom.
I walked into a dimly lit alley.
I walked into a door.
I walked into a mirror.
I walked into a trap.
I walked into a wall.
I walked into my house.
I walked into the classroom.
I walked into the house.
I walked into the lift.
I walked into the office.
I walked into the restaurant.
I walked into the room.
I walked into the store and took off my hat and gloves.
I walked my dog.
I walked on my heart.
I walked on the curvy path, excited to see what's next.
I walked on the gravel path.
I walked on the path.
I walked on tiptoes so as not to wake the baby.
I walked our dog this morning, but usually Tom is the one who walks her.
I walked out immediately.
I walked out in the middle of it. Let's go and have a cuppa.
I walked out of the cave.
I walked out of the clinic without paying my dentist.
I walked out of the movie.
I walked out.
I walked outside.
I walked over and kicked him in the nuts.
I walked over and said hi.
I walked over to Tom's desk and handed him a pair of scissors.
I walked over to the door.
I walked over to where Tom was sitting.
I walked past Mom's empty bed and I started crying.
I walked past Tom's car without noticing it.
I walked past Tom's house.
I walked past a house.
I walked past his house again.
I walked past that man.
I walked past the construction site on my way here.
I walked probably twentyish minutes from the road.
I walked quickly down the road.
I walked quickly so that I might catch the first train.
I walked quietly so that they would not hear me.
I walked quietly, so that they wouldn't hear me.
I walked slowly.
I walked so much my feet hurt.
I walked softly for fear of waking the baby.
I walked straight ahead without looking to the side.
I walked straight past her as if I didn't know her.
I walked the dog for Tom.
I walked the dog in spite of the rain.
I walked the length of the street.
I walked the whole way to the station.
I walked there as if going to forced labor.
I walked there.
I walked thirteen kilometers today.
I walked thirteen kilometres today.
I walked three kilometers this morning.
I walked three kilometers today.
I walked three miles yesterday.
I walked three-fourths of a mile.
I walked through the cars of the train to find a seat.
I walked through the deserted streets around the witching hour.
I walked through the gate into the street.
I walked through the shop, unable to find what I wanted.
I walked through the snow to my place of work.
I walked through the woods by myself.
I walked through the woods.
I walked till my legs got stiff.
I walked to Tala Hamza.
I walked to Tim Hortons café at about 5, then later at 9, this chilly but sunny morning of the 29th of June of 2025. I enjoyed an Earl Grey tea with oat milk, a Sausage Egg English Muffin, an Iced Coffee with oat milk, and a Scrambled Egg Sausage Potato Box. I was thinking there at my table about my adolescent days when I was fascinated with enclosed shopping malls, like Lulu Island's Richmond Centre and Lansdowne Centre, as well as Vancouver's Harbour Centre Mall, and reflecting on future space colonies on Luna, Mars, Saturn's moon Titan, and Neptune's moon Triton, as I tied the ideas with the speculative fiction that I was reading and watching then. Of course, that time was before the advent of advanced Artificial Intelligence that we have today and the observance of the years passing by with such slow progress in crewed space travel. I have had to adjust my vision of the future, accordingly. Maybe, AI will help humans to that end? Or, maybe, AI will be the major player?
I walked to her house, I even went to your home.
I walked to my house.
I walked to school back then.
I walked to school when I was young.
I walked to school.
I walked to the car very quickly.
I walked to the department store while looking at the cherry blossoms.
I walked to the door and opened it.
I walked to the gate and opened it.
I walked to the house.
I walked to the shops.
I walked to the side of the house.
I walked to the village.
I walked toward the park.
I walked towards the light source.
I walked towards the park.
I walked towards the school.
I walked to the window and looked out.
I walked two miles in the woods.
I walked until I could walk no further.
I walked until I got too tired to walk anymore.
I walked until my legs felt tired.
I walked until my legs got tired.
I walked until my legs were tired.
I walked up the hill.
I walked up three flights of stairs.
I walked up to the teacher and yelled at her.
I walked up to the villager to ask for directions, but they looked spaced and unable to speak.
I walked upstairs.
I walked very quickly.
I walked with Tom.
I walked with a group.
I walked without hope, already resigned to the certain fate of being abandoned forever.
I walked.
I wander without a specific goal.
I wander.
I wandered about aimlessly all day.
I wandered about the streets all day.
I wandered alone.
I wandered around for a while.
I wandered around the streets of the city.
I wandered around the village.
I wandered around.
I wandered far away.
I wandered lonely as a cloud that floats on high over vales and hills, when all at once I saw a crowd, a host, of golden daffodils.
I wandered off.
I wandered through familiar streets, feeling like a stranger in my own life.
I wandered through that region completely alone.
I wandered through the woods at night.
I wandered, on a moonlight night, through the grass-grown enclosure within: here I stumbled over a marble hearth, and there over a fallen fragment of cornice.
I wanna apologize.
I wanna be Muslim.
I wanna be a Muslim.
I wanna be a magician when I grow up.
I wanna be a roomba. I want knives taped to me. I wanna be let loose.
I wanna be a smart man like Jamal when I grow up.
I wanna be a writer now.
I wanna be at home at four o'clock for the series finale.
I wanna be cuter.
I wanna be free.
I wanna be the very best.
I wanna be with her.
I wanna be with you for ever.
I wanna be with you.
I wanna buy fruit.
I wanna come back to Lucca.
I wanna destroy YouTube.
I wanna eat. But not here.
I wanna find something like that.
I wanna get out of here!
I wanna get paid.
I wanna go back to that house.
I wanna go home.
I wanna go out.
I wanna go to Japan.
I wanna go to Kabylie.
I wanna go to New York.
I wanna go to Tom's next time.
I wanna go to the bathroom.
I wanna go to the beach.
I wanna go to the bitch.
I wanna go!
I wanna go.
I wanna have dinner in a restaurant.
I wanna have your babies.
I wanna jump for joy.
I wanna know her name.
I wanna know who did it.
I wanna learn more about Algeria.
I wanna live forever.
I wanna live my own life.
I wanna love you forever!
I wanna make love to you.
I wanna make tonight a perfect night.
I wanna marry a gamer girl.
I wanna pick something.
I wanna quit my job.
I wanna say something.
I wanna say sorry.
I wanna see if I'm pregnant.
I wanna see the afterlife without dying.
I wanna see them!
I wanna see you right now.
I wanna see you.
I wanna see your beautiful face.
I wanna see your expression.
I wanna take shahada.
I wanna talk about my experience teaching Berber in Algeria.
I wanna travel.
I wanna try again.
I wanna try it again.
I wanna visit Paris, New York and Tokyo someday.
I wanna want.
I want COVID to be over already so I can go to live concerts like I did before.
I want Dorayaki!
I want Fadil to be happy.
I want Italian dressing on my salad.
I want Mary back in my life.
I want Mary back.
I want Mary brought to justice.
I want Mary to do that by herself.
I want Mary to keep doing just what she's been doing.
I want Mary to let Tom finish.
I want Mary to let Tom speak.
I want Mary to say that she was wrong.
I want Mary to stay where she is.
I want Mary to think again about this topic.
I want Mary to think she's smarter than us.
I want Mary.
I want Mr Brown paged.
I want Nino to win.
I want Sami to be thrown out.
I want Sami to go.
I want Tom alive.
I want Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
I want Tom and Mary to keep doing just what they've been doing.
I want Tom and Mary to say that they were wrong.
I want Tom and Mary to work on this together.
I want Tom and Mary working together on this.
I want Tom arrested for murder.
I want Tom arrested.
I want Tom back.
I want Tom beaten up.
I want Tom behind bars.
I want Tom brought here now.
I want Tom brought to justice.
I want Tom dead.
I want Tom fired.
I want Tom gone by noon.
I want Tom gone by the time I get home.
I want Tom here first thing tomorrow.
I want Tom here now.
I want Tom here.
I want Tom kept away from here.
I want Tom killed.
I want Tom left alone.
I want Tom off this ship.
I want Tom on my team.
I want Tom on the phone.
I want Tom out of here.
I want Tom out of my house.
I want Tom out of my life.
I want Tom punished immediately.
I want Tom put in prison.
I want Tom released immediately.
I want Tom reprimanded.
I want Tom stopped before he does anything worse.
I want Tom there.
I want Tom to admit he was wrong.
I want Tom to admit that he was wrong.
I want Tom to apologize.
I want Tom to ask Mary if she's planning to go to Australia with us.
I want Tom to ask Mary if she's planning to go to Boston with us.
I want Tom to babysit my children.
I want Tom to be arrested.
I want Tom to be happy.
I want Tom to be here for Christmas.
I want Tom to be here.
I want Tom to be honest with me.
I want Tom to be punished.
I want Tom to be safe.
I want Tom to be the one to tell you.
I want Tom to be thrown out.
I want Tom to be with me.
I want Tom to bring me a cup of coffee.
I want Tom to buy Mary a birthday present.
I want Tom to buy some eggs.
I want Tom to buy that.
I want Tom to call every day.
I want Tom to change his mind.
I want Tom to clean his room.
I want Tom to clean the kitchen.
I want Tom to clean the living room.
I want Tom to come back to Australia.
I want Tom to come back.
I want Tom to come here right away.
I want Tom to come here.
I want Tom to come home.
I want Tom to come over and apologize to Mary.
I want Tom to come over for dinner.
I want Tom to come to Australia for Christmas.
I want Tom to come to Australia.
I want Tom to come to Boston for Christmas.
I want Tom to come to Boston.
I want Tom to come to my party.
I want Tom to come with us.
I want Tom to come.
I want Tom to continue doing things just the way he's been doing them.
I want Tom to continue doing things just the way he's doing them.
I want Tom to cook me something to eat.
I want Tom to decide.
I want Tom to deputize for me.
I want Tom to do it alone.
I want Tom to do it.
I want Tom to do something for Mary.
I want Tom to do something for me.
I want Tom to do that again.
I want Tom to do that by himself.
I want Tom to do that for me, too.
I want Tom to do that for me.
I want Tom to do that for us.
I want Tom to do that right now.
I want Tom to do that with us.
I want Tom to do that, but he told me he wouldn't do it.
I want Tom to do that, but he told me that he wouldn't do it.
I want Tom to do that.
I want Tom to do the same thing that I did.
I want Tom to drive Mary to the library.
I want Tom to drive me home.
I want Tom to drive me to the airport.
I want Tom to drive, so I can sleep.
I want Tom to drive.
I want Tom to eat lunch with me.
I want Tom to eat this.
I want Tom to fail because it would be better for all of us.
I want Tom to fix the damage.
I want Tom to forgive Mary for what she did.
I want Tom to forgive Mary for what she's done.
I want Tom to get involved.
I want Tom to go away and leave me in peace.
I want Tom to go away.
I want Tom to go back to Australia.
I want Tom to go back to Boston.
I want Tom to go fishing with me.
I want Tom to go get me something to eat.
I want Tom to go home.
I want Tom to go outside and play.
I want Tom to go there.
I want Tom to go to Australia to visit his uncle.
I want Tom to go to Australia with Mary.
I want Tom to go to Australia with me.
I want Tom to go to Australia.
I want Tom to go to Boston to visit his uncle.
I want Tom to go to Boston with me.
I want Tom to go to Boston.
I want Tom to go to the supermarket and buy some milk and eggs.
I want Tom to go to the supermarket and buy some milk.
I want Tom to go.
I want Tom to have a chance for a decent life.
I want Tom to have a copy of my novel.
I want Tom to have a decent life.
I want Tom to have a job that he loves.
I want Tom to have fun.
I want Tom to have this.
I want Tom to hear the whole story.
I want Tom to hear your story.
I want Tom to help Mary do that.
I want Tom to help Mary.
I want Tom to help me clean out the garage.
I want Tom to help me clean the garage.
I want Tom to help me clean the house.
I want Tom to help me clean the living room.
I want Tom to help me do that.
I want Tom to help me in the garden.
I want Tom to help me solve the problem.
I want Tom to help me with my homework.
I want Tom to help me.
I want Tom to help us.
I want Tom to help.
I want Tom to introduce me to all his friends.
I want Tom to invite Mary and John over for dinner.
I want Tom to invite me to his party.
I want Tom to keep doing just what he's been doing.
I want Tom to keep it up.
I want Tom to kiss me.
I want Tom to know I didn't do that.
I want Tom to know I didn't mean for this to happen.
I want Tom to know I didn't really want to do that.
I want Tom to know I don't hate him.
I want Tom to know I love him.
I want Tom to know I really don't want to do that.
I want Tom to know I won't do that.
I want Tom to know I've got no beef with him.
I want Tom to know about it.
I want Tom to know he can trust me.
I want Tom to know he doesn't really have to do that.
I want Tom to know that I didn't do that.
I want Tom to know that I didn't mean for this to happen.
I want Tom to know that I didn't really want to do that.
I want Tom to know that I don't hate him.
I want Tom to know that I know how to do that.
I want Tom to know that I know what to do.
I want Tom to know that I love him.
I want Tom to know that I really don't want to do that.
I want Tom to know that I won't do that.
I want Tom to know that he can trust me.
I want Tom to know that he doesn't really have to do that.
I want Tom to know that he isn't allowed to do that.
I want Tom to know that we all love him.
I want Tom to know that we appreciate his help.
I want Tom to know that.
I want Tom to know the truth.
I want Tom to know we all love him.
I want Tom to know we appreciate his help.
I want Tom to know we mean him no harm.
I want Tom to know what happened.
I want Tom to know what really happened.
I want Tom to know what's going on.
I want Tom to know what's happening.
I want Tom to know why I couldn't come to visit him today.
I want Tom to learn how to drive.
I want Tom to learn how to play the trumpet.
I want Tom to leave immediately.
I want Tom to leave me alone.
I want Tom to leave the house.
I want Tom to leave.
I want Tom to let Mary finish.
I want Tom to let Mary speak.
I want Tom to like you.
I want Tom to live.
I want Tom to loan me some money.
I want Tom to look at me.
I want Tom to lose.
I want Tom to love me.
I want Tom to make me breakfast.
I want Tom to meet Mary.
I want Tom to meet me after school.
I want Tom to meet me in front of the school.
I want Tom to meet my parents.
I want Tom to meet you.
I want Tom to move to Australia.
I want Tom to move to Boston with me.
I want Tom to move to Boston.
I want Tom to mow the lawn.
I want Tom to play chess with me.
I want Tom to play something for me on the piano.
I want Tom to play something on the piano.
I want Tom to play tennis with me.
I want Tom to proofread this.
I want Tom to prove me wrong.
I want Tom to quit watching so much TV.
I want Tom to read me a story.
I want Tom to read this.
I want Tom to respect me.
I want Tom to ride with Mary.
I want Tom to say he loves me.
I want Tom to say he was wrong.
I want Tom to say he's wrong.
I want Tom to say that he loves me.
I want Tom to say that he was wrong.
I want Tom to say that he's wrong.
I want Tom to say yes.
I want Tom to see these.
I want Tom to see this.
I want Tom to show Mary how to do that.
I want Tom to show me how to do that.
I want Tom to show me how to make pizza.
I want Tom to show you how to do that.
I want Tom to sign this.
I want Tom to sing a song.
I want Tom to sing at my party.
I want Tom to sing at our wedding.
I want Tom to sing with me.
I want Tom to sing.
I want Tom to sit there alone.
I want Tom to speak to Mary.
I want Tom to stay a bit longer.
I want Tom to stay a little bit longer.
I want Tom to stay as much as I want you to stay.
I want Tom to stay as much as you do.
I want Tom to stay as much as you.
I want Tom to stay at home with the children.
I want Tom to stay away from Mary.
I want Tom to stay away from me.
I want Tom to stay in Australia with me.
I want Tom to stay in Boston with me.
I want Tom to stay where he is until I get back.
I want Tom to stay where he is.
I want Tom to stay with me.
I want Tom to stay.
I want Tom to stop doing that.
I want Tom to stop eating so much junk food.
I want Tom to stop staring at me.
I want Tom to stop.
I want Tom to study French.
I want Tom to study harder.
I want Tom to substitute for me.
I want Tom to succeed.
I want Tom to suffer.
I want Tom to take a look at that.
I want Tom to take out the garbage.
I want Tom to talk to Mary.
I want Tom to teach me how to do that.
I want Tom to teach me how to juggle.
I want Tom to teach me how to swim.
I want Tom to tell Mary about the accident.
I want Tom to tell me about his childhood.
I want Tom to tell me he loves me.
I want Tom to tell me his opinion.
I want Tom to tell me his phone number.
I want Tom to tell me how to do that.
I want Tom to tell me that he loves me.
I want Tom to tell me the truth.
I want Tom to tell me what he meant by that.
I want Tom to tell me what he thinks.
I want Tom to tell me what to do.
I want Tom to tell me why he didn't do that.
I want Tom to tell the truth.
I want Tom to tell us the truth.
I want Tom to think he's smarter than us.
I want Tom to understand that.
I want Tom to understand what has to be done.
I want Tom to understand why I had to do this.
I want Tom to understand why he can't live with us.
I want Tom to understand why he can't stay.
I want Tom to understand why he has to leave.
I want Tom to understand.
I want Tom to wait for me at the library.
I want Tom to wait.
I want Tom to wash the car.
I want Tom to win the election.
I want Tom to win.
I want Tom to write a recommendation for me.
I want Tom told immediately.
I want Tom with me.
I want Tom's help.
I want Tom's money.
I want Tom's old job.
I want Tom's opinion, too.
I want Tom.
I want a 7 layered burrito from Taco Bell.
I want a BLT.
I want a Chicago guide.
I want a Hello Kitty pencil board.
I want a Kabyle dress, too.
I want a Kabyle dress.
I want a Toyota.
I want a baby.
I want a back rub.
I want a ball.
I want a banana.
I want a basket in which to carry these apples.
I want a bath.
I want a beagle.
I want a beautiful dog.
I want a bed next to the window.
I want a beer now.
I want a beer!
I want a beer, too.
I want a beer.
I want a belt.
I want a better future for my children.
I want a better look at this document.
I want a better one than this.
I want a better price on this.
I want a better work-life balance.
I want a bicycle.
I want a big chair.
I want a big dog.
I want a big family.
I want a big seat.
I want a big wedding.
I want a big, dumb dog.
I want a bigger discount.
I want a bigger house.
I want a bigger office.
I want a bigger refrigerator.
I want a bigger room.
I want a bike.
I want a bit more.
I want a bit of cake.
I want a blanket.
I want a blue cake.
I want a blue hat.
I want a blue one.
I want a blue pen, a red one and a black one.
I want a blue, a red and a black pencil.
I want a boat that will take me far away from here.
I want a boat that'll take me far away from here.
I want a boat, too.
I want a boat.
I want a boiled egg.
I want a book in French.
I want a book in Swedish.
I want a book telling about Japanese customs.
I want a book to read in the train.
I want a book to read on the train.
I want a book to read.
I want a book.
I want a book. Where is the bookstore?
I want a bottle of Coca-Cola.
I want a bottle of ice water.
I want a box about this size.
I want a box in which to keep these toys.
I want a box three times as large as this.
I want a box.
I want a boyfriend.
I want a break.
I want a bungalow.
I want a bunk bed.
I want a cab now.
I want a cab.
I want a cake.
I want a camomile.
I want a can of tomatoes.
I want a cap.
I want a capybara.
I want a car like this.
I want a car that runs on solar power.
I want a car, but I don't have money to buy one.
I want a car, but I have no money to buy one.
I want a car.
I want a car. What color it is doesn't matter to me.
I want a car; what colour it is doesn't matter to me.
I want a cat.
I want a cellular phone, but I don't have enough money to pay for one.
I want a cellular phone, but I don’t have enough money to pay for one.
I want a cellular phone.
I want a chabudai.
I want a chair.
I want a challenge.
I want a chamomile tea.
I want a cheeseburger, a coke and some fries.
I want a chess set.
I want a chewy sweet.
I want a child from you.
I want a clear answer.
I want a closer look at that.
I want a closer look.
I want a cocktail.
I want a coffee.
I want a commitment.
I want a compact car with an air conditioner.
I want a complete list of everything Tom purchased.
I want a complete list of your books.
I want a complete report on my desk by 2:30.
I want a computer.
I want a contract.
I want a cookie.
I want a copy of Tom's daily schedule.
I want a copy.
I want a corn dog.
I want a cross of gold.
I want a cup of chocolate please.
I want a cup of coffee and I want it now.
I want a cup of coffee, please.
I want a cup of cold black tea.
I want a cup of iced tea.
I want a cup of iced-tea.
I want a cup of tea.
I want a cup.
I want a daiquiri.
I want a day off.
I want a definite answer.
I want a detailed explanation.
I want a different one.
I want a direct answer.
I want a discount.
I want a distraction.
I want a divorce.
I want a doctor in here now!
I want a doctor who can speak French.
I want a doctor.
I want a dog like that one.
I want a dog like yours.
I want a dog.
I want a doggo.
I want a doggy.
I want a dollar.
I want a donut.
I want a double for two with bath.
I want a double vodka.
I want a double.
I want a dozen cream puffs.
I want a dozen eggs.
I want a drink of water.
I want a drink real bad.
I want a drink!
I want a drink.
I want a drum set.
I want a environment where I can focus on something.
I want a family.
I want a fan.
I want a fast car.
I want a few empty glasses.
I want a few more minutes.
I want a few more.
I want a few potatoes.
I want a fifty-fifty split.
I want a fish.
I want a flat stomach.
I want a flute.
I want a foot bath.
I want a frank opinion.
I want a fresh start.
I want a friend.
I want a full evaluation as soon as possible.
I want a full explanation.
I want a full report as soon as possible.
I want a full report before 2:30.
I want a full report by this time tomorrow.
I want a full report though.
I want a full-time job.
I want a fuller, more satisfying social life.
I want a gift for my wife.
I want a gin and tonic.
I want a girl like you.
I want a girlfriend who's 180 centimetres tall.
I want a girlfriend.
I want a glass of milk.
I want a glass of orange juice.
I want a glass of water.
I want a glass of wine.
I want a glass.
I want a gold cross.
I want a golden cross.
I want a good dictionary.
I want a good job.
I want a good knife.
I want a good life for my family.
I want a good relationship with God.
I want a green one.
I want a guide to Chicago.
I want a guitar.
I want a haircut.
I want a hamster.
I want a hat like Tom is wearing.
I want a hat.
I want a hint.
I want a horse.
I want a hot dog.
I want a hot shower before I go back to work.
I want a house that has a fireplace.
I want a house with a big yard and a white picket fence.
I want a house with a garden.
I want a house with at least one tower.
I want a house without ivy.
I want a house.
I want a hug.
I want a hug. Tom and Mary want hugs, too.
I want a hug. Tom wants a hug, too.
I want a jacket shaped like yours.
I want a jar of preserves.
I want a job in Boston.
I want a job well done.
I want a job.
I want a jump rope with wooden handles.
I want a kiss.
I want a kitchen like this.
I want a kitten!
I want a kitten.
I want a knife to cut the rope with.
I want a knife to sharpen my pencil with.
I want a knife with which to cut the rope.
I want a knife.
I want a lantern.
I want a laptop computer.
I want a laptop.
I want a large family.
I want a large tube of toothpaste.
I want a lawyer who can speak English.
I want a lawyer.
I want a licensed guide who speaks English.
I want a life.
I want a light brown coat.
I want a light spring coat.
I want a lighter shade.
I want a list of all Tom's relatives.
I want a list of everyone in this class.
I want a little afternoon quickie.
I want a little bit of coffee. I don't want anything else.
I want a little bottle of water.
I want a little brother.
I want a little champagne, but don't pour too much.
I want a little dog.
I want a little money.
I want a little water.
I want a log cabin.
I want a lot more.
I want a lot of money.
I want a lot of them.
I want a lot.
I want a low table.
I want a man, not an immature asshole who hasn't figured out what he wants out of life.
I want a map of Texas on a scale of 1 to 250000.
I want a map, so do you mind if we drop by the bookstore for a bit?
I want a map.
I want a martini with three olives.
I want a martini.
I want a masala dosa.
I want a massage. I need to relax.
I want a match. Do you have one?
I want a memento.
I want a microscope.
I want a money back guarantee.
I want a motorboat.
I want a motorcycle like yours.
I want a motorcycle.
I want a muffin.
I want a nap.
I want a new bicycle.
I want a new bike.
I want a new car.
I want a new carpet.
I want a new cellphone!
I want a new coat.
I want a new computer for my birthday.
I want a new computer.
I want a new contract.
I want a new dog.
I want a new dress.
I want a new hat.
I want a new house.
I want a new kitchen.
I want a new knife.
I want a new lamp.
I want a new oven.
I want a new pair of shoes.
I want a new pepper grinder.
I want a new phone.
I want a new shirt. What do you want?
I want a new smartphone!
I want a new stove.
I want a new suit.
I want a new tennis racket.
I want a nice backyard where I can have barbecue parties.
I want a notebook.
I want a pair of black shoes.
I want a pair of buckle vintage shoes.
I want a pair of gloves.
I want a pair of ice skates.
I want a pair of roller skates.
I want a pair of shoes to go with this dress.
I want a pair of skates.
I want a parrot.
I want a pay rise.
I want a peanut butter sandwich.
I want a pear.
I want a pen friend.
I want a pen pal.
I want a pencil and a pen.
I want a person who can speak French.
I want a personal computer.
I want a pet flying fox.
I want a pet pig.
I want a pet tiger.
I want a pet.
I want a physical theory that explains the structure of the universe, clarifies what an observer within a universe is, not a theory that makes the universe dependent on me observing it.
I want a picture of that dog.
I want a picture.
I want a piece of cake.
I want a piece of candy.
I want a piece of chocolate cake.
I want a piece of pie.
I want a piece of wood to make a marionette. Will you give it to me?
I want a pint of beer.
I want a pitcher of beer and a portion of chips.
I want a pizza that’s so big, a single slice would make me full.
I want a plane.
I want a pony for Christmas.
I want a pony!
I want a pony.
I want a pool.
I want a pound of fresh shrimps.
I want a present for my wife.
I want a pretzel.
I want a priest, and a crucifix, so that I may kiss it!
I want a progress report on Monday.
I want a progress report right now.
I want a pupper.
I want a puppy for Christmas.
I want a puppy!
I want a puppy.
I want a purebred dog.
I want a quart of milk.
I want a raccoon.
I want a radio.
I want a raise.
I want a real Cadillac.
I want a receipt.
I want a red car.
I want a red one.
I want a refund!
I want a refund.
I want a reliable brand that has good reviews.
I want a religion that respects the differences that exist between people and that states that each individual has their own personality.
I want a rematch.
I want a ride.
I want a rifle.
I want a roll of color film for prints.
I want a room for tonight.
I want a room of my own.
I want a room to paint a picture in.
I want a room with a sea view.
I want a room with a shower.
I want a room with a view.
I want a room with two beds.
I want a round-trip ticket to Boston.
I want a round-trip ticket to Chicago.
I want a sack of potatoes.
I want a salad.
I want a sample.
I want a sandwich without cheese.
I want a sandwich, too.
I want a sandwich.
I want a scooter.
I want a sculpture.
I want a second chance.
I want a second helping.
I want a second opinion.
I want a share.
I want a shower.
I want a single room if possible.
I want a single room.
I want a skipping rope with wooden handles.
I want a skirt.
I want a small bunch of grapes.
I want a small, white dog.
I want a snack.
I want a soft pillow.
I want a souvenir.
I want a sponge.
I want a status report.
I want a steak dinner.
I want a steak.
I want a stegosaurus.
I want a stew with a wide variety of ingredients.
I want a strawberry.
I want a studio cat.
I want a sub rosa investigation of the bodies.
I want a suit made of this material.
I want a sweater.
I want a sweet.
I want a sweetie.
I want a swimming pool.
I want a sword like this!
I want a sword!
I want a tail.
I want a tattoo like that.
I want a tattoo that shows our love.
I want a telescope.
I want a television set, but I can't afford to buy one.
I want a television set, but I can’t afford to buy one.
I want a third alternative.
I want a third choice.
I want a tie to go with this suit.
I want a towel rack here.
I want a towel rack in the kitchen.
I want a towel.
I want a town free of traffic.
I want a trampoline.
I want a treat.
I want a trumpet.
I want a turtle.
I want a unicycle for my birthday.
I want a unicycle.
I want a van.
I want a vanilla ice cream.
I want a volunteer to help me.
I want a waterbed.
I want a whole lot of money.
I want a wife and children, and so I need a house.
I want a window seat.
I want a word with you in my office.
I want a word with you, Mennad.
I want a word with you.
I want a written report in my hands first thing tomorrow morning.
I want a younger brother.
I want accurate data.
I want adventures that are different from the norm.
I want advice.
I want all children to be happy.
I want all my children to go to college.
I want all of the furniture taken to our house right away.
I want all of you to do your best.
I want all of you to listen carefully.
I want all of you, I'm happy when I'm yours.
I want all that back.
I want all the dogs.
I want all the information about the situation you can gather.
I want all the information you have.
I want all these reports finished by 2:30.
I want an English muffin.
I want an MP3 player!
I want an MP3 player.
I want an aisle seat.
I want an answer from you ASAP.
I want an answer from you as soon as possible.
I want an answer now.
I want an answer to that question.
I want an answer.
I want an apartment by the shore.
I want an apartment with a view of the ocean.
I want an apology.
I want an apple.
I want an attorney.
I want an egg.
I want an electric fan.
I want an enlargement of this photograph.
I want an escort.
I want an explanation about it.
I want an explanation about that.
I want an explanation about this.
I want an explanation and I want it now.
I want an explanation now.
I want an explanation.
I want an honest answer.
I want an hourly update about what's happening.
I want an ice cream with a lot of whipped cream.
I want an ice cream.
I want an infusion.
I want an orange juice or something.
I want an orange.
I want an unblemished lamb.
I want an update.
I want and need to perfect my English.
I want another beer.
I want another chance.
I want another cup of coffee.
I want another cup of tea.
I want another drink.
I want another knife. One that's good for cutting roast.
I want another one.
I want another piece of pizza.
I want another sink in the room.
I want another slice of bread.
I want another slice of pizza.
I want another towel rack here.
I want another towel rack in the bathroom.
I want another.
I want answers and I want them now.
I want answers now.
I want answers to all of my questions.
I want answers to my questions.
I want answers.
I want asylum.
I want at least a 30% discount.
I want back what you've taken from me.
I want bacon.
I want bait.
I want beef, too.
I want beef.
I want beer.
I want blue eyes!
I want books to be written about me.
I want books written about me.
I want both of them.
I want both that one and this one.
I want both these and those.
I want both this one and that one.
I want both those and these.
I want both those and those.
I want both.
I want brandy.
I want bread and jam.
I want bread.
I want breakfast in my room.
I want brown shoes, not black ones.
I want buttered corn.
I want cake, first and foremost.
I want cake.
I want candy.
I want cash.
I want cashews, not almonds.
I want caviar.
I want cereal.
I want champagne, and make sure its super bubbly.
I want change.
I want change. I hate being in one place for too long.
I want cheese.
I want children, but Tom doesn't.
I want children, but my husband doesn't.
I want children.
I want chocolate everything!
I want chocolate!
I want cider.
I want coffee with milk.
I want coffee, toast and jam.
I want coffee, toast, and jelly.
I want coffee.
I want cognac.
I want cold water.
I want corn.
I want corruption to disappear, but I don't want to stop calling my brother-in-law whenever I want something expedited.
I want credit for the work I've done.
I want criticism! I have no use for compliments.
I want croissants.
I want cuddles.
I want curry.
I want death to find me planting my cabbages, but caring little for it, and even less for my imperfect garden.
I want dessert.
I want details.
I want discuss a topic with you if you are available.
I want each of you to be as quiet as a mouse.
I want each of you to take out a piece of paper and write down what happened.
I want each of you to tell me exactly what you did last weekend.
I want earphones that don't hurt my ears.
I want eggs for breakfast tomorrow morning.
I want eggs.
I want eternal life!
I want even more money.
I want every day to be as good as this one.
I want every single thing in this box.
I want everybody out of this room as soon as possible.
I want everybody to be happy.
I want everybody to be respectful.
I want everybody to get out of here.
I want everybody to go home.
I want everybody to go.
I want everybody to have a good time.
I want everybody to have a great time.
I want everybody to know I'm not a murderer.
I want everybody to know I'm not the one who did that.
I want everybody to know I'm sorry.
I want everybody to know about what happened.
I want everybody to know that I'm not a murderer.
I want everybody to know that I'm not the one who did that.
I want everybody to know what open source is, how it works, what it can be used for and what its implications are.
I want everybody to leave me alone.
I want everybody to leave.
I want everybody to love me and it hurts me so when anybody doesn't.
I want everybody to love me.
I want everyone here to help.
I want everyone in my office in 20 minutes.
I want everyone in the conference room tomorrow morning by 8:00.
I want everyone on the deck.
I want everyone to admire me.
I want everyone to be happy.
I want everyone to be quiet.
I want everyone to be there.
I want everyone to bring their children.
I want everyone to envy me.
I want everyone to get out of here.
I want everyone to have a good time.
I want everyone to have a great time.
I want everyone to hear what I have to say.
I want everyone to help me clean the house.
I want everyone to know I'm not a murderer.
I want everyone to know I'm not the one who did that.
I want everyone to know about what happened.
I want everyone to know that I love you.
I want everyone to know that I'm not a murderer.
I want everyone to know that I'm not the one who did that.
I want everyone to know what happened.
I want everyone to leave me alone.
I want everyone to leave.
I want everyone to love me.
I want everyone to remain calm.
I want everyone to remain very calm.
I want everyone to remain where they are.
I want everyone to show me his or her driver's license.
I want everyone to stay where you are.
I want everyone to turn their cameras on.
I want everything back to the way it was.
I want everything in order by this time tomorrow.
I want everything in this box.
I want everything on it.
I want everything or nothing.
I want everything out in the open.
I want everything put back where it was.
I want everything replaced just as we found it.
I want everything spick and span.
I want everything that's not working fixed.
I want everything to be as it was before.
I want everything to be ideal.
I want everything to be just right.
I want everything to be like before.
I want everything to be perfect.
I want everything to go back to how it used to be.
I want everything to go back to how it was before.
I want everything to go back to normal.
I want everything to go back to the way it used to be.
I want everything to go back to the way it was before.
I want everything to go back to the way it was.
I want everything to go right this time.
I want everything to return to how it was.
I want everything to stay as it was.
I want everything to work out just right.
I want everything you just said written into the contract.
I want everything.
I want evidence.
I want exactly what you want.
I want facts.
I want fish.
I want five kÃ¶ftes.
I want five köftes.
I want five meat balls.
I want five meatballs.
I want food.
I want for buy some jewelry for Mary, but I don't know what I should buy.
I want for you and me to be happy.
I want for you to wait until Tom arrives.
I want freedom.
I want friendships that uplift me.
I want fries.
I want fruit.
I want gifts.
I want give a big shout-out to all of you for your nice comments.
I want gold.
I want grandchildren.
I want grandkids.
I want guards posted here and I want them here now.
I want guards posted here.
I want halal food.
I want half a kilo of fresh shrimps.
I want half of a salmon.
I want half.
I want ham.
I want help doing that.
I want help.
I want her arrested for murder.
I want her arrested.
I want her beaten up.
I want her behind bars.
I want her brought here now.
I want her brought to justice.
I want her fired.
I want her gone by noon.
I want her head.
I want her here.
I want her in my office.
I want her kept away from here.
I want her killed.
I want her left alone.
I want her off this ship.
I want her on my jury.
I want her on my team.
I want her on the phone.
I want her out of here.
I want her out of my house.
I want her out of my life.
I want her put in prison.
I want her to apologize.
I want her to be happy.
I want her to call every day.
I want her to come with us.
I want her to do it alone.
I want her to do the difficult work.
I want her to do the hard work.
I want her to go home.
I want her to have this.
I want her to help us.
I want her to keep her promises.
I want her to know that.
I want her to know the truth.
I want her to like you.
I want her to live.
I want her to look at me.
I want her to lose.
I want her to meet you.
I want her to pay for what she's done to this family.
I want her to quit smoking.
I want her to respect me.
I want her to see these.
I want her to see this.
I want her to sign this.
I want her to stop.
I want her to succeed.
I want her to wash the car.
I want her to win the election.
I want her to win.
I want her.
I want him alive.
I want him arrested for murder.
I want him arrested.
I want him at night but I hate him during the day.
I want him beaten up.
I want him behind bars.
I want him brought here now.
I want him brought to justice.
I want him dead.
I want him fired.
I want him gone by noon.
I want him here.
I want him in my office.
I want him kept away from here.
I want him killed.
I want him left alone.
I want him off this ship.
I want him on my team.
I want him on the phone.
I want him out of here.
I want him out of my house.
I want him out of my life.
I want him put in prison.
I want him to apologize.
I want him to be arrested.
I want him to be happy and safe.
I want him to be happy.
I want him to be here for my birthday.
I want him to be informed about that in advance.
I want him to call every day.
I want him to clean his room.
I want him to come with me.
I want him to come with us.
I want him to come.
I want him to die.
I want him to do it alone.
I want him to fall in love with me.
I want him to feel comfortable talking to me.
I want him to go home.
I want him to go there.
I want him to have this.
I want him to help us.
I want him to know that.
I want him to know the truth.
I want him to leave.
I want him to like you.
I want him to live.
I want him to look at me.
I want him to lose.
I want him to meet you.
I want him to play the guitar.
I want him to read this.
I want him to respect me.
I want him to see these.
I want him to see this.
I want him to sign this.
I want him to sing a song.
I want him to solve the problem.
I want him to stop erasing his comments immediately.
I want him to stop.
I want him to succeed.
I want him to suffer.
I want him to think I'm a good person.
I want him to think well of me.
I want him to wash the car.
I want him to win the election.
I want him to win.
I want him.
I want his head.
I want his help.
I want honey.
I want hot water.
I want ice cream for dessert.
I want ice cream with a lot of whipped cream.
I want ice cream.
I want immediate results.
I want in on this.
I want in.
I want it all.
I want it as soon as I can get it.
I want it back.
I want it by today!
I want it delivered to me by noon tomorrow.
I want it done quickly.
I want it done right away.
I want it done within the hour.
I want it even without subtitles!
I want it for Tom.
I want it for my cat!
I want it for my puppy!
I want it from Tom, not from you.
I want it from Tom.
I want it in my office.
I want it my way.
I want it now!
I want it now.
I want it really hot.
I want it so bad.
I want it so much.
I want it tapered in the back.
I want it that way.
I want it this way.
I want it to be a success.
I want it to be a surprise.
I want it to be different this time.
I want it to be easy to start a business, but I don't want someone else to get to where I am without working as hard as I did.
I want it to be great.
I want it to be over as soon as possible.
I want it to be over.
I want it to be perfect.
I want it to be unforgettable.
I want it to happen.
I want it to look like a robbery.
I want it to serve as a lesson to you for the future.
I want it to stay that way.
I want it to stop.
I want it with a lot of ice.
I want it with plenty of ice.
I want it.
I want ivy in my house.
I want juice.
I want justice.
I want ketchup.
I want kids, but Tom doesn't.
I want kids, but my husband doesn't.
I want kids.
I want land.
I want lasagna.
I want less.
I want life to be the way it was before.
I want life to go back to the way it was before.
I want lobster.
I want lots of food!
I want many books to read.
I want many things.
I want meat.
I want milk and cookies!
I want milk in it.
I want milk.
I want mine.
I want money.
I want more bacon.
I want more coffee.
I want more days like this.
I want more detailed information.
I want more details.
I want more food.
I want more from you.
I want more help.
I want more information.
I want more juice.
I want more milk.
I want more money than you.
I want more money.
I want more news.
I want more of that.
I want more of the steak.
I want more people to get involved.
I want more pictures of Uranus.
I want more than an apology.
I want more than just an apology.
I want more than that.
I want more time.
I want more water.
I want more.
I want much more than that from you.
I want much more.
I want my 20 dollars back.
I want my Berber dictionary back and I want it now.
I want my bag.
I want my bicycle back.
I want my boss to shield me from unnecessary stuff.
I want my bride, the little Kirstine, though banish’d from the land I be.
I want my cane.
I want my car to run on gas too.
I want my children back.
I want my children to attain fluency in Berber.
I want my children to be happy.
I want my children to go to college.
I want my children to graduate from high school.
I want my children to have a good education.
I want my children to have dual citizenship.
I want my children to have that opportunity.
I want my children to have the best of everything.
I want my children to learn French.
I want my children to learn to speak French.
I want my children to reach their full potential.
I want my coat.
I want my coffee.
I want my country to win.
I want my daughters to learn to speak French.
I want my desk back.
I want my dictionary back.
I want my dinner brought to my room.
I want my family back.
I want my father to see the movie.
I want my flute back.
I want my food dead. Not sick, not dying, dead.
I want my freedom.
I want my girlfriend back.
I want my grandma.
I want my guitar back.
I want my hair shoulder-length.
I want my half.
I want my hammer back.
I want my husband. Now.
I want my job back.
I want my key back.
I want my kids to be good at Berber.
I want my kids to be good at both Berber and Arabic.
I want my kids to be good at the Berber language.
I want my kids to be happy.
I want my kids to be safe.
I want my kids to have a good education.
I want my kids to have fun.
I want my kids to learn French.
I want my land back.
I want my lawyer.
I want my life back.
I want my life to amount to more than just consuming products and generating garbage.
I want my life to end.
I want my luggage in my room right away.
I want my men to work by themselves.
I want my mom.
I want my mommy.
I want my money back and I want it back now.
I want my money back because this computer program is not as efficient as they promised.
I want my money back now.
I want my money back.
I want my money now.
I want my money returned immediately.
I want my money today.
I want my money.
I want my mother to get well soon.
I want my mother.
I want my muffin.
I want my name to be remembered.
I want my old life back.
I want my own desk.
I want my own house, even if it's a shack.
I want my own house, even if it’s a shack.
I want my own house.
I want my own room.
I want my own shop.
I want my parents not to worry.
I want my parents to be notified.
I want my parents to be proud of me.
I want my part of the money.
I want my phone back.
I want my purse.
I want my real dad!
I want my records back.
I want my room painted white.
I want my sandwich with four slices of tomato and roasted, not raw.
I want my share of the money.
I want my shirt back.
I want my son to become a mechanical engineer.
I want my son to learn in his own language.
I want my songs to be sung by someone famous.
I want my steak medium-well, not well-done.
I want my steak rare.
I want my stuff.
I want my three hundred dollars back.
I want my umbrella back.
I want my voice to be heard.
I want my whole family to be proud of me.
I want names.
I want neither meat nor fish.
I want neither soda nor juice.
I want new business cards.
I want new pants.
I want next week to end when it hasn't even started yet.
I want no other happiness but to live and die beside you.
I want no part of it anymore.
I want no part of that.
I want no part of this.
I want nothing but health.
I want nothing from you.
I want nothing from you; I ask nothing of you; why cannot we be friends?
I want nothing less than your head on my dinner table.
I want nothing less than your head on my table.
I want nothing more than just to achieve perfection in my life.
I want nothing more than to find the son of a bitch who did this!
I want nothing more than to go to the seaside.
I want nothing of the kind.
I want nothing to do with Tom.
I want nothing to do with her.
I want nothing to do with him.
I want nothing to do with it.
I want nothing to do with them.
I want nothing to do with this.
I want nothing to do with you.
I want okra.
I want one like that.
I want one of these.
I want one of those.
I want one right now.
I want one so bad!
I want one thing: tell me the truth.
I want one ticket for 'Three Bigs'.
I want one ticket for ’Three Bigs’.
I want one!
I want one, but not this one.
I want one, too.
I want one.
I want only you.
I want options.
I want orange cotton pants.
I want orange juice.
I want others to agree with me.
I want others to not make the same mistake I did.
I want our baby to have your eyes and your mouth.
I want our baby to look like you.
I want our daughter to be educated in Berber.
I want our daughter to learn Berber.
I want our daughter to speak Berber.
I want our team to win.
I want out.
I want overalls.
I want oysters.
I want pants.
I want paper.
I want pasta.
I want peace.
I want peanuts.
I want people to appreciate the beauty of my native language, and I want to experience how beautiful other languages can be, too.
I want people to believe me.
I want people to do that.
I want people to feel at home here.
I want people to know about what happened here.
I want people to know the truth.
I want people to know what happened.
I want people to know what's going on.
I want people to live.
I want people to realize that.
I want people to remember me that way.
I want people to remember my name after I'm dead.
I want people to see it.
I want people who are able to work.
I want pepperoni on my pizza.
I want permission to go home early.
I want pickles.
I want pizza!
I want pizza.
I want political asylum.
I want popcorn.
I want pork.
I want privacy.
I want proof.
I want quick action subsequent to the decision.
I want quick answers instead of long waits.
I want respect.
I want results.
I want revenge.
I want rice.
I want roast chicken.
I want rum.
I want salt.
I want scent-free soap.
I want seconds.
I want sentences in this language translated to that language.
I want shelter.
I want shoes too but...
I want shoes too however...
I want shoes.
I want silence.
I want snow.
I want so much to declare my love to her.
I want soap.
I want some advice.
I want some albums. Please show me some.
I want some answers and I want them now.
I want some answers.
I want some beautiful flowers put on the table.
I want some beautiful flowers to put on the table.
I want some blow.
I want some bread.
I want some cake.
I want some candy.
I want some coffee badly.
I want some coffee, please.
I want some coffee.
I want some coke.
I want some food.
I want some fresh eggs.
I want some freshly laid eggs.
I want some fruit.
I want some help with this.
I want some help.
I want some ice cream.
I want some information.
I want some milk, but there isn't any in the refrigerator.
I want some milk, but there isn’t any in the refrigerator.
I want some milk.
I want some money.
I want some more couscous.
I want some more ice cream.
I want some more of that.
I want some more.
I want some of that stuff.
I want some of these books.
I want some of those.
I want some of whatever you're on.
I want some of whatever you're smoking.
I want some onion soup.
I want some orange juice.
I want some paper.
I want some papers.
I want some pizza.
I want some popcorn.
I want some pork rinds.
I want some potatoes.
I want some potatoes. Do you have any?
I want some privacy.
I want some salt for my meat.
I want some shaved ice!
I want some shoes for a friend of mine.
I want some tea without sugar.
I want some tea.
I want some time off.
I want some time to think about it.
I want some too.
I want some water to drink.
I want some water.
I want some whiskey.
I want some whisky.
I want some!
I want some, too.
I want somebody else.
I want somebody that's good on their feet.
I want somebody to close the window.
I want somebody to help Tom.
I want somebody to help me.
I want somebody to love me.
I want somebody to love.
I want somebody to talk to.
I want somebody to talk with.
I want someone to close the window.
I want someone to do it for me.
I want someone to follow Tom.
I want someone to help Tom.
I want someone to help me.
I want someone to love me.
I want someone to see it.
I want someone to talk to.
I want someone to talk with.
I want someone to tell me why Tom and Mary aren't here today.
I want someone to tell me why Tom isn't here today.
I want something better than that.
I want something better.
I want something cold to drink now.
I want something cold to drink.
I want something different from my daily life.
I want something different.
I want something dry.
I want something else to do.
I want something else to eat.
I want something else to read.
I want something else.
I want something exotic like this Kabyle dress.
I want something good to eat.
I want something hot to drink.
I want something in return.
I want something like that.
I want something like this.
I want something like what Tom is wearing.
I want something more.
I want something new.
I want something nice to eat.
I want something of Tom's.
I want something refreshing to drink.
I want something sweet to eat.
I want something sweet.
I want something to do.
I want something to drink now.
I want something to drink.
I want something to eat.
I want something to read for when I take the train.
I want something to read on the train.
I want something to read.
I want something to write on.
I want something to write with.
I want something with which to write.
I want soup and bread with honey.
I want soup.
I want specific information.
I want stability in my life.
I want steak tonight.
I want steak.
I want sugar.
I want sushi.
I want tacos.
I want tea, toast and jam.
I want tea.
I want ten dollars.
I want ten plates.
I want that as much as you do.
I want that back.
I want that bag.
I want that blue book on the top shelf. Could you get it for me?
I want that blue jacket.
I want that book, please.
I want that book.
I want that car.
I want that cat.
I want that doll!
I want that doll.
I want that fruit.
I want that gold.
I want that guitar.
I want that information as soon as possible.
I want that job.
I want that later.
I want that more than I've ever wanted anything in my life.
I want that more than Tom does.
I want that more than anything.
I want that now.
I want that one.
I want that product.
I want that report on my desk in one hour.
I want that right now.
I want that shirt too.
I want that style.
I want that to happen again.
I want that to happen as much as you do.
I want that to happen.
I want that turtle home!
I want that, in addition to your work, for there to be other sources of fun in your life.
I want that.
I want the absolute truth.
I want the address.
I want the best life imaginable.
I want the best.
I want the bigger cake.
I want the biggest cake.
I want the blanket.
I want the book.
I want the cassette.
I want the class to be silent.
I want the concert to be a success at any cost.
I want the details.
I want the doctor to come right away.
I want the doctor to examine Tom.
I want the doctor to give me medicine that can stop my pain.
I want the facts.
I want the fan.
I want the files.
I want the freedom to my country, so that other countries can learn something from my free country.
I want the house all to myself.
I want the key.
I want the money you owe me and I want it now.
I want the money.
I want the name of everyone who was here yesterday.
I want the other one.
I want the others to keep my tastes in mind.
I want the person who did this brought to justice.
I want the premium features of this app, but I don't want to pay for them.
I want the prize!
I want the real deal.
I want the real thing.
I want the recipe for this. It's delicious.
I want the red balloon.
I want the rest of the money that you owe me.
I want the rest of the money you owe me.
I want the same dictionary as you have.
I want the same dictionary that your sister has.
I want the same guitar as John has.
I want the same jacket as you are wearing.
I want the same jacket as you're wearing.
I want the same style of coat as you wear now.
I want the same style of jacket as yours.
I want the same thing to happen again.
I want the same thing to happen here.
I want the same thing you do.
I want the same things Tom does.
I want the same things Tom wants.
I want the same watch as my sister has.
I want the same.
I want the time and the health to finish my Icelandic textbook.
I want the towel rack here.
I want the truth from you.
I want the truth to come out.
I want the truth.
I want the two of you to go to Boston with me on Monday.
I want the two of you to quit arguing.
I want the two of you to try to get along with each other.
I want the walls to be painted ecru.
I want the wax cleaned from my ears.
I want the whole world to have the opportunity to be able to do what it wants.
I want the whole world to know about us.
I want the whole world to know how much I love you.
I want the whole world to know that we're going to get married.
I want the whole world to know that we're in love.
I want the whole world to know we're going to get married.
I want the whole world to know we're in love.
I want the work done quickly.
I want the world to know that I love you.
I want the young members to be more active.
I want them alive.
I want them all shot.
I want them all to leave.
I want them all.
I want them arrested.
I want them beaten up.
I want them behind bars.
I want them brought here now.
I want them brought to justice.
I want them fired.
I want them gone by noon.
I want them here.
I want them kept away from here.
I want them killed.
I want them left alone.
I want them off this ship.
I want them on my team.
I want them out of here.
I want them out of my house.
I want them out of my life.
I want them put in prison.
I want them to apologize.
I want them to be happy.
I want them to be my friends.
I want them to be your friends.
I want them to call every day.
I want them to choose me for that job.
I want them to come with us.
I want them to do it alone.
I want them to do it themselves.
I want them to feel what I felt.
I want them to give me my job back.
I want them to give me my money back.
I want them to go home.
I want them to have this.
I want them to help us.
I want them to know that.
I want them to know the truth.
I want them to like you.
I want them to live.
I want them to look at me.
I want them to lose.
I want them to meet you.
I want them to respect me.
I want them to see these.
I want them to see this.
I want them to sign this.
I want them to stay with me.
I want them to stop.
I want them to suffer.
I want them to wash the car.
I want them to win the election.
I want them without shoelaces.
I want them.
I want there to be something to sing.
I want these people out of here.
I want these sweets.
I want these things, but the rest goes to the dump.
I want these.
I want things done my way.
I want things the way they were.
I want things to be different this time.
I want things to change.
I want things to go perfectly all the time.
I want things to return to as they were.
I want things to work between us.
I want things to work out between us.
I want this Japanese-Chinese dictionary.
I want this and that.
I want this and this.
I want this as much as you do.
I want this bag.
I want this building for a garage.
I want this building locked.
I want this building searched from top to bottom.
I want this camera.
I want this car.
I want this cat.
I want this computer repaired.
I want this contract translated word for word.
I want this delivered to Tom by the end of the day.
I want this dictionary.
I want this dog.
I want this done now.
I want this done.
I want this dress, not that one.
I want this fixed as soon as possible.
I want this fruit.
I want this garbage out of here.
I want this guitar.
I want this handled quickly and quietly.
I want this in writing.
I want this jacket.
I want this letter opened now.
I want this letter registered.
I want this luggage carried to my room at once.
I want this luggage taken to my room at once.
I want this matter taken care of immediately.
I want this more than anything in the world.
I want this one and that one.
I want this one myself.
I want this one.
I want this phone.
I want this photograph developed as soon as possible.
I want this product.
I want this puppy.
I want this repaired as soon as possible.
I want this room cleaned.
I want this room sealed.
I want this shirt.
I want this stuff thrown away.
I want this suit cleaned.
I want this telephone.
I want this television.
I want this to be a surprise.
I want this to be over soon.
I want this to be over.
I want this to be yours.
I want this to end.
I want this to happen.
I want this whole thing wrapped up and over as soon as possible.
I want this woman out now.
I want this work completed by two o'clock tomorrow afternoon.
I want this work completed by two o’clock tomorrow afternoon.
I want this work done by next Thursday.
I want this work finished by 2:30.
I want this work finished by five.
I want this yukata.
I want this.
I want those back when you're done.
I want those kids to leave.
I want those reports on my desk within the hour.
I want those responsible for the massacre brought to trial.
I want those shoes!
I want those stamps.
I want those toys.
I want three dollars worth of stamps.
I want three hundred dollars for it.
I want three of them.
I want three pairs of socks.
I want three slices of bread.
I want three sugars in my coffee.
I want three sugars in my milk.
I want time instead of money.
I want time to study this contract thoroughly before signing it.
I want time.
I want to accept Islam.
I want to access RT's website but I can't.
I want to accomplish something in life.
I want to achieve native-like fluency in Berber.
I want to achieve something before I die. Something I'll be remembered for.
I want to achieve something great.
I want to achieve something in life.
I want to achieve something meaningful in my life.
I want to act on my own terms.
I want to actually speak Berber to improve it.
I want to add a search engine to my blog. How can I do that?
I want to add new languages to my resumé.
I want to add this sentence.
I want to age gracefully.
I want to analyze your urine.
I want to answer the last question first.
I want to apologise for calling you a berk in front of your girlfriend.
I want to apologize for all the terrible things I said.
I want to apologize for all the things I said earlier today.
I want to apologize for calling you so late at night.
I want to apologize for calling you so late.
I want to apologize for doing that.
I want to apologize for everything I said.
I want to apologize for everything I've done.
I want to apologize for last night.
I want to apologize for my behavior yesterday evening.
I want to apologize for not being there when you needed me.
I want to apologize for not calling you earlier.
I want to apologize for not telling you earlier.
I want to apologize for the other day.
I want to apologize for the way I acted last night.
I want to apologize for the way I talked to you the last time we met.
I want to apologize for what I did.
I want to apologize to Tom for doing that.
I want to apologize to Tom.
I want to apologize to all of you for what just happened.
I want to apologize to everybody.
I want to apologize to everyone here.
I want to apologize to you for calling you a jerk in front of your girlfriend.
I want to apologize to you.
I want to apologize.
I want to arrive at Kennedy Airport early in the afternoon.
I want to arrive before everyone else.
I want to arrive no later than 7 o'clock however.
I want to ask Mary what she'll do.
I want to ask Tom a few questions.
I want to ask Tom about it myself.
I want to ask Tom and Mary what they'll do.
I want to ask Tom for help.
I want to ask Tom how he does that.
I want to ask Tom some questions.
I want to ask Tom something.
I want to ask Tom to do that.
I want to ask Tom to help me.
I want to ask Tom to meet us at the bank today.
I want to ask Tom to stay for dinner. Is that OK?
I want to ask Tom what he'll do.
I want to ask Tom what he's been doing, but I know I shouldn't.
I want to ask Tom what he's been doing, but I know that I shouldn't.
I want to ask Tom what he's been doing.
I want to ask a doctor.
I want to ask a favor of you.
I want to ask a favour of you.
I want to ask a question.
I want to ask for permission to go.
I want to ask her out, but I don't have the courage.
I want to ask her out, but I don’t have the courage.
I want to ask her something.
I want to ask him for his phone number.
I want to ask him something.
I want to ask my parents to buy me a cute anime mask, but they'll probably say no because they think it's too girly for me.
I want to ask them something.
I want to ask them when their big day is.
I want to ask them when their wedding day is.
I want to ask what his phone number is.
I want to ask you a big favor.
I want to ask you a favor.
I want to ask you a favour.
I want to ask you a few questions.
I want to ask you a question about Islam.
I want to ask you a question.
I want to ask you about Tom.
I want to ask you about her.
I want to ask you about him.
I want to ask you about the money you found.
I want to ask you about them.
I want to ask you about your trip to Boston.
I want to ask you for forgiveness.
I want to ask you one last favor.
I want to ask you one simple question.
I want to ask you some more questions.
I want to ask you some questions about French.
I want to ask you some questions about Tom.
I want to ask you some questions.
I want to ask you something, Ms. Ionescu.
I want to ask you something.
I want to ask you to marry me.
I want to ask, just in case - we should wear our uniforms tomorrow, right?
I want to ask, what is your name and where do you live?
I want to assure you that we've not forgotten you.
I want to attend the party on November 1st.
I want to attend the party.
I want to attend.
I want to audition for that part.
I want to avoid doing that if possible.
I want to avoid phones that have too many issues.
I want to avoid rush hour.
I want to avoid unnecessary risks.
I want to bathe in the sea.
I want to be Chateaubriand or nothing.
I want to be Mrs. Bakir.
I want to be Muslim.
I want to be Tom's friend.
I want to be Tom's roommate.
I want to be a French teacher.
I want to be a Muslim, too.
I want to be a Muslim.
I want to be a Picasso.
I want to be a Spanish teacher.
I want to be a Tamazight teacher one day.
I want to be a banker when I grow up.
I want to be a baseball player.
I want to be a better Muslim. That's why I'm here.
I want to be a better person.
I want to be a bodyguard.
I want to be a carpenter when I grow up.
I want to be a carpenter, just like my dad.
I want to be a carpenter, just like my father.
I want to be a carpenter.
I want to be a cat.
I want to be a celebrity.
I want to be a chemist.
I want to be a child.
I want to be a computer programmer.
I want to be a contender.
I want to be a daredevil.
I want to be a dentist in the future.
I want to be a dentist.
I want to be a designer.
I want to be a developer.
I want to be a diplomat.
I want to be a distinguished professor.
I want to be a doctor in the future.
I want to be a doctor or a nurse or a teacher.
I want to be a doctor when I grow up.
I want to be a doctor.
I want to be a famous baseball player.
I want to be a famous basketball player.
I want to be a farmer like my father.
I want to be a father to your son.
I want to be a film star.
I want to be a fire fighter.
I want to be a firefighter.
I want to be a fireman.
I want to be a football player.
I want to be a forester.
I want to be a goat.
I want to be a good father.
I want to be a good listener.
I want to be a good player like you.
I want to be a guitarist.
I want to be a helicopter pilot.
I want to be a hero.
I want to be a janitor.
I want to be a journalist.
I want to be a kindergarten teacher.
I want to be a lawyer.
I want to be a leader that people can respect.
I want to be a leader that people respect.
I want to be a linguist.
I want to be a lumberjack.
I want to be a magician.
I want to be a mathematician.
I want to be a mechanic.
I want to be a millionaire.
I want to be a monk in an ancient monastery.
I want to be a movie star.
I want to be a music therapist.
I want to be a musician.
I want to be a nature photographer.
I want to be a nurse.
I want to be a paramedic.
I want to be a part of this.
I want to be a pastry cook.
I want to be a pharmacist.
I want to be a physician in the future.
I want to be a pianist.
I want to be a pilot in the future.
I want to be a pilot when I grow up, but I'm scared of heights.
I want to be a pilot when I grow up.
I want to be a pilot.
I want to be a plumber, just like my dad.
I want to be a plumber, just like my father.
I want to be a poet.
I want to be a police detective when I grow up.
I want to be a police officer when I grow up.
I want to be a police officer.
I want to be a policeman when I grow up.
I want to be a politician.
I want to be a pop star.
I want to be a priest at all costs.
I want to be a problem solver.
I want to be a professional musician.
I want to be a professional violinist.
I want to be a programmer.
I want to be a published author when I grow up.
I want to be a role model.
I want to be a roomba. I want knives taped to me. I want to be let loose.
I want to be a scientist.
I want to be a singer.
I want to be a slug.
I want to be a soldier.
I want to be a sport reporter.
I want to be a statesman.
I want to be a stay-at-home dad.
I want to be a storm chaser.
I want to be a streamer too. Can you show me the ropes?
I want to be a stuntman.
I want to be a success.
I want to be a surgeon.
I want to be a swimmer.
I want to be a taxi driver.
I want to be a teacher in the future.
I want to be a teacher when I grow up.
I want to be a teacher.
I want to be a teenager forever.
I want to be a valuable member of the team.
I want to be a veterinarian.
I want to be a wolf.
I want to be able to communicate in English fluently.
I want to be able to communicate in French.
I want to be able to do it legally.
I want to be able to give you a hug.
I want to be able to greet everyone in their native language.
I want to be able to have a home again.
I want to be able to help my team win.
I want to be able to hold my liquor better.
I want to be able to make something like this too.
I want to be able to play the mandolin as well as Tom does.
I want to be able to play the mandolin as well as Tom.
I want to be able to play the saxophone as well as Tom does.
I want to be able to play the saxophone as well as Tom.
I want to be able to play the violin as well as Tom does.
I want to be able to play the violin as well as Tom.
I want to be able to read French.
I want to be able to read Japanese.
I want to be able to read books faster.
I want to be able to read books more quickly.
I want to be able to see you every day.
I want to be able to sing until the end of my life.
I want to be able to speak Cantonese.
I want to be able to speak English fluently.
I want to be able to speak English.
I want to be able to speak French as well as you do.
I want to be able to speak French fluently.
I want to be able to speak French like a native speaker.
I want to be able to speak French.
I want to be able to speak Gujarati fluently by the time I visit my grandparents in Ahmedabad.
I want to be able to speak Japanese, so when I have the spare time, I'll do some shadowing.
I want to be able to speak Russian fluently.
I want to be able to take care of you.
I want to be able to translate any sentence into English.
I want to be able to walk down this street without worrying about getting shot.
I want to be able to write as beautifully as Tom.
I want to be accepted.
I want to be admired.
I want to be alone for a bit.
I want to be alone for a little while.
I want to be alone for a while.
I want to be alone now.
I want to be alone with Tom.
I want to be alone with you.
I want to be alone!
I want to be alone.
I want to be an English teacher.
I want to be an actor.
I want to be an actress.
I want to be an architect.
I want to be an artist.
I want to be an astronaut when I grow up.
I want to be an astronaut.
I want to be an astronomer.
I want to be an attorney.
I want to be an author.
I want to be an electrical engineer.
I want to be an engineer.
I want to be an excellent teacher.
I want to be an exceptional teacher.
I want to be an honest person.
I want to be an omniglot.
I want to be appointed chairman.
I want to be around you.
I want to be as fit as Brad Pitt when I'm 60.
I want to be as free as a bird.
I want to be as good a driver as Tom.
I want to be as good at French as you are.
I want to be as happy as Tom.
I want to be as rich as Tom.
I want to be as tall as Tom.
I want to be as truthful as possible.
I want to be assigned to the vice squad.
I want to be at home.
I want to be at the top of the company.
I want to be at today's meeting.
I want to be at your place.
I want to be back in Australia.
I want to be back in Boston.
I want to be back with my family.
I want to be better at French.
I want to be better.
I want to be buried in Algeria.
I want to be buried in the village.
I want to be careful.
I want to be cautious.
I want to be certain that we're doing what's best for Tom.
I want to be certain we're doing what's best for Tom.
I want to be certain you are who you say you are.
I want to be chosen.
I want to be clear about that.
I want to be clear.
I want to be cleverer.
I want to be close to Tom.
I want to be competitive.
I want to be confident in my English.
I want to be consistent and fair.
I want to be cool.
I want to be cooperative.
I want to be crystal clear.
I want to be cute.
I want to be devoted to a single man.
I want to be different.
I want to be doing a good job.
I want to be examined by a doctor because of my stomach ache.
I want to be excused from doing that.
I want to be extremely happy.
I want to be fair.
I want to be famous when I grow up.
I want to be famous.
I want to be finished doing that by 2:30.
I want to be first.
I want to be fluent in Berber.
I want to be fluent in English.
I want to be fluent in French.
I want to be frank.
I want to be free and happy.
I want to be free from doing homework for winter vacation.
I want to be free like a bird.
I want to be free.
I want to be friends with Tom.
I want to be friends with an elephant.
I want to be friends with you.
I want to be girlish.
I want to be gone by the time Tom and Mary get here.
I want to be gone by the time Tom gets here.
I want to be good at ice skating.
I want to be happier.
I want to be happy again.
I want to be happy with my job.
I want to be happy, too.
I want to be happy.
I want to be heard.
I want to be her friend.
I want to be her girlfriend.
I want to be here for Tom.
I want to be here for her.
I want to be here for him.
I want to be here for them.
I want to be here for you.
I want to be here when Tom wakes up.
I want to be here with you.
I want to be here.
I want to be his friend.
I want to be home early.
I want to be honest.
I want to be hugged.
I want to be impartial.
I want to be in Australia next Monday.
I want to be in Boston next Monday.
I want to be in Boston.
I want to be in Cairo myself.
I want to be in Egypt myself.
I want to be in a rock band.
I want to be in show business.
I want to be in the Bahamas myself.
I want to be in the other group.
I want to be in the race.
I want to be in this group.
I want to be in your arms.
I want to be in your life again.
I want to be in your plan.
I want to be included.
I want to be incredibly happy.
I want to be independent of my parents when I enter college.
I want to be independent, not reliant on some bloke. I want to be able to say "Seeya!" and up and leave whenever I like.
I want to be independent.
I want to be inside you.
I want to be invited.
I want to be involved.
I want to be it next time!
I want to be just like Tom when I grow up.
I want to be just like my father when I grow up.
I want to be last.
I want to be left alone.
I want to be left to my thoughts.
I want to be like Picasso.
I want to be like Tom when I grow up.
I want to be like Tom.
I want to be like her.
I want to be like him.
I want to be like my dad.
I want to be like my father.
I want to be like that imam.
I want to be like the bird that escaped its prison.
I want to be like you.
I want to be liked.
I want to be lobotomized.
I want to be loved by somebody.
I want to be loved by someone.
I want to be loved, that's all.
I want to be loved.
I want to be married to Tom.
I want to be more dominant.
I want to be more grown up.
I want to be more independent.
I want to be more like Tom.
I want to be more like her.
I want to be more like him.
I want to be more like them.
I want to be more like you.
I want to be more practical.
I want to be more than a friend.
I want to be more than friends.
I want to be near you.
I want to be normal.
I want to be noticed.
I want to be notified the moment Tom arrives.
I want to be on Broadway.
I want to be on good terms with Tom.
I want to be on the other team.
I want to be on this team.
I want to be on your team.
I want to be one of the cool kids.
I want to be one of you.
I want to be out of reach of Tom.
I want to be out there.
I want to be outspoken, but I'm not even sure why this bothers me so much or how to put that into words.
I want to be paid in cash.
I want to be paid today.
I want to be pampered.
I want to be part of something bigger.
I want to be part of that.
I want to be part of the solution, not part of the problem.
I want to be part of this.
I want to be poor in order to not be unhappy.
I want to be popular.
I want to be prepared.
I want to be pretty.
I want to be promoted.
I want to be proud of who I am and what I have done.
I want to be proud of who I am.
I want to be put into cryogenic sleep.
I want to be quiet after a day's hard work.
I want to be quiet after a day’s hard work.
I want to be ready as soon as I can be.
I want to be ready by 2:30.
I want to be ready for anything.
I want to be ready to leave when Tom and Mary get here.
I want to be ready to leave when Tom gets here.
I want to be ready when Tom and Mary get here.
I want to be ready when Tom gets here.
I want to be ready.
I want to be reborn as a Canadian if I had the chance.
I want to be reborn as a Canadian woman.
I want to be reborn as a Canadian.
I want to be remembered after I die.
I want to be remembered.
I want to be respected.
I want to be retrained as a welder.
I want to be rich.
I want to be safe.
I want to be saved.
I want to be smart.
I want to be somebody else.
I want to be somebody to someone.
I want to be somebody when I grow up.
I want to be someone different.
I want to be someone you can turn to.
I want to be strong.
I want to be stronger at writing.
I want to be stronger.
I want to be successful.
I want to be supportive.
I want to be sure I heard that correctly.
I want to be sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
I want to be sure Tom and Mary are happy.
I want to be sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
I want to be sure Tom is guilty.
I want to be sure Tom is happy.
I want to be sure Tom is innocent.
I want to be sure Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I want to be sure that there will be no problems.
I want to be sure that we're doing the right thing.
I want to be sure that you're doing this because you want to.
I want to be sure we're doing the right thing.
I want to be sure you understand what's going to happen.
I want to be sure.
I want to be that doctor's patient.
I want to be that doctor’s patient.
I want to be the best I can be.
I want to be the best person I can be.
I want to be the best person I possibly can be.
I want to be the best person that I possibly can be.
I want to be the best player I can be.
I want to be the best swimmer in Australia.
I want to be the best version of myself.
I want to be the best.
I want to be the biggest sleeper.
I want to be the boss.
I want to be the center of attention.
I want to be the demon next!
I want to be the first one to do that.
I want to be the first to do that.
I want to be the guy who stands out the most.
I want to be the last one to do that.
I want to be the last.
I want to be the leader of the game next time!
I want to be the least tired.
I want to be the manager.
I want to be the next one to do that.
I want to be the one to do that.
I want to be the one who decides.
I want to be the one who makes you happy.
I want to be the one who makes you laugh.
I want to be the one who saves the most money.
I want to be the one who spends the least.
I want to be the one who stands out the most.
I want to be the winner.
I want to be there by 2:30.
I want to be there for Tom.
I want to be there for her.
I want to be there for him.
I want to be there for them.
I want to be there for you.
I want to be there the day that happens.
I want to be there tonight.
I want to be there when you tell Tom that.
I want to be there with Tom.
I want to be there with you.
I want to be there, you know.
I want to be there.
I want to be transferred to Australia.
I want to be treated like everybody else.
I want to be treated like everyone else.
I want to be treated with respect in every conversation.
I want to be treated with respect.
I want to be true to myself in every way.
I want to be understood correctly.
I want to be useful.
I want to be very cautious.
I want to be very clear about that.
I want to be very happy.
I want to be wanted.
I want to be what you want me to be.
I want to be where Tom is.
I want to be where everything's happening.
I want to be where you are.
I want to be wise.
I want to be with Tom forever.
I want to be with Tom on his birthday.
I want to be with Tom.
I want to be with her.
I want to be with him all the way.
I want to be with him.
I want to be with my family.
I want to be with them.
I want to be with you for the rest of my life.
I want to be with you forever.
I want to be with you more than anything else.
I want to be with you more than anything.
I want to be with you on Christmas.
I want to be with you tonight.
I want to be with you whenever I can.
I want to be with you.
I want to be worthy of your friendship.
I want to be wrapped in sleep all day.
I want to be you.
I want to be young again.
I want to be your ally, not your enemy.
I want to be your boyfriend.
I want to be your friend.
I want to be your husband.
I want to be your partner.
I want to be your wife.
I want to be yours for the rest of my life.
I want to beat Tom.
I want to beat her.
I want to beat him.
I want to beat that record.
I want to beat them.
I want to become Muslim.
I want to become a DJ.
I want to become a French teacher.
I want to become a Muslim.
I want to become a Muslim. Can you help me?
I want to become a TV announcer in the future.
I want to become a ballet dancer.
I want to become a better dancer.
I want to become a better driver.
I want to become a better golfer.
I want to become a better guitarist.
I want to become a better swimmer.
I want to become a better teacher.
I want to become a bisque doll maker.
I want to become a boy, no matter how hard it is.
I want to become a cake chef when I get older.
I want to become a cardinal.
I want to become a carpenter like my father.
I want to become a carpenter.
I want to become a citizen.
I want to become a clockmaker.
I want to become a demon next!
I want to become a dentist in the future.
I want to become a dentist.
I want to become a diplomat.
I want to become a doctor in the future.
I want to become a doctor like my father.
I want to become a doctor.
I want to become a famous actor.
I want to become a famous artist.
I want to become a famous singer.
I want to become a fireman.
I want to become a fluent Berber speaker.
I want to become a fluent French speaker.
I want to become a good listener.
I want to become a handsome adult.
I want to become a journalist.
I want to become a kinder person.
I want to become a koala.
I want to become a lawyer.
I want to become a leader.
I want to become a lumberjack.
I want to become a mechanic.
I want to become a music teacher.
I want to become a musician.
I want to become a nurse.
I want to become a pharmacist.
I want to become a photographer.
I want to become a physical therapist.
I want to become a pilot like my father.
I want to become a pilot, like my father.
I want to become a plastic surgeon.
I want to become a politician.
I want to become a pop star.
I want to become a priest.
I want to become a professional violinist.
I want to become a rich person.
I want to become a simultaneous interpreter.
I want to become a singer no matter what.
I want to become a singer, at any cost.
I want to become a singer.
I want to become a surgeon.
I want to become a tattoo artist.
I want to become a teacher of Japanese.
I want to become a teacher.
I want to become a veterinarian.
I want to become a voice actor.
I want to become a watchmaker.
I want to become a witch.
I want to become able to express myself well in English.
I want to become an MMA fighter.
I want to become an activist.
I want to become an actor.
I want to become an actress.
I want to become an ambulance driver.
I want to become an artist.
I want to become an astronaut.
I want to become an electrician.
I want to become an engineer.
I want to become an interpreter.
I want to become better at French.
I want to become better at baseball.
I want to become better at expressing my ideas in French.
I want to become better at golf.
I want to become better at guitar.
I want to become better at managing my time.
I want to become better at playing baseball.
I want to become better at playing the guitar.
I want to become better at speaking French.
I want to become better at swimming.
I want to become better at teaching.
I want to become better.
I want to become both physically and mentally stronger.
I want to become famous.
I want to become faster.
I want to become fluent in Berber.
I want to become fluent in French.
I want to become her friend.
I want to become like Tom too.
I want to become more adult-like.
I want to become more fluent in Berber.
I want to become more fluent in French.
I want to become more involved.
I want to become really good at doing this.
I want to become rich and famous.
I want to become rich.
I want to become small.
I want to become smaller.
I want to become smarter.
I want to become someone you can be proud of.
I want to become stronger physically and spiritually.
I want to become stronger.
I want to become the stingiest one.
I want to begin a fresh phase in my life.
I want to believe everything's all right.
I want to believe in Tom.
I want to believe that everything's all right.
I want to believe that one day wars will end, but the reality seems to be different.
I want to believe that there's still a chance for us to be happy together.
I want to believe that what Tom said is true.
I want to believe that.
I want to believe there's still a chance for us to be happy together.
I want to believe what Tom said is true.
I want to believe you, Tom.
I want to believe you, but I think you're pulling my leg.
I want to believe you.
I want to believe.
I want to better myself.
I want to better understand what the meaning of life is.
I want to blow you.
I want to book a double room.
I want to book a trip to Australia.
I want to borrow a book from that library, but they only lend books to members.
I want to borrow some books.
I want to borrow some money from you.
I want to borrow some money.
I want to borrow your car for an hour.
I want to borrow your car tomorrow.
I want to borrow your car.
I want to break everything.
I want to break something.
I want to break up with Tom.
I want to break up with you.
I want to breathe some fresh air.
I want to bring Tom here.
I want to bring down my waist size 3 centimetres.
I want to bring her here.
I want to bring him here.
I want to bring my family here.
I want to bring them here.
I want to bring up my son as my father did me.
I want to brush my teeth.
I want to brush up my English.
I want to bugger you.
I want to build a fountain in my garden.
I want to build a house for his parents.
I want to build a house here.
I want to build a house.
I want to build a life with you.
I want to build a wooden hut.
I want to build an igloo.
I want to build another house.
I want to build my corporate site to attract customers.
I want to build my future with him.
I want to build my own house.
I want to build up my vocabulary.
I want to burst into tears.
I want to buy BITCOIN but I do not have any money.
I want to buy Tom a birthday present.
I want to buy Tom a gift.
I want to buy Tom a piggy bank.
I want to buy Tom a present.
I want to buy Tom some books.
I want to buy a 32" TV.
I want to buy a 32-inch TV screen.
I want to buy a Czech sweater.
I want to buy a Japanese car.
I want to buy a bathmat.
I want to buy a beautiful house.
I want to buy a birthday present for Tom.
I want to buy a black one.
I want to buy a blue sweater.
I want to buy a book to read on the plane.
I want to buy a book.
I want to buy a camera.
I want to buy a canoe.
I want to buy a car just like the one that Tom wants to buy.
I want to buy a car like the one Tom has.
I want to buy a car, but I can't afford to.
I want to buy a car, but I don't have enough money for a down payment.
I want to buy a car, but I don't have enough money.
I want to buy a car, but I don't have money for it.
I want to buy a car, but I don't have the money for it.
I want to buy a car.
I want to buy a cheap dictionary.
I want to buy a coffee maker. I can't drink instant coffee any longer. It's disgusting.
I want to buy a combination lock.
I want to buy a copy of the book, but it is out of print.
I want to buy a couch.
I want to buy a couple of notebooks.
I want to buy a couple of warm blankets.
I want to buy a decent guitar.
I want to buy a dog.
I want to buy a dozen bananas.
I want to buy a dozen donuts.
I want to buy a dozen doughnuts.
I want to buy a dozen eggs.
I want to buy a dozen of those bananas.
I want to buy a drone, but my parents won't let me.
I want to buy a few pairs of sunglasses.
I want to buy a few pairs of trousers.
I want to buy a few things.
I want to buy a fishing boat.
I want to buy a five kilo bag of rice.
I want to buy a fur coat for my wife.
I want to buy a gift for Tom.
I want to buy a gift for her.
I want to buy a gift for him.
I want to buy a gift for my girlfriend.
I want to buy a gift for them.
I want to buy a gift for you.
I want to buy a good dictionary. Do you have any recommendations?
I want to buy a good quality, insulated basement window.
I want to buy a hat.
I want to buy a house as big as that of my brother.
I want to buy a house in Australia.
I want to buy a house in Boston.
I want to buy a house in this neighborhood.
I want to buy a house on Park Street.
I want to buy a house, but I don't have enough money for a down payment.
I want to buy a house.
I want to buy a jar of dill pickles.
I want to buy a kilogram of that.
I want to buy a laptop computer.
I want to buy a large sized refrigerator.
I want to buy a leather belt.
I want to buy a map, so do you mind if we drop by the bookstore for a bit?
I want to buy a map.
I want to buy a more expensive watch.
I want to buy a more powerful computer.
I want to buy a necklace for Mary.
I want to buy a new bicycle.
I want to buy a new bike.
I want to buy a new camera.
I want to buy a new car.
I want to buy a new chair.
I want to buy a new computer, but I don't have the money.
I want to buy a new computer.
I want to buy a new couch.
I want to buy a new guitar case.
I want to buy a new home.
I want to buy a new laptop, but I don't have the money.
I want to buy a new motorcycle.
I want to buy a new pair of shoes.
I want to buy a new pair of trousers and a shirt.
I want to buy a new smartphone.
I want to buy a new time machine.
I want to buy a new trombone.
I want to buy a newspaper to read on the train.
I want to buy a notebook and some pencils.
I want to buy a pack of cigarettes.
I want to buy a pair of goose.
I want to buy a pair of pants.
I want to buy a pair of ski boots.
I want to buy a pair of sunglasses.
I want to buy a pair of trousers.
I want to buy a piggy bank for Tom.
I want to buy a pineapple.
I want to buy a plane ticket tomorrow.
I want to buy a present for Tom.
I want to buy a present for my girlfriend.
I want to buy a purple sweater.
I want to buy a really good smoke detector.
I want to buy a rice cooker.
I want to buy a sailboat.
I want to buy a saloon.
I want to buy a shirt for my brother.
I want to buy a shirt for my little brother.
I want to buy a shirt for my little sister.
I want to buy a shirt for my sister.
I want to buy a shirt.
I want to buy a silver necklace.
I want to buy a sports car.
I want to buy a trash compactor.
I want to buy a trumpet.
I want to buy a vegan cookbook.
I want to buy a vegetarian cookbook.
I want to buy a wool sweater.
I want to buy a word processor.
I want to buy a yacht.
I want to buy all of these.
I want to buy an automobile.
I want to buy an inexpensive dictionary.
I want to buy another bicycle.
I want to buy another car.
I want to buy another one.
I want to buy another.
I want to buy bananas.
I want to buy books.
I want to buy both of these shirts.
I want to buy cooking utensils in one lot.
I want to buy eye drops.
I want to buy food.
I want to buy her a present.
I want to buy her flowers or candy.
I want to buy him a present.
I want to buy it all.
I want to buy it.
I want to buy my bike back.
I want to buy my car back.
I want to buy my children everything I never had.
I want to buy my girlfriend a present.
I want to buy my house back.
I want to buy myself a garbage disposal.
I want to buy myself a new accordion.
I want to buy new bed linen.
I want to buy new hair elastics.
I want to buy new pants and a shirt.
I want to buy one of those.
I want to buy oranges.
I want to buy out my partner.
I want to buy pineapples.
I want to buy property in Australia.
I want to buy seafood.
I want to buy shoes.
I want to buy ski boots.
I want to buy some books for Tom.
I want to buy some books for children.
I want to buy some books for my son.
I want to buy some books.
I want to buy some bread.
I want to buy some candy, but I don't have any change left.
I want to buy some candy, but I don't have any money.
I want to buy some clothes, but this time they have to be a bit nicer.
I want to buy some dark glasses.
I want to buy some earplugs before I go to tonight's concert.
I want to buy some fireworks.
I want to buy some flowers to put on my balcony.
I want to buy some magazines to read on the plane.
I want to buy some more fish.
I want to buy some new furniture.
I want to buy some paper.
I want to buy some shoes.
I want to buy some ski boots.
I want to buy some waffles with syrup.
I want to buy something for Tom.
I want to buy something to eat.
I want to buy sunglasses.
I want to buy that book.
I want to buy that for Tom.
I want to buy that painting.
I want to buy that, but I don't have any money.
I want to buy that.
I want to buy that. However, I don't have any money.
I want to buy the dress.
I want to buy the medicine.
I want to buy the same car that Tom wants to buy.
I want to buy the same kind of bicycles that Tom has.
I want to buy the same kind of car that Tom wants to buy.
I want to buy the same watch as Jack has.
I want to buy them all.
I want to buy these sunglasses.
I want to buy this book not because it is cheap, but because it is useful.
I want to buy this building.
I want to buy this coat.
I want to buy this dictionary.
I want to buy this house as much as you do.
I want to buy this jacket.
I want to buy this material for a new dress. How much does it cost?
I want to buy this one.
I want to buy this pair of shoes.
I want to buy this purple sweater.
I want to buy this shirt.
I want to buy this sinh. Can you give me a discount?
I want to buy this skirt.
I want to buy this toy doll.
I want to buy this trombone, but I don't have enough money.
I want to buy this, but I don't have enough money.
I want to buy this.
I want to buy two S-grade seats.
I want to buy you a drink.
I want to buy you a fur coat.
I want to buy you dinner.
I want to buy you something, but I don't have any money.
I want to buy you this book.
I want to buy your old car.
I want to buy.
I want to call Tom again.
I want to call Tom.
I want to call her.
I want to call him.
I want to call him. Do you have his number?
I want to call my boss.
I want to call my family.
I want to call my friend.
I want to call my lawyer.
I want to call my mom.
I want to call my uncle.
I want to call...
I want to cancel a subscription.
I want to cancel everything.
I want to cancel my subscription.
I want to capture as much as I can in order to preserve it historically.
I want to carry on with what I was doing before you interrupted me.
I want to cash a check.
I want to cash out.
I want to catch the 11:45.
I want to catch the six o'clock train to New York.
I want to catch the six o’clock train to New York.
I want to celebrate Christmas with you.
I want to chain myself to that tree.
I want to change all that.
I want to change him.
I want to change it.
I want to change jobs.
I want to change my appearance.
I want to change my clothes.
I want to change my everyday life.
I want to change my image.
I want to change my life.
I want to change my order.
I want to change my reservation.
I want to change my shirt.
I want to change out of my wet clothes into something dry.
I want to change ten thousand yen to dollars.
I want to change that.
I want to change the PIN number.
I want to change the course of things.
I want to change the world.
I want to change things.
I want to change this dollar bill into ten dimes.
I want to change.
I want to charter a bus.
I want to chat with someone who speaks English.
I want to check it out.
I want to check out at 6 tomorrow morning.
I want to check out now.
I want to check something out.
I want to check something.
I want to check the status of my order.
I want to check the truth of the story.
I want to check yesterday's stock prices.
I want to cheer Tom up.
I want to cheer you up.
I want to cherish the time that I spend together with my family.
I want to chill the wine more.
I want to choose a different one.
I want to choose the new kitchen counters.
I want to clarify a few things.
I want to clarify in further research to what extent the conclusions of this paper can be generalized.
I want to clean my room.
I want to clean the bath, but which type of detergent is best to buy?
I want to clean the house before my parents come.
I want to clean the house before my parents return.
I want to clean the windows.
I want to clean.
I want to clear my name.
I want to climb Mt. Fuji again.
I want to climb Mt. Fuji.
I want to climb into the very mouth of this volcano.
I want to climb that mountain.
I want to climb the mountain.
I want to climb this mountain.
I want to climb to the peak of Mount Kitadake.
I want to close my account.
I want to close my savings account.
I want to close the account.
I want to close the door of the house and not turn on the light.
I want to close the door.
I want to come and hear my grandmother speak Italian today.
I want to come and live here.
I want to come and see you.
I want to come back here again next summer.
I want to come back here at least one more time before I die.
I want to come back here next year.
I want to come back here tomorrow.
I want to come back here.
I want to come back next year.
I want to come back to Australia.
I want to come back to Boston.
I want to come back to Lucca.
I want to come back.
I want to come here again next winter.
I want to come here next winter again.
I want to come here tomorrow.
I want to come home.
I want to come in.
I want to come inside Tatoeba.
I want to come inside you.
I want to come to Algeria now.
I want to come to Australia next weekend.
I want to come to Australia.
I want to come to Boston next weekend.
I want to come to Boston with you.
I want to come to Boston.
I want to come to terms with Tom.
I want to come to terms with him.
I want to come to the club's meetings.
I want to come to the hotel.
I want to come to the party, but I can't.
I want to come to your party.
I want to come with you.
I want to come, too.
I want to come.
I want to comfort Tom.
I want to commit suicide.
I want to compare plans before making a choice.
I want to compete again.
I want to compete.
I want to complain about the service.
I want to completely understand you.
I want to comprehend.
I want to concentrate on boxing.
I want to concentrate on that.
I want to confess.
I want to confirm my booking.
I want to confirm my reservation.
I want to congratulate Tom.
I want to congratulate you on your graduation.
I want to congratulate you on your promotion.
I want to congratulate you.
I want to consult you about something.
I want to contact him. Do you know his phone number?
I want to contact my relatives back home.
I want to continue doing that.
I want to continue studying French.
I want to continue this discussion tomorrow.
I want to continue to build on this.
I want to continue to help women.
I want to continue what we're doing.
I want to continue working for Tom.
I want to continue working for you.
I want to continue working here.
I want to continue working with Tom.
I want to contribute more.
I want to contribute positively to my community.
I want to contribute to a charitable cause.
I want to contribute.
I want to convert to Islam but where do I even start?
I want to convey my sympathy.
I want to convey to children that reading is one of life's greatest treats.
I want to convince myself of the veracity of this story.
I want to cook for you.
I want to cook you.
I want to cook.
I want to correct this article.
I want to create a Facebook account.
I want to create a future with him.
I want to create an automatic translator that translates texts between Turkish and Ladino.
I want to create my own world.
I want to cross this bridge.
I want to cry!
I want to cry, but I can't.
I want to cry.
I want to cube the cheese for the salad.
I want to cuddle you while we sleep.
I want to cut down any avoidable costs.
I want to cut down on the time it takes to process files.
I want to cut down on the time it takes to process records.
I want to cut my hair short.
I want to dance and party tonight.
I want to dance at my granddaughter's wedding.
I want to dance tonight.
I want to dance with Mary.
I want to dance with Tom.
I want to dance with her.
I want to dance with you today.
I want to dance with you.
I want to dance.
I want to date a Kabyle girl.
I want to date other women.
I want to deal with this letter before I do anything else.
I want to deal with this problem now.
I want to debauch myself.
I want to decide for myself what to do.
I want to declutter my apartment.
I want to declutter my home.
I want to decorate the tree.
I want to dedicate all my time to this project.
I want to dedicate my life to language learning.
I want to dedicate this song to Mary, the most beautiful woman in the world.
I want to dedicate this song to Tom.
I want to dedicate this song to him.
I want to delete this account.
I want to delete this sentence.
I want to deposit some money.
I want to deposit this check in my account.
I want to develop more beautiful handwriting.
I want to devote my life to education.
I want to devour that.
I want to die laughing.
I want to die on that night!
I want to die singing the gift of life.
I want to die soon.
I want to die with Getter Jaani.
I want to die with honor.
I want to die!
I want to die, but I cannot.
I want to die.
I want to disappear from this world.
I want to disappear somewhere! I tend to feel like that in sultry summers.
I want to disappear.
I want to discover the truth.
I want to discuss a very important matter with you.
I want to discuss the price with you.
I want to discuss the problem with Tom.
I want to discuss this with Tom.
I want to discuss this with your manager.
I want to discuss what happened.
I want to dispose of the land.
I want to dive into the river.
I want to dive off the cliff.
I want to do a backflip.
I want to do a bit more work.
I want to do a good job.
I want to do a little physical exercise.
I want to do a little shopping.
I want to do better next time.
I want to do better.
I want to do everything I can to help Tom.
I want to do everything I can to make sure Tom and Mary are able to go to college.
I want to do everything I can to make sure Tom is able to go to college.
I want to do everything I'm expected to do.
I want to do everything I'm supposed to do.
I want to do everything Tom did.
I want to do everything by myself.
I want to do everything myself.
I want to do everything possible to help Tom.
I want to do everything.
I want to do him what he did to me.
I want to do it again.
I want to do it alone.
I want to do it before I die.
I want to do it by myself.
I want to do it for Tom.
I want to do it for you.
I want to do it myself.
I want to do it now.
I want to do it right this time.
I want to do it right.
I want to do it tonight.
I want to do it very much.
I want to do it with Tom.
I want to do it, but I can't.
I want to do it.
I want to do more.
I want to do my best to help Tom.
I want to do my best to make this program work well.
I want to do my homework right now.
I want to do my job the best I can.
I want to do my job well.
I want to do my job.
I want to do my part.
I want to do normal things.
I want to do some bass fishing, but I don't know what to use for bait.
I want to do some motorbiking.
I want to do some shopping around here.
I want to do some shopping.
I want to do some sport.
I want to do something about it.
I want to do something else first.
I want to do something else.
I want to do something first.
I want to do something for Tom.
I want to do something fun.
I want to do something in a house.
I want to do something interesting.
I want to do something new.
I want to do something of lasting value for humanity.
I want to do something special for Tom.
I want to do something special for you.
I want to do something special.
I want to do something that I can't do if I'm not pressed for time.
I want to do something useful.
I want to do something with my life.
I want to do something.
I want to do spring cleaning.
I want to do that after lunch.
I want to do that again someday.
I want to do that again.
I want to do that alone.
I want to do that as badly as Tom does.
I want to do that as much as you do.
I want to do that as often as I can.
I want to do that as soon as possible.
I want to do that at home.
I want to do that before 2:30.
I want to do that before I die.
I want to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
I want to do that before Tom gets here.
I want to do that before it gets dark.
I want to do that by myself.
I want to do that for Tom.
I want to do that for you.
I want to do that here.
I want to do that immediately.
I want to do that just as badly as you do.
I want to do that more than anything else.
I want to do that myself.
I want to do that now.
I want to do that on my own.
I want to do that right away.
I want to do that right next time.
I want to do that right now.
I want to do that someday.
I want to do that sometime today.
I want to do that sometime.
I want to do that soon.
I want to do that this evening.
I want to do that today.
I want to do that tomorrow night.
I want to do that tomorrow.
I want to do that tonight.
I want to do that very much.
I want to do that with Tom.
I want to do that with you.
I want to do that, but I can't.
I want to do that, but I don't have any money.
I want to do that, but I don't have enough money.
I want to do that, but I don't have enough time.
I want to do that, but I don't have the time.
I want to do that, but I don't know how.
I want to do that, but Tom won't let me.
I want to do that, too.
I want to do that.
I want to do that. However, I don't have enough time right now.
I want to do the job right away.
I want to do the job right.
I want to do the right thing.
I want to do things calmly.
I want to do this alone.
I want to do this as much as you do.
I want to do this as quickly as I can.
I want to do this at home.
I want to do this at my own pace.
I want to do this before I die.
I want to do this by myself.
I want to do this for Tom.
I want to do this later.
I want to do this myself.
I want to do this on my own.
I want to do this right.
I want to do this somewhere else.
I want to do this the right way.
I want to do this.
I want to do to Tom what he did to me.
I want to do well.
I want to do what I used to do before I went to prison.
I want to do what you prefer.
I want to do what's best for both of us.
I want to do what's right.
I want to donate money.
I want to donate some money.
I want to download this game.
I want to draw a sunset.
I want to draw something for you.
I want to draw you.
I want to draw your attention to the highly encouraging results from last quarter.
I want to draw your attention toward last quarter's results which are very encouraging.
I want to draw your attention toward last quarter’s results which are very encouraging.
I want to draw.
I want to dream.
I want to drink a Guinness right now.
I want to drink a beer.
I want to drink a coffee.
I want to drink a cold beer.
I want to drink a cup of coffee.
I want to drink a cup of tea.
I want to drink a glass of coffee.
I want to drink a pint of Guinness right now.
I want to drink beer now.
I want to drink beer.
I want to drink beers.
I want to drink cashew juice.
I want to drink champagne.
I want to drink coconut milk.
I want to drink coffee.
I want to drink from your mouth.
I want to drink it.
I want to drink milk.
I want to drink one more bottle of beer.
I want to drink orange juice.
I want to drink some hot tea.
I want to drink some tea or coffee.
I want to drink some water because I'm thirsty.
I want to drink some water.
I want to drink something cold.
I want to drink something else.
I want to drink something fizzy.
I want to drink something refreshing.
I want to drink something.
I want to drink tea or coffee.
I want to drink tea.
I want to drink vodka.
I want to drink water.
I want to drink your blood at midnight.
I want to drink.
I want to drive again.
I want to drive to his house in my car.
I want to drive, but I don't know how.
I want to drive, but Tom won't let me.
I want to drive.
I want to dye my friend's hair blonde.
I want to dye my hair black.
I want to dye my hair red.
I want to dye my hair the same color as Tom's.
I want to dye my hair.
I want to earn a lot more.
I want to earn a lot of money.
I want to earn a lot.
I want to earn enough money to support my family.
I want to earn more money than my parents.
I want to earn more money.
I want to ease the heart.
I want to eat Chinese food for dinner.
I want to eat Chinese food.
I want to eat Chinese noodles.
I want to eat French cuisine.
I want to eat Japanese sweets.
I want to eat Korean food.
I want to eat a Dapanji!
I want to eat a banana.
I want to eat a black sesame ice cream.
I want to eat a clementine.
I want to eat a cream puff that's full to the brim with cream.
I want to eat a delicious cookie.
I want to eat a flapjack.
I want to eat a fried egg and croissant.
I want to eat a good yakisoba bread.
I want to eat a mango.
I want to eat a piece of cake.
I want to eat a scrummy cake.
I want to eat a spicy chicken in a big plate!
I want to eat a steak.
I want to eat a tasty yakisoba bread.
I want to eat alone.
I want to eat an Italian omelette.
I want to eat apple pie.
I want to eat at that restaurant we ate at last week.
I want to eat at the restaurant we ate at last week.
I want to eat breakfast in my room.
I want to eat breakfast outside.
I want to eat cake.
I want to eat cheese.
I want to eat chocolate because it's my favorite food.
I want to eat chocolate ice cream for dessert.
I want to eat couscous.
I want to eat curry rice for supper tonight.
I want to eat domestic foods.
I want to eat either Chinese food or Thai food.
I want to eat either ice cream or shaved ice.
I want to eat fish and seafood.
I want to eat fresh fish.
I want to eat fried rice.
I want to eat guava.
I want to eat halal food.
I want to eat here tonight.
I want to eat here.
I want to eat ice cream.
I want to eat it already even though it's not yet baked.
I want to eat it.
I want to eat kimbap.
I want to eat lobster again tonight.
I want to eat lobster tonight.
I want to eat lots of food, but I can’t eat.
I want to eat lunch now.
I want to eat mango.
I want to eat meat and vegetables.
I want to eat meatloaf.
I want to eat my avocado.
I want to eat my lawyer.
I want to eat my lunch.
I want to eat now.
I want to eat out today.
I want to eat out tonight.
I want to eat pizza tonight.
I want to eat pizza.
I want to eat popcorn.
I want to eat pork chops.
I want to eat purple potatoes.
I want to eat rainbow pasta.
I want to eat ramen.
I want to eat rare hamburger meat.
I want to eat rice with beans.
I want to eat right now.
I want to eat sirloin.
I want to eat soft serve ice cream.
I want to eat some Korean food that isn't hot and spicy.
I want to eat some Korean food that isn't spicy.
I want to eat some apple pie.
I want to eat some bread.
I want to eat some cake first.
I want to eat some cake.
I want to eat some cereal.
I want to eat some cheese.
I want to eat some chocolate ice cream.
I want to eat some dates with almonds in them.
I want to eat some delicious cookies.
I want to eat some grapes.
I want to eat some ice cream.
I want to eat some local food where we're sightseeing.
I want to eat some pumpkin pie.
I want to eat some rice.
I want to eat some scones.
I want to eat some steak.
I want to eat some sushi.
I want to eat something Korean.
I want to eat something delicious.
I want to eat something different for a change.
I want to eat something else.
I want to eat something good for me.
I want to eat something good.
I want to eat something healthy.
I want to eat something nice.
I want to eat something now.
I want to eat something salty.
I want to eat something sweet.
I want to eat something tasty.
I want to eat something that I can only eat here.
I want to eat something that can only be eaten here.
I want to eat something that isn't sweet.
I want to eat something that's good for me.
I want to eat something that's not hot and spicy.
I want to eat something that's not spicy.
I want to eat something wholesome.
I want to eat something.
I want to eat spaghetti.
I want to eat squid this evening.
I want to eat steak.
I want to eat strawberries.
I want to eat the cheese.
I want to eat the same thing Tom and Mary are eating.
I want to eat the same thing Tom is eating.
I want to eat this but I won’t buy it.
I want to eat this.
I want to eat too!
I want to eat tortellini.
I want to eat warm soup.
I want to eat with Tom.
I want to eat with you.
I want to eat you out.
I want to eat you.
I want to eat, but I'm too lazy to warm up lunch.
I want to eat, but not here.
I want to eat, too.
I want to eat.
I want to either play volleyball or go swimming.
I want to emigrate to Australia.
I want to emphasize that I am open to ideas for improvement, but first will sleep on it.
I want to emphasize the need to get this done on time.
I want to emphasize this point in particular.
I want to empower the people.
I want to end that.
I want to end this.
I want to enjoy a full night's rest.
I want to enjoy it.
I want to enjoy life a little bit.
I want to enjoy much more.
I want to enjoy myself.
I want to enjoy this moment.
I want to enrol on a course.
I want to enroll at graduate school.
I want to ensure he feels comfortable talking about it.
I want to ensure he's informed about healthy habits.
I want to ensure my phone has good customer support.
I want to enter the club.
I want to enter the house.
I want to escape the regular rhythm of life.
I want to escape this fake world for the real one.
I want to escape to a cottage and never return.
I want to escape.
I want to examine the body of the victim.
I want to examine you again tomorrow.
I want to exchange this for a smaller size.
I want to excuse myself from the work.
I want to execute the plan by all means.
I want to exercise my right to remain silent.
I want to experience everything.
I want to experience something out of the ordinary.
I want to experience this before I die.
I want to experiment.
I want to expiate my guilt.
I want to explain everything to Tom.
I want to explain that.
I want to explain.
I want to explore Boston.
I want to explore Kabylie.
I want to explore beyond what I’m used to.
I want to explore different experiences and relationships before committing to marriage.
I want to explore new ways to enjoy my time.
I want to explore something that is not common.
I want to explore the world and go on an adventure.
I want to explore the world. It’s my dream.
I want to express my appreciation for your help.
I want to express my feelings to you.
I want to extend my stay here for a few more days.
I want to exterminate the entire human race!
I want to face towards the ocean and scream.
I want to fall asleep in your hug.
I want to feed the birds in the park.
I want to feel free.
I want to feel good about myself.
I want to feel important.
I want to feel love again, but it feels like an impossible dream.
I want to feel more and see less.
I want to feel special.
I want to feel the sunlight on my skin.
I want to feel your presence.
I want to feel your skin.
I want to fight!
I want to fight.
I want to figure it out for myself.
I want to figure out how old she is.
I want to figure out how to do that.
I want to figure out if you're worth it.
I want to figure this out.
I want to figure to out how to solve the problem.
I want to file a complaint.
I want to finalize the deal.
I want to finally know what freedom is.
I want to find Tom as badly as you do.
I want to find Tom as much as you do.
I want to find Tom.
I want to find a blonde, blue-eyed European woman.
I want to find a box for this.
I want to find a friend here.
I want to find a good job.
I want to find a less stressful job.
I want to find a new apartment.
I want to find a place to live close to the campus.
I want to find a place to live close to where I work.
I want to find a short-term rental.
I want to find a way for us to be happy.
I want to find an apartment close to school.
I want to find an apartment close to where I work.
I want to find another way out of the situation, although this one isn't that bad either.
I want to find another way out of the situation, although this one isn’t that bad either.
I want to find effective strategies for dealing with him.
I want to find help for my smoking problem.
I want to find her.
I want to find him first!
I want to find him.
I want to find my big yellow banana.
I want to find my biological parents.
I want to find my birth parents.
I want to find my energetic, fearless brother.
I want to find my old cracked mirror.
I want to find my own place.
I want to find new hobbies.
I want to find out how many people died in that accident.
I want to find out how to become a Muslim.
I want to find out if Tom and Mary were at school today.
I want to find out if Tom is going to go out and eat with us.
I want to find out if Tom is going to wear the new shirt I gave him.
I want to find out if Tom is going to wear the new shirt that I gave him.
I want to find out if Tom was at school today.
I want to find out if the warranty has expired yet.
I want to find out the source of this irresponsible rumor.
I want to find out what Mary is going to wear to the dance.
I want to find out what Tom did yesterday.
I want to find out what caused the problem.
I want to find out what happened to Tom.
I want to find out what happened.
I want to find out what happens next!
I want to find out what it really is.
I want to find out what kind of food Tom wants to eat.
I want to find out what kind of music Tom and Mary like.
I want to find out what kind of music Tom likes.
I want to find out what really happened.
I want to find out what's going on.
I want to find out what's really going on.
I want to find out when Tom and Mary are planning to finish doing that.
I want to find out when Tom is planning to finish doing that.
I want to find out where Tom bought his shoes.
I want to find out where Tom went last week.
I want to find out where it came from.
I want to find out who broke the window.
I want to find out who did this for me.
I want to find out who did this.
I want to find out who killed Tom.
I want to find out why Tom hit Mary.
I want to find somebody to talk to.
I want to find someone to talk to.
I want to find someplace quiet to study.
I want to find something worthwhile to pursue in my life.
I want to find somewhere I can sit down and relax.
I want to find the cardinal.
I want to find them.
I want to find true love.
I want to finish doing what I'm doing.
I want to finish eating before I talk to anyone.
I want to finish eating before Tom and Mary get here.
I want to finish eating before Tom gets here.
I want to finish it.
I want to finish my studies before that.
I want to finish school first.
I want to finish the rest of this book before I go to bed.
I want to finish the text here.
I want to finish the work on my own.
I want to finish this job so I can go home.
I want to finish this part of my life and move on.
I want to finish this work by five.
I want to finish what I started here.
I want to finish what I started.
I want to finish what I'm doing before I go home.
I want to finish what I'm doing.
I want to fit in.
I want to fit into those jeans.
I want to fix my negative personality.
I want to fix that.
I want to fly above the clouds.
I want to fly more than anything else in the world.
I want to fly to the moon.
I want to focus on building a strong foundation for my career and financial stability.
I want to focus on that.
I want to focus on the future.
I want to follow in my dad's footsteps.
I want to follow in my father's footsteps.
I want to follow you wherever you go.
I want to follow you wherever you're going.
I want to forget Tom.
I want to forget about it.
I want to forget about what happened, but I can't.
I want to forget her.
I want to forget him.
I want to forget it.
I want to forget the past.
I want to forget what happened.
I want to forget you.
I want to fuck you in the ass.
I want to fuck you so much.
I want to fuck you.
I want to fulfill all your fondest desires.
I want to gain a better understanding of myself.
I want to gain some weight.
I want to gain thirty pounds.
I want to gain time.
I want to gain weight.
I want to gaze at this scenery forever.
I want to get Tom back.
I want to get Tom something nice for his birthday.
I want to get Tom something special.
I want to get Tom to help us.
I want to get Tom to tell us what to do.
I want to get a bank loan in half a year's time - what should I be doing now?
I want to get a bank loan in half a year’s time - what should I be doing now?
I want to get a bunch of those.
I want to get a bunch.
I want to get a connecting flight to Boston.
I want to get a couple of things clear.
I want to get a divorce.
I want to get a dog.
I want to get a driver's license.
I want to get a fix on local culture.
I want to get a good seat, so I plan to arrive early.
I want to get a haircut before I go on the trip.
I want to get a hat like the one Tom is wearing.
I want to get a hat like yours.
I want to get a job that mixes work and play.
I want to get a little something for Ben and visit him in the hospital.
I want to get a lobotomy.
I want to get a lot.
I want to get a midnight snack, but I can't go to the kitchen.
I want to get a part-time job.
I want to get a real job.
I want to get a satisfactory explanation for your conduct.
I want to get a sightseeing visa.
I want to get a suntan.
I want to get a tattoo of a dragon on my back.
I want to get a tattoo of a mermaid on my right arm.
I want to get a tattoo on my chest.
I want to get a tattoo.
I want to get a tourist visa.
I want to get a unicycle.
I want to get as far away from here as I can.
I want to get as far away from this godforsaken village as possible.
I want to get as much information as I can.
I want to get as much information as possible.
I want to get away for the weekend.
I want to get away from here as soon as possible.
I want to get away from the noise.
I want to get away from the rat race.
I want to get away.
I want to get back home before Tom and Mary do.
I want to get back home before Tom does.
I want to get back home today.
I want to get back there.
I want to get back to Australia as soon as possible.
I want to get back to Australia.
I want to get back to Boston as soon as possible.
I want to get back to Boston.
I want to get back to Italy.
I want to get back to my wife.
I want to get back together with my ex-husband, even though I'm pregnant by his brother.
I want to get back together with the boyfriend I broke up with.
I want to get back with you.
I want to get back.
I want to get better at French.
I want to get better at chess.
I want to get better at cooking.
I want to get better at doing this.
I want to get better at guitar.
I want to get better at playing the guitar.
I want to get better at speaking French.
I want to get better at tennis.
I want to get better.
I want to get cigarettes.
I want to get close to the action.
I want to get closer to God.
I want to get closer to you.
I want to get divorced.
I want to get dressed.
I want to get drunk.
I want to get enough rest.
I want to get enough.
I want to get even with him for the insult.
I want to get fluent in Lojban.
I want to get her out of my mind.
I want to get home before 2:30.
I want to get home before dark.
I want to get home before it gets dark.
I want to get home now.
I want to get in touch with Tom.
I want to get in touch with her.
I want to get in touch with him.
I want to get in touch with my relatives back home.
I want to get into politics.
I want to get into shape, so I've been working out every day.
I want to get involved in politics.
I want to get involved with business strategy.
I want to get involved.
I want to get it over with.
I want to get it right the first time.
I want to get it right.
I want to get lost in Eastern Europe.
I want to get lost.
I want to get married again.
I want to get married and I want to have kids.
I want to get married and have children.
I want to get married, but not to Mary.
I want to get married, just not to you.
I want to get married.
I want to get more.
I want to get my GED.
I want to get my banjo back.
I want to get my car painted blue.
I want to get my driver's license as soon as I can.
I want to get my driver's license, but my parents don't trust me behind the wheel.
I want to get my driver's license.
I want to get my ears pierced.
I want to get my hair cut before I leave on my trip.
I want to get my hair cut before I leave.
I want to get my hair cut.
I want to get my life back together.
I want to get my mind off work.
I want to get my money's worth.
I want to get my security deposit back.
I want to get my tattoos removed.
I want to get off at the next stop.
I want to get off here.
I want to get off this island.
I want to get on with my life.
I want to get out here as soon as I can.
I want to get out here as soon as possible.
I want to get out of Boston as soon as I can.
I want to get out of here and into the countryside.
I want to get out of here as fast as possible.
I want to get out of here as soon as possible.
I want to get out of here before anyone sees us.
I want to get out of here.
I want to get out of prison.
I want to get out of the business.
I want to get out of the car and stretch.
I want to get out of this place.
I want to get out of this shithole town.
I want to get out of this town.
I want to get out of town.
I want to get really tired.
I want to get rich quick.
I want to get rich quickly.
I want to get rid of Sami.
I want to get rid of Tom.
I want to get rid of all these books.
I want to get rid of all these things.
I want to get rid of all this junk.
I want to get rid of all this stuff.
I want to get rid of her.
I want to get rid of him.
I want to get rid of it.
I want to get rid of them.
I want to get smarter.
I want to get some air.
I want to get some more books to read.
I want to get some stuff done.
I want to get somebody to do that for me.
I want to get someone to do that for me.
I want to get something from the shop.
I want to get something special for Tom.
I want to get that classic car no matter how expensive it is.
I want to get that process going.
I want to get the book back from her.
I want to get the most out of it.
I want to get the word out - even if you don't have a lot of clothes you can enjoy dressing more fashionably by mixing and matching.
I want to get the word out - even if you don’t have a lot of clothes you can enjoy dressing more fashionably by mixing and matching.
I want to get there before Tom does.
I want to get there before Tom.
I want to get there before everybody else does.
I want to get there before everyone else.
I want to get there by subway.
I want to get there early so we can get good seats.
I want to get there early.
I want to get there first.
I want to get these things done as quickly as possible.
I want to get these towels dry immediately.
I want to get this done as soon as possible.
I want to get this done today.
I want to get this done.
I want to get this luggage in the truck. Do you think you could help me?
I want to get this translated into French.
I want to get to Australia as quickly as possible.
I want to get to Boston as quickly as possible.
I want to get to Boston.
I want to get to be as good at French as you are.
I want to get to know Tom better.
I want to get to know Tom.
I want to get to know her on a deeper level.
I want to get to know her.
I want to get to know him.
I want to get to know my father-in-law better.
I want to get to know them.
I want to get to know you better before I make any decisions.
I want to get to know you better.
I want to get to know you.
I want to get to know your family better.
I want to get to the bank before it closes.
I want to get to work.
I want to get up and dance.
I want to get up early tomorrow.
I want to get up.
I want to get you someplace where I know that you'll be safe.
I want to get you someplace where I know you'll be safe.
I want to give Mom a plant.
I want to give Mum a plant.
I want to give Tom a little bit of money.
I want to give Tom a party.
I want to give Tom a present for his birthday.
I want to give Tom another chance.
I want to give Tom everything.
I want to give Tom some money.
I want to give Tom something nice for his birthday.
I want to give Tom something special.
I want to give Tom something useful for his birthday.
I want to give Tom the benefit of the doubt.
I want to give Tom the chance to do that.
I want to give Tom this.
I want to give gifts to everybody.
I want to give gifts to everyone.
I want to give her a gift for her birthday.
I want to give her a party.
I want to give her a thousand kisses.
I want to give her this.
I want to give him a party.
I want to give him a present for his birthday.
I want to give him this.
I want to give it a shot.
I want to give it a try.
I want to give it to Aaron.
I want to give it to Mary.
I want to give it to her.
I want to give my old car to Tom.
I want to give my old computer to Tom.
I want to give my old desk to Tom.
I want to give some money to Tom.
I want to give something back.
I want to give something to you.
I want to give them this.
I want to give these to you.
I want to give this to Tom.
I want to give this to you.
I want to give up on you.
I want to give up.
I want to give without waiting for anything in return.
I want to give you a bicycle for your birthday.
I want to give you a blowjob.
I want to give you a gift.
I want to give you a goodbye kiss.
I want to give you a helping hand to take off some weight off your mind and to make your life feel lighter and to make your life feel more relaxing and to make your life easier on you.
I want to give you a hug.
I want to give you a present.
I want to give you a thousand kisses.
I want to give you all of these.
I want to give you all these.
I want to give you courage.
I want to give you enough time to do that.
I want to give you my heart for ever.
I want to give you some money to help you through these hard times.
I want to give you something rare.
I want to give you something.
I want to give you that, but I can't.
I want to give you the benefit of the doubt.
I want to give you the chance to do that.
I want to give you the world.
I want to give you these.
I want to give you this.
I want to give.
I want to go a little deeper.
I want to go abroad next year.
I want to go abroad one day.
I want to go abroad someday.
I want to go abroad, for instance, to Italy and Spain.
I want to go abroad.
I want to go along the river.
I want to go and change into that shirt I bought yesterday.
I want to go and change into that shirt that I bought yesterday.
I want to go and cheer.
I want to go and do that.
I want to go and get a haircut.
I want to go and have a drink.
I want to go and live in Australia.
I want to go and live in Boston.
I want to go and live in Luxembourg!
I want to go and see Tom.
I want to go and see a film.
I want to go and see cherry trees blooming.
I want to go and see the cherry trees in blossom.
I want to go and visit London this summer.
I want to go as far as I can.
I want to go as well, but I can't go since I don't have money.
I want to go at my own pace.
I want to go away.
I want to go back home to Australia.
I want to go back home, where my father is waiting for me.
I want to go back home.
I want to go back now.
I want to go back there tonight.
I want to go back there.
I want to go back to Australia.
I want to go back to Boston.
I want to go back to Kabylie.
I want to go back to Spain.
I want to go back to Tom's.
I want to go back to bed and try to get another couple of hours of sleep.
I want to go back to bed.
I want to go back to being a baby.
I want to go back to college.
I want to go back to doing what I was doing before you interrupted me.
I want to go back to my cubicle.
I want to go back to my desk.
I want to go back to my friends.
I want to go back to my hometown to see my parents.
I want to go back to my quarters.
I want to go back to my room.
I want to go back to school and finish it out.
I want to go back to sleep.
I want to go back to the lab.
I want to go back to the park where we first met.
I want to go back to the way it was.
I want to go back to where we were.
I want to go back to work.
I want to go back.
I want to go bowling with Tom.
I want to go bowling with you.
I want to go bowling.
I want to go buy a piñata of my favorite anime character.
I want to go by air if possible.
I want to go by myself.
I want to go by train.
I want to go camping.
I want to go discuss something important with you.
I want to go down on you.
I want to go downtown.
I want to go eat an ice cream.
I want to go everywhere in Europe.
I want to go faster.
I want to go fishing today.
I want to go fishing with you.
I want to go fishing.
I want to go for a frolic in the rain.
I want to go for a ride.
I want to go for a swim in the river.
I want to go for a swim.
I want to go for a walk in the countryside.
I want to go for a walk.
I want to go full speed.
I want to go get my hair cut.
I want to go hiking and get baked by the sun.
I want to go hiking with you.
I want to go home and cry.
I want to go home and eat.
I want to go home and see my wife.
I want to go home and sleep.
I want to go home and that's why I'm crying.
I want to go home as much as you do.
I want to go home as soon as possible.
I want to go home earlier than usual.
I want to go home now, but Tom wants to stay a little longer.
I want to go home now.
I want to go home to see my wife.
I want to go home today.
I want to go home!
I want to go home, but I can't.
I want to go home.
I want to go home. I have a wife and kids.
I want to go horseback riding.
I want to go hunting with Tom.
I want to go hunting with you.
I want to go hunting.
I want to go ice skating.
I want to go inside.
I want to go into sports broadcasting.
I want to go into town.
I want to go live in Australia.
I want to go mountain climbing.
I want to go now.
I want to go on a diet, but I just can't stop snacking.
I want to go on a hike today.
I want to go on a holiday in Poland.
I want to go on a journey around the world if possible.
I want to go on a picnic.
I want to go on a trip with you.
I want to go on an adventure.
I want to go on an international trip with my pal.
I want to go on record as being against it.
I want to go on.
I want to go out for a jog before it gets too hot.
I want to go out for a walk.
I want to go out to get something to eat.
I want to go out today.
I want to go out tonight.
I want to go out with Tom.
I want to go out with her.
I want to go out with him.
I want to go out with you to get some bread.
I want to go out with you to get some pastries.
I want to go out with you.
I want to go out.
I want to go outside and play with my friends.
I want to go outside for a breath of fresh air.
I want to go outside.
I want to go over a few things with you.
I want to go over it again in more detail.
I want to go over it again.
I want to go over these numbers with you.
I want to go over to France.
I want to go overseas.
I want to go play in the river.
I want to go play with my friends.
I want to go right now.
I want to go round to see Tom.
I want to go sailing.
I want to go see Tom.
I want to go see a movie.
I want to go see the streets.
I want to go shopping with Tom.
I want to go shopping with you.
I want to go shopping.
I want to go skating.
I want to go skiing with Tom.
I want to go skiing with her.
I want to go skiing with you.
I want to go someplace where no one else has ever been.
I want to go somewhere else.
I want to go somewhere in Europe.
I want to go somewhere less crowded.
I want to go somewhere on a trip.
I want to go somewhere quiet.
I want to go somewhere where no one's ever been.
I want to go somewhere with fewer people
I want to go south for the winter.
I want to go straight.
I want to go study at a Canadian university.
I want to go swimming again.
I want to go swimming so much!
I want to go swimming today, but the water is just too dirty for a person.
I want to go swimming today.
I want to go swimming tomorrow.
I want to go swimming with Tom.
I want to go swimming with a friend.
I want to go swimming with you.
I want to go swimming!
I want to go swimming.
I want to go talk to Tom.
I want to go talk to her.
I want to go talk to him.
I want to go talk to them.
I want to go there again.
I want to go there alone.
I want to go there as much as you do.
I want to go there before I die.
I want to go there by myself.
I want to go there once again.
I want to go there once more.
I want to go there one day.
I want to go there tomorrow.
I want to go there.
I want to go to Africa someday.
I want to go to Alaska and watch the northern lights.
I want to go to Algeria.
I want to go to America some day.
I want to go to America someday.
I want to go to America.
I want to go to Ashgabat.
I want to go to Australia again before my passport expires.
I want to go to Australia at least one more time before I die.
I want to go to Australia just as badly as Tom does.
I want to go to Australia just as badly as you do.
I want to go to Australia once again before my passport expires.
I want to go to Australia once more before my passport expires.
I want to go to Australia one more time before my passport expires.
I want to go to Australia some day.
I want to go to Australia someday.
I want to go to Australia sometime.
I want to go to Australia with Tom.
I want to go to Australia with my family.
I want to go to Australia with you.
I want to go to Australia, too.
I want to go to Australia.
I want to go to Bali.
I want to go to Boston at least one more time before I die.
I want to go to Boston just as badly as you do.
I want to go to Boston next month with Tom.
I want to go to Boston someday.
I want to go to Boston sometime.
I want to go to Boston tomorrow.
I want to go to Boston with Tom.
I want to go to Boston with you.
I want to go to Boston, too.
I want to go to Boston.
I want to go to Brazil.
I want to go to Britain.
I want to go to China to see the sights there.
I want to go to China.
I want to go to Cyprus.
I want to go to England.
I want to go to Europe someday.
I want to go to France for my vacation.
I want to go to Germany to learn German.
I want to go to Germany.
I want to go to Harvard.
I want to go to Hawaii next spring.
I want to go to Hawaii.
I want to go to India.
I want to go to Italy.
I want to go to Japan someday.
I want to go to Japan.
I want to go to Kabylie.
I want to go to Korea.
I want to go to Kyoto.
I want to go to Lodz with you.
I want to go to London.
I want to go to Lviv...
I want to go to Mars.
I want to go to Minnesota.
I want to go to New York.
I want to go to North Korea.
I want to go to Osaka sometime.
I want to go to Papar. Where can I find a train to go there?
I want to go to Paris.
I want to go to Prague tomorrow.
I want to go to Russia this summer.
I want to go to Russia.
I want to go to Saudi Arabia.
I want to go to Seattle.
I want to go to Singapore.
I want to go to Spain.
I want to go to Sweden.
I want to go to Taipei, too.
I want to go to Tampa.
I want to go to Tehran.
I want to go to Tokyo.
I want to go to Tom's party.
I want to go to Turkey.
I want to go to a cat café.
I want to go to a country without Mondays.
I want to go to a foreign country someday.
I want to go to a foreign country sometime.
I want to go to a hotel.
I want to go to a land without Mondays.
I want to go to a region where the ocean is.
I want to go to another country.
I want to go to bed a little earlier than usual tonight.
I want to go to bed earlier tonight.
I want to go to bed early tonight.
I want to go to bed early.
I want to go to bed right now.
I want to go to bed!
I want to go to bed.
I want to go to bgayet.
I want to go to church.
I want to go to class.
I want to go to college in Boston.
I want to go to college, but I can't afford to.
I want to go to college.
I want to go to every wilaya in Algeria.
I want to go to grad school.
I want to go to graduate school.
I want to go to heaven, but I don't want to die in order to get there.
I want to go to heaven, but I don't want to die to get there!
I want to go to his house using my car.
I want to go to lunch with Tom.
I want to go to lunch with you.
I want to go to my bed!
I want to go to my friends' cities.
I want to go to outer space.
I want to go to paradise.
I want to go to school and study hard.
I want to go to school in Australia.
I want to go to school today.
I want to go to school.
I want to go to see a doctor.
I want to go to see a film.
I want to go to see a movie.
I want to go to sleep soon because I need to get up early tomorrow.
I want to go to sleep.
I want to go to that village.
I want to go to the Bolshoi theater, but they say it's difficult to get tickets.
I want to go to the UK someday.
I want to go to the UK.
I want to go to the USA.
I want to go to the United Kingdom.
I want to go to the bank.
I want to go to the barber.
I want to go to the bathroom.
I want to go to the beach with you.
I want to go to the beach.
I want to go to the cinema.
I want to go to the cinema. Want to come?
I want to go to the circus with you.
I want to go to the city centre.
I want to go to the city.
I want to go to the concert with you.
I want to go to the concert, but I don't have a ticket.
I want to go to the dance with Tom.
I want to go to the gym to keep fit.
I want to go to the gym.
I want to go to the hospital to get a complete check-up.
I want to go to the hospital with Tom.
I want to go to the hospital.
I want to go to the hotel.
I want to go to the ice rink.
I want to go to the lake with you.
I want to go to the lake.
I want to go to the moon.
I want to go to the mosque.
I want to go to the mountain.
I want to go to the movies today.
I want to go to the movies with you.
I want to go to the movies.
I want to go to the park.
I want to go to the party.
I want to go to the planetarium!
I want to go to the pool.
I want to go to the restroom but I'll restrain myself.
I want to go to the same school that Tom plans to go to.
I want to go to the sea again.
I want to go to the sea one more time.
I want to go to the seaside, nothing more.
I want to go to the skating rink.
I want to go to the store Tom went to yesterday.
I want to go to the store where Tom and Mary work.
I want to go to the store where Tom works.
I want to go to the store.
I want to go to the toilet.
I want to go to the top of the Eiffel Tower.
I want to go to the washroom.
I want to go to the zoo with Tom.
I want to go to the zoo.
I want to go to town.
I want to go to university.
I want to go to work.
I want to go to your party.
I want to go together with Emily.
I want to go too.
I want to go traveling with her.
I want to go wherever you go.
I want to go wherever you're going.
I want to go wherever you’re going.
I want to go with Tom to the hospital.
I want to go with Tom.
I want to go with a friend to Hokkaido next month.
I want to go with her.
I want to go with him.
I want to go with them.
I want to go with you to the movies.
I want to go with you tonight.
I want to go with you, Tom.
I want to go with you, but I'm broke.
I want to go with you, but I’m broke.
I want to go with you.
I want to go, but I can't.
I want to go, but I don't have money.
I want to go, too.
I want to go.
I want to greet him, too.
I want to grow a beard.
I want to grow a mustache.
I want to grow good vegetables, rice, fruit and so on.
I want to grow ivy behind the house.
I want to grow old gracefully.
I want to grow old with Mary.
I want to grow old with Tom.
I want to grow old with my wife.
I want to grow old with you.
I want to grow up to be a great scientist.
I want to guide him toward healthier outlets.
I want to handle it.
I want to handle the problem myself.
I want to hang a towel rack in my bathroom.
I want to hang a towel rack in the kitchen.
I want to hang another towel rack in the bathroom.
I want to hang myself.
I want to hang out in Boston for a while.
I want to hang out with you and your friends.
I want to happily fall in love.
I want to have Tom all to myself.
I want to have a baby now!
I want to have a baby with you.
I want to have a big chair.
I want to have a career before I get married.
I want to have a chat with you.
I want to have a child.
I want to have a closer look at that.
I want to have a cup of coffee.
I want to have a drink.
I want to have a family.
I want to have a few words with him.
I want to have a friend.
I want to have a full and enriching student-life.
I want to have a girl and I will name her Yagmur.
I want to have a girlfriend someday.
I want to have a good career.
I want to have a good time.
I want to have a job that I love.
I want to have a kip.
I want to have a little chat with you about Tom.
I want to have a little look.
I want to have a little talk with you.
I want to have a look around.
I want to have a look at this one.
I want to have a lot of money.
I want to have a meeting with you.
I want to have a more satisfying relationship.
I want to have a part-time job, too.
I want to have a party for Tom.
I want to have a picnic.
I want to have a proper house and garden.
I want to have a rich husband.
I want to have a shower.
I want to have a sister.
I want to have a sword!
I want to have a talk with Tom.
I want to have a talk with him about my future.
I want to have a talk with him about the matter.
I want to have a talk with him.
I want to have a talk with you.
I want to have a telephone installed.
I want to have a ton of fun.
I want to have a word with Tom.
I want to have a word with her.
I want to have a word with him.
I want to have a word with them.
I want to have a word with you before you leave.
I want to have a word with you.
I want to have all those experiences that I haven't had so far in my life due to lack of money.
I want to have an aspirin.
I want to have anal sex with you.
I want to have children.
I want to have dinner at a restaurant.
I want to have fun.
I want to have his only daughter for my wife.
I want to have it all.
I want to have it.
I want to have kids.
I want to have lunch with Tom today.
I want to have lunch with you today.
I want to have many children.
I want to have more confidence.
I want to have my breakfast.
I want to have my cake and eat it!
I want to have my car painted blue.
I want to have my car painted dark blue.
I want to have my name taken off the list.
I want to have my own life.
I want to have my own room.
I want to have nothing further to do with you.
I want to have nothing to do with you.
I want to have sex with a male porn actor at least once before I die.
I want to have sex with her.
I want to have sex with him.
I want to have sex with you.
I want to have six-pack abs.
I want to have some fun.
I want to have some sweets.
I want to have some tea.
I want to have something to remember you by.
I want to have the best life.
I want to have this cassette recorder fixed.
I want to have this dictionary most of all.
I want to have this letter registered.
I want to have this letter translated into English by tomorrow.
I want to have this letter translated into French by the day after tomorrow.
I want to have this old coat made over.
I want to have you.
I want to have your child.
I want to hear Tom laugh again.
I want to hear Tom sing.
I want to hear Tom speak.
I want to hear Tom's opinion again.
I want to hear Tom's opinion.
I want to hear Tom's voice.
I want to hear a story!
I want to hear a story.
I want to hear about it.
I want to hear about what happened.
I want to hear about what you plan to do.
I want to hear about your plans.
I want to hear about your trip!
I want to hear all about it.
I want to hear all about your trip to Australia.
I want to hear all about your trip to Boston.
I want to hear all about your trip.
I want to hear all your news.
I want to hear anything you have to say.
I want to hear both sides of the story.
I want to hear everything about Mary.
I want to hear everything that's happened to you.
I want to hear everything you want to say.
I want to hear everything.
I want to hear from Tom.
I want to hear from her.
I want to hear from him.
I want to hear from them.
I want to hear from you, but only good news.
I want to hear from you.
I want to hear good news.
I want to hear it again.
I want to hear it from Tom.
I want to hear it from her.
I want to hear it from him.
I want to hear it from them.
I want to hear it from you.
I want to hear it one more time.
I want to hear it.
I want to hear more about Australia.
I want to hear more about Boston.
I want to hear more about Dan.
I want to hear more about Islam.
I want to hear more about Tom.
I want to hear more about this.
I want to hear more about your trip.
I want to hear more.
I want to hear nothing of it.
I want to hear people's concerns.
I want to hear something good.
I want to hear the details.
I want to hear the rest of the story.
I want to hear the rest of your story.
I want to hear the truth.
I want to hear the whole story, and don't skip any details.
I want to hear the whole story.
I want to hear the whole story. Don't skip any details.
I want to hear this.
I want to hear what Tom and Mary have to say.
I want to hear what Tom has to say.
I want to hear what Tom says.
I want to hear what Tom thinks.
I want to hear what both Tom and Mary have to say.
I want to hear what everyone has to say.
I want to hear what they want to hear.
I want to hear what you have to say.
I want to hear who won.
I want to hear you play guitar.
I want to hear you play the piano.
I want to hear you play.
I want to hear you say it.
I want to hear you scream.
I want to hear you sing.
I want to hear your opinion.
I want to hear your opinions on the book "Anne of Green Gables", which you have read.
I want to hear your story.
I want to hear your story. Go on, please.
I want to hear your version of what happened.
I want to hear your voice again.
I want to hear your voice.
I want to hear.
I want to help Native Americans to preserve their languages.
I want to help Native Americans to save their languages from extinction.
I want to help Tom and Mary do that.
I want to help Tom as much as I can.
I want to help Tom as much as you do.
I want to help Tom do that.
I want to help Tom find a job.
I want to help Tom today.
I want to help Tom, but I don't know how.
I want to help Tom.
I want to help a lot of people.
I want to help as many people as I can.
I want to help cook.
I want to help decorate.
I want to help everybody.
I want to help everyone.
I want to help her, but I don't know how.
I want to help her.
I want to help here.
I want to help him carry the packages.
I want to help him carry the parcels.
I want to help him learn Berber.
I want to help him.
I want to help if I can.
I want to help my family.
I want to help my parents.
I want to help myself.
I want to help now.
I want to help others.
I want to help out too.
I want to help out.
I want to help people.
I want to help somehow.
I want to help someone.
I want to help the kids.
I want to help them.
I want to help you a lot more.
I want to help you all.
I want to help you do that.
I want to help you figure this out.
I want to help you fulfill your dreams.
I want to help you get out of this mess.
I want to help you guys.
I want to help you however I can.
I want to help you in every way I can.
I want to help you much more.
I want to help you solve your problem.
I want to help you to study French.
I want to help you with more things.
I want to help you with your Berber.
I want to help you with your homework.
I want to help you, Tom.
I want to help you, but I can't.
I want to help you.
I want to help!
I want to help, but I can't.
I want to help, but I don't have time.
I want to help, but I'm not exactly sure how.
I want to help, but I'm so busy.
I want to help, but I'm too busy doing other things right now.
I want to help, but I'm too busy right now.
I want to help, but it requires your cooperation.
I want to help, but obviously I can't.
I want to help, too.
I want to help.
I want to hibernate.
I want to hide under a rock.
I want to hike to a remote place where not many people hike.
I want to hike up this mountain.
I want to hire Tom and Mary.
I want to hire Tom.
I want to hire a guide who can speak French.
I want to hire a helper.
I want to hire a rowing boat.
I want to hire a servant.
I want to hire a yacht.
I want to hire her.
I want to hire him.
I want to hire them.
I want to hire you to watch Tom.
I want to hire you.
I want to hit the road.
I want to hold Tom.
I want to hold her.
I want to hold him.
I want to hold them.
I want to hold you close, always.
I want to hold you tight.
I want to hold you.
I want to hold your hand.
I want to honor my father.
I want to honor the memory of my mother.
I want to hug Tom.
I want to hug you and invite you to coffee this evening, how can I do that?
I want to hug you!
I want to hug you.
I want to hurry and go out, so I can let loose and have fun.
I want to hurt her as much as she hurt me.
I want to impress everyone.
I want to impress my friends.
I want to improve my Berber fluency.
I want to improve my Berber speaking skills.
I want to improve my Berber to communicate with my students with more efficiency.
I want to improve my Berber.
I want to improve my Berber. What do you suggest?
I want to improve my English.
I want to improve my French.
I want to improve my German.
I want to improve my Greek.
I want to improve my Italian.
I want to improve my Spanish.
I want to improve my Tagalog.
I want to improve my knowledge of languages.
I want to improve my penmanship.
I want to improve my pronunciation.
I want to improve myself.
I want to increase my vocabulary.
I want to inspire Taninna to learn Berber.
I want to install solar panels.
I want to interview Tom Jackson.
I want to interview Tom.
I want to interview him.
I want to introduce you to Tom.
I want to introduce you to her.
I want to introduce you to my friend here.
I want to introduce you to my new husband.
I want to introduce you to my parents next Saturday.
I want to introduce you to some people.
I want to introduce you to the man I spoke about the other day.
I want to invest a little money every month.
I want to invest in index funds.
I want to invest in our relationship.
I want to investigate this matter.
I want to invite Tom and Mary over for dinner.
I want to invite my friends for a drink in town today.
I want to invite them to participate.
I want to invite you to a party.
I want to invite you to dinner.
I want to invite you to participate.
I want to invite you to the party.
I want to join Joe's group.
I want to join Joe’s group.
I want to join Tom.
I want to join a band.
I want to join an athletic club.
I want to join the army.
I want to join the club.
I want to join the school orchestra.
I want to join the team.
I want to join the thieves' guild.
I want to join you for bouldering tomorrow.
I want to join you.
I want to join your band.
I want to join your club.
I want to join your group.
I want to join your team.
I want to jump into the pool.
I want to just focus on the positive.
I want to keep a cat instead of a dog.
I want to keep a low profile.
I want to keep bulking up my repertoire.
I want to keep competing.
I want to keep doing this for as long as possible.
I want to keep doing this.
I want to keep it simple.
I want to keep it there.
I want to keep it.
I want to keep learning about Algeria.
I want to keep moving.
I want to keep my car there.
I want to keep my children at home.
I want to keep my feelings private.
I want to keep my hands clean.
I want to keep my kids at home.
I want to keep my kids safe.
I want to keep my options open.
I want to keep my personal reflections to myself.
I want to keep my room as neat as possible.
I want to keep my room as tidy as possible.
I want to keep my secret.
I want to keep my thoughts to myself.
I want to keep my towels fluffy.
I want to keep my towels soft.
I want to keep on doing this.
I want to keep on living with him.
I want to keep one.
I want to keep playing.
I want to keep that.
I want to keep the baby.
I want to keep the promises I made.
I want to keep them with me.
I want to keep things as they are.
I want to keep things professional between us.
I want to keep things the way that they are.
I want to keep things the way they are.
I want to keep this house as it is.
I want to keep this house the way it is.
I want to keep this place in my memory for ever.
I want to keep this.
I want to keep working for Tom.
I want to keep working for you.
I want to keep working here.
I want to keep working my way up the ranks.
I want to keep you for ever.
I want to kill Tom before he kills me.
I want to kill Tom.
I want to kill her.
I want to kill him.
I want to kill my boss.
I want to kill my neighbor's dog.
I want to kill myself.
I want to kill somebody.
I want to kill someone.
I want to kill them.
I want to kill you right now.
I want to kiss Tom goodbye.
I want to kiss Tom, and I think he wants to kiss me, too.
I want to kiss Tom.
I want to kiss every part of your body.
I want to kiss her a thousand times.
I want to kiss her goodbye.
I want to kiss her.
I want to kiss him goodbye.
I want to kiss him.
I want to kiss my girlfriend!
I want to kiss you a thousand times.
I want to kiss you goodbye.
I want to kiss you on your cheek.
I want to kiss you so much.
I want to kiss you so much...
I want to kiss you.
I want to kiss you. I miss you so much, Dad.
I want to know English at the level of a native speaker.
I want to know Tazmalt.
I want to know Tom's every move.
I want to know a lot of things.
I want to know about Tom's new job.
I want to know about Tom.
I want to know about Vietnam's history.
I want to know about everything you've done.
I want to know about everything.
I want to know about her.
I want to know about him.
I want to know about the history of Algeria.
I want to know about them.
I want to know about this mountain.
I want to know about you.
I want to know about your country so much.
I want to know about your country.
I want to know absolutely everything.
I want to know all about you.
I want to know all the details.
I want to know and that is that.
I want to know as soon as anything happens.
I want to know everything about Layla's life.
I want to know everything about him.
I want to know everything about it.
I want to know everything about you.
I want to know everything that you know.
I want to know everything there is to know about you.
I want to know everything you know.
I want to know everything.
I want to know exactly how Tom died.
I want to know exactly what Tom said.
I want to know exactly what happened.
I want to know exactly what is going on.
I want to know exactly what you did.
I want to know exactly what you said to Tom.
I want to know facts.
I want to know her name.
I want to know his name.
I want to know how God created this world. I'm not interested in this or that phenomenon, in the spectrum of this or that element. I want to know His thoughts, the rest are details.
I want to know how I can gain weight.
I want to know how I can help.
I want to know how I can learn Berber better.
I want to know how I can lose weight quickly.
I want to know how I can lose weight.
I want to know how Tom and Mary are doing.
I want to know how Tom and Mary do that.
I want to know how Tom did that.
I want to know how Tom died.
I want to know how Tom does it.
I want to know how Tom does that.
I want to know how Tom is doing.
I want to know how Tom thinks.
I want to know how all this is possible.
I want to know how far it is from here to where you live.
I want to know how he manages to make such good use of his time.
I want to know how he planned this.
I want to know how it's going.
I want to know how long I should continue doing this.
I want to know how long Tom plans to be in Australia.
I want to know how long Tom plans to be in Boston.
I want to know how long Tom plans to stay here.
I want to know how long it'll take.
I want to know how long we're going to be here.
I want to know how long you plan to be in Australia.
I want to know how long you plan to be in Boston.
I want to know how long you plan to stay here.
I want to know how many people will be at the party.
I want to know how many times you've been to Australia.
I want to know how many times you've been to Boston.
I want to know how many will make me happy.
I want to know how many years you've studied French.
I want to know how much I owe you.
I want to know how much I'm going to have to pay.
I want to know how much Tom owes you.
I want to know how much Tom weighs.
I want to know how much beer Tom drank.
I want to know how much beer you drank.
I want to know how much cake Tom has eaten.
I want to know how much candy Tom has eaten.
I want to know how much ice cream Tom ate.
I want to know how much ice cream you ate.
I want to know how much it's going to cost me to go to Australia with you.
I want to know how much it's going to cost me to go to Boston with you.
I want to know how much it's going to cost me.
I want to know how much money I should bring with me.
I want to know how much money Tom spent.
I want to know how much money Tom wasted.
I want to know how much money you spent.
I want to know how much this costs.
I want to know how much time Tom and Mary have spent in Boston.
I want to know how much time Tom has spent in Boston.
I want to know how much time Tom has spent in prison.
I want to know how much time Tom spent doing that.
I want to know how much time it took Tom to do that.
I want to know how much time it took you to do that.
I want to know how much time you spent doing that.
I want to know how much time you've spent in Australia.
I want to know how much time you've spent in Boston.
I want to know how much you owe Tom.
I want to know how my stocks are doing.
I want to know how old he is.
I want to know how tall Tom and Mary are.
I want to know how tall Tom is.
I want to know how that's possible.
I want to know how they do that.
I want to know how things are going.
I want to know how this happened and why.
I want to know how to gain weight.
I want to know how to make black sesame tofu.
I want to know how you did it.
I want to know how you did that.
I want to know how you feel about it.
I want to know how you feel about this.
I want to know how you got here.
I want to know how you got past the guards.
I want to know how you knew Tom was going to be there.
I want to know how you knew that Tom was going to be there.
I want to know how you know that.
I want to know how you plan to do that.
I want to know how you really feel about me.
I want to know how you're going to do that.
I want to know how you're going to get here.
I want to know how.
I want to know if I can come over and play.
I want to know if I can keep that book that you sent me.
I want to know if I can keep that book you sent me.
I want to know if I can keep the book that you sent me.
I want to know if I can keep the book you sent me.
I want to know if Tom and Mary eat meat or not.
I want to know if Tom and Mary have to do that today.
I want to know if Tom and Mary need to do that, too.
I want to know if Tom can come tomorrow or not.
I want to know if Tom can do that or not.
I want to know if Tom can swim or not.
I want to know if Tom eats meat or not.
I want to know if Tom has to do that today.
I want to know if Tom is at home now.
I want to know if Tom knows how to do that.
I want to know if Tom needs to do that, too.
I want to know if Tom will be here this afternoon.
I want to know if he'll come here.
I want to know if he’ll come here.
I want to know if in our city this winter will snow.
I want to know if it hurts.
I want to know if it's close.
I want to know if my baggage is going to arrive.
I want to know if what I'm doing is right.
I want to know if you can go fishing with us next weekend.
I want to know if you have a driver's license.
I want to know if you have any time to help me today.
I want to know if you have any time to help.
I want to know if you know how to do that.
I want to know if you know where Tom lives.
I want to know if you know where Tom works.
I want to know if you know who broke my kitchen window.
I want to know if you know who did that.
I want to know if you know who killed him.
I want to know if you like my new song.
I want to know if you remember Tom.
I want to know if you remember me.
I want to know if you will refund the full purchase price.
I want to know if you'll be free tomorrow.
I want to know if you'll be ready by 2:30.
I want to know if you'll go to the dance with me.
I want to know if you'll go with me to the dance.
I want to know if you're free tonight.
I want to know if you're going to do that or not.
I want to know if you're going to do that.
I want to know if you're planning on going to Australia with us next month.
I want to know if you're planning on going to Boston with us next weekend.
I want to know if you're planning to come to my party tonight.
I want to know if you're planning to come to my party.
I want to know if you're planning to do that.
I want to know if you're really planning to do that.
I want to know if you've already done that.
I want to know if you've been talking to Tom.
I want to know if you've done that already.
I want to know if you've ever been to Australia.
I want to know if you've ever been to Boston.
I want to know if you've heard from Tom.
I want to know if you’ll be free tomorrow.
I want to know love.
I want to know more about Algeria.
I want to know more about Boston.
I want to know more about Islam.
I want to know more about Mt. Fuji.
I want to know more about Tom's biological parents.
I want to know more about Tom's past.
I want to know more about Tom.
I want to know more about her.
I want to know more about him.
I want to know more about that.
I want to know more about the Australian Aboriginal Dreamtime or Dreaming.
I want to know more about the accident that killed Tom.
I want to know more about the man who lives in that house.
I want to know more about them.
I want to know more about this.
I want to know more about you, Tom.
I want to know more about you.
I want to know more about your country.
I want to know more about your return policy.
I want to know more about your school life.
I want to know more about your way of speaking.
I want to know my future.
I want to know now.
I want to know that as well.
I want to know that what I'm doing is right.
I want to know that you're safe.
I want to know the cause of the accident.
I want to know the details.
I want to know the facts.
I want to know the meaning of this Berber proverb.
I want to know the moment Tom calls.
I want to know the reason for her absence.
I want to know the reason for his absence.
I want to know the reason why.
I want to know the reason.
I want to know the reasons why.
I want to know the reasons.
I want to know the truth about my son's death.
I want to know the truth, nothing more.
I want to know the truth.
I want to know the whole story.
I want to know the whole world.
I want to know what I can do right now.
I want to know what I can do to help.
I want to know what I can do.
I want to know what I need to buy for the party.
I want to know what I need to do.
I want to know what I ought to do next. I hope to God you'll be able to tell me.
I want to know what I'm buying.
I want to know what I'm doing is right.
I want to know what I'm getting into.
I want to know what I'm supposed to do.
I want to know what Tom and Mary are doing in Boston.
I want to know what Tom did last weekend.
I want to know what Tom does for a living.
I want to know what Tom is doing in Australia.
I want to know what Tom is doing in Boston.
I want to know what Tom is up to.
I want to know what Tom meant.
I want to know what Tom said about me.
I want to know what Tom thinks is going to happen.
I want to know what Tom thinks.
I want to know what Tom's blood type is.
I want to know what Tom's opinion is.
I want to know what Tom's up to.
I want to know what caused me to gain so much weight.
I want to know what caused the accident.
I want to know what caused the explosion.
I want to know what happened here.
I want to know what happened to Tom.
I want to know what happened to her.
I want to know what happened to him.
I want to know what happened to the gun Tom gave you.
I want to know what happened to the gun you received from Tom.
I want to know what happened to the pistol Tom gave you.
I want to know what happened to the pistol that you received from Tom.
I want to know what happened to your car.
I want to know what happened.
I want to know what happens there.
I want to know what happens.
I want to know what has happened since I left.
I want to know what his age is.
I want to know what it is I'm getting into.
I want to know what it is I'm getting involved with.
I want to know what it is first.
I want to know what it is.
I want to know what it's like before I die.
I want to know what it's like.
I want to know what kind of car Tom drives.
I want to know what kind of car Tom has.
I want to know what love is.
I want to know what made that noise.
I want to know what that is.
I want to know what the cause of the accident was.
I want to know what the problem was.
I want to know what this is all about.
I want to know what this is called.
I want to know what this is.
I want to know what time it is.
I want to know what time the meeting starts.
I want to know what time to come.
I want to know what time you plan on doing that.
I want to know what time you plan to arrive.
I want to know what time you plan to do that.
I want to know what time you'll be getting here.
I want to know what time you're going to be there.
I want to know what time you're going to get home.
I want to know what time you're planning on doing that.
I want to know what time you're planning to arrive.
I want to know what time you're planning to do that.
I want to know what to do next.
I want to know what to do with all the stuff that you left with me.
I want to know what to do with all the stuff you left with me.
I want to know what to expect.
I want to know what we're doing here.
I want to know what we're here for.
I want to know what will happen.
I want to know what you did last weekend.
I want to know what you did this summer.
I want to know what you do for a living.
I want to know what you know.
I want to know what you mean.
I want to know what you plan on doing.
I want to know what you plan to do.
I want to know what you see right now.
I want to know what you think about it.
I want to know what you think this is.
I want to know what you think will happen.
I want to know what you think.
I want to know what you want me to do with all the stuff that you left in my garage.
I want to know what you want me to do with all the stuff you left in my garage.
I want to know what you'd like to do.
I want to know what you'd like to drink.
I want to know what you'd like to eat.
I want to know what you'll do.
I want to know what you're doing here.
I want to know what you're doing to find Tom.
I want to know what you're doing.
I want to know what you're going to do about it.
I want to know what you're planning on doing.
I want to know what you're planning to do.
I want to know what you're thinking about.
I want to know what you're thinking.
I want to know what you've discovered.
I want to know what you've done.
I want to know what you've found out.
I want to know what your opinion is.
I want to know what'll happen if we do that.
I want to know what'll happen next.
I want to know what'll happen.
I want to know what's behind it.
I want to know what's funny.
I want to know what's going on between you and Tom.
I want to know what's going on here.
I want to know what's going on out here.
I want to know what's going on out there.
I want to know what's going on.
I want to know what's going to be going on here this afternoon.
I want to know what's going to happen next.
I want to know what's going to happen.
I want to know what's good.
I want to know what's happened to Tom.
I want to know what's happening in Algeria.
I want to know what's happening tomorrow.
I want to know what's in my food.
I want to know what's in this box.
I want to know what's in this stew.
I want to know what's likely to happen if we do that.
I want to know what's on that train.
I want to know what's out there.
I want to know what's so funny.
I want to know when I need to be there.
I want to know when Tom and Mary are going to Boston.
I want to know when Tom and Mary are going to do that.
I want to know when Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
I want to know when Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
I want to know when Tom began studying French.
I want to know when Tom came to Australia.
I want to know when Tom came to Boston.
I want to know when Tom is going to Australia.
I want to know when Tom is going to Boston.
I want to know when Tom is going to do that.
I want to know when Tom is planning on doing that.
I want to know when Tom is planning to do that.
I want to know when Tom will be back.
I want to know when Tom will do that.
I want to know when my baggage is going to arrive.
I want to know when that happened.
I want to know when that'll happen.
I want to know when the concert's going to start.
I want to know when the meeting starts.
I want to know when the meeting will be over.
I want to know when we're going to Australia.
I want to know when we're going to Boston.
I want to know when we're going to do that.
I want to know when we're going to leave.
I want to know when we're going to start.
I want to know when you came to Australia.
I want to know when you came to Boston.
I want to know when you can come over to my place and help me move my piano.
I want to know when you expect to have the report finished.
I want to know when you plan on doing that.
I want to know when you plan to arrive.
I want to know when you plan to be there.
I want to know when you plan to do that.
I want to know when you plan to get here.
I want to know when you'll arrive.
I want to know when you'll be arriving.
I want to know when you'll be back.
I want to know when you'll be finished.
I want to know when you'll be going to Australia.
I want to know when you'll be going to Boston.
I want to know when you'll be here.
I want to know when you'll do that.
I want to know when you'll get here.
I want to know when you'll go shopping.
I want to know when you're coming home.
I want to know when you're coming.
I want to know when you're done.
I want to know when you're going to Australia.
I want to know when you're going to Boston.
I want to know when you're going to come over and help me.
I want to know when you're going to do that.
I want to know when you're going to leave.
I want to know when you're going to start.
I want to know when you're going to tell Tom about that.
I want to know when you're leaving.
I want to know when you're planning on doing that.
I want to know when you're planning on getting here.
I want to know when you're planning on leaving.
I want to know when you're planning to do that.
I want to know when you're planning to get here.
I want to know when you're planning to leave.
I want to know when your birthday is.
I want to know where I can buy a hat like yours.
I want to know where I can buy some fruit.
I want to know where I can buy something to drink.
I want to know where I can buy something to eat around here.
I want to know where I can buy something to eat.
I want to know where I need to go.
I want to know where I stand.
I want to know where Tom and Mary are from.
I want to know where Tom and Mary are now.
I want to know where Tom and Mary are.
I want to know where Tom and Mary come from.
I want to know where Tom and Mary live.
I want to know where Tom comes from.
I want to know where Tom hid the key.
I want to know where Tom is from.
I want to know where Tom is now.
I want to know where Tom is.
I want to know where Tom lives.
I want to know where Tom went to high school.
I want to know where Tom went.
I want to know where it came from.
I want to know where it is.
I want to know where my food comes from.
I want to know where she went.
I want to know where the ice-cream is.
I want to know where they are.
I want to know where they hid the money.
I want to know where they've taken Tom.
I want to know where you are now.
I want to know where you bought that.
I want to know where you did that.
I want to know where you found that.
I want to know where you heard that.
I want to know where you hid the key.
I want to know where you live.
I want to know where you plan to live.
I want to know where you want me to put this.
I want to know where you were last night.
I want to know where you were yesterday afternoon.
I want to know where you're going.
I want to know where you're planning on doing that.
I want to know where you're planning to do that.
I want to know where you've been.
I want to know where you've hidden the key.
I want to know whether Tom and Mary eat meat or not.
I want to know whether Tom and Mary have to do that today.
I want to know whether Tom and Mary need to do that, too.
I want to know whether Tom can swim or not.
I want to know whether Tom will be here this afternoon.
I want to know whether or not you'll be ready by 2:30.
I want to know whether what I'm doing is right.
I want to know whether you plan to come to my party or not.
I want to know whether you'll be ready by 2:30.
I want to know whether you're going to do that or not.
I want to know whether you're going to do that.
I want to know whether you've been talking to Tom.
I want to know whether you've heard from Tom.
I want to know who I need to talk to.
I want to know who Mary's boyfriend is.
I want to know who Tom's father is.
I want to know who Tom's girlfriend is.
I want to know who Tom's mother is.
I want to know who Tom's wife is.
I want to know who broke the window.
I want to know who broke this window.
I want to know who called.
I want to know who did it.
I want to know who did that to Tom.
I want to know who did that.
I want to know who did this and why.
I want to know who did this.
I want to know who didn't do that.
I want to know who gave that to you.
I want to know who gave you that.
I want to know who has gone.
I want to know who has hurt Tom.
I want to know who hasn't eaten yet.
I want to know who he is.
I want to know who helped you do your homework.
I want to know who is coming with us.
I want to know who is in charge.
I want to know who it was.
I want to know who killed Tom.
I want to know who killed her.
I want to know who killed him.
I want to know who killed them.
I want to know who knew what and when.
I want to know who lived here.
I want to know who lost.
I want to know who my father is.
I want to know who paid for this.
I want to know who sent you.
I want to know who she is.
I want to know who started it.
I want to know who started the fight.
I want to know who started this.
I want to know who that guy is.
I want to know who that is.
I want to know who they are.
I want to know who threw the first punch.
I want to know who told Tom that.
I want to know who told you that.
I want to know who used to live here and where he's gone.
I want to know who used to live here.
I want to know who was in charge.
I want to know who won.
I want to know who you are.
I want to know who you ate lunch with.
I want to know who you did that with.
I want to know who you gave your old washing machine to.
I want to know who you haven't paid yet.
I want to know who you plan to ask to the prom.
I want to know who you plan to go to Australia with.
I want to know who you plan to go to Boston with.
I want to know who you want to hire.
I want to know who you were with this afternoon.
I want to know who you're going out with tonight.
I want to know who you're going to the dance with.
I want to know who you're married to.
I want to know who your boyfriend is.
I want to know who your friends are.
I want to know who your girlfriend is.
I want to know who's already eaten.
I want to know who's coming with us.
I want to know who's staying with us.
I want to know whose chair this is.
I want to know who’s coming with us.
I want to know who’s staying with us.
I want to know why I had to do that.
I want to know why I have to do that.
I want to know why I need to do that.
I want to know why I needed to do that.
I want to know why I'm here.
I want to know why Tom and Mary are doing this.
I want to know why Tom and Mary are mad at me.
I want to know why Tom and Mary aren't here.
I want to know why Tom and Mary aren't working here anymore.
I want to know why Tom and Mary don't get along.
I want to know why Tom and Mary haven't done that.
I want to know why Tom couldn't come.
I want to know why Tom did that.
I want to know why Tom did this.
I want to know why Tom didn't do that.
I want to know why Tom didn't go to Boston with Mary.
I want to know why Tom didn't go to school today.
I want to know why Tom didn't want to do that.
I want to know why Tom has to do that.
I want to know why Tom hasn't done that.
I want to know why Tom is absent.
I want to know why Tom is doing this.
I want to know why Tom is mad at me.
I want to know why Tom is still not married.
I want to know why Tom isn't here today.
I want to know why Tom isn't here.
I want to know why Tom isn't working here anymore.
I want to know why Tom needs to do that.
I want to know why Tom wanted to do that.
I want to know why Tom wants to do that.
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.
I want to know why he didn't go to the party
I want to know why she isn't waiting for me here.
I want to know why that happened.
I want to know why things are the way they are.
I want to know why this happened.
I want to know why this is happening.
I want to know why we're doing this.
I want to know why you and Tom don't get along.
I want to know why you aren't ready.
I want to know why you did that.
I want to know why you did what you did.
I want to know why you didn't call me back.
I want to know why you didn't do what you told me you'd do.
I want to know why you didn't get here on time.
I want to know why you didn't help us yesterday.
I want to know why you don't like Tom.
I want to know why you don't like me.
I want to know why you haven't done that yet.
I want to know why you haven't left yet.
I want to know why you haven't written the report yet.
I want to know why you lied to me.
I want to know why you lied.
I want to know why you think I should do that.
I want to know why you think that I should do that.
I want to know why you think we should do this.
I want to know why you thought I was supposed to do that.
I want to know why you thought that I was supposed to do that.
I want to know why you threatened Tom.
I want to know why you want to know.
I want to know why you wanted to kill me.
I want to know why you were absent yesterday.
I want to know why you were late.
I want to know why you weren't at the meeting this morning.
I want to know why you weren't at the meeting.
I want to know why you weren't here to help us yesterday.
I want to know why you weren't here yesterday morning.
I want to know why you weren't here yesterday.
I want to know why you're doing this.
I want to know why you're going to do that.
I want to know why you're here.
I want to know why you're late.
I want to know why you're mad at Tom.
I want to know why you're mad at me.
I want to know why you're not doing that anymore.
I want to know why you're not going to do that.
I want to know why you're not happy here.
I want to know why you're not working here anymore.
I want to know why your teeth are so orange.
I want to know why.
I want to know you more.
I want to know you're safe.
I want to know you.
I want to know your name.
I want to know your opinion.
I want to know your telephone number.
I want to know, but I don't know who to ask.
I want to know.
I want to lead a meaningful life that's full of purpose.
I want to learn Albanian.
I want to learn American Sign Language.
I want to learn Arabic.
I want to learn Australian German.
I want to learn Austrian English.
I want to learn Berber and Arabic.
I want to learn Berber at home.
I want to learn Berber fast.
I want to learn Berber fluently.
I want to learn Berber for myself.
I want to learn Berber for work.
I want to learn Berber from a native speaker.
I want to learn Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
I want to learn Berber on YouTube.
I want to learn Berber this year.
I want to learn Berber.
I want to learn Bosnian.
I want to learn Breton.
I want to learn Cebuano.
I want to learn Chinese and Japanese.
I want to learn Chinese next year.
I want to learn Chinese, but the characters are difficult.
I want to learn Dutch.
I want to learn English faster.
I want to learn English so I can communicate with everyone else.
I want to learn English.
I want to learn Esperanto.
I want to learn French and English.
I want to learn French and then Italian.
I want to learn French for casual conversation, since it's what I do most.
I want to learn French, but there's not a lot of good material out there.
I want to learn French.
I want to learn Galician.
I want to learn German with my friends.
I want to learn German.
I want to learn Greek.
I want to learn Hawaiian.
I want to learn Hebrew.
I want to learn Indonesian.
I want to learn Irish.
I want to learn Japanese but I don't like watching anime.
I want to learn Japanese.
I want to learn Kabyle faster.
I want to learn Kabyle.
I want to learn Kazakh.
I want to learn Korean Sign Language.
I want to learn Korean.
I want to learn Kurdish.
I want to learn Persian.
I want to learn Romanian.
I want to learn Russian.
I want to learn Sanskrit.
I want to learn Serbian.
I want to learn Sinhala.
I want to learn Sorani Kurdish.
I want to learn Spanish.
I want to learn Swedish.
I want to learn Tamazight.
I want to learn Tigrinya.
I want to learn a foreign language perfectly.
I want to learn a foreign language.
I want to learn a lot more languages.
I want to learn a new language.
I want to learn about American daily life.
I want to learn all 1,000 words on this list by July.
I want to learn all the one thousand English words that are in this wordlist by July.
I want to learn all the words on this list before July first.
I want to learn all the words on this list by the end of July.
I want to learn all the words on this list by the middle of July.
I want to learn and speak Spanish with a teacher who is a native speaker.
I want to learn as many languages as possible.
I want to learn everything about Japanese etiquette.
I want to learn faster.
I want to learn guitar.
I want to learn how to cook Chinese food.
I want to learn how to cook Italian food.
I want to learn how to cook healthy meals for myself.
I want to learn how to crochet.
I want to learn how to dance like Tom.
I want to learn how to dance.
I want to learn how to defend myself.
I want to learn how to do that.
I want to learn how to draw pictures.
I want to learn how to draw.
I want to learn how to drive a car.
I want to learn how to drive a tractor.
I want to learn how to drive.
I want to learn how to fly an airplane.
I want to learn how to knit.
I want to learn how to make music well.
I want to learn how to make pizza.
I want to learn how to order food in French.
I want to learn how to paint pictures.
I want to learn how to play "Go".
I want to learn how to play badminton.
I want to learn how to play bridge.
I want to learn how to play chess.
I want to learn how to play football.
I want to learn how to play that song.
I want to learn how to play the accordion.
I want to learn how to play the bassoon.
I want to learn how to play the cello.
I want to learn how to play the drums.
I want to learn how to play the flute.
I want to learn how to play the guitar.
I want to learn how to play the harp.
I want to learn how to play the oboe.
I want to learn how to play the organ.
I want to learn how to play the piano.
I want to learn how to play the saxophone.
I want to learn how to play the trombone.
I want to learn how to play the trumpet.
I want to learn how to play the xylophone.
I want to learn how to program.
I want to learn how to ride a bicycle.
I want to learn how to ride a bike.
I want to learn how to ride a horse.
I want to learn how to ride a motorcycle.
I want to learn how to ride a unicycle.
I want to learn how to say a few words in French.
I want to learn how to say a few words in Upper Sorbian.
I want to learn how to say this word in Arabic.
I want to learn how to say this word in French.
I want to learn how to shear a sheep.
I want to learn how to shoot a rifle.
I want to learn how to shoot.
I want to learn how to sing that song.
I want to learn how to ski.
I want to learn how to snowboard.
I want to learn how to speak French.
I want to learn how to speak Latin.
I want to learn how to speak this language. Hopefully it won't be too difficult.
I want to learn how to surf.
I want to learn how to swim.
I want to learn how to talk to girls.
I want to learn how to teach.
I want to learn how to use my new digital camera right away.
I want to learn how to windsurf.
I want to learn how to worship God in the best way.
I want to learn how.
I want to learn karate.
I want to learn languages faster.
I want to learn math.
I want to learn mathematics.
I want to learn more Dutch.
I want to learn more about Algeria.
I want to learn more about Australia.
I want to learn more about Boston.
I want to learn more about Islam.
I want to learn more about Kabylie.
I want to learn more about Mannerism and Baroque.
I want to learn more about Tom.
I want to learn more about this area.
I want to learn more about this.
I want to learn more about what causes these kinds of problems.
I want to learn more.
I want to learn out of my own initiative.
I want to learn snowboarding.
I want to learn some French songs.
I want to learn some Turkish to go to Germany.
I want to learn some new songs.
I want to learn standard English.
I want to learn that song.
I want to learn the Amazigh language properly.
I want to learn the Berber language.
I want to learn the French and English languages.
I want to learn these dances!
I want to learn to dance like you.
I want to learn to dance.
I want to learn to defend myself.
I want to learn to drive.
I want to learn to knit.
I want to learn to play soccer.
I want to learn to play the flute.
I want to learn to play the guitar like you.
I want to learn to play the guitar.
I want to learn to read Japanese.
I want to learn to shoot like you.
I want to learn to shoot.
I want to learn to sing French folk songs.
I want to learn to sing in French.
I want to learn to sing like you.
I want to learn to sing.
I want to learn to sound more like a native speaker.
I want to learn to speak English faster.
I want to learn to speak French and English.
I want to learn to speak French fluently.
I want to learn to speak French.
I want to learn to speak Hawaiian, so I can impress my girlfriend.
I want to learn to speak Turkish.
I want to learn to speak fluent French.
I want to learn to surf.
I want to learn to swim.
I want to learn to write in Chukchi.
I want to learn to write in Kabyle.
I want to learn toki pona.
I want to learn what you want to do.
I want to learn your language.
I want to learn, too.
I want to learn.
I want to leave Australia.
I want to leave Boston as soon as I can.
I want to leave Boston.
I want to leave Paris.
I want to leave a lasting impression through my actions in life.
I want to leave a mark.
I want to leave as soon as I can.
I want to leave as soon as possible.
I want to leave behind contributions to humanity.
I want to leave early today.
I want to leave early.
I want to leave for Paris.
I want to leave here as much as you do.
I want to leave here as soon as possible.
I want to leave it up to you what to do.
I want to leave my farm to my grandchildren.
I want to leave my name on the encyclopedia.
I want to leave room for dessert.
I want to leave school.
I want to leave so badly that I'd even let tiny domesticated horses drag me away.
I want to leave soon.
I want to leave the country sometimes.
I want to leave the house.
I want to leave the village.
I want to leave these packages for a while.
I want to leave this box here.
I want to leave this city and never come back.
I want to leave this difficult job to her.
I want to leave this place quickly.
I want to leave this with you.
I want to leave today.
I want to leave, but I can't.
I want to leave, disappear, forget everything and everyone.
I want to leave, too.
I want to leave.
I want to let Tom go.
I want to let Tom know he doesn't need to be here tomorrow.
I want to let Tom know he isn't alone.
I want to let Tom know he's not alone.
I want to let Tom know that I still love him.
I want to let Tom know that he doesn't need to be here tomorrow.
I want to let Tom know that he isn't alone.
I want to let Tom know that he's not alone.
I want to let Tom know that there's nothing to worry about.
I want to let Tom know there's nothing to worry about.
I want to let Tom know we'll be late.
I want to let go of your hands now.
I want to let my beard grow.
I want to let my emotions out through crying.
I want to let my hair down.
I want to let the world know about Japanese gardens.
I want to let this room to a student.
I want to let you know how important you are to me.
I want to lie down and rest for a while.
I want to lie down for a few minutes.
I want to like people, but they're just so fucking stupid.
I want to listen to Japanese music.
I want to listen to popular music.
I want to listen to the news.
I want to listen to this Berber song.
I want to listen to you speak in Berber.
I want to listen.
I want to literally get lost in the villages of Emporda. They're so beautiful.
I want to live a carefree life in the country.
I want to live a happy life.
I want to live a relaxed life in the country after I retire.
I want to live alone.
I want to live and die free, to rob no one and to succeed no one.
I want to live as long as I can stay in good health.
I want to live at home with my family.
I want to live at my own pace.
I want to live beautiful moments.
I want to live by myself.
I want to live by the ocean.
I want to live by the sea.
I want to live close to the campus.
I want to live close to the station.
I want to live comfortably when I become old.
I want to live comfortably.
I want to live forever.
I want to live here for the rest of my life.
I want to live here.
I want to live in America.
I want to live in Antarctica.
I want to live in Athens.
I want to live in Australia as much as you do.
I want to live in Australia or in New Zealand.
I want to live in Australia someday.
I want to live in Australia.
I want to live in Boston as much as you do.
I want to live in Boston or Chicago.
I want to live in Boston or in Chicago.
I want to live in Boston someday.
I want to live in Boston.
I want to live in Brazil!
I want to live in Brazil.
I want to live in Curaçao.
I want to live in France.
I want to live in Helsinki.
I want to live in India.
I want to live in Italy.
I want to live in Kyoto or in Nara.
I want to live in Lisbon.
I want to live in Salavan Province or Champasak Province.
I want to live in Tampa.
I want to live in a French-speaking country.
I want to live in a Native American reservation.
I want to live in a big city.
I want to live in a big postmodern castle amidst majestic nature.
I want to live in a castle.
I want to live in a country where French is spoken.
I want to live in a free country.
I want to live in a more convenient location.
I want to live in a more convenient place.
I want to live in a place where locks don't exist.
I want to live in a quiet city where the air is clean.
I want to live in a rural area.
I want to live in a small town.
I want to live in a town.
I want to live in a warmer place.
I want to live in a world where people love one another.
I want to live in comfort.
I want to live in either Australia or New Zealand.
I want to live in either Boston or Chicago.
I want to live in peace.
I want to live in rural areas.
I want to live in such a place.
I want to live in the city.
I want to live in the country after I retire.
I want to live in the country.
I want to live in the countryside.
I want to live in the same neighborhood where Tom and Mary live.
I want to live in the same neighborhood where Tom lives.
I want to live in this town because, except for my dad, all my family is here.
I want to live in truth and love.
I want to live life like Tom.
I want to live like that.
I want to live my life authentically and fully.
I want to live my life to the fullest.
I want to live my life without stress and worries. I don't need to be rich or famous, I just want to be happy.
I want to live near my parents.
I want to live on my own.
I want to live on the beach. I'm happy to just float around.
I want to live out the rest of my days with him.
I want to live properly with the time I have left.
I want to live so that the funeral home will be full of people who care about me when I die.
I want to live somewhere that isn't polluted.
I want to live somewhere warm.
I want to live somewhere warmer.
I want to live surrounded by books.
I want to live the finest life possible.
I want to live the years of my future life peacefully.
I want to live there where the eagles make their nests and the goats leap on the rocks.
I want to live to the fullest.
I want to live true to myself and have no regrets.
I want to live with Fernando, but I don't want to give up my life in São Paulo.
I want to live with my mother.
I want to live with my wife.
I want to live with you guys.
I want to live with you.
I want to live with your family.
I want to live, even if I'm dead.
I want to live.
I want to lodge a formal complaint.
I want to log out.
I want to look at my reference books.
I want to look at the reference books.
I want to look at you while you sleep.
I want to look different.
I want to look good naked.
I want to look into this.
I want to look like Tom.
I want to look like her.
I want to look like him.
I want to look like them.
I want to look pretty!
I want to look rich.
I want to look taller.
I want to look younger.
I want to lose a bit of weight.
I want to lose a few pounds.
I want to lose some weight.
I want to lose ten pounds.
I want to lose three kilos this year.
I want to lose weight.
I want to love and be loved.
I want to love you forever!
I want to love you.
I want to love.
I want to maintain a barrier around my heart.
I want to major in cognitive science.
I want to make Tom and Mary feel at ease.
I want to make Tom feel at ease.
I want to make Tom happy.
I want to make Tom jealous.
I want to make Tom proud of me.
I want to make Tom smile.
I want to make a book cover like the leather-bound books that you get in Myst and Riven.
I want to make a call, but I don't have change at the moment.
I want to make a collect call to Australia.
I want to make a collect call to Japan.
I want to make a complaint to the management.
I want to make a complaint.
I want to make a confession.
I want to make a deal.
I want to make a difference.
I want to make a good first impression.
I want to make a good impression on your parents.
I want to make a good impression.
I want to make a local call, number 20-36-48.
I want to make a local call.
I want to make a lot of money.
I want to make a new life for myself.
I want to make a person-to person call to 212-836-1725.
I want to make a phone call, but I don't have any change now.
I want to make a phone call, but I don’t have any change now.
I want to make a phone call.
I want to make a pie.
I want to make a private visit.
I want to make a reservation for JAL flight one to Tokyo on May 12.
I want to make a statement.
I want to make absolutely sure that Tom and Mary really want to do that.
I want to make absolutely sure that Tom really wants to do that.
I want to make amends for my behavior.
I want to make an impact in someone's life.
I want to make certain Tom knows how to do that.
I want to make certain Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I want to make certain that Tom knows how to do that.
I want to make certain that Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I want to make dinner tonight.
I want to make everybody happy.
I want to make everyone happy.
I want to make friends with Nancy.
I want to make friends with your sister.
I want to make geofiction about a gigantic imaginary country called "Occidentia."
I want to make her acquaintance.
I want to make her happy.
I want to make her jealous.
I want to make her proud of me.
I want to make him happy.
I want to make him jealous.
I want to make him proud of me.
I want to make him talk.
I want to make it clear that I don't want to do that.
I want to make it clear that I have not changed my mind.
I want to make it pretty.
I want to make it right.
I want to make it simple.
I want to make it to the next shelter before dark.
I want to make it up to you.
I want to make it up with her, but she is still angry.
I want to make love and I don't want to remember your names and faces.
I want to make love to you.
I want to make love tonight and I'm not afraid of any sin.
I want to make love with you.
I want to make more money than my parents.
I want to make my family proud of me.
I want to make my father proud.
I want to make my grandmother happy.
I want to make my home in America.
I want to make my home in Australia.
I want to make my parents proud.
I want to make my towels fluffy again.
I want to make new friends.
I want to make one thing clear.
I want to make one thing perfectly clear.
I want to make reservations for a trip to Australia.
I want to make some changes.
I want to make something clear.
I want to make sure I can afford to buy it before I order it.
I want to make sure I don't make the same mistake you did.
I want to make sure I get to the station early enough to buy a newspaper before getting on the train.
I want to make sure I know what to do.
I want to make sure I understand what you're saying.
I want to make sure I'm not overestimating my abilities.
I want to make sure I'm understanding this right.
I want to make sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
I want to make sure Tom and Mary are OK.
I want to make sure Tom and Mary are safe.
I want to make sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
I want to make sure Tom does that.
I want to make sure Tom doesn't do that.
I want to make sure Tom is OK.
I want to make sure Tom is safe.
I want to make sure Tom know what to do.
I want to make sure Tom knows how to do that.
I want to make sure Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I want to make sure Tom knows what to do.
I want to make sure it's good enough.
I want to make sure it's large enough.
I want to make sure it's perfect.
I want to make sure nothing will happen to Tom.
I want to make sure nothing's broken.
I want to make sure people like you end up in prison.
I want to make sure that I don't catch the flu.
I want to make sure that I don't make the same mistake you did.
I want to make sure that Tom does that.
I want to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
I want to make sure that Tom is OK.
I want to make sure that Tom know what to do.
I want to make sure that Tom knows how to do that.
I want to make sure that Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I want to make sure that Tom knows what to do.
I want to make sure that doesn't happen again.
I want to make sure that doesn't happen to me.
I want to make sure that doesn't happen.
I want to make sure that my children have the best life possible.
I want to make sure that that doesn't happen again.
I want to make sure that that doesn't happen to me.
I want to make sure that we don't make the same mistake Tom did.
I want to make sure that we don't make the same mistake you did.
I want to make sure that we have enough time to finish this.
I want to make sure that we're not being set up.
I want to make sure that you do what Tom asked you to do.
I want to make sure there is enough.
I want to make sure this is permanent.
I want to make sure we don't make the same mistake Tom did.
I want to make sure we don't make the same mistake you did.
I want to make sure we get there on time.
I want to make sure we have enough time to finish this.
I want to make sure we have enough water.
I want to make sure we have plenty of time.
I want to make sure we're not being set up.
I want to make sure what time I'm supposed to leave.
I want to make sure what time I’m supposed to leave.
I want to make sure you are who you say you are.
I want to make sure you don't do anything dangerous.
I want to make sure you know what to do.
I want to make sure you understand what I want.
I want to make sure you're going to be all right.
I want to make sure you're safe.
I want to make that perfectly clear.
I want to make that very clear.
I want to make the most of my time on Earth.
I want to make the team.
I want to make them happy.
I want to make them jealous.
I want to make them proud of me.
I want to make things better.
I want to make things clear. Tom is NOT my boyfriend.
I want to make things right with him.
I want to make this perfectly clear.
I want to make this quick.
I want to make you Vietnamese food.
I want to make you a star here in Algeria.
I want to make you an offer.
I want to make you come.
I want to make you happy forever.
I want to make you happy.
I want to make you proud of me.
I want to make you smile.
I want to make you think about a key point.
I want to make you understand.
I want to make you work harder.
I want to marry Heather.
I want to marry Martyna.
I want to marry Mary.
I want to marry Tom and Mary's daughter.
I want to marry Tom and Mary's youngest daughter.
I want to marry Tom someday.
I want to marry Tom's sister.
I want to marry Tom.
I want to marry a Kabyle woman.
I want to marry a gamer.
I want to marry a girl like her.
I want to marry a girl who plays video games.
I want to marry a native.
I want to marry a virgin girl.
I want to marry a virgin.
I want to marry a woman like you, but I don't want to marry you.
I want to marry an Algerian woman from Kabylie.
I want to marry her, but I can not decide.
I want to marry her.
I want to marry him.
I want to marry this man.
I want to marry you.
I want to master French pronunciation.
I want to master French.
I want to master Swedish.
I want to master a foreign language.
I want to meet Mary.
I want to meet Tom Jackson.
I want to meet Tom again.
I want to meet Tom as soon as possible.
I want to meet Tom at 2:30.
I want to meet Tom's family.
I want to meet Tom's parents.
I want to meet Tom's teacher.
I want to meet Tom.
I want to meet her again.
I want to meet her.
I want to meet her; is this possible?
I want to meet him to see whether or not he gives me useful information.
I want to meet him.
I want to meet new people.
I want to meet other people, but I can't talk to them.
I want to meet people and have fun.
I want to meet people from all over the world.
I want to meet people from all types of backgrounds.
I want to meet some Native Americans.
I want to meet the actor in person.
I want to meet the girl of my dreams.
I want to meet the teacher.
I want to meet them again.
I want to meet them.
I want to meet with Tom.
I want to meet with you to discuss the matter.
I want to meet you.
I want to meet your family someday.
I want to meet your family.
I want to meet your older sister.
I want to meet your parents.
I want to mend our relationship.
I want to mend this watch.
I want to mention the release of our new software edition at the banquet.
I want to microwave a frozen food.
I want to minimize the chances of another accident.
I want to minimize the chances of another incident.
I want to miss rush hour.
I want to mop the floor.
I want to move ahead.
I want to move away from here.
I want to move away.
I want to move back to Australia.
I want to move back to Boston.
I want to move forward.
I want to move here.
I want to move into a bigger house.
I want to move on from this tedious cycle.
I want to move out and find a place of my own.
I want to move out of this cramped room as soon as I can.
I want to move out.
I want to move somewhere where the house prices aren't so high.
I want to move somewhere where the rent isn't so high.
I want to move the furniture in the room.
I want to move to Antarctica.
I want to move to Australia.
I want to move to Boston.
I want to move to Kabylie.
I want to move to Russia, the very Russia that is shown on TV ...
I want to move to the United Federation of Planets.
I want to move to the country.
I want to move to the countryside.
I want to move.
I want to name my daughter Mary.
I want to name our son Tom.
I want to name the baby after you.
I want to negotiate.
I want to not say hi.
I want to obtain answers to my questions.
I want to open a restaurant in this neighborhood someday.
I want to open a restaurant of my own.
I want to open a restaurant.
I want to open an account.
I want to open my own restaurant.
I want to open the box.
I want to oppose such a foolish plan.
I want to order my food in Berber.
I want to overcome the yesterday's number of sentences!
I want to overcome the yesterday’s number of sentences!
I want to own a restaurant.
I want to own my own restaurant someday.
I want to own my own shop.
I want to paint my car blue.
I want to paint my house.
I want to paint the house.
I want to paint you.
I want to paint.
I want to participate in the dialectic process.
I want to participate in the protest.
I want to participate in this conference.
I want to participate.
I want to party with you.
I want to party.
I want to pass the test without her.
I want to pass the test without you.
I want to pay attention to this one.
I want to pay back the money I owe you.
I want to pay back the money I owe.
I want to pay by credit card.
I want to pay for it now.
I want to pay in cash.
I want to pay in installments.
I want to pay it back to you.
I want to pay later.
I want to pay less than you for the dinner.
I want to pay my bills.
I want to pay off my debts.
I want to pay off my loan.
I want to pay with a check.
I want to pay with a credit card.
I want to pay you for your work.
I want to perform cunnilingus on you.
I want to personally thank you.
I want to pet a flying fox.
I want to phone my son.
I want to pick out a present for my friend.
I want to pitch.
I want to plant a vegetable garden.
I want to play a game where a noble female knight with the nickname "Light-Speed" freely manipulates gravity.
I want to play baseball.
I want to play basketball.
I want to play better.
I want to play billiards.
I want to play cards.
I want to play checkers.
I want to play chess with Tom.
I want to play chess with you.
I want to play chess.
I want to play foosball.
I want to play football.
I want to play golf with Tom.
I want to play golf.
I want to play in a rock band.
I want to play in the ocean.
I want to play in the river.
I want to play my banjo.
I want to play on the computer.
I want to play outside today.
I want to play outside with my friends.
I want to play poker.
I want to play table football.
I want to play table tennis naked again.
I want to play tennis on Monday.
I want to play tennis with Judy.
I want to play tennis with Tom.
I want to play tennis with you someday.
I want to play tennis with you.
I want to play tennis.
I want to play the guitar better.
I want to play the guitar.
I want to play the piano.
I want to play volleyball.
I want to play with Tom.
I want to play with my friends.
I want to play with the snow.
I want to play with you.
I want to play, too.
I want to play.
I want to please you.
I want to pluck your facial hair.
I want to point out that I am open to ideas for improvement, but first will sleep it off.
I want to practice English.
I want to practice French with a native speaker.
I want to practice French with native speakers.
I want to practice French.
I want to practice Russian.
I want to practice Spanish.
I want to practice Turkish.
I want to practice a little more.
I want to practice basketball with him.
I want to practice my French.
I want to practice speaking French with a native speaker.
I want to practice speaking French with native speakers.
I want to practice with you.
I want to practice writing in Icelandic.
I want to practise Berber in real-world situations.
I want to practise French with native speakers.
I want to practise my English.
I want to press charges.
I want to pretend it never happened.
I want to propagate the oleander.
I want to protect Tom.
I want to protect her.
I want to protect him.
I want to protect them.
I want to protect this smile.
I want to protect you.
I want to prove I can do this.
I want to prove to Tom that I can do that.
I want to prove to you I've learned my lesson.
I want to prove to you that I'm not sick.
I want to publicly complain about that.
I want to punch him.
I want to punch you in the face.
I want to punch you in your face.
I want to punch you.
I want to purchase property in Australia.
I want to purchase property in Boston.
I want to put a private investigator on Tom.
I want to put all this behind me as soon as possible.
I want to put all this behind us.
I want to put an end to the quarrel.
I want to put him in his place.
I want to put my cock deep inside you.
I want to put my trust in you.
I want to put off the lesson until another day.
I want to put out the fire.
I want to put something in the hotel safe.
I want to put the past behind me.
I want to put the record straight.
I want to put this on house charge.
I want to put this whole thing behind me.
I want to put what happened with him behind me.
I want to quickly confirm my flight again.
I want to quit my current job.
I want to quit my job.
I want to quit school.
I want to quit smoking.
I want to quit this job.
I want to quit.
I want to raise a family with you.
I want to raise a family.
I want to raise a pet as soon as possible.
I want to raise my children as Muslims.
I want to raise my children in the best way possible.
I want to raise my kids in a Berber-speaking environment.
I want to raise my son the way my father raised me.
I want to reach fluency in Berber.
I want to reach the clouds.
I want to reach the hotel before it gets dark.
I want to read a bit more on Algeria.
I want to read a book.
I want to read a few sea novels.
I want to read as many English books as possible this year.
I want to read it.
I want to read more about Algeria.
I want to read more about this.
I want to read something on the train.
I want to read that book.
I want to read the book.
I want to read this book.
I want to read to you my acceptance speech.
I want to read.
I want to realize something extraordinary.
I want to rebuild my life from scratch.
I want to rebuild my life with authenticity.
I want to receive a lot.
I want to receive.
I want to reconcile with him.
I want to recover my valuables.
I want to recreate my future.
I want to redecorate my house.
I want to redeem myself.
I want to reduce the time it takes to deal with the paperwork.
I want to reinstall the towel rack.
I want to relate.
I want to relax in front of the TV this evening. I don't want to go out.
I want to relax in front of the TV tonight. I don't want to go out.
I want to relax more.
I want to relax.
I want to relieve his anger.
I want to remain anonymous in this.
I want to remain anonymous.
I want to remember all of this.
I want to remember old melodies.
I want to remember that.
I want to remember this beautiful poem.
I want to remember this summer as something special.
I want to remind you that you have a 2:30 appointment.
I want to remodel my house.
I want to remodel my kitchen.
I want to remove from my mind everything that idealizes civilization.
I want to rent a bicycle.
I want to rent a bigger apartment.
I want to rent a bigger flat.
I want to rent a car for my trip.
I want to rent a car, please show me a price list.
I want to rent a car.
I want to rent a cat. Just kidding!
I want to rent a flat with two rooms.
I want to rent a house close to where I work.
I want to rent a house in Australia and stay for a year.
I want to rent a house in Boston.
I want to rent a house.
I want to rent a larger flat.
I want to rent a rowboat.
I want to rent a safety deposit box.
I want to rent a sailboat.
I want to rent a yacht.
I want to rent an apartment in Boston.
I want to rent an apartment with two rooms.
I want to rent an apartment.
I want to rent out my house.
I want to rent this room to a student.
I want to repaint my car.
I want to repaint my house.
I want to repent.
I want to replace him.
I want to report a theft.
I want to report the loss of some jewelry.
I want to reserve a first-class stateroom.
I want to reserve a room.
I want to resign.
I want to respond to your letter.
I want to rest a little because all the homework is finished.
I want to rest a while.
I want to rest for a bit.
I want to rest for a little while.
I want to rest under a tree.
I want to rest.
I want to restore justice.
I want to retire here.
I want to retire in Australia.
I want to retire soon.
I want to retire.
I want to retrain as a welder.
I want to return home, as I prefer to study and to succeed in life.
I want to return the favor.
I want to return this blouse and get my money back.
I want to return to Australia.
I want to return to Boston.
I want to return to my family.
I want to return to that day.
I want to return to work.
I want to return your money.
I want to return.
I want to reveal my secret to you.
I want to rewatch this underrated movie.
I want to rewrite my life story.
I want to ride a bicycle, because I live far from my school.
I want to ride a horse.
I want to ride a motorbike.
I want to ride a motorcycle.
I want to ride a pony!
I want to ride the roller coaster.
I want to ride the thinner of the two horses.
I want to rock.
I want to room with Tom.
I want to run a Windows 95 game.
I want to run away and restart my life.
I want to run away.
I want to run for class president.
I want to run for governor.
I want to run for president.
I want to run some ideas by you.
I want to run.
I want to rush a fraternity.
I want to save Tom.
I want to save a lot of money.
I want to save money.
I want to save more money.
I want to save them if I can.
I want to say "goodbye" and "thanks" in Esperanto. Can you help me?
I want to say I'm sorry.
I want to say a few words about the week we've just been through.
I want to say a few words about the week we've just had.
I want to say a few words about the week we've just lived through.
I want to say a hundred things, and I can't find words to say them in.
I want to say goodbye to my mother and my family.
I want to say goodbye to you.
I want to say goodbye.
I want to say hello to Tom.
I want to say nothing but sorry.
I want to say one thing.
I want to say something from the bottom of my heart.
I want to say something to you.
I want to say something very important.
I want to say something.
I want to say sorry.
I want to say thank you to Tom.
I want to say thank you.
I want to say that freedom is sometimes a state of mind.
I want to say that it can be done.
I want to say that word.
I want to say this the right way.
I want to say why.
I want to say yes, but I can't.
I want to say: "Thanks for the trip to Afghanistan and for my prosthesis!"
I want to scare Tom.
I want to schedule next week's product development meeting. Could you pin down a meeting room for me?
I want to score more goals.
I want to scratch my nose.
I want to scream at Tom.
I want to scream.
I want to see Algeria.
I want to see Australia.
I want to see Boston.
I want to see Chloe.
I want to see Dr. Jackson.
I want to see Laurie.
I want to see Layla one last time.
I want to see Native Americans in Brazil.
I want to see Paris.
I want to see Skura in my office.
I want to see Tom again.
I want to see Tom alone.
I want to see Tom and Mary do that.
I want to see Tom anyway.
I want to see Tom before I leave.
I want to see Tom cry again.
I want to see Tom cry.
I want to see Tom dance.
I want to see Tom dancing.
I want to see Tom do that.
I want to see Tom doing that.
I want to see Tom every day.
I want to see Tom fight.
I want to see Tom first thing in the morning.
I want to see Tom first.
I want to see Tom for a minute.
I want to see Tom get ahead.
I want to see Tom get better.
I want to see Tom graduate.
I want to see Tom happy and successful.
I want to see Tom happy.
I want to see Tom hit a home run.
I want to see Tom in Boston.
I want to see Tom in an hour.
I want to see Tom in my office.
I want to see Tom in these pajamas.
I want to see Tom kick.
I want to see Tom locked up.
I want to see Tom now.
I want to see Tom once more.
I want to see Tom one last time.
I want to see Tom play golf.
I want to see Tom reinstated.
I want to see Tom riding his unicycle.
I want to see Tom right away.
I want to see Tom right now.
I want to see Tom run.
I want to see Tom shoot.
I want to see Tom smiling again.
I want to see Tom so bad.
I want to see Tom succeed.
I want to see Tom suffer.
I want to see Tom there.
I want to see Tom this time.
I want to see Tom tomorrow.
I want to see Tom try to do that.
I want to see Tom win.
I want to see Tom's clothes.
I want to see Tom's face.
I want to see Tom's house.
I want to see Tom's medical records.
I want to see Tom's school.
I want to see Tom's things.
I want to see Tom's wounds.
I want to see Tom, too.
I want to see Tom.
I want to see a Japanese movie.
I want to see a dick in your forehead!
I want to see a doctor about my stomach-ache.
I want to see a doctor about my stomachache.
I want to see a doctor as soon as possible.
I want to see a doctor.
I want to see a movie or go to a restaurant.
I want to see a movie.
I want to see a shooting star.
I want to see a show.
I want to see a soccer or volleyball game.
I want to see a strange sight.
I want to see a volcano.
I want to see another magic trick.
I want to see baseball on television this evening.
I want to see both of you.
I want to see everybody.
I want to see everyone all together.
I want to see everyone enjoying themselves.
I want to see everyone.
I want to see everything!
I want to see everything.
I want to see exactly what's happening.
I want to see for myself.
I want to see her again.
I want to see her by any means.
I want to see her face to face.
I want to see her first.
I want to see her in an hour.
I want to see her in my office.
I want to see her now.
I want to see her tomorrow.
I want to see her very much.
I want to see her.
I want to see him again.
I want to see him at all costs.
I want to see him dead.
I want to see him first.
I want to see him in an hour.
I want to see him in my office.
I want to see him no matter what.
I want to see him now.
I want to see him suffering.
I want to see him tomorrow.
I want to see him tonight in my office.
I want to see him very much.
I want to see him.
I want to see how Tom and Mary live.
I want to see how Tom does that.
I want to see how Tom lives.
I want to see how good I can get.
I want to see how it ends.
I want to see how this hat looks on you.
I want to see how you do that.
I want to see how you look like with glasses. Can you put them on?
I want to see how you'll do that.
I want to see if I can do that.
I want to see if I can find out what happened to those men.
I want to see if I can find out where Tom hid the stolen money.
I want to see if I can stand.
I want to see if Tom and Mary are in town.
I want to see if Tom and Mary like my new song.
I want to see if Tom is in town.
I want to see if Tom likes my new song.
I want to see if Tom really fixed this.
I want to see if he really fixed this.
I want to see if he really loves me.
I want to see inside that box.
I want to see it again.
I want to see it done right.
I want to see it for myself.
I want to see it happen again.
I want to see it once again.
I want to see it once more.
I want to see it snow.
I want to see it up close.
I want to see it with my own eyes.
I want to see it.
I want to see more.
I want to see my birth certificate.
I want to see my brother.
I want to see my children educated.
I want to see my dad.
I want to see my father.
I want to see my friends in Canada.
I want to see my kids.
I want to see my own grandchildren before I die, but there doesn't seem to be any form of male connection in all three of our daughters.
I want to see my parents.
I want to see my son.
I want to see results.
I want to see some fireworks.
I want to see some identification.
I want to see some sights.
I want to see that again.
I want to see that girl again some day.
I want to see that happen someday.
I want to see that happen.
I want to see that movie again.
I want to see that movie.
I want to see that picture.
I want to see that trick again.
I want to see that with my own eyes.
I want to see that.
I want to see the Grand Canyon.
I want to see the admission forms.
I want to see the countryside.
I want to see the dew drops falling from the rose petals.
I want to see the director of the company.
I want to see the film again.
I want to see the film.
I want to see the horses.
I want to see the house Tom grew up in.
I want to see the house that you grew up in.
I want to see the house where Tom grew up.
I want to see the house you grew up in.
I want to see the land and the sun.
I want to see the lion.
I want to see the manager right now.
I want to see the manager.
I want to see the medieval tiles in the nearby abbey.
I want to see the movie again.
I want to see the movie.
I want to see the number.
I want to see the ocean, too.
I want to see the ocean.
I want to see the pictures from Christmas.
I want to see the process.
I want to see the results.
I want to see the room.
I want to see the roses.
I want to see the scene in slow motion.
I want to see the sea.
I want to see the sights in Akiruno city.
I want to see the sights in Boston.
I want to see the sixth Harry Potter film.
I want to see the streets.
I want to see the temples in Taiwan.
I want to see the timeline.
I want to see the video!
I want to see the whole family.
I want to see the world through your eyes.
I want to see the world.
I want to see them again.
I want to see them all.
I want to see them first.
I want to see them in an hour.
I want to see them in my office.
I want to see them now.
I want to see them tomorrow.
I want to see them!
I want to see them.
I want to see this before I die.
I want to see this house!
I want to see this movie.
I want to see this myself.
I want to see this play.
I want to see this.
I want to see what I'm capable of.
I want to see what I'm up against.
I want to see what Tom and Mary want first.
I want to see what Tom found.
I want to see what Tom is doing.
I want to see what Tom wants first.
I want to see what happens.
I want to see what is inside.
I want to see what the message says.
I want to see what there is inside.
I want to see what tomorrow brings.
I want to see what we're capable of.
I want to see what you have in your house.
I want to see what you have inside your house.
I want to see what'll happen.
I want to see what's at the bottom of this conspiracy of silence.
I want to see what's going to happen.
I want to see what's happening.
I want to see what's in that room.
I want to see what's in the drawer.
I want to see what's in your suitcase.
I want to see what's inside that box.
I want to see what's inside.
I want to see what's on the other side.
I want to see who's in the classroom.
I want to see you a minute.
I want to see you after lunch.
I want to see you again next week.
I want to see you again.
I want to see you alone.
I want to see you and Tom.
I want to see you apply yourself.
I want to see you as soon as possible.
I want to see you before I leave.
I want to see you before you go.
I want to see you before you leave.
I want to see you both in my office.
I want to see you dance.
I want to see you die of natural causes.
I want to see you do that.
I want to see you doing that.
I want to see you downstairs.
I want to see you face to face.
I want to see you first.
I want to see you for a moment.
I want to see you fulfilled.
I want to see you immediately.
I want to see you in a Kabyle dress.
I want to see you in an hour.
I want to see you in my office right away.
I want to see you in my office right now.
I want to see you in my office this afternoon.
I want to see you in my office.
I want to see you in your office in half an hour.
I want to see you later.
I want to see you laugh.
I want to see you now.
I want to see you play.
I want to see you punished.
I want to see you push yourselves.
I want to see you ride a unicycle.
I want to see you riding a unicycle.
I want to see you right away.
I want to see you right now.
I want to see you smile.
I want to see you suffer.
I want to see you three in my office.
I want to see you tomorrow evening.
I want to see you tomorrow.
I want to see you tonight.
I want to see you two in my office. Now.
I want to see you upstairs.
I want to see you walk out that door.
I want to see you win that contest.
I want to see you without glasses.
I want to see you!
I want to see you, even if it is just for a little bit.
I want to see you, when convenient, to discuss the matter you emailed me about.
I want to see you.
I want to see your Kabyle dresses.
I want to see your bed made.
I want to see your birth certificate.
I want to see your boss.
I want to see your chest.
I want to see your dad.
I want to see your driver's license.
I want to see your engagement ring.
I want to see your expression.
I want to see your house.
I want to see your mom.
I want to see your mother.
I want to see your older sister.
I want to see your picture.
I want to see your real face.
I want to see your sister.
I want to see your supervisor.
I want to see!
I want to see, too!
I want to see.
I want to sell everything in this room.
I want to sell everything that's in my garage.
I want to sell everything that's in this room.
I want to sell it.
I want to sell my car.
I want to sell my drumset.
I want to sell my farm.
I want to sell my house.
I want to sell my land.
I want to sell my other car.
I want to sell this bicycle.
I want to sell this piece of land.
I want to sell this property.
I want to sell this trumpet.
I want to sell this.
I want to send Tom a letter.
I want to send Tom a present for his birthday.
I want to send a message to my friend Tom.
I want to send a package to Australia.
I want to send a parcel to Japan.
I want to send a present for his birthday.
I want to send a telegram.
I want to send an airmail letter to Australia.
I want to send an airmail letter to Poland.
I want to send her a letter.
I want to send him a letter.
I want to send my baggage on ahead.
I want to send some postcards to my friends in the United States.
I want to send them a letter.
I want to send these letters by airmail.
I want to send these things to Japan.
I want to send this by registered mail.
I want to send this letter to Japan.
I want to send this package to Australia.
I want to send this package to Boston.
I want to send this package to Canada.
I want to send this parcel at once.
I want to send this postcard to Australia.
I want to send this postcard to Japan.
I want to send you a fan letter!
I want to serve my country.
I want to set new goals.
I want to set the record straight.
I want to set up a meeting.
I want to settle down.
I want to settle my account.
I want to shake his hand.
I want to shake your hand.
I want to share a secret with you.
I want to share an intimate moment together.
I want to share it with you.
I want to share my innermost thoughts with him.
I want to share my opinion.
I want to share my story of how I became a practicing Muslim.
I want to share my story of how I become a Muslim.
I want to share my thoughts with you.
I want to share something with you.
I want to share this with my grandchildren one day.
I want to share this with you.
I want to share with you everything I am.
I want to share you the things I love. I think that would be more fun.
I want to shave.
I want to shear the sheep.
I want to shout out to the world.
I want to show Tom around town.
I want to show Tom he's wrong.
I want to show Tom how to do that.
I want to show Tom that I can do that.
I want to show her around town.
I want to show him around town.
I want to show it to Tom as soon as possible.
I want to show it to Tom within the hour.
I want to show my appreciation.
I want to show my gratitude.
I want to show off for them.
I want to show them around town.
I want to show you a spectacular view.
I want to show you another way that can be done.
I want to show you around town.
I want to show you how to do that.
I want to show you how well I can dance now.
I want to show you my beautiful city.
I want to show you my box of undelivered presents.
I want to show you my drawings.
I want to show you my new Kabyle dress.
I want to show you my new friend tonight.
I want to show you my new outfit.
I want to show you something I've been working on.
I want to show you something else.
I want to show you something first.
I want to show you something great.
I want to show you something in my office.
I want to show you something in the office.
I want to show you something very special.
I want to show you something, Tom.
I want to show you something.
I want to show you the best way to learn Berber.
I want to show you the raspberry bushes, put a berry on your soft lips and open them with a gentle kiss.
I want to show you too.
I want to show you what Tom gave me.
I want to sign the contracts.
I want to sign up right now.
I want to sing a song.
I want to sing and to dance.
I want to sing the song.
I want to sing to his piano accompaniment.
I want to sing with Tom.
I want to sing with you.
I want to sing you a song.
I want to sing.
I want to sit at the front rows.
I want to sit between you and Tom.
I want to sit by myself.
I want to sit by the window for once.
I want to sit by the window.
I want to sit down for a change.
I want to sit down, now!
I want to sit down.
I want to sit in the back.
I want to sit in the front row.
I want to sit in the front.
I want to sit in the middle.
I want to sit in your place.
I want to sit near Tom.
I want to sit near the door.
I want to sit near the window.
I want to sit next to Tom.
I want to sit next to the emergency exit.
I want to sit on this stone bench.
I want to sit with Tom.
I want to sit with you.
I want to sleep a bunch.
I want to sleep a little bit.
I want to sleep a little longer.
I want to sleep a little more.
I want to sleep a lot.
I want to sleep a ton.
I want to sleep all day.
I want to sleep for a while.
I want to sleep in my own bed tonight.
I want to sleep in my own bed.
I want to sleep more.
I want to sleep now.
I want to sleep on it.
I want to sleep right now.
I want to sleep until 8:30.
I want to sleep with her.
I want to sleep with your wife.
I want to sleep!
I want to sleep! Rather than live I want to sleep!
I want to sleep! Sleep rather than live!
I want to sleep.
I want to slice these potatoes into strips.
I want to smoke a hookah again.
I want to smoke.
I want to snooze some more.
I want to solve this puzzle before I go to bed.
I want to some day be as happy as a dog at the beach.
I want to someday go back to being human.
I want to sort this out once and for all.
I want to spare you this frustration!
I want to speak Berber like a native.
I want to speak Bulgarian every day.
I want to speak English fast.
I want to speak English fluently.
I want to speak English.
I want to speak French fluently.
I want to speak French.
I want to speak German.
I want to speak Russian.
I want to speak Spanish fluently.
I want to speak Spanish.
I want to speak about my love.
I want to speak fluent English.
I want to speak fluent French.
I want to speak good Berber.
I want to speak in French.
I want to speak in German with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
I want to speak in Lojban.
I want to speak now.
I want to speak to Mr Sato please.
I want to speak to Mr. Sato, please.
I want to speak to Terry.
I want to speak to Tom alone.
I want to speak to Tom now.
I want to speak to Tom, please.
I want to speak to Tom.
I want to speak to a lawyer.
I want to speak to her alone.
I want to speak to her in the matter of my salary.
I want to speak to her.
I want to speak to him alone.
I want to speak to him.
I want to speak to my client before the interrogation starts.
I want to speak to my lawyer now.
I want to speak to my lawyer.
I want to speak to the manager.
I want to speak to the person in charge.
I want to speak to them alone.
I want to speak to them.
I want to speak to whoever is in charge here.
I want to speak to you about Tom.
I want to speak to you about what needs to be done.
I want to speak to you again about the last topic.
I want to speak to you alone.
I want to speak to you at 2:30.
I want to speak to you for a moment.
I want to speak to you right away.
I want to speak to you.
I want to speak to your boss.
I want to speak to your daughter.
I want to speak to your manager.
I want to speak to your supervisor.
I want to speak with Tom now.
I want to speak with Tom, please.
I want to speak with Tom.
I want to speak with her now.
I want to speak with her.
I want to speak with him now.
I want to speak with him.
I want to speak with my attorney, now.
I want to speak with my lawyer, now.
I want to speak with the manager.
I want to speak with them now.
I want to speak with them.
I want to speak with you about it.
I want to speak with you now.
I want to speak with you.
I want to speak with your boss.
I want to speak with your daughter.
I want to speak with your manager.
I want to speak.
I want to spend Christmas with my family.
I want to spend Christmas with you.
I want to spend a few days with my parents in the village.
I want to spend a lot less.
I want to spend all my life with you.
I want to spend all my time with you.
I want to spend all summer in Berlin.
I want to spend all summer in Boston.
I want to spend less money.
I want to spend money.
I want to spend more time alone with you.
I want to spend more time doing things that make me happy.
I want to spend more time doing things that matter.
I want to spend more time with Tom.
I want to spend more time with my children.
I want to spend more time with my family.
I want to spend more time with my kids.
I want to spend more time with you.
I want to spend my free time wisely.
I want to spend my life with Mary.
I want to spend my life with Tom.
I want to spend my life with you.
I want to spend my whole vacation in Australia.
I want to spend next weekend with Tom.
I want to spend rest of the life pursuing my ideals.
I want to spend some time doing that.
I want to spend some time in Australia.
I want to spend some time in Boston.
I want to spend some time outside today.
I want to spend some time traveling.
I want to spend some time with Tom in Boston.
I want to spend some time with Tom.
I want to spend some time with my daughter.
I want to spend some time with you.
I want to spend the night here.
I want to spend the rest of my life by your side.
I want to spend the rest of my life with Tom.
I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I love you.
I want to spend the summer in Boston.
I want to spend the weekend with friends.
I want to spend the whole day with you.
I want to spend the whole summer in Boston.
I want to spend the whole weekend in Boston.
I want to spend time with Tom.
I want to spend time with my children this weekend.
I want to spend time with my children.
I want to spend time with my family.
I want to spend time with the family.
I want to spend time with you.
I want to split up, but I know I couldn't even if I tried.
I want to split up, but I know I couldn’t even if I tried.
I want to spread a message of positivity through my artwork.
I want to stand as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all the kinds of things you can't see from the center.
I want to stand out from the crowd.
I want to stand out more.
I want to stand out much more.
I want to stand out.
I want to stand up.
I want to start a family.
I want to start by addressing the elephant in the room.
I want to start doing that right away.
I want to start getting ready to do that.
I want to start learning Chinese.
I want to start learning French.
I want to start learning French. Can you recommend me any materials to study with?
I want to start learning Spanish.
I want to start making plans.
I want to start my own business.
I want to start now.
I want to start over.
I want to start running.
I want to start speaking Occidental with you.
I want to start studying French.
I want to start with doing a small survey.
I want to start working again.
I want to stay a bit longer.
I want to stay a few days.
I want to stay a little longer.
I want to stay alive.
I want to stay and help Tom do that.
I want to stay and party all night.
I want to stay and watch.
I want to stay as long as I can.
I want to stay at a five-star hotel.
I want to stay at home and read a book.
I want to stay at home and watch TV.
I want to stay at home.
I want to stay at the Hilton Hotel.
I want to stay by your side.
I want to stay for 3 or 4 days.
I want to stay for 5 or 6 days.
I want to stay for a few days.
I want to stay for several days.
I want to stay here a couple more days.
I want to stay here a few days.
I want to stay here as long as I can.
I want to stay here for a couple of days.
I want to stay here for a few days.
I want to stay here in Australia for a few more days.
I want to stay here in Boston for a few more days.
I want to stay here longer.
I want to stay here tonight.
I want to stay here until next Monday.
I want to stay here with Tom.
I want to stay here with you.
I want to stay here.
I want to stay home and read a book.
I want to stay home and sleep all day.
I want to stay home and watch TV tonight.
I want to stay home with my family.
I want to stay home with you, but I have to work today.
I want to stay home.
I want to stay in Algiers.
I want to stay in America for a few years.
I want to stay in Australia a little longer.
I want to stay in Australia for a few more days.
I want to stay in Australia for a while.
I want to stay in Australia for at least a week.
I want to stay in Australia until at least the Monday after next.
I want to stay in Australia until the end of the month.
I want to stay in Australia.
I want to stay in Boston a little longer.
I want to stay in Boston for a few more days.
I want to stay in Boston for a while.
I want to stay in Boston for at least a week.
I want to stay in Boston until Monday.
I want to stay in Boston until next Monday.
I want to stay in Boston.
I want to stay in Kabylie.
I want to stay in a hotel near the airport.
I want to stay in and read a book.
I want to stay in bed all day and just watch TV.
I want to stay in my quarters.
I want to stay in the game.
I want to stay in the house.
I want to stay like this forever.
I want to stay like this.
I want to stay living.
I want to stay longer.
I want to stay outside.
I want to stay single.
I want to stay there.
I want to stay with Tom.
I want to stay with her.
I want to stay with him.
I want to stay with them.
I want to stay with you no matter what happens.
I want to stay with you until next Monday.
I want to stay with you.
I want to stay, but Tom wants to go home.
I want to stay, now!
I want to stay.
I want to stick around, but I have a previous engagement.
I want to stick around.
I want to still love you passionately even after we become elderly.
I want to stop Tom from doing that.
I want to stop Tom.
I want to stop for personal reasons.
I want to stop here.
I want to stop thinking about this.
I want to stop this rumor before it goes any further.
I want to stop working.
I want to stop.
I want to strain your nerves.
I want to stress again that human rights are not peripheral to the foreign policy of the United States. Our pursuit of human rights is part of a broad effort to use our great power and our tremendous influence in the service of creating a better world, a world in which human beings can live in peace, in freedom, and with their basic needs adequately met.
I want to stress this point.
I want to stretch my legs.
I want to study Berber.
I want to study Chinese and go to China.
I want to study Christianity.
I want to study Dutch.
I want to study English.
I want to study Esperanto instead of German.
I want to study French next year.
I want to study French with a native speaker.
I want to study French, too.
I want to study French.
I want to study German in addition to English.
I want to study German.
I want to study Hebrew.
I want to study Islam.
I want to study Japan's history at university.
I want to study Japanese history at college.
I want to study Japan’s history at university.
I want to study Turkmen.
I want to study abroad in France during college, so I'm studying French.
I want to study abroad next year.
I want to study abroad, even if my parents are against it.
I want to study abroad.
I want to study at the university.
I want to study either French or English.
I want to study history.
I want to study in Australia.
I want to study in Boston.
I want to study in my own language.
I want to study in that school.
I want to study linguistics in Europe.
I want to study math.
I want to study mathematics.
I want to study maths.
I want to study medicine.
I want to study music.
I want to study not German, but Esperanto.
I want to study painting in Paris.
I want to study physics.
I want to study that religion.
I want to study to be a DJ.
I want to study today.
I want to study with the same French teacher that Tom is studying with.
I want to study.
I want to style my hair so it's fluffy and feels snug.
I want to submerge myself in the ocean depths, and to disappear there so as to never be seen again.
I want to suck you off.
I want to suck your cock.
I want to suck your dick.
I want to sue Tom.
I want to suffer less.
I want to suffer.
I want to sum up this passage for you.
I want to summarize the content of the presentation and draw a conclusion.
I want to surprise Tom.
I want to surprise him.
I want to survive.
I want to swim across the lake.
I want to swim!
I want to swim.
I want to take Mary somewhere romantic tonight.
I want to take Tom home.
I want to take Tom with me.
I want to take a bath!
I want to take a bath.
I want to take a better look at that painting. I want to stand closer.
I want to take a break.
I want to take a cab.
I want to take a closer look at that report.
I want to take a closer look at that.
I want to take a closer look at those charts.
I want to take a closer look.
I want to take a day off.
I want to take a leave of absence.
I want to take a little break.
I want to take a long hot shower to repair my soul a bit.
I want to take a look at this room.
I want to take a look inside.
I want to take a nap.
I want to take a nice long vacation.
I want to take a picture of it.
I want to take a picture of that.
I want to take a plane back to Boston.
I want to take a rest.
I want to take a shower.
I want to take a vacation on a tropical island.
I want to take a walk now.
I want to take a walk.
I want to take a year off and travel around the world.
I want to take advantage of it.
I want to take advantage of the opportunity to speak to the governor.
I want to take another look around.
I want to take care of Tom personally.
I want to take care of you.
I want to take dictation.
I want to take everybody's picture.
I want to take everyone's picture.
I want to take her home.
I want to take her with me.
I want to take him home.
I want to take him with me.
I want to take it apart.
I want to take it.
I want to take more photos.
I want to take my glasses off.
I want to take my shahada in the mosque.
I want to take my shahada.
I want to take notes.
I want to take part in the bacchanalia too!
I want to take part in the ceremony.
I want to take part in the next triathlon.
I want to take part, too.
I want to take part.
I want to take pictures.
I want to take revenge for everything Daesh has done to us.
I want to take revenge.
I want to take some medicine.
I want to take the shahada.
I want to take the test now.
I want to take them home.
I want to take them with me.
I want to take things one step at a time without getting flustered. I want to live in the moment.
I want to take this with me.
I want to take you back to the hospital.
I want to take you by the hand.
I want to take you home.
I want to take you out to dinner tonight.
I want to take you to Algiers to meet my family.
I want to take you to dinner.
I want to take you to lunch.
I want to take you with me.
I want to take your picture.
I want to take your temperature.
I want to talk about Tom.
I want to talk about girls.
I want to talk about her.
I want to talk about him.
I want to talk about it now.
I want to talk about my loved one.
I want to talk about myself.
I want to talk about school.
I want to talk about something else.
I want to talk about something with your mother.
I want to talk about the future.
I want to talk about the good old days.
I want to talk about the project.
I want to talk about them.
I want to talk about us.
I want to talk about what happened.
I want to talk about what needs to be done.
I want to talk frankly with Tom.
I want to talk frankly with him.
I want to talk in Lojban.
I want to talk in Santhali language
I want to talk in the Santali language.
I want to talk more about Berber.
I want to talk now.
I want to talk privately with Tom.
I want to talk seriously with you.
I want to talk to Tom about Mary.
I want to talk to Tom about the problem.
I want to talk to Tom after school.
I want to talk to Tom again.
I want to talk to Tom alone.
I want to talk to Tom and I mean now!
I want to talk to Tom before I make up my mind.
I want to talk to Tom first.
I want to talk to Tom in private.
I want to talk to Tom now.
I want to talk to Tom privately.
I want to talk to Tom right now.
I want to talk to Tom soon.
I want to talk to Tom's French teacher.
I want to talk to Tom, not you.
I want to talk to Tom.
I want to talk to all of them.
I want to talk to all of you.
I want to talk to an avocado.
I want to talk to as many people as possible.
I want to talk to both of you.
I want to talk to her about my future.
I want to talk to her alone.
I want to talk to her first.
I want to talk to her now.
I want to talk to her.
I want to talk to him about it.
I want to talk to him about my future.
I want to talk to him alone.
I want to talk to him first.
I want to talk to him now.
I want to talk to him.
I want to talk to my lawyer straight away.
I want to talk to my lawyer.
I want to talk to my sister.
I want to talk to somebody other than Tom.
I want to talk to somebody who can tell me what I should do.
I want to talk to somebody who can tell me what happened.
I want to talk to somebody.
I want to talk to someone.
I want to talk to the both of you.
I want to talk to the doctor.
I want to talk to the famous pianist before his concert.
I want to talk to the manager.
I want to talk to the person who owns this house.
I want to talk to the police first.
I want to talk to the police.
I want to talk to the press.
I want to talk to them alone.
I want to talk to them before they leave.
I want to talk to them first.
I want to talk to them now.
I want to talk to you about Tom.
I want to talk to you about him.
I want to talk to you about it.
I want to talk to you about last night.
I want to talk to you about my problems.
I want to talk to you about something else.
I want to talk to you about something.
I want to talk to you about the Quran.
I want to talk to you about the other night.
I want to talk to you about this list.
I want to talk to you about this report.
I want to talk to you about this.
I want to talk to you about tomorrow.
I want to talk to you about what happened in Australia last month.
I want to talk to you about what happened in Boston last week.
I want to talk to you about what happened.
I want to talk to you about what needs to be done.
I want to talk to you after class.
I want to talk to you again.
I want to talk to you alone.
I want to talk to you before you go home.
I want to talk to you before you leave.
I want to talk to you first.
I want to talk to you for a minute about Tom.
I want to talk to you for a second.
I want to talk to you in private.
I want to talk to you later about that.
I want to talk to you man to man.
I want to talk to you now.
I want to talk to you outside.
I want to talk to you privately.
I want to talk to you, Tom.
I want to talk to you.
I want to talk to your aunt.
I want to talk to your boss.
I want to talk to your brother.
I want to talk to your father.
I want to talk to your manager.
I want to talk to your mother.
I want to talk to your superior.
I want to talk to your supervising officer.
I want to talk to your supervisor.
I want to talk to your uncle.
I want to talk with Tom alone.
I want to talk with Tom, not with you.
I want to talk with Tom.
I want to talk with her about my future.
I want to talk with her alone.
I want to talk with him alone.
I want to talk with him.
I want to talk with my husband's family in their language.
I want to talk with my lawyer.
I want to talk with my wife's family in their language.
I want to talk with someone other than Tom.
I want to talk with the manager about the schedule.
I want to talk with them alone.
I want to talk with you about Tom.
I want to talk with you alone.
I want to talk with you first.
I want to talk with you for a few seconds.
I want to talk with you in private.
I want to talk with you now.
I want to talk with you when you are dressed.
I want to talk with you when you're dressed.
I want to talk with you.
I want to talk with your uncle.
I want to talk.
I want to taste something else.
I want to teach Berber to adults.
I want to teach Berber to children.
I want to teach Berber to my children.
I want to teach Berber to my kids.
I want to teach Berber.
I want to teach French.
I want to teach Tom how to do that.
I want to teach history when I grow up.
I want to teach many languages, but I can't speak any of them right.
I want to teach myself Berber.
I want to teach others more about furries, but first I need to learn more about them myself.
I want to teach these people Berber.
I want to teach today.
I want to teach you Berber.
I want to teach you a new Berber word.
I want to teach you about Islam.
I want to teach you how to do that.
I want to teach you something.
I want to tell Mary I love her.
I want to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I want to tell Tom I love him.
I want to tell Tom about the book.
I want to tell Tom about what happened.
I want to tell Tom and Mary that they shouldn't do that.
I want to tell Tom everything.
I want to tell Tom good night.
I want to tell Tom that I love him.
I want to tell Tom that he shouldn't do that.
I want to tell Tom the truth.
I want to tell Tom what happened.
I want to tell Tom.
I want to tell as many people as I can about what happened.
I want to tell everyone.
I want to tell her I love her.
I want to tell her good night.
I want to tell her the truth.
I want to tell her.
I want to tell him I love him.
I want to tell him good night.
I want to tell him the truth.
I want to tell him.
I want to tell my kids this joke.
I want to tell the truth if you can take it.
I want to tell the truth.
I want to tell them I love them.
I want to tell them good night.
I want to tell them.
I want to tell you I'm sorry.
I want to tell you a little story.
I want to tell you a story.
I want to tell you a strange thing.
I want to tell you about Tom.
I want to tell you about her.
I want to tell you about him.
I want to tell you about my problems.
I want to tell you about them.
I want to tell you about what happened.
I want to tell you all about my new life.
I want to tell you everything.
I want to tell you how much I admire your work.
I want to tell you one thing more.
I want to tell you something about your mother.
I want to tell you something important.
I want to tell you something strange.
I want to tell you something, but it's a secret. Promise not to tell anyone.
I want to tell you something, but it's a secret. Promise not to tell.
I want to tell you something.
I want to tell you that I often think about you.
I want to tell you that I won't be here tomorrow.
I want to tell you that I've had enough.
I want to tell you that dinner is served.
I want to tell you the story.
I want to tell you the truth.
I want to tell you what happened.
I want to tell you who did this.
I want to tell you why.
I want to tell you.
I want to terminate my lease.
I want to test my limits.
I want to test my personal limits.
I want to testify against Tom.
I want to testify.
I want to text, but my eyes hurt.
I want to thank Tom for inviting me to give this speech.
I want to thank Tom for paying my bills.
I want to thank Tom for singing the song I requested.
I want to thank Tom.
I want to thank all of you for coming here today.
I want to thank all of you who worked so hard to make this event happen.
I want to thank everybody here.
I want to thank everyone for helping me out today.
I want to thank everyone for helping me today.
I want to thank everyone for their prayers.
I want to thank everyone for their support.
I want to thank everyone for what you've done.
I want to thank everyone on the search team who helped find Tom.
I want to thank everyone who has supported me through this journey.
I want to thank everyone who helped me do this.
I want to thank everyone who helped me.
I want to thank everyone.
I want to thank her.
I want to thank him in Berber.
I want to thank him.
I want to thank my Berber teacher for giving me this dictionary.
I want to thank my best friend.
I want to thank my friends and family for supporting me.
I want to thank my host family.
I want to thank my mom and dad for always helping me.
I want to thank my partner in this journey, a man who campaigned from his heart, and spoke for the men and women he grew up with on the streets of Scranton, and rode with on the train home to Delaware, the vice president-elect of the United States, Joe Biden.
I want to thank the few people in my life who listen without judging, speak without prejudices, help without unnecessary words, understand without complaining, and love me unconditionally.
I want to thank the lifeguard that saved me.
I want to thank the lifeguard who saved me.
I want to thank the lifeguards who saved me.
I want to thank them for all they're doing.
I want to thank them for everything they're doing.
I want to thank them for giving early notice.
I want to thank them.
I want to thank those who helped me.
I want to thank you again for believing me.
I want to thank you again.
I want to thank you all for a job well done.
I want to thank you all for this opportunity.
I want to thank you all for your help.
I want to thank you for all you've done.
I want to thank you for all your help.
I want to thank you for answering all my questions.
I want to thank you for coming here today.
I want to thank you for coming here.
I want to thank you for everything that you've done.
I want to thank you for everything you've done for me.
I want to thank you for everything you've done for us.
I want to thank you for everything you've done.
I want to thank you for helping me.
I want to thank you for helping us get that done.
I want to thank you for helping us win.
I want to thank you for picking Tom up after school.
I want to thank you for taking care of Tom.
I want to thank you for that.
I want to thank you for what you did for Tom.
I want to thank you for what you did for us last week.
I want to thank you for what you did today.
I want to thank you for what you wrote.
I want to thank you for what you've done for Tom.
I want to thank you for what you've done for me.
I want to thank you for what you've done for us.
I want to thank you for what you've done.
I want to thank you for your time.
I want to thank you in advance for evaluating this article.
I want to thank you in advance.
I want to thank you, Tom.
I want to thank you.
I want to think about it a little more.
I want to think about it.
I want to think for myself.
I want to think it over.
I want to think that parents are more important than their children.
I want to throw a party.
I want to throw all these things away.
I want to throw all this stuff away.
I want to throw parties.
I want to tile my kitchen floor.
I want to trade.
I want to translate the book. Do you want to help me for this job?
I want to translate this sentence into Vietnamese.
I want to translate this sentence, but I don't know what this word means. Can you explain it to me?
I want to translate your works into Turkish.
I want to travel a lot when I grow up.
I want to travel abroad.
I want to travel all over the world.
I want to travel alone.
I want to travel and see the world.
I want to travel around Australia by car.
I want to travel around Australia.
I want to travel around Europe.
I want to travel around the world.
I want to travel by airplane.
I want to travel in a car across the U.S.
I want to travel overseas next year.
I want to travel this summer, but I don't know where to go.
I want to travel this summer, but I don’t know where to go.
I want to travel throughout Latin America.
I want to travel to Australia.
I want to travel to Copacabana.
I want to travel to Kabylie.
I want to travel to Taiwan someday.
I want to travel to some countries when I'm older and America is definitely on the list.
I want to travel to the moon.
I want to travel with her.
I want to travel with you.
I want to travel.
I want to trust you.
I want to try again.
I want to try and get a fish bone stuck in my throat.
I want to try authentic Arabic coffee.
I want to try bungee jumping.
I want to try doing something different.
I want to try doing that again.
I want to try doing that.
I want to try eating fugu sometime.
I want to try eating horse meat.
I want to try horseback riding.
I want to try it.
I want to try it. It looks fun.
I want to try my best for as long as I am physically able to.
I want to try on this blue dress.
I want to try on this piece of clothing. Where is the dressing room?
I want to try riding a horse.
I want to try snowboarding.
I want to try some different ideas.
I want to try something different.
I want to try something else.
I want to try something new.
I want to try that new restaurant on Park Street.
I want to try that on.
I want to try this food.
I want to try this on.
I want to try this.
I want to try to be as aggressive as possible.
I want to try to be fair.
I want to try to do that again tomorrow.
I want to try to do that again.
I want to try to do that.
I want to try to enjoy this.
I want to try to get back on my feet.
I want to try to help you.
I want to try to learn three languages at the same time.
I want to try to manage on my own.
I want to try to work things out with Tom.
I want to try.
I want to turn into a superhero.
I want to turn over a new leaf.
I want to undergo this change for my own well-being.
I want to understand Tom.
I want to understand humans.
I want to understand if my feelings for you are unchanged.
I want to understand it.
I want to understand life.
I want to understand myself on a deeper level.
I want to understand people.
I want to understand the geopolitics of Algeria.
I want to understand the meaning of life.
I want to understand which reasoning is taking place in their head.
I want to understand why this happened.
I want to understand.
I want to unlock your secrets.
I want to upload a video to YouTube.
I want to use it for something else.
I want to use my hands to choke you.
I want to use the phone, but I haven't got any change at the moment.
I want to use the washroom.
I want to use them for something else.
I want to use these.
I want to use this.
I want to usurp the throne.
I want to visit Algiers.
I want to visit Asia someday.
I want to visit Australia again.
I want to visit Australia in the spring.
I want to visit Australia one day.
I want to visit Australia someday.
I want to visit Australia sometime.
I want to visit Australia, too.
I want to visit Australia.
I want to visit Boston again.
I want to visit Boston in the spring.
I want to visit Boston someday.
I want to visit Boston sometime.
I want to visit Boston, too.
I want to visit Boston.
I want to visit Cuba before Castro dies.
I want to visit Egypt some day.
I want to visit Egypt someday.
I want to visit Estonia.
I want to visit Europe's historical castles.
I want to visit Fiji.
I want to visit Kabylie this summer.
I want to visit Korea.
I want to visit Luxembourg.
I want to visit New York.
I want to visit South Korea.
I want to visit Tom in Australia.
I want to visit Tom in Boston.
I want to visit Tom this week.
I want to visit Tom tomorrow.
I want to visit Tom when I'm in Australia.
I want to visit Tom when I'm in Boston.
I want to visit Tom.
I want to visit a Native American reservation.
I want to visit a close friend.
I want to visit a medieval village.
I want to visit all the ex-French colonies.
I want to visit either Boston or Chicago.
I want to visit every country in the world.
I want to visit every wilaya in Algeria.
I want to visit many places but I don't have money.
I want to visit my aunt this week.
I want to visit my folks for a week or so.
I want to visit my friend next week.
I want to visit that place someday.
I want to visit the Amazon forest just to see Native Americans.
I want to visit the Himalayas.
I want to visit the Philippines.
I want to visit the city again.
I want to visit the ruins of Athens.
I want to visit the ruins of Machu Picchu.
I want to visit the village.
I want to visit you in Australia.
I want to visit you in France.
I want to visit you.
I want to vomit.
I want to vote.
I want to wait and see what Tom proposes.
I want to wait and see what they propose.
I want to wait another week.
I want to wait for Tom.
I want to wait for her.
I want to wait for him.
I want to wait for the right moment.
I want to wait for them.
I want to wait until I'm married.
I want to wait until Tom and Mary get here.
I want to wait until Tom asks me to do that before I do it.
I want to wait until Tom gets here.
I want to wait until college.
I want to wait.
I want to wake Tom up.
I want to wake up early tomorrow morning.
I want to wake up every single day next to you.
I want to wake up with you.
I want to walk a little bit slower.
I want to walk a little slower.
I want to walk home.
I want to walk in the rain.
I want to walk with you.
I want to walk you home.
I want to walk.
I want to wander from one place to the next without knowing where my home is.
I want to want it.
I want to want what you want.
I want to want.
I want to ward off bad luck.
I want to warm myself.
I want to warn Tom.
I want to warn her.
I want to warn him.
I want to warn them.
I want to warn you.
I want to wash my car.
I want to wash my feet.
I want to wash my hair.
I want to wash my hands.
I want to wash myself.
I want to wash up a little.
I want to wash up first.
I want to watch Greek films.
I want to watch Greek movies.
I want to watch TV.
I want to watch a documentary.
I want to watch a movie about the multiverse that has Tom from Tatoeba as the main character.
I want to watch a movie on the internet.
I want to watch either a comedy or an action movie.
I want to watch for a minute.
I want to watch her suffer.
I want to watch him suffer.
I want to watch television.
I want to watch that film again.
I want to watch that movie again.
I want to watch the concert of Kylie Minogue.
I want to watch the fight.
I want to watch the film.
I want to watch the video.
I want to watch this film!
I want to watch this film.
I want to watch this movie.
I want to watch this.
I want to watch what's on TV right now.
I want to watch you dance.
I want to watch you die.
I want to watch you drown.
I want to watch you suffer.
I want to watch.
I want to water ski.
I want to wean the kids.
I want to wear a turtleneck in this weather.
I want to wear jeans.
I want to wear nail polish like you.
I want to wear the same kind of clothes Tom wears.
I want to wear the same kind of clothes that Tom and Mary wear.
I want to wear the same kind of clothes that Tom wears.
I want to welcome all of you.
I want to whisper sweet nothings in your ear.
I want to win a lot.
I want to win big.
I want to win for once.
I want to win in life.
I want to win it all.
I want to win the lottery!
I want to win the most.
I want to win this fight with a knockout.
I want to win this game.
I want to win this time.
I want to win!
I want to win.
I want to wish you the best.
I want to work a bit more.
I want to work a lot less.
I want to work again.
I want to work and get ahead on my own efforts.
I want to work as a translator.
I want to work as a volunteer to make amends for everything I've done.
I want to work at a hospital.
I want to work at my own pace.
I want to work at the same hospital where you work.
I want to work at your company.
I want to work for Tom.
I want to work from the taxpayers' point of view.
I want to work from the taxpayers’ point of view.
I want to work harder on my English so that I can make conversation on the same level as everyone else.
I want to work here.
I want to work in Australia.
I want to work in Boston.
I want to work in a company.
I want to work in a factory.
I want to work in a hospital.
I want to work in the entertainment industry as well.
I want to work in the medical field.
I want to work less.
I want to work on Turkish.
I want to work on my English.
I want to work outside.
I want to work there.
I want to work to live, not live to work.
I want to work with Tom.
I want to work with you.
I want to work with your company.
I want to work.
I want to workout.
I want to write a book about the spiders in my region.
I want to write a book about the spiders of my region.
I want to write a book.
I want to write a letter to Santa. But can Santa read Japanese?
I want to write a letter.
I want to write a letter. I have an envelope, but I don't have any stamps.
I want to write a lot more songs.
I want to write a lot of sentences.
I want to write a novel.
I want to write a poem, but it is out of my mind for now.
I want to write a poem.
I want to write all of this down.
I want to write an article.
I want to write in my diary today.
I want to write many sentences.
I want to write my autobiography in Berber.
I want to write my autobiography.
I want to write my girlfriend a love letter in French.
I want to write some spoken words.
I want to write this down.
I want to write to Tom.
I want to, but I can't.
I want to, but I don't have the time.
I want to, so I can!
I want toast.
I want tomorrow to be fine.
I want toys.
I want trousers.
I want tuna.
I want two cats.
I want two hot dogs with lots of pepper.
I want two kitties.
I want two pounds of jelly.
I want two sugars in my coffee.
I want two.
I want updates.
I want us all under one roof again.
I want us not to get caught.
I want us to always be in each other's lives.
I want us to always keep our love bond stronger than before.
I want us to always keep our love bonds strong.
I want us to always stand by one another.
I want us to always stand side-by-side by one another.
I want us to always stay together and never part ways.
I want us to be a family.
I want us to be friends again.
I want us to be friends.
I want us to be more than friends.
I want us to be ready.
I want us to be together again.
I want us to be together.
I want us to do it together.
I want us to get back together again.
I want us to get back together.
I want us to have a family and children.
I want us to keep healthy love bonds between us.
I want us to keep in touch.
I want us to make it happen.
I want us to move forward, but I don’t know how.
I want us to move to Algiers.
I want us to never go our own separate ways.
I want us to never part ways.
I want us to never set our ways apart.
I want us to start over again.
I want us to stay in an expensive hotel.
I want us to stay together.
I want us to talk like adults.
I want us to tell the truth to each other.
I want us to win.
I want us united in love forever.
I want vengeance.
I want very much for you to understand.
I want very much to see you.
I want vodka with tonic water.
I want vodka.
I want warm water.
I want water.
I want what Tom has.
I want what is on the table.
I want what you owe me and I want it now.
I want what you owe me today.
I want what you owe me.
I want what you promised.
I want what you want.
I want what's best for Tom.
I want what's best for both of us.
I want what's best for her.
I want what's best for him.
I want what's best for them.
I want what's best for you.
I want what's due to me.
I want what's mine.
I want what's on the table.
I want whisky.
I want white pants.
I want wine.
I want with you to conquer the world but I feel we can't go too far.
I want work.
I want you all in the back of the bus.
I want you all in the back.
I want you all out of here.
I want you all to accompany me to church.
I want you all to be on your best behavior.
I want you all to be very careful.
I want you all to know I don't understand French very well.
I want you all to know I'll never change.
I want you all to know that I don't understand French very well.
I want you all to know that I'll never change.
I want you all to meet your new substitute teacher.
I want you all to myself.
I want you all to stay with me.
I want you always by my side.
I want you and Tom to do that together.
I want you and Tom working together on this.
I want you and me to be happy.
I want you and me to be safe from any unpleasant surprises.
I want you and that's it.
I want you arrested.
I want you as my husband.
I want you back at the office.
I want you back by my side, Mary.
I want you back here.
I want you back in Australia.
I want you back in Boston.
I want you back in one piece.
I want you back today.
I want you back.
I want you behind bars.
I want you both to get them.
I want you both to go to Australia with me.
I want you both to stop fighting.
I want you brought to justice.
I want you by my side.
I want you do to that.
I want you fired.
I want you focus on the here and now.
I want you for my wife.
I want you gone by noon.
I want you gone by sunrise.
I want you gone.
I want you guys to come alone.
I want you guys to do me a favor.
I want you guys to meet Tom.
I want you guys to meet her.
I want you guys to meet him.
I want you guys to meet them.
I want you guys to wait for me.
I want you here as soon as you can get here.
I want you here by my side.
I want you here now.
I want you here pronto.
I want you here right away.
I want you here tomorrow by 2:30.
I want you here.
I want you home by midnight.
I want you home in time for dinner.
I want you home now.
I want you in my office in one hour.
I want you in my office.
I want you in the conference room.
I want you in the garage right now.
I want you in the principal's office right now.
I want you inside me.
I want you more than I've ever wanted anyone else.
I want you more than I've ever wanted anything else.
I want you more than I've ever wanted anything in my life.
I want you near me.
I want you not to do that here.
I want you off this ship.
I want you on my team.
I want you only when you're not there.
I want you only when you’re not there.
I want you out here.
I want you out of here by tomorrow.
I want you out of here now.
I want you out of here right now.
I want you out of here.
I want you out of my house.
I want you out of my kitchen.
I want you out of my life.
I want you out of my office.
I want you out of my room.
I want you out of my shopping mall.
I want you out of our apartment by morning.
I want you out of the office by the time I get back.
I want you out of this restaurant.
I want you put in prison.
I want you so badly.
I want you so much.
I want you there with Tom when he wakes up.
I want you there, too.
I want you to accompany her.
I want you to accompany me to church.
I want you to admit maybe you like Tom a little.
I want you to admit that maybe you like Tom a little.
I want you to admit that you were wrong.
I want you to admit you were wrong.
I want you to always keep our love memories tucked into a part of your heart.
I want you to always keep our memories together stored in your mind.
I want you to always remember how our family started and how far we've come since our first day as a united family and how we never let go of our family bonds.
I want you to always remember how precious our love story is.
I want you to always remember our love memories.
I want you to analyze this.
I want you to answer me.
I want you to answer this very honestly.
I want you to apologize to Tom.
I want you to apologize to her.
I want you to apologize to me.
I want you to apologize.
I want you to arrange a meeting.
I want you to babysit my children.
I want you to babysit my kids.
I want you to be a bridesmaid.
I want you to be a good boy.
I want you to be a good person.
I want you to be able to enjoy yourself.
I want you to be able to protect yourself.
I want you to be acquainted with my cousin.
I want you to be an Einstein.
I want you to be back home by Monday.
I want you to be better.
I want you to be by my side.
I want you to be calm.
I want you to be comfortable.
I want you to be happy.
I want you to be here by 2:30.
I want you to be here when I get back.
I want you to be here.
I want you to be honest with me.
I want you to be honest.
I want you to be human.
I want you to be in bed in five minutes.
I want you to be jealous of me.
I want you to be loved.
I want you to be mine forever.
I want you to be more polite.
I want you to be my boyfriend.
I want you to be my coach.
I want you to be my double.
I want you to be my friend again.
I want you to be my friend.
I want you to be my girlfriend.
I want you to be my husband.
I want you to be my maid of honor.
I want you to be my manager.
I want you to be my partner.
I want you to be my wife.
I want you to be nice to Tom this time.
I want you to be nice to Tom.
I want you to be nice to her.
I want you to be nice to him.
I want you to be nice to me.
I want you to be nice to them.
I want you to be nice to us.
I want you to be nicer to Tom.
I want you to be prepared.
I want you to be proud of me.
I want you to be quiet now.
I want you to be quiet.
I want you to be ready for this.
I want you to be ready when Tom and Mary get here.
I want you to be ready when Tom gets here.
I want you to be real nice to Tom.
I want you to be safe.
I want you to be silent for one minute.
I want you to be the next Soseki.
I want you to be there for me.
I want you to be there tonight.
I want you to be with me.
I want you to beat in his pasty, white face.
I want you to become my wife.
I want you to beg for mercy.
I want you to behave well during dinner time.
I want you to behave yourself while I'm gone.
I want you to behave yourself.
I want you to behave yourselves.
I want you to behave.
I want you to believe me.
I want you to breathe deeply.
I want you to bring Tom a letter.
I want you to bring Tom.
I want you to bring her.
I want you to bring him.
I want you to bring it back to me.
I want you to bring it to me.
I want you to bring them.
I want you to burn all of her pictures.
I want you to burn some stuff for me.
I want you to burn something for me.
I want you to buy a new suit to wear to your job interview.
I want you to buy me a ticket, too.
I want you to call Tom now.
I want you to call Tom.
I want you to call every day.
I want you to call her now.
I want you to call her.
I want you to call him now.
I want you to call him.
I want you to call home now.
I want you to call home right now.
I want you to call home, now.
I want you to call it off.
I want you to call me ASAP.
I want you to call me Tom.
I want you to call me as soon as possible.
I want you to call me as soon as you get there.
I want you to call me back as soon as possible.
I want you to call me back as soon as you can.
I want you to call me right away.
I want you to call me.
I want you to call off the fight.
I want you to call off this attack.
I want you to call the police.
I want you to call them now.
I want you to call them.
I want you to change.
I want you to check it out.
I want you to clean this room.
I want you to clean your room.
I want you to close your eyes and visualize it.
I want you to close your eyes.
I want you to come alone.
I want you to come and get me.
I want you to come and live with me.
I want you to come at nine o'clock.
I want you to come at nine.
I want you to come at once.
I want you to come back early.
I want you to come back to Australia.
I want you to come back to Boston.
I want you to come back to Kabylie with me.
I want you to come back to see me tomorrow.
I want you to come back with me.
I want you to come back.
I want you to come early.
I want you to come every night.
I want you to come here right away.
I want you to come here.
I want you to come home now.
I want you to come home right after school.
I want you to come home with me.
I want you to come home.
I want you to come over tonight.
I want you to come over.
I want you to come right over.
I want you to come somewhere with me.
I want you to come straight home after school.
I want you to come to Australia with me.
I want you to come to Australia.
I want you to come to Boston and help me set up a new business.
I want you to come to Boston with me.
I want you to come to Boston.
I want you to come to me tomorrow.
I want you to come to my birthday party.
I want you to come to my party.
I want you to come to my wedding.
I want you to come up with a better plan.
I want you to come visit us in Australia next summer.
I want you to come visit us in Boston next summer.
I want you to come with me to Australia.
I want you to come with me to Boston.
I want you to come with me to see Tom.
I want you to come with me tomorrow.
I want you to come with me.
I want you to come with us tonight.
I want you to come with us.
I want you to come work for me.
I want you to come work here at our company.
I want you to come.
I want you to comment.
I want you to commit seppuku.
I want you to consider the possibility Tom is right.
I want you to consider the possibility that Tom is right.
I want you to consider this proposal.
I want you to consider this.
I want you to continue doing what you're doing.
I want you to convince Tom to help us.
I want you to cook dinner for me.
I want you to cook dinner for us.
I want you to cook dinner tonight.
I want you to cook something different tonight.
I want you to cut down those three trees.
I want you to dance with me.
I want you to dance.
I want you to decide.
I want you to deliver a message to Tom.
I want you to deliver this message to Tom.
I want you to deliver this packet immediately.
I want you to destroy all this.
I want you to develop good study habits by completing your homework regularly.
I want you to die.
I want you to dig a hole.
I want you to do a clean job.
I want you to do it alone.
I want you to do it at once.
I want you to do it for me.
I want you to do it now.
I want you to do it.
I want you to do me a favor.
I want you to do me one last favor.
I want you to do nothing.
I want you to do so.
I want you to do some research.
I want you to do something about it right away.
I want you to do something for me.
I want you to do that again.
I want you to do that as soon as possible.
I want you to do that at once.
I want you to do that before you go home.
I want you to do that by yourself.
I want you to do that by yourselves.
I want you to do that for Tom.
I want you to do that for me.
I want you to do that immediately.
I want you to do that in October.
I want you to do that now.
I want you to do that on Monday.
I want you to do that right away.
I want you to do that right now.
I want you to do that so I don't have to.
I want you to do that today.
I want you to do that tomorrow.
I want you to do that with Tom.
I want you to do that with me.
I want you to do that.
I want you to do the shopping today.
I want you to do this right.
I want you to do this work.
I want you to do this.
I want you to do what you can't do at your house.
I want you to do what you have to do.
I want you to do whatever you think is right.
I want you to do your homework within an hour.
I want you to draw five concentric circles now.
I want you to drive me to school.
I want you to drive to Boston.
I want you to drive.
I want you to drop it.
I want you to dry my tears.
I want you to eat something.
I want you to eat.
I want you to enjoy yourself.
I want you to enjoy yourselves.
I want you to explain all this to me.
I want you to explain everything that is happening to me.
I want you to explain everything to him yourself.
I want you to explain it to me in more detail.
I want you to explain to me what you really mean by that.
I want you to explain to me why.
I want you to feel comfortable using your safeword if you need to.
I want you to figure that out.
I want you to find Tom for me.
I want you to find Tom.
I want you to find her for me.
I want you to find her.
I want you to find him for me.
I want you to find him.
I want you to find out about Tom.
I want you to find out about that.
I want you to find out if Mary is planning on coming here by herself.
I want you to find out if Mary is planning to come here by herself.
I want you to find out if Tom and Mary are planning on coming here by themselves.
I want you to find out if Tom and Mary are planning to be here by themselves.
I want you to find out if Tom and Mary are planning to come here by themselves.
I want you to find out if Tom is planning on coming here by himself.
I want you to find out if Tom is planning to come here by himself.
I want you to find out what time the meeting is going to start.
I want you to find out why Tom and Mary weren't here today.
I want you to find out why Tom wasn't here today.
I want you to find out.
I want you to find them for me.
I want you to find them.
I want you to find us a coach.
I want you to find what Tom took from me.
I want you to finish your homework before you start playing games.
I want you to fire Mary.
I want you to fire Tom.
I want you to fix this for me.
I want you to fly to Boston tomorrow.
I want you to focus on a beautiful future for you.
I want you to focus on your homework and finish it tonight.
I want you to follow Tom.
I want you to follow closely.
I want you to follow her.
I want you to follow him.
I want you to follow me.
I want you to follow orders.
I want you to follow them.
I want you to forget about all this.
I want you to forget everything you saw today.
I want you to fuck me even if it hurts.
I want you to get a good night's rest.
I want you to get better.
I want you to get here as soon as possible.
I want you to get here early.
I want you to get in the car.
I want you to get in your car.
I want you to get me a knife.
I want you to get me a soda.
I want you to get me out of here.
I want you to get off my back.
I want you to get out of town for a while.
I want you to get out of town.
I want you to get rid of all this.
I want you to get rid of everything in this room.
I want you to get rid of it.
I want you to get some rest.
I want you to get started right away.
I want you to get the help that you need.
I want you to get things done right on time and I'll watch over you to make sure you complete it and deliver your workload right on time.
I want you to get this lesbian thing out of your system.
I want you to get to know Tom better.
I want you to get well.
I want you to get your own place.
I want you to give Tom a message.
I want you to give Tom another chance.
I want you to give Tom his job back.
I want you to give Tom something for me.
I want you to give a message to Tom.
I want you to give each other a hug.
I want you to give me a job.
I want you to give me a loan.
I want you to give me money to buy something to eat.
I want you to give me some advice on buying stocks.
I want you to give me some advice.
I want you to give me some space.
I want you to give me you old bicycle.
I want you to give this package to Tom.
I want you to give up this stupid plan.
I want you to go and see if it's still there.
I want you to go away.
I want you to go back over to other side.
I want you to go back to Australia tomorrow.
I want you to go back to Australia.
I want you to go back to Boston tomorrow.
I want you to go back to Boston.
I want you to go back.
I want you to go easy on Tom.
I want you to go easy on her.
I want you to go easy on him.
I want you to go easy on them.
I want you to go for me to my friend the Serpent King, in his beautiful country at the world's end. Twelve years ago he built a castle on some land of mine. I want you to ask for the rent for those twelve years and also to find out from him what has become of my twelve ships which sailed for his country three years ago.
I want you to go have fun.
I want you to go home and get some rest.
I want you to go home.
I want you to go outside.
I want you to go see a doctor.
I want you to go see the nurse.
I want you to go shopping with me this afternoon.
I want you to go somewhere.
I want you to go swimming with me.
I want you to go there with Tom.
I want you to go there with me.
I want you to go there.
I want you to go to Australia right away.
I want you to go to Australia with Tom.
I want you to go to Australia with me.
I want you to go to Australia.
I want you to go to Boston at once.
I want you to go to Boston right away.
I want you to go to Boston with Tom next week.
I want you to go to Boston with Tom.
I want you to go to Boston with me next weekend.
I want you to go to Boston with me.
I want you to go to Boston with us.
I want you to go to Boston.
I want you to go to Osaka at once.
I want you to go to Osaka right away.
I want you to go to church with me.
I want you to go to church.
I want you to go to medical school.
I want you to go to sleep.
I want you to go to the dance with me.
I want you to go to the doctor.
I want you to go to the post office.
I want you to go to your room and lock the door.
I want you to go to your room and pack your things.
I want you to go to your room and shut the door.
I want you to go to your rooms and lock the doors.
I want you to go upstairs immediately.
I want you to go upstairs.
I want you to go with Tom.
I want you to go with her.
I want you to go with him.
I want you to go with me.
I want you to go with them.
I want you to go with us.
I want you to go.
I want you to go. I want a divorce.
I want you to grow up.
I want you to guess.
I want you to handle it.
I want you to handle this.
I want you to have a clear mindset before before rushing into the thick of it.
I want you to have a copy of this.
I want you to have a definite plan before you leave.
I want you to have a job that you love.
I want you to have fun.
I want you to have it.
I want you to have lunch with me today.
I want you to have me.
I want you to have more relaxation in your life.
I want you to have my land after I die.
I want you to have opportunities that I never had.
I want you to have something.
I want you to have this bracelet.
I want you to have this dress.
I want you to have this necklace.
I want you to have this picture.
I want you to have this ring.
I want you to have this room clean and tidy.
I want you to have this scarf.
I want you to have this watch.
I want you to have this.
I want you to hear this.
I want you to help Tom in any way you can.
I want you to help Tom with his homework.
I want you to help Tom.
I want you to help her.
I want you to help him.
I want you to help me choose a book.
I want you to help me clean it up.
I want you to help me die.
I want you to help me do my homework.
I want you to help me do that this afternoon.
I want you to help me do that tomorrow.
I want you to help me do that.
I want you to help me find out who stole my car.
I want you to help me get out of here.
I want you to help me paint the fence.
I want you to help me this afternoon.
I want you to help me today.
I want you to help me tomorrow afternoon.
I want you to help me tomorrow.
I want you to help me wash the windows.
I want you to help me with my homework.
I want you to help me with this paper.
I want you to help me with this.
I want you to help me.
I want you to help my parents.
I want you to help them.
I want you to help us find out who killed Tom.
I want you to help us this afternoon.
I want you to help us.
I want you to help your parents.
I want you to help.
I want you to hold Tom's hand.
I want you to hold this while I open the door.
I want you to hug Tom.
I want you to hug me.
I want you to hustle.
I want you to ignore the pain.
I want you to imagine.
I want you to improve your attitude at work.
I want you to join my team.
I want you to join us.
I want you to keep an eye on Tom for me.
I want you to keep an eye on Tom.
I want you to keep an eye on things.
I want you to keep away from her.
I want you to keep behaving well.
I want you to keep me informed.
I want you to keep our memories always close to your heart.
I want you to keep our memories always stored somewhere special in your heart.
I want you to keep silent and just keep quiet during dinner time.
I want you to keep these four things in mind.
I want you to keep things exciting in this party so that our guests don't get bored.
I want you to keep up the good behaviour.
I want you to keep up with me.
I want you to keep your eyes open.
I want you to keep your job.
I want you to keep your promise.
I want you to kiss me.
I want you to kiss my feet in front of everyone.
I want you to know I appreciate all you've done for me.
I want you to know I appreciate all you've done for us.
I want you to know I appreciate your help.
I want you to know I appreciate your recommending me.
I want you to know I believe you.
I want you to know I can't be there tomorrow.
I want you to know I did that.
I want you to know I didn't do that.
I want you to know I don't like doing things like that.
I want you to know I love you.
I want you to know I meant every word I said.
I want you to know I plan to be there.
I want you to know I really didn't want to do that.
I want you to know I tried to stop Tom.
I want you to know I was the one who did that.
I want you to know I won't be there tomorrow afternoon.
I want you to know I won't be there.
I want you to know I won't do that.
I want you to know I'll always love you.
I want you to know I'll be here as long as you need me.
I want you to know I'll do that for you.
I want you to know I'll never do that again.
I want you to know I'll never do that.
I want you to know I'll work very hard.
I want you to know I'm here if you need me.
I want you to know I'm willing to help if you need me.
I want you to know I'm willing to help you do that if you want me to.
I want you to know Tom did a great job.
I want you to know Tom is doing OK.
I want you to know Tom was right.
I want you to know all this.
I want you to know every little detail of my past life.
I want you to know how sorry I am.
I want you to know it about Tom.
I want you to know something.
I want you to know that I always think about you.
I want you to know that I appreciate all you've done for me.
I want you to know that I appreciate all you've done for us.
I want you to know that I appreciate your help.
I want you to know that I appreciate your recommending me.
I want you to know that I believe you.
I want you to know that I can't be there tomorrow.
I want you to know that I can't do that.
I want you to know that I did that.
I want you to know that I didn't do that.
I want you to know that I don't like doing things like that.
I want you to know that I love you.
I want you to know that I meant every word I said.
I want you to know that I plan to be there.
I want you to know that I really didn't want to do that.
I want you to know that I really love you.
I want you to know that I tried to stop Tom.
I want you to know that I was the one who did that.
I want you to know that I will work very hard.
I want you to know that I won't be there tomorrow afternoon.
I want you to know that I won't be there.
I want you to know that I won't do that.
I want you to know that I'll always be here for you.
I want you to know that I'll always love you.
I want you to know that I'll be here as long as you need me.
I want you to know that I'll do that for you.
I want you to know that I'll never do that again.
I want you to know that I'll never do that.
I want you to know that I'll support you, whatever decision you make.
I want you to know that I'll work very hard.
I want you to know that I'm here for you, no matter what.
I want you to know that I'm here if you need me.
I want you to know that I'm sorry.
I want you to know that I'm still here.
I want you to know that I'm willing to help if you need me.
I want you to know that I'm willing to help you do that if you want me to.
I want you to know that Tom and Mary were right.
I want you to know that Tom is doing OK.
I want you to know that Tom was right.
I want you to know that Tom's doing OK.
I want you to know that Tom's important to me.
I want you to know that if you need any help, all you need to do is ask.
I want you to know that we don't have any hostility towards your company despite last year's mixup.
I want you to know that we intend to be back soon.
I want you to know that we plan to be back soon.
I want you to know that you can always count on me.
I want you to know that you can stop worrying.
I want you to know that you can trust me.
I want you to know that you did a great job.
I want you to know that you have nothing to worry about.
I want you to know that you hold the key to my heart. You are not just a part of my life; you are my whole world, my everything.
I want you to know that you're forgiven.
I want you to know that you've got nothing to be afraid of.
I want you to know that your feelings are completely normal and natural.
I want you to know that.
I want you to know the truth.
I want you to know we can stop worrying.
I want you to know we intend to be back soon.
I want you to know we plan to be back soon.
I want you to know what really happened.
I want you to know what to expect.
I want you to know what we did.
I want you to know what's true and what's not.
I want you to know where I've been.
I want you to know who I am.
I want you to know why we did that.
I want you to know you can stop worrying.
I want you to know you can trust me.
I want you to know you did a great job.
I want you to know you have nothing to worry about.
I want you to know you're forgiven.
I want you to know you've got nothing to be afraid of.
I want you to know.
I want you to lay back and relax.
I want you to lead.
I want you to learn to speak Spanish too!
I want you to leave Tom alone.
I want you to leave for Boston on a plane tomorrow.
I want you to leave her alone.
I want you to leave him alone.
I want you to leave me alone.
I want you to leave my family alone.
I want you to leave my house and never come back.
I want you to leave my house now.
I want you to leave my house.
I want you to leave my office.
I want you to leave now.
I want you to leave right away.
I want you to leave right now.
I want you to leave them alone.
I want you to leave us alone.
I want you to leave.
I want you to let Tom live.
I want you to let her live.
I want you to let him live.
I want you to let me go.
I want you to let me kiss you.
I want you to let them live.
I want you to lie down face down on the floor.
I want you to lie down.
I want you to lie still for a few hours.
I want you to lie still for a while.
I want you to lie still.
I want you to light the candle.
I want you to like Tom.
I want you to like her.
I want you to like him.
I want you to like me, Tom.
I want you to like them.
I want you to listen carefully.
I want you to listen to Tom's advice.
I want you to listen to me carefully.
I want you to listen to me very carefully.
I want you to listen to me.
I want you to listen to that.
I want you to listen to this song.
I want you to listen to this.
I want you to listen to what I have to say.
I want you to listen to what Tom and Mary have to say.
I want you to listen to what Tom has to say.
I want you to listen.
I want you to live here with me.
I want you to live more like a human being.
I want you to live with me, what do you think?
I want you to look at me and see a good guy.
I want you to look at me.
I want you to look at something for me.
I want you to look at something.
I want you to look for Tom.
I want you to look for her.
I want you to look for him.
I want you to look for them.
I want you to look out for yourself.
I want you to look out the window.
I want you to lose.
I want you to love me every day of your life.
I want you to love me for who I am.
I want you to love me.
I want you to lower your pants.
I want you to make a choice.
I want you to make a decision.
I want you to make me a promise.
I want you to make spaghetti for dinner.
I want you to make the decision.
I want you to make this work.
I want you to marry me.
I want you to meet Sami Bakir.
I want you to meet Tom.
I want you to meet a friend of mine.
I want you to meet an old friend of mine.
I want you to meet everyone.
I want you to meet her.
I want you to meet him in order to hear his opinion.
I want you to meet him.
I want you to meet me at Tom's.
I want you to meet my cousin.
I want you to meet my family.
I want you to meet my friend, Tom.
I want you to meet my new friend, Tom.
I want you to meet my new squeeze.
I want you to meet my parents.
I want you to meet my sister, whom I spoke of the other day.
I want you to meet someone very special.
I want you to meet someone.
I want you to meet the lovely Rima.
I want you to meet them.
I want you to move in with me.
I want you to mow the lawn right after breakfast.
I want you to never forget this.
I want you to not go to Boston with Tom.
I want you to open the window.
I want you to open your eyes.
I want you to pay attention.
I want you to pay back the money that you owe me.
I want you to pay back the money you owe me.
I want you to pay me for my work.
I want you to perfect your English before being promoted.
I want you to pick up every single toy off the floor and put it on your shelf.
I want you to picture me singing on stage.
I want you to pitch in a little.
I want you to play the guitar for me.
I want you to practise maths more.
I want you to promise me something.
I want you to promise me that you won't do that.
I want you to promise me that you'll do that.
I want you to promise me that you'll never do that.
I want you to promise me that.
I want you to promise me you will never tell anyone what you have seen.
I want you to promise me you won't do it again.
I want you to promise me you won't do that.
I want you to promise me you'll do that.
I want you to promise me you'll never do that.
I want you to promise that you will never cry again.
I want you to promise.
I want you to publicly apologize.
I want you to push against my hand as hard as you can.
I want you to put down the magazines, the textbooks and everything else.
I want you to put in a good word for me.
I want you to put on good manners during the time we're having dinner.
I want you to put on your best behavior during dinner time.
I want you to put out that cigarette.
I want you to put out your cigarette.
I want you to put the magazines, pamphlets and whatnot aside.
I want you to put the magazines, pamphlets and whatnot away.
I want you to put the room in order quickly.
I want you to put these boxes in the basement.
I want you to quit watching so much TV.
I want you to quit your job.
I want you to read it.
I want you to read this English letter.
I want you to read this book.
I want you to read this letter.
I want you to really lay into him and let him know how much he screwed up.
I want you to reconsider your decision.
I want you to redirect the output of this command into that file.
I want you to refurbish the house.
I want you to relax.
I want you to remember exactly what you said to Tom.
I want you to remember this moment.
I want you to remember this.
I want you to remember what happened here today.
I want you to remember, my brothers, what happened to our ancestors.
I want you to repeat after me.
I want you to respect me.
I want you to return it to me as soon as possible.
I want you to return the book I lent you the other day.
I want you to return to Australia.
I want you to return to Boston.
I want you to return to your seat.
I want you to ride with Tom.
I want you to ride with her.
I want you to ride with him.
I want you to ride with me.
I want you to ride with them.
I want you to ride with us.
I want you to run the store for me.
I want you to run to the store for me.
I want you to say something.
I want you to say what you think.
I want you to say you're not going back to Australia.
I want you to say you're not going back to Boston.
I want you to scan this book.
I want you to search high and low for a writer who's just right for this project. Leave no stone unturned.
I want you to search high and low for a writer who’s just right for this project. Leave no stone unturned.
I want you to see a specialist.
I want you to see her.
I want you to see if you can do that.
I want you to see if you could do it.
I want you to see if you could do that.
I want you to see it.
I want you to see something.
I want you to see these.
I want you to see this.
I want you to see what you've done.
I want you to see yourself the way I see you.
I want you to sell our product at your shop.
I want you to send this parcel at once.
I want you to send this report to Tom.
I want you to show Tom how to do that.
I want you to show me how to do that.
I want you to show me what love is.
I want you to sign this.
I want you to sing a song.
I want you to sing me a song.
I want you to sing the song.
I want you to sing with Tom.
I want you to sing with me.
I want you to sing.
I want you to sit down.
I want you to sit here and be quiet.
I want you to sit here.
I want you to sit with me.
I want you to sleep on it.
I want you to somehow resolve the situation as promptly and avoiding to cause trouble for my sister and those around us as much as possible.
I want you to somehow resolve the situation as soon as possible, causing the least amount of trouble for my sister and those around us.
I want you to speak frankly.
I want you to spend time with Tom.
I want you to stand guard.
I want you to stand here.
I want you to stand up.
I want you to start doing that.
I want you to start right now.
I want you to start studying French.
I want you to start taking things seriously.
I want you to stay a little longer.
I want you to stay away from Tom.
I want you to stay away from me.
I want you to stay away from my daughter.
I want you to stay by the lady.
I want you to stay close to me at any time.
I want you to stay exactly where you are.
I want you to stay for a couple more days.
I want you to stay for a couple more weeks.
I want you to stay here and babysit Tom.
I want you to stay here and look after Tom.
I want you to stay here and take care of Tom.
I want you to stay here and watch Tom.
I want you to stay here in Australia until the Monday after next.
I want you to stay here in Boston until Monday.
I want you to stay here longer.
I want you to stay here until I come back.
I want you to stay here until I get back.
I want you to stay here until Tom and Mary get here.
I want you to stay here until Tom gets here.
I want you to stay here with Tom until I get back.
I want you to stay here with Tom.
I want you to stay here with her.
I want you to stay here with me.
I want you to stay here.
I want you to stay home.
I want you to stay in Australia at least until Christmas.
I want you to stay in Australia until October 20th.
I want you to stay in Australia until at least Christmas.
I want you to stay in Boston until Monday.
I want you to stay in Boston until October 20th.
I want you to stay in Boston until my birthday.
I want you to stay in Boston until next Monday.
I want you to stay in Boston.
I want you to stay motivated.
I want you to stay on the beach.
I want you to stay out of this.
I want you to stay polite.
I want you to stay quiet for a few minutes.
I want you to stay right here.
I want you to stay right where you are.
I want you to stay tonight.
I want you to stay until Monday.
I want you to stay where you are.
I want you to stay with Tom.
I want you to stay with her.
I want you to stay with him.
I want you to stay with me.
I want you to stay with them.
I want you to stay with us.
I want you to stay.
I want you to step back inside that room.
I want you to stick around for a few days.
I want you to stop calling me Tom.
I want you to stop doing that.
I want you to stop following me.
I want you to stop frequenting the graveyard at night.
I want you to stop hanging around with those ruffians.
I want you to stop looking for Tom.
I want you to stop preying on people's weaknesses.
I want you to stop preying on people’s weaknesses.
I want you to stop singing.
I want you to stop spoiling the kids.
I want you to stop talking.
I want you to stop this immediately.
I want you to stop.
I want you to straighten up the environment a little more.
I want you to strip naked and rail me.
I want you to study French.
I want you to study harder.
I want you to succeed.
I want you to suffer.
I want you to take Tom to Australia with you.
I want you to take Tom to Boston with you.
I want you to take Tom to school.
I want you to take Tom to the party.
I want you to take a break.
I want you to take a good look around.
I want you to take a good look at Tom.
I want you to take a good look at what's in my hands.
I want you to take a look at this.
I want you to take a message.
I want you to take back what you said just now.
I want you to take care of Tom for a little while.
I want you to take care of me.
I want you to take care of this for me.
I want you to take charge of this operation.
I want you to take charge.
I want you to take it away from Tom.
I want you to take it.
I want you to take me back home.
I want you to take me back to Boston.
I want you to take me seriously.
I want you to take me to Boston.
I want you to take me to Tom.
I want you to take me to a restaurant where you can eat delicious spiny lobster.
I want you to take me to her.
I want you to take me to him.
I want you to take me to them.
I want you to take me with you.
I want you to take my place.
I want you to take my share.
I want you to take out the garbage.
I want you to take out the rubbish.
I want you to take over the plan after my retirement.
I want you to take some time off.
I want you to take the garbage out.
I want you to take the medication that the doctor told you to take.
I want you to take the medication the doctor told you to take.
I want you to take these.
I want you to take this job.
I want you to take this medicine now.
I want you to take this medicine.
I want you to take this paper to her right away.
I want you to take this with you.
I want you to take your tears back, I don't want to see you with such a sad face.
I want you to talk to Tom about his behavior.
I want you to talk to Tom about that matter.
I want you to talk to Tom about that.
I want you to talk to Tom.
I want you to talk to her.
I want you to talk to him.
I want you to talk to me about Einstein's general theory of relativity.
I want you to talk to me.
I want you to talk to them.
I want you to talk to us.
I want you to talk.
I want you to taste these pancakes and tell me if you like them.
I want you to teach Tom how to do that.
I want you to teach Tom how to drive.
I want you to teach me Berber.
I want you to teach me French.
I want you to teach me about Islam.
I want you to teach me how to be good in bed.
I want you to teach me it.
I want you to teach me your way of seeing the world.
I want you to tear up her pictures.
I want you to tell Tom he can't come here anymore.
I want you to tell Tom that I love him.
I want you to tell Tom that I won't be there.
I want you to tell Tom that he can't come here anymore.
I want you to tell Tom that you don't love him anymore.
I want you to tell Tom that you'll try to get along with him.
I want you to tell Tom to go home.
I want you to tell Tom what I said.
I want you to tell Tom what to do.
I want you to tell Tom where you live.
I want you to tell me about Tom.
I want you to tell me about what happened.
I want you to tell me about your trip to Boston.
I want you to tell me about your trip.
I want you to tell me everything that happened.
I want you to tell me everything that you know about Tom.
I want you to tell me everything you know about Tom.
I want you to tell me everything you know about that man.
I want you to tell me everything you know about that.
I want you to tell me everything you know about what's happening.
I want you to tell me everything.
I want you to tell me how to do this.
I want you to tell me that's not true.
I want you to tell me the truth about Tom.
I want you to tell me the truth.
I want you to tell me what happened.
I want you to tell me what needs to be done.
I want you to tell me what to do.
I want you to tell me what you hear.
I want you to tell me what you plan to do.
I want you to tell me what you really think of Tom.
I want you to tell me what you really think of me.
I want you to tell me what you're going through.
I want you to tell me what you've been hiding.
I want you to tell me who did this.
I want you to tell me who gave you that.
I want you to tell me who told you that.
I want you to tell me why you did that.
I want you to tell me why you didn't do that.
