Maria is respected by everyone.
Maria is sad today.
Maria is shaving her legs.
Maria is sitting at her desk and translating a novel. She's surrounded by heaps of big dictionaries. Maria needs all of them as she is translating with an almost fanatic precision.
Maria is spending a lot of money on clothes.
Maria is stripping in a pub.
Maria is stripping in some pub.
Maria is taller than her friend.
Maria is taller than her girlfriend.
Maria is teaching me Norwegian.
Maria is teaching me to read coffee grounds.
Maria is teaching me to tell the future from coffee grounds.
Maria is the blonde one.
Maria is the youngest of my children.
Maria is tired of waiting.
Maria is very nice.
Maria is very pretty.
Maria is very shy.
Maria is very sympathetic.
Maria is wearing a burqa.
Maria is yawning.
Maria isn't Tom's enemy.
Maria just smiled at this insult, and you should, too.
Maria killed the cockroach with a sandal.
Maria kneeled.
Maria knew neither his name nor his phone number.
Maria knows everything there is to know about dairying, having been employed in the field for over 35 years.
Maria knows very little about economics.
Maria knows what she wants.
Maria landed on the moon.
Maria lay down on a fold out bed.
Maria left Tom after she found out she was just his second choice.
Maria liked Tom but it was embarrassing for her to be seen by her friends with him.
Maria likes cooking at night.
Maria likes flowers.
Maria likes her car.
Maria likes long bike rides.
Maria likes to eat fresh fruit, because it is very healthy.
Maria likes watching TV.
Maria limped.
Maria lit a few tealights to improve the atmosphere.
Maria lives in Helsinki.
Maria lives in a middle class neighborhood.
Maria lives in the same house as me.
Maria lost the ability to distinguish between reality and illusion.
Maria makes an outstanding mayonnaise.
Maria married against her will.
Maria married unwillingly.
Maria might be on holiday next month.
Maria named her dog Rex.
Maria needs medical attention.
Maria needs new pants.
Maria needs to go shopping.
Maria never married.
Maria often makes fun of Tom; but he doesn't pay any attention to it.
Maria only drinks spring water.
Maria only wants jam.
Maria peeled a mandarin and divided it into sections.
Maria plays hockey.
Maria plays the piano excellently.
Maria prefers to withdraw with a book to someplace.
Maria quit her job.
Maria ran into the wind.
Maria ran.
Maria read the entire operation manual of 321 pages without stopping.
Maria reads.
Maria realised that her joke had caused Tom stress.
Maria really doesn't like Tom's music.
Maria remembers you.
Maria resented Tom's success greatly.
Maria rises like a phoenix from the ashes.
Maria rubbed her cheeks with the palms of her hands and looked around with embarrassment.
Maria said that she saw the image of her father who had died more than twenty years ago.
Maria said to herself, "I am very lucky".
Maria said to herself, "I am very lucky."
Maria said to herself, "I'm really lucky."
Maria salted the meat.
Maria says she wants to become a model, but she knows very little about fashion.
Maria scratches her head.
Maria sees him.
Maria seldom has time to read.
Maria shamelessly used Tom to achieve her own goals.
Maria shaves her legs.
Maria shot jealous looks at Tom while he danced with Anna.
Maria should have done all of them on her own.
Maria showed us her villa.
Maria showed us their home.
Maria sings as off-key as a cat.
Maria speaks super good Norwegian.
Maria speaks to her plants every day.
Maria spends a lot of money on clothes.
Maria spends a lot of money.
Maria spent several years investigating the history of Iceland.
Maria stirred up a storm in a glass of water.
Maria stood with all her friends around her.
Maria studied diligently, but could never remember from one week to the next.
Maria suddenly fell silent.
Maria suffers from a serious illness.
Maria sways her hips to attract the lustful gaze of men.
Maria takes piano lessons once a week.
Maria takes the children to school.
Maria talked and talked - her mouth would not stay still.
Maria teaches me Norwegian.
Maria teaches me norwegian.
Maria teaches.
Maria tends to appear on my doorstep whenever I'm about to go out.
Maria tends to appear on my doorstep whenever I’m about to go out.
Maria thinks that both personality and appearance are deciding factors when choosing a partner.
Maria thought that all men are like Tom.
Maria thought that the fridge looked quite plain. So she stuck a few little hearts to it.
Maria told her children the same fairytale her mom had told her when she was a child.
Maria took off her panties.
Maria took the eggs one after another from the egg carton.
Maria took the eggs one after the other from the egg carton.
Maria took the eggs, one after another out of the egg carton.
Maria took the metro, since her car broke down.
Maria took your words the wrong way. If I were you, I would apologise.
Maria treats me well.
Maria tried not to let her embarrassment show.
Maria tried to kill herself with sleeping pills.
Maria tried to turn Tom into a squirrel with the help of a spell which she found in one of her grandmother's books, but nothing happened.
Maria turned to the door.
Maria used this table.
Maria usually answers mail immediately.
Maria usually goes to school on bike.
Maria waited for him but he didn't come.
Maria waited for him, but he didn't come.
Maria walks slowly.
Maria wants to buy herself a new washing machine.
Maria wants to continue living.
Maria was a devil in the shape of a woman.
Maria was about a hundred years old.
Maria was as white as a sheet.
Maria was bedridden. The only contact she had with the outside world was via the TV broadcasts.
Maria was chosen from five-hundred people.
Maria was especially excited when she saw that the TV broadcast was from her hometown.
Maria was keeping under her pillow a photograph of her and her boyfriend, who had just passed away.
Maria was lucky.
Maria was pale as death.
Maria was so drunk that she threw up on Thomas's car.
Maria was standing.
Maria was tasked with the continuation of the work.
Maria was the last one to enter the room.
Maria was waiting.
Maria was wearing a long black dress.
Maria was wearing long, bright red, artificial fingernails at the party.
Maria was wet.
Maria wears the German colours today. She wears a red skirt, a black jacket and a yellow neckerchief.
Maria went to meet a doctor.
Maria went to the table and sat down on a comfortable swivel chair.
Maria went to the window and opened the curtains.
Maria whispered her condolences to the widow.
Maria will arrive at two thirty and Tom will arrive a little later.
Maria will get pregnant.
Maria will never come out this prison again.
Maria will never speak to me again.
Maria will win.
Maria wore a long black dress.
Maria worked in a circus. She was a contortionist.
Maria works as a translator.
Maria works in the field of psychiatry.
Maria would like to know if Esperanto is really as easy to learn as Tom has claimed it to be.
Maria wrote me a letter.
Maria yearned for sweet oblivion.
Maria's back is good.
Maria's blood froze in her veins, when the lion jumped against Tom like a dog and licked him through the face.
Maria's brother is married.
Maria's eyes lightened with pleasure.
Maria's face radiated beautiful contentment.
Maria's father is easily influenced.
Maria's father made breakfast.
Maria's former beauty is long gone now.
Maria's gaze slid into emptiness.
Maria's hair is blond, although dyed and not natural.
Maria's hair is long.
Maria's house is closed.
Maria's hungry.
Maria's late husband was a violinist.
Maria's niece was surprised to find out that Esperanto is only a hundred years older than she is.
Maria's parents are not home yet.
Maria's parents still live in that picturesque village.
Maria's picking up her brother and sister from the train station.
Maria's small gingerbread bakery quickly became a thriving global corporation. Tom's squirrel cookies made from nut dough are now all the rage everywhere.
Maria's toes hurt.
Maria's very favorite drink is green tea.
Maria, Marcelina and father JosÃ© are going to town.
Maria, Marcelina and father José are going to town.
Maria, please tell me the truth.
Maria, prepare yourself for bad news.
Maria, that's almost a month's rent!
Maria, who has just been appointed as National Coordinator against violent extremism, participated in a demonstration in which the Elbonian flag was ritually burned.
Mariah Carey's greatest gift is her voice.
Mariah Carey’s greatest gift is her voice.
Mariah's father was an African-Venezuelan.
Mariam Kvrivishvili emphasized President Ilham Aliyev’s status as a global leader, noting that he is regarded as a friend in Georgia.
Mariam hasn't returned from Brunei yet.
Marian and Harry have long hair.
Marian is wearing a black leather jacket, a purple scarf, and purple pants.The outfit looks great on her.
Marian, a blonde Anglo-Saxon, and Martin, a German-Anglo-Saxon, live in a blue house in my Lulu Island neighbourhood. They have their own business.
Mariana is going home now with Susana's mother.
Mariana is going home now with Susana’s mother.
Mariazinha is my friend.
Maria’s late husband was a violinist.
Marie Antoinette was the last Queen of France.
Marie Curie was Polish, not French.
Marie accepted the gifts.
Marie accused her of having stolen the bike.
Marie accused him of having stolen the bike.
Marie admires your courage.
Marie admitted defeat.
Marie admitted that she was a prostitute.
Marie agonised.
Marie already drank three coffees.
Marie and Tom are going to high school.
Marie and Tom came to visit us last night.
Marie and Tom go to high school.
Marie and Tom were drinking red wine.
Marie and Tom wondered if it had been a murder or a suicide.
Marie appeared out of thin air.
Marie arrived on time.
Marie asked Alice if she had already kissed a boy.
Marie believes in life before death.
Marie blushed exceedingly, lowered her head, and made no reply.
Marie bought several breads.
Marie broke the window.
Marie brought dessert.
Marie came to West Germany when she was five years old.
Marie can trust Tom.
Marie can't come, she has to take care of her daughter.
Marie changed her mind.
Marie couldn't hold back a little smile.
Marie crossed the road.
Marie cut down a tree.
Marie dances well.
Marie did not understand the question.
Marie didn't like that game.
Marie didn't take a nap.
Marie dipped the end of her croissant into her coffee with milk.
Marie does not know exactly where she was born.
Marie doesn't eat lettuce.
Marie doesn't remember having turned the light off.
Marie doesn't worry about Tom.
Marie dreamed about Tom.
Marie dried herself with a towel.
Marie drives better than Jean.
Marie eats quickly.
Marie exaggerates everything.
Marie expects her husband to always roll out the red carpet for her and treat her like a celebrity.
Marie fed the fish.
Marie followed the kid to school.
Marie gained weight.
Marie gets up early on her own will.
Marie goes shopping once a week.
Marie got lost in Rambouillet forest.
Marie had a cat.
Marie had gone back to hers.
Marie had the appetite of a bird.
Marie had to choose between Pierre and Paul.
Marie has a lot of problems with her teeth.
Marie has a toothache.
Marie has already been to Hungary.
Marie has become a very charming girl. She is brunette and has green eyes like her mother.
Marie has been to Hungary before.
Marie has given birth to two children for her husband.
Marie has grown.
Marie has lost her camera.
Marie has lost her umbrella.
Marie has not moved to Boston yet.
Marie has starved the dogs.
Marie hasn't taken a nap.
Marie hasn't watered the flowers yet.
Marie helped her mother decorate the Christmas tree.
Marie hid herself behind the tree.
Marie invited them to dinner.
Marie is a French student.
Marie is a naive student.
Marie is afraid of childbirth.
Marie is afraid of escalators.
Marie is an old hag.
Marie is choosing the flowers.
Marie is covered.
Marie is drying her hair in front of the mirror.
Marie is going to keep it for now.
Marie is going to take a bit of milk.
Marie is happy that summer is approaching.
Marie is helping his mother.
Marie is looking for her cat.
Marie is losing her fillings.
Marie is my best friend.
Marie is not mistaken.
Marie is not ready.
Marie is not wrong.
Marie is pretty. She has beautiful eyes.
Marie is probably rich.
Marie is quite pretty.
Marie is something of a non-conformist.
Marie is staying here.
Marie is the Queen of France.
Marie is very friendly.
Marie is very nice.
Marie is very tall.
Marie isn't worried about Tom.
Marie jumped from the window into the river.
Marie knows very well United States history
Marie lied to me.
Marie lived with her grandmother.
Marie lost her camera.
Marie massaged my shoulders.
Marie memorized 2000 English words.
Marie might be hungry.
Marie never mentioned it.
Marie no longer works as much as she used to.
Marie painted.
Marie panicked – a suspicious guy was following her.
Marie played.
Marie prepared her own meal.
Marie put on her most beautiful dress to go to the theater.
Marie relied on you.
Marie reluctantly takes another piece of cake.
Marie seems very nervous this morning.
Marie sharpens the scissors.
Marie should start.
Marie shouldn't speak like that to her mother.
Marie sneezed.
Marie speaks French well.
Marie speaks German fluently.
Marie speaks fluent German.
Marie still needs training.
Marie stooped down to his level.
Marie suffered from indigestion when she ate rich food.
Marie told me that she enjoyed the drive.
Marie took off.
Marie took the wrong train.
Marie tried to cover up the scandal.
Marie use to love poetry.
Marie was acting as if nothing had happened.
Marie was changing.
Marie was completely surprised.
Marie was ill.
Marie was moving forward.
Marie was over the moon.
Marie was short of ideas.
Marie was sneezing.
Marie was the only girl to wear a skirt.
Marie was the only girl wearing a skirt.
Marie was wrong.
Marie wasn't thirsty.
Marie wears beautiful earrings all the time.
Marie will be hungry.
Marie will die.
Marie will not swim tonight.
Marie will ruin her clothes.
Marie will sell her car.
Marie will show you how to catch a fish.
Marie willingly gets up early.
Marie won't be accompanying her, even though she has nothing to do.
Marie won't be accompanying him, even though she has nothing to do.
Marie won't do the dishes.
Marie's back from China.
Marie's been to Hungary before.
Marie's feeling better.
Marie's hiding something from me.
Marie's neighbor has a heart of stone.
Marie's parents are rich.
Marie's sister has been living in Berlin since 2010.
Marie's sister is a Berliner.
Marie's the Queen of France.
Marie, I said, do you have a father?
Marie, Mary and Maria are friends.
Marie-Emmanuelle is French.
Marie-France and Joël are good friends.
Marie? I thought your name was Maria.
Mariela had a terrible time with her college advisors, who were worse at keeping her schedule together than she herself was.
Marigolds are Tom's favorite flowers.
Marigolds repel nematodes, as well as some humans who don't like the way they smell.
Marigot is the capital of Saint Martin.
Marija Luisa is the mother of eight children.
Marija bought a microscope.
Marijuana has its own spirit that captures its users.
Marijuana helps my partner's anxiety, but is the worst possible thing for mine.
Marijuana is a type of green algae.
Marijuana is legal in New York.
Marijuana is now legal in Colorado.
Marijuana is now legal in New York State.
Marijuana may help my partner's anxiety, but it is the worst possible thing for mine.
Marijuana was invented by Sir Thomas Marijuana for the 1939 World's Fair.
Marijuana will be heavily regulated under the new law, and dispensaries will be barred from locations near schools and public parks.
Marijuana, also known as cannabis, is now legal in 28 U.S. states for either medical or recreational use. Of those states, four of them legalized recreational marijuana last November, including California. At a dispensary in Los Angeles, the experience for customers is more similar to a trip to the winery or high-end retail store.
Marika and I have nothing left to say to each other.
Marika discovered with me a new world, a new culture.
Marika doesn't believe me anymore.
Marika doesn't trust me anymore.
Marika embraced Yanni's Berber heritage.
Marika has a tumultuous personality.
Marika has always wanted to learn Japanese.
Marika has stopped calling me.
Marika helps me in English.
Marika is Finnish but she speaks German just like the Germans.
Marika is Finnish, but she is fluent in German.
Marika is Finnish, but she knows German.
Marika is Finnish, but she looks like an Asian girl.
Marika is Finnish, but she speaks German.
Marika is excessively jealous.
Marika is not worthy of your love.
Marika is unworthy of your love.
Marika looks like a Japanese woman on this picture.
Marika looks like an Asian girl. Isn't she a Saami by any chance?
Marika loves her language, Finnish.
Marika no longer needs me.
Marika possesses a stunning combination of European and Asian features that exude timeless beauty.
Marika taught me some Finnish.
Marika translated my book into German.
Marika wanted me to learn Finnish.
Marika wanted me to live with her in her parents' village, but it was very cold out there.
Marika was crazy about me, and I... well, you could say I was crazy about her, too.
Marika was happy every time I said something in Finnish.
Marika's captivating smile, framed by her naturally rosy lips, adds a touch of warmth and approachability to her appearance.
Marika's elegant bone structure and symmetry of her face are a testament to her half-European, half-Asian Finnish heritage.
Marika's enchanting eyes, with a delicate shape and captivating color, reflect her diverse ethnic background.
Marika's half-European, half-Asian Finnish looks are a reminder that true beauty knows no boundaries.
Marika's half-European, half-Asian Finnish looks convey a sense of exoticism and cultural richness.
Marika's half-European, half-Asian Finnish looks create a unique and captivating aesthetic.
Marika's half-European, half-Asian Finnish looks symbolize the interconnectedness of different ethnic groups and the beauty that arises from their union.
Marika's perfectly balanced facial features highlight the harmonious blend of her European and Asian ancestry.
Marika's silky, lustrous hair, influenced by both European and Asian hair types, is a crowning glory that enhances her overall allure.
Marika's smile was amazing.
Marika's unique blend of features pays homage to her diverse heritage, making her a symbol of multiethnic beauty.
Mariko is good at speaking English.
Mariko speaks English excellently.
Mariko speaks English well.
Mariko studied not only English but also German.
Mariko went to the aesthetic salon.
Mariko's parents are strongly opposed to her marrying an American.
Mariko’s parents are strongly opposed to her marrying an American.
Marilla always wore her amethyst brooch to church.
Marilla broke down and wept bitterly.
Marilla felt deserted by everyone. She could not even go to Mrs. Lynde for advice.
Marilla had almost begun to despair of ever fashioning this waif of the world into her model little girl of demure manners and prim deportment.
Marilla had problems with her lungs.
Marilla is a very generous woman. She said we could have fruit cake and cherry preserves for tea.
Marilla laid her knitting on her lap and leaned back in her chair.
Marilla listened to the whole story.
Marilla looked at Anne and softened at the sight of the child's pale face with its look of mute misery--the misery of a helpless little creature who finds itself once more caught in the trap from which it had escaped.
Marilla really did not know how to talk to the child, and her uncomfortable ignorance made her crisp and curt when she did not mean to be.
Marilla sank into her chair with a deep sigh.
Marilla says that a large family was raised in that old house long ago, and that it was a real pretty place, with a lovely garden and roses climbing all over it.
Marilla took a candle and explored the cellar.
Marilla turned quickly away to hide her twitching face; but it was no use; she collapsed on the nearest chair and burst into such a hearty and unusual peal of laughter that Matthew, crossing the yard outside, halted in amazement.
Marilla was a tall, thin woman, with angles and without curves; her dark hair showed some gray streaks and was always twisted up in a hard little knot behind with two wire hairpins stuck aggressively through it.
Marilla was not given to subjective analysis of her thoughts and feelings.
Marilla was speechless with horror.
Marilla wore her amethyst brooch to church that day as usual.
Marilla's astonishment could not have been greater if Matthew had expressed a predilection for standing on his head.
Marilla's face was rather grim.
Marilla, as she picked her steps along the damp lane, thought that it was really a satisfaction to know that she was going home to a briskly snapping wood fire and a table nicely spread for tea.
Marilyn Monroe died 33 years ago.
Marilyn Monroe died when she was 36 years old.
Marilyn Monroe's success did not make her happy.
Marilyn Monroe’s success did not make her happy.
Marimbas are made from rosewood.
Marina Giles left England with her husband in just this frame of mind.
Marina grows rare roses.
Marina is Russian. Russian is her mother tongue.
Marina is a woman's name.
Marina is from Russia and Clarissa is from Sweden.
Marina is older than Catherine.
Marina knows where the meeting will be.
Marina likes this kind of music.
Marina likes this sort of music.
Marina read magazines on weekends.
Marina sings well. She has a beautiful voice.
Marine biologist Lara Muaves witnessed the impact of climate change firsthand this year, when two devastating cyclones tore through her native Mozambique, leaving hundreds dead, including her best friend.
Marine experts are planning to rescue humpback whales that have been recorded for the first time in crocodile-infested waters in the Kakadu national park in tropical northern Australia.
Marine experts estimate about 40,000 humpback whales are now migrating through Australian waters annually, up from about 1,500 half a century ago.
Marine iguanas are expert swimmers.
Marine left without drawing attention.
Marine plants grow on the sea bed.
Marine sanctuary managers use a combination of science, education, and enforcement to protect marine life.
Marine species are moving to new locations toward cooler waters.
Mariner 1 launched first on July 22, 1962, but its Atlas-Agena rocket veered off-course and was destroyed in the first few minutes of flight.
Mariner 10 used the gravitational pull of Venus to swing it into a different orbit so it could continue on to Mercury.
Mariner 10 was the first space probe to visit Mercury. It was also the first probe to visit two planets - Venus and Mercury.
Mariner 2 made a number of important scientific discoveries not only about the planet but also about interplanetary space during its transit.
Mariner 9 was launched on May 30, 1971.
Mario Draghi is the head of the European Central Bank.
Mario Draghi resigned.
Mario and Luigi are brothers.
Mario bought a microscope.
Mario dislocated his arm and now has to wear a cast.
Mario failed to save the princess.
Mario felt so bad for the abandoned puppy that he decided to adopt it.
Mario finished walking along the Great Wall of China in five days.
Mario grows bigger when he eats a mushroom.
Mario has a thick Italian accent.
Mario is a communist and Luigi is an environmentalist.
Mario is a master of the art of making excuses.
Mario is a plumber.
Mario is an Italian citizen.
Mario is red and Luigi is green.
Mario is so sick that he can barely move.
Mario is the taller of the two.
Mario left because Dodong is late.
Mario prefers the taste of the sugar apple.
Mario says that Romulus is the founder of Rome.
Mario speaks English fluently.
Mario was ridiculed in front of the class.
Mario went missing after 8 o'clock in the morning.
Mario woke up at midnight and found five cockroaches in the bathroom.
Mario woke up at midnight to come across five cockroaches in the bathroom.
Mario's Pub is where the action is.
Mario's goal is to have read all of the "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" books by the time he goes back to school.
Mario, stop calling me gay! I'm straight!
Marioupol is no touristic destination, it’s a worldwide crime scene!
Mario’s Pub is where the action is.
Mariska decided to take a break from social media in order to focus on her mental health and break her addiction to doomscrolling.
Marisol and Johnny are eating some pizza.
Marissa is interested in continuing to explore additional Latinx collectives whose work involves community building, social art history, and the creation of ephemera.
Marita's kids just like watching anime dubbed in Tagalog.
Marita's kids prefer watching anime dubbed in Tagalog.
Marital arguments should always be constructive to a marriage.
Marital gallantry is a special art.
Maritime heritage resources, when properly studied and interpreted, add an important dimension to our understanding and appreciation of our nation’s rich maritime legacy, and make us more aware of the critical need for us to be wise stewards of our ocean planet.
Maritime security experts say this was the ninth incident of piracy at sea in the Gulf of Aden this year.
Marius is taller than Marcus.
Marius is the highest of all.
Marius says: "Romulus is the founder of Rome."
Mariya Takeuchi sings this song.
Marjane Satrapi's father is Ebi.
Marjane Satrapi's mother is Tadji.
Marjane Satrapi’s father is Ebi.
Marjane Satrapi’s mother is Tadji.
Marjane caught the cat.
Marjorie saw Leonard before he saw her. He was walking with three men—joking, laughing absent-mindedly, while his eyes searched for a face in the crowd. She waited a moment, hidden, suffocated with anticipation, her heart turning over and over, until he said a nonchalant good-bye to his companions, who were pounced upon by eager relatives. Then she crept up behind and put both her hands about his wrist.
Mark Dvoretsky's Endgame Manual is regarded as one of the best books ever published on the endgame.
Mark E Smith was the only permanent member of the band The Fall.
Mark Grimmette and Brian Martin could not have come from more different backgrounds. Grimmette is from Michigan, where there is heavy ice and snowfall and he helped build a luge track when he was 14. Martin is from Palo Alto California, where the average temperature is between 10 and 20 degrees Celsius and there is no snowfall.
Mark Halperin, a documentary film maker, said: "Outside of the U.S. Civil War and World War II but including the attacks of September 11, the election of Donald Trump may be the most cataclysmic event this country has ever seen."
Mark Rutte wants to take the farms, animals and livelihood from Dutch farmers as the WEF wants him to do.
Mark Sarvary and Frank Castelli studied why a majority of students — 90% of the 276 students they surveyed — kept their video cameras off during class. More than 41% of students said it was because they were concerned about their appearance.
Mark Shuttleworth and two crewmates landed on schedule on the steppes of Kazakhstan, near where they blasted off 10-days ago.
Mark Simmons is Chief Ecologist at the Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center in Austin. A native of Great Britain who has studied natural flora worldwide, Simmons says the appearance of so many flowers really is something to celebrate.
Mark Twain said, "All generalizations are false, including this one."
Mark Twain was an American novelist.
Mark Wahlberg is Ziri's favorite actor.
Mark Zuckerberg is atheist, not theist.
Mark Zuckerberg is more of a monster than you know.
Mark Zuckerberg stole my idea!
Mark absolutely had to go to that party.
Mark acted with confidence.
Mark actively focuses on people's positive qualities.
Mark actually cares about Jessica's safety.
Mark agreed to share his story.
Mark almost became impervious to toxic co-workers.
Mark always gets up early.
Mark always lets people know where he is going.
Mark always looked good.
Mark always supported Jessica.
Mark and Jessica are a happy couple.
Mark and Jessica are in a healthy relationship.
Mark and Jessica became a couple.
Mark and Jessica began hanging out often.
Mark and Jessica came to an amusement park.
Mark and Jessica can't be friends anymore.
Mark and Jessica combined their businesses.
Mark and Jessica decided to break up again.
Mark and Jessica finally had a normal conversation.
Mark and Jessica fought all the time.
Mark and Jessica had a fight and she left.
Mark and Jessica had problems for a long time.
Mark and Jessica had to compete for territory and customers.
Mark and Jessica have fallen in love with each other.
Mark and Jessica lost touch with each other.
Mark and Jessica often hung out in the yard.
Mark and Jessica promised to stay in touch.
Mark and Jessica shared forty years together.
Mark and Jessica shared kids.
Mark and Jessica shared love and children.
Mark and Jessica shared love and sex.
Mark and Jessica should really spend some time together.
Mark and Jessica still loved each other.
Mark and Jessica tried to put Walid's T-shirt on together and they succeeded.
Mark and Jessica used to get along so well.
Mark and Jessica were at the same school.
Mark and Jessica were beating each other.
Mark and Jessica were fighting the whole way home.
Mark and Jessica were miserable together.
Mark and Jessica were so excited that they even hugged.
Mark and Jessica were such a beautiful couple.
Mark and Jessica will always be together.
Mark and Leonor broke off their relationship.
Mark and Paul are my friends: one is a doctor and the other is a cobbler.
Mark and his dog went for a walk in the woods to enjoy the scenery.
Mark and his family go on a ski trip every year to enjoy the snow.
Mark and his family had goat meat for dinner, which was delicious.
Mark and his friends built a snowman in the park.
Mark and his friends were partying in the hall.
Mark and his wife snuggled up under a warm blanket and watched the snow fall outside.
Mark apologized for calling Jessica fat.
Mark apologized to Jessica for acting arrogant.
Mark apologized to the coach for letting the team down.
Mark appeared more confident.
Mark asked Jessica how her mission was going.
Mark asked Jessica over. He had prepared a romantic dinner.
Mark asked Jessica to be his girlfriend again.
Mark asked Jessica to distract Linda.
Mark asked Jessica to ruing Skura's wedding.
Mark asked Jessica to stay out of his room.
Mark asked Jessica to steal Skura's wedding dress.
Mark asked Jessica why she wasn't driving the car her parents had given her.
Mark asked himself for the hundredth time what the mistake had been.
Mark asked his teacher out on a date.
Mark ate longsilog.
Mark ate sweets.
Mark authors books for the academic community.
Mark avoided certain topics.
Mark avoids corporate jargon.
Mark became a legend in the world of fashion.
Mark became a member of the antiromantic club.
Mark became bonded with Jessica.
Mark became more and more detached.
Mark became more attentive.
Mark became more likeable.
Mark befriended Jessica's brother.
Mark believes that Jessica is a good person.
Mark blamed Jessica for things he had done.
Mark bought Internet bots.
Mark bought Jessica a cotton candy.
Mark bought a costume and spent several days working on it.
Mark bought that as a Christmas gift.
Mark brings cakes to work each and every day.
Mark broke things.
Mark brought a book.
Mark brought a gift with a note.
Mark brushed past Jessica and dragged her with him outside.
Mark brushed that off.
Mark built a snowman in his front yard.
Mark bundled up in his warmest coat and boots to go for a walk in the snow.
Mark came here in a festive mood.
Mark came here to make up.
Mark came to support Jessica.
Mark came to the diner to ask his parents for money.
Mark came up to Jessica's room.
Mark came up to the mirror and stared at his reflection with hatred.
Mark can be more successful.
Mark can decide how much he wants to keep.
Mark can do that after the holidays.
Mark can manipulate others.
Mark can pay for college.
Mark can practice medicine in Algeria.
Mark can reach his fluency goals.
Mark can still fix everything.
Mark can work through it.
Mark can write academically.
Mark can't be Kim Kardashian. He can only perceive himself as her or claim he is her, but he can't be her.
Mark can't be still.
Mark can't cope with all of that abuse.
Mark can't find his sketches anywhere.
Mark can't focus.
Mark can't physically distance himself from his co-worker who's a heavy smoker.
Mark can't take any more abuse.
Mark changed careers.
Mark changed his posture.
Mark changed his story.
Mark chose to be a respectable person.
Mark chose to take action.
Mark closed himself off from all his emotions.
Mark comes across as more confident.
Mark communicated with his hands.
Mark completely stopped paying attention to either me or Jessica.
Mark conducted a study on TED talks.
Mark confessed that he locked us all up.
Mark constantly checked up on Jessica.
Mark constantly makes excuses for Jessica.
Mark constantly picked fights.
Mark continually posted about his new promotions.
Mark continued reading backwards.
Mark continued the story.
Mark continued to do that.
Mark continues reading his book.
Mark convinced Jessica to create a new Instagram account.
Mark could have presented that differently.
Mark could see Jessica's yard from the window of his room.
Mark couldn't even eat a bite.
Mark couldn't remember where he had met Jessica.
Mark couldn't untangle his limbs.
Mark created a positive environment in the workplace.
Mark created the extraordinary life he deserved.
Mark cut Jessica's costume up.
Mark decided not to do anything special on Valentine's Day.
Mark decided that he wanted to be happy.
Mark decided to join the club.
Mark decided to repay the favor.
Mark decided to spend the night there.
Mark decided to steal Jessica's wedding dress.
Mark decided to work out at home.
Mark decorated his room just like Walid's.
Mark decorated his room with pictures of every trip he went on.
Mark denied that offer.
Mark deserved to feel safe at home.
Mark deserves so much better.
Mark deserves something just for him.
Mark did everything to cheer Jessica up.
Mark did it for love.
Mark did not actively lobby for the command.
Mark did quite the opposite.
Mark did something wrong with Jessica.
Mark didn't believe in love.
Mark didn't bother Jessica anymore.
Mark didn't check his phone.
Mark didn't even apologize to Jessica.
Mark didn't hang out with anyone else.
Mark didn't know Walid was such a jerk.
Mark didn't know any Jessicas.
Mark didn't know anyone who could be so fun.
Mark didn't know how to control Jessica.
Mark didn't know how to help Jessica.
Mark didn't know how to set boundaries.
Mark didn't know how to show his love.
Mark didn't know the whole story.
Mark didn't know which one to choose.
Mark didn't learn that growing up.
Mark didn't notice that when he spoke.
Mark didn't recognize Jessica right away.
Mark didn't send Jessica anything.
Mark didn't want Jessica to judge herself.
Mark didn't want Jessica to shame herself.
Mark didn't want to risk his own success.
Mark discussed the matter with his instructor.
Mark does believe Bigfoot is real.
Mark does not write in his native language.
Mark doesn't apply the knowledge.
Mark doesn't believe in love anymore.
Mark doesn't eat after four.
Mark doesn't even have social media.
Mark doesn't even understand academic papers.
Mark doesn't have to ask Jessica.
Mark doesn't have to go through that alone.
Mark doesn't have to tell Jessica.
Mark doesn't know how to love himself.
Mark doesn't know how to pick the people in his life.
Mark doesn't know what to think about that.
Mark doesn't like Valentine's Day.
Mark doesn't like to listen to complainers.
Mark doesn't need new workers.
Mark doesn't need to compromise his values just to please others.
Mark doesn't think that everyone is a good person.
Mark doesn't want anyone's help.
Mark dragged Jessica home.
Mark dressed his snowman up in a hat and scarf.
Mark drew several design solutions for the hall.
Mark easily loses his temper.
Mark encouraged others to do the same.
Mark ended up performing better than Jessica.
Mark enjoys creating chaos in the workplace.
Mark even saw Jessica rummaging through his things.
Mark exhuded self-confidence.
Mark explained why he was leaving.
Mark fed the dog.
Mark feels this might work for him.
Mark fell on the floor.
Mark fell over.
Mark felt busy all the time.
Mark felt depleted.
Mark felt he was being targeted by certain people in the office.
Mark felt insecure.
Mark felt like a moron.
Mark felt like a super villain.
Mark felt like he was falling behind.
Mark felt like shrinking.
Mark felt more hopeful.
Mark felt more powerful.
Mark felt really hopeless.
Mark felt small.
Mark felt stuck and not progressing.
Mark felt that he was making progress.
Mark felt traumatized.
Mark felt very ashamed and guilty.
Mark felt very sorry for Jessica.
Mark finds Jessica awesome.
Mark finds this very helpful.
Mark finished his coffee.
Mark focused on people's negative qualities.
Mark forced Jessica to do things that she didn't want to do.
Mark forced Jessica to go to the movies with him.
Mark forced Jessica to take responsibility for his failings.
Mark forgave Jessica right away.
Mark found Jessica talking with the doctors.
Mark found a discount coupon.
Mark found a place to stay.
Mark found an article online about the famous criminal.
Mark found out that Jessica had decided to join the club.
Mark found the strength to get out of bed.
Mark found those tips useful.
Mark frowned and said he was disappointed.
Mark gathered his things and left.
Mark gave Jessica a discount coupon.
Mark gave Jessica a task, but she didn't really understand it.
Mark gave Jessica gorgeous bouquets.
Mark gave Jessica money for new clothes.
Mark gave a presentation at work.
Mark gave a talk on the Renaissance.
Mark gave the foundation 400,000 dinars.
Mark gave up on romance.
Mark gave us one of the biggest donations ever.
Mark genuinely promoted unity.
Mark glared and walked the opposite way.
Mark got a stoma temporarily.
Mark got embroiled in Barbara's game.
Mark got mad at Jessica for spending time with anyone who wasn't him.
Mark got motion sickness on the ride.
Mark got to his feet.
Mark got used to the convoluted style of academic writing.
Mark grabbed Jessica and helped her out of the pool.
Mark gradually got used to practising.
Mark graduated from Harvard in 1991.
Mark grew up with physically abusive parents and caretakers.
Mark had a dream about a giant wolf chasing him.
Mark had a history of abuse.
Mark had a life like every other kid his age.
Mark had a short fuse.
Mark had a silly nickname.
Mark had flashbacks.
Mark had his phone on the desk.
Mark had never acted on the stage and he was ill at ease.
Mark had no money for a hotel.
Mark had no plans.
Mark had nowhere to spend the night.
Mark had several questions for his doctors.
Mark had the worst stomach pain.
Mark had to create an opportunity.
Mark had to repair the fence in the goat pen because the goat kept escaping.
Mark had to sheer the ewe's wool to keep it clean and healthy.
Mark had to throw the food all away.
Mark had to work in the diner more often.
Mark had to work.
Mark has a lot of clients who are introverts.
Mark has a tall and powerful posture.
Mark has already been to four different countries.
Mark has always been a loner; he prefers reading books instead of going to parties.
Mark has always been a loner; he prefers reading books rather than going to parties.
Mark has always been afraid of dogs.
Mark has an eating disorder.
Mark has an insatiable thirst for knowledge.
Mark has been right about Jessica.
Mark has come back from the restaurant.
Mark has deceived a lot of people.
Mark has emotional problems.
Mark has emotional regulation problems.
Mark has experienced abuse.
Mark has experienced violence.
Mark has gone too far.
Mark has internal wounds that he hasn't healed.
Mark has more money than you.
Mark has my book.
Mark has regular PTSD symptoms.
Mark has ruined everyone's social lives by creating or buying multiple social networks.
Mark has shared intimacy with Jessica.
Mark has some news.
Mark has the right to live his life.
Mark has to share space with some toxic co-workers.
Mark has to stay quiet about that.
Mark has to write a research proposal.
Mark hasn't even proven that.
Mark hated being at the hospital at first.
Mark hates Valentine's Day.
Mark held Jessica's arm during the argument.
Mark helped Jessica achieve high marks.
Mark helped Jessica find a job.
Mark helped Jessica finish her science project.
Mark helped Jessica get her mind off things.
Mark helped Jessica immensely improve her academic writing skills.
Mark helped Jessica integrate quickly.
Mark helped Jessica look more confident in how she presented herself.
Mark helped Jessica overcome her limiting beliefs.
Mark helped everyone who wanted to lose weight.
Mark helped professional to improve their careers.
Mark hesitantly nodded.
Mark hid Jessica's wedding dress in the bathroom.
Mark hid his feelings for a long time.
Mark hid the dog behind himself.
Mark hid the roses in the box.
Mark hired Jessica on the spot.
Mark hits on everything that moves.
Mark ignored Jessica's feelings.
Mark immediately noticed a girl with an unusual appearance there.
Mark immediately noticed that girl.
Mark immediately slammed the door in Jessica's face.
Mark immediately went to the kitchen and made himself a cup of coffee.
Mark immensely improve his academic writing.
Mark in red anything you don't understand and ask about it in class.
Mark in red anything you don’t understand and ask about it in class.
Mark incorrect answers with a red circle before returning the corrected exams to the students.
Mark insisted that he had never met Jessica.
Mark instantly knew that he messed up.
Mark interpreted the behavior of others as personal and malicious.
Mark invested in a small diner in Algiers.
Mark invited Jessica for moral support.
Mark invited Jessica to a cosplay fest.
Mark is Jessica's real fiance.
Mark is a farmer who raises goats on his farm.
Mark is a miracle worker.
Mark is a relationship coach.
Mark is a slow walker.
Mark is abusing Jessica.
Mark is addicted to that drug.
Mark is all good now.
Mark is an abusive person. Come on! It's not a tough pill to swallow!
Mark is an abusive person. It's not a hard pill to swallow.
Mark is an achievement addict.
Mark is an ardent football fan.
Mark is an avid football fan.
Mark is an endless multitasker.
Mark is an expert driver.
Mark is an honest, truthful and competent person.
Mark is an infomaniac.
Mark is being abused.
Mark is being discharged today.
Mark is childish and immature.
Mark is confident and prepared.
Mark is considered smarter.
Mark is constantly looking for the next goal.
Mark is crying because his mother is spanking him.
Mark is dating that disaster called Jessica.
Mark is delivering a valuable presentation.
Mark is delivering high-quality work.
Mark is evil beyond words.
Mark is extremely jealous.
Mark is feeling this now.
Mark is finally getting out of the hospital completely healthy.
Mark is financially dependent on Jessica.
Mark is getting ready for a competition.
Mark is going through that just like everyone else.
Mark is going to change Jessica's life.
Mark is going to have the conversation with Jessica.
Mark is going to the clinic tomorrow.
Mark is her brother, not her cousin.
Mark is interacting with a boss who is toxic.
Mark is just like the other boys.
Mark is learning to drive a truck.
Mark is leaving in a couple of hours.
Mark is no stranger to the stage.
Mark is not as excited and happy as he used to be.
Mark is not coming to Jessica's mansion anymore.
Mark is not healthy.
Mark is not running the show anymore.
Mark is now crippled by his social anxiety.
Mark is obsessed with learning and acquiring knowledge.
Mark is obsessed with love.
Mark is operating his own business.
Mark is perfectly healthy now.
Mark is quite an ordinary bloke.
Mark is really not that good person that Jessica thinks he is.
Mark is smart and good at his job.
Mark is so honest that everybody commends him for it.
Mark is so honest that everyone praises him for it.
Mark is so loving.
Mark is still being authentic.
Mark is struggling to connect with people in the office.
Mark is stuck with his identity, whether he likes it or not.
Mark is the one to thank for those gifts.
Mark is the salt of the earth, so he can be trusted with a secret.
Mark is unintentionally doing this.
Mark is working through it.
Mark is writing a thesis in political science.
Mark is writing an academic paper.
Mark isn't good enough because he hasn't done enough.
Mark isn't progressing.
Mark isn't willing to apologize for that.
Mark it on your calendar.
Mark joined this club because he wanted to be closer to Jessica.
Mark just came to see Jessica.
Mark kept Jessica guessing.
Mark kept active.
Mark kept coming back.
Mark kept having faith that Jessica was a good person.
Mark kept his daughter Jessica around as his psychological punching bag.
Mark kept his shoulders back.
Mark kept ruining Jessica's life.
Mark kept switching tasks at work to avoid the pain of boredom.
Mark kept trying to convince his parents.
Mark killed my social life.
Mark knew he did a good academic paper.
Mark knew he needed to leave.
Mark knew how Jessica felt.
Mark knew how to fix Jessica's mood.
Mark knew how to manage his emotional state.
Mark knew that Jessica had liked Walid for a long time.
Mark knows his worth.
Mark knows what he has done now and he will stop.
Mark knows, but doesn't do.
Mark laughs.
Mark leaned in to kiss Jessica in the presence of the kids.
Mark learn how to write academically.
Mark learnt how to love himself.
Mark left quickly.
Mark left the company because of the toxic environment.
Mark left yesterday, you will leave tomorrow, and I am leaving today.
Mark lent Barbara a sympathetic ear.
Mark let the dog eat the cake.
Mark liked spending so much time with Jessica.
Mark listened to Jessica play guitar on the balcony next to his.
Mark lived in a very stressful environment for many years.
Mark lives in Jessica's shadow.
Mark lives in a more prosperous country.
Mark lives near our house.
Mark looked absolutely shocked.
Mark looked at his watch and realized he was running late.
Mark looked at his watch.
Mark looked at how Jessica walked.
Mark looked directly into the camera when he was speaking.
Mark looked happier than ever.
Mark looked up at the stars.
Mark looks like a skin-covered skeleton.
Mark lost focus.
Mark lost his own sense of meaning.
Mark loved Jessica's cosplay.
Mark loved the book as much as Jessica did.
Mark loved to travel.
Mark loves to ski in the snow every winter.
Mark made Jessica doubt herself.
Mark made Jessica feel great.
Mark made Jessica feel responsible for his failure.
Mark made a fool of himself during the presentation.
Mark made a million dinars.
Mark made a new coffee.
Mark made burgers for dinner as usual.
Mark made himself a cup of coffee.
Mark made me an antisocial person.
Mark maintained a positive attitude.
Mark mastered his hand gestures when giving presentations.
Mark may not like this book.
Mark might like Jessica.
Mark might need to change.
Mark moved around like a ninja.
Mark moved away as quickly as he could.
Mark moved out of his expensive apartment in Algiers.
Mark moved to Algiers a year ago.
Mark my words!
Mark my words, detective.
Mark my words: I will become the greatest translator in the world!
Mark needed a decoder to decipher what Jessica was trying to say.
Mark needed to overcome his limiting beliefs.
Mark needs a strategy to control his students.
Mark needs motivation to work harder on that.
Mark needs to accept that this is an addiction.
Mark needs to be alone with himself.
Mark needs to be as specific as possible.
Mark needs to be aware of what he is experiencing in the workplace.
Mark needs to be more like Walid.
Mark needs to be with the people that he loves.
Mark needs to calm his nerves.
Mark needs to change the locks tonight.
Mark needs to do it in public.
Mark needs to effectively manage this.
Mark needs to figure out how he's going to deliver the news.
Mark needs to get a job.
Mark needs to get unstuck.
Mark needs to have a more powerful posture.
Mark needs to have healthy standards.
Mark needs to have that conversation with Jessica.
Mark needs to heal all the wounds he needs to heal from.
Mark needs to improve his academic writing.
Mark needs to learn to write academically.
Mark needs to level up his vocabulary.
Mark needs to meet an amazing person like Jessica.
Mark needs to move on in a healthy way.
Mark needs to reach out to people he trusts.
Mark needs to seek out the positive qualities of others.
Mark needs to start writing academic papers.
Mark needs to stop, take a step back and breathe.
Mark needs to take time to reflect on his life.
Mark needs to think about his own shortcomings.
Mark needs to work on his self-acceptance.
Mark needs to write a larger research paper.
Mark needs to write clearly.
Mark never noticed Jessica.
Mark never operates on impulse.
Mark never posted anything.
Mark never uses these words at work.
Mark nodded at Jessica.
Mark noticed Jessica glaring at him and felt guilty.
Mark noticed Jessica in the hallway.
Mark noticed Jessica leaving the hall.
Mark noticed Jessica, a famous model.
Mark noticed an unread DM.
Mark offered his help.
Mark often lashes out.
Mark only drank water that evening.
Mark only seeks out the good in people.
Mark opened a new tab.
Mark opened his very own foundation.
Mark opened the door to Jessica's room.
Mark overheard his parents talking about a divorce.
Mark perceived himself to be Kim Kardashian.
Mark performed in front of people.
Mark performed really well.
Mark picked up a book that was lying there.
Mark posted healthy recipes on his Facebook.
Mark practiced belly breathing.
Mark practiced that until he found the right balance.
Mark pretended not to know about anything.
Mark pretended to be happy even if he wasn't.
Mark pretended to slip and fall into the water.
Mark probably smelt of manure.
Mark promised to babysit his brother tonight.
Mark punctured the tires of Jessica's van.
Mark pursed his lips in displeasure, turned around and left.
Mark pushed Jessica away and ran out into the street.
Mark put Jessica in physical danger.
Mark put a carrot nose on the snowman's face.
Mark put all of his focus on setting up a business.
Mark put his arm around Jessica's shoulders.
Mark put the phone out of sight.
Mark put the spotlight on himself.
Mark put up a show.
Mark quickly came to open the door.
Mark raised his chin slightly.
Mark ran out into the street.
Mark ran out the door.
Mark ranted about it for days to his parents.
Mark re-read his academic article.
Mark read Jessica's secret diary.
Mark read widely in history.
Mark realized that his relationship with Jessica was unhealthy for him.
Mark realized what he had done to himself.
Mark really did love Jessica.
Mark received a pay rise.
Mark recorded himself speaking.
Mark redirected his negativity elsewhere.
Mark refused to let Jessica in.
Mark registered as a participant.
Mark regretted not having the opportunity to study Berber.
Mark related to that topic.
Mark related to that.
Mark remembered that Jessica had talked to Linda.
Mark reminded Jessica about the bouquets of flowers.
Mark reminds Barbara of herself.
Mark rented an apartment next to Jessica's.
Mark rushed into Jessica's room.
Mark rushed to the staff dressing room.
Mark said he was with Jessica.
Mark said hurtful things as a joke.
Mark sat there and waited for someone to set him out.
Mark saved Jessica from a dragon.
Mark saved Jessica's family.
Mark saw Jessica as confident.
Mark saw Jessica destroying Skura's costume.
Mark saw Jessica on a bus.
Mark saw Jessica stealing Linda's diary.
Mark saw Jessica's message in the chat.
Mark saw a family moving into the apartment next to his.
Mark saw a huge gift box in a corner of the room.
Mark saw the difference in Jessica.
Mark scolded Jessica as well.
Mark seemed familiar to Jessica.
Mark seemed trustworthy to Jessica.
Mark sent Jessica a Valentine.
Mark sent Jessica a gorgeous bouquet of roses.
Mark sent Jessica gifts when he was dating Skura.
Mark sent a bunch of Valentines to Jessica.
Mark served tables in the evening.
Mark set himself the next goal.
Mark settled down by a tree.
Mark should modify his plans based on this new information.
Mark should practice this before he starts speaking.
Mark shouldn't be in this relationship.
Mark shouldn't be trying to make the lessons longer.
Mark shouldn't have trusted his sister.
Mark shouldn't let Jessica treat him like that.
Mark shouldn't wait to be happy until everything is fine.
Mark showed Jessica a photo of the newlyweds.
Mark showed Jessica his Instagram.
Mark showed Jessica his costume.
Mark showed Jessica the sketches of his new winter collection.
Mark showed up to donate.
Mark showed up to help.
Mark showered Jessica with kindness.
Mark showered Jessica with promises.
Mark simplified his language.
Mark slammed the door on his way out.
Mark slouches and looks at the floor when he walks.
Mark smelt of manure.
Mark sold all sorts of fast food.
Mark speaks Latin, English and Japanese.
Mark speaks up whenever he comes across a bully in the workplace.
Mark spends his time writing in Berber.
Mark spends most of his days hunched behind a computer.
Mark spent all day in Jessica's room.
Mark spent all his free time practicing.
Mark spent all of his free time helping out in the diner.
Mark spent hours crafting the perfect centerpiece for the event.
Mark spent hours making the perfect snowman.
Mark spent the day crying.
Mark spent the rest of his time there with Jessica.
Mark spent the whole night crying.
Mark spoke for two hours.
Mark spoke in a relaxed way.
Mark spoke rarely, but effectively.
Mark stared at the stars.
Mark started coming there at the same time as Jessica.
Mark started daydreaming about dating Jessica.
Mark started doing Berber lessons.
Mark started getting bad marks.
Mark started preparing for competitions again.
Mark started preparing for the wedding early on Thursday.
Mark started taking on more confident-looking behaviors.
Mark started working hard.
Mark started writing academic papers.
Mark stayed away from Jessica, too.
Mark stayed home alone.
Mark stayed in Rome for a long time.
Mark still believes in fairy tales.
Mark stood in front of Jessica and shouted at the dog.
Mark stopped and took a deep breath.
Mark stopped being afraid of calories.
Mark stopped doing cosplay.
Mark stopped eating at all.
Mark stopped selling fast food.
Mark stopped studying.
Mark struggled so much when dealing with toxic co-workers that he ended up losing his sense of value.
Mark struggled with depression.
Mark suddenly came up to Jessica and asked her for help on a project.
Mark suddenly heard the fire alarm go off.
Mark suddenly rang the doorbell.
Mark suddenly saw Jessica.
Mark suffered from medical issues.
Mark surprised everyone with his exceptional skills and had more than one trick up his sleeve.
Mark surrounded himself with people who valued him for who he was.
Mark swaps between tasks.
Mark tactfully removed himself from any conversation involving backbiting.
Mark talked about his trauma in detail.
Mark talked about how bad his day was.
Mark teaches academic writing.
Mark tended to act with greed.
Mark tended to take his problems out on Jessica.
Mark tended to take smaller steps than Jessica.
Mark texted Jessica at specific intervals.
Mark the correct answer with a cross.
Mark the correct answer.
Mark the correct option.
Mark the correct statement.
Mark the important parts of the text with a highlighter.
Mark the most intense moments of Medea's inner torment.
Mark the right answer, please.
Mark the right answer.
Mark the words that you cannot understand.
Mark the words which you cannot pronounce.
Mark the words which you cannot understand.
Mark the words you don't understand.
Mark this day! I will win the race next year.
Mark thought Jessica really liked him.
Mark thought his sister would support him.
Mark threatened to beat Jessica during the argument.
Mark threw a bowl of rise at the nurse.
Mark threw the ball higher than he wanted.
Mark threw things.
Mark tipped the doorman forty dollars.
Mark told Jessica about his family problems.
Mark told Jessica everything he knew about Skura.
Mark told Jessica how irritated he was.
Mark told Jessica the legend.
Mark told Jessica what she deserved.
Mark told his parents he wanted to be a fashion designer.
Mark took fourth place.
Mark took his dog to the vet for a checkup and vaccinations.
Mark took his stuff and left.
Mark took his things and left.
Mark took on a bold posture.
Mark took part in the design competition.
Mark took the book.
Mark tore Jessica's Valentine up.
Mark touched the balloon and it burst.
Mark trained himself to seek out the good qualities of others.
Mark trained his goat to do tricks like jumping over small obstacles.
Mark tried his willpower muscle.
Mark tried to be likeable.
Mark tried to explain himself, but Jessica wouldn't listen to him.
Mark tried to hide the bouquet behind his back.
Mark tried to look for mistakes.
Mark tried to sneakily watch Jessica.
Mark tried to steal a hot dog from a street vendor.
Mark tried to take revenge on Jessica.
Mark truly shocked Jessica.
Mark twisted his ankle and fell.
Mark used black coal for the snowman's eyes and mouth.
Mark used gestures that were very purposeful.
Mark used many abusive tactics on Jessica.
Mark used the discount coupon.
Mark used the last of his money to buy some fast food.
Mark used to teach Berber.
Mark uses simple sentences.
Mark uses those gestures for dramatic effect.
Mark usually has nervous thoughts.
Mark walked faster.
Mark walked in to talk to Jessica.
Mark walked into the locker room.
Mark walked into the restaurant, too.
Mark walked towards the sound.
Mark walked with confidence.
Mark wanted Jessica around all the time.
Mark wanted those traitors to pay.
Mark wanted to avenge his sister.
Mark wanted to be a value to others.
Mark wanted to be recognized for the actual value that he contributes.
Mark wanted to be recognized for the value that he contributes.
Mark wanted to be single for a while.
Mark wanted to be single.
Mark wanted to be valued.
Mark wanted to become a cosplayer.
Mark wanted to better his life.
Mark wanted to boost his likeability in the workplace.
Mark wanted to change his look.
Mark wanted to continue doing cosplay for fun, not for fame'.
Mark wanted to control every aspect of Jessica's life.
Mark wanted to control how Jessica acted.
Mark wanted to control what Jessica wore.
Mark wanted to dive into that topic.
Mark wanted to feel significant and be accepted.
Mark wanted to gain absolute control over the situation.
Mark wanted to get off of the hamster wheel.
Mark wanted to get the romantic nonsense out of his head.
Mark wanted to get to the bottom of it.
Mark wanted to have a lot of subscribers.
Mark wanted to help Jessica out with her foundation.
Mark wanted to keep Jessica down.
Mark wanted to keep us in line.
Mark wanted to leave Jessica.
Mark wanted to live a fulfilling life.
Mark wanted to make Jessica feel small.
Mark wanted to ruin Jessica's wedding.
Mark wanted to talk about his big ideas.
Mark wanted to touch on that topic.
Mark wants Jessica to spend the evening with him and his boring friends.
Mark wants to be happy.
Mark wants to figure out how this works.
Mark wants to fit into his old clothes again.
Mark wants to make sense of this difficult situation.
Mark wants to mess with us.
Mark wants to see Jessica someday.
Mark wants to take the majority of the money.
Mark was a man of his word and always had more than one trick up his sleeve to fulfill his promises.
Mark was a master of improvisation and had more than one trick up his sleeve when things didn't go as planned.
Mark was a raging alcoholic.
Mark was a work horse on his construction crew.
Mark was able to resist the temptation to check the phone.
Mark was about to call his parents.
Mark was afraid for his life.
Mark was afraid of being alone.
Mark was afraid to leave his obnoxious brother with his guests.
Mark was always angry.
Mark was always prepared for any situation and had more than one trick up his sleeve.
Mark was always reading.
Mark was always ready for the unexpected and had more than one trick up his sleeve to handle it.
Mark was an experienced speaker.
Mark was angry simply because Jessica referred to him as a man.
Mark was athletic.
Mark was attached to his phone.
Mark was aware that he could do something about it.
Mark was becoming more and more emotionally numb?
Mark was big and strong.
Mark was born with confidence.
Mark was clearly flustered.
Mark was close to burning out.
Mark was coming back home from practice.
Mark was confident in his abilities and had more than one trick up his sleeve to prove it.
Mark was connected to Jessica.
Mark was considered for a promotion.
Mark was continually busy.
Mark was counting the days.
Mark was crippled by his depression.
Mark was crying on the way to school.
Mark was curious and had an open mind.
Mark was determined to build the best snowman in the neighborhood.
Mark was diagnosed with Krohn's.
Mark was dragged into that by peer pressure.
Mark was eating delicious food.
Mark was eating healthy food.
Mark was emotionally unavailable.
Mark was emotionally unpredictable.
Mark was experiencing a trauma bond.
Mark was exposed to toxic co-workers.
Mark was exuding confidence.
Mark was falling behind at school.
Mark was flirting with several girls at the same time.
Mark was focused on what other people thought of him.
Mark was fuming with rage when he left.
Mark was going back.
Mark was going through that process.
Mark was happy to have someone close to his age to talk to.
Mark was in a restaurant warehouse.
Mark was in charge of creating the centerpiece for the party.
Mark was in front of an audience, feeling nervous.
Mark was involved by the gossip by simply being a listener.
Mark was laughing at Jessica's jokes.
Mark was laughing, but helped Jessica up.
Mark was looking for spelling mistakes.
Mark was more attractive.
Mark was more likely to secure a promotion.
Mark was not progressing.
Mark was not watching that on his phone.
Mark was outwardly charming.
Mark was pacing the hallway, thinking.
Mark was passionate about self-development.
Mark was passive-aggressive to Jessica all the time.
Mark was perceived as a threat.
Mark was physically abused as a child.
Mark was physically abused when growing up.
Mark was physically abused.
Mark was pretending to be happy for Jessica.
Mark was pulling away.
Mark was quickly gaining popularity.
Mark was quickly gaining weight.
Mark was quite happy with what had happened.
Mark was really nervous and anxious.
Mark was rude to the nurses.
Mark was running after Jessica.
Mark was running out of time.
Mark was secretly laughing at the boss.
Mark was selling hot dogs.
Mark was sent to a clinic for treatment.
Mark was serving coffee in a cafe.
Mark was shaking the keys, smirking.
Mark was small and weak.
Mark was so fat.
Mark was so overwhelmed with work.
Mark was so snappy and rude.
Mark was still having breakfast upstairs.
Mark was still trying to manipulate Jessica's behavior.
Mark was stunned by Jessica's transformation.
Mark was sure no one would come.
Mark was surprised to find a patch of snow still on the ground in late spring.
Mark was surrounded by people.
Mark was taking care of all the last-minute paperwork.
Mark was tempted to check his phone.
Mark was the one who got the loudest applause.
Mark was the one who sent Jessica the bouquet with a confession.
Mark was the person Jessica fell in love with.
Mark was threatening to kill Jessica during the argument.
Mark was throwing leaflets around.
Mark was too embarrassed to tell Jessica the truth.
Mark was too scared to talk to people.
Mark was trying to get what he wanted by force.
Mark was trying to work.
Mark was unattractive.
Mark was under pressure, too.
Mark was undervalued and didn't get any opportunities.
Mark was using eye contact effectively.
Mark was walking back home from the competition.
Mark was walking between the tables, carefully examining everything.
Mark was walking in the park when he suddenly saw Jessica.
Mark was wiping his tears.
Mark was writing a scientific paper.
Mark wasn't always like that.
Mark wasn't any good at that, so he decided to stop.
Mark wasn't well trained in writing.
Mark wasted his whole life on that.
Mark went back to his old life.
Mark went to Mom and Dad's room.
Mark will be moving back to Algeria.
Mark will be over the moon if you helped him.
Mark will come for a checkup in a few months.
Mark will notice and will remember.
Mark will sell the car.
Mark witnessed that as a child.
Mark woke up late this morning.
Mark won't ask Jessica out.
Mark won't be able to really ever change that.
Mark won't fall into the water.
Mark won't have a job anymore starting March 31st.
Mark worked so hard to impress others.
Mark worked with Jessica on relaxation training.
Mark worked with clients who were introverts.
Mark worked with students.
Mark works only for money.
Mark would have had more chances of winning.
Mark would have taken Jessica's side anyways.
Mark would love to join the foundation.
Mark wouldn't have believed it either.
Mark wouldn't have dreamt of that before.
Mark writes for academic consumption.
Mark writes for international consumption.
Mark writes his academic papers obscurely.
Mark writes obscurely in his academic papers.
Mark wrote Jessica horrible comments.
Mark wrote a book about physical abuse.
Mark wrote a book on that mental illness.
Mark wrote a letter to his wife and gave it to Vassili to take to her, and this was what was in the letter: 'When the bearer of this arrives, take him into the soap factory, and when you pass near the great boiler, push him in. If you don't obey my orders I shall be very angry, for this young man is a bad fellow who is sure to ruin us all if he lives.'
Mark wrote a powerful resume.
Mark wrote a truly engaging and excellent academic paper.
Mark wrote about what he was experiencing.
Mark wrote journal articles.
Mark wrote papers in my classes.
Mark yelled at everyone who spoke to him.
Mark your maximum efforts.
Mark's academic paper was absolutely amazing.
Mark's academic paper was an epic fail.
Mark's academic paper wasn't well written at all.
Mark's article sounds more academic.
Mark's articles are for the academic community.
Mark's attention to detail and his ability to have more than one trick up his sleeve made him a reliable partner.
Mark's attention to detail was evident in the intricate centerpiece he created for the birthday party.
Mark's audience is the academic community.
Mark's behavior in the workplace is so irrational and destructive.
Mark's bills will keep getting higher.
Mark's book is very interesting.
Mark's boss appreciated his problem-solving skills and his ability to have more than one trick up his sleeve.
Mark's car got stuck in the snow, so he had to call a tow truck.
Mark's car is called "Thunder Giant".
Mark's car slid on the icy snow, but he was able to regain control and keep driving.
Mark's cat is small, black, and very loving.
Mark's centerpiece for the party was the talk of the night.
Mark's centerpiece really set the tone for the entire event.
Mark's centerpiece was the perfect complement to the elegant decor.
Mark's centerpiece was the perfect finishing touch to the already beautiful room.
Mark's club was closed.
Mark's colleagues were impressed by his creativity and his ability to have more than one trick up his sleeve.
Mark's communicative skills are shockingly terrible.
Mark's cosplay costume was completely ruined.
Mark's costume was hung in the locker.
Mark's creativity and his ability to have more than one trick up his sleeve earned him many accolades.
Mark's creativity really shone through in the centerpiece he designed for the party.
Mark's dog loves to play in the snow, but he always gets snow all over the house.
Mark's dream is to climb a snow-covered mountain and reach the summit.
Mark's emotional abuse undermined Jessica's sense of self-worth.
Mark's explanation was a hard pill to swallow.
Mark's face was turning red.
Mark's family didn't support him.
Mark's favorite winter activity is snowboarding.
Mark's fingers and toes were numb from playing in the snow for too long.
Mark's foolery is already making Rosa sick.
Mark's foundation became known globally.
Mark's friends relied on him because he always had more than one trick up his sleeve to solve their problems.
Mark's gestures are extremely deliberate.
Mark's gestures were quite destracting.
Mark's goat has a white coat and brown eyes.
Mark's goat is a rare breed that is known for its high milk production.
Mark's goat is pregnant and will give birth soon.
Mark's goat is very intelligent and learns quickly.
Mark's heart rate increased.
Mark's heart was beating out of his chest.
Mark's interactions with Jessica have always been positive.
Mark's kids love to go sledding in the snow.
Mark's look projects self-esteem.
Mark's masterpiece of a centerpiece was the center of attention at the party.
Mark's neighbor complained about the goat's bleating keeping them awake at night.
Mark's neighbors complimented him on his snowman-building skills.
Mark's nerves and anxiety completely took over.
Mark's opponents underestimated him, but he had more than one trick up his sleeve to surprise them.
Mark's parents got a divorce.
Mark's parents were afraid their business would fail.
Mark's parents were struggling.
Mark's parents weren't severely abusive.
Mark's personal life is none of Jessica's business.
Mark's phone has become like a limb.
Mark's phone was on silent.
Mark's relationship with Jessica has become like a drug addiction.
Mark's resourcefulness and his ability to have more than one trick up his sleeve made him stand out from the crowd.
Mark's science project was lying on the desk.
Mark's snowman was so big, it blocked the view of his house.
Mark's snowman was so well-made, it lasted for weeks.
Mark's snowman was the envy of all his friends.
Mark's snowman-building skills were the talk of the school.
Mark's success was not by chance, he always had more than one trick up his sleeve.
Mark's talent was not limited to a single skill, he had more than one trick up his sleeve to showcase his abilities.
Mark's team trusted him because he had more than one trick up his sleeve to tackle any challenge.
Mark's unique vision for the centerpiece made the event extra special.
Mark's voice is more pleasant to listen to.
Mark's walk projects confidence.
Mark's wedding is ruined.
Mark's weekend plans were ruined because of the weather.
Mark's words surprised Jessica.
Markdown is a markup language, but a very readable one.
Marker first started working with cheetahs in the early 1970s, when she ran a wildlife park in the state of Oregon.
Marker now breeds and trains the guarding dogs, which don’t herd, but simply put themselves between the livestock and any predators.
Marker started working with local farming communities to find ways to protect their livestock from the big cats.
Marker traveled to Namibia - a southern African country which is home to the world’s largest wild cheetah population - to learn as much about the species as she could.
Market Square is the historic centre of the city.
Market capitalism is always to blame for society's injuries.
Marketing that targets children should be strongly regulated.
Markets are nervous about another volley of tariff threats from President Donald Trump that would hit German cars and French wine, among other things.
Markets make a good servant, a bad master and a terrible religion.
Markets were in a slump Monday as impatience appeared to be growing among investors with the slow introduction of new COVID-19 vaccines and the slow pace of economic stimulus legislation.
Markku acted as if he hadn't heard me.
Markku and Liisa had just enough to keep the wolf from the door.
Markku at any rate is not to blame.
Markku badly wanted to have a son with a college education.
Markku felt that he had sorted everything out.
Markku frowned.
Markku had never had a one-night stand; it wasn't his nature.
Markku has helped me in many ways.
Markku is a really good friend.
Markku is for all the world like his father when he was young.
Markku is too clever by half.
Markku joined the local football club.
Markku likes to keep abreast of things.
Markku made eyes at Liisa.
Markku made his pile as a caterer for the well-to-do.
Markku never imagined that he would marry Liisa for convenience and stay married.
Markku never saw his parents again, or spoke of them.
Markku put his life on the line to rescue Liisa.
Markku ran up against strong opposition with his proposal.
Markku seemed pleasantly surprised.
Markku soon got the hang of driving the tractor.
Markku spends a lot of time watching television.
Markku stepped on the train.
Markku struggled to express memories he could find no words for.
Markku tried to put a spoke in Tom's wheel.
Markku wanted to comfort Liisa.
Markku was appointed professor of theology.
Markku was head over ears in love with Liisa.
Markku was head over heels in love with Liisa.
Markku was twenty-two and certain that he was the next Einstein.
Markku went with a neighbor to a nightclub.
Markku – who likes to fish – caught a large fish today.
Marko has a dog. His dog is very small.
Marko has bought a book, but I don't know which one.
Marks & Spencers is a well-known British retailer.
Markus is shorter than Mario.
Markus is smaller than Mario.
Markus should just shut his mouth; it's his own fault!
Mark’s book is very interesting.
Mark’s foolery is already making Rosa sick.
Marley is Tim's savior.
Marley was dead: to begin with.
Marmots are just chonky squirrels.
Marmots are large ground squirrels.
Marney is not alone in trying to give old things a new life.
Marrakesh is hotter than Paris.
Marriage and family, motherhood, fatherhood and childhood are protected by the state.
Marriage and relationships are slavery.
Marriage can be a wonderful thing if two people understand each other.
Marriage changes people.
Marriage customs differ by country.
Marriage does not happen in the same sept.
Marriage frightens some people.
Marriage has a higher regret rate than gender-affirming care.
Marriage has become a business.
Marriage has many pains, but celibacy has no pleasures.
Marriage is a banquet that begins with dessert.
Marriage is a beautiful commitment, and they're ready.
Marriage is a commitment.
Marriage is a community consisting of a master, a mistress and two slaves, making in all, two.
Marriage is a covered dish.
Marriage is a dinner that begins with dessert.
Marriage is a good institution, but I'm not ready for an institution.
Marriage is a harbour in a storm but more often a storm in harbour.
Marriage is a lifelong commitment.
Marriage is a lottery.
Marriage is a patriarchal institution.
Marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right and the other is the husband.
Marriage is a serious matter.
Marriage is a type of human rights violation.
Marriage is a unity made from love.
Marriage is an adventure, like going to war.
Marriage is an edifice that has to be rebuilt every day.
Marriage is between a man and a woman.
Marriage is bliss.
Marriage is for women the commonest mode of livelihood, and the total amount of undesired sex endured by women is probably greater in marriage than in prostitution.
Marriage is heaven and hell.
Marriage is holy.
Marriage is made in heaven.
Marriage is more than a marriage certificate.
Marriage is not a simple act in which two individuals sign a paper. Marriage is an act in which two people declare before the law, before God, and before themselves that they will commit themselves to being friends, partners, everything necessary for the other's life to be happy. That he or she will feel happy to see his or her loved one happy. That you are committed to the life of the person you are marrying. Marriage is not a military or electoral obligation: it is the declaration that two people love each other and want to share a life together.
Marriage is not pleasure, it is the sacrifice of pleasure, it is the study of two souls who will henceforth always have to be content with each other.
Marriage is not proscribed for rabbis; it's prescribed.
Marriage is not suitable to everyone.
Marriage is one thing and love is another. Love passes and the husband stays.
Marriage is one thing; love is another. The love passes and the marriage remains.
Marriage is out of the question!
Marriage is out of the question.
Marriage is significantly older than Abrahamic religion.
Marriage is slavery. I'd prefer not to be a slave.
Marriage is slavery. I'd rather not be a slave.
Marriage is the last thing on my mind.
Marriage is the main cause of all divorces.
Marriage is the main cause of divorce.
Marriage is the most amazing thing in the world.
Marriage is the tomb of life.
Marriage is the true fortress of bourgeois morality.
Marriage is the union of a man and woman.
Marriage isn't a subject that interests young people.
Marriage isn't really something that young people are interested in.
Marriage isn’t a subject that interests young people.
Marriage isn’t really something that young people are interested in.
Marriage lets you annoy one special person for the rest of your life.
Marriage or divorce change the marital status.
Marriage proposals flooded in.
Marriage shall be entered into only with the free and full consent of the intending spouses.
Marriage should be abolished.
Marriage should be mutually and infinitely educational.
Marriage succeeds only as lifetime commitment with no escape clauses.
Marriage without children is a tree without fruit.
Marriage, if one will face the truth, is an evil, but a necessary evil.
Marriage, in peace, is this world's paradise; in strife, this life's purgatory.
Marriage, in peace, is this world’s paradise; in strife, this life’s purgatory.
Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on earth.
Marriages are made in heaven.
Marriages are on the decline.
Marriages based on passionate, blind love seldom work out.
Marriages can be complicated.
Marriages, at times, can be pretty rocky.
Married couples can apply for the post.
Married for twenty years and nothing to show for it but a few photos, letters and receipts? How sad is that?
Married men don't do that.
Married people are happier than unmarried people.
Married people need a home of their own.
Married people sometimes wish they were single.
Married to an Italian, she lives in Rome now.
Married women are rarely kidnapped, because nobody's confident their ransom will ever be paid.
Marry a Muslim woman.
Marry first and love will follow.
Marry in haste, and repent at leisure.
Marry in haste, repent at leisure.
Marry in haste, repent in leisure.
Marry me and I'll make you happy.
Marry me and come with me to Algiers.
Marry me and let's go live in Algiers.
Marry me!
Marry me, Rima.
Marry me.
Marry merry Mary.
Marry? But you've been dating for less than three months!
Marrying Tom was a mistake.
Marrying Tom was the biggest mistake of my life. I wish I had stayed in bed all that time ago, as I had been planning to; then I never would have met him, I never would have fallen in love with him, and he never would have been able to ruin my life.
Marrying a white man or a black man?: It makes no difference to me.
Marrying someone from a different background or country will always be more problematic than marrying someone from your own.
Marrying you was the biggest mistake I have ever made.
Marrying you was the biggest mistake of my life.
Mars also contains lowlands which are found in the northern hemisphere.
Mars contains highlands which occur in the southern hemisphere.
Mars declared independence from Terra in the year 2302.
Mars doesn't have life.
Mars doesn't have plate tectonics like Earth does.
Mars had a magnetic field when it was young.
Mars has a large icecap at one of its poles.
Mars has a magnetotail that's unique in the solar system.
Mars has a very thin atmosphere made of carbon dioxide, nitrogen, and argon.
Mars has a very thin atmosphere.
Mars has about the same land area as Earth, which also has surface water.
Mars has about the same surface land area as Earth, which also has a water surface.
Mars has all the elements needed for life.
Mars has an egg-shaped orbit.
Mars has an invisible magnetic “tail” that is twisted by interaction with the solar wind, according to new research using data from NASA’s MAVEN spacecraft.
Mars has its own moons.
Mars has no magnetic field to protect it from the solar wind.
Mars has plenty of water ice.
Mars has some of the largest volcanoes in the solar system; Olympus Mons is over 600 kilometers wide and 26 kilometers high!
Mars has some of the tallest volcanoes and some of the deepest valleys in our solar system.
Mars has the largest volcano in the solar system, called Olympus Mons.
Mars has two moons, Phobos and Deimos, which have unusual shapes. Scientists think these potato-shaped moons were once asteroids captured by Mars' gravitational pull.
Mars has two moons.
Mars has two moons: Phobos and Deimos.
Mars has two natural moons.
Mars has two small moons, Phobos and Deimos.
Mars has two small natural satellites, Phobos and Deimos. They are highly irregular in shape and are believed to be asteroids captured by Mars' weak gravitational field.
Mars is "the Red Planet".
Mars is a barren desert.
Mars is a barren planet.
Mars is a barren world.
Mars is a cold desolate planet.
Mars is a dead world.
Mars is a desert planet.
Mars is a dry frozen world.
Mars is a frozen world.
Mars is a hostile planet.
Mars is a large rock with a thin atmosphere.
Mars is a planet.
Mars is a promising place where we may be able to live.
Mars is a red planet.
Mars is a sterile frozen world.
Mars is a very cold world.
Mars is a very inhospitable place.
Mars is about half the size of Earth.
Mars is all the more interesting for its close resemblance to our Earth.
Mars is also at its closest approach to Earth this week since 2003, making it appear bigger and brighter.
Mars is an inhospitable world.
Mars is approaching aphelion, its farthest point from the Sun.
Mars is bombarded by cosmic radiation.
Mars is called the red planet.
Mars is colder than Earth.
Mars is covered by a dirt which has a lot of iron. The iron makes the planet look red.
Mars is full of mysteries.
Mars is full of radiation.
Mars is half the size of Earth.
Mars is home to the tallest mountain in our solar system.
Mars is hostile to life.
Mars is inhospitable.
Mars is known as the Red Planet.
Mars is not a habitable planet.
Mars is not habitable.
Mars is not suitable for life.
Mars is often called the red planet because of its dusty landscape.
Mars is our nearest neighboring planet.
Mars is our neighbor in the solar system.
Mars is our next door neighbor.
Mars is red because of rusty iron in the ground.
Mars is red.
Mars is smaller than Earth.
Mars is so different from Earth.
Mars is the Red Planet.
Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun.
Mars is the fourth planet from the sun.
Mars is the fourth planet in our solar system.
Mars is the god of war.
Mars is the most similar planet to Earth.
Mars is too cold and dry for any kind of life.
Mars is uninhabitable.
Mars is very hostile.
Mars isn't a habitable planet.
Mars isn't sheltered from radiation.
Mars isn't suitable for life.
Mars lost its atmosphere.
Mars lost its global magnetic field billions of years ago and now just has remnant “fossil” magnetic fields embedded in certain regions of its surface.
Mars may have had life.
Mars once had oceans.
Mars resembles our planet in some ways.
Mars rovers help scientists learn more about the planet's surface and climate.
Mars underwent serious climate change that made it inhospitable.
Mars used to be a wet planet with a thick atmosphere.
Mars was a desert for many centuries of human colonization until terraforming was developed.
Mars was a warmer place than it is today.
Mars was the god of war.
Mars was the safest bet for human colonization.
Mars will be colonized.
Mars will be our next destination.
Mars won't be habitable forever.
Mars' armor was made by the Cyclopes.
Mars' atmosphere is so thin.
Mars' equatorial radius is a factor of 0.533 of Earth's.
Mars' surface is bone dry.
Mars's atmosphere is much thinner than Earth's.
Mars's atmospheric pressure is so low.
Mars's gravity is 38% of Earth's gravity.
Mars's moons are small and have irregular shapes.
Mars, son of Jupiter and Juno, was the god of war.
Mars, the red planet, is the fourth planet.
Marseille is a very important port of France.
Marsha, I am in the bathroom!
Marsha, I am in the kitchen!
Marsha, let’s go upstairs!
Marshmallows are a classic ingredient in hot fudge sundaes.
Marshmallows are a popular ingredient in many dessert recipes.
Marshmallows are a popular topping for sweet potato casserole.
Marshmallows are more delicious when they are roasted over a fire.
Marshmallows are one of Matthew's favorite treats.
Marshmallows can also be used as a decoration for cakes and cupcakes.
Marshmallows can also be used in savory dishes, like chicken skewers.
Marshmallows can be flavored with different extracts, like vanilla or peppermint.
Marshmallows make a great addition to hot cocoa.
Marsland says the mice that ate less soluble fiber had strong allergic reactions to the dust, including the presence of inflammatory compounds in the lungs and constricted airways similar to what’s seen in people.
Marsupials have pouches to carry their young in.
Marta Nunes, a research scientist at the University of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa, focuses primarily on protecting newborns from vaccine-preventable diseases.
Marta dresses badly.
Marta hugged her daughter one last time.
Marta is from Venezuela. She is Venezuelan.
Marta loves me.
Marta loves you.
Marta would give up all that was left to her, to make a smile appear on that little mouth.
Marta would never do such a thing.
Marta's black dress, which was clean, but worn, looked good, even though it wasn't new.
Marten are the most widespread and probably the most abundant of these predators in Southeast Alaska.
Martens have bushy tails and large paws with partially retractile claws.
Martha Berryman, the museum's director, says old photos helped to authentically restore the house.
Martha advised Rima on what cosmetics to use.
Martha always dressed very modestly.
Martha and Rima hated each other because of a guy.
Martha and Rima swapped clothes.
Martha asked Janos why he kept calling her "Cupcake."
Martha asked Yuri to walker her home and he reluctantly agreed.
Martha became a good nanny for Boldi's kids.
Martha became a part of the high school's fashion club.
Martha boosted up her style.
Martha came downstairs in a Shawi dress.
Martha came to show David her Shawi dresses.
Martha confessed in front of everyone that she was pregnant.
Martha couldn't resist sleeping with David when Walid wasn't there.
Martha danced in clubs for money.
Martha decided to take part in a very important beauty contest.
Martha didn't know how to tell her parents about her pregnancy.
Martha didn't want her husband to see her like that.
Martha didn't want to take off her Shawi dress.
Martha doesn't want her parents to dictate who she was going to spend the rest of her life with.
Martha dressed stylishly.
Martha dressed to stand out.
Martha feels she has married a war correspondent, not a journalist.
Martha felt like her husband was being unfaithful to her.
Martha finally decided to become an ordinary girl.
Martha finally found a guy who truly fell in love with her.
Martha found her favorite scarf in the closet.
Martha found out about her pregnancy when it was too late for an abortion.
Martha gently patted Yuri's hair.
Martha grabbed Rima by the hair and dragged her out of the room.
Martha had a long Shawi dress on.
Martha had a pink room and a pink bed.
Martha had a secret admirer.
Martha had unusually big feet for a girl.
Martha has always considered herself without exaggeration a real beauty.
Martha has always looked down on nerds.
Martha has been David's on-and-off fling for years.
Martha has been a stay-at-home mom for almost five years.
Martha has been using Gabor to see that guy.
Martha has recently had a baby.
Martha heard her father talking to her boyfriend.
Martha hid in her room and cried.
Martha immediately put on the ring and kissed Boldi.
Martha is a good big sisters.
Martha is a stripper. She dances around a pole and undresses for money.
Martha is a talking dog.
Martha is an amazing woman.
Martha is an excellent pianist.
Martha is more than just a pretty face.
Martha is super delicate.
Martha is the heiress of the companty.
Martha just needs to work her charm.
Martha kept receiving messages from her husband.
Martha liked that guy so much.
Martha looked like a princess compared to the other students.
Martha loves you.
Martha made her appearance the center of her universe.
Martha often won beauty contests.
Martha pole-danced.
Martha pretended to be a guy on a dating app.
Martha ran home to cry.
Martha realized that her fairy tale was over.
Martha revealed to Janos that she was his mother.
Martha sat on Janos's lap and fed him the cake.
Martha sat on her bed in her beautiful Shawi dress.
Martha saw Gabor's fist coming and she braced for impact.
Martha shared a room with another girl her age.
Martha shrieked with horror.
Martha slept like a mermaid.
Martha spent her days at home, crying and watching stupid TV shows.
Martha spun around the pole and danced.
Martha squealed with joy for her friend.
Martha started crying on Yuri's shoulder.
Martha started dancing and undressing.
Martha started doubting her beauty.
Martha started her course in nursing.
Martha stepped outside in her dazzling Shawi dress.
Martha stopped communicating with her boyfriend.
Martha threw her arms around Yuri.
Martha took Rima's job and her boyfriend.
Martha tried pole-dancing herself.
Martha truly believed in David's loyalty.
Martha turned sixteen and got a job as a salesman at a cosmetics store.
Martha walked like a model on a catwalk.
Martha walked out of the salon a completely different person.
Martha wanted a husband, not a toyboy.
Martha wanted a rhinoplasty and lip augmentation.
Martha wanted to find a life partner who would correspond to her social status.
Martha was dressed in one of her most expensive outfits.
Martha was forced to marry someone she didn't love.
Martha was going to cry at those words.
Martha was happily married to her husband, Janos.
Martha was in love with the handsomest boy in the world.
Martha was looking like a model.
Martha was nothing more than a pretty face.
Martha was stereotyped because she was blonde.
Martha was taken aback with Boldi's impudence.
Martha was the captain of the cheerleading squad.
Martha was the daughter of one of the teachers.
Martha was the happiest girl in the world.
Martha was told to strip-dance.
Martha was too curious for a maid.
Martha was unusually beautiful.
Martha was very lucky with her boyfriend.
Martha was wearing a provocative dress.
Martha was wearing a revealing outfit.
Martha was wearing cute fairy wings at the party.
Martha went through men's profiles.
Martha went to a beauty salon to get a manicure.
Martha wore fairy wings at the party.
Martha would never do such a thing!
Martha's Shawi dress was soaking wet.
Martha's Vineyard looks a lot like Sylt.
Martha's boyfriend is incredibly handsome.
Martha's dress was so heavy in the water that it was dragging her down.
Martha's jewelry went missing.
Martha's parents worshipped her like a deity.
Martha’s Vineyard looks a lot like Sylt.
Martial arts are not just about fighting. They're also about becoming a better person.
Martial arts have their limits. You just have to look at Bruce Lee. He was the strongest but he couldn't help dying.
Martial arts have their limits. You just have to look at Bruce Lee. He was the strongest but he couldn’t help dying.
Martial law has been declared.
Martial law has been imposed in the region.
Martial law was declared.
Martian atmosphere is toxic.
Martian colonists initially opted to build habitats underground and in domed enclosures.
Martian dust is called regolith.
Martians have conquered Earth.
Martians have occupied Earth.
Martians have taken over the earth.
Martians live on Mars.
Martijn is walking on the other side. He is on the other side of the road.
Martin Berkofsky was the driving force behind the Alan Hovhaness International Research Center, now being built in Yerevan, Armenia.
Martin Heidegger was a German philosopher, born on 26 September 1889 in Messkirch, died on 26 May 1976. He is best known for his contributions to phenomenology and existentialism.
Martin Luther King Jr. fought for civil rights for African-Americans by teaching nonviolence.
Martin Luther King spent his life seeking justice.
Martin Luther King was assassinated in 1963.
Martin Luther King, Jr. believed that white moderates were a bigger stumbling block to racial justice than the Ku Klux Klan.
Martin Luther King, Jr. carried a gun for self-defense.
Martin Luther King, Jr. persuaded the black citizens to protest peacefully.
Martin Luther King, Jr. supported positive discrimination.
Martin Luther King, Jr., a man of peace, was killed by an assassin's bullet.
Martin Luther King, Jr., a man of peace, was killed by an assassin’s bullet.
Martin Luther King, Jr., had won his first protest against injustice - peacefully.
Martin Luther King, Jr., was the son of a black minister.
Martin Luther was an antisemite.
Martin Luther's antisemitic rant "On the Jews and Their Lies" helped create the template for the Nazis.
Martin Scorsese is my favorite director.
Martin Scorsese is my favorite film director.
Martin and other lobstermen in the area sell their catch to local wholesalers and restaurants, like Luke's Lobster, a waterfront restaurant in Portland Harbor, which serves about 60 whole lobsters a day.
Martin is as tall as Francesca.
Martin likes to read not only entertaining, but also informative stories.
Martin says that he learnt Portuguese in one day.
Martin seemed very tired, didn't he?
Martin seemed very tired, didn’t he?
Martin, this shit just got real. Fetch the chainsaw.
Martina fears emotional closeness.
Martina really loved dolls.
Martina saw a platypus in Australia.
Martine had been working for a local TV channel while her husband was completing a PhD in psychology.
Martine has a dog. It is super fluffy and very cuddly.
Martine is secretly in love with Katrine.
Martino abducted Rima.
Martino admired the breathtaking scenery.
Martino admitted that he had been monitoring Rima’s computer.
Martino agreed immediately.
Martino agreed life should go as normal.
Martino agreed to do as Rima said.
Martino already has an elaborate plan to get rid of the aliens.
Martino also greeted Rima.
Martino and Melissa always got along well.
Martino and Melissa had a lot of conversation in Berber.
Martino and Melissa use the same Berber dictionary.
Martino and Melissa went to Algeria for their honeymoon.
Martino and Rima admitted they liked each other.
Martino and Rima bid each other farewell.
Martino and Rima both apologized for trying to kill each other.
Martino and Rima can’t get divorced because of Walid.
Martino and Rima discussed recent events.
Martino and Rima enjoyed some private time.
Martino and Rima had a short and joyful conversation.
Martino and Rima have to go separately to the station.
Martino and Rima planned to go to the caves together.
Martino and Rima shared a kiss in public.
Martino and Rima shared a kiss.
Martino and Rima slow-danced together.
Martino and Rima started to argue.
Martino and his family drove away.
Martino and his men arrived at the house.
Martino announced the arrival of Martians.
Martino apologized for breaking the news to Rima.
Martino appeared at Melissa's window and asked her to open it.
Martino appeared on TV.
Martino arrived about forty minutes later.
Martino arrived and was met by Rima.
Martino arrived at the North Pole.
Martino arrived at the hospital.
Martino arrived at the military camp.
Martino asked God for a sign.
Martino asked Melissa why she closed the curtains.
Martino asked Melissa why she wanted to learn Berber in particular.
Martino asked Rima if she believed in dark things.
Martino asked Rima if she knew Walid.
Martino asked Rima if she knew Walid’s address.
Martino asked Rima if she was kidnapped.
Martino asked Rima not to overreact.
Martino asked Rima to get out.
Martino asked Rima to help him go back to the future.
Martino asked Rima where Walid’s body was.
Martino asked Rima why she didn’t tell him about his real father.
Martino asked Rima why she invited him.
Martino asked Rima why she wanted to be a nurse.
Martino asked Walid to help him write a text in Berber.
Martino asked everyone to come to the city for aid.
Martino asked for Rima’s file.
Martino asked himself why he wanted to learn Berber.
Martino asked his right-hand man to kill the girls.
Martino asked his secretary about her whereabouts.
Martino asked questions about Rima.
Martino asked to talk privately with Rima.
Martino assured Rima he wouldn’t let that happen.
Martino attacked the alien.
Martino attempted several break-ins in the area.
Martino attends online classes to learn Berber.
Martino attracted the aliens to the barn.
Martino became insufferably arrogant towards his subordinates.
Martino became involved in politics.
Martino became suspicious.
Martino became the leader.
Martino become the leader of the group.
Martino began attacking every person around him.
Martino began celebrating.
Martino began killing everyone there.
Martino began packing to run away.
Martino began shooting the giant creature.
Martino began to realize that.
Martino believes an evil spirit killed Rima.
Martino bit Rima’s finger off.
Martino blacked out again.
Martino blacked out immediately.
Martino blew his cover.
Martino bought a PlayStation, too.
Martino brainstormed with Rima for a solution.
Martino broke the door and started chasing Rima.
Martino broke the wall.
Martino brought Melissa into the party.
Martino buried Rima in the backyard.
Martino called Rima "Mama."
Martino called his parents and they were home in twenty minutes.
Martino called the cops after that.
Martino came across Rima, an old friend.
Martino came back to life.
Martino came down to the basement.
Martino came downstairs to leave.
Martino came for guard duty.
Martino came in the apartment.
Martino came into Rima’s office.
Martino came out of hiding and scared Rima.
Martino came out of the closet.
Martino came out of the wreckage.
Martino came out to look at the truck.
Martino came to comfort Rima.
Martino camped near the lake called Dhaya, in the area of Tamesguida, in Medea, Algeria.
Martino can conduct his own research.
Martino can only look and cry as the legionnaires beat Rima up.
Martino can read Berber quickly.
Martino can see clearly.
Martino can stay home.
Martino can still see through the door, but it's blurry.
Martino can still see.
Martino carried Rima's suitcase.
Martino carried out the orders.
Martino caught Rima staring at Walid and smiling.
Martino caught up with the soldiers.
Martino challenged Walid to a boxing match.
Martino changed into Walid again.
Martino checked Rima’s ID.
Martino checked everywhere and saw nothing.
Martino checked if Rima was OK.
Martino claimed Rima attacked him.
Martino closed the trap door.
Martino collected all the life jackets and threw them overboard.
Martino collected discarded condoms.
Martino comforted Rima.
Martino compared the photos.
Martino complained about the damage to his car.
Martino conducted some research.
Martino continued eating.
Martino continued forward to the city.
Martino continued to chase after Rima.
Martino continued to drive away from the area.
Martino continued to talk about Rima.
Martino continued to watch Melissa.
Martino controlled Rima’s mind.
Martino could not have written the letter in a coma.
Martino could only watch with sadness as Rima was beaten up by the legionnaires.
Martino couldn't hear anything Melissa was doing downstairs.
Martino couldn't make out any details of the intruder.
Martino couldn't quite tell where that noise was coming from.
Martino covered Rima with a blanket.
Martino covered himself with a few blankets and closed his eyes.
Martino cremated his father.
Martino crept towards the window.
Martino decided that he would go down and see for himself.
Martino decided that he wouldn't go to the party.
Martino decided to bury Rima.
Martino decided to buy some time by giving a speech.
Martino decided to celebrate his victory.
Martino decided to do some experimenting of his own.
Martino decided to enter the contest to earn some money for his family before his death.
Martino decided to go to the bank.
Martino decided to pick up where he left off.
Martino decided to push the button.
Martino decided to return to 2004.
Martino decided to search around the entire mansion.
Martino decided to stay for a couple of days.
Martino decided to take over.
Martino decided to text Melissa about the situation.
Martino delivered a letter to Rima.
Martino destroyed the alien creature.
Martino destroyed the surveillance cameras.
Martino devoured the food quickly.
Martino did chores around the house.
Martino did some research about the history of the house.
Martino didn't even help Rima up.
Martino didn't forget Berber.
Martino didn't get a good look at that man at all.
Martino didn't hear Melissa walking anywhere.
Martino didn't know how to use those Berber words he learnt from the dictionary.
Martino didn't know why Melissa would go down to the basement.
Martino didn't need to use the attic as a functional space.
Martino didn't notice anything.
Martino didn't retain most of the Berber words he had learnt from the dictionary.
Martino didn't see Melissa inside the room.
Martino didn't see Melissa leaving.
Martino didn't see anybody down there at all.
Martino didn't think the intruder saw him.
Martino didn't use the basement for anything.
Martino didn't want to make Melissa think that she had woken him up.
Martino didn’t appear to care about that.
Martino didn’t know what was going on.
Martino didn’t listen.
Martino didn’t show any remorse.
Martino didn’t take the children seriously.
Martino died a horrible death.
Martino died in the crash.
Martino died peacefully during his sleep.
Martino discovered Rima’s affair with Walid.
Martino disrupted the meeting.
Martino doesn't know how Melissa got in there.
Martino doesn't mix Arabic and Berber anymore.
Martino doesn’t believe a word Rima says.
Martino doesn’t believe in zombies.
Martino doesn’t have any regrets.
Martino doesn’t know anything about that medicine.
Martino doesn’t know how to express his emotions.
Martino doesn’t know if those aliens are hostile.
Martino donated his car.
Martino dragged Rima’s body away.
Martino drove away as he called the cops.
Martino drove through the forest on his bike.
Martino drove to Rima’s father’s house.
Martino easily got injured.
Martino ended up bonding with Rima.
Martino enjoyed the experience.
Martino enquired about Rima’s outfit.
Martino entered a worm hole.
Martino entered his room and got his phone.
Martino entered the apartment.
Martino entered the attic and looked around.
Martino entered the factory.
Martino entered the room to investigate.
Martino entered through a hole in the wall.
Martino entered through the front door.
Martino escaped from the area.
Martino escaped from the gravitational field.
Martino escaped through the tunnel.
Martino eventually made it to the building.
Martino excused himself from the table to go to the bathroom.
Martino exited the vehicle.
Martino exited through a window.
Martino explained the Berber text word by word.
Martino explained to Rima why he ended the meeting.
Martino expressed his fears of not living long enough to be a grownup.
Martino failed his exam.
Martino fell asleep in the bathtub.
Martino fell back into a coma.
Martino fell off the cliff.
Martino fell over the cliff.
Martino fell to his knees.
Martino felt a little scared.
Martino felt even more scared.
Martino felt slightly better.
Martino felt so much better.
Martino felt something on his feet.
Martino finally opened his eyes.
Martino finally realized the seriousness of the situation.
Martino finished fixing the car.
Martino finished making wishes.
Martino fired a powerful shot that completely destroyed the alien.
Martino fired the laser beam right into the sky.
Martino flirts a lot with Rima.
Martino focused only on Berber.
Martino followed Rima’s car.
Martino forced Rima to jump towards the other side.
Martino forced Rima to leave.
Martino formed a connection with Rima.
Martino found Rima there.
Martino found Rima unconscious on the ground.
Martino found Rima’s jacket.
Martino found Rima’s tape recorder.
Martino found a bird skeleton.
Martino found a black mask that he remembered wearing the day his father died.
Martino found a couple of shirts and pants in the closet.
Martino found a frog-like alien inside the closet.
Martino found a gun.
Martino found cockroaches there.
Martino found his father’s address.
Martino found nothing else that was strange.
Martino found out that Rima was dead.
Martino frequently attacked the communist party.
Martino gave Rima a lift.
Martino gave Rima his necklace.
Martino gave Rima some clothes and asked her to try them on.
Martino gave the aliens a warm welcome.
Martino gave the wheel to Rima.
Martino got a Nobel Prize.
Martino got a bad feeling.
Martino got a few groceries.
Martino got a headache.
Martino got aggressive.
Martino got back from school.
Martino got better, too.
Martino got closer to where Melissa was.
Martino got defensive when Rima mentioned Skura.
Martino got distracted by the noise.
Martino got electrified.
Martino got electrocuted.
Martino got hit in the last moment.
Martino got in an argument with his parents.
Martino got killed by Rima in revenge.
Martino got lost on his way to the bathroom.
Martino got mad and repeatedly hit Rima.
Martino got out of the car and started walking up the driveway.
Martino got out of the water.
Martino got pushed out of the door.
Martino got shot in the last moment.
Martino got to the front door, but didn't knock.
Martino grabbed Rima by her jacket.
Martino grabbed all kinds of weapons.
Martino gradually learnt Berber.
Martino greeted the doctor.
Martino grew up.
Martino guided Rima to a hidden room.
Martino had a basement with a bathroom in it.
Martino had a basement.
Martino had a chance to escape.
Martino had a disgusting goatee.
Martino had a roommate.
Martino had a scruffy beard and long disgusting hair.
Martino had a spare room.
Martino had black curtains.
Martino had nine lives.
Martino had some free time.
Martino had to get prepared.
Martino had to go out of town for work.
Martino had to read a lot of Berber content.
Martino had to study Berber.
Martino has already arrived.
Martino has already been killed.
Martino has already gone.
Martino has already left.
Martino has already returned to the future.
Martino has already signed away his wealth.
Martino has an announcement to make in Berber.
Martino has arrived home to reunite with his family.
Martino has become Walid’s best friend.
Martino has been controlling Rima’s body.
Martino has been living on his own since his parents died.
Martino has been recording the sounds for years.
Martino has been responsible for everything.
Martino has breached the facility.
Martino has got a new couch and TV.
Martino has improved his Berber.
Martino has lost his eyesight.
Martino has never had nightmares from those horror movies.
Martino has never seen the ghost.
Martino has no clue as to who Rima’s kidnappers are.
Martino has to finish his mission.
Martino hasn't been there for a couple of months.
Martino hasn't played that game in a very long time.
Martino hasn't seen Melissa since.
Martino headed to an old mining site.
Martino heard Melissa open the door next to his room.
Martino heard Melissa walk.
Martino heard Rima crying.
Martino heard a door open from downstairs.
Martino heard a door slam shut violently.
Martino heard a noise coming from downstairs.
Martino heard a sound from outside.
Martino heard a voice come from downstairs.
Martino heard a window getting smashed.
Martino heard an unusual noise.
Martino heard another noise that sounded closer.
Martino heard footsteps when he was trying to fall asleep.
Martino heard noises from downstairs.
Martino heard noises in the apartment.
Martino heard some details that were really creepy.
Martino heard some yelling come from downstairs.
Martino heard sounds coming from the coffin.
Martino heard the back door to the house open and shut.
Martino heard the basement door open.
Martino heard the cops enter the house.
Martino heard the door close again.
Martino heard the door to Melissa's bedroom open.
Martino heard the front door opening.
Martino heard the sound and sat up in fear.
Martino heard the terrible news.
Martino held the door shut.
Martino held the people hostage.
Martino helped the others get to a safe place.
Martino hesitantly took his German Shepherd out for a walk.
Martino hid in the corner.
Martino hid inside his bedroom.
Martino hid under his bed.
Martino hoped to figure out how to kill the aliens.
Martino hopes Melissa never comes back.
Martino ignored Rima’s call.
Martino immediately got defensive.
Martino immediately killed Rima.
Martino immediately recognized Melissa's truck.
Martino immediately took Rima away.
Martino immediately went into his bedroom and locked the door.
Martino infiltrated the crash site and was arrested.
Martino infiltrated the military base.
Martino inspired Melissa to learn Berber.
Martino interacted with Berber speakers.
Martino interrogated Rima.
Martino interviewed an Algerian astrophysicist.
Martino introduced Rima to his wife, Skura.
Martino introduced himself to Rima.
Martino invited Rima to lunch.
Martino is a Martian in disguised.
Martino is a funeral home employee.
Martino is a little boy.
Martino is a morgue staff member.
Martino is a professor.
Martino is a representative of the government.
Martino is actually a very wealthy man.
Martino is actually an illegal smuggler.
Martino is actually in trouble.
Martino is an Algerian biotech engineer.
Martino is being treated there.
Martino is going to study Berber later.
Martino is having breakfast.
Martino is jealous as well.
Martino is just fueling his daughter’s obsession.
Martino is learning Arabic and Berber at once.
Martino is much more fluent in Berber.
Martino is not coming with Rima.
Martino is not really welcome there.
Martino is now on the run.
Martino is now suspicious.
Martino is passionate about the Berber language.
Martino is still four miles away.
Martino is struggling to learn Berber.
Martino is struggling to speak Berber.
Martino is the caretaker.
Martino is the homeowner.
Martino is the specialist in charge of Rima.
Martino is weird, too.
Martino isn't afraid of making mistakes in Berber.
Martino isn’t qualified for the task.
Martino joined Lorenzo in a coup to unseat Flavio.
Martino joined Rima and Walid.
Martino jumped from the roof.
Martino just left the apartment.
Martino just played video games.
Martino just went to bed.
Martino keeps the giant carnivorous plants in the basement.
Martino kept a diary in Berber.
Martino kept following the road.
Martino kept having the same nightmare.
Martino kept hiding under the bed.
Martino kept playing.
Martino kept the bottle of water in the kitchen.
Martino kept the discovery to himself.
Martino kept using Berber with Melissa.
Martino killed Rima and kidnapped Walid.
Martino killed a bunch of Martians.
Martino killed a person almost every night.
Martino killed all of Walid’s men.
Martino killed every manager in the room.
Martino killed four alien soldiers.
Martino killed his enemies.
Martino killed the alien.
Martino killed the aliens.
Martino killed the bird.
Martino killed the insect.
Martino killed the president as well.
Martino knew Melissa was in there, hiding under the bed.
Martino knew Melissa's kids well.
Martino knew the mansion pretty well.
Martino knows Berber very well.
Martino knows a better method to learn Berber.
Martino knows there is no way to stop the aliens now.
Martino laughed at the judge’s face.
Martino launched a missile into the sky.
Martino learns Berber from YouTube videos.
Martino learnt the whole truth.
Martino left Melissa a comment in Berber.
Martino left Rima in the garden.
Martino left Rima panicking.
Martino left a like to help Rima’s channel out.
Martino left at about five pm.
Martino left begrudgingly.
Martino left his phone upstairs in his room.
Martino left the door unlocked.
Martino left the plants unattended.
Martino left the water park.
Martino left to chase after Rima.
Martino let the aliens free.
Martino liked Rima’s work.
Martino liked to play video games.
Martino likes to eat alone.
Martino listened to Berber all the time.
Martino listened, but didn't hear anything.
Martino lived in a typical rundown old college house.
Martino lived in the basement.
Martino locked the windows.
Martino looked around for Melissa and saw her.
Martino looked at his door and saw a white thing pass his room.
Martino looked behind the box.
Martino looked for Rima’s file.
Martino looked for a pen to write the number down.
Martino looked for the children in the field.
Martino looked in the mirror.
Martino looked over and that's when he saw Melissa.
Martino lost control and crashed into a building.
Martino lost his eyesight.
Martino lost his memory.
Martino made Rima mad.
Martino made Rima very proud.
Martino made Rima wear the mask.
Martino made a translating machine.
Martino made it all the way up.
Martino made the attic an extra room.
Martino memorized a lot of Berber words.
Martino met Rima before.
Martino moved back into the apartment.
Martino moved closer towards the man.
Martino moved the rest of his stuff into Melissa's apartment.
Martino moved to a new home.
Martino moved to a new state.
Martino needs to generate enough energy for the liftoff.
Martino needs to return to his own time.
Martino needs to think in Berber.
Martino never got hurt.
Martino never got lost.
Martino never heard Melissa come back.
Martino never left the apartment.
Martino never locked his front door.
Martino never returned home.
Martino never saw Melissa again after that.
Martino never spoke Berber in public.
Martino never tried to harm Melissa.
Martino never used the attic.
Martino never wanted Rima to know the secret passage existed.
Martino never went upstairs.
Martino noticed one of the worms splitting.
Martino noticed the door opening and closing again.
Martino noticed the word "death" spelt backwards.
Martino offered Melissa a position.
Martino offered Rima a staff bedroom to rest.
Martino only laughed.
Martino opened Rima’s coffin.
Martino opened the closet to show Rima there was nothing there.
Martino opened the gates.
Martino ordered Rima to come up with a plan.
Martino ordered pizza for dinner.
Martino overdosed Rima on pain medication.
Martino paused his game and went to investigate the house.
Martino pissed off Rima.
Martino planned to go to his father.
Martino planned to sacrifice Rima there and open up the doors of hell.
Martino played a few games with the kids in the living room.
Martino posts comments in Berber.
Martino practiced writing in Berber.
Martino practices Berber regularly.
Martino prepared for a diabolical ritual that he said would end the world.
Martino prepared to hit Rima with a sharp object.
Martino prepared to launch the missile.
Martino pretended that he didn't see the intruder.
Martino progressed faster in Berber.
Martino promised Rima that her daughter would be looked after.
Martino promised to visit soon.
Martino proposed to Melissa in Berber.
Martino provided Rima with everything she needed to get rid of the problem.
Martino provided water and food for everyone.
Martino pulled Rima away.
Martino pulled Rima into a hug.
Martino pulled back.
Martino pulled down the ladder.
Martino purchased an apartment.
Martino pushed Rima off the cliff.
Martino pushed Rima out of the door.
Martino put the machine on pause.
Martino questioned Rima about the vehicle.
Martino quickly came to Rima’s aid.
Martino quickly realized that the doors were shut.
Martino ran all the way to his truck and got it.
Martino ran back into his bedroom.
Martino ran back to the camp.
Martino ran back to the lab.
Martino ran back up the stairs.
Martino ran back upstairs.
Martino ran for shelter.
Martino ran for the door but it suddenly closed.
Martino ran for the elevator.
Martino ran for the front door.
Martino ran out to meet Rima.
Martino ran out to the living room.
Martino ran to the orchard.
Martino ran towards Rima.
Martino ran towards the cliff.
Martino ran upstairs.
Martino reached Rima’s home.
Martino reached Rima’s house.
Martino reached a nearby mosque where Rima was treated for her injuries.
Martino reached a seaside view.
Martino reached a small town.
Martino read Rima one of her favorite books.
Martino read a story in Berber.
Martino realized how bad the situation was.
Martino realized it was too late.
Martino realized that he had failed.
Martino realized that he had to sacrifice himself to stop the aliens.
Martino realized that something was wrong.
Martino realized that that man was in trouble.
Martino realized what was going on.
Martino really did see a man in the basement.
Martino received a call from someone.
Martino recognized the man as Walid.
Martino refused to come clean about his inappropriate conduct.
Martino refused to help Rima.
Martino refused to let Rima in.
Martino refused to let Rima take the candy.
Martino refused to let go of Rima’s arm.
Martino refused to listen to Rima.
Martino reluctantly accepted the water.
Martino reluctantly told Melissa that she could stay home alone.
Martino remembered Rima’s visions and drawings.
Martino reminded Rima that Walid didn’t exist.
Martino rented the apartment for another year.
Martino repeated himself.
Martino repeated the Berber phrases again and again.
Martino rescued Rima.
Martino retrieved Rima’s samples and files.
Martino returned to 2004.
Martino returned to Algiers after Melissa's funeral.
Martino returned to Rima’s home.
Martino returned to the command center.
Martino revealed the truth to his group.
Martino ruined Rima’s family.
Martino rushed again to the emergency room.
Martino rushed out of the room to find the detective.
Martino rushed over to the attic door.
Martino rushed to Rima’s rescue.
Martino rushed to follow Rima.
Martino sacrificed himself.
Martino sacrificed his own life.
Martino said he didn’t know Rima.
Martino said the necklace was from his mother.
Martino saw Melissa walking around outside his window.
Martino saw Rima staring at Walid.
Martino saw Rima unconscious on the floor.
Martino saw a box falling over.
Martino saw a dragon-like alien attacking the soldiers.
Martino saw a frightening alien creature in the forest.
Martino saw a giant statue there.
Martino saw a guy staring at him.
Martino saw a letter from Rima addressed to Walid.
Martino saw a man in the basement.
Martino saw a monster.
Martino saw a reflection on the TV.
Martino saw a suspicious man enter Melissa's house.
Martino saw an alien abducting Rima.
Martino saw his ex-girlfriend, Rima.
Martino saw his ex-wife.
Martino saw no one on the front porch.
Martino saw police arriving.
Martino saw several pictures of Rima.
Martino saw that blind woman.
Martino says it’s time for plan B.
Martino scratched the trap door.
Martino searched for his father.
Martino searched the entire apartment, but found nobody.
Martino sent a message back to Earth.
Martino set out to look for his father.
Martino shot Rima with a special gun.
Martino shot Rima with his special gun.
Martino shot at the massive alien monster.
Martino shot the alien with an experimental weapon.
Martino should take care of Rima.
Martino shouldn't be afraid of this.
Martino showed the alien microorganisms to Rima.
Martino shut the door slowly.
Martino sided with Rima and protected her.
Martino slept in the attic.
Martino slept in the shower.
Martino slept with an eyemask.
Martino smuggled items into the prison.
Martino snuck in and started to flirt with Rima.
Martino snuck out of Rima’s house.
Martino somehow survived the first alien attack.
Martino sounds more confident when he speaks Berber.
Martino speaks Berber more confidently.
Martino specializes in ivies.
Martino spent four to five hours watching Berber videos every day.
Martino spent too much time playing video games.
Martino spilled champagne on his pants.
Martino spoke through Rima’s mouth.
Martino spotted a meteor coming his way.
Martino spotted an attractive woman.
Martino sprinted for the stairs.
Martino stabbed the alien creature right in the mouth.
Martino started drawing dark illustrations.
Martino started firing at the aliens.
Martino started hearing footsteps coming up.
Martino started making bird sounds.
Martino started playing Call of Duty.
Martino started playing on the PlayStation.
Martino started smoking.
Martino started the experiment.
Martino started to focus more on Berber pronunciation.
Martino started to get to the attic.
Martino stayed hidden in the attic.
Martino stayed motivated to learn Berber.
Martino stayed the night in the castle.
Martino stayed there for a few nights.
Martino stepped into the spotlight and gave a speech.
Martino stepped off the cliff.
Martino still doesn't have any explanation for what happened.
Martino still has his eyesight.
Martino stole a policeman’s gun.
Martino stole some items from the lab.
Martino stood there, watching.
Martino stopped directly in front of the bedroom door that Melissa was in.
Martino stopped his therapy.
Martino stopped the fight immediately.
Martino stopped the robot.
Martino struck the meteor with a pickaxe.
Martino stuck his head out the window and yelled for Melissa to come back.
Martino studied Berber five hours a week.
Martino studied basic Berber grammar.
Martino studied flatworms.
Martino studies Berber and 5 other languages simultaneously.
Martino studies carnivorous plants.
Martino suddenly changed.
Martino survived the explosion with severe burns.
Martino suspected Rima of kidnapping that girl.
Martino takes notes in Berber.
Martino talked about Rima’s condition.
Martino talked about a Japanese science-fiction film.
Martino talked about the possibility of time travel.
Martino talked his student, Rima, about her poorly written essay.
Martino thinks Rima is the real alien.
Martino thought about his career and life.
Martino thought he heard a noise somewhere downstairs.
Martino threw Rima into the crater.
Martino told Melissa it was bed time.
Martino told Rima a story about himself.
Martino told Rima about Walid’s departure.
Martino told Rima he was angry with Walid.
Martino told Rima she was special.
Martino told Rima that Toronto wasn’t safer than the town she was in.
Martino told Rima to introduce herself.
Martino told Rima to search the house.
Martino told Rima what she needed to do.
Martino told Rima where to find her father.
Martino told everyone to vote immediately.
Martino told his father about it.
Martino told the cops.
Martino told the people to run and planned to sacrifice himself to stop the aliens.
Martino took Rima back to the infirmary to recuperate.
Martino took Rima somewhere to the forest.
Martino took Rima to edge of the cliff.
Martino took Rima to the meteor crash site.
Martino took Rima’s body outside.
Martino took a bottle of bleach to kill the worms.
Martino took a fluid sample from the meteor.
Martino took a picture of Rima.
Martino took a trip to visit his grandparents.
Martino took everyone hostage.
Martino took flying lessons.
Martino took full advantage of the situation.
Martino took intensive lessons in Berber.
Martino took one of the worms to study.
Martino took the baby from Rima.
Martino translated the Berber sentence word by word.
Martino tricked the aliens into thinking he was one of them.
Martino tried communicating with the aliens.
Martino tried the handle.
Martino tried to attack Rima.
Martino tried to distract the giant alien creature.
Martino tried to escape from his pursuers.
Martino tried to escape.
Martino tried to find a carnivorous plant.
Martino tried to flee.
Martino tried to guess the meaning of the Berber word.
Martino tried to ignore the bad feeling in his chest.
Martino tried to kill Rima before passing out.
Martino tried to kill the alien.
Martino tried to learn Berber by watching TV.
Martino tried to memorize the Berber dictionary.
Martino tried to respond immediately.
Martino tried to revive Rima’s still body.
Martino tried to shoot his gun.
Martino tried to sound like a native Berber speaker.
Martino tried to stab Rima.
Martino tried to take the gun from Rima.
Martino tried to turn on the switch.
Martino tried to win back his freedom.
Martino tried too hard to impress Rima.
Martino turned Rima against Walid.
Martino turned on a light.
Martino turned up the volume on the TV.
Martino understand his son, Walid.
Martino understands what is going on.
Martino urged the workers to stop the drilling operation.
Martino used his robotic arm to kill the alien.
Martino used that room as an office.
Martino used the attic to store old boxes.
Martino used the basement for storage.
Martino used the laser gun and burn a massive home into the alien’s belly.
Martino used to babysit when he was younger.
Martino used to meet Rima there.
Martino used to work at the army research facility.
Martino used to work for Melissa's uncle.
Martino usually went to his aunt's house.
Martino visited his parents’ grave.
Martino visited the crater.
Martino visited the site.
Martino waited about a week.
Martino walked around the city.
Martino walked away down the hallway.
Martino walked back down to the base of the stairs.
Martino walked back down.
Martino walked into the attic.
Martino walked over and opened the door.
Martino walked over to Melissa's bedroom.
Martino walked very quietly to the door.
Martino wanted to be a therapist.
Martino wanted to distract the alien.
Martino wanted to improve his Berber reading level.
Martino wanted to jump off the cliff.
Martino wanted to keep Berber fresh in his mind.
Martino wanted to keep on playing.
Martino wanted to keep the aliens away.
Martino wanted to keep things confidential.
Martino wanted to live an honest life.
Martino wanted to maintain his Berber.
Martino wanted to make more progress in Berber.
Martino wanted to save humanity from destruction.
Martino wanted to say something in Berber.
Martino wants pictures of the alien.
Martino wants to help them.
Martino wants to improve his Berber speaking skills.
Martino wants to improve his Berber.
Martino wants to learn Berber effectively.
Martino wants to learn Berber more effectively.
Martino wants to learn Berber rapidly.
Martino wants to learn more about that.
Martino wants to make his important announcement in Berber.
Martino wants to say something in Berber.
Martino warned Walid to stay away from Rima.
Martino was a door-to-door salesman.
Martino was a follower of Rima.
Martino was a furniture dealer.
Martino was a goth.
Martino was a recovering alcoholic.
Martino was able to dodge the bullet.
Martino was able to escape from danger.
Martino was able to protect Rima.
Martino was able to survive the explosion.
Martino was able to survive.
Martino was able to understand what Melissa told him in Berber.
Martino was afraid to go into the basement at night.
Martino was afraid to speak Berber in public.
Martino was all alone at the time.
Martino was allowed inside the site.
Martino was always afraid of the basement.
Martino was amazed to see those plants.
Martino was an aspiring firefighter.
Martino was an innocent civilian.
Martino was arrested for trespassing.
Martino was as quiet as he could be.
Martino was at Rima’s house.
Martino was at the casino.
Martino was attacked by Rima and her group.
Martino was attacked by the giant carnivorous plants.
Martino was attending a Berber virtual class on Zoom.
Martino was babysitting for some family friends.
Martino was behind all of this.
Martino was behind the shower curtain.
Martino was being examined.
Martino was bitten by a frog-like alien.
Martino was born immortal.
Martino was briefed on the patient’s details.
Martino was called back to his base.
Martino was captured by the aliens.
Martino was cleaning the apartment.
Martino was close to the edge of the cliff.
Martino was communicating with a faceless monster.
Martino was crying in rage and self-pity.
Martino was curious about what he wanted.
Martino was dead from cyanide poisoning.
Martino was diagnosed with cancer.
Martino was disfigured.
Martino was exiled to Siberia.
Martino was extremely angry at Rima.
Martino was facing the wall.
Martino was falsely convicted.
Martino was far away.
Martino was feeding his giant carnivorous plants.
Martino was feeling slightly relieved.
Martino was fourteen feet behind Melissa, slightly to the left.
Martino was going to take Melissa to the park.
Martino was happy with this.
Martino was heartbroken by Rima’s death.
Martino was home alone, minding his own business.
Martino was in a loss for words.
Martino was in his bed.
Martino was in no position to answer the door.
Martino was in the White House.
Martino was infamous for harassing Rima.
Martino was inside the coffin.
Martino was interested in astronomy.
Martino was invited with a few people to dinner.
Martino was just having a conversation with Rima.
Martino was just standing there behind Melissa.
Martino was killed by a giant carnivorous plant.
Martino was killed by a reptilian alien.
Martino was killed by the military.
Martino was living in an Arab country.
Martino was long gone when Melissa got there.
Martino was looking for a place to stay.
Martino was lying on his bed, watching YouTube videos.
Martino was no longer standing there.
Martino was not attracted to Rima.
Martino was not home alone.
Martino was on a secret mission.
Martino was on duty at the hospital.
Martino was on his way to the island to start a new life.
Martino was on the main level of the house.
Martino was on the second level of his house.
Martino was outside Rima’s house.
Martino was over at one of his friends' houses.
Martino was paying Melissa for that.
Martino was piloting a giant robot.
Martino was playing for something else.
Martino was playing games with a colleague.
Martino was poisoned by the plant’s sting.
Martino was preparing for his daily run.
Martino was quickly stopped by the criminals.
Martino was quickly surrounded by the aliens.
Martino was reading the periodic table.
Martino was really creepy.
Martino was really relaxed.
Martino was receiving treatment.
Martino was released, too.
Martino was relieved that Rima was alive.
Martino was right about the aliens.
Martino was safe in his bunker.
Martino was scared to go down there.
Martino was searching for Rima’s body.
Martino was shaking under the bed.
Martino was shocked to see Rima.
Martino was sitting on the bed.
Martino was sitting on the couch at his laptop.
Martino was sitting outside Rima’s room.
Martino was smoking in bed.
Martino was socked to see that the entire city was destroyed.
Martino was stabbed in the back by the alien.
Martino was standing about fourteen feet back.
Martino was standing by the boathouse.
Martino was still trying to make business.
Martino was still working at the hospital at that time.
Martino was stuck in a traffic jam.
Martino was sucked into the massive alien.
Martino was surrounded.
Martino was taken to a forest.
Martino was taken to safety.
Martino was taken to the hospital.
Martino was taking photos of the meteor.
Martino was the only one up there.
Martino was thrashing around.
Martino was thrown out of the vehicle.
Martino was told that the intruder was caught.
Martino was too afraid to turned around and look.
Martino was too scared to open his eyes.
Martino was trapped.
Martino was treated at the army base’s infirmary.
Martino was trying to escape.
Martino was up and ready for school.
Martino was using Melissa's attic.
Martino was very sure he saw something.
Martino was waiting for a meteor shower.
Martino was walking through a desolate place.
Martino was walking up Melissa's driveway.
Martino was watching Melissa.
Martino was watching Rima drink.
Martino was watching Rima.
Martino was watching TV.
Martino was watching a popular game show.
Martino was watching the footage of his sleepwalking.
Martino was wearing a camouflage baseball cap.
Martino was with the ambassador.
Martino was working at a casino.
Martino was working for a company in a new city.
Martino washed in the bathroom.
Martino wasn't scared of being in the basement anymore.
Martino wasn’t able to stop Rima.
Martino wasn’t embalmed.
Martino watched Melissa's son for her.
Martino watched TV and ate pizza.
Martino watched as the car exploded.
Martino watched the aliens land.
Martino watched the burning sky in awe.
Martino watched the lush landscape through his car windows.
Martino watched the tragedy on TV.
Martino went all around the basement slowly, but didn't see anything strange at all.
Martino went back into the attic.
Martino went back to his apartment.
Martino went back to his room and kept playing.
Martino went back upstairs.
Martino went down into the unfinished basement.
Martino went down to the basement to go to sleep.
Martino went down to the basement.
Martino went gambling.
Martino went his own way.
Martino went home to get his first-aid kit.
Martino went home to get some drinking water.
Martino went inside to eat.
Martino went on Google and searched how to pronounce that Berber word.
Martino went out to investigate.
Martino went outside his office.
Martino went to a nursing home.
Martino went to a radio station.
Martino went to his room as well.
Martino went to prep school.
Martino went to the back door.
Martino went to the cave.
Martino went to the doctor’s office.
Martino went to the living room.
Martino went towards the fence.
Martino went upstairs and left the house.
Martino went upstairs to check on his little brother.
Martino will be back tomorrow.
Martino will be having Rima on his show.
Martino will fight for Rima until the end.
Martino will get Rima’s number for Walid.
Martino will leave it to the professionals.
Martino woke up and realized what was going on.
Martino woke up from his coma.
Martino won the game.
Martino wondered why.
Martino won’t believe that.
Martino won’t see Rima anymore.
Martino wore a mask to blend in with the other cult members.
Martino worked from five am to five pm.
Martino wrongfully blamed Rima.
Martino wrote a few sentences in Berber.
Martino wrote a love letter to Rima.
Martino wrote a prescription then threw it in the bin.
Martino wrote a story in Berber.
Martino's Berber improved quite a lot.
Martino's Berber was very weak.
Martino's German Shepherd came up to him, all excited.
Martino's German Shepherd needed to go to the bathroom.
Martino's attic had a small staircase.
Martino's attic was very small.
Martino's basement felt like an actual room.
Martino's basement had a carpet floor.
Martino's basement was mainly one large room.
Martino's basement was one giant room.
Martino's basement was unfinished.
Martino's bed time was at eight thirty.
Martino's body was driven to the countryside and dumped into a gutter.
Martino's college was sort of rundown and very old.
Martino's curtains were open a little bit.
Martino's door got open.
Martino's heart started pounding.
Martino's heart was pounding really fast.
Martino's homework was done.
Martino's house had a little attic.
Martino's house was only one level.
Martino's story still gives Melissa the chills.
Martino's washing machine is in the basement.
Martino’s administering nurse is Rima.
Martino’s body remained lifeless.
Martino’s car has been found.
Martino’s car was found on the side of the road.
Martino’s dog barked aggressively at the alien.
Martino’s dog ended up dying.
Martino’s dog listens to Rima.
Martino’s engine suddenly emitted smoke, forcing him to pull over.
Martino’s father arrived to pick him up.
Martino’s father got out of the vehicle and asked Rima to join him.
Martino’s father is a bioengineer, too.
Martino’s hamster lives in the backyard.
Martino’s heirs won’t get a single penny after his death.
Martino’s henchmen tried to catch Rima.
Martino’s house was infested by rats.
Martino’s lab has been ransacked.
Martino’s lab is in ruins.
Martino’s mission is at risk of failing.
Martino’s mission isn’t over yet.
Martino’s mother is also coming.
Martino’s phone rang.
Martino’s plane crashed into the giant alien monster’s mouth.
Martino’s radio reported an alien attack.
Martino’s rehab nurse is Rima.
Martino’s robot flew off.
Martino’s robot is not programmed to the sense of humor.
Martino’s robot was fixed.
Martino’s robot was reprogrammed to have a sense of humor.
Martino’s son hasn’t been home in four nights.
Martino’s vehicle was taken to the barn.
Marty Knowlton and co-founder David Bianco eventually combined those two concepts to create Elderhostel. Over the years, the basic idea has remained the same. Enrollment costs are affordable, and accommodations often in college dormitories or local hotels are comfortable but not luxurious. There have been innovations as well, however, including intergenerational programs for the elderly and their grandchildren.
Marty would only use pork tenderloin in his world-famous goulash.
Martyna is a native of WrocÅ‚aw.
Martyna is a native of Wrocław.
Maru crawled out from under the table.
Maruyama Park is a place where a lot of people gather.
Marvellous.
Marvin and Velma were unable to attend the wedding.
Marx and Engels were prophets.
Marx and Engels weren't prophets.
Marx bears no responsibility for the crimes of communist regimes, just as Christ bears none for the cruelties of the Inquisition.
Marx is a German philosopher and economist.
Marx saw in Balzac the processes of industrialization.
Marx's son-in-law suggested a great many people were hard at work doing things better not done.
Marxism isn't scientific unless it permits revision.
Marxist philosophy holds that the most important problem does not lie in understanding the laws of the objective world and thus being able to explain it, but in applying the knowledge of these laws actively to change the world.
Mary - the same girl from the apartment opposite.
Mary Cavendish laid her hand upon my arm.
Mary Ellen was tall, blonde, and beautiful.
Mary Elton, the rector's only child, a sweet maiden of twenty-two summers stood at the window of her pretty chamber, looking out upon the wonderful picture which frost and sunshine, with the long stretch of valley, and distant wood-clad hills, had made for her.
Mary Hansen was an Australian musician and a member of the group Stereolab.
Mary Hat was in New Orleans this week.
Mary Jackson has become an old lady.
Mary Jackson is a famous actress.
Mary Jackson was her real name.
Mary Jackson was truly a splendid lady.
Mary Jackson wasn't her real name.
Mary Jackson works here, doesn't she?
Mary Mitchell suggested that I pay the remainder of the sum by the end of the week.
Mary abandons her children.
Mary abhors violence.
Mary abstains from alcohol.
Mary abuses her political power.
Mary accelerated.
Mary accepted Tom's flowers.
Mary accepted everything without complaining.
Mary accepted the job they offered her.
Mary accepted the marriage proposal without hesitation.
Mary accepted the money Tom offered her.
Mary accepted the terms.
Mary accepts it.
Mary accidentally brushed Tom's shoulder.
Mary accidentally bumped into Tom.
Mary accidentally cut herself while peeling an apple.
Mary accidentally locked herself in the wine cellar.
Mary accidentally locked herself out of her office.
Mary accidentally put Tom's mobile phone through the wash.
Mary accidentally shot herself in the foot.
Mary accidentally shot herself last night.
Mary accidentally shot herself.
Mary accompanied her daughter to school.
Mary accused Tom of being unfaithful to her.
Mary accused Tom of cheating on her, but he strenuously denied it.
Mary accused Tom of having lied to her.
Mary accused Tom of making intentional mistakes to attract her attention.
Mary accused Tom of slander.
Mary accused Tom of stealing her bicycle.
Mary accused Tom of stealing her computer.
Mary accused Tom of stealing her money, but he denied it.
Mary accused Tom of stealing her money.
Mary accused Tom of theft.
Mary accused Tom unfairly.
Mary accused me of stealing her earrings.
Mary aced all her tests.
Mary acknowledged she was upset.
Mary acknowledged that she'd made a mistake.
Mary acted as if she didn't care.
Mary acted as if she didn't know Tom.
Mary acted as if she didn't know us.
Mary acted as if she hadn't heard me.
Mary acted as if she heard nothing.
Mary acted as if she knew nothing about it.
Mary acted as if she knew nothing.
Mary acted as if she wasn't afraid of anything.
Mary acted like she didn't know Tom.
Mary acted like she didn't know me.
Mary acted like she knew everything.
Mary acted like she was afraid.
Mary acted like she was not interested in Tom.
Mary acted like she was not interested.
Mary acted like she was scared.
Mary acted on her own.
Mary acts like she's exhausted.
Mary actually did it herself.
Mary actually did that by herself.
Mary actually did that herself.
Mary actually did that to herself.
Mary actually did what she said she'd do.
Mary actually didn't do that by herself.
Mary actually didn't do what she said she did.
Mary actually figured it out by herself.
Mary actually got Tom to dance with her.
Mary added Tom to her contacts.
Mary added almost 10,000 sentences to Tatoeba.
Mary added her husband's name to hers.
Mary adjusted the straps of her dress.
Mary admired her mother and wanted to be like her when she grew up.
Mary admired herself in the mirror.
Mary admires the masterpieces of Aztec culture.
Mary admits she does that.
Mary admits she often cries.
Mary admits she often does that.
Mary admits she was overwhelmed.
Mary admits she was skeptical at first.
Mary admits she wasn't happy.
Mary admits she wasn't sure.
Mary admits she's been doing that for a long time.
Mary admits she's cried.
Mary admits she's despised Tom since she first met him.
Mary admits she's done that.
Mary admits she's left early.
Mary admits she's under pressure.
Mary admits that she does that.
Mary admits that she often cries.
Mary admits that she often does that.
Mary admits that she was overwhelmed.
Mary admits that she wasn't happy.
Mary admits that she wasn't sure.
Mary admits that she's cried.
Mary admits that she's done that.
Mary admits that she's left early.
Mary admits that she's under pressure.
Mary admitted everything when the detectives confronted her.
Mary admitted everything.
Mary admitted her guilt.
Mary admitted her mistake.
Mary admitted it was her fault.
Mary admitted she agreed to do that.
Mary admitted she broke the vase.
Mary admitted she broke the window.
Mary admitted she couldn't speak French.
Mary admitted she cried.
Mary admitted she did that.
Mary admitted she did what Tom asked her not to do.
Mary admitted she did what Tom said she shouldn't do.
Mary admitted she did what Tom told her not to do.
Mary admitted she did what she promised not to do.
Mary admitted she did what she said she wouldn't do.
Mary admitted she did what she wasn't supposed to do.
Mary admitted she did what we asked her not to do.
Mary admitted she didn't cry.
Mary admitted she didn't do that.
Mary admitted she didn't do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what Tom said she had to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what Tom told her she had to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what Tom told her she needed to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what Tom told her she was supposed to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what Tom told her to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what she promised she'd do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what she promised to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what she said she'd do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what we had asked her to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what we wanted her to do.
Mary admitted she didn't know what to do.
Mary admitted she didn't like Tom very much.
Mary admitted she didn't want to do that anymore.
Mary admitted she didn't want to do that.
Mary admitted she didn't win.
Mary admitted she does that.
Mary admitted she doesn't do that.
Mary admitted she forged the check.
Mary admitted she had help doing that.
Mary admitted she had stolen the bike.
Mary admitted she hadn't been fair.
Mary admitted she hadn't been honest.
Mary admitted she hadn't been polite.
Mary admitted she knew the secret.
Mary admitted she left early.
Mary admitted she let Tom win.
Mary admitted she lied.
Mary admitted she stole the gold.
Mary admitted she stole the money.
Mary admitted she used drugs.
Mary admitted she wanted to do that.
Mary admitted she was a thief.
Mary admitted she was afraid.
Mary admitted she was baffled.
Mary admitted she was biased.
Mary admitted she was broke.
Mary admitted she was cold.
Mary admitted she was confused.
Mary admitted she was curious.
Mary admitted she was desperate.
Mary admitted she was disappointed.
Mary admitted she was disorganized.
Mary admitted she was divorced.
Mary admitted she was exhausted.
Mary admitted she was famished.
Mary admitted she was frightened.
Mary admitted she was frustrated.
Mary admitted she was guilty.
Mary admitted she was heartbroken.
Mary admitted she was homeless.
Mary admitted she was homesick.
Mary admitted she was hungry.
Mary admitted she was illiterate.
Mary admitted she was impressed.
Mary admitted she was intrigued.
Mary admitted she was jealous.
Mary admitted she was lazy.
Mary admitted she was lonely.
Mary admitted she was lost.
Mary admitted she was married.
Mary admitted she was nervous.
Mary admitted she was overweight.
Mary admitted she was prejudiced.
Mary admitted she was scared.
Mary admitted she was selfish.
Mary admitted she was sick.
Mary admitted she was skeptical.
Mary admitted she was starved.
Mary admitted she was suspicious.
Mary admitted she was terrified.
Mary admitted she was the one who ate all the cookies.
Mary admitted she was the one who ate the last piece of cake.
Mary admitted she was the one who left the windows unlocked.
Mary admitted she was tired.
Mary admitted she was troubled.
Mary admitted she was uncertain.
Mary admitted she was undependable.
Mary admitted she was unemployed.
Mary admitted she was very tired.
Mary admitted she was weak.
Mary admitted she was worried.
Mary admitted she was wrong.
Mary admitted she wasn't actually the one who did that.
Mary admitted she wasn't brave.
Mary admitted she wasn't certain.
Mary admitted she wasn't impartial.
Mary admitted she wasn't perfect.
Mary admitted she wasn't prepared.
Mary admitted she wasn't ready.
Mary admitted she wasn't really hurt.
Mary admitted she wasn't really rich.
Mary admitted she wasn't really sick.
Mary admitted she wasn't rich.
Mary admitted she wasn't sure.
Mary admitted she wasn't the one who actually did that.
Mary admitted she'd been careless.
Mary admitted she'd been defeated.
Mary admitted she'd been dishonest.
Mary admitted she'd been doing that for a long time.
Mary admitted she'd been drinking.
Mary admitted she'd been foolish.
Mary admitted she'd been impolite.
Mary admitted she'd been mistaken.
Mary admitted she'd been naughty.
Mary admitted she'd been reckless.
Mary admitted she'd been rude.
Mary admitted she'd been unfair.
Mary admitted she'd been wrong.
Mary admitted she'd lied to me.
Mary admitted she'd lied.
Mary admitted she'd made a mistake.
Mary admitted she's done that.
Mary admitted that it was her fault.
Mary admitted that she agreed to do that.
Mary admitted that she ate all the ice cream.
Mary admitted that she broke the vase.
Mary admitted that she broke the window.
Mary admitted that she couldn't really understand French.
Mary admitted that she cried.
Mary admitted that she did that.
Mary admitted that she didn't cry.
Mary admitted that she didn't do that.
Mary admitted that she didn't have any experience.
Mary admitted that she didn't know how to do that.
Mary admitted that she didn't know what to do.
Mary admitted that she didn't really know how to do that.
Mary admitted that she didn't really know how to speak French.
Mary admitted that she didn't really know what to do.
Mary admitted that she didn't really know where Tom lived.
Mary admitted that she didn't really know where Tom worked.
Mary admitted that she didn't really want to do that.
Mary admitted that she didn't win.
Mary admitted that she does that.
Mary admitted that she had been secretly going out with Tom.
Mary admitted that she had dabbled in the magical arts.
Mary admitted that she had lied to me.
Mary admitted that she had stolen the bike.
Mary admitted that she had stolen the money.
Mary admitted that she hadn't been fair.
Mary admitted that she hadn't been honest.
Mary admitted that she left early.
Mary admitted that she let Tom win.
Mary admitted that she lied.
Mary admitted that she stole Tom's bicycle.
Mary admitted that she stole the money.
Mary admitted that she used drugs.
Mary admitted that she was a thief.
Mary admitted that she was afraid.
Mary admitted that she was baffled.
Mary admitted that she was biased.
Mary admitted that she was broke.
Mary admitted that she was cold.
Mary admitted that she was confused.
Mary admitted that she was curious.
Mary admitted that she was desperate.
Mary admitted that she was divorced.
Mary admitted that she was exhausted.
Mary admitted that she was famished.
Mary admitted that she was frightened.
Mary admitted that she was frustrated.
Mary admitted that she was guilty.
Mary admitted that she was homeless.
Mary admitted that she was homesick.
Mary admitted that she was hungry.
Mary admitted that she was illiterate.
Mary admitted that she was impressed.
Mary admitted that she was intrigued.
Mary admitted that she was jealous.
Mary admitted that she was lazy.
Mary admitted that she was lonely.
Mary admitted that she was lost.
Mary admitted that she was married.
Mary admitted that she was nervous.
Mary admitted that she was overweight.
Mary admitted that she was prejudiced.
Mary admitted that she was scared.
Mary admitted that she was selfish.
Mary admitted that she was sick.
Mary admitted that she was skeptical.
Mary admitted that she was starved.
Mary admitted that she was suspicious.
Mary admitted that she was tempted to do that.
Mary admitted that she was terrified.
Mary admitted that she was the one who did that.
Mary admitted that she was the one who had done that.
Mary admitted that she was the one who stole Tom's bicycle.
Mary admitted that she was tired.
Mary admitted that she was troubled.
Mary admitted that she was uncertain.
Mary admitted that she was unemployed.
Mary admitted that she was very tired.
Mary admitted that she was weak.
Mary admitted that she was worried.
Mary admitted that she was wrong.
Mary admitted that she wasn't brave.
Mary admitted that she wasn't certain.
Mary admitted that she wasn't perfect.
Mary admitted that she wasn't prepared.
Mary admitted that she wasn't ready.
Mary admitted that she wasn't really hurt.
Mary admitted that she wasn't really interested in doing that.
Mary admitted that she wasn't really rich.
Mary admitted that she wasn't really the first one to do that.
Mary admitted that she wasn't rich.
Mary admitted that she wasn't sure.
Mary admitted that she'd been careless.
Mary admitted that she'd been defeated.
Mary admitted that she'd been dishonest.
Mary admitted that she'd been drinking.
Mary admitted that she'd been foolish.
Mary admitted that she'd been irresponsible.
Mary admitted that she'd been mistaken.
Mary admitted that she'd been naughty.
Mary admitted that she'd been rude.
Mary admitted that she'd been unfair.
Mary admitted that she'd been wrong.
Mary admitted that she'd hit Tom.
Mary admitted that she'd lied to Tom.
Mary admitted that she'd lied to me.
Mary admitted that she'd lied.
Mary admitted that she'd never actually been to Boston.
Mary admitted that she'd stolen Tom's money.
Mary admitted that she'd stolen money from Tom.
Mary admitted that she's done that.
Mary admitted that that was the real reason she did that.
Mary admitted that what she did was wrong.
Mary admitted that what she'd done was stupid.
Mary admitted to Tom that she couldn't do that.
Mary admitted to Tom that she didn't know how to do that.
Mary admitted what she did was wrong.
Mary admitted what she said was wrong.
Mary adopted Tom when he was five months old.
Mary adores her baby's cute, round face.
Mary adores her baby’s cute, round face.
Mary adores her father.
Mary advertises cars.
Mary advised Tom not to go there by himself.
Mary advised Tom to save a little money each month.
Mary agonized over what to wear.
Mary agreed that she'd pay half the rent.
Mary agreed to be here at 2:30, but she's not here yet.
Mary agreed to do what we asked her to do.
Mary agreed to go on a blind date.
Mary agreed to take the job we offered her.
Mary agreed to work for us as a nanny.
Mary agreed.
Mary agrees with him.
Mary aided her mother in cooking.
Mary aligned the text on the nameplate of her letter box according to the golden ratio.
Mary allowed Tom to drive her car.
Mary allowed Tom to hold her hand.
Mary allowed Tom to kiss her.
Mary allowed Tom to play his guitar.
Mary allowed Tom to put his arm around her.
Mary allowed Tom to sit next to her on the bench.
Mary allowed me to drive her car.
Mary allowed me to use her computer.
Mary allowed us to help her.
Mary almost always arrives late.
Mary almost always comes late.
Mary almost always does that by herself.
Mary almost always does what she promises to do.
Mary almost always does what she says she's going to do.
Mary almost always uses a credit card when she goes shopping.
Mary almost beat Tom to death.
Mary almost began to cry.
Mary almost did that when she was in Boston.
Mary almost died of embarrassment.
Mary almost forgot her umbrella.
Mary almost forgot to take an umbrella with her.
Mary almost hurt herself trying to do that.
Mary almost injured herself trying to do that.
Mary almost killed herself trying to do that.
Mary almost killed herself.
Mary almost looks happy, doesn't she?
Mary almost lost her balance.
Mary almost lost her eye.
Mary almost lost her life.
Mary almost never cried when she was a baby.
Mary almost never does that by herself.
Mary almost never does what she says she's going to do.
Mary almost never gets what she asks for.
Mary almost never kisses her children.
Mary almost never uses her phone.
Mary almost passed out from the pain.
Mary almost spilled her coffee.
Mary almost told Tom that she loved him.
Mary almost wished she'd never met Tom.
Mary already has a boyfriend.
Mary already has too much to worry about.
Mary already knew she was OK.
Mary already knew that, didn't she?
Mary already knows that Tom wants her to do that.
Mary already knows what she has to do.
Mary already knows what she needs to do.
Mary already knows what she should do.
Mary already knows what she'll do.
Mary already knows what she's going to do.
Mary already knows you want to talk to her.
Mary already regrets what she did.
Mary already told me she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary also has an OnlyFans.
Mary also laughed.
Mary also likes bananas.
Mary altered her plans.
Mary always answers her phone.
Mary always appreciates when Tom takes the time to explain a complex idea.
Mary always asks Tom for his opinion, but Tom never asks Mary what she thinks.
Mary always assists her boyfriend in doing his assignments.
Mary always believes me.
Mary always bought some bacon.
Mary always bowed when she greeted me.
Mary always brings the rain with her.
Mary always carries a book with her.
Mary always carries a camera with her wherever she goes.
Mary always carries a harmonica with her.
Mary always carries her camera with her.
Mary always complains about Tom's cooking.
Mary always complains about her job.
Mary always complains, doesn't she?
Mary always creates chaos.
Mary always did her best to help Tom.
Mary always did her best to help me.
Mary always did what she felt like doing.
Mary always does her best.
Mary always does that by herself.
Mary always does that when she goes to Boston.
Mary always does that when she's nervous.
Mary always does that when she's scared.
Mary always dreamed of meeting a tall, dark, and handsome man.
Mary always drinks her coffee black.
Mary always drinks her coffee strong.
Mary always encouraged her pupils to think for themselves.
Mary always expects me to help her.
Mary always feels happy when she sees Tom.
Mary always gets everything she wants.
Mary always gets her own way.
Mary always gets what she wants.
Mary always goes fishing by herself.
Mary always goes home by herself.
Mary always got everything she wanted.
Mary always got what she wanted.
Mary always greatly enjoyed reading Tom's poetic letters.
Mary always had a smile on her face.
Mary always had to do everything herself.
Mary always has a smile on her face.
Mary always has her harmonica with her.
Mary always has her nose buried in a book.
Mary always has to give her opinion.
Mary always has to have her own way.
Mary always has to have her say.
Mary always has to have her two penn'orth.
Mary always has to put her two cents worth in.
Mary always has well-manicured fingernails.
Mary always keeps her appointments.
Mary always keeps her dog chained up.
Mary always keeps her room neat.
Mary always keeps her word.
Mary always kept her mouth shut.
Mary always leaves her computer on.
Mary always liked to use a blue washcloth in the shower.
Mary always liked women.
Mary always looks in the rearview mirror before she backs up.
Mary always looks nice.
Mary always pays her rent on time.
Mary always puts herself first.
Mary always said she could do that.
Mary always said she was lucky.
Mary always sat in the back of the class.
Mary always says such cute things.
Mary always seems to be by herself.
Mary always seems to get her own way.
Mary always seems worried about what other people think about her.
Mary always shouts when she is angry.
Mary always shouts when she's angry.
Mary always speaks her mind.
Mary always stays at school as late as the teachers allow her to.
Mary always studies for two hours a day.
Mary always talks about herself.
Mary always thinks about others.
Mary always thinks she's right.
Mary always thought she heard her mother calling her during that liminal moment between waking and falling asleep.
Mary always ties her bows with such panache.
Mary always travels with her small black suitcase.
Mary always tries her best.
Mary always tries to do what she thinks is right.
Mary always wanted to be a doctor, but her grades at school weren't quite good enough to get her into medical school.
Mary always wanted to go to Boston, but she never had the chance.
Mary always wants Tom to talk about his feelings.
Mary always wants me to help her.
Mary always wants to do everything by herself.
Mary always wears a bathing cap when she swims.
Mary always wears a sports bra when exercising.
Mary always wears a sports bra when she does her keep-fit.
Mary always wears a sports bra when she does her training.
Mary always wears a sports bra when she exercises.
Mary always wears a sports bra when she's doing her training.
Mary always wears goggles when she swims.
Mary always wears her seatbelt.
Mary always wears too much perfume.
Mary always wished she had more money.
Mary always yells at her children.
Mary always yells when she's angry.
Mary analyzed the results.
Mary analyzes it.
Mary and Alice always wear similar clothes.
Mary and Alice are Tom's aunts.
Mary and Alice are Tom's daughters.
Mary and Alice are Tom's mothers.
Mary and Alice are Tom's nieces.
Mary and Alice are Tom's sisters.
Mary and Alice are a legally married same sex couple.
Mary and Alice are a match made in heaven.
Mary and Alice are about the same size.
Mary and Alice are both beautiful.
Mary and Alice are both cute.
Mary and Alice are both exes of Tom.
Mary and Alice are both expecting babies.
Mary and Alice are both expecting twins.
Mary and Alice are both expecting.
Mary and Alice are both pregnant.
Mary and Alice are both very beautiful girls.
Mary and Alice are both very beautiful women.
Mary and Alice are both very pretty.
Mary and Alice are close friends.
Mary and Alice are half-sisters.
Mary and Alice are having a slumber party.
Mary and Alice are identical twins.
Mary and Alice are in a relationship.
Mary and Alice are intelligent women.
Mary and Alice are like sisters.
Mary and Alice are married.
Mary and Alice are my sisters.
Mary and Alice are normal teenage girls.
Mary and Alice are often mistaken for sisters.
Mary and Alice are pagan.
Mary and Alice are pretending to be married.
Mary and Alice are sisters-in-law.
Mary and Alice are sisters.
Mary and Alice are step-sisters.
Mary and Alice are tired.
Mary and Alice are trans lesbians in a relationship.
Mary and Alice are very pretty.
Mary and Alice are wearing blouses that're way too large for them.
Mary and Alice aren't really my aunts.
Mary and Alice aren't really my sisters.
Mary and Alice aren't sisters.
Mary and Alice both have a crush on Tom.
Mary and Alice both married men younger than them.
Mary and Alice both used to be Tom's girlfriends.
Mary and Alice chatted for a while.
Mary and Alice do burlesque.
Mary and Alice fell in love with the same man.
Mary and Alice had a tea party.
Mary and Alice look like sisters.
Mary and Alice often share clothes.
Mary and Alice often wear the same thing.
Mary and Alice pretend to be married.
Mary and Alice pretended they were sisters.
Mary and Alice showed me pictures of their boyfriends.
Mary and Alice showed me pictures of their husbands.
Mary and Alice spent hours talking.
Mary and Alice wear the same size clothes.
Mary and Alice were both wearing blue skirts.
Mary and Alice were cheerleaders when they were in high school.
Mary and Alice were like sisters.
Mary and Alice were wearing the same color dresses.
Mary and Alice wore matching dresses.
Mary and Alice wore matching outfits.
Mary and Alice's band played there once.
Mary and Anna are racing down the road, bumper to bumper.
Mary and Anna played Handel's Recorder Sonata in D minor (HWV 367a). Mary played the recorder and was accompanied by Anna on the harpsichord.
Mary and Anna want to live as spouses.
Mary and Elizabeth will be bridesmaids at my wedding.
Mary and Elke took a selfie together.
Mary and Helen are the godmothers of my two children, respectively.
Mary and I always got on well with each other.
Mary and I are cousins.
Mary and I are engaged.
Mary and I are getting married in August.
Mary and I are getting married.
Mary and I are in the same class.
Mary and I are just friends.
Mary and I are like sisters.
Mary and I are sisters.
Mary and I are sitting on the sofa, wrapped in plaid blankets, and watching TV.
Mary and I are walking.
Mary and I are well.
Mary and I aren't enemies, but we're not friends, either.
Mary and I became good friends.
Mary and I both like Australia.
Mary and I both like swimming.
Mary and I dated a long time ago.
Mary and I dated for three years.
Mary and I got engaged.
Mary and I greet each other.
Mary and I had a fight.
Mary and I had the same dream.
Mary and I have been acquainted with each other for many years.
Mary and I have been friends since high school.
Mary and I have been friends since middle school.
Mary and I have been going out for three years.
Mary and I have been through a lot together.
Mary and I have known each other for a long time.
Mary and I have never met, but I know a lot about her.
Mary and I lost touch after we graduated.
Mary and I meet again next week.
Mary and I plan to have two children.
Mary and I plan to have two kids.
Mary and I rarely agree on anything.
Mary and I remained firm friends for years.
Mary and I remained good friends for years.
Mary and I take it in turns to make dinner.
Mary and I take it in turns to make tea.
Mary and I take turns making dinner.
Mary and I take turns making tea.
Mary and I were good friends.
Mary and I were ill in bed yesterday.
Mary and I were like sisters.
Mary and I work together.
Mary and I've been dating for three years.
Mary and I've been going out for three years.
Mary and I, who are twins, used to amuse ourselves by exchanging identities and fooling everyone.
Mary and I, who are twins, would amuse ourselves by exchanging identities and fooling everyone.
Mary and Jane are cousins.
Mary and Jane are screaming.
Mary and Joanne are both expecting twins.
Mary and John both can't swim.
Mary and John both can’t swim.
Mary and John quarreled, but made up after a while.
Mary and Junior's father are not big fans of Fetty Wap's music, even claiming that he's "ruined rap forever", meanwhile; Junior absolutely loves his music.
Mary and Kate always wear similar clothes.
Mary and Kate are identical twins.
Mary and Kate are inseparable.
Mary and Kate have been friends since high school.
Mary and Kate often go shopping together.
Mary and Kate often shop together.
Mary and Kate talked about their school and their friends.
Mary and Kate wore matching outfits.
Mary and Layla decided to get divorced.
Mary and Nemesio are BFFs.
Mary and Nemesio communicated with each other over long distances using magical lumps of oak charcoal. Mary wrote in her diary, and Nemesio on his acorn cap hat.
Mary and Peter kiss.
Mary and Sally have a relationship of commensalism with each other.
Mary and Tom are a funny pair.
Mary and Tom are a picture-perfect couple.
Mary and Tom are both intelligent.
Mary and Tom are dreaming about the sea.
Mary and Tom are going to Boston.
Mary and Tom are going to Paris.
Mary and Tom are good cooks.
Mary and Tom are happy together.
Mary and Tom are in a long-distance relationship.
Mary and Tom are like two peas in a pod.
Mary and Tom are naïve.
Mary and Tom are twins, but they're nothing alike.
Mary and Tom believe that learning is a two-way street.
Mary and Tom both agree that knowledge should be shared, not hoarded.
Mary and Tom both believe that everyone has something valuable to contribute.
Mary and Tom came to wave us good-bye at the train station.
Mary and Tom care about privacy.
Mary and Tom do not sleep a lot.
Mary and Tom experienced happy times together.
Mary and Tom explored the hidden gems of Southeast Asia.
Mary and Tom fought over the TV remote.
Mary and Tom gained one hundred pounds by binge watching series online.
Mary and Tom had never renovated a house, but they thought it would be easy.
Mary and Tom had two children together, but the marriage didn't end well.
Mary and Tom have a harmonious relationship.
Mary and Tom have a horse lorry.
Mary and Tom have a horse truck.
Mary and Tom have a horsetruck.
Mary and Tom have been in love since the eighth grade.
Mary and Tom have booked not a hotel room, but a holiday flat.
Mary and Tom have only been living here for six months, but they have already adapted well.
Mary and Tom have rented a holiday home for their summer holiday.
Mary and Tom like to challenge each other to think differently.
Mary and Tom like to stroll hand-in-hand under the moonlight.
Mary and Tom live together.
Mary and Tom look forward to a bright future together.
Mary and Tom made love in the elevator.
Mary and Tom met a year ago.
Mary and Tom often reflect on what they've learned from each other.
Mary and Tom often turn to each other when they need help understanding something new.
Mary and Tom quarrelled about the controversial tags to apply to this sentence.
Mary and Tom ran into one another.
Mary and Tom see every day as a chance to learn something new from each other.
Mary and Tom suffer from agoraphobia.
Mary and Tom thought it would be a shame if much of the oral history they had so patiently gathered were to be lost because of not being written down. Because neither of them knew shorthand, they bought an audio recorder so that they could better enjoy their visits with Tom's three living grandparents without having to focus on taking careful written notes.
Mary and Tom traveled to explore the remote landscapes of Iceland.
Mary and Tom value their privacy.
Mary and Tom walk together.
Mary and Tom were in agreement.
Mary and Tom were lynched to death by an angry Tatoeba mob.
Mary and Tom were shocked when they saw Oliver come back with his first tattoo.
Mary and Tom will presumably get divorced.
Mary and Tom wondered if it was a murder or a suicide.
Mary and Tom work at the restaurant.
Mary and her best friend often finish each other's sentences.
Mary and her boyfriend are in the same class.
Mary and her boyfriend are planning to go to a movie Friday evening.
Mary and her boyfriend are planning to visit Australia together.
Mary and her boyfriend are planning to visit Boston together.
Mary and her boyfriend got engaged.
Mary and her boyfriend lived together for four years.
Mary and her boyfriend often hang out with Tom and his girlfriend.
Mary and her boyfriend spent all afternoon at the art museum.
Mary and her boyfriend were here together this morning.
Mary and her family came to the railroad station to see us off.
Mary and her family came to the railway station to see us off.
Mary and her family came to the train station to see us off.
Mary and her family live in Boston.
Mary and her father were both there.
Mary and her friend took a selfie together.
Mary and her friends are outside.
Mary and her friends saw a few good looking guys walk past.
Mary and her friends took a group selfie.
Mary and her husband adopted a girl.
Mary and her husband are coming over for dinner tonight.
Mary and her husband are from Australia.
Mary and her husband are from Boston.
Mary and her husband have no children.
Mary and her husband have separated.
Mary and her husband live in Australia now.
Mary and her husband live in Australia.
Mary and her husband live in Boston.
Mary and her husband live separately.
Mary and her husband received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1903.
Mary and her husband started fighting.
Mary and her mom live in a very old apartment.
Mary and her mother live in Sri Lanka.
Mary and her parents moved to Boston.
Mary and her sister are always wearing the same dresses.
Mary and her sister have a similar hairstyle.
Mary and her sister have different personalities.
Mary and her sister live together.
Mary and her sister took turns at looking after their sick mother.
Mary and her sister want to learn Esperanto.
Mary and her sisters want to learn Berber.
Mary and her sisters want to learn Cebuano.
Mary and her sisters want to learn Esperanto.
Mary and her staff can manage that.
Mary and her team are ready.
Mary and her team celebrated the victory with a bottle of excellent French champagne.
Mary and her teenage son moved into a new house.
Mary and some other women were here for a few hours.
Mary and the other women are on the porch, gossiping.
Mary and the other women are working in the garden.
Mary and the other women left thirty minutes ago.
Mary and the other women on the porch are gossiping.
Mary announced her decision Monday.
Mary announced her engagement to Tom.
Mary announced her plans to leave.
Mary announced she was retiring.
Mary announced that she'd be retiring at the end of the year.
Mary announced to Oliver that he would soon have a new brother or sister.
Mary announced to Oliver that he would soon have a new brother.
Mary announced to Oliver that he would soon have a new sister.
Mary answered all the questions that Tom asked her.
Mary answered her own question.
Mary answered her phone.
Mary answered the door in her nightgown.
Mary answered the door wearing a green robe.
Mary apologized about what had happened.
Mary apologized for her actions.
Mary apologized for her behavior.
Mary apologized for her mistake.
Mary apologized for not doing what she had promised she'd do.
Mary apologized for not doing what she was supposed to do.
Mary apologized for what she did.
Mary apologized for what she said.
Mary apologized profusely.
Mary apologized to Tom for her rudeness.
Mary apologized to Tom for losing her temper.
Mary apologized to Tom for what she did.
Mary apologized to Tom for what she'd done.
Mary apologized to her teammates.
Mary apparently did that by herself.
Mary apparently didn't do that by herself.
Mary apparently didn't do what she said she'd do.
Mary apparently didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Mary apparently didn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary apparently drowned herself.
Mary apparently hasn't yet told Tom that she won't be going to Boston with him.
Mary apparently hasn't yet told Tom that she's not going to be at his party.
Mary apparently hasn't yet told Tom that she's not going to do that.
Mary apparently lived in Boston when she was in college.
Mary apparently lost her passport.
Mary apparently went to the lighthouse by herself.
Mary appeared on the TV show 'Teen Mom'.
Mary appeared to be sleeping.
Mary appears quite mild, but in reality she is a strong hearted child.
Mary appears to be feeling well.
Mary appears to have hanged herself.
Mary applauded.
Mary applied a hundred layers of foundation to her face.
Mary applied cream to her face.
Mary applied makeup.
Mary applied moisturizing cream to her face.
Mary applied some lip gloss.
Mary applied some lipstick.
Mary applied some makeup.
Mary applied sunscreen to her face.
Mary appreciates Tom's enthusiasm when it comes to discovering new things.
Mary appreciates how Tom always encourages her to think critically.
Mary approached.
Mary ar tt bahra tettawi ɣ ugayyu nns.
Mary argued that Tom stood three words ahead of her, although when he turned back, he saw that, between she and he, there were only two.
Mary argues with her girlfriend.
Mary armed herself with a gun and a knife.
Mary armed herself with a knife.
Mary arranged for Tom to sit next to Kate.
Mary arrested me.
Mary arrived at the hospital.
Mary arrived on Monday and left again the next day.
Mary arrives on time.
Mary asked Alice if she could borrow a dress to wear to the dance.
Mary asked Tom a few questions that he couldn't answer, but he was able to answer most of her questions.
Mary asked Tom could he keep a secret.
Mary asked Tom if he could do her a favor.
Mary asked Tom if he could give her a ride home.
Mary asked Tom if he could help her with her science homework.
Mary asked Tom if he could make her a sandwich.
Mary asked Tom if he had eaten enough.
Mary asked Tom if he knew her new address.
Mary asked Tom if he knew why John didn't like her.
Mary asked Tom if he thought she was beautiful.
Mary asked Tom if he wanted to go with her.
Mary asked Tom if he wanted to ride her horse.
Mary asked Tom if he was having an affair.
Mary asked Tom if he'd help her with her homework.
Mary asked Tom if he'd help her.
Mary asked Tom if he'd like to go to Boston with her.
Mary asked Tom if he'd mind doing that for her.
Mary asked Tom if he'd take her picture.
Mary asked Tom if he'd teach her French.
Mary asked Tom if he'd teach her son French.
Mary asked Tom if she could borrow his French textbook.
Mary asked Tom if she could borrow his bicycle.
Mary asked Tom if she could copy his notes.
Mary asked Tom if she could eat the last cookie.
Mary asked Tom if she could go home.
Mary asked Tom if she could hold his hand.
Mary asked Tom if she could kiss him.
Mary asked Tom if she loved her.
Mary asked Tom if they were going to die in the shelter.
Mary asked Tom join her group.
Mary asked Tom many times to let her go home early, but he wouldn't let her.
Mary asked Tom not to call her honey.
Mary asked Tom not to go without her.
Mary asked Tom not to hug her again.
Mary asked Tom not to hug her anymore.
Mary asked Tom not to kiss her in public again.
Mary asked Tom not to kiss her in public anymore.
Mary asked Tom not to leave her alone.
Mary asked Tom not to sit next to her.
Mary asked Tom not to wake her up before seven.
Mary asked Tom the same question she'd asked me.
Mary asked Tom to babysit her children.
Mary asked Tom to buy her a ring.
Mary asked Tom to buy her a ticket.
Mary asked Tom to buy some berries; didn't matter what sort, she said. Tom, a botanist, returned with bananas, lemons, pineapples, aubergines, peppers, various melons and gourds, tomatoes, avocados, dates, kiwis and, to top it all, papayas – proud of having gathered such a selection. Yes, it had cost him no little amount, but satisfying Mary to the highest degree was always Tom's number-one priority.
Mary asked Tom to call her after dinner.
Mary asked Tom to call her later.
Mary asked Tom to carry her suitcase.
Mary asked Tom to chop the onions.
Mary asked Tom to clean the mess.
Mary asked Tom to come closer.
Mary asked Tom to come closer. And then she slapped him.
Mary asked Tom to come with her.
Mary asked Tom to dance with her.
Mary asked Tom to do her a favor.
Mary asked Tom to do something for her.
Mary asked Tom to do that for her.
Mary asked Tom to drive her home.
Mary asked Tom to drive her to the airport.
Mary asked Tom to drive her to the office.
Mary asked Tom to follow her downstairs.
Mary asked Tom to forgive her.
Mary asked Tom to get her a cup of coffee.
Mary asked Tom to give her a cuddle.
Mary asked Tom to give her a ride home.
Mary asked Tom to give her some money.
Mary asked Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary asked Tom to go to the opera with her.
Mary asked Tom to go to the park with her.
Mary asked Tom to go with her.
Mary asked Tom to help decorate her Christmas tree.
Mary asked Tom to help her clean her office.
Mary asked Tom to help her clean the garage.
Mary asked Tom to help her do her homework.
Mary asked Tom to help her do that.
Mary asked Tom to help her find John.
Mary asked Tom to help her organize the party.
Mary asked Tom to help her with her homework.
Mary asked Tom to help her, but he didn't want to.
Mary asked Tom to help her.
Mary asked Tom to join her team.
Mary asked Tom to join the literary circle.
Mary asked Tom to join the literature club.
Mary asked Tom to kiss her forehead.
Mary asked Tom to kiss her.
Mary asked Tom to leave her alone.
Mary asked Tom to leave her office.
Mary asked Tom to lend her some money so she could go to Boston.
Mary asked Tom to lend her some money.
Mary asked Tom to lend her three hundred dollars.
Mary asked Tom to let her drive his car.
Mary asked Tom to loan her some money.
Mary asked Tom to look after her children.
Mary asked Tom to make her a sandwich.
Mary asked Tom to make her something to eat.
Mary asked Tom to meet her after school.
Mary asked Tom to meet her at John's house at 2:30.
Mary asked Tom to meet her in the lobby.
Mary asked Tom to open the wine bottle and then kissed him while he was busy.
Mary asked Tom to open the wine bottle and then kissed him while he was distracted.
Mary asked Tom to pass her the gravy.
Mary asked Tom to pass her the salt and pepper.
Mary asked Tom to peel an orange.
Mary asked Tom to peel potatoes.
Mary asked Tom to perform one of his magic tricks.
Mary asked Tom to play tennis with her.
Mary asked Tom to play the guitar.
Mary asked Tom to pretend to be her boyfriend.
Mary asked Tom to pretend to be her husband.
Mary asked Tom to read her the letter she'd gotten from John.
Mary asked Tom to read it for her.
Mary asked Tom to read the letter to her.
Mary asked Tom to remind her to call John in the morning.
Mary asked Tom to send her a copy.
Mary asked Tom to send her his picture.
Mary asked Tom to shave off his beard.
Mary asked Tom to show her how to do that.
Mary asked Tom to sit next to her.
Mary asked Tom to sit quietly.
Mary asked Tom to stay away from her.
Mary asked Tom to stop texting her.
Mary asked Tom to take her to the hospital.
Mary asked Tom to take off his shoes before he entered her house.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to dance.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to do that.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to do the waltz.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to drive a car.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to drive.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to play the flute.
Mary asked Tom to teach her some useful phrases in French.
Mary asked Tom to tell her about the house he'd lived in when he was a child.
Mary asked Tom to tell her the truth.
Mary asked Tom to tell her why he was leaving her.
Mary asked Tom to the Sadie Hawkins dance.
Mary asked Tom to turn off the computer and prepare dinner.
Mary asked Tom to wait for her in front of the library.
Mary asked Tom to wait for her outside school.
Mary asked Tom to wait for her.
Mary asked Tom to wait until she got there.
Mary asked Tom to wake her up at six.
Mary asked Tom to walk her home.
Mary asked Tom to wear a mask.
Mary asked Tom to zip up her dress.
Mary asked Tom what he thought of her dress, but he knew better than to tell her what he really thought.
Mary asked Tom what he thought she should do.
Mary asked Tom what he'd do if he were her.
Mary asked Tom what he'd do in her shoes.
Mary asked Tom what she should bring to the party.
Mary asked Tom what she should do next.
Mary asked Tom what she wanted her to do.
Mary asked Tom what time he wanted her to come over.
Mary asked Tom what time he wanted her to pick him up.
Mary asked Tom what was wrong.
Mary asked Tom where he lived, but he wouldn't tell her.
Mary asked Tom where he should put her suitcase.
Mary asked Tom where she should park her car.
Mary asked Tom whether he liked her.
Mary asked Tom why he didn't like her.
Mary asked Tom why she had to do that.
Mary asked Tom why she needed to do that.
Mary asked Tom why the sky is blue, and he told her about Rayleigh scattering of sunlight.
Mary asked a lot of questions, didn't she?
Mary asked after his father.
Mary asked for Tom's opinion.
Mary asked for her money back.
Mary asked her boss for a pay raise.
Mary asked her boss for a raise.
Mary asked her family for a loan.
Mary asked her father to give her some money for lunch.
Mary asked her father to help her make a snowman.
Mary asked her friend for advice.
Mary asked her friend if she wanted to come over.
Mary asked her friends if they thought Tom liked her.
Mary asked her husband to grow a mustache like Tom's.
Mary asked her son to behave himself.
Mary asked him to come closer.
Mary asked how she could help.
Mary asked if I wanted her to cook something for me.
Mary asked if it would be OK if she did that.
Mary asked if it would be all right if she did that.
Mary asked if it would be dangerous if she did that.
Mary asked if it would be safe if she did that.
Mary asked if she could do that.
Mary asked if she could help.
Mary asked if she could speak French.
Mary asked if she could spend the night at her friend's house.
Mary asked if she could use my phone.
Mary asked if she had to do that this morning.
Mary asked if she had to do that.
Mary asked if she might go home early.
Mary asked if she needed to do that.
Mary asked if she really had to do that by herself.
Mary asked if she really had to do that today.
Mary asked if she really had to do that.
Mary asked if she really needed to do that by herself.
Mary asked if she really needed to do that.
Mary asked if she really needed to wear a helmet.
Mary asked if she was invited.
Mary asked if she was really required to do that.
Mary asked if she was required to do that.
Mary asked if the cat had drunk all of the milk.
Mary asked if there was anything she could do.
Mary asked me for more money than she really needed.
Mary asked me for my opinion.
Mary asked me how she could help.
Mary asked me if I agreed with her.
Mary asked me if I could do her a favor.
Mary asked me if I could help her with her homework.
Mary asked me if I could help her.
Mary asked me if I could lend her some money.
Mary asked me if I could stay and help her clean up after the party.
Mary asked me if I liked her.
Mary asked me if I loved her.
Mary asked me if I wanted to go to Boston with her.
Mary asked me if I would help her move her piano.
Mary asked me if I would help her.
Mary asked me if I'd be willing to help her after school today.
Mary asked me if I'd go to the beach with her.
Mary asked me if I'd go with her to the beach.
Mary asked me if I'd help her.
Mary asked me if I'd like to do that with her.
Mary asked me if I'd mind helping her.
Mary asked me if I'd seen her father.
Mary asked me if she could borrow my car.
Mary asked me if she could borrow my umbrella.
Mary asked me if she could borrow some money.
Mary asked me if she could borrow thirty dollars.
Mary asked me if she could close the windows.
Mary asked me if she could do that.
Mary asked me if she could go home early today.
Mary asked me if she could hold my hand.
Mary asked me if she could use my computer.
Mary asked me if she could watch TV with me.
Mary asked me not to help her.
Mary asked me this morning if I wanted to go jogging with her.
Mary asked me to be her friend.
Mary asked me to buy her something to drink.
Mary asked me to carry her suitcase.
Mary asked me to come over and help her.
Mary asked me to come to her house.
Mary asked me to cut her hair.
Mary asked me to do her a favor. However, I couldn't do what she asked.
Mary asked me to do her homework for her.
Mary asked me to do it for her.
Mary asked me to do that for her.
Mary asked me to do this for her.
Mary asked me to forgive her.
Mary asked me to give her enough time to do that.
Mary asked me to give her money.
Mary asked me to give her time to do that.
Mary asked me to go to Boston with her next weekend.
Mary asked me to go to Boston with her.
Mary asked me to go to a movie with her.
Mary asked me to go with her.
Mary asked me to help her do that.
Mary asked me to help her find her contact lens.
Mary asked me to help her out.
Mary asked me to help her paint her house.
Mary asked me to help her put new frets on her guitar.
Mary asked me to help her up the stairs.
Mary asked me to help her with her French homework.
Mary asked me to help her with her homework.
Mary asked me to help her write a love letter.
Mary asked me to invite you.
Mary asked me to kiss her.
Mary asked me to leave her alone.
Mary asked me to lend her money.
Mary asked me to lend her my pencil.
Mary asked me to lend her some money.
Mary asked me to meet her at the airport.
Mary asked me to meet her at the station.
Mary asked me to meet her here.
Mary asked me to pass her the salt and pepper.
Mary asked me to pass her the salt.
Mary asked me to pay her a visit.
Mary asked me to pick her up at the station.
Mary asked me to polish her shoes.
Mary asked me to pretend to be her boyfriend.
Mary asked me to proofread her essay.
Mary asked me to read her some poems.
Mary asked me to say goodbye for her.
Mary asked me to sell her my car.
Mary asked me to stay and help her.
Mary asked me to stay away from her.
Mary asked me to stay with her until her father got home.
Mary asked me to take care of her fish while she was away and made me promise to not let the cat at them.
Mary asked me to take her out tonight.
Mary asked me to take her to the zoo.
Mary asked me to teach her how to do that.
Mary asked me to teach her how to drive.
Mary asked me to teach her how to say "thank you" in French.
Mary asked me to tell her why I did that.
Mary asked me to tell her why I didn't do that.
Mary asked me to tell you she didn't plan on going to Boston with you.
Mary asked me to tell you she didn't plan to go to Boston with you.
Mary asked me to tell you she needed a little more time.
Mary asked me to throw her the ball.
Mary asked me to wait here until she came back.
Mary asked me to wake her up at 2:30.
Mary asked me to wake her up at six-thirty.
Mary asked me to wake her up at six.
Mary asked me to wash her car.
Mary asked me what she could do for me.
Mary asked me what she should do next.
Mary asked me when she should do that.
Mary asked me where she could buy a ticket.
Mary asked me where she should park.
Mary asked me where she should put her coat.
Mary asked me whether she should help Tom or not.
Mary asked me why I didn't like her.
Mary asked me, "Where's Esperantoland?"
Mary asked that she not be disturbed.
Mary asked that she not be identified.
Mary asked the fairy to turn Tom into a squirrel.
Mary asked the professor to repeat the explanation.
Mary asked the stranger who she was.
Mary asked the waiter to bring the check.
Mary asked to me to be her maid of honor.
Mary asked to speak to the manager.
Mary asked us if we'd like to do that with her.
Mary asked us if we'd like to go to Boston with her.
Mary asked us to follow her.
Mary asked us to forgive her.
Mary asked us to help her move her piano.
Mary asked us to leave her alone.
Mary asked us to stay and help her clean up.
Mary asked us to trust her.
Mary asked what she could do to help.
Mary asked whose coat it was and I told her it was mine.
Mary asked why she had to do that.
Mary asks me the same questions every time she sees me.
Mary asks me the same thing every time she sees me.
Mary assisted with child care during the emergency evacuation.
Mary assisted with child care for families in need.
Mary assumed that the bunch of flowers left on her desk were from Tom.
Mary assumed the bunch of flowers left on her desk were from Tom.
Mary assumed the worst.
Mary assured Tom that she could do that.
Mary assured Tom that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary assured Tom that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary assured Tom that she wouldn't do that.
Mary assured Tom that she'd do that.
Mary assured Tom that she'd never do that again.
Mary assured me that she could do that.
Mary assured me that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary assured me that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary assured me that she wouldn't do that.
Mary assured me that she wouldn't ever do that again.
Mary assured me that she'd do that.
Mary assured me that she'd never do that again.
Mary assured us she'd cooperate.
Mary assured us that she could do that.
Mary assured us that she won't do that again.
Mary assured us that she won't do that anymore.
Mary assured us that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary assured us that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary assured us that she wouldn't do that.
Mary assured us that she'd do that.
Mary ate a dozen donuts all by herself.
Mary ate a grilled chicken salad.
Mary ate a light supper.
Mary ate a quarter of the cake.
Mary ate a sandwich at her desk.
Mary ate a smashed avocado toast.
Mary ate a whole box of chocolates by herself.
Mary ate all her meals in her room.
Mary ate all her victuals.
Mary ate all that she wanted to eat.
Mary ate all the chocolate truffles.
Mary ate at her desk.
Mary ate breakfast all by herself.
Mary ate breakfast by herself.
Mary ate by herself even though she'd hoped to eat with Tom.
Mary ate by herself.
Mary ate dinner by herself.
Mary ate dinner, but she didn't eat any dessert.
Mary ate everything on her plate.
Mary ate five hamburgers after helping her uncle with the harvest.
Mary ate half the cake by herself.
Mary ate her breakfast quietly.
Mary ate her dinner.
Mary ate her fill.
Mary ate her lunch at her desk.
Mary ate her lunch in the park by herself.
Mary ate her salad.
Mary ate her sandwich at her desk.
Mary ate lunch at her desk.
Mary ate lunch by herself.
Mary ate something that made her sick.
Mary ate the apple Tom gave her.
Mary ate the apple you gave her.
Mary ate the chocolate chip cookies that Tom made for her.
Mary ate the cookies Tom made for her.
Mary ate the quince.
Mary ate the salad that Tom made for her.
Mary ate the sandwich that Tom made for her.
Mary ate the whole cake by herself.
Mary ate the whole pizza by herself.
Mary ate the whole watermelon by herself.
Mary ate until she was full.
Mary ate what she wanted.
Mary ate.
Mary attached Tom's mittens to his coat.
Mary attacked Tom.
Mary attempted to kill herself.
Mary attended an all-girls’ school.
Mary attends an all-girls school.
Mary attracts men like moths to a flame.
Mary auditioned for a role.
Mary auditioned for the part.
Mary avoided his gaze.
Mary avoided making eye contact with Tom.
Mary avoided making eye contact.
Mary avoids me.
Mary awoke Tom in the middle of the night.
Mary backed her car into a tree.
Mary backed her car into a wall.
Mary backed into her parking space.
Mary backed out at the last minute.
Mary backed out of her parking space.
Mary backed up her data.
Mary bailed Tom out of jail after he got into a fight at the bar.
Mary baked a big cake.
Mary baked a fig tart.
Mary baked a pie for Pi Day.
Mary baked a pie.
Mary baked a small cake.
Mary baked an apple pie.
Mary baked her husband a pumpkin pie.
Mary baked her teacher some cookies.
Mary baked some brownies for her teacher.
Mary baked some cookies for me.
Mary baked some cookies.
Mary baked some star-shaped cookies.
Mary baked three dozen cookies for Tom's party.
Mary baked three dozen cookies for Tom’s party.
Mary bakes her own bread.
Mary bandaged Tom's arm.
Mary bandaged her own leg.
Mary banged her head.
Mary banged her knee on the table.
Mary banged her knee.
Mary banged the table with her fist.
Mary barely ate her lunch.
Mary barely touched her breakfast.
Mary barely touched her dinner.
Mary barely touched her food.
Mary barked.
Mary barricaded herself in her bedroom.
Mary barricaded herself in her room and refused to talk to anyone.
Mary barricaded herself in her room.
Mary bathed herself in milk.
Mary batted her eyelashes at Tom.
Mary batted her eyelashes innocently.
Mary batted her eyelashes.
Mary beamed her happiness.
Mary beat Tom Jackson to win the wrestling tournament.
Mary beat Tom at miniature golf.
Mary beat Tom hands down.
Mary beat Tom in a foot race.
Mary beat Tom's high score.
Mary beat the game and immediately started New Game Plus.
Mary beat the game and immediately started New Game+.
Mary beat the game at its highest difficulty level.
Mary beat them.
Mary became a French teacher when she was thirty.
Mary became a dancer even though her parents didn't want her to.
Mary became a full-time volunteer at the community center.
Mary became a funeral director.
Mary became a grandmother last month.
Mary became a key member of the volunteer emergency team.
Mary became a leader in the fight against crime in her city.
Mary became a mother in 2013.
Mary became a mother in October.
Mary became a nun and opened an orphanage.
Mary became a nun.
Mary became a stay-at-home mother.
Mary became a trusted member of the emergency response unit.
Mary became a trusted volunteer at the local child care center.
Mary became a typist.
Mary became a volunteer at the children's hospital.
Mary became a well rounded young woman.
Mary became an orphan when she was three.
Mary became angry when Tom mentioned her weight.
Mary became aware of her power over him.
Mary became aware of her powers.
Mary became bored after a few minutes.
Mary became defensive.
Mary became depressed after Tom left her.
Mary became famous as an essayist and critic.
Mary became famous very quickly.
Mary became friends with Tom when she was living in Boston.
Mary became ill with chickenpox.
Mary became obsessed with science and astronomy.
Mary became pale with rage.
Mary became pregnant at the age of 14.
Mary became the center of attention.
Mary became very afraid of her favorite doll when its eyes started to blink continuously for no apparent reason.
Mary became very flirtatious.
Mary became worried after she read Tom's letter.
Mary becomes angry when Tom mentions her weight.
Mary becomes bored easily.
Mary becomes lethargic in the summer heat.
Mary began doing that when she was living in Boston.
Mary began doing that when she was thirteen.
Mary began doing that when she was very young.
Mary began fixing herself a drink.
Mary began her speech with a joke.
Mary began playing the drums when she was thirteen.
Mary began putting on her shoes.
Mary began searching frantically through her purse.
Mary began skating when she was thirteen years old.
Mary began to beat Tom.
Mary began to beat her daughter.
Mary began to blush.
Mary began to chuckle.
Mary began to cough violently.
Mary began to do that when she was very young.
Mary began to feel hot under the collar.
Mary began to kiss him.
Mary began to look for a job three months before she graduated from college.
Mary began to panic.
Mary began to shiver in her thin blouse.
Mary began to sing her favorite song and Tom harmonized with her.
Mary began to whistle to herself.
Mary began to wish she were dead.
Mary began to write poems when she was very young.
Mary began wearing glasses when she was three.
Mary began writing poems when she was very young.
Mary began writing poetry when she was thirteen.
Mary began writing songs when she was thirteen.
Mary began.
Mary begged Tom not to do that.
Mary begged Tom not to go.
Mary begged Tom not to hit her anymore.
Mary begged Tom not to leave her.
Mary begged Tom not to leave.
Mary begged Tom not to lie anymore.
Mary begged Tom not to tell her parents about what had happened.
Mary begged Tom to forgive her.
Mary begged Tom to give her another chance.
Mary begged Tom to give her one more chance.
Mary begged Tom to help her do that.
Mary begged Tom to help her.
Mary begged Tom to let her go.
Mary begged Tom to take her home.
Mary begged her father to buy her a new bicycle.
Mary begged me not to hurt her.
Mary begged me to go with her.
Mary begged me to help her do it.
Mary begged me to help her do that.
Mary begged me to help her.
Mary begged me to let her go home early.
Mary begged me to let her in.
Mary behaved as if she were insane.
Mary behaved herself.
Mary behaved like a perfect lady.
Mary belched.
Mary believed Tom when he said he loved her.
Mary believed Tom.
Mary believed everything I told her.
Mary believed everything Tom told her.
Mary believed that Julia was her sister.
Mary believed that she could do that.
Mary believed that she could win.
Mary believed that what Tom told her was true.
Mary believed the story that Tom told her.
Mary believed what Tom told her.
Mary believes Tom is subtly using her gender to discredit her.
Mary believes Tom is trying to discredit her.
Mary believes Tom.
Mary believes beauty comes from a healthy mind and body.
Mary believes beauty is about feeling good inside and out.
Mary believes her life is in danger.
Mary believes her son is still alive.
Mary believes in life before death.
Mary believes in the power of love.
Mary believes it.
Mary believes she can do that.
Mary believes she can take care of herself.
Mary believes she can win.
Mary believes she could do that.
Mary believes she has special powers.
Mary believes she's ready.
Mary believes she's right.
Mary believes that Latin is not a dead language.
Mary believes that Tom is possessed by the devil.
Mary believes that collaboration leads to mutual growth.
Mary believes that discussion is key to expanding one’s knowledge.
Mary believes that everyone has something valuable to teach.
Mary believes that learning together strengthens their connection.
Mary believes that she can do that.
Mary believes that she can take care of herself.
Mary believes that she can win.
Mary believes that teaching Tom helps her refine her own knowledge.
Mary believes that teaching is the best way to learn.
Mary believes that the best way to learn is through shared experiences.
Mary believes that the greatest fortune of man is a life full of purpose.
Mary believes that what she said is true.
Mary believes whatever Tom tells her.
Mary believes you.
Mary bent down and kissed me.
Mary bent down and picked up the pen that she'd dropped.
Mary bent down and touched her toes.
Mary bent down to pet her dog.
Mary bent over and touched her toes.
Mary bent over and tried to touch her toes.
Mary bent over to tie her shoes.
Mary berated Tom.
Mary bet 300 dollars on the game.
Mary bet Tom that she could beat him at arm wrestling.
Mary bet Tom thirty dollars that she could do that.
Mary bet me thirty dollars that she could do that.
Mary betrayed Tom.
Mary betrayed me.
Mary bit her bottom lip.
Mary bit her lip to keep from laughing again.
Mary bit her lip.
Mary bit her lower lip.
Mary bit into the heart-shaped cookie.
Mary bit off her nails.
Mary bites her nails.
Mary blackmailed Tom using explicit photos stolen from his computer.
Mary blamed Jack for leaving their children unattended.
Mary blamed Tom for all her problems.
Mary blamed everybody except herself.
Mary blamed everyone except herself.
Mary blamed her failure on bad luck.
Mary blamed her parents.
Mary blamed herself for what happened.
Mary blamed herself.
Mary blames Tom for all of her problems.
Mary blames herself for what happened to Tom.
Mary blames herself.
Mary bleached her hair yesterday.
Mary blew Tom's hair dry.
Mary blew her hair dry.
Mary blew her nose.
Mary blinked her eyes.
Mary blow-dried her hair.
Mary bluntly refused the gift that Tom, her mother's new boyfriend, wanted to make her. Later, she regretted it.
Mary bluntly rejected Tom's request.
Mary blushed a little and changed the subject.
Mary blushed a little.
Mary blushed again.
Mary blushed and Tom blushed back.
Mary blushed because Alice was looking at her.
Mary blushed because Tom was looking at her.
Mary blushed even more.
Mary blushed when Tom kissed her.
Mary blushed when Tom smiled at her.
Mary blushed when she saw Tom naked.
Mary blushed, and held down her head.
Mary blushed.
Mary booked a seat through her travel agent.
Mary bookmarked her favorite website.
Mary bores me.
Mary borrowed her friend's dress, but forgot to return it.
Mary borrowed money from her family.
Mary borrowed my clothes without asking me.
Mary borrowed some clothes from her friend.
Mary bosses everyone around.
Mary bought Tom a copy of "How to Win Friends and Influence People", by Dale Carnegie.
Mary bought Tom a new lightsaber for his birthday.
Mary bought Tom a pocket watch.
Mary bought Tom a trinket from Italy.
Mary bought Tom everything he asked her to buy.
Mary bought a beer for herself.
Mary bought a blue dress to wear to the dance.
Mary bought a blue tie for Tom.
Mary bought a book containing verses by Korean poets.
Mary bought a car.
Mary bought a fake Gucci handbag.
Mary bought a fake Louis Vuitton handbag in Hong Kong.
Mary bought a few things she didn't need.
Mary bought a gift for her boyfriend.
Mary bought a gift for her daughter.
Mary bought a gravy boat for the Thanksgiving holiday.
Mary bought a handmade necklace from a local vendor.
Mary bought a large portion of a cream tart.
Mary bought a movie for later.
Mary bought a new camera for Tom to replace the one she'd borrowed and lost.
Mary bought a new car with the money she won in the lottery.
Mary bought a new dress for the occasion.
Mary bought a new dress for the party.
Mary bought a new dress today.
Mary bought a new dress.
Mary bought a new sport utility vehicle so that her children would be comfortable when she drove them to soccer practice.
Mary bought a new watch.
Mary bought a new winter coat.
Mary bought a pair of cheap earrings.
Mary bought a present for her daughter's friend.
Mary bought a present for her friend's daughter.
Mary bought a present for her sister.
Mary bought a present for her son.
Mary bought a semi-derelict house for the nominal sum of £1.
Mary bought a shawl for her mother.
Mary bought a shirt and a blouse.
Mary bought a skirt and a blouse.
Mary bought an expensive Christmas present for herself.
Mary bought an expensive handbag.
Mary bought bread.
Mary bought butter, bread, and cheese.
Mary bought clothes and shoes for the trip.
Mary bought eggs, but she forgot to buy bread.
Mary bought everything she needed in just thirty minutes.
Mary bought everything she needed to buy.
Mary bought everything she needed.
Mary bought everything she wanted.
Mary bought flowers.
Mary bought fresh veg from the market.
Mary bought fresh veg on the market.
Mary bought fresh vegetables from the market.
Mary bought fresh vegetables on the market.
Mary bought her children some toys.
Mary bought her dream house.
Mary bought her mother flowers.
Mary bought her ring in Paris.
Mary bought her sister a present.
Mary bought herself a camera.
Mary bought herself a cup of coffee.
Mary bought herself a dog.
Mary bought herself a dress for the party.
Mary bought herself a microscope.
Mary bought herself a new computer.
Mary bought herself a new dress for the dance.
Mary bought herself a new dress.
Mary bought herself a new guitar for Christmas.
Mary bought herself a new purse this afternoon.
Mary bought herself a new saxophone.
Mary bought herself a new sports car.
Mary bought herself a new toothbrush.
Mary bought herself a new truck.
Mary bought herself a pair of pink pyjamas online.
Mary bought herself a sports car.
Mary bought herself a sweater.
Mary bought herself a ticket to Boston.
Mary bought herself a ticket.
Mary bought herself an expensive watch.
Mary bought herself something to eat.
Mary bought herself three new dresses last week.
Mary bought new laces for her shoes.
Mary bought scented garbage bags.
Mary bought several dresses.
Mary bought six games on Steam during the sale.
Mary bought so many things that it took her ten trips to bring the stuff from the garage into her house.
Mary bought some bread.
Mary bought some dinosaur kale at Whole Foods.
Mary bought some handmade souvenirs from a local market.
Mary bought some nail polish.
Mary bought the books she needed.
Mary bought the mousepad.
Mary bought the red sash.
Mary bought this building with the money her grandfather left her.
Mary bought this for me.
Mary bought what she needed to buy.
Mary bought what she needed.
Mary bought what she wanted.
Mary bowed her head and prayed.
Mary bowed her head in shame.
Mary bowed her head.
Mary bowed to me as she left the room.
Mary braced herself.
Mary bragged about how well she could play chess.
Mary bragged about what she'd done.
Mary brags about how well she can do that.
Mary braided her daughter's hair.
Mary breaks more promises than she keeps.
Mary breastfed all of her children.
Mary breastfed her daughter.
Mary bribed them with custard.
Mary brings her children with her to work once or twice a year.
Mary brings us gifts whenever she visits.
Mary bristled with rage after Tom broke her vase.
Mary broke Tom's nose on their first date.
Mary broke both her arms.
Mary broke both her legs.
Mary broke both of her arms.
Mary broke both of her legs.
Mary broke her ankle.
Mary broke her arm last weekend.
Mary broke her arm skiing.
Mary broke her arm three weeks ago.
Mary broke her arm.
Mary broke her glasses.
Mary broke her jaw.
Mary broke her left wrist.
Mary broke her leg skiing.
Mary broke her leg.
Mary broke her new smartphone.
Mary broke her new toy.
Mary broke her own record.
Mary broke her promise and didn't help Tom.
Mary broke her promise.
Mary broke her promises.
Mary broke her right arm.
Mary broke in on our conversation.
Mary broke into Tom's room using a lockpick.
Mary broke into laughter.
Mary broke off a windscreen wiper.
Mary broke off her engagement to Tom.
Mary broke off suddenly.
Mary broke one of her fingernails.
Mary broke out of her shell.
Mary broke the glasses.
Mary broke the window on purpose.
Mary broke up with her boyfriend just before the prom.
Mary broke up with her boyfriend yesterday.
Mary broke up with her boyfriend.
Mary broke up with him.
Mary broke up with me.
Mary broke up with the boy she had been dating.
Mary brought Tom a cup of mint tea.
Mary brought Tom a plate of cookies.
Mary brought a bowl of clotted cream.
Mary brought a few light cakes for tea.
Mary brought dinner.
Mary brought fresh fruit from the market.
Mary brought her brother.
Mary brought her children with her.
Mary brought her daughter to work.
Mary brought her guests some drinks.
Mary brought her sister to meet me.
Mary brought her son to work.
Mary brought her truck to the dynamometer, hoping to show off its horsepower.
Mary brought hers.
Mary brought in the tea and cakes.
Mary brought it on herself.
Mary brought some homemade food to the potluck.
Mary brought some tea and lemon cakes.
Mary brought tea and cake.
Mary brought tea and fruit cake.
Mary brought tea and small cakes.
Mary brought tea cakes.
Mary brought tea, biscuits and cake.
Mary brought this on herself.
Mary brushed Kate's hair.
Mary brushed back her hair from her face.
Mary brushed her daughter's hair.
Mary brushed her hair and put it in a ponytail.
Mary brushed her hair from her face.
Mary brushed her hair out of her face.
Mary brushed her hair.
Mary brushed her horse.
Mary brushed her teeth.
Mary brushed the dirt off her jeans.
Mary brushed the sand from her feet.
Mary brushed the snow from her coat.
Mary brushed the snow off her coat.
Mary brushed the snow off her hat.
Mary built a fir-wood fence around her garden.
Mary built a wooden house.
Mary built it.
Mary built the doghouse herself.
Mary built this doghouse all by herself.
Mary bullied her classmates.
Mary bumped into Tom, causing him to spill his coffee all over his shirt.
Mary buried her face in her hands and sobbed uncontrollably.
Mary buried her face in her hands.
Mary buried her head in Tom's arms.
Mary buried her toes in the warm sand.
Mary burned all of Tom's vinyl records in the backyard.
Mary burned all of her old books.
Mary burned all of her possessions.
Mary burned all of the letters that Tom had sent her.
Mary burned all the letters Tom had sent her.
Mary burned all the letters she got from Tom.
Mary burned all the pictures she had of her ex-boyfriend.
Mary burned everything Tom gave her.
Mary burned everything Tom had given her.
Mary burned her arm.
Mary burned her clothes.
Mary burned her hand on the stove.
Mary burned her hand.
Mary burned her report card.
Mary burned herself badly when she took the pie pan out of the oven without using an oven mitt.
Mary burned herself badly.
Mary burned herself on the stove.
Mary burned herself.
Mary burned the letters of her unfaithful lover.
Mary burned the pancakes.
Mary burnt a hole in her trousers with a cigarette.
Mary burped.
Mary burst into tears and left the room.
Mary burst into the kitchen.
Mary buttered her toast.
Mary buttoned her blouse.
Mary buttoned her coat.
Mary buttoned up her blouse.
Mary buttoned up her coat.
Mary buys a box of chocolates. For every 2 plain chocolates there are 3 milk chocolates. There are 30 chocolates in the box. How many milk chocolates are there?
Mary buys a special shampoo for dry hair.
Mary buys fresh veg from the weekly market.
Mary buys fresh vegetables from the weekly market.
Mary buys her makeup on the Internet.
Mary calculated her expenses.
Mary called Tom a filthy piece of toerag.
Mary called Tom a knob.
Mary called Tom a moron.
Mary called Tom and asked him to come over her house.
Mary called Tom and asked him to come over to her house.
Mary called Tom and had him pick her up at the station.
Mary called Tom and told him she'd be late.
Mary called Tom every bad name she could think of.
Mary called Tom into the kitchen and held the packet of sliced ham under his nose. "Here, smell this and tell me whether we can still eat it."
Mary called Tom into the kitchen.
Mary called Tom to apologize to him, but he hung up on her.
Mary called Tom to say she'd be late.
Mary called Tom to tell her he wouldn't be home until tomorrow.
Mary called Tom to tell him she'd be late.
Mary called Tom to tell him that she might need his help later in the afternoon.
Mary called Tom when she got home.
Mary called and said she'd be late.
Mary called her agent.
Mary called her first child Tom.
Mary called her lawyer.
Mary called her mother and told her she'd be late for dinner.
Mary called her mother to tell her the good news.
Mary called her stuffed squirrel Tom.
Mary called him every name she could think of.
Mary called me a stupid bitch.
Mary called me after Tom called her.
Mary called me almost every day while she was in Boston.
Mary called me names.
Mary called me to tell me that she has a flat tire.
Mary called off her trip.
Mary called the office to say that she'd be late.
Mary called to ask if she should bring anything.
Mary called to ask if there was anything she could do to help.
Mary called to let me know she wouldn't be coming to my party.
Mary called to say she wasn't coming to work today.
Mary called to say she won't be here today.
Mary called to say she would be late.
Mary called to say she wouldn't be at today's meeting.
Mary called to say she wouldn't be back till tomorrow.
Mary called to say she wouldn't be home for lunch.
Mary called to say she'd be late.
Mary called to say she'd be three hours late.
Mary called to say she's on her way.
Mary called to say that she couldn't attend today's meeting.
Mary called to say that she'd be late.
Mary called to say that she'll be late.
Mary called to tell Tom that she'd be late.
Mary called to tell me she'd be late.
Mary called to tell me she'd been in a traffic accident.
Mary called up her friend.
Mary called us.
Mary called you.
Mary calls her mother once a week.
Mary calmly poured herself a drink.
Mary came a little earlier today than she usually does.
Mary came as soon as we called her.
Mary came back from Boston a week earlier than she'd planned.
Mary came back here.
Mary came back safe and sound.
Mary came back to the car.
Mary came before I had waited ten minutes.
Mary came by for a very short visit.
Mary came by herself.
Mary came dancing into the living room wearing a dusty dress. "I found this in a cupboard in the loft!"
Mary came downstairs in her pajamas.
Mary came from a very physically demonstrative family.
Mary came here by herself.
Mary came here on her own.
Mary came here to ask us to help her.
Mary came here with Tom, didn't she?
Mary came home and did her homework.
Mary came home and found Tom in bed with her best friend.
Mary came home by herself.
Mary came home drunk last night.
Mary came home from school in tears because her friends had teased her.
Mary came in.
Mary came instead of Tom.
Mary came into the castle riding a chestnut steed.
Mary came into the living room wearing a bathrobe.
Mary came on her own.
Mary came out at work.
Mary came out of her hiding place.
Mary came out of her office.
Mary came out of her room.
Mary came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her body.
Mary came out of the bathroom with only a towel on.
Mary came out of the closet at work.
Mary came out of the shower with a towel wrapped around her head.
Mary came racing down the stairs.
Mary came to America to visit her boyfriend.
Mary came to Australia as a teacher.
Mary came to Australia to visit her boyfriend.
Mary came to Boston as a teacher.
Mary came to Boston for the first time when she was three.
Mary came to Boston when she was a child.
Mary came to Boston when she was thirteen years old.
Mary came to Boston when she was thirteen.
Mary came to Boston, hoping to find a husband.
Mary came to Brazil.
Mary came to ask us to help her.
Mary came to her senses.
Mary came to return a book she'd borrowed.
Mary came to school even though she was sick.
Mary came to visit us with her new boyfriend.
Mary came to.
Mary came up behind me and put her arms around my neck.
Mary came up to Tom at the party and told him she had a crush on him.
Mary came up to me when she saw me.
Mary came up with an idea.
Mary came with her brother.
Mary came with her dog.
Mary came with her father.
Mary came with her friends.
Mary came with her parents.
Mary can afford to buy any car she wants.
Mary can afford to buy the car she wants.
Mary can already write her own name.
Mary can always try doing that by herself.
Mary can barely feed her family.
Mary can barely pay her rent.
Mary can be helpful when she wants to.
Mary can be persuasive when she wants to be.
Mary can be so dramatic.
Mary can be such a drama queen.
Mary can blame no one but herself.
Mary can buy whatever she wants.
Mary can carry her own weight.
Mary can come back here anytime she wants.
Mary can come over to my place whenever she wants.
Mary can come with us if she wants to.
Mary can come with you if she wants to.
Mary can come, too, if she wants to.
Mary can communicate with ghosts.
Mary can cook anything without recipes.
Mary can cook anything without using a recipe.
Mary can cook better than her husband.
Mary can cook everything without needing a recipe.
Mary can dance fairly well, can't she?
Mary can dance well.
Mary can defend herself, Tom.
Mary can definitely take care of herself.
Mary can do a split.
Mary can do anything she wants to.
Mary can do anything she wants.
Mary can do it as well as Tom can.
Mary can do it if she tries.
Mary can do it, can't she?
Mary can do that again if she wants to.
Mary can do that any way she likes.
Mary can do that anywhere she chooses.
Mary can do that anywhere she wants.
Mary can do that by herself now.
Mary can do that by herself.
Mary can do that herself.
Mary can do that however she likes.
Mary can do that if she likes.
Mary can do that if she tries.
Mary can do that if she wants to.
Mary can do that if she wants.
Mary can do that on her own.
Mary can do that right now if she wants to.
Mary can do that wherever she chooses.
Mary can do that wherever she wants.
Mary can do that with her bare hands.
Mary can do that with her eyes closed.
Mary can do that, can't she?
Mary can do the job, I'm sure, but it'll take her a long time.
Mary can do the splits.
Mary can do what she likes.
Mary can do what she wants to do.
Mary can do what she wants.
Mary can do whatever she likes as far as I'm concerned.
Mary can do whatever she pleases.
Mary can drive, can't she?
Mary can easily support herself.
Mary can eat and drink anything she wants and still stay skinny.
Mary can eat anything she wants.
Mary can eat as much as she wants.
Mary can face death with so much serenity.
Mary can fix the heater.
Mary can foretell the future.
Mary can get home by herself.
Mary can go if she wants to.
Mary can go swimming right now if she wants to.
Mary can go whenever she likes.
Mary can go wherever she likes.
Mary can go with you if she likes.
Mary can handle herself.
Mary can handle it herself.
Mary can handle that by herself.
Mary can hardly support herself on her salary.
Mary can have anything she wants.
Mary can have as many cookies as she wants.
Mary can have as much ice cream as she wants.
Mary can have everything she wants.
Mary can have whatever she wants.
Mary can join us if she wants.
Mary can keep doing that if she wants to.
Mary can leave early if she wants to.
Mary can leave if she wants to.
Mary can leave if she wants.
Mary can lick her own chin.
Mary can look after herself.
Mary can make herself understood in French.
Mary can meet you at the airport if you let her know your arrival time.
Mary can move objects with the power of her mind.
Mary can no longer do her job.
Mary can no longer do the things she used to be able to do.
Mary can now do that by herself.
Mary can only trust us.
Mary can operate a crane.
Mary can paint far better than I can.
Mary can pick you up at the train station if you want her to.
Mary can predict the future.
Mary can probably take care of herself.
Mary can protect herself.
Mary can read some French, but she can't speak it at all.
Mary can read, can't she?
Mary can rest as long as she wants to.
Mary can rest as long as she wants.
Mary can rest.
Mary can say what she wants to say.
Mary can say what she wants.
Mary can say whatever she wants.
Mary can sew very well.
Mary can sing.
Mary can sit next to me if she wants to.
Mary can sit wherever she likes.
Mary can ski as well as her sister.
Mary can ski just as well as her brother.
Mary can sleep here if she wants to.
Mary can speak French almost as well as she can speak English.
Mary can speak French almost as well as she speaks English.
Mary can speak French better than you think she does.
Mary can speak French, Esperanto, Elvish and Python fluently.
Mary can speak French, can't she?
Mary can speak Japanese.
Mary can speak for herself.
Mary can speak three languages.
Mary can stay as long as she likes.
Mary can stay as long as she wants to.
Mary can stay here a little longer if she wants to.
Mary can stay here as long as she likes.
Mary can stay here as long as she wants to.
Mary can stay if she wants to.
Mary can stay with me if she wants.
Mary can stay with us as long as she wants to.
Mary can stay with us if she likes.
Mary can stay with us if she wants to.
Mary can still make it on time if she runs.
Mary can still take care of herself.
Mary can study in my office if she wants to.
Mary can swim a lot better than I thought she'd be able to.
Mary can swim, can't she?
Mary can swim.
Mary can take a break if she wants.
Mary can take a couple of weeks off if she needs to.
Mary can take anything she wants.
Mary can take care of herself now.
Mary can take care of herself, can't she?
Mary can take care of herself.
Mary can take care of herself. I am not the slightest bit worried about her.
Mary can take her time. Tell her there's no need to hurry.
Mary can take the bus to the station. You don't need to drive her.
Mary can talk for hours without stopping.
Mary can tell Tom anything she wants to.
Mary can tell Tom if she wants to.
Mary can tell Tom whatever she likes.
Mary can tell Tom whatever she wants to.
Mary can tell me herself.
Mary can tell me what happened when she gets here.
Mary can turn her hand to just about anything.
Mary can use my bicycle if she wants.
Mary can use my computer if she wants.
Mary can walk on her hands.
Mary can wear anything she wants.
Mary can't abide Tom leaving his dirty clothes on the floor.
Mary can't afford to buy the car she wants.
Mary can't always get what she wants.
Mary can't be hungry. She's just eaten dinner.
Mary can't be in Boston. I just saw her in Chicago.
Mary can't be over thirty. She looks like she's about eighteen.
Mary can't believe what she just saw.
Mary can't blame anyone but herself.
Mary can't breathe on her own.
Mary can't bring herself to eat chocolates in the shape of cute animals, so she asked Tom not to give her any anymore.
Mary can't bring herself to say no.
Mary can't carry all those suitcases so you should help her.
Mary can't come because she's sick.
Mary can't come to work today because she doesn't feel well.
Mary can't come. She has to take care of her daughter.
Mary can't control her children.
Mary can't control her emotions.
Mary can't cook as well as her mother can.
Mary can't cook as well as her mother.
Mary can't cook very well, so she often eats out.
Mary can't decide when she should leave.
Mary can't decide whether or not to buy the dress.
Mary can't decide whether she should go.
Mary can't decide who she should vote for.
Mary can't do all this work by herself.
Mary can't do anything by herself.
Mary can't do anything right, can she?
Mary can't do everything by herself.
Mary can't do everything herself.
Mary can't do it all by herself.
Mary can't do it all herself.
Mary can't do it all on her own.
Mary can't do it alone. Could you please help her?
Mary can't do it alone. You need to help her.
Mary can't do it by herself.
Mary can't do that alone. Could you please help her?
Mary can't do that alone. I hope Tom can help her.
Mary can't do that alone. Tom will have to help her.
Mary can't do that alone. You have to help her.
Mary can't do that alone. You need to help her.
Mary can't do that by herself.
Mary can't do that by herself. Could you please help her?
Mary can't do that herself.
Mary can't do that on her own.
Mary can't do that right now. She's busy.
Mary can't do that right now. She's really busy.
Mary can't do that, can she?
Mary can't do the job by herself. Would you mind helping her?
Mary can't dress herself and she can't feed herself.
Mary can't eat it all herself.
Mary can't even read French, much less speak it.
Mary can't even remember her name.
Mary can't find anyone to help her.
Mary can't find her bag.
Mary can't find her hat.
Mary can't find her keys.
Mary can't find her shoes.
Mary can't find her ticket.
Mary can't find her watch.
Mary can't fix everything by herself.
Mary can't forgive herself for what she did to Tom.
Mary can't get enough of it.
Mary can't get her car started.
Mary can't get her car to start.
Mary can't get her computer to work.
Mary can't get her headphones untangled.
Mary can't get home by herself.
Mary can't get rid of her cough.
Mary can't go anywhere by herself.
Mary can't go out because she has a lot of homework.
Mary can't go out today because she's sick.
Mary can't go out without putting on makeup and doing her hair.
Mary can't go to Australia, either.
Mary can't go to Boston, either.
Mary can't have any more children.
Mary can't have children.
Mary can't have done all this by herself.
Mary can't have done it by herself.
Mary can't have done that all by herself.
Mary can't have done that by herself.
Mary can't have done what you say she did.
Mary can't have done what you think she did.
Mary can't have written this by herself.
Mary can't have written this letter herself.
Mary can't help herself.
Mary can't help move the piano because she has a bad back.
Mary can't help the way she is.
Mary can't help us right now. She's really busy.
Mary can't hold down a job. She's always getting fired.
Mary can't hold her liquor.
Mary can't just do anything she wants.
Mary can't just do whatever she wants.
Mary can't keep her mouth shut.
Mary can't lift that crate by herself.
Mary can't make ends meet on her pension. That's why she works half-days as a cleaning lady in a restaurant.
Mary can't make her own decisions.
Mary can't make herself understood in French.
Mary can't make up her mind.
Mary can't manage on her own.
Mary can't picture herself as a teacher.
Mary can't play tennis as well as she says she can.
Mary can't play the piano as well as she used to.
Mary can't possibly do that by herself.
Mary can't quite bring herself to tell Tom she loves him.
Mary can't read music, so she plays the piano by ear.
Mary can't read without her glasses.
Mary can't really be as mean as people say she is.
Mary can't really be as rich as people say she is.
Mary can't really see anything from where she is.
Mary can't remember exactly what she was supposed to do.
Mary can't remember her name.
Mary can't remember when she moved to Boston.
Mary can't resist getting on her soapbox whenever the topic comes up.
Mary can't run as fast as she used to.
Mary can't see Tom from where she is.
Mary can't see without her glasses.
Mary can't seem to access her data.
Mary can't seem to control her anger.
Mary can't seem to help herself.
Mary can't seem to keep her eyes off Tom.
Mary can't sew very well.
Mary can't sleep without her cuddly toy shark. She thinks it protects her while she sleeps, and can do that much better than any teddy.
Mary can't speak French as well as I thought she could.
Mary can't speak French, can she?
Mary can't stand Tom's boss, because he's a male chauvinist pig.
Mary can't stand Tom's brother.
Mary can't stand it when Tom hovers around her while she's cooking.
Mary can't stand it when Tom leaves the lid up in the loo.
Mary can't stand it when Tom leaves the toilet lid up.
Mary can't stay here by herself.
Mary can't stop thinking about it.
Mary can't swim like she used to.
Mary can't swim very well, can she?
Mary can't swim, and John can't, either.
Mary can't swim, can she?
Mary can't take care of herself.
Mary can't tie her own shoes yet.
Mary can't tie her own shoes.
Mary can't tie her shoelaces by herself.
Mary can't tie her shoes by herself.
Mary can't touch her toes.
Mary can't trust Tom.
Mary can't understand why Tom is mad at her.
Mary can't walk on her own yet.
Mary can't weight bear for at least six weeks following an ankle reconstruction.
Mary can't win and she knows it.
Mary canceled her appointment.
Mary canceled her hotel reservation.
Mary canceled her plans to visit Tom.
Mary canceled her trip.
Mary cannot have children.
Mary cannot have done such a thing.
Mary cannot open the door.
Mary cannot see or hear.
Mary cannot swim.
Mary can’t decide whether or not to buy the dress.
Mary can’t even read French, much less speak it.
Mary can’t swim, and John can’t, either.
Mary cared for Tom's daughter while he was in jail.
Mary cared for her sick father.
Mary cared for the sick and the poor.
Mary carefully planned what she was going to do.
Mary carefully took off her mask.
Mary cares about her health.
Mary cares for her sick mother.
Mary carried her son on her back.
Mary carried on working, despite her illness.
Mary carries a gun with her all the time.
Mary carries a gun with her at all times.
Mary carries a harmonica with her all the time.
Mary carries a harmonica with her at all times.
Mary carries pepper spray in her purse.
Mary cast a spell on Tom.
Mary cast buffs before entering the fight.
Mary caught Tom laughing.
Mary caught Tom looking at her.
Mary caught Tom prying into her diary, trying to find out if she was seeing someone else.
Mary caught Tom staring at her.
Mary caught Tom trying her pantyhose on in the bathroom.
Mary caught Tom's eye.
Mary caught Tom.
Mary caught me.
Mary caught only a fleeting glimpse of the wild boar as it sped by.
Mary caught sight of her best friend.
Mary caught syphillis.
Mary caught the ball.
Mary caught the bouquet.
Mary caught the wrong bus.
Mary caused this.
Mary celebrates New Year's Day with her family.
Mary celebrates New Year’s Day with her family.
Mary certainly appeared to be enjoying herself.
Mary certainly couldn't have thought up this plan by herself.
Mary certainly did everything we asked her to do.
Mary certainly did her part.
Mary certainly didn't have my permission to do what she did.
Mary certainly didn't say what you thought she said.
Mary certainly enjoys her wine.
Mary certainly is full of energy today.
Mary certainly isn't as smart as Tom thinks she is.
Mary certainly knows what she's doing.
Mary certainly looks like she's rich.
Mary certainly seems to know what she's talking about.
Mary certainly sounds like she's not planning to come.
Mary certainly thinks she's clever.
Mary certainly works hard, doesn't she?
Mary chained her bicycle to a tree.
Mary chained herself to a tree.
Mary chained herself to the microphone in protest of the war in Gaza.
Mary chained herself to the microphone in protest of the war in the Gaza Strip.
Mary changed Tom's diapers.
Mary changed Tom's nappies.
Mary changed her clothes.
Mary changed her diet.
Mary changed her email address.
Mary changed her hair color.
Mary changed her hair colour and Tom didn't even notice.
Mary changed her mind.
Mary changed her number after breaking up with Tom.
Mary changed her password.
Mary changed her plans.
Mary changed her tactics.
Mary changed in the bathroom.
Mary changed into a very nice dress.
Mary changed into her evening gown.
Mary changed into her school uniform.
Mary changed into her swimsuit.
Mary changed into her uniform.
Mary changed into something more comfortable.
Mary changed out of her wet clothes.
Mary changed the color of her hair.
Mary changed the locks on her doors.
Mary changed the sheets on her bed.
Mary changes her friends as often as others do their shirts.
Mary changes her mind a lot.
Mary changes her mind all the time.
Mary changes her nail color almost every day.
Mary changes her passwords often.
Mary changes the colour of her nails almost daily.
Mary chased Tom to his death.
Mary chased after her dog.
Mary chased her husband out of her kitchen.
Mary chased the globe-lightning out of the kitchen with a broom.
Mary cheated in the exam with the help of a time machine.
Mary cheated on Tom and then he cheated on her.
Mary cheated on Tom.
Mary cheated on her history test.
Mary cheated on her husband.
Mary cheated on him.
Mary cheated on you.
Mary checked her calendar.
Mary checked her email on her phone.
Mary checked her makeup in the mirror.
Mary checked her makeup.
Mary checked her messages.
Mary checked her notes.
Mary checked her phone again.
Mary checked her pockets.
Mary checked her watch.
Mary checked herself in the mirror.
Mary checked the list to make sure she had everything.
Mary chewed her lip.
Mary chewed on her nails nervously.
Mary chewed on her nails.
Mary chewed on her pencil.
Mary chews on her fingernails.
Mary chickened out at the last moment.
Mary chided Tom for spending so much time on Tatoeba.
Mary choked on her drink.
Mary choked on her sandwich.
Mary choked on her water.
Mary chopped a tree down.
Mary chopped down the branch with an ax.
Mary chopped off the chicken's head.
Mary chopped some onions.
Mary chopped the carrots.
Mary chops wood every day.
Mary chose her words carefully.
Mary chose her words with care.
Mary chose the blue dress.
Mary chose the largest apple for herself.
Mary chose to wear a red dress.
Mary chuckled quietly to herself.
Mary chuckled to herself as she read Tom's letter.
Mary chuckled to herself.
Mary chuckled.
Mary chugged her beer.
Mary claimed Tom owed her money.
Mary claimed she acted alone.
Mary claimed she could do that.
Mary claimed she did that.
Mary claimed she didn't agree to do that.
Mary claimed she didn't do that.
Mary claimed she didn't remember anything.
Mary claimed she left early.
Mary claimed she overdosed on gluten and so Tom drove her to the hospital.
Mary claimed she saw a UFO.
Mary claimed she tried to do that.
Mary claimed she waited until 2:30.
Mary claimed she walked from Boston to Chicago.
Mary claimed she was innocent.
Mary claimed she wasn't afraid.
Mary claimed she wasn't guilty.
Mary claimed she wasn't paid.
Mary claimed she wasn't the one who did that.
Mary claimed she won.
Mary claimed she'd been brainwashed.
Mary claimed she's done that.
Mary claimed she's never done that.
Mary claimed that her purse had been stolen.
Mary claimed that she acted alone.
Mary claimed that she could run faster than Tom.
Mary claimed that she didn't cry.
Mary claimed that she didn't do it.
Mary claimed that she didn't do that.
Mary claimed that she didn't see anything.
Mary claimed that she passed the exam.
Mary claimed that she saw a UFO.
Mary claimed that she was innocent.
Mary claimed that the handbag had been a present from her husband.
Mary claimed the bag was a gift from her husband.
Mary claimed to be innocent.
Mary claims she acted in self-defense.
Mary claims she can do that.
Mary claims she can influence the weather.
Mary claims she can see the future.
Mary claims she can swim.
Mary claims she can take care of herself.
Mary claims she couldn't care less, but I bet she could.
Mary claims she did that.
Mary claims she didn't agree to do that.
Mary claims she didn't cry.
Mary claims she didn't do it.
Mary claims she didn't do that.
Mary claims she didn't know that Tom was planning on doing that.
Mary claims she didn't know that Tom was planning to do that.
Mary claims she didn't know that was going to happen.
Mary claims she doesn't know anything about Tom.
Mary claims she doesn't remember anything.
Mary claims she doesn't remember.
Mary claims she doesn't watch much TV, but she watches more than three hours every day.
Mary claims she had second thoughts.
Mary claims she has never told a lie.
Mary claims she has psychic powers.
Mary claims she has telepathic powers.
Mary claims she hasn't been paid yet.
Mary claims she hasn't yet been paid.
Mary claims she never said that.
Mary claims she never wanted to do that.
Mary claims she was born in 2013.
Mary claims she was born in Australia.
Mary claims she was brainwashed.
Mary claims she was busy.
Mary claims she was drunk at the time.
Mary claims she was misquoted.
Mary claims she wasn't the one who did that.
Mary claims she won.
Mary claims she's able to take care of herself.
Mary claims she's already done that.
Mary claims she's done that already.
Mary claims she's done that many times.
Mary claims she's done that.
Mary claims she's innocent.
Mary claims she's never done that.
Mary claims she's taught French.
Mary claims she's telepathic.
Mary claims that Google Translate translates better than I do. That is a brazen lie.
Mary claims that doesn't bother her.
Mary claims that she can speak French.
Mary claims that she didn't cry.
Mary claims that she didn't do that.
Mary claims that she saw the accident.
Mary claims that she was born in 2013.
Mary claims that she was born in Boston.
Mary claims that she's happy.
Mary claims that she's innocent.
Mary claims that she's never lied to me.
Mary claims that she's rich.
Mary claims that she's taught French.
Mary claims that she's unbiased.
Mary claims that you stole the pearls from her.
Mary claims to be a singer, though she doesn't sing well at all.
Mary claims you stole her pearls.
Mary clapped her hands to her face.
Mary clapped her hands together.
Mary clapped her hands.
Mary clapped.
Mary clasped her hands behind her back.
Mary cleaned her apartment from top to bottom.
Mary cleaned her boots by the fire.
Mary cleaned her glasses.
Mary cleaned her rifle carefully.
Mary cleaned her room before dinner.
Mary cleaned her room in a hurry.
Mary cleaned her room last weekend.
Mary cleaned her room quickly.
Mary cleaned her room this morning.
Mary cleaned her room.
Mary cleaned out her bedroom closet.
Mary cleaned the bathtub.
Mary cleaned the garage all by herself.
Mary cleaned the house all by herself.
Mary cleaned the house by herself.
Mary cleans her room every Monday.
Mary cleans up after herself.
Mary cleared her throat nervously.
Mary cleared her throat.
Mary cleared the platforming section with ease.
Mary clearly had a lot on her mind.
Mary clearly had something to hide.
Mary clenched her fist.
Mary clenched her fists.
Mary clenched her teeth.
Mary climbed into her car.
Mary climbed into her truck.
Mary climbed on the roof and looked out over the town.
Mary climbed onto a chair and began to dance.
Mary climbed up the ladder as quickly as she could.
Mary clobbered Tom with a skillet.
Mary closed her eyes and began to count squirrels.
Mary closed her eyes and fell asleep.
Mary closed her eyes and listened to the music.
Mary closed her eyes and made a wish.
Mary closed her eyes and sighed.
Mary closed her eyes and thought about Tom.
Mary closed her eyes and waited for Tom's kiss.
Mary closed her eyes and waited for Tom's kiss. When she opened her eyes Tom was gone.
Mary closed her eyes for a second and waited for Tom's kiss.
Mary closed her eyes for a second and waited for Tom's kiss. When she opened her eyes, Tom was gone.
Mary closed her eyes for a second.
Mary closed her eyes tightly.
Mary closed her eyes.
Mary closed her locker.
Mary closed her mouth.
Mary closed her notebook.
Mary closed her textbook.
Mary closed the curtains before she got undressed.
Mary closed the door as quietly as she could.
Mary closed the door behind her.
Mary closed the door behind herself.
Mary closed the door of her bedroom.
Mary closed the door quietly behind her.
Mary closed the door quietly.
Mary closed the door silently.
Mary closed the door when she left the room.
Mary clutched her books to her chest.
Mary clutched her books.
Mary collapsed in tears.
Mary collected beautiful shells to bring home as souvenirs.
Mary collected coffee cups.
Mary collected sea glass as they strolled along the shore.
Mary collected seashells while walking along the shore.
Mary collects antique dolls.
Mary collects anything that's connected with squirrels.
Mary collects her daughter from nursery school.
Mary collects shoes and handbags.
Mary combed her fingers through her hair.
Mary combed her hair.
Mary comes and goes as she pleases.
Mary comes from a big family.
Mary comes from a good family.
Mary comes from a wealthy family.
Mary comes from a working-class family.
Mary comes from the Faroe Islands.
Mary comes from the upper middle-class.
Mary committed suicide by hanging herself.
Mary compared her answers with Tom's.
Mary competes in ski races.
Mary complained about her husband again - the same old story.
Mary complained about her job.
Mary complained about her low salary.
Mary complained about the way they treated her.
Mary complained that Tom never helped her.
Mary complained that her back hurt.
Mary complained that she couldn't find a job.
Mary complained that she didn't have enough time to read.
Mary complained that she had too much homework.
Mary complains about her job a lot.
Mary completed her degree in 2013.
Mary completed her national service last year.
Mary completed her painting.
Mary completed the training to become an emergency medical technician.
Mary completely lost her head.
Mary completely lost her mind.
Mary concealed the fact that she'd been in prison.
Mary conceived the diabolical master plan.
Mary conducted the orchestra using a baton.
Mary conferred with her lawyer.
Mary confessed after her wedding that she was not a virgin anymore.
Mary confessed that she did that.
Mary confessed that she had given Tom her phone number.
Mary confessed that she had stolen the money.
Mary confessed that she prefers well-endowed men.
Mary confessed that she was afraid.
Mary confessed that she was guilty.
Mary confessed that she was the one who had done that.
Mary confessed that she'd broken the window.
Mary confessed that she'd eaten all of the cookies.
Mary confessed to being a witch.
Mary confessed to killing her husband.
Mary confessed to me that she'd done that.
Mary confessed to murdering Tom and Jerry.
Mary confided in her friend.
Mary confronted him about his behavior.
Mary considered her answer carefully.
Mary considered her answer very carefully.
Mary considered her options.
Mary considered herself a gamer.
Mary considered herself lucky.
Mary considered herself unworthy of the affection Tom offered her.
Mary considered it.
Mary considers herself a pacifist.
Mary considers herself fluent in French.
Mary considers herself fortunate.
Mary considers herself lucky.
Mary considers herself relatively lucky.
Mary constantly checks her phone.
Mary constantly contradicts herself.
Mary consulted with her attorney.
Mary continued doing that her whole life.
Mary continued doing that until she died.
Mary continued her investigation.
Mary continued to do that until she died.
Mary continued to do that until the day she died.
Mary continued to play her banjo even after everybody asked her to stop.
Mary continued to rebuff Tom's advances.
Mary continued to work despite her illness.
Mary continued to work in spite of her illness.
Mary continued working even though she was very tired.
Mary continues to deny that she did that.
Mary continues to deny that she was the one who did that.
Mary contradicted herself.
Mary contradicts herself a lot.
Mary contradicts herself all the time.
Mary convinced Tom that it wasn't her fault.
Mary convinced Tom to buy her an expensive watch.
Mary convinced Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary convinced Tom to help her.
Mary convinced Tom to lend her some money.
Mary convinced Tom to loan her some money.
Mary convinced Tom to make her a sandwich.
Mary convinced Tom to teach her French.
Mary convinced herself that she hadn't done anything wrong.
Mary convinced herself that what she was doing wasn't wrong.
Mary convinced me.
Mary convinced the teacher to let her hand in her homework late.
Mary cooked Tom's favorite dish.
Mary cooked a stew.
Mary cooked a vegetable stew.
Mary cooked all her own meals.
Mary cooked an impressive dinner.
Mary cooked dinner last night.
Mary cooked for everyone.
Mary cooked herself a good meal.
Mary cooked shish kebab for her nephews.
Mary cooks her own meals.
Mary corrected herself.
Mary corrected it.
Mary coughed blood into her handkerchief.
Mary coughed.
Mary could always do that if she wanted to.
Mary could always try doing that by herself.
Mary could barely contain her excitement.
Mary could be a model.
Mary could be a teacher if she wanted to be.
Mary could be busy now, but I don't think she is.
Mary could be in her office.
Mary could be planning on doing that by herself.
Mary could be planning on going there by herself.
Mary could be planning to do that by herself.
Mary could be planning to go there by herself.
Mary could be the boss if she wanted to be.
Mary could buy everything she needed.
Mary could buy what she needed.
Mary could change her mind.
Mary could come with me if she wants to.
Mary could do a lot better if she tried.
Mary could do anything she wanted.
Mary could do everything by herself.
Mary could do everything she had to do.
Mary could do everything she needed to do.
Mary could do it if she tried.
Mary could do it if she wanted to.
Mary could do much better if she tried.
Mary could do that again if she had to.
Mary could do that for Tom if he wanted her to.
Mary could do that for Tom if she wanted to.
Mary could do that herself.
Mary could do that if she put her mind to it.
Mary could do that if she really wanted to.
Mary could do that if she tried.
Mary could do that if she wanted to.
Mary could do that if you gave her a chance.
Mary could do that in her sleep.
Mary could do that well when she was young.
Mary could do that well when she was younger.
Mary could do what she had to do.
Mary could do what she needed to do.
Mary could feel her knees shaking.
Mary could feel the sun on her face.
Mary could feel the sun on her neck.
Mary could force you to do that, but I doubt if she will.
Mary could generally tell when Tom was lying, because he couldn't help but grin mischievously.
Mary could get arrested if she does that again.
Mary could get arrested if she does that.
Mary could get fired if she did that.
Mary could get fired if she didn't do that.
Mary could get here if she wanted to.
Mary could get hurt if she did that.
Mary could get hurt if she does that.
Mary could get hurt if she tried to do that.
Mary could get hurt if she tries to do that.
Mary could get in trouble if she does that.
Mary could get injured if she did that.
Mary could get injured if she tried to do that.
Mary could get punished if she did that.
Mary could go home if she wanted to.
Mary could go home if she wants to.
Mary could hardly believe her ears.
Mary could hardly believe her eyes.
Mary could hardly believe her luck.
Mary could hardly believe her.
Mary could hardly make herself understood in French.
Mary could hardly make herself understood.
Mary could hardly wait to tell her friends.
Mary could have anything she wanted.
Mary could have asked Tom for help, but she didn't.
Mary could have been the flower girl.
Mary could hear Tom singing in the shower.
Mary could hear Tom, but he couldn't see her.
Mary could hear the sounds of muffled laughter through the wall.
Mary could help Tom if she wanted to.
Mary could hurt herself if she's not careful.
Mary could hurt herself.
Mary could make you do that, but I doubt if she will.
Mary could never do what you are asking her to do.
Mary could no longer control herself.
Mary could no longer hide her fear.
Mary could not avoid the cause of her obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Mary could not believe that Tom liked eating spinach as a child -- until the day that politeness forced her to try her grandmother's spinach. From then on, she had a new favorite dish!
Mary could not bring herself to eat the cute squirrel-shaped cookies that Tom had baked for her.
Mary could not finish her dinner.
Mary could not help but think about Tom.
Mary could not imagine spending a year in Korea.
Mary could not stop looking at the picture of Sleeping Beauty that Tom had drawn.
Mary could not turn away from the picture of Sleeping Beauty that Tom had drawn.
Mary could only think of one thing she really wanted to do.
Mary could possibly be lonely, but I don't think she is.
Mary could probably do that by herself.
Mary could probably do that on her own.
Mary could quit if she wanted to.
Mary could read when she was three.
Mary could refuse to do that, but I don't think she will.
Mary could retire if she wanted to.
Mary could run a lot faster when she was young.
Mary could save herself a lot of time by just doing that herself.
Mary could save herself a lot of trouble by just doing that herself.
Mary could scarcely believe her eyes.
Mary could sing quite well when she was a child.
Mary could stay at our house if she wants to.
Mary could stay here if she wanted to.
Mary could stay with us tonight if she wanted to.
Mary could swim a lot faster when she was young.
Mary could swim when she was three years old.
Mary could tell by the way Tom slammed the door that he wasn't happy.
Mary could think of no reason why she should stay.
Mary could try doing that by herself.
Mary could've been finished doing that by 2:30 if she'd worked a little faster.
Mary could've been finished doing that by now if she hadn't wasted so much time.
Mary could've been frightened, but she didn't seem to be.
Mary could've been frightened, but she didn't show it.
Mary could've been in Boston by now if she'd wanted to be.
Mary could've been nervous, but she didn't seem to be.
Mary could've been quicker at doing that than Tom if she'd tried harder.
Mary could've been right, but I think she was wrong.
Mary could've been scared, but she didn't show it.
Mary could've been suspicious, but she didn't seem to be.
Mary could've been the flower girl.
Mary could've been there, but I didn't see her.
Mary could've broken her neck.
Mary could've come yesterday, but she didn't.
Mary could've complained, but she didn't.
Mary could've done anything she wanted.
Mary could've done better if she'd had more time.
Mary could've done it by herself.
Mary could've done that by herself, I think.
Mary could've done that by herself.
Mary could've done that faster by herself.
Mary could've done that for Tom if she'd wanted to.
Mary could've done that if she'd tried harder.
Mary could've done that if she'd wanted to.
Mary could've done that if you'd helped her.
Mary could've done that on her own.
Mary could've done that, but she chose not to.
Mary could've done that, but she didn't.
Mary could've fallen to her death.
Mary could've gone by herself.
Mary could've gone camping with you if you'd let her know you were going.
Mary could've had this job if she'd wanted it.
Mary could've helped me, but she didn't.
Mary could've hurt herself today.
Mary could've hurt herself.
Mary could've kicked herself.
Mary could've left early if she'd wanted to.
Mary could've lied to you, but she didn't.
Mary could've refused to do that, but she didn't.
Mary could've said something, but she didn't.
Mary could've saved herself.
Mary could've solved that problem by herself.
Mary could've stayed home today if she'd wanted to.
Mary could've stopped doing that if she'd wanted to.
Mary could've won if she'd tried a little harder.
Mary could've won if she'd wanted to.
Mary couldn't accomplish everything she'd hoped she could.
Mary couldn't afford to buy everything she needed.
Mary couldn't afford to buy the bicycle she wanted.
Mary couldn't answer this question.
Mary couldn't ask for anything more.
Mary couldn't attend the meeting because she was sick.
Mary couldn't attend the party because she was sick.
Mary couldn't believe her bad luck.
Mary couldn't believe her ears.
Mary couldn't believe her eyes.
Mary couldn't believe her good fortune.
Mary couldn't believe her good luck.
Mary couldn't believe her luck.
Mary couldn't believe that Tom had never listened to Stairway to Heaven.
Mary couldn't believe that Tom really loved her.
Mary couldn't believe that Tom was still hungry.
Mary couldn't believe that she was going out with one of the best looking guys at school.
Mary couldn't believe what Tom told her.
Mary couldn't believe what she heard.
Mary couldn't believe what she saw.
Mary couldn't believe what she was hearing.
Mary couldn't borrow as much money as she needed.
Mary couldn't bring herself to pull the trigger.
Mary couldn't bring herself to tell Tom about the accident.
Mary couldn't bring herself to throw it away.
Mary couldn't bring herself to watch.
Mary couldn't buy everything she needed.
Mary couldn't buy what she needed.
Mary couldn't catch what Tom said.
Mary couldn't come because she was busy.
Mary couldn't come because she was sick.
Mary couldn't come because she's sick.
Mary couldn't come here today because she had something else to do.
Mary couldn't come see us for Christmas, so we went to see her.
Mary couldn't come today because she's sick.
Mary couldn't contain her anger.
Mary couldn't control her emotions.
Mary couldn't control her son.
Mary couldn't control her temper.
Mary couldn't control herself when she saw Tom kissing Alice.
Mary couldn't control herself.
Mary couldn't cope with Tom's infidelity.
Mary couldn't count to ten until she was three years old.
Mary couldn't decide exactly when she should go to Boston.
Mary couldn't decide what she should buy for Tom.
Mary couldn't defend herself.
Mary couldn't deny that she found him handsome.
Mary couldn't do anything she had to do.
Mary couldn't do anything she needed to do.
Mary couldn't do anything she wanted to do.
Mary couldn't do anything she was supposed to do.
Mary couldn't do everything she had to do.
Mary couldn't do everything she needed to do.
Mary couldn't do it by herself.
Mary couldn't do it, but Tom could.
Mary couldn't do it, so she asked Tom to help her.
Mary couldn't do it.
Mary couldn't do that by herself, so she asked Tom to help her.
Mary couldn't do that by herself.
Mary couldn't do that even if she tried.
Mary couldn't do that even if she wanted to.
Mary couldn't do that to herself.
Mary couldn't do that, could she?
Mary couldn't do that, so she asked Tom to help her.
Mary couldn't do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary couldn't do what she had to do.
Mary couldn't do what she needed to do.
Mary couldn't do what she should've done.
Mary couldn't do what she wanted to.
Mary couldn't do what she wanted.
Mary couldn't do what she was asked to do.
Mary couldn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary couldn't do what we were hoping she could do.
Mary couldn't eat anything, but she drank a little water.
Mary couldn't even write her name.
Mary couldn't explain how she did that.
Mary couldn't fall asleep so she got up and took a walk.
Mary couldn't find a decent job in Boston, so she moved to Chicago.
Mary couldn't find a dress she liked to wear to the prom.
Mary couldn't find a dress that she liked to wear to the prom.
Mary couldn't find a dress to wear to the prom.
Mary couldn't find a job in Boston, so she came back home.
Mary couldn't find a job she liked in Boston, so she moved to Chicago.
Mary couldn't find an affordable dress.
Mary couldn't find anybody to go with her, so she went by herself.
Mary couldn't find anyone to give her a ride home.
Mary couldn't find anyone to help her.
Mary couldn't find her contact lens.
Mary couldn't find her glasses.
Mary couldn't find her husband.
Mary couldn't find her key anywhere.
Mary couldn't find her keys.
Mary couldn't find her left shoe.
Mary couldn't find her passport.
Mary couldn't find her shoes.
Mary couldn't find her son.
Mary couldn't find her way back home.
Mary couldn't find her way back.
Mary couldn't find her way out of the cave.
Mary couldn't find the kind of job she wanted.
Mary couldn't find the page she was looking for.
Mary couldn't find the words to express herself.
Mary couldn't find what she wanted at the supermarket.
Mary couldn't find what she was looking for.
Mary couldn't find words to express herself.
Mary couldn't finish her dinner.
Mary couldn't finish her lunch.
Mary couldn't finish her sandwich.
Mary couldn't get Tom to leave her alone.
Mary couldn't get Tom to tell her his phone number.
Mary couldn't get Tom to tell her what was wrong.
Mary couldn't get Tom to tell her why he was unhappy.
Mary couldn't get any work done because her children kept interrupting her.
Mary couldn't get her car started.
Mary couldn't get her car to start.
Mary couldn't get her gloves off.
Mary couldn't get her gloves on.
Mary couldn't get her shoes off.
Mary couldn't get home by herself.
Mary couldn't get in her room.
Mary couldn't get the book she wanted.
Mary couldn't get the job she wanted.
Mary couldn't get the tickets you asked her to buy.
Mary couldn't get what she wanted.
Mary couldn't go because she was unable to get permission.
Mary couldn't go swimming because she was sick.
Mary couldn't go to Boston with us because she didn't have enough money.
Mary couldn't go to the concert because she had to work.
Mary couldn't have been more wrong.
Mary couldn't have done it.
Mary couldn't have done that by herself, I think.
Mary couldn't have done that by herself.
Mary couldn't have done that on her own.
Mary couldn't have done what she did without some help.
Mary couldn't have done worse.
Mary couldn't have made this by herself.
Mary couldn't hear a thing because of all the noise.
Mary couldn't help but laugh.
Mary couldn't help but notice.
Mary couldn't help but wonder if it was a dream.
Mary couldn't help herself.
Mary couldn't help noticing that Tom was staring at her.
Mary couldn't help us today, because she was busy helping Tom.
Mary couldn't hide her anger.
Mary couldn't hide her excitement.
Mary couldn't hide her feelings.
Mary couldn't hide her frustration.
Mary couldn't hide her pain.
Mary couldn't hide her smile.
Mary couldn't hold back her anger.
Mary couldn't identify her assailant.
Mary couldn't imagine herself doing that.
Mary couldn't keep her balance.
Mary couldn't keep her eyes off of Tom for very long.
Mary couldn't keep her eyes off of Tom.
Mary couldn't keep herself from crying.
Mary couldn't keep herself from laughing.
Mary couldn't keep the secret to herself.
Mary couldn't keep up with her class.
Mary couldn't look after herself.
Mary couldn't make her mind up.
Mary couldn't make herself heard in the noisy club.
Mary couldn't make herself heard.
Mary couldn't make herself understood in French.
Mary couldn't make herself understood.
Mary couldn't make up her mind.
Mary couldn't manage to find a suitable sentence to end her novel.
Mary couldn't move her legs.
Mary couldn't move the desk by herself.
Mary couldn't open her hand.
Mary couldn't openly flirt with her girlfriend during the meeting, so she decided to play footsie with her under the table.
Mary couldn't pay her bills.
Mary couldn't pay her rent.
Mary couldn't persuade Tom to accept her gift.
Mary couldn't persuade Tom to help her.
Mary couldn't possibly have opened that door by herself.
Mary couldn't put her gloves on.
Mary couldn't put her socks on.
Mary couldn't read or write until she was thirteen.
Mary couldn't read until she was thirteen.
Mary couldn't remember her lines.
Mary couldn't remember her password.
Mary couldn't remember what Tom had told her to do.
Mary couldn't remember what Tom had told her.
Mary couldn't remember what she was supposed to do.
Mary couldn't remember what she'd done.
Mary couldn't remember where she'd buried the money.
Mary couldn't remember whether or not she'd locked the door.
Mary couldn't reply.
Mary couldn't rest.
Mary couldn't restrain her anger.
Mary couldn't restrain herself.
Mary couldn't say what she wanted to say.
Mary couldn't see herself ever doing that.
Mary couldn't see where she was going.
Mary couldn't sleep, while her husband Tom had slipped blissfully into the land of Nod. It's true, she thought, that you're nowhere more alone than next to someone who's asleep, although where she had heard that she no longer remembered.
Mary couldn't solve the problem, could she?
Mary couldn't speak French when I first met her.
Mary couldn't stand being alone, could she?
Mary couldn't stop blaming herself.
Mary couldn't stop herself from doing that.
Mary couldn't stop talking about Tom.
Mary couldn't stop thinking about it.
Mary couldn't suppress her anger.
Mary couldn't swim when she was a teenager.
Mary couldn't take her eyes off of Tom.
Mary couldn't take her gloves off.
Mary couldn't take her socks off.
Mary couldn't tell time until she was thirteen.
Mary couldn't unlock the door because she had the wrong key.
Mary couldn't wait any longer, so she left.
Mary couldn't work out why Tom was so cranky all the time.
Mary counted her change.
Mary counted her money.
Mary counted the gold coins.
Mary counted the remaining money in her bag.
Mary covered her ears.
Mary covered her eyes during the scary scenes.
Mary covered her eyes with one hand.
Mary covered her eyes.
Mary covered her face to avoid being recognized.
Mary covered her face with her hands.
Mary covered her face.
Mary covered her head with a pillow.
Mary covered her head with a shawl.
Mary covered her mouth with her hand.
Mary covered her mouth.
Mary covered her shoulders before entering the church.
Mary covered her shoulders with a shawl.
Mary covered herself with a towel.
Mary covered herself.
Mary cracked her knuckles.
Mary crashed her car into a lamppost.
Mary crashed her car.
Mary crashed into a traffic signal.
Mary crashed into the car in front of her.
Mary crashed into the car in front.
Mary crawled into bed and pulled the covers over herself.
Mary crawled under her bed.
Mary cried a lot when Tom left her.
Mary cried as she read Tom's letter.
Mary cried as she read the letter she got from Tom.
Mary cried as she walked home.
Mary cried because she was so happy.
Mary cried for help, but nobody heard her.
Mary cried for two days after that.
Mary cried herself to sleep every night last week.
Mary cried herself to sleep.
Mary cried in my arms.
Mary cried on Tom's shoulder while she told him how John broke up with her.
Mary cried on the way back home.
Mary cried until she ran out of tears.
Mary cried when her dog died.
Mary cried when she heard the news.
Mary cried when she heard the story.
Mary cried when she received her medal.
Mary cries easily.
Mary cries herself to sleep every night.
Mary crochets lace every night.
Mary crossed her arms across her chest.
Mary crossed her arms over her chest.
Mary crossed her fingers behind her back.
Mary crossed her fingers.
Mary crossed her legs.
Mary crossed something off her list.
Mary crossed the street.
Mary crouched down so she wouldn't be seen.
Mary crushed her enemies.
Mary crushed the box with her foot.
Mary curled her hair with a curling iron.
Mary curled her hair.
Mary curled into a ball.
Mary curled up into a ball.
Mary currently lives with her uncle.
Mary cursed herself for her carelessness.
Mary cursed herself.
Mary cursed to herself silently.
Mary cut down a cherry tree.
Mary cut down a tree in her yard.
Mary cut her arm open.
Mary cut her finger with a knife.
Mary cut her finger.
Mary cut her hand when she fell.
Mary cut her leg.
Mary cut her sister a piece of cake.
Mary cut herself chopping the vegetables.
Mary cut herself on some broken glass.
Mary cut herself peeling an apple.
Mary cut herself while she was chopping up onions.
Mary cut herself while she was mincing onions.
Mary cut herself while slicing onions.
Mary cut herself with a knife this morning.
Mary cut herself with a knife.
Mary cut herself with a sharp knife.
Mary cut herself.
Mary cut it with her knife.
Mary cut the rope with her knife.
Mary cut up all the pictures she had of Tom.
Mary dabbled in magic.
Mary damaged her car.
Mary danced and partied all night.
Mary danced gracefully.
Mary danced in the forest in the moonlight.
Mary danced like a ballerina.
Mary danced with you, didn't she?
Mary danced.
Mary dances at home.
Mary dances the waltz very well.
Mary dances to express her feelings.
Mary dances well.
Mary dangled her feet in the water.
Mary dangled her shoe off the tip of her toes.
Mary dashed water in Tom's face.
Mary dated Tom's brother before she dated him.
Mary daubed antibiotic ointment on Tom's arm.
Mary daydreamed for a few minutes.
Mary deactivated her Facebook account.
Mary deceived her.
Mary deceived you.
Mary decided it was up to her to make the final decision.
Mary decided never to see him any more.
Mary decided not to go by herself.
Mary decided not to go.
Mary decided not to keep the dress she had bought.
Mary decided not to tell Tom that she was leaving.
Mary decided not to tell her parents about what had happened.
Mary decided on a blue dress.
Mary decided on the blue dress.
Mary decided she had had enough.
Mary decided she had to tell Tom the truth.
Mary decided she needed a change.
Mary decided she shouldn't stay any longer.
Mary decided she was the one who should do that.
Mary decided she was too old for rock climbing.
Mary decided she wouldn't go with Tom.
Mary decided she wouldn't worry about that.
Mary decided she'd had enough.
Mary decided that she didn't really like doing that.
Mary decided that she shouldn't stay any longer.
Mary decided that she wanted to eat by herself.
Mary decided that she wanted to live in Boston.
Mary decided that she was going to study French for three hours a day.
Mary decided that she would do that.
Mary decided that she wouldn't do that.
Mary decided that she'd do that.
Mary decided that she'd never try doing that again.
Mary decided to become a yoga teacher.
Mary decided to buy a blue dress.
Mary decided to carry out an experiment.
Mary decided to conduct an experiment.
Mary decided to cut off her pigtails.
Mary decided to cut off her plaits.
Mary decided to do her best.
Mary decided to do that by herself.
Mary decided to do that on her own.
Mary decided to do what she could to help Tom.
Mary decided to enter the room.
Mary decided to expand her garden by adding free-form aisles of pollinators and other native flowers.
Mary decided to give up smoking.
Mary decided to go ahead and ask Tom the question she'd been wanting to ask.
Mary decided to go back to doing that the way she used to.
Mary decided to go shopping by herself.
Mary decided to go to Boston by herself.
Mary decided to go to the convent.
Mary decided to hit the gym to get rid of her excess baggage.
Mary decided to ignore Tom's behaviour.
Mary decided to keep her distance.
Mary decided to keep her feelings a secret.
Mary decided to learn all she could about computers.
Mary decided to let me do that for her.
Mary decided to not smoke anymore.
Mary decided to quit her job.
Mary decided to quit smoking.
Mary decided to redesign her website.
Mary decided to run away from home.
Mary decided to sell her car.
Mary decided to sell her house.
Mary decided to stretch the truth a little.
Mary decided to swim to the other lake shore while Tom paddled a canoe along side her for safety.
Mary decided to take the chance.
Mary decided to tell Tom that she loved him.
Mary decided to try doing that by herself.
Mary decided to try doing that herself.
Mary decided to use Tom's computer even though he'd told her not to.
Mary declares herself to be a lesbian.
Mary declined Tom's offer.
Mary declined an invitation to the concert.
Mary declined the invitation.
Mary declined to press charges.
Mary decorated her room by hanging up posters.
Mary decorated it.
Mary decorated the cake.
Mary decorated the cookies.
Mary decorated the cupcake.
Mary decreased her waist size by swimming every day.
Mary dedicated her life to teaching.
Mary dedicated her weekends to caring for children in need.
Mary dedicated the song to her childhood friend, who passed away about 15 years ago not even reaching the age of 25.
Mary defended her findings.
Mary defended herself bravely.
Mary defended herself.
Mary defied her father's wishes.
Mary definitely deserved what she got.
Mary definitely did what she said she did.
Mary definitely has a crush on Tom.
Mary definitely knows her stuff.
Mary definitely knows that she shouldn't be doing that.
Mary definitely knows that she shouldn't be here.
Mary definitely meant what she said.
Mary definitely wants to do that by herself.
Mary deleted all of Tom's pictures from her phone.
Mary deleted her Facebook account.
Mary delivers groceries to housebound people.
Mary demanded her money back.
Mary demanded that I do that for her.
Mary demanded that Tom give her the money he owed her.
Mary demanded that the marriage be dissolved.
Mary demanded to look through Tom's text messages.
Mary demoted you.
Mary denied Tom to visit his daughter.
Mary denied any romantic interest in Tom.
Mary denied being Tom's daughter.
Mary denied having stolen the money.
Mary denied it all, but facts were facts.
Mary denied it.
Mary denied she agreed to do that.
Mary denied she cried.
Mary denied she did that.
Mary denied she had stolen anything.
Mary denied she had stolen the money.
Mary denied she laughed.
Mary denied she left early.
Mary denied she said that.
Mary denied she stole the money.
Mary denied she was involved in the murder.
Mary denied she was the one who did that.
Mary denied she was the thief.
Mary denied she'd stolen the money.
Mary denied that Tom was the one who asked her to do that.
Mary denied that Tom was the one who convinced her to do that.
Mary denied that Tom was the one who persuaded her to do that.
Mary denied that Tom was the one who told her to do that.
Mary denied that Tom was the one who wanted her to do that.
Mary denied that she agreed to do that.
Mary denied that she cried.
Mary denied that she did that.
Mary denied that she had accepted the bribe.
Mary denied that she had dabbled in magic.
Mary denied that she laughed.
Mary denied that she left early.
Mary denied that she said that.
Mary denied that she stole the money.
Mary denied that she told Tom that.
Mary denied that she told Tom to do that.
Mary denied that she was the one who asked Tom to do that.
Mary denied that she was the one who did that.
Mary denied that she was the one who had done that.
Mary denied that she was the one who told Tom to do that.
Mary denied that she'd ever met Tom.
Mary denied that she'd stolen anything.
Mary denies she agreed to do that.
Mary denies she broke the window.
Mary denies she cried.
Mary denies she did that on purpose.
Mary denies she did that.
Mary denies she left early.
Mary denies she lied.
Mary denies she paid ransom money.
Mary denies that she agreed to do that.
Mary denies that she broke the window.
Mary denies that she cried.
Mary denies that she did that on purpose.
Mary denies that she did that.
Mary denies that she left early.
Mary denies that she lied.
Mary denies that she was the one who did that.
Mary denies the charges against her.
Mary dented her car.
Mary depended on Tom to help her.
Mary depended on Tom to take care of her.
Mary described her game as an open world first-person shooter with RPG mechanics.
Mary described the scenes.
Mary describes her first love as "a bittersweet memory".
Mary deserved everything she got.
Mary deserved the punishment she got.
Mary deserved what she got.
Mary deserves everything she gets.
Mary deserves it.
Mary deserves the salary we pay her.
Mary deserves this.
Mary deserves to be promoted.
Mary deserves whatever she gets.
Mary designed a text adventure game.
Mary designed the choreography for her own performance.
Mary designs dresses.
Mary designs phone applications in her spare time.
Mary desperately expected Tom to marry her.
Mary desperately tried to save her on-off relationship with Tom.
Mary despises Tom.
Mary detests Tom.
Mary developed feelings for Tom.
Mary developed feelings for him.
Mary devoted herself to her family.
Mary did a Cruyff turn, leaving Tom on his backside and producing an audible gasp from all the other boys.
Mary did a cartwheel.
Mary did a lot better today than she usually does.
Mary did a lot more than what we asked her to.
Mary did a lot of stupid things as a teenager.
Mary did a lot of stupid things when she was young.
Mary did a somersault.
Mary did all of her homework.
Mary did all of the talking.
Mary did all she could do to help.
Mary did all she could do.
Mary did all she could to help Tom do that.
Mary did all she could to help Tom.
Mary did all she could to help.
Mary did all she could to protect Tom.
Mary did all she could.
Mary did all that she could.
Mary did almost all of the work by herself.
Mary did as she had promised.
Mary did as she said she'd do.
Mary did as she was instructed.
Mary did as she was told.
Mary did better than I expected her to do.
Mary did better this time than she did last time.
Mary did better today than she's ever done before.
Mary did come, but she didn't stay long.
Mary did do that, didn't she?
Mary did do what you said she did.
Mary did everything I told her to.
Mary did everything Tom asked her to do.
Mary did everything Tom needed her to do.
Mary did everything Tom told her to do.
Mary did everything Tom wanted her to do.
Mary did everything by herself.
Mary did everything for her children.
Mary did everything she could do.
Mary did everything she could for Tom.
Mary did everything she could to help Tom.
Mary did everything she could to help.
Mary did everything she could to keep Tom from doing that.
Mary did everything she could to prevent Tom from doing that.
Mary did everything she could to stop Tom from doing that.
Mary did everything she could.
Mary did everything she felt she needed to do.
Mary did everything she possibly could to help Tom.
Mary did everything she possibly could to help.
Mary did everything she promised to do for me.
Mary did everything she promised to do.
Mary did everything she thought Tom would want her to do.
Mary did everything she thought she had to do.
Mary did everything she thought she needed to do.
Mary did everything she thought she should do.
Mary did everything she wanted to do.
Mary did everything she was supposed to do.
Mary did everything she was told to do.
Mary did everything we asked her to do.
Mary did everything we asked of her.
Mary did everything we wanted her to do.
Mary did exactly as I told her to do.
Mary did exactly as she was told to do.
Mary did exactly as she was told.
Mary did exactly what I told her to do.
Mary did exactly what Tom told her to do.
Mary did exactly what she said she'd do.
Mary did exactly what she wanted to do.
Mary did exactly what she'd been told to do.
Mary did exactly what we told her to do.
Mary did exactly what we wanted her to do.
Mary did fairly well on the test she took yesterday.
Mary did have fun.
Mary did her best to catch up.
Mary did her best to comfort Tom.
Mary did her best to get the job done by the end of the day.
Mary did her best to help Tom learn French.
Mary did her best to help Tom.
Mary did her best to ignore Tom.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom not to tell her parents about the accident.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to babysit her children.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to do that.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to leave.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to not say anything about what happened.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to sing.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to stay.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom.
Mary did her best to protect Tom.
Mary did her best to smile.
Mary did her best to stay calm.
Mary did her best with what she had.
Mary did her best, but she failed.
Mary did her best.
Mary did her chores.
Mary did her duty, and I did mine.
Mary did her hair in a bun.
Mary did her homework before dinner.
Mary did her homework by herself.
Mary did her homework in the kitchen.
Mary did her homework.
Mary did her job very well.
Mary did her job well.
Mary did her job.
Mary did her makeup.
Mary did her own research.
Mary did her part well.
Mary did her part.
Mary did her stretching exercises.
Mary did it all by herself.
Mary did it all herself.
Mary did it as quickly as she could.
Mary did it by herself.
Mary did it for free.
Mary did it for her children.
Mary did it herself.
Mary did it in her own way.
Mary did it more than once.
Mary did it on her own.
Mary did it only to gratify Tom.
Mary did it the way I told her to.
Mary did it the way she was told.
Mary did it to make Tom jealous.
Mary did it, didn't she?
Mary did just as she was instructed.
Mary did know she was supposed to do that.
Mary did many of the experiments herself.
Mary did more than her share.
Mary did more than what we asked her to.
Mary did most of the decorating.
Mary did much more than what we asked her to.
Mary did neither of the two things I asked her to do.
Mary did not agree immediately.
Mary did not bleed in her first sexual intercourse with Tom.
Mary did not climax when she and Tom had their first sexual intercourse.
Mary did not come home last night.
Mary did not cry.
Mary did not enjoy the trip to the island because Tom's rowboat had sprung several leaks, and she had to spend time bailing out the boat.
Mary did not get along well with the other girls.
Mary did not hesitate for long.
Mary did not say that.
Mary did not see you yesterday.
Mary did not understand the lecture. The speaker should have spoken more slowly.
Mary did not understand the question.
Mary did not want Tom to come to the party.
Mary did not want to get married.
Mary did not want to meet up with Tom in the city. Therefore, she canceled on him.
Mary did not wear her life vest.
Mary did only what she had to do.
Mary did say that she didn't want to go with us.
Mary did say that, but I don't think she really meant it.
Mary did some backflips on the trampoline.
Mary did some quick math in her head.
Mary did something of which she's not proud.
Mary did something really stupid.
Mary did something she didn't want Tom to know about.
Mary did something she wasn't supposed to do.
Mary did something she wished she hadn't.
Mary did something that she shouldn't have.
Mary did study, but she didn't study very much.
Mary did that again, didn't she?
Mary did that against her will.
Mary did that all by herself.
Mary did that all herself.
Mary did that as fast as she could.
Mary did that as often as she could.
Mary did that as quickly as she could.
Mary did that as she was instructed to.
Mary did that as she was told to.
Mary did that as she'd been told.
Mary did that as soon as she could.
Mary did that because I told her to.
Mary did that because Tom told her to.
Mary did that because she had no choice.
Mary did that because she had to.
Mary did that because she was asked to.
Mary did that because she was forced to.
Mary did that because she was ordered to.
Mary did that because she was told to.
Mary did that because you told her to.
Mary did that by herself yesterday.
Mary did that by herself.
Mary did that deliberately.
Mary did that entirely on her own.
Mary did that even though she knew it was dangerous.
Mary did that for her children.
Mary did that for her family.
Mary did that for her sister.
Mary did that for herself, not for me.
Mary did that for herself, not for us.
Mary did that for herself.
Mary did that her own way.
Mary did that herself.
Mary did that intentionally, didn't she?
Mary did that much better the third time she did it.
Mary did that on her own.
Mary did that on purpose, didn't she?
Mary did that on purpose.
Mary did that the way I told her to.
Mary did that the way Tom told her to do it.
Mary did that the way Tom told her to.
Mary did that the way she was told.
Mary did that the way you told her to.
Mary did that this morning so she wouldn't have to do that tomorrow.
Mary did that to herself.
Mary did that until she died.
Mary did that until the day she died.
Mary did that very fast, didn't she?
Mary did that when she was drunk.
Mary did that when she was here.
Mary did that whenever she could.
Mary did that whenever she had a chance to.
Mary did that whenever she had a chance.
Mary did that while she was drunk.
Mary did that while she was half asleep.
Mary did that yesterday, so she wouldn't have to do that tomorrow.
Mary did that, didn't she?
Mary did that, even though she didn't want to.
Mary did the best she could do.
Mary did the best she could, given the situation.
Mary did the best she could.
Mary did the job the best she could.
Mary did the only thing she could do.
Mary did the only thing she could.
Mary did the right thing, didn't she?
Mary did the school run yesterday because Tom had an early meeting.
Mary did the very best she could.
Mary did the very best that she could.
Mary did the work by herself.
Mary did the work herself.
Mary did this on her own.
Mary did this to herself.
Mary did warn Tom.
Mary did warn you.
Mary did well considering her age.
Mary did well on her French test.
Mary did what I asked her to do.
Mary did what I expected her to do.
Mary did what I told her to do.
Mary did what I wanted her to do.
Mary did what Tom asked her to do, but she didn't do what John asked her to do.
Mary did what Tom asked her to do.
Mary did what Tom expected her to do.
Mary did what Tom said she needed to do.
Mary did what Tom said she should do.
Mary did what Tom told her to do.
Mary did what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary did what her husband asked.
Mary did what she always does.
Mary did what she believed was right.
Mary did what she could in the short amount of time she had.
Mary did what she could to help Tom do that.
Mary did what she could to help.
Mary did what she could.
Mary did what she felt like doing.
Mary did what she felt she had to do.
Mary did what she felt she needed to do.
Mary did what she had been told to do.
Mary did what she had been told.
Mary did what she had planned to do.
Mary did what she had to do.
Mary did what she had to.
Mary did what she intended to do.
Mary did what she needed to do.
Mary did what she planned to do.
Mary did what she promised me she'd do.
Mary did what she promised she'd do.
Mary did what she promised to do for me.
Mary did what she promised to do for us.
Mary did what she promised to do.
Mary did what she said she'd do.
Mary did what she should do.
Mary did what she thought she should do.
Mary did what she thought was right.
Mary did what she wanted to do.
Mary did what she was supposed to do.
Mary did what she was told to do.
Mary did what she was told.
Mary did what she'd been told to do.
Mary did what she'd been told.
Mary did what she'd planned to do.
Mary did what they told her to do.
Mary did what we asked her to do.
Mary did what we expected her to do.
Mary did what we told her to do.
Mary did what we wanted her to do.
Mary did what you asked her to do.
Mary did what you told her to do.
Mary did whatever she felt like doing.
Mary did whatever she felt she had to do.
Mary did whatever she wanted to do.
Mary did whatever we asked her to do.
Mary did whatever we wanted her to do.
Mary didn't accept the gifts.
Mary didn't accept the presents.
Mary didn't accompany the children to school.
Mary didn't act like a lady.
Mary didn't act like she really wanted to be here.
Mary didn't actually believe that, did she?
Mary didn't actually do that by herself.
Mary didn't actually do that herself.
Mary didn't actually do what she said she did.
Mary didn't actually do what she said she'd do.
Mary didn't actually want to do that with us, did she?
Mary didn't actually want to do that, did she?
Mary didn't actually want to eat with us, did she?
Mary didn't admit her mistake.
Mary didn't answer her phone.
Mary didn't apply for the job that Tom told her about.
Mary didn't appreciate Tom's gift.
Mary didn't approve of the way Tom dressed.
Mary didn't arrive at the agreed-upon time.
Mary didn't beg Tom to take her back.
Mary didn't begin to play the guitar until she was thirty.
Mary didn't begin to study French until she was thirty years old.
Mary didn't begin to write songs until she was thirty.
Mary didn't believe Tom when he said he loved her.
Mary didn't believe her eyes.
Mary didn't believe me when I told her what Tom had done.
Mary didn't believe that Tom was dangerous, which cost her her life.
Mary didn't believe that Tom would lie to her.
Mary didn't believe what Tom told her.
Mary didn't believe what she heard.
Mary didn't blame herself.
Mary didn't break her promise.
Mary didn't bring her keys.
Mary didn't buy everything she needed to buy.
Mary didn't buy everything she needed.
Mary didn't buy everything she wanted.
Mary didn't buy everything we asked her to buy.
Mary didn't buy me what she promised she'd buy.
Mary didn't buy what I asked her to.
Mary didn't buy what she needed to buy.
Mary didn't buy what she needed.
Mary didn't buy what she said she'd buy.
Mary didn't call Tom like she promised she would.
Mary didn't call Tom, did she?
Mary didn't care if anybody saw her.
Mary didn't care if she won or not.
Mary didn't care whether Tom liked her or not.
Mary didn't care who helped her, as long as somebody did.
Mary didn't change her mind.
Mary didn't change her plans, even though Tom wanted her to.
Mary didn't change her plans.
Mary didn't check her mailbox.
Mary didn't come because she got sick.
Mary didn't come here alone tonight, did she?
Mary didn't come home last night.
Mary didn't come out of her room.
Mary didn't come, did she?
Mary didn't commit the crime they've accused her of.
Mary didn't complain, did she?
Mary didn't complete her degree.
Mary didn't complete her homework.
Mary didn't dare to open her mouth.
Mary didn't decide to become a professional singer until she was thirty.
Mary didn't decide to become a writer until she was thirty.
Mary didn't deny that she did that.
Mary didn't deny that she didn't do that.
Mary didn't deny that she was the one who did that.
Mary didn't deserve to lose her job.
Mary didn't do any of the work she was supposed to do.
Mary didn't do anything that she wasn't supposed to do.
Mary didn't do everything Tom asked her to do.
Mary didn't do everything she had to do.
Mary didn't do everything she needed to do.
Mary didn't do everything she said she did.
Mary didn't do everything she say she did.
Mary didn't do everything we asked her to do.
Mary didn't do everything we wanted her to do.
Mary didn't do everything you say she did.
Mary didn't do her best.
Mary didn't do her homework.
Mary didn't do it again, did she?
Mary didn't do it by herself.
Mary didn't do it herself.
Mary didn't do it, did she?
Mary didn't do so well on her test.
Mary didn't do that again, did she?
Mary didn't do that all by herself.
Mary didn't do that as much last week as she usually does.
Mary didn't do that as quickly as she should've.
Mary didn't do that as quickly as she usually does.
Mary didn't do that as she was instructed to.
Mary didn't do that as soon as I thought she would.
Mary didn't do that as well as I expected her to.
Mary didn't do that as well as I thought she would.
Mary didn't do that because she didn't want to.
Mary didn't do that by herself.
Mary didn't do that entirely on her own.
Mary didn't do that for me but for herself.
Mary didn't do that herself.
Mary didn't do that on her own.
Mary didn't do that on purpose, did she?
Mary didn't do that the way I told her to.
Mary didn't do that the way Tom told her to do it.
Mary didn't do that the way Tom told her to.
Mary didn't do that very fast, did she?
Mary didn't do that very well, did she?
Mary didn't do that, did she?
Mary didn't do the dishes.
Mary didn't do this by herself.
Mary didn't do too badly herself.
Mary didn't do what I asked her to do.
Mary didn't do what I told her to do.
Mary didn't do what I wanted her to do.
Mary didn't do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary didn't do what Tom told her to do.
Mary didn't do what she had to do.
Mary didn't do what she needed to do.
Mary didn't do what she promised she'd do.
Mary didn't do what she said she did.
Mary didn't do what she said she'd do.
Mary didn't do what she say she did.
Mary didn't do what she says she did.
Mary didn't do what she wanted to do.
Mary didn't do what she was asked.
Mary didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Mary didn't do what she's being punished for.
Mary didn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary didn't do what we told her to do.
Mary didn't do what you asked her to do.
Mary didn't do what you said she did.
Mary didn't do what you say she did.
Mary didn't do what you told her to do.
Mary didn't drink at all while she was pregnant.
Mary didn't drink her milk.
Mary didn't drink the milk Tom poured for her.
Mary didn't drink the wine I poured for her.
Mary didn't eat anything until she got home.
Mary didn't eat as much as I thought she'd eat.
Mary didn't eat breakfast, did she?
Mary didn't eat her dessert.
Mary didn't eat her salad.
Mary didn't eat the apple you gave her.
Mary didn't eat the cookies Tom made for her.
Mary didn't eat the sandwich that Tom made for her.
Mary didn't enjoy her job.
Mary didn't even have money to buy food for herself and her family.
Mary didn't even invite Tom to her party.
Mary didn't even know where she was.
Mary didn't even let Tom kiss her.
Mary didn't even lock her doors.
Mary didn't even look at the letter Tom wrote to her.
Mary didn't even look at the report that Tom gave her.
Mary didn't even look at the report that Tom handed her.
Mary didn't even look up from her book.
Mary didn't even notice Tom was looking at her.
Mary didn't even read the message Tom sent her.
Mary didn't even say hi to me.
Mary didn't even say she was sorry.
Mary didn't even seem to realize she'd hurt Tom's feelings.
Mary didn't even text Tom to tell him she'd be late.
Mary didn't even try to pretend that she liked Tom.
Mary didn't expect Tom to be at her party.
Mary didn't expect you to do that for her.
Mary didn't feel like telling everybody why she was leaving.
Mary didn't feel she could do what Tom was asking her to do.
Mary didn't feel she should do what the other children were doing.
Mary didn't feel she was ready to do that.
Mary didn't feel sorry for herself.
Mary didn't feel that she was ready.
Mary didn't feel very well, but she went to work anyway.
Mary didn't feel well, but she went to work anyway.
Mary didn't find everything she needed.
Mary didn't find out she was adopted until she was thirteen.
Mary didn't find out she'd been adopted until she was thirteen.
Mary didn't find that joke very funny.
Mary didn't find what she was looking for.
Mary didn't finish her dinner.
Mary didn't finish her homework.
Mary didn't finish her lunch.
Mary didn't finish her sandwich.
Mary didn't finish the job we asked her to do.
Mary didn't get a driver's license until she was thirty.
Mary didn't get along well with her new stepmother.
Mary didn't get along well with the other girls.
Mary didn't get everything she needed.
Mary didn't get everything she wanted.
Mary didn't get her wish.
Mary didn't get married until she was thirty.
Mary didn't get paid as much as they told her they'd pay her.
Mary didn't get paid for all the work she did.
Mary didn't get paid for the work she did.
Mary didn't get up as early as she usually does.
Mary didn't get up this morning as early as she usually does.
Mary didn't get what she needed.
Mary didn't get what she wanted.
Mary didn't get what she wished for.
Mary didn't give Tom her real telephone number.
Mary didn't give her real name.
Mary didn't give me what I asked her for.
Mary didn't give up on her plan.
Mary didn't give you much choice, did she?
Mary didn't go because Tom told her not to.
Mary didn't go shopping yesterday, did she?
Mary didn't go snorkeling by herself.
Mary didn't go there by herself.
Mary didn't go where she said she'd go.
Mary didn't go with you this morning, did she?
Mary didn't hang her coat behind the door.
Mary didn't have Tom's address with her.
Mary didn't have a bicycle when she was growing up.
Mary didn't have a chance to visit Tom the last time she was in Boston.
Mary didn't have a chance to visit Tom when she was in Boston.
Mary didn't have a dog the last time I visited her.
Mary didn't have a good job until she moved to Boston.
Mary didn't have a husband.
Mary didn't have a lot to say, did she?
Mary didn't have a scratch on her.
Mary didn't have any cash on her.
Mary didn't have any children five years ago.
Mary didn't have any idea what she should do.
Mary didn't have any money, so she couldn't buy a ticket.
Mary didn't have any money, so she couldn't buy any food.
Mary didn't have any money, so she couldn't go with me.
Mary didn't have any secrets.
Mary didn't have anybody to help her.
Mary didn't have anyone to help her.
Mary didn't have anything in her bag.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy everything she needed.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy everything she wanted.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy what she had to buy.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy what she needed to buy.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy what she needed.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy what she wanted to buy.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy what she wanted.
Mary didn't have enough money.
Mary didn't have enough space to do what she wanted to do.
Mary didn't have enough time to do everything that she wanted to do.
Mary didn't have enough time to do what she had to do.
Mary didn't have enough time to do what she needed to do.
Mary didn't have enough time to do what she wanted to do.
Mary didn't have her parents' permission to do that.
Mary didn't have her phone on her.
Mary didn't have her phone with her, so she couldn't call Tom to tell him she'd be late.
Mary didn't have much money with her.
Mary didn't have permission to do what she did.
Mary didn't have the courage to go there by herself.
Mary didn't have the courage to refuse to do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary didn't have the courage to tell Tom that she'd made a mistake.
Mary didn't have the money to buy Tom anything for Valentine's Day, so she just told him "I love you!"
Mary didn't have the time to do everything that Tom asked her to do.
Mary didn't have time to finish her report.
Mary didn't have to come if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't have to do that by herself.
Mary didn't have to do that if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't have to do that, but she did it anyway.
Mary didn't have to do that, but she did.
Mary didn't have to do that, did she?
Mary didn't have to eat that if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't have to get up as early as she did.
Mary didn't have to go by herself.
Mary didn't have to go there herself.
Mary didn't have to go there if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't have to help if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't have to help us today, but she did.
Mary didn't have to help us, but she did.
Mary didn't have to help, but she did.
Mary didn't have to raise her voice.
Mary didn't have to stay if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't have to stay, but she did.
Mary didn't have to tell Tom, but she did.
Mary didn't have to tell me, but I'm glad she did.
Mary didn't have to wait for us, but she did.
Mary didn't have very many friends when she was young.
Mary didn't have what she needed.
Mary didn't hear Tom shouting her name.
Mary didn't help Tom as much as she should've.
Mary didn't help us like she said she would.
Mary didn't hesitate.
Mary didn't hurt anybody, did she?
Mary didn't hurt anyone, did she?
Mary didn't identify herself.
Mary didn't intend to let Tom kiss her.
Mary didn't invite Tom to her party.
Mary didn't invite me to her pajama party.
Mary didn't invite me to her party.
Mary didn't keep her promise not to tease Tom.
Mary didn't keep her promise to help Tom.
Mary didn't keep her promise to me.
Mary didn't keep her promise.
Mary didn't keep her word.
Mary didn't kill her husband.
Mary didn't kill herself.
Mary didn't know Tom had a girlfriend.
Mary didn't know Tom had lied to her.
Mary didn't know Tom thought she should do that.
Mary didn't know Tom thought she should leave.
Mary didn't know Tom thought she shouldn't do that.
Mary didn't know Tom was waiting for her.
Mary didn't know anything about this, did she?
Mary didn't know because I never told her.
Mary didn't know exactly what it was that Tom wanted her to do.
Mary didn't know exactly what was expected of her.
Mary didn't know for certain where she should go.
Mary didn't know her parents.
Mary didn't know how bad I wanted to see her.
Mary didn't know how long Tom expected her to wait.
Mary didn't know how long she should wait for Tom.
Mary didn't know how long she should wait.
Mary didn't know how long she was supposed to wait.
Mary didn't know how long she'd have to wait.
Mary didn't know how long she'd slept.
Mary didn't know how lucky she was.
Mary didn't know how much money she needed.
Mary didn't know how much money she should give Tom.
Mary didn't know how much money she should take with her.
Mary didn't know how much money she was going to need.
Mary didn't know how much money she'd need.
Mary didn't know how much she had spent.
Mary didn't know how she could help.
Mary didn't know how she should do that.
Mary didn't know how to control herself.
Mary didn't know how to do that until she was thirty years old.
Mary didn't know how to do that until she was thirty.
Mary didn't know how to do that, but she tried to do it anyway.
Mary didn't know how to do that, but she was willing to give it a try.
Mary didn't know how to do that, so she asked Tom to show her how.
Mary didn't know how to do that, so she asked me to show her how.
Mary didn't know how to do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary didn't know how to tell her mom the truth.
Mary didn't know if she could do that or not.
Mary didn't know if she had to do that.
Mary didn't know if she should really do that.
Mary didn't know if she'd be able to do that or not.
Mary didn't know she didn't have enough money.
Mary didn't know she didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Mary didn't know she didn't have enough time to do that.
Mary didn't know she didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
Mary didn't know she didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
Mary didn't know she didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't know she didn't need to do that.
Mary didn't know she had done something wrong.
Mary didn't know she had to do that.
Mary didn't know she had to help Tom do that.
Mary didn't know she had to help Tom.
Mary didn't know she needed to do that.
Mary didn't know she no longer had to do that.
Mary didn't know she no longer needed to do that.
Mary didn't know she no longer needed to help Tom.
Mary didn't know she should do that.
Mary didn't know she shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
Mary didn't know she shouldn't do that.
Mary didn't know she was being followed.
Mary didn't know she was likely to be late.
Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that before she got here.
Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that by herself.
Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that today.
Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know she wasn't supposed to do that by herself.
Mary didn't know she wasn't supposed to do that today.
Mary didn't know she wasn't supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know she'd hurt anybody.
Mary didn't know that I was supposed to help her do that.
Mary didn't know that Tom could see her.
Mary didn't know that Tom didn't like her.
Mary didn't know that Tom expected her to do that.
Mary didn't know that Tom had a girlfriend.
Mary didn't know that Tom loved her.
Mary didn't know that Tom wanted her to stay.
Mary didn't know that Tom was going to kiss her.
Mary didn't know that Tom was in love with her.
Mary didn't know that Tom was looking for her.
Mary didn't know that Tom was supposed to help her do that.
Mary didn't know that she didn't have to do that today.
Mary didn't know that she didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't know that she didn't need to do that.
Mary didn't know that she had to do that by herself.
Mary didn't know that she had to do that today.
Mary didn't know that she had to do that yesterday.
Mary didn't know that she had to do that.
Mary didn't know that she had to go yesterday.
Mary didn't know that she needed to do that today.
Mary didn't know that she needed to do that.
Mary didn't know that she was adopted until she was thirteen.
Mary didn't know that she was doing anything wrong.
Mary didn't know that she was supposed to do that by herself.
Mary didn't know that she was supposed to do that yesterday.
Mary didn't know that she was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know that she was supposed to go yesterday.
Mary didn't know that she was the one who was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know that she wasn't supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know that she'd done anything wrong.
Mary didn't know that what she did was wrong.
Mary didn't know that what she was doing was wrong.
Mary didn't know that what she'd done was wrong.
Mary didn't know the person who had sent the flowers to her.
Mary didn't know the reason why Tom didn't like her.
Mary didn't know then how dangerous Tom was.
Mary didn't know what Tom wanted her to buy.
Mary didn't know what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary didn't know what hit her.
Mary didn't know what kind of snake had bitten her.
Mary didn't know what language Tom's friends were speaking, but she thought it might be French.
Mary didn't know what she had to do.
Mary didn't know what she needed to do.
Mary didn't know what she should be doing.
Mary didn't know what she should do.
Mary didn't know what she should say.
Mary didn't know what she wanted to do.
Mary didn't know what she wanted.
Mary didn't know what she was doing.
Mary didn't know what she was going to do.
Mary didn't know what she was supposed to do.
Mary didn't know what she was talking about.
Mary didn't know what she'd be allowed to do.
Mary didn't know what she'd do.
Mary didn't know what time she was supposed to be there.
Mary didn't know what to do with all the money she'd found.
Mary didn't know what to say, so she didn't say anything.
Mary didn't know what to say, so she said nothing.
Mary didn't know when she needed to do that.
Mary didn't know when she was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know when she'd be back.
Mary didn't know where Tom wanted her to go.
Mary didn't know where Tom wanted her to plant the roses.
Mary didn't know where Tom was going, but she'd a good idea where he might be going.
Mary didn't know where her car was.
Mary didn't know where her pen was.
Mary didn't know where her umbrella was.
Mary didn't know where she should go.
Mary didn't know where she was going.
Mary didn't know where she was.
Mary didn't know whether Tom liked her or not.
Mary didn't know whether Tom wanted her to do that or not.
Mary didn't know whether Tom wanted to go to Boston with her or not.
Mary didn't know whether she had to do that or not.
Mary didn't know whether she needed to do that or not.
Mary didn't know whether she should believe Tom or not.
Mary didn't know whether she should do that or not.
Mary didn't know whether she was right or wrong.
Mary didn't know whether she'd be allowed to do that or not.
Mary didn't know whether she'd be allowed to do that.
Mary didn't know whether she'd be permitted to do that or not.
Mary didn't know whether she'd be permitted to do that.
Mary didn't know whether to pay the fine by check or in cash.
Mary didn't know who had sent her the flowers.
Mary didn't know who she could trust.
Mary didn't know who she should trust.
Mary didn't know who was going to help her.
Mary didn't know why Tom asked her to do that.
Mary didn't know why Tom didn't like her.
Mary didn't know why Tom didn't want her at his party.
Mary didn't know why Tom didn't want her to do that.
Mary didn't know why Tom hated her.
Mary didn't know why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary didn't know why Tom wanted her to leave.
Mary didn't know why Tom wouldn't do what she asked him to do.
Mary didn't know why she was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know why she'd been chosen to do that.
Mary didn't laugh, did she?
Mary didn't learn anything in school.
Mary didn't learn how to do that from her parents.
Mary didn't learn how to do that until she was thirty.
Mary didn't learn how to play the guitar until she was thirteen.
Mary didn't learn how to swim until she was thirteen.
Mary didn't learn to drive until she was thirty.
Mary didn't learn to swim until she was thirty.
Mary didn't leave her apartment.
Mary didn't leave her room yesterday.
Mary didn't let Tom drive her car.
Mary didn't let Tom kiss her.
Mary didn't let Tom sit next to her.
Mary didn't let Tom talk over her.
Mary didn't let her children go to Tom's party.
Mary didn't let me in her room.
Mary didn't let me in on her secret.
Mary didn't let on that she knew about the surprise party.
Mary didn't light any candles in her room.
Mary didn't like Tom and he didn't like her.
Mary didn't like Tom's parents.
Mary didn't like bananas when she was a kid.
Mary didn't like carrots when she was a child.
Mary didn't like coffee the first time she tried it.
Mary didn't like dogs when she was a kid.
Mary didn't like her boyfriends to be too handsome. She didn't want to compete with other women.
Mary didn't like her mother.
Mary didn't like her name.
Mary didn't like her sandwich.
Mary didn't like how Tom was driving.
Mary didn't like me.
Mary didn't like stuffed toys or dolls.
Mary didn't like sushi the first time she tried it.
Mary didn't like the last job she had.
Mary didn't like the way Tom spoke to her.
Mary didn't like to do that when she was a kid.
Mary didn't like what she heard.
Mary didn't like what she saw Tom doing.
Mary didn't like what she saw.
Mary didn't listen to her parents.
Mary didn't look away.
Mary didn't look happy.
Mary didn't look like she was busy.
Mary didn't look like she was enjoying herself.
Mary didn't look like she was happy.
Mary didn't look like she was having a good time.
Mary didn't look like she was having any fun.
Mary didn't look like she was having fun.
Mary didn't look like she was in a good mood.
Mary didn't look like she was in a hurry to do that.
Mary didn't look like she was in a hurry.
Mary didn't look like she was tired.
Mary didn't look up from her book.
Mary didn't look well the last time I saw her.
Mary didn't lose as much weight as she wanted to.
Mary didn't lose her temper.
Mary didn't love Tom as much as he loved her.
Mary didn't lower the number of calories she was taking in.
Mary didn't make her position clear.
Mary didn't make herself clear.
Mary didn't make the bed.
Mary didn't marry the man her parents wanted her to.
Mary didn't mean to do that, did she?
Mary didn't mean to say what she said.
Mary didn't mean what she said.
Mary didn't mention the reason she was late.
Mary didn't mention what she was planning to do.
Mary didn't mention what she'd done.
Mary didn't mention where she was planning to go.
Mary didn't mention where she'd been.
Mary didn't mention where she'd gone.
Mary didn't mention who she'd met.
Mary didn't mention why she was late.
Mary didn't mention why she was looking for Tom.
Mary didn't mince her words.
Mary didn't mind living by herself.
Mary didn't much like what she saw.
Mary didn't need Tom anymore, so she broke up with him.
Mary didn't need much convincing.
Mary didn't need to do that by herself.
Mary didn't need to do that, but she did.
Mary didn't need to do that, did she?
Mary didn't need to go by herself.
Mary didn't need to go if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't need to go there by herself.
Mary didn't need to go there herself.
Mary didn't need to go, but she did.
Mary didn't need to help, but she did.
Mary didn't need to stay, but she did.
Mary didn't notice that Tom was staring at her.
Mary didn't notice that she was being followed.
Mary didn't obey her parents.
Mary didn't often do that when she was younger.
Mary didn't open her eyes.
Mary didn't pass the exam, did she?
Mary didn't pay her rent last month.
Mary didn't pay her share.
Mary didn't pay her taxes on time.
Mary didn't pay me as much as she promised she would.
Mary didn't pay me as much as she said she'd pay.
Mary didn't play tennis, did she?
Mary didn't provide details of how she'd do that.
Mary didn't put you up to this, did she?
Mary didn't raise her voice.
Mary didn't read any of the messages Tom sent to her.
Mary didn't read the message Tom sent her.
Mary didn't realize she had to do that.
Mary didn't realize she had to help Tom do that.
Mary didn't realize she had to help Tom.
Mary didn't realize she had to leave.
Mary didn't realize she needed to do that.
Mary didn't realize she should do that.
Mary didn't realize she shouldn't do that.
Mary didn't realize she shouldn't have tried doing that.
Mary didn't realize she was being followed.
Mary didn't realize she wasn't going to be able to do that.
Mary didn't realize she'd made a mistake.
Mary didn't realize that she'd made a mistake.
Mary didn't realize what was expected of her.
Mary didn't really do that by herself.
Mary didn't really do what she said she did.
Mary didn't really enjoy doing that with us, did she?
Mary didn't really enjoy doing that, did she?
Mary didn't really enjoy eating with us, did she?
Mary didn't really expect Tom to answer her question.
Mary didn't really go swimming by herself.
Mary didn't really have to do that, did she?
Mary didn't really know why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary didn't really like her job.
Mary didn't really mean that, did she?
Mary didn't really mean to do that, did she?
Mary didn't really mean what she said, did she?
Mary didn't really need to do that, did she?
Mary didn't really seem to be enjoying herself.
Mary didn't really want to do that, did she?
Mary didn't really want to eat, did she?
Mary didn't really want to help us, but she did.
Mary didn't receive the flowers Tom had sent her.
Mary didn't receive the flowers that Tom had sent her.
Mary didn't recognize her ex-husband.
Mary didn't recognize the person sitting next to her.
Mary didn't refer to the accident she had seen.
Mary didn't regret doing what she did.
Mary didn't regret her decision.
Mary didn't remember to pay her rent.
Mary didn't resign. She got fired.
Mary didn't respond to Tom's text message.
Mary didn't say a word.
Mary didn't say anything about herself.
Mary didn't say anything about where she was going.
Mary didn't say anything about where she'd come from.
Mary didn't say anything about why she was late.
Mary didn't say anything, but she disapproved with her eyebrows.
Mary didn't say anything, did she?
Mary didn't say how many times she'd been there.
Mary didn't say how much money she'd spent.
Mary didn't say how she was planning on getting there.
Mary didn't say how she was planning to get there.
Mary didn't say she wanted to do that.
Mary didn't say she would do that.
Mary didn't say she'd do that.
Mary didn't say what else she had to do.
Mary didn't say what she did that made you so angry.
Mary didn't say what she did.
Mary didn't say what she had planned to say.
Mary didn't say what she was planning to do.
Mary didn't say what time she'd be home.
Mary didn't say what you said she said.
Mary didn't say what you say she did.
Mary didn't say when she was coming, did she?
Mary didn't say when she was coming.
Mary didn't say when she was planning to leave.
Mary didn't say when she would return.
Mary didn't say when she'd return.
Mary didn't say where or when to meet her.
Mary didn't say where she wanted to go.
Mary didn't say where she was going, did she?
Mary didn't say where she was going.
Mary didn't say where she was planning to go.
Mary didn't say where she went.
Mary didn't say where she'd been.
Mary didn't say where she'd gone.
Mary didn't say whether she was planning to go or not.
Mary didn't say whether she went to Tom's party or not.
Mary didn't say whether she'd go to Tom's party or not.
Mary didn't say who she was planning to go with.
Mary didn't say who she was planning to meet.
Mary didn't say who she'd gone with.
Mary didn't say why she came here by taxi.
Mary didn't say why she did that.
Mary didn't say why she didn't do that.
Mary didn't say why she was late.
Mary didn't say why she went.
Mary didn't see anyone she recognized.
Mary didn't seem as busy as she usually is.
Mary didn't seem convinced that she had to do that.
Mary didn't seem convinced that she needed to do that.
Mary didn't seem impressed.
Mary didn't seem interested in making friends.
Mary didn't seem like herself today.
Mary didn't seem sad, did she?
Mary didn't seem satisfied with the answer I gave her.
Mary didn't seem sure of her answers.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her I didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her I didn't need to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her I didn't want to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her I had to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her I needed to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her I wanted to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her Tom didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her Tom didn't need to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her Tom didn't want to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her Tom had to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her Tom needed to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her Tom wanted to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her Tom wasn't here.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her about that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her she didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her she didn't need to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her she had to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her she needed to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her what I'd done.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her what Tom had done.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her what Tom was planning on doing.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her what Tom was planning to do.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her what had happened.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her where Tom had gone.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her where the party was going to be.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her why we had to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her why we should do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her he didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her he didn't need to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her he didn't want to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her he had to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her he needed to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her he wanted to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her she didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her she had to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her she needed to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when she saw Tom kissing Alice.
Mary didn't seem to be able to do that, so I did that for her.
Mary didn't seem to be aware of what she had to do.
Mary didn't seem to be aware of what she needed to do.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that Tom didn't want her there.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she didn't need to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she had to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she needed to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she should do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she shouldn't do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she wasn't supposed to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be convinced that she had to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be convinced that she needed to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be enjoying herself very much.
Mary didn't seem to be enjoying herself.
Mary didn't seem to be happy, did she?
Mary didn't seem to be surprised when I told her about what had happened.
Mary didn't seem to be very angry, did she?
Mary didn't seem to be very busy, did she?
Mary didn't seem to be very happy, did she?
Mary didn't seem to be very hungry, did she?
Mary didn't seem to care that Tom didn't do what she asked him to do.
Mary didn't seem to care that nobody seemed to like her.
Mary didn't seem to have everything she needed.
Mary didn't seem to know exactly what she was doing.
Mary didn't seem to know what she had to do.
Mary didn't seem to know what she needed to do.
Mary didn't seem to know what she should do.
Mary didn't seem to know what she was doing.
Mary didn't seem to know what she was talking about.
Mary didn't seem to know who she needed to talk to.
Mary didn't seem to like talking about herself.
Mary didn't seem to mind sitting by herself.
Mary didn't seem to really be enjoying herself.
Mary didn't seem to remember what she had to do.
Mary didn't seem to remember what she needed to do.
Mary didn't seem to understand why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she had to do that.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she needed to do that.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she ought to do that.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she should do that.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she shouldn't do that.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she wasn't supposed to do that.
Mary didn't seem very angry, did she?
Mary didn't seem very busy, did she?
Mary didn't seem very happy, did she?
Mary didn't seem very sure of herself.
Mary didn't seem very surprised when I told her about that.
Mary didn't seem very surprised when I told her about what had happened.
Mary didn't seem very tired, did she?
Mary didn't sign her will.
Mary didn't sound like she was kidding.
Mary didn't speak French as well as I thought she could.
Mary didn't speak French when I first met her.
Mary didn't specify what she wanted.
Mary didn't spend much time with him.
Mary didn't start playing the violin until she was thirty year old.
Mary didn't start playing the violin until she was thirty.
Mary didn't start to play the piano until she was thirty.
Mary didn't start to study French until she was thirty.
Mary didn't start to write songs until she was thirty.
Mary didn't stay for as long as she said she'd stay.
Mary didn't study for her final exam.
Mary didn't suffer from dizziness.
Mary didn't suffer from vertigo.
Mary didn't suffer, did she?
Mary didn't take an umbrella with her.
Mary didn't take anything for herself.
Mary didn't take her gloves off.
Mary didn't take her hat off.
Mary didn't take her medicine.
Mary didn't take her own life.
Mary didn't take her shoes off.
Mary didn't take her umbrella with her.
Mary didn't take it with her.
Mary didn't take much luggage with her.
Mary didn't take off her coat.
Mary didn't take off her gloves.
Mary didn't take off her shoes.
Mary didn't take the medication her doctor told her to take.
Mary didn't take the medicine that the doctor had given her.
Mary didn't talk to Tom, did she?
Mary didn't talk until she was three.
Mary didn't tell Tom about the job she'd been offered.
Mary didn't tell Tom her last name.
Mary didn't tell Tom how much money she'd spent.
Mary didn't tell Tom she couldn't speak French.
Mary didn't tell Tom she didn't intend to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom she didn't like her job.
Mary didn't tell Tom she intended to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wanted to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wanted to find another job.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wanted to quit her job.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was already married.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was busy.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was going to Boston.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was going to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was hungry.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was leaving.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was married.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was sleepy.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was sorry.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was tired.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was unhappy.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wasn't happy.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wouldn't be at his party.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wouldn't do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom she'd been married before.
Mary didn't tell Tom that she couldn't eat peanuts.
Mary didn't tell Tom that she didn't know how to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom that she loved him.
Mary didn't tell Tom that she wanted his help.
Mary didn't tell Tom that she was leaving.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she had to buy.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she has to do.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she needed to buy.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she needed to do.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she wanted to buy.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she wanted to do.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she wanted to eat.
Mary didn't tell Tom when she'd be arriving.
Mary didn't tell Tom where she lived.
Mary didn't tell Tom who her father was.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she did that.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she didn't do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she didn't like him.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she didn't want him to go to Boston with her.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she enjoyed doing that.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she had to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she had to work late.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she needed his help.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she needed more money.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she wanted to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she was late.
Mary didn't tell anybody who she was.
Mary didn't tell anyone else, did she?
Mary didn't tell anyone that she'd dropped out of school.
Mary didn't tell anyone that she'd seen Tom kissing Alice.
Mary didn't tell anyone that she'd won the lottery.
Mary didn't tell anyone what she was about to do.
Mary didn't tell anyone what she was planning on doing.
Mary didn't tell anyone what she was planning to do.
Mary didn't tell anyone who she really was.
Mary didn't tell anyone who she was.
Mary didn't tell anyone why she had gone to Boston.
Mary didn't tell anyone why she was late.
Mary didn't tell me Tom was her boyfriend.
Mary didn't tell me Tom was her brother.
Mary didn't tell me Tom was her cousin.
Mary didn't tell me Tom was her ex-husband.
Mary didn't tell me Tom was her husband.
Mary didn't tell me her secret.
Mary didn't tell me she couldn't speak French.
Mary didn't tell me she didn't have time to do that.
Mary didn't tell me she didn't know how to swim.
Mary didn't tell me she didn't know what she was supposed to do.
Mary didn't tell me she intended to do that.
Mary didn't tell me she knew my brother.
Mary didn't tell me she lived in Boston.
Mary didn't tell me she planned on waiting until Monday to do that.
Mary didn't tell me she planned to wait until Monday to do that.
Mary didn't tell me she wanted to be a scientist.
Mary didn't tell me she was engaged.
Mary didn't tell me she was married.
Mary didn't tell me she'd already done that.
Mary didn't tell me she'd done that already.
Mary didn't tell me she'd gotten divorced.
Mary didn't tell me she'd gotten fired.
Mary didn't tell me she'd never been to Boston before.
Mary didn't tell me she'd never done that.
Mary didn't tell me that she didn't have a driver's license.
Mary didn't tell me that she grew up in Boston.
Mary didn't tell me that she was the one who had to do that.
Mary didn't tell me this was hers.
Mary didn't tell me where she lived.
Mary didn't tell me where she was going.
Mary didn't tell me where she went.
Mary didn't tell me where she'd been.
Mary didn't tell me whether or not she did that.
Mary didn't tell me why she did that.
Mary didn't tell me why she didn't do that.
Mary didn't tell me why she didn't want to go.
Mary didn't tell me why she had to do that.
Mary didn't tell me why she needed my help.
Mary didn't tell me why she needed to do that.
Mary didn't tell me why she wanted me to do that.
Mary didn't tell me why she wanted to do that.
Mary didn't tell me why she was going to Boston.
Mary didn't tell me why she was late.
Mary didn't tell me why she was planning to go to Boston.
Mary didn't tell me why she'd gone to Boston.
Mary didn't tell the man who she was.
Mary didn't tell the stranger who she really was.
Mary didn't tell us that she'd be in Boston this week.
Mary didn't tell us what she was doing.
Mary didn't tell us what she was going to do.
Mary didn't tell you about what happened to Tom, did she?
Mary didn't tell you any of this, did she?
Mary didn't tell you to do that, did she?
Mary didn't think I'd notice that she wasn't there.
Mary didn't think Tom heard her.
Mary didn't think Tom would allow her to do that.
Mary didn't think Tom would be at school last Monday, so she was surprised when she saw him.
Mary didn't think Tom would be awake when she got home.
Mary didn't think Tom would come to her party.
Mary didn't think Tom would eat what she made for him.
Mary didn't think Tom would enjoy her party, so she didn't invite him.
Mary didn't think Tom would enjoy her party.
Mary didn't think Tom would hurt her.
Mary didn't think Tom would kiss her.
Mary didn't think Tom would leave her.
Mary didn't think Tom would leave without her.
Mary didn't think Tom would let her do that.
Mary didn't think Tom would let her drive.
Mary didn't think Tom would permit her to do that.
Mary didn't think Tom would talk to her.
Mary didn't think she could do that.
Mary didn't think she could trust Tom.
Mary didn't think she had a choice.
Mary didn't think she had to do that.
Mary didn't think she needed a new coat.
Mary didn't think she needed to do that.
Mary didn't think she should do that.
Mary didn't think she was good enough for Tom.
Mary didn't think she would make it.
Mary didn't think she'd ever get used to Thai food.
Mary didn't think she'd ever get used to living in Boston.
Mary didn't think that anyone would recognize her.
Mary didn't touch her food.
Mary didn't touch her lunch.
Mary didn't trust Tom and he didn't trust her.
Mary didn't trust Tom as much as he trusted her.
Mary didn't understand exactly what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary didn't understand what Tom was trying to tell her.
Mary didn't understand what she was supposed to do.
Mary didn't understand why she wasn't allowed to go.
Mary didn't volunteer, but she still ended up getting hypnotized just watching the show.
Mary didn't wait for her turn.
Mary didn't wake me up at 6:30 like I asked her to.
Mary didn't want Tom to be sad.
Mary didn't want Tom to come to her party.
Mary didn't want Tom to drive her car.
Mary didn't want Tom to find out about John.
Mary didn't want Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary didn't want Tom to hate her.
Mary didn't want Tom to hold her hand.
Mary didn't want Tom to kiss her.
Mary didn't want Tom to know she was rich.
Mary didn't want Tom to know that she didn't know how to do that.
Mary didn't want Tom to know what she'd done.
Mary didn't want Tom to leave the house.
Mary didn't want Tom to see her cry.
Mary didn't want Tom to see her like this.
Mary didn't want Tom to see her painting until it was done.
Mary didn't want Tom to stop kissing her.
Mary didn't want anybody to do that for her.
Mary didn't want anybody to find out about her and Tom.
Mary didn't want anybody to see her.
Mary didn't want anybody to talk to her.
Mary didn't want anyone to do that for her.
Mary didn't want anyone to hear her.
Mary didn't want anyone to know that she'd been dating Tom.
Mary didn't want anyone to see her doing that.
Mary didn't want anyone to see her with Tom.
Mary didn't want anyone to see her.
Mary didn't want her children to grow up without a father.
Mary didn't want her friends to see her cry.
Mary didn't want her parents to find out.
Mary didn't want her picture taken.
Mary didn't want me to do that for her.
Mary didn't want me to go to Boston with her.
Mary didn't want me to help her do that.
Mary didn't want me to help her with her homework.
Mary didn't want me to help her.
Mary didn't want me to kiss her.
Mary didn't want me to sit by her.
Mary didn't want me to touch her.
Mary didn't want people to see her naked.
Mary didn't want the present Tom gave her.
Mary didn't want the same thing to happen to her.
Mary didn't want the story to end.
Mary didn't want to admit she couldn't do that.
Mary didn't want to admit she didn't know how to do that.
Mary didn't want to admit she didn't know what to do.
Mary didn't want to admit she wasn't able to do that.
Mary didn't want to admit that she didn't know.
Mary didn't want to admit that she was scared.
Mary didn't want to answer Tom's questions.
Mary didn't want to answer my question.
Mary didn't want to call attention to herself.
Mary didn't want to call her lawyer.
Mary didn't want to come here, but she came anyway.
Mary didn't want to disappoint her father.
Mary didn't want to disappoint her mother.
Mary didn't want to disappoint her parents.
Mary didn't want to do something she'd regret.
Mary didn't want to do that on her own.
Mary didn't want to do that, but she did.
Mary didn't want to do that, but she didn't have any choice.
Mary didn't want to do that, but she felt she had no choice.
Mary didn't want to do that, but she had no choice.
Mary didn't want to do that, but she had to.
Mary didn't want to do that, but she said she had to.
Mary didn't want to do that, did she?
Mary didn't want to dress like the other girls.
Mary didn't want to give Tom her phone number.
Mary didn't want to give you up.
Mary didn't want to go by herself.
Mary didn't want to go outside in the cold without a hat, woolly scarf and gloves.
Mary didn't want to go there by herself.
Mary didn't want to go to Boston by herself.
Mary didn't want to go to her room.
Mary didn't want to go, but Tom made her go.
Mary didn't want to go, but her father made her go.
Mary didn't want to go, but she did.
Mary didn't want to hear a thing about it.
Mary didn't want to help and Tom couldn't persuade her to.
Mary didn't want to help us today, but she helped us anyway.
Mary didn't want to help, but she did.
Mary didn't want to hurt her friend's feelings.
Mary didn't want to lead Tom on.
Mary didn't want to leave her house.
Mary didn't want to let Tom into her house.
Mary didn't want to live on her own.
Mary didn't want to look, but she couldn't help herself.
Mary didn't want to lose her husband.
Mary didn't want to lose her license.
Mary didn't want to make a fool of herself.
Mary didn't want to make the same mistake as her sister.
Mary didn't want to sell her car.
Mary didn't want to sell her house.
Mary didn't want to share her lunch with Tom.
Mary didn't want to spend as much money as she did.
Mary didn't want to stay, but she did.
Mary didn't want to stop doing what she was doing.
Mary didn't want to take part in the discussion.
Mary didn't want to talk to Tom, but she had no choice.
Mary didn't want to tell Tom anything about herself.
Mary didn't want to tell Tom how old she was.
Mary didn't want to tell Tom that she'd lost all her money.
Mary didn't want to tell anybody about what she'd done.
Mary didn't want to tell anybody where she'd been.
Mary didn't want to wear a sexy costume for Halloween so she decided to dress like an Amish woman.
Mary didn't want us at her party.
Mary didn't wash her car.
Mary didn't wash her hair.
Mary didn't wash her hands.
Mary didn't waste any time, did she?
Mary didn't waste her time talking to Tom.
Mary didn't waste much time, did she?
Mary didn't watch the presidential debate because she was too tired.
Mary didn't wave back.
Mary didn't wear any jewelry.
Mary didn't win, did she?
Mary didn't yet know what she needed to do.
Mary didn’t refer to the accident she had seen.
Mary didn’t wear any jewelry.
Mary died at her home in Australia.
Mary died at her home in Boston.
Mary died before Tom was born.
Mary died before she had a chance to do that.
Mary died before she hit the ground.
Mary died during childbirth.
Mary died during her stay in Boston.
Mary died for her country.
Mary died from food poisoning.
Mary died from her injuries.
Mary died giving birth to her second son.
Mary died in childbirth.
Mary died in her sleep last night.
Mary died in her sleep.
Mary died in her thirties.
Mary died in labor.
Mary died in the priest's arms.
Mary died of breast cancer in 2013.
Mary died of breast cancer.
Mary died on her farm.
Mary died on her thirtieth birthday.
Mary died on the flight to Australia.
Mary died peacefully in her sleep.
Mary died three days after she arrived in Boston.
Mary died three hours after her husband.
Mary died tragically.
Mary died when a tree fell on her.
Mary died when she was 97.
Mary died when she was thirty.
Mary died when she was very young.
Mary died while giving birth.
Mary died while she was in Australia.
Mary died while she was in Boston.
Mary died.
Mary dipped her paddle into the water.
Mary dipped her toe into the water.
Mary disagrees with Tom.
Mary disappeared into the kitchen.
Mary disappeared through the crowd.
Mary discovered a love for traditional farming methods during her travels.
Mary discovered new gardening techniques while exploring the Mediterranean.
Mary discovered that Tom was having an affair with his secretary.
Mary discovered that Tom was secretly a talented singer.
Mary discovered that her husband Tom was cheating on her.
Mary discussed her plans with Tom.
Mary discussed her wedding plans with Kate.
Mary disguised herself as a beggar.
Mary disguised herself as a man.
Mary disguised herself as a priest.
Mary dislocated her shoulder.
Mary dispatched clients quickly.
Mary ditched Tom after a week.
Mary divided the bread into two pieces.
Mary divorced Tom to marry Alice.
Mary divorced her husband and married Tom.
Mary divorced her husband long enough ago.
Mary divorced her husband several years ago.
Mary does Tai Chi almost every day since her last visit to China.
Mary does all her homework at school.
Mary does almost anything Tom asks her to do.
Mary does almost anything she's asked to do.
Mary does almost everything she's asked to do.
Mary does almost nothing she's asked to do.
Mary does anything I ask her to.
Mary does anything I tell her to.
Mary does anything Tom tells her to do.
Mary does anything we tell her to do.
Mary does anything we tell her.
Mary does as she's told.
Mary does burlesque.
Mary does everything I ask her to.
Mary does everything I tell her to.
Mary does everything Tom tells her to do.
Mary does everything Tom tells her to.
Mary does everything by herself.
Mary does everything on her own.
Mary does everything she's asked to do.
Mary does everything she's told.
Mary does everything the way Tom tells her to do it.
Mary does everything the way Tom tells her to.
Mary does everything we tell her to do.
Mary does everything we tell her to.
Mary does everything we tell her.
Mary does exactly what I tell her to do.
Mary does exactly what I tell her.
Mary does get around, doesn't she?
Mary does have a driver's license, but she can't drive.
Mary does have a driving licence, but she can't drive.
Mary does her homework before dinner.
Mary does her job well.
Mary does just about everything we ask her to do.
Mary does know how to do that, doesn't she?
Mary does know that.
Mary does know the difference, doesn't she?
Mary does know what she's doing, doesn't she?
Mary does like Tom.
Mary does like jazz, doesn't she?
Mary does like you.
Mary does look a bit like Alice.
Mary does look a lot like Alice, doesn't she?
Mary does look lonely, doesn't she?
Mary does look really happy, doesn't she?
Mary does look tense, doesn't she?
Mary does look tired, doesn't she?
Mary does most of the work by herself.
Mary does not have anyone to talk to, but she does not feel lonely.
Mary does not know what will happen to her.
Mary does not know what's waiting for her.
Mary does not let her sister borrow her clothes.
Mary does not like odd numbers.
Mary does not need a walking stick when she is at home.
Mary does not remember.
Mary does not speak Galician.
Mary does not think Tom is clean wheat.
Mary does not want to be a hippie.
Mary does not work with me.
Mary does only what she wants to do.
Mary does that a lot, doesn't she?
Mary does that as often as she can.
Mary does that because she has to.
Mary does that because she likes to.
Mary does that because she loves doing it.
Mary does that because she wants to do it.
Mary does that because she wants to.
Mary does that even when she's sick.
Mary does that every chance she gets.
Mary does that in her spare time.
Mary does that the way Tom taught her to do that.
Mary does that the way Tom told her to do it.
Mary does that when she's drunk.
Mary does that when she's happy.
Mary does that when she's hungry.
Mary does that when she's sad.
Mary does that when she's sleepy.
Mary does that when she's tired.
Mary does that whenever she can.
Mary does that whenever she has a chance to.
Mary does that whenever she has a chance.
Mary does that, doesn't she?
Mary does the best she can.
Mary does the dishes as soon as she finishes eating.
Mary does things at her own pace.
Mary does things her own way.
Mary does things in her own way.
Mary does this cute thing where she runs outside and waves goodbye to the Sun every time it sets.
Mary does want this, doesn't she?
Mary does what Tom asks her to do.
Mary does what is asked of her.
Mary does what she can to help.
Mary does what she can.
Mary does what she says she'll do.
Mary does what she thinks is right.
Mary does what she wants.
Mary does what she's asked to do.
Mary does what she's told.
Mary does what's right for her.
Mary does whatever Tom tells her to do.
Mary does whatever she wants to do.
Mary does whatever she wants to.
Mary does whatever she wants.
Mary does whatever she's asked to do.
Mary does whatever we ask her to do.
Mary does whatever we tell her to do.
Mary does whatever we tell her.
Mary doesn't accompany the children to school.
Mary doesn't allow her children to do that.
Mary doesn't allow her kids to do that.
Mary doesn't always complain, does she?
Mary doesn't always do what she's supposed to.
Mary doesn't always do what she's told.
Mary doesn't always get her way.
Mary doesn't always obey her parents.
Mary doesn't believe in God.
Mary doesn't believe in stereotypes.
Mary doesn't believe in unicorns.
Mary doesn't believe she can do that by herself.
Mary doesn't believe she can do that.
Mary doesn't believe she can win.
Mary doesn't believe she could do that.
Mary doesn't buy bread – she bakes it herself!
Mary doesn't buy bread.
Mary doesn't care about anybody but herself.
Mary doesn't care about anyone but herself.
Mary doesn't care about anything you guys say.
Mary doesn't care about her grades.
Mary doesn't care about me. It's you she's interested in.
Mary doesn't care how Tom dresses.
Mary doesn't care what other people say about her.
Mary doesn't care what people think about her.
Mary doesn't care, does she?
Mary doesn't carry a purse.
Mary doesn't carry much with her when she travels.
Mary doesn't celebrate her birthdays.
Mary doesn't clean up after herself.
Mary doesn't come here as often as she used to.
Mary doesn't come here every day, but she comes quite often.
Mary doesn't come to Boston as often as she used to.
Mary doesn't consider herself a hero.
Mary doesn't cry as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't dance much now, but I know she used to a lot.
Mary doesn't deserve Tom.
Mary doesn't deserve a guy like that.
Mary doesn't deserve the salary we're paying her.
Mary doesn't do anything she doesn't have to do.
Mary doesn't do her job very well.
Mary doesn't do it.
Mary doesn't do much, does she?
Mary doesn't do that as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't do that as often as she should.
Mary doesn't do that as often as she used to.
Mary doesn't do that as well as she should be able to.
Mary doesn't do that as well as she used to.
Mary doesn't do that by herself very often.
Mary doesn't do that the way she used to.
Mary doesn't do that, does she?
Mary doesn't do what she's supposed to do.
Mary doesn't doubt her ability to do that.
Mary doesn't doubt her own ability to do that.
Mary doesn't drink.
Mary doesn't eat anymore. She barely touches her food.
Mary doesn't eat anything except the vegetables that she grows herself.
Mary doesn't eat fish.
Mary doesn't eat meat, does she?
Mary doesn't eat meat.
Mary doesn't eat pork, does she?
Mary doesn't eat red meat.
Mary doesn't enjoy doing that as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't even go here.
Mary doesn't even understand it herself.
Mary doesn't ever come here by herself.
Mary doesn't ever kiss her husband anymore.
Mary doesn't ever kiss her husband in public.
Mary doesn't expect Tom to do that for her.
Mary doesn't express herself well.
Mary doesn't feel herself smart enough.
Mary doesn't feel like she's smart enough.
Mary doesn't feel she has to do that.
Mary doesn't feel she needs to do that.
Mary doesn't feel she's pretty enough.
Mary doesn't feel that she can trust Tom.
Mary doesn't feel we're helping her enough.
Mary doesn't give up easily, does she?
Mary doesn't go fishing as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't go fishing much now, but she used to a lot.
Mary doesn't go to the market, no matter if Tom goes to the market.
Mary doesn't go to the movies as often as she'd like to.
Mary doesn't greet her neighbors.
Mary doesn't hate you, Tom.
Mary doesn't have Tom to do that for her anymore.
Mary doesn't have a big appetite.
Mary doesn't have a boyfriend.
Mary doesn't have a clue about what she should say to him.
Mary doesn't have a clue, does she?
Mary doesn't have a husband.
Mary doesn't have a pet now, but she used to have a dog.
Mary doesn't have a pooch; she has a kitten.
Mary doesn't have any children, but she does have three nephews.
Mary doesn't have any children, does she?
Mary doesn't have any confidence in herself.
Mary doesn't have any friends she can talk to about this.
Mary doesn't have any friends who are willing to help her do that.
Mary doesn't have any friends who're willing to help her.
Mary doesn't have any help at home.
Mary doesn't have any idea how much Tom loves her.
Mary doesn't have any idea what Tom wants her to do.
Mary doesn't have any idea when Tom wants her to do that.
Mary doesn't have any money on her.
Mary doesn't have any wrinkles.
Mary doesn't have anybody to help her.
Mary doesn't have anyone to advise her.
Mary doesn't have anyone to help her.
Mary doesn't have as much energy as she used to.
Mary doesn't have as much free time as she used to.
Mary doesn't have enough courage to confront Tom directly.
Mary doesn't have enough friends.
Mary doesn't have enough money to buy everything she needs.
Mary doesn't have enough money to buy what she needs.
Mary doesn't have enough money to buy what she wants.
Mary doesn't have enough money yet to buy the car she wants.
Mary doesn't have everything she needs.
Mary doesn't have everything she wants.
Mary doesn't have expensive tastes.
Mary doesn't have her parents' permission to do that.
Mary doesn't have her phone on her.
Mary doesn't have her phone with her today.
Mary doesn't have many clothes. That's why you always see her wearing the same thing.
Mary doesn't have many photos of herself as a baby.
Mary doesn't have much money with her.
Mary doesn't have much to say.
Mary doesn't have the ability to finish the job by herself.
Mary doesn't have the confidence to do that by herself.
Mary doesn't have the virus.
Mary doesn't have time to do the laundry.
Mary doesn't have to come if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to do anything she doesn't want to do.
Mary doesn't have to do anything she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to do that by herself.
Mary doesn't have to do that if she doesn't really want to.
Mary doesn't have to do that if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to do that now, does she?
Mary doesn't have to do that, but she should.
Mary doesn't have to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't have to do that. Tom will do it for her.
Mary doesn't have to eat anything she doesn't want to eat.
Mary doesn't have to eat it if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to eat this if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to explain herself to me.
Mary doesn't have to go if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to go there by herself.
Mary doesn't have to go there if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to go there unless she wants to.
Mary doesn't have to go unless she wants to.
Mary doesn't have to help if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to help us if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to know about any of this.
Mary doesn't have to leave now, does she?
Mary doesn't have to say anything if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to sing if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to stay if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to talk about it if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to tell Tom if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to wash the car if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have what she needs.
Mary doesn't have what she wants yet.
Mary doesn't intend to go by herself.
Mary doesn't just play Skyrim, she even makes mods for it.
Mary doesn't keep her promises.
Mary doesn't know I don't like her.
Mary doesn't know I hate her.
Mary doesn't know I like her.
Mary doesn't know I wish she'd leave.
Mary doesn't know Tom, but she'd like to meet him.
Mary doesn't know about my feelings.
Mary doesn't know anything about politics.
Mary doesn't know anything about this, does she?
Mary doesn't know exactly what she has to do.
Mary doesn't know exactly what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't know exactly what she ought to do.
Mary doesn't know exactly what she should do.
Mary doesn't know her neighbors.
Mary doesn't know how long she'll have to wait for Tom.
Mary doesn't know how lucky she is.
Mary doesn't know how much Tom loves her.
Mary doesn't know how much time she'll have to do that.
Mary doesn't know how much time she'll need to do that.
Mary doesn't know how much time she'll need.
Mary doesn't know how she should do that.
Mary doesn't know how she's going to do that.
Mary doesn't know how she's going to keep Tom from doing that.
Mary doesn't know how to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't know how to explain how she did that.
Mary doesn't know how to relax and enjoy life.
Mary doesn't know how to say what she wants to say in French.
Mary doesn't know if Tom will go with her tomorrow or not.
Mary doesn't know if she can do what you're asking her to do.
Mary doesn't know if she'll be able to visit us next Monday.
Mary doesn't know if she'll come or not.
Mary doesn't know if she'll do that or not.
Mary doesn't know it, but Tom is also dating Alice.
Mary doesn't know much about sailing, does she?
Mary doesn't know she has to do that today.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that again.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that anymore.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that here.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't try doing that by herself.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't try to do that by herself.
Mary doesn't know she'll never be able to do that again.
Mary doesn't know she'll never be able to do that.
Mary doesn't know she's adopted.
Mary doesn't know she's going to be fired.
Mary doesn't know she's got to do that today.
Mary doesn't know she's not likely to be punished.
Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to do that again.
Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to do that anymore.
Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to do that.
Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to help Tom do that.
Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to park there.
Mary doesn't know she's supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Mary doesn't know she's supposed to do that.
Mary doesn't know that I hate her.
Mary doesn't know that I like her.
Mary doesn't know that I saved her life, right?
Mary doesn't know that I think she's stupid.
Mary doesn't know that Tom doesn't like her.
Mary doesn't know that Tom hates her.
Mary doesn't know that Tom is in love with her.
Mary doesn't know that Tom thinks she's stupid.
Mary doesn't know that she's adopted.
Mary doesn't know that what she did was wrong.
Mary doesn't know what Tom expects from her.
Mary doesn't know what Tom expects her to do.
Mary doesn't know what Tom thinks she should do.
Mary doesn't know what Tom wants her to buy him for his birthday.
Mary doesn't know what Tom wants her to buy.
Mary doesn't know what Tom wants her to do.
Mary doesn't know what Tom would like her to do.
Mary doesn't know what Tom's capable of.
Mary doesn't know what happened because she wasn't there.
Mary doesn't know what happened, does she?
Mary doesn't know what she did to make Tom so angry.
Mary doesn't know what she did was wrong.
Mary doesn't know what she has to buy.
Mary doesn't know what she has to do yet.
Mary doesn't know what she has to do.
Mary doesn't know what she needs to buy.
Mary doesn't know what she needs to do yet.
Mary doesn't know what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't know what she really wants.
Mary doesn't know what she should be doing.
Mary doesn't know what she should do yet.
Mary doesn't know what she should do.
Mary doesn't know what she wants.
Mary doesn't know what she'll do yet.
Mary doesn't know what she'll do.
Mary doesn't know what she's doing, does she?
Mary doesn't know what she's doing.
Mary doesn't know what she's going to do yet.
Mary doesn't know what she's going to do.
Mary doesn't know what she's gotten herself into.
Mary doesn't know what she's missing.
Mary doesn't know what she's saying.
Mary doesn't know what she's supposed to be doing.
Mary doesn't know what she's supposed to do.
Mary doesn't know what she's talking about.
Mary doesn't know what to say to him.
Mary doesn't know what's in store for her.
Mary doesn't know where her keys are.
Mary doesn't know where she belongs.
Mary doesn't know where she is.
Mary doesn't know where she left her keys.
Mary doesn't know where she should be.
Mary doesn't know where she should go.
Mary doesn't know where she was born.
Mary doesn't know where she's going to live next year.
Mary doesn't know where she's going.
Mary doesn't know whether Tom likes her or not.
Mary doesn't know whether she can do that or not.
Mary doesn't know whether she can do that, but she says she'll try.
Mary doesn't know whether she can do that, but she'll give it a try.
Mary doesn't know whether she has to do that or not.
Mary doesn't know whether she needs to do that or not.
Mary doesn't know whether she should go to the party or not.
Mary doesn't know whether she should take on the job or not.
Mary doesn't know whether she'll do that or not.
Mary doesn't know who did that, does she?
Mary doesn't know who she can trust anymore.
Mary doesn't know who she should ask to help her do that.
Mary doesn't know who she should ask to help her figure out her taxes.
Mary doesn't know who she should ask to help her.
Mary doesn't know who she should ask.
Mary doesn't know who shot her.
Mary doesn't know who stabbed her.
Mary doesn't know who's going to help her.
Mary doesn't know who's living in the house next to hers.
Mary doesn't know why Tom and John don't like her.
Mary doesn't know why Tom called her.
Mary doesn't know why Tom didn't want her to do that.
Mary doesn't know why Tom doesn't like her friends.
Mary doesn't know why Tom doesn't like her.
Mary doesn't know why Tom doesn't want her at his party.
Mary doesn't know why Tom doesn't want her to do that.
Mary doesn't know why Tom doesn't want her to help him.
Mary doesn't know why Tom is afraid of her.
Mary doesn't know why Tom is ignoring her.
Mary doesn't know why Tom is mad at her.
Mary doesn't know why Tom is scared of her.
Mary doesn't know why Tom left her.
Mary doesn't know why Tom wanted her to leave.
Mary doesn't know why Tom wants her to go to Boston with him.
Mary doesn't know why Tom wants her to leave.
Mary doesn't know why Tom wasn't at her party.
Mary doesn't know why her boss wants her to go to Boston.
Mary doesn't know why she's here.
Mary doesn't know you're here, does she?
Mary doesn't leave her house.
Mary doesn't let Tom drive her car.
Mary doesn't let Tom get near her.
Mary doesn't let anyone touch her.
Mary doesn't let her children do that.
Mary doesn't let her kids do that.
Mary doesn't let her sister borrow her clothes.
Mary doesn't let me do the washing-up because she thinks I waste too much water.
Mary doesn't light the candles in her room.
Mary doesn't like Tom much.
Mary doesn't like Tom telling her what to do.
Mary doesn't like Tom.
Mary doesn't like Tom. However, he doesn't particularly care whether she likes him or not.
Mary doesn't like anybody and nobody likes her.
Mary doesn't like apples, does she?
Mary doesn't like being alone.
Mary doesn't like being labeled feminine.
Mary doesn't like being told she's not old enough yet.
Mary doesn't like boys like Tom.
Mary doesn't like eating at Applebee's.
Mary doesn't like girly clothes.
Mary doesn't like her coffee hot.
Mary doesn't like her job.
Mary doesn't like her mother-in-law.
Mary doesn't like her name.
Mary doesn't like her new job.
Mary doesn't like her new sofa.
Mary doesn't like her profession for a number of reasons.
Mary doesn't like her stepmother.
Mary doesn't like hot coffee.
Mary doesn't like it when Tom kisses her in public.
Mary doesn't like it when Tom leaves his dirty clothes on the floor.
Mary doesn't like it when Tom leaves the toilet seat up.
Mary doesn't like it when Tom takes her for granted.
Mary doesn't like it when her boyfriend kisses her in public.
Mary doesn't like it when her nephews act silly.
Mary doesn't like it when people say no to her.
Mary doesn't like it when she doesn't have enough money.
Mary doesn't like it.
Mary doesn't like looking in the mirror.
Mary doesn't like me.
Mary doesn't like men who act like Tom.
Mary doesn't like men who are stingy like Tom.
Mary doesn't like men who get jealous easily like Tom.
Mary doesn't like men who look like Tom.
Mary doesn't like men who make less than $100,000 a year like Tom.
Mary doesn't like men who sound like Tom.
Mary doesn't like men who speak like Tom.
Mary doesn't like men who talk a lot about themselves like Tom.
Mary doesn't like men who think like Tom.
Mary doesn't like milk in her coffee.
Mary doesn't like parsley at all.
Mary doesn't like parsley.
Mary doesn't like paying taxes.
Mary doesn't like people telling her what to do.
Mary doesn't like people to know that she can't speak French well.
Mary doesn't like porn unless it's from someone's ex.
Mary doesn't like repeating herself.
Mary doesn't like science-fiction.
Mary doesn't like short men, unless they have a lot of money.
Mary doesn't like sleeping alone.
Mary doesn't like spinach, so she didn't eat any.
Mary doesn't like stuffed toys or dolls.
Mary doesn't like talking about herself.
Mary doesn't like the house that she lives in.
Mary doesn't like the way Tom dresses.
Mary doesn't like the way Tom looks at her.
Mary doesn't like the way Tom treats her.
Mary doesn't like this game.
Mary doesn't like to cook.
Mary doesn't like to do that, but she does.
Mary doesn't like to do that, but she'll do it anyway.
Mary doesn't like to repeat herself.
Mary doesn't like to talk about her love life.
Mary doesn't like to talk about what she does.
Mary doesn't like to tell people how old she is.
Mary doesn't like to work by herself.
Mary doesn't like waitressing.
Mary doesn't like wearing dresses.
Mary doesn't like wearing skirts.
Mary doesn't live far from where she works.
Mary doesn't live here anymore. She's moved to Australia.
Mary doesn't live here anymore. She's moved to Boston.
Mary doesn't live here, does she?
Mary doesn't live in my neighborhood.
Mary doesn't live near her office.
Mary doesn't look happy, does she?
Mary doesn't look her age.
Mary doesn't look like her mother.
Mary doesn't look like she's busy.
Mary doesn't look like she's enjoying herself.
Mary doesn't look like she's happy.
Mary doesn't look like she's having a good time.
Mary doesn't look like she's having any fun.
Mary doesn't look like she's having fun.
Mary doesn't look like she's lonely.
Mary doesn't look like she's tired.
Mary doesn't look like she's unhappy.
Mary doesn't look much like her mother.
Mary doesn't look so busy, does she?
Mary doesn't look so happy, does she?
Mary doesn't look too happy, does she?
Mary doesn't love Tom like she used to.
Mary doesn't love Tom.
Mary doesn't love her husband anymore.
Mary doesn't love her husband.
Mary doesn't love me anymore.
Mary doesn't love me.
Mary doesn't make as much money as she says she does.
Mary doesn't make me laugh like she used to.
Mary doesn't make pie crust. She usually buys it pre-made.
Mary doesn't miss a thing, does she?
Mary doesn't miss anything, does she?
Mary doesn't necessarily have to go there by herself.
Mary doesn't need all that frippery for a simple visit to church.
Mary doesn't need makeup. She's pretty just the way she is.
Mary doesn't need me to do that for her anymore.
Mary doesn't need me to tell her how to do it.
Mary doesn't need me to tell her how to do that.
Mary doesn't need money right now.
Mary doesn't need to bring a lunch. I'll make something for her to eat.
Mary doesn't need to come if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't need to do anything she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't need to do that by herself.
Mary doesn't need to do that if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't need to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't need to do that. Tom will do it for her.
Mary doesn't need to go if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't need to go there by herself.
Mary doesn't need to go there herself.
Mary doesn't need to go there if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't need to go there unless she wants to.
Mary doesn't need to lose any more weight. She's already slim.
Mary doesn't need to prove herself.
Mary doesn't need to read this if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't need to work. Her husband is rich.
Mary doesn't obey her parents.
Mary doesn't often admit she's wrong.
Mary doesn't often admit that she's wrong.
Mary doesn't often do that by herself.
Mary doesn't often go hiking by herself.
Mary doesn't often let Tom drive her car.
Mary doesn't often talk about her private life.
Mary doesn't pay any mind to her health.
Mary doesn't permit her children to do that.
Mary doesn't permit her kids to do that.
Mary doesn't plan on doing that until I tell her to.
Mary doesn't plan on doing that until Tom tells her to.
Mary doesn't plan on doing that until you tell her to.
Mary doesn't plan to do that until I tell her to.
Mary doesn't plan to do that until Tom tells her to.
Mary doesn't plan to do that until you tell her to.
Mary doesn't plan to go by herself.
Mary doesn't play golf as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't play tennis as often as she'd like to.
Mary doesn't play with dolls anymore.
Mary doesn't play with the doll her father bought her.
Mary doesn't play with the doll that her father bought her.
Mary doesn't put sugar in her coffee.
Mary doesn't put up with that.
Mary doesn't read any English-language books.
Mary doesn't realise that she gets on everyone's nerves.
Mary doesn't realise that she gets on everyone's wick.
Mary doesn't realize how lucky she is.
Mary doesn't realize how much Tom loves her.
Mary doesn't realize what Tom wants from her.
Mary doesn't realize what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't realize what she's doing.
Mary doesn't realize what she's done.
Mary doesn't realize what she's lost.
Mary doesn't really believe that nonsense, does she?
Mary doesn't really believe that, does she?
Mary doesn't really care how she does that.
Mary doesn't really care whether Tom likes her or not.
Mary doesn't really care whether she wins or not.
Mary doesn't really care, does she?
Mary doesn't really do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really enjoy doing that as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't really enjoy doing that, does she?
Mary doesn't really expect to win, does she?
Mary doesn't really have to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really know why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary doesn't really know, does she?
Mary doesn't really listen when Tom is talking to her.
Mary doesn't really live here, does she?
Mary doesn't really mean that, does she?
Mary doesn't really need to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really plan on doing that, does she?
Mary doesn't really plan on staying up all night, does she?
Mary doesn't really plan to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really plan to stay up all night, does she?
Mary doesn't really think I can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really think I did that, does she?
Mary doesn't really think Tom can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really think Tom could do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really think Tom did that, does she?
Mary doesn't really think she can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really think that I did that, does she?
Mary doesn't really think that Tom did that, does she?
Mary doesn't really think we can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really want me to help her.
Mary doesn't really want to do that with us, does she?
Mary doesn't really want to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really want to eat with us, does she?
Mary doesn't really want to live there, does she?
Mary doesn't regret what she did at all.
Mary doesn't remember Tom asking her to do that.
Mary doesn't remember doing what everybody says she did.
Mary doesn't remember having said that.
Mary doesn't remember her password.
Mary doesn't remember if she did that or not.
Mary doesn't remember if she locked the door.
Mary doesn't remember saying that.
Mary doesn't remember the last time she saw Tom.
Mary doesn't remember who told her that.
Mary doesn't respect her father.
Mary doesn't say much, does she?
Mary doesn't see any reason why she has to go.
Mary doesn't see why she should do that.
Mary doesn't see why she shouldn't do that.
Mary doesn't seem convinced that she has to do that.
Mary doesn't seem convinced that she needs to do that.
Mary doesn't seem like herself.
Mary doesn't seem so busy, does she?
Mary doesn't seem that busy, does she?
Mary doesn't seem to appreciate what we've done for her.
Mary doesn't seem to be aware of what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't seem to be doing what she's supposed to.
Mary doesn't seem to be doing what we asked her to do.
Mary doesn't seem to be enjoying herself very much.
Mary doesn't seem to be enjoying herself.
Mary doesn't seem to be herself these days.
Mary doesn't seem to have decided yet whether she'll do that or not.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she has to do.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she should do.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she wants.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she's doing.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she's talking about.
Mary doesn't seem to like herself very much.
Mary doesn't seem to like me.
Mary doesn't seem to think she needs to go to the hospital.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why people don't like her.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she has to do that.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she isn't supposed to do that.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she needs to do that.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she ought to do that.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she should do that.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she shouldn't do that.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she's supposed to do that.
Mary doesn't seem too happy, does she?
Mary doesn't seem very warm.
Mary doesn't share her food.
Mary doesn't shave her armpits.
Mary doesn't shave her legs.
Mary doesn't sing very well.
Mary doesn't sleep as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't smile as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't smile as often as she used to.
Mary doesn't smoke, does she?
Mary doesn't smoke.
Mary doesn't sound so sure of herself.
Mary doesn't speak English at home.
Mary doesn't speak English.
Mary doesn't speak French as well as I thought she did.
Mary doesn't speak French as well as she speaks English.
Mary doesn't speak French, does she?
Mary doesn't speak Galician.
Mary doesn't still do that, does she?
Mary doesn't still have to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't still need to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't still want to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't study as hard as she should.
Mary doesn't study as hard as she used to.
Mary doesn't swim as well as she used to.
Mary doesn't take Tom for a man.
Mary doesn't take herself seriously.
Mary doesn't take life for granted.
Mary doesn't talk for the sake of talking.
Mary doesn't talk much, does she?
Mary doesn't talk to her neighbors.
Mary doesn't think I can do it, does she?
Mary doesn't think I can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't think I can swim, does she?
Mary doesn't think I did it, does she?
Mary doesn't think I did that, does she?
Mary doesn't think Tom can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't think Tom can stop her from doing that.
Mary doesn't think Tom did that, does she?
Mary doesn't think Tom lies to her, but I know he does.
Mary doesn't think Tom really could do that, does she?
Mary doesn't think Tom will allow her to do that.
Mary doesn't think Tom will be awake when she gets home.
Mary doesn't think Tom will be doing that with her.
Mary doesn't think Tom will permit her to do that.
Mary doesn't think Tom would allow her to do that.
Mary doesn't think Tom would be angry even if she did that.
Mary doesn't think Tom would be mad even if she did that.
Mary doesn't think Tom would be surprised if she did that.
Mary doesn't think Tom would be willing to lend her his guitar.
Mary doesn't think Tom would let her do that.
Mary doesn't think Tom would permit her to do that.
Mary doesn't think before she speaks.
Mary doesn't think it was her fault.
Mary doesn't think it's her fault.
Mary doesn't think she can do that that soon.
Mary doesn't think she can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't think she can do that.
Mary doesn't think she can find the time to do that.
Mary doesn't think she can get Tom to do that.
Mary doesn't think she can stop Tom from doing that.
Mary doesn't think she can win.
Mary doesn't think she could do that without our help.
Mary doesn't think she could do that.
Mary doesn't think she did anything wrong.
Mary doesn't think she has to do that today.
Mary doesn't think she has to do that.
Mary doesn't think she needs to do that today.
Mary doesn't think she needs to do that.
Mary doesn't think she ought to do that.
Mary doesn't think she really has to do that.
Mary doesn't think she really needs to do that.
Mary doesn't think she should do that.
Mary doesn't think she snores.
Mary doesn't think she wants to do that right now.
Mary doesn't think she'd enjoy doing that.
Mary doesn't think she'd want to do that.
Mary doesn't think she'll be able to come tomorrow.
Mary doesn't think she'll be able to do that.
Mary doesn't think she'll be able to finish the job by herself.
Mary doesn't think she'll be able to win.
Mary doesn't think she'll be allowed to do that.
Mary doesn't think she'll be permitted to do that.
Mary doesn't think she'll cry.
Mary doesn't think she'll do that.
Mary doesn't think she'll ever be able to do that.
Mary doesn't think she'll get the job.
Mary doesn't think she'll have the time to do that today.
Mary doesn't think she'll lose.
Mary doesn't think she'll win.
Mary doesn't think she's allowed to do that.
Mary doesn't think she's as creative as Tom.
Mary doesn't think she's capable of doing that.
Mary doesn't think she's ever met you.
Mary doesn't think she's going to be able to do that.
Mary doesn't think she's going to do that.
Mary doesn't think she's permitted to do that.
Mary doesn't think she's ready to do that yet.
Mary doesn't think that I did that, does she?
Mary doesn't think that Tom did that, does she?
Mary doesn't think that Tom was the one who stole her bicycle.
Mary doesn't think that it was her fault.
Mary doesn't think that it's her fault.
Mary doesn't think that she should do that.
Mary doesn't think they'll allow her to do that.
Mary doesn't think they'll permit her to do that.
Mary doesn't think we can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't trust anybody else to do that for her.
Mary doesn't trust anyone else to do that for her.
Mary doesn't understand English at all.
Mary doesn't understand English.
Mary doesn't understand that.
Mary doesn't understand what you expect her to do.
Mary doesn't understand what you want her to do.
Mary doesn't understand why Tom chose a cat as his online avatar.
Mary doesn't use her yacht for leisure, but for oceanographic research.
Mary doesn't use it.
Mary doesn't use lipstick.
Mary doesn't use salt in her cooking.
Mary doesn't usually do that by herself.
Mary doesn't usually get what she asks for.
Mary doesn't usually wear jewellery.
Mary doesn't usually wear jewelry.
Mary doesn't usually wear makeup.
Mary doesn't vote.
Mary doesn't want Tom anywhere near her.
Mary doesn't want Tom to do that for her.
Mary doesn't want Tom to do what she did.
Mary doesn't want Tom to go anywhere without her.
Mary doesn't want Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary doesn't want Tom to sing at her party.
Mary doesn't want anyone to know that she's rich.
Mary doesn't want her picture taken.
Mary doesn't want it, does she?
Mary doesn't want it.
Mary doesn't want me here, does she?
Mary doesn't want me to see what she's doing.
Mary doesn't want to admit how much she misses Tom.
Mary doesn't want to admit that she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary doesn't want to admit that she has a drinking problem.
Mary doesn't want to be my friend. She thinks that she's too cool for me.
Mary doesn't want to call her lawyer.
Mary doesn't want to clean her room.
Mary doesn't want to do that and I don't blame her.
Mary doesn't want to do that by herself.
Mary doesn't want to do that herself.
Mary doesn't want to do that on her own.
Mary doesn't want to do that today because she's sick.
Mary doesn't want to do that, but she has no choice.
Mary doesn't want to do that, but she says she has to.
Mary doesn't want to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't want to dye her hair.
Mary doesn't want to eat anything I cook for her.
Mary doesn't want to end up being an old maid.
Mary doesn't want to go there by herself.
Mary doesn't want to go to school anymore.
Mary doesn't want to introduce me to her fiancé.
Mary doesn't want to live by herself.
Mary doesn't want to live on her own.
Mary doesn't want to live with me anymore.
Mary doesn't want to lose her job.
Mary doesn't want to see me, but I have to find an excuse for talking to her.
Mary doesn't want to sell her car.
Mary doesn't want to sell her farm.
Mary doesn't want to sell her land.
Mary doesn't want to share her toys with her friends.
Mary doesn't want to study French, but she has to.
Mary doesn't want to wear expensive brand name clothes.
Mary doesn't want you to do that for her.
Mary doesn't want you to go, does she?
Mary doesn't waste any time, does she?
Mary doesn't waste time.
Mary doesn't watch TV with you, does she?
Mary doesn't wear as much makeup as Alice does.
Mary doesn't wear as much makeup as Alice.
Mary doesn't wear cheap perfume.
Mary doesn't wear glasses, but she used to.
Mary doesn't wear jewelry.
Mary doesn't wear lipstick.
Mary doesn't wear makeup at all.
Mary doesn't wear makeup, because she doesn't need to.
Mary doesn't wear makeup.
Mary doesn't work as hard as she used to.
Mary doesn't work as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't yet know exactly when she'll leave.
Mary doesn't yet know that Tom will be at her birthday party.
Mary doesn't yet know what she has to do.
Mary doesn't yet know what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't yet know what she should do.
Mary doesn't yet know what she'll do.
Mary doesn't yet know what she's going to do.
Mary doesn't yet know whether she can go or not.
Mary doesn't yet realize what she has to do.
Mary doesn't yet realize what she needs to do.
Mary doesn’t dance much now, but I know she used to a lot.
Mary doesn’t have a clue about what she should say to him.
Mary doesn’t know what to say to him.
Mary doesn’t like it when Tom leaves the toilet seat up.
Mary doesn’t make pie crust. She usually buys it pre-made.
Mary doesn’t use salt in her cooking.
Mary double checked her makeup.
Mary doubts if Tom will come to her birthday party.
Mary doubts that she'll be able to get there on time.
Mary dove into the water and swam as fast as she could.
Mary dragged Tom onto the dance floor.
Mary dragged herself out of bed.
Mary drank a cup of coffee.
Mary drank a few cups of coffee to keep herself awake.
Mary drank a lot at the party and ended up making a fool of herself.
Mary drank a lot of coffee so she could stay awake.
Mary drank a whole bottle of wine by herself.
Mary drank her coffee.
Mary drank her orange juice.
Mary drank her soda.
Mary drank her wine.
Mary drank herself to death.
Mary drank some beer, didn't she?
Mary drank the orange juice I poured for her.
Mary drank the water that Tom gave her.
Mary drank the white wine Tom poured for her.
Mary drank the whole bottle of milk by herself.
Mary drank the whole bottle of wine all by herself.
Mary drank the whole bottle of wine by herself.
Mary drank three bottles of wine by herself last night.
Mary drank three cups of coffee before she left for work.
Mary dreaded having to tell her parents that she was pregnant.
Mary dreamed about kissing Tom.
Mary dreamed that one day she would meet a prince and they would get married.
Mary dreamed that she had won the contest.
Mary dreamed that she was dreaming.
Mary dressed as a 1920s gangster for Halloween.
Mary dressed as an ancient Egyptian priestess.
Mary dressed as an ancient Egyptian princess.
Mary dressed as an astronaut.
Mary dressed casually.
Mary dressed conservatively.
Mary dressed herself hastily.
Mary dressed herself quickly, then ran out the door.
Mary dressed herself quickly.
Mary dressed hurriedly.
Mary dressed modestly.
Mary dressed up as a princess for Halloween.
Mary dressed up as a witch for Halloween.
Mary dressed up as a witch.
Mary dresses like a grandmother.
Mary drew a house and a tree.
Mary drew a large circle in the sand.
Mary drew a lot of tentacle porn.
Mary drew a picture of her house.
Mary drew her gun slowly.
Mary drew her knees to her chest.
Mary drew me a map to her house.
Mary dried her eyes.
Mary dried her face with a towel.
Mary dried her hair with a hair dryer.
Mary dried her hair with a towel.
Mary dried her hands on her apron.
Mary dried her hands with a towel.
Mary dried herself with a bath towel.
Mary dried herself with a towel.
Mary drinks a lot of water.
Mary drinks at least three liters of water a day.
Mary drinks iced tea.
Mary drinks lemonade.
Mary drinks like a fish.
Mary drinks milk.
Mary drinks only chamomile tea.
Mary drives a black car, doesn't she?
Mary drives a minivan.
Mary drives a sports car, doesn't she?
Mary drives by Tom's house on her way to and from work.
Mary drives by Tom's house on her way to work.
Mary drives faster than Tom.
Mary drives her parents' car.
Mary drives the way Tom taught her to drive.
Mary dropped everything she was doing to help Tom.
Mary dropped her books and Tom rushed to pick them up for her.
Mary dropped her books in front of Tom.
Mary dropped her books.
Mary dropped her coffee cup.
Mary dropped her cup and broke it.
Mary dropped her earring in the sink which then vanished down the plughole.
Mary dropped her eyelids and looked away.
Mary dropped her flashlight.
Mary dropped her glass.
Mary dropped her kids off at school.
Mary dropped her pencil.
Mary dropped her phone and broke it.
Mary dropped her phone in the water.
Mary dropped her phone.
Mary dropped her son off at school.
Mary dropped off the kids at school.
Mary dropped out of college when she was a junior.
Mary dropped out of school and started working when she was thirteen.
Mary dropped out of school when she was thirteen.
Mary dropped out of school.
Mary dropped out on the final few metres.
Mary dropped the children off at school.
Mary drove Tom to soccer practice.
Mary drove Tom to the hospital.
Mary drove her car to Boston.
Mary drove her children to school.
Mary drove her children to soccer practice.
Mary drove her children to the pool.
Mary drove her kids to school.
Mary drove her motorcycle back and forth over Tom's painted miniatures.
Mary drove herself to the hospital.
Mary drove past Tom's house on her way home from work.
Mary drove past Tom's house on her way to the supermarket.
Mary drove the boys to the pool.
Mary drove the car.
Mary drove to the hospital as fast as she could.
Mary drove.
Mary drowned in her bathtub.
Mary drowned in her own swimming pool.
Mary drowned in her swimming pool.
Mary drowned in the ocean.
Mary dug a grave for her dog.
Mary dug a hole in her backyard.
Mary dug her nails into Tom's arm.
Mary dug her phone out of her purse.
Mary dumped him.
Mary dumped me.
Mary dusted herself off.
Mary dyed her dress red.
Mary dyed her hair black.
Mary dyed her hair blue.
Mary dyed her hair brown.
Mary dyed her hair dark brown.
Mary dyed her hair the same color as Tom's.
Mary dyed her hair.
Mary dyed her old T-shirt blue.
Mary dyes her hair, doesn't she?
Mary dyes her hair.
Mary earned her doctorate at Harvard.
Mary earned her doctorate in 2013.
Mary earned her doctorate in Boston.
Mary earned it.
Mary earned many badges as a girl scout.
Mary earned money babysitting.
Mary earns a lot of money and has a glamorous lifestyle.
Mary earns her living as a guitarist.
Mary earns her living as a teacher.
Mary earns more than her husband.
Mary eats a lot, doesn't she?
Mary eats a tomato.
Mary eats at her desk all day.
Mary eats breakfast with her mother.
Mary eats chocolate ice cream whenever she can.
Mary eats hotdogs every chance she gets.
Mary eats hotdogs whenever she can.
Mary eats less than her sister does.
Mary eats lunch at her desk.
Mary eats lunch by herself every day.
Mary eats more than her father.
Mary eats only what she wants to eat.
Mary eats steak every chance she gets.
Mary eats too many prepared foods.
Mary embraced her father.
Mary embraced her son.
Mary embraces her natural beauty with confidence.
Mary emerged as victor from countless tournaments.
Mary emerged victorious from countless tournaments.
Mary emigrated to Australia when she was thirty.
Mary emptied her bank account.
Mary emptied her pockets.
Mary ended up doing that by herself.
Mary ended up getting paid much less than she expected.
Mary ended up going by herself.
Mary ended up going herself.
Mary ended up not buying the car she was considering buying.
Mary ended up not getting paid as much as she expected.
Mary ended up taking the job that they offered her.
Mary enjoyed a coconut drink under the palm trees.
Mary enjoyed a game of beach volleyball with her friends.
Mary enjoyed exploring ancient ruins during her travels.
Mary enjoyed fishing with her father.
Mary enjoyed her stay in Australia.
Mary enjoyed her stay in Boston.
Mary enjoyed her stay.
Mary enjoyed herself a lot at the party.
Mary enjoyed herself at the concert.
Mary enjoyed herself at the dance last weekend.
Mary enjoyed herself at the party.
Mary enjoyed herself.
Mary enjoyed reading a book while sunbathing.
Mary enjoyed talking to Tom in French. He was the only one who would speak slowly and clearly enough for her to understand everything at the first attempt.
Mary enjoyed the spa treatments at the beach resort.
Mary enjoyed the time she spent in Boston with Tom.
Mary enjoyed the tropical gardens at their resort.
Mary enjoyed walking along the beach under the moonlight.
Mary enjoys being a celebrity.
Mary enjoys being the center of attention.
Mary enjoys being with Tom.
Mary enjoys bukkake porn.
Mary enjoys collaborating with Tom on projects where they can both learn.
Mary enjoys doing that with her family.
Mary enjoys finding creative ways to share what she’s learned with Tom.
Mary enjoys her classes.
Mary enjoys how Tom challenges her thinking in positive ways.
Mary enjoys how Tom is always eager to learn something new.
Mary enjoys learning from Tom’s practical experiences.
Mary enjoys learning new things from Tom, even in areas she’s unfamiliar with.
Mary enjoys mentoring Tom in areas where she has more experience.
Mary enjoys movies.
Mary enjoys reading novels.
Mary enjoys sewing and makes all her own clothes.
Mary enjoys sharing her gardening knowledge with friends.
Mary enjoys showing Tom new tools and techniques she’s discovered.
Mary enjoys swimming almost as much as she enjoys skiing.
Mary enjoys talking about herself.
Mary enjoys teaching Tom about topics she’s passionate about.
Mary enjoys watching people do things that she can't do.
Mary enjoys what she does.
Mary enlisted in the army when she was eighteen.
Mary entered a beauty contest.
Mary entered a beauty pageant.
Mary entered a nunnery.
Mary entered her password.
Mary entered the room and shut the door behind her.
Mary especially liked Tom's sentences about squirrels.
Mary evaded the question.
Mary eventually admitted that she'd done that.
Mary eventually changed her mind.
Mary eventually did everything we asked her to do.
Mary eventually found a job that she liked.
Mary eventually told Tom that she'd done that.
Mary eventually turned herself in.
Mary excels at tennis.
Mary exchanged her camera for a guitar.
Mary excitedly entered the room, she gave Tom a big hug and a huge slap.
Mary excused herself and left the room.
Mary excused herself and left.
Mary excused herself suddenly.
Mary excused herself to answer a phone call.
Mary excused herself to go to the washroom.
Mary excused herself.
Mary executed a perfectly-timed combo.
Mary exercises regularly.
Mary expected Tom to agree with her.
Mary expected Tom to be at her party.
Mary expected Tom to disagree with her, but he didn't.
Mary expected Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary expected Tom to help her.
Mary expected Tom to kiss her.
Mary expected Tom to sit with her at the concert.
Mary expected Tom to wink at her, but he didn't.
Mary expected her high scores on the standardized test to help her get into college.
Mary expected us do the same thing she did.
Mary expected us to go with her yesterday.
Mary expects Tom to do that for her.
Mary expects Tom to eat dinner with her.
Mary expects Tom to forgive her.
Mary expects Tom to sit with her.
Mary expects all three of us to do that with her.
Mary expects all three of us to do the same thing she's doing.
Mary expects all three of us to go with her.
Mary expects me to help her do that.
Mary expects me to help her.
Mary expects to release her game in Q2 2018.
Mary expects us do the same thing she's doing.
Mary experienced a pain in her leg.
Mary experienced her first orgasm with Tom.
Mary explained her decision.
Mary explained her plan in detail.
Mary explained her plan to Tom.
Mary explained her position to Tom.
Mary explained her problem.
Mary explained her reasons clearly.
Mary explained her reasons to me.
Mary explained how she did that.
Mary explained how she lost her money.
Mary explained in detail what she had seen.
Mary explained it.
Mary explained that she was the one who had done that.
Mary explained the haiku poem by Shūōshi Mizuhara. “The drumming of the woodpecker,” she wrote, “indicates that it is autumn. The season is drawing to a close, however, as the leaves are already falling swiftly from the trees standing in the meadow — a picture that, accompanied by the drumming of the woodpecker, the industrious herald of autumn, generates a feeling of gloomy loneliness in the face of walks soon to be over. Since the noisy woodpecker is in the foreground of the soundscape, it must be otherwise very still.”
Mary explained to Tom that the joke relied on a double entendre.
Mary explained to Tom why she couldn't go to his party.
Mary explained to Tom why she needed to buy a new car.
Mary explained to Tom why she wasn't able to do that.
Mary explained to her parents that everyone at school had a tattoo, but they remained unconvinced.
Mary explained to us why she couldn't do that.
Mary explained to us why she didn't want to do that.
Mary explained why she couldn't do that.
Mary explained why she did that.
Mary explained why she did this.
Mary explained why she didn't do that.
Mary explained why she didn't want to do that.
Mary explained why she was late.
Mary explained why she was there.
Mary explained why she wasn't able to do that.
Mary explored the cultural heritage of a remote island.
Mary explored the cultural traditions of a distant country.
Mary explored the traditions of indigenous cultures on her travels.
Mary exposed herself to danger.
Mary expressed her disappointment.
Mary expressed her happiness when her daughter graduated.
Mary expressed herself clearly.
Mary expresses herself badly.
Mary expresses herself very directly, and is not exactly restrained in her choice of words.
Mary expresses herself very well.
Mary extended her little finger, sealing their agreement with a solemn pinky swear.
Mary extended her stay by three days.
Mary extinguished her cigarette.
Mary faced fierce competition at the state spelling bee, but she ultimately carried the day thanks to her rigorous preparation.
Mary faced fierce competition at the state spelling bee, but she ultimately won the day thanks to her rigorous preparation.
Mary facial traits are closer to white knowing her parents are African American.
Mary failed because she didn't study.
Mary failed her French test.
Mary failed to keep her promise.
Mary fainted as soon as she saw the needle.
Mary fainted in Tom's arms.
Mary fainted.
Mary faked her pregnancy.
Mary fanned herself with her notebook.
Mary farted. Tom turned around. "I love explosive performances," said Tom. Mary did not laugh.
Mary fast-forwarded the movie.
Mary fasted.
Mary fastened her seat belt.
Mary fastened her seatbelt.
Mary fastened the locket around her neck.
Mary fatally shot herself.
Mary feared that her lap dog could not be the excuse for all of her emissions, especially when other cohabitants possessed refined senses. Half a cup of pâté with every meal would suffice, she figured, to fool any would-be Sherlock.
Mary fears God.
Mary fed her dog table scraps.
Mary fed her horse.
Mary feeds her dog twice a day.
Mary feeds table scraps to her dog.
Mary feels a deep sense of obligation to care for her elderly kinsfolk.
Mary feels fulfilled when she helps Tom understand something new.
Mary feels misunderstood.
Mary feels she needs to do something.
Mary feels that her boyfriend doesn't understand her.
Mary feels that her husband doesn't pay enough attention to her.
Mary feels that sharing knowledge makes learning more enjoyable.
Mary feels that she's ready to play.
Mary feels underappreciated.
Mary feels very old.
Mary feinted a strike to Tom's face, but then swiftly struck his torso with the tip of her sabre.
Mary fell and broke her arm.
Mary fell and broke her hip.
Mary fell and broke her leg.
Mary fell and hurt her hand.
Mary fell and hurt her knee.
Mary fell and hurt herself.
Mary fell and scraped her knee.
Mary fell asleep halfway through the movie.
Mary fell asleep just as the movie started.
Mary fell asleep while she was watching a movie.
Mary fell asleep while telling the children a bedtime story.
Mary fell asleep while watching a movie.
Mary fell asleep with her clothes on.
Mary fell asleep with her glasses on.
Mary fell down and hurt her knee.
Mary fell down and hurt herself.
Mary fell down the stairs and hurt herself.
Mary fell from her horse.
Mary fell in love with Japan.
Mary fell in love with Tom the first time she met him.
Mary fell in love with Tom the first time she saw him.
Mary fell in love with Tom the moment she met him.
Mary fell in love with Tom, and the whole world turned upside-down.
Mary fell in love with a German officer.
Mary fell in love with a boy from Boston.
Mary fell in love with a handsome Canadian man.
Mary fell in love with a handsome Italian man.
Mary fell in love with a handsome cowboy.
Mary fell in love with a handsome gondolier.
Mary fell in love with a handsome young man.
Mary fell in love with a very wealthy man.
Mary fell in love with her best friend's boyfriend.
Mary fell in love with one of her students.
Mary fell in love with the blond boy.
Mary fell into the depths of despair.
Mary fell mysteriously ill.
Mary fell off her bicycle.
Mary fell off her bike.
Mary fell off her chair.
Mary fell off her horse.
Mary fell off her pony.
Mary felt a cold touch on her shoulder.
Mary felt a hand on her shoulder.
Mary felt a little guilty.
Mary felt a pain in her chest.
Mary felt a pain in her side.
Mary felt a sense of pride.
Mary felt a sinking feeling in her stomach.
Mary felt a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach.
Mary felt a stab of jealousy.
Mary felt a tap on her shoulder.
Mary felt as if a ghost or spirit had touched her back.
Mary felt betrayed and humiliated.
Mary felt better physically after losing fifty pounds, but mentally she felt extremely depressed.
Mary felt confident that she could do that.
Mary felt embarrassed by her mother.
Mary felt excluded.
Mary felt good after a dose of retail therapy.
Mary felt guilty about breaking her diet with several pieces of Tom's birthday cake.
Mary felt guilty about yelling at her daughter.
Mary felt happy when she learned the results of the election.
Mary felt her face grow hot.
Mary felt her heart beating faster.
Mary felt her heart drop a little.
Mary felt her heart rate increase.
Mary felt her knees tremble.
Mary felt her phone vibrate.
Mary felt her phone vibrating.
Mary felt her way in the dark.
Mary felt herself being carried.
Mary felt herself getting hungry.
Mary felt herself growing impatient.
Mary felt light-headed.
Mary felt like Tom was undressing her with his eyes.
Mary felt like everyone was ignoring her.
Mary felt like she could do anything.
Mary felt like she could do it.
Mary felt like she had no choice.
Mary felt like she was being followed.
Mary felt like she was on her own.
Mary felt like she'd been betrayed.
Mary felt queasy.
Mary felt rejected when her boyfriend broke up with her.
Mary felt remorse for what she'd done.
Mary felt safe in crossing the frozen pond because the ice was a metre thick.
Mary felt self-conscious.
Mary felt she could make it in Boston.
Mary felt she couldn't wait any longer.
Mary felt she didn't have a choice.
Mary felt she had to do something.
Mary felt she had to say something.
Mary felt she needed to make amends.
Mary felt she owed Tom an explanation.
Mary felt she was going to die.
Mary felt she'd done her duty.
Mary felt smothered by Tom's constant protestations of love for her.
Mary felt somebody touch her arm.
Mary felt someone touch her arm.
Mary felt someone touch her shoulder.
Mary felt something touch her arm.
Mary felt sorry for Tom.
Mary felt stupid.
Mary felt that she had a lot to offer.
Mary felt that she needed to explain why she was late.
Mary felt that she owed Tom an explanation.
Mary felt that she was destined for bigger things.
Mary felt that she was getting old.
Mary felt that someone is looking at her.
Mary felt the baby move.
Mary felt the bench with her fingers.
Mary felt the cold rain on her face.
Mary felt uncomfortable, so she left.
Mary felt very uneasy about not telling her parents that she was pregnant.
Mary felt vulnerable.
Mary fidgeted in her chair.
Mary fidgeted with her hands nervously.
Mary fights constantly with her parents.
Mary figured if Tom could do that, she could too.
Mary figured it out on her own.
Mary figured she could do that.
Mary figured she couldn't afford it.
Mary figured she'd be able to do that.
Mary figured that she could do that.
Mary figures she's not alone.
Mary figures that she's not alone.
Mary filed a formal complaint.
Mary filed a patent at the patent office.
Mary filed her nails.
Mary filled her bag with walnuts.
Mary filled her basket with flowers.
Mary filled her bucket with sand using a plastic shovel.
Mary filled her bucket with sand.
Mary filled her glass again.
Mary filled her glass and then filled one for Tom.
Mary filled her glass with water.
Mary filled her glass with wine.
Mary filled her plate with food.
Mary filled the jug to the brim.
Mary finally decided she'd help us.
Mary finally did what she agreed to do.
Mary finally found her keys.
Mary finally found her way home.
Mary finally got a driver's license when she was thirty.
Mary finally got her wish.
Mary finally got what she wanted.
Mary finally graduated from college when she was thirty.
Mary finally learned to do that when she was thirty.
Mary finally lost her temper.
Mary finally managed to buy everything she needed.
Mary finally managed to buy what she needed.
Mary finally managed to do what she was trying to do.
Mary finally managed to persuade Tom to help her.
Mary finally mustered up the courage to tell Tom that she loved him.
Mary finally noticed that Tom was staring at her.
Mary finally persuaded Tom with these words.
Mary finally realized that Tom didn't really like her.
Mary finally realized that Tom was never going to ask her to marry him.
Mary finally realized that Tom was never going to propose to her.
Mary finally realized that she shouldn't be doing that.
Mary finally talked Tom into lending her his accordion.
Mary finally talked Tom into selling her his old violin.
Mary finally took off her coat.
Mary finds beauty in quiet moments of reflection.
Mary finds beauty in simple, natural moments.
Mary finds her boyfriend's lewd jokes embarrassing.
Mary finds it hard to get up early. She's a late riser.
Mary finds it hard to get up early; she's a late riser.
Mary finds it hard to live with Tom's moods.
Mary finds it rewarding when Tom appreciates her perspective on a subject.
Mary finds joy in discovering new things alongside Tom.
Mary finds joy in helping Tom solve difficult problems.
Mary finds joy in taking care of her skin.
Mary finds peace in her skincare routine.
Mary finds that Tom’s curiosity pushes her to learn more.
Mary finds that discussing topics with Tom helps solidify her knowledge.
Mary finished applying her lipstick.
Mary finished applying her makeup.
Mary finished collegiate applications today.
Mary finished doing that by herself.
Mary finished her Japanese exercise.
Mary finished her beer.
Mary finished her coffee.
Mary finished her degree.
Mary finished her dessert.
Mary finished her drink.
Mary finished her glass of milk.
Mary finished her homework quickly.
Mary finished her homework.
Mary finished her meal and then left.
Mary finished her meal first.
Mary finished her meal.
Mary finished her salad.
Mary finished her sandwich.
Mary finished her work and went home.
Mary finished packing her suitcase.
Mary finished putting on her makeup.
Mary finished reading the letter and put it in her desk drawer.
Mary finished the bottle of wine by herself.
Mary finished the race.
Mary finished the work by herself.
Mary finished with Tom, not the other way round.
Mary finishes her shift at 2:30.
Mary fired Baya.
Mary fired a warning shot.
Mary fired her agent.
Mary fired her gun.
Mary fired her secretary.
Mary fired me.
Mary first came to Boston when she was three years old.
Mary fished out her phone from her purse.
Mary fixed her car herself.
Mary fixed her hair in front of the mirror.
Mary fixed her hair.
Mary fixed herself a cocktail.
Mary fixed herself a cup of herbal tea.
Mary fixed herself a cup of tea.
Mary fixed it.
Mary fixed the car all by herself.
Mary fixed the car herself.
Mary fixed the flat tire by herself.
Mary flashed her headlights at Tom.
Mary flashed her headlights.
Mary flew off on her broomstick.
Mary flicked her hair back.
Mary flicked her long ponytail over her shoulder.
Mary flipped her hair back.
Mary flirted the whole evening with both Tom and John.
Mary flirted with Tom to make Alice jealous.
Mary flirted with him to make Alice jealous.
Mary flirts with every man she meets.
Mary flosses her teeth every day.
Mary fluctuates between having an exaggerated sense of her own importance and an inferiority complex.
Mary flung her arms around Tom's neck and kissed him.
Mary flung her arms around Tom's neck.
Mary flung her arms around her brother's neck and hugged him.
Mary flung herself into the river.
Mary flung the door open.
Mary flushed red at the compliment.
Mary flutters across the stage like a butterfly.
Mary focused on her work.
Mary folded her T-shirt carefully.
Mary folded her arms across her chest.
Mary folded her arms.
Mary folded her sheets.
Mary folded the clothes and put them into the laundry basket.
Mary folded the letter carefully.
Mary folded up her umbrella.
Mary followed her friend to the hotel because she did not know the area.
Mary followed her friend to the hotel because she didn't know the area well.
Mary followed her friend to the hotel because she didn't know the area.
Mary followed her instincts.
Mary followed me night and day.
Mary followed the bus on her bicycle.
Mary follows fashion.
Mary fooled me.
Mary fooled them all.
Mary forced herself to do that.
Mary forced herself to smile.
Mary forced herself to speak.
Mary forced herself to stay alert.
Mary forced herself to stay focused.
Mary forgave me.
Mary forgave you.
Mary forged her boss's the signature.
Mary forged her father's signature.
Mary forged her mother's signature.
Mary forgot her appointment.
Mary forgot her glasses.
Mary forgot her grocery list.
Mary forgot her own birthday.
Mary forgot her password.
Mary forgot her purse in her car.
Mary forgot her purse in the car.
Mary forgot her son in the car.
Mary forgot her sweater.
Mary forgot her trumpet at school.
Mary forgot her umbrella in Tom's car.
Mary forgot her umbrella in her car.
Mary forgot her umbrella on the bus.
Mary forgot her umbrella.
Mary forgot to ask Tom the question that John had asked her to ask.
Mary forgot to ask Tom what she'd planned to ask him.
Mary forgot to bring her lunch today.
Mary forgot to bring her swimsuit.
Mary forgot to buy what Tom asked her to buy.
Mary forgot to call her mother.
Mary forgot to do her homework.
Mary forgot to do what Tom told her to do.
Mary forgot to do what she was supposed to do.
Mary forgot to feed her dog.
Mary forgot to file her taxes.
Mary forgot to invite Tom to her party.
Mary forgot to lock her car.
Mary forgot to lock her house.
Mary forgot to lock the front door when she left.
Mary forgot to pay her phone bill.
Mary forgot to pay her rent.
Mary forgot to renew her passport.
Mary forgot to renew her visa.
Mary forgot to set her alarm clock.
Mary forgot to sign her name.
Mary forgot to take her umbrella with her.
Mary forgot to tell Tom what she'd planned to tell him.
Mary forgot to tell Tom what time she'd be there.
Mary forgot to tell me where to meet her.
Mary forgot to turn her mic off.
Mary forgot to wash her hands.
Mary forgot where she put her glasses.
Mary fought back her tears.
Mary fought for her life.
Mary found Tom fascinating.
Mary found Tom more exciting than her boyfriend.
Mary found Tom where she expected him to be.
Mary found Tom's attitude hurtful.
Mary found Tom's pee fetish disgusting.
Mary found Tom's umbrella in the trunk of her car.
Mary found Tom.
Mary found a four-leaf clover.
Mary found a good job near her house.
Mary found a hair in her soup.
Mary found a job not too far from where she lives.
Mary found a job that she can do.
Mary found a job that she likes.
Mary found a job.
Mary found a long blonde hair on Tom's jacket.
Mary found a need and she filled it.
Mary found a note inside her locker.
Mary found a peaceful spot to relax by the sea.
Mary found a surprise in her locker.
Mary found an envelope taped to her locker.
Mary found an old safe in her garage.
Mary found an orphaned baby squirrel.
Mary found everything she was looking for.
Mary found her hat and put it on.
Mary found her key under the sofa.
Mary found her new job interesting.
Mary found herself a boyfriend.
Mary found herself a new boyfriend.
Mary found herself a seat near the door.
Mary found herself a seat.
Mary found herself alone again.
Mary found herself in a pickle.
Mary found herself in a tight spot.
Mary found herself, rather unfortunately, concussed.
Mary found him charming.
Mary found it difficult to make herself understood in French.
Mary found it, didn't she?
Mary found one.
Mary found out about Tom's secret relationship.
Mary found out about it on her own.
Mary found out that all of Tom's sentences are hard to translate.
Mary found peace in her garden after exploring different countries.
Mary found several T-shirts she liked.
Mary found that she actually liked working for Tom.
Mary found the game too challenging, so she hoped they would nerf the difficult boss fight.
Mary found the information she was looking for online.
Mary found the key she'd been looking for.
Mary found the key that she thought she'd lost.
Mary found the keys she thought she'd lost.
Mary found the note that Tom had left for her.
Mary found the picture she was looking for.
Mary found the watch she'd lost.
Mary found us.
Mary found what she wanted.
Mary found what she was looking for on the top shelf.
Mary found what she was looking for under the table.
Mary found what she was looking for.
Mary fractured her wrist.
Mary frantically tried to reach Tom by phone, but he didn't answer.
Mary freaked out when she heard what Tom had done.
Mary frequently does that by herself.
Mary frequently does that when she's scared.
Mary frequently has lucid dreams.
Mary frequently talks in her sleep.
Mary fried herself some eggs.
Mary from Maryland is merrily married to Tom.
Mary frowned to herself.
Mary frowned, but said nothing.
Mary froze in a stupor.
Mary froze in panic.
Mary froze like a deer in headlights.
Mary froze, afraid to move.
Mary furiously stomped her foot.
Mary gambled away everything she had.
Mary gasped in horror.
Mary gasped when she saw the ring.
Mary gathered flowers in the meadow.
Mary gathered her composure.
Mary gathered her kids around her.
Mary gathered her stuff and left.
Mary gathered some medicinal plants in the forest.
Mary gathered up her long dress.
Mary gathered wildflowers in the meadow.
Mary gave $300 to each of her sons.
Mary gave Alice a sideways glance.
Mary gave Alice the cold shoulder.
Mary gave John a hard time for not keeping an eye on the kids.
Mary gave Tom a big hug and a kiss.
Mary gave Tom a big hug.
Mary gave Tom a box of chocolates laced with poison.
Mary gave Tom a funny look after he massaged her feet with oil from a sardine can.
Mary gave Tom a hug.
Mary gave Tom a kiss on the cheek and sent him off to school.
Mary gave Tom a kiss on the cheek.
Mary gave Tom a knowing look.
Mary gave Tom a picture that she'd painted.
Mary gave Tom a pipe for his birthday.
Mary gave Tom a quick kiss on the cheek.
Mary gave Tom a resounding slap round the face and, ever since, it has been over between them.
Mary gave Tom a shovel for his birthday.
Mary gave Tom a stern look.
Mary gave Tom a sweet kiss on the cheek.
Mary gave Tom all her money.
Mary gave Tom all of her money.
Mary gave Tom all the money she had on her.
Mary gave Tom all the money she had.
Mary gave Tom back the ring he'd given her.
Mary gave Tom directions to her house.
Mary gave Tom exactly what he told her he needed.
Mary gave Tom her address.
Mary gave Tom her hand to kiss.
Mary gave Tom her home address.
Mary gave Tom her jacket and he hung it up.
Mary gave Tom her notebook.
Mary gave Tom her number.
Mary gave Tom her old camera.
Mary gave Tom her permission to do that.
Mary gave Tom her phone number.
Mary gave Tom her telephone number.
Mary gave Tom moral support.
Mary gave Tom one of her guitars.
Mary gave Tom one of the books that John had given her.
Mary gave Tom permission to drive her car.
Mary gave Tom the book she was holding.
Mary gave Tom the first piece of cake.
Mary gave Tom the key to her house.
Mary gave Tom the note I'd given her to give him.
Mary gave Tom the sword.
Mary gave a bone to her dog.
Mary gave a drum set to her son.
Mary gave a picture that she'd painted to Tom.
Mary gave all her money to Tom.
Mary gave all the dresses she'd outgrown to her younger sister.
Mary gave all the dresses that she'd outgrown to her younger sister.
Mary gave away all her dolls.
Mary gave away all her money.
Mary gave away all of her belongings.
Mary gave away everything she owned.
Mary gave away most of her money before she died.
Mary gave back the ring Tom had given her.
Mary gave birth en route to hospital.
Mary gave birth en route to the hospital.
Mary gave birth on the way to hospital.
Mary gave birth to a beautiful baby girl.
Mary gave birth to a boy she named Tom.
Mary gave birth to a boy.
Mary gave birth to a daughter.
Mary gave birth to a healthy baby boy.
Mary gave birth to a healthy baby girl.
Mary gave birth to a son.
Mary gave birth to another daughter.
Mary gave birth to her first baby on January 1st.
Mary gave birth to triplets.
Mary gave birth to twins.
Mary gave each child two apples.
Mary gave each kid two apples.
Mary gave each of her children three hundred dollars.
Mary gave each of her kids a hug.
Mary gave each of her sons $300.
Mary gave everything she had.
Mary gave half her money to charity.
Mary gave her cat a kiss.
Mary gave her cat a little kiss.
Mary gave her cat some milk.
Mary gave her cat to Tom.
Mary gave her dog a bath.
Mary gave her dog a bone.
Mary gave her dog a hug.
Mary gave her dog a piece of meat.
Mary gave her dog something to eat.
Mary gave her friend a small wave.
Mary gave her friend a small wave. She waved back.
Mary gave her horse a sugar cube.
Mary gave her horse some oats.
Mary gave her old camera to Tom.
Mary gave her old car to me.
Mary gave her seat to an old man.
Mary gave her seat to the old woman.
Mary gave her son a drum set.
Mary gave her sunglasses to Tom.
Mary gave her teachers a hard time.
Mary gave her the cold shoulder.
Mary gave him a big hug.
Mary gave him a little kiss on the cheek.
Mary gave him a reproaching look.
Mary gave him a skeptical look.
Mary gave him ten dollars.
Mary gave him ten euros.
Mary gave it a try.
Mary gave it everything she had.
Mary gave it to me before she died.
Mary gave me a big hug and a kiss on the cheek.
Mary gave me a friendly nod.
Mary gave me a good tip.
Mary gave me a kiss on the cheek.
Mary gave me a manicure.
Mary gave me a notebook full of her favorite recipes.
Mary gave me a tour of her house.
Mary gave me all her money.
Mary gave me all the money she had on her.
Mary gave me an American doll.
Mary gave me everything she had.
Mary gave me exactly what I told her I needed.
Mary gave me her address.
Mary gave me her card.
Mary gave me her key.
Mary gave me her notebook full of her favorite recipes.
Mary gave me her notebook with all her favorite recipes.
Mary gave me her old car.
Mary gave me her old one.
Mary gave me her phone number and told me to call her.
Mary gave me her phone number.
Mary gave me her word.
Mary gave me prasad.
Mary gave me prasada.
Mary gave me prasadam.
Mary gave me some good advice.
Mary gave me the ax last night.
Mary gave me three reasons why she couldn't help.
Mary gave no reason for her decision.
Mary gave some oats to her horse.
Mary gave the children an Advent calendar to help them count the days until Christmas.
Mary gave the girl warm milk.
Mary gave the impression of not having noticed that Tom was only pretending to be asleep.
Mary gave the robbers all the money she had.
Mary gave the same answer she always does.
Mary gave the stray cats some warm water.
Mary gave this to me before she died.
Mary gave up with only metres to go.
Mary gave up.
Mary gave us all the money she had on her.
Mary gave us everything she had.
Mary gave utterance to her outrage and turned away from Tom, offended.
Mary gazed at George in admiration.
Mary gazed at her reflection in the glass.
Mary gazed at her reflection in the mirror.
Mary gently placed her hand on his shoulder.
Mary gently punched Tom's arm.
Mary gestured for Tom to follow her.
Mary gestured grandly at the marble staircase.
Mary gestured vaguely with her hand.
Mary gets a hundred euros pocket money from her dad every week.
Mary gets all her jewelry from warehouse stores.
Mary gets along well with her stepfather.
Mary gets along with her in-laws.
Mary gets anything she wants.
Mary gets bored easily.
Mary gets distracted easily.
Mary gets frustrated when her colleagues do not recycle.
Mary gets her beauty from her mother.
Mary gets mad when she thinks her parents are judging her.
Mary gets mean when she's drunk.
Mary gets nervous when Tom drives too fast.
Mary gets overemotional, doesn't she?
Mary gets prettier every day.
Mary gets prettier every time I see her.
Mary gets shoes at the store.
Mary gets to do anything she wants to do.
Mary gets to do whatever she wants to.
Mary gets to do whatever she wants.
Mary gets up at 7 in the morning.
Mary gets up before her parents do.
Mary gets upset when Tom doesn't do what she tells him to do.
Mary gets upset when Tom leaves his dirty clothes on the floor.
Mary gets €100 pocket money from her dad every week.
Mary giggled and blushed.
Mary giggled nervously.
Mary giggled.
Mary gingerly lifted the creature out of the box and placed it on the floor.
Mary gives Tom a back rub every evening.
Mary gives her kids an allowance.
Mary gives it to Tom.
Mary gives language tuition to pupils from all over the world.
Mary gives me the tip whenever she sees me.
Mary gives piano lessons to children.
Mary gives private tuition in English, so that she can finance her studies.
Mary glanced at her emails.
Mary glanced at her watch.
Mary glanced down at her feet.
Mary glanced in her rearview mirror.
Mary glanced over her shoulder.
Mary glanced to her left.
Mary glomped Alice.
Mary goaded Tom to do it.
Mary goes by doggy years.
Mary goes everywhere by herself.
Mary goes out almost every night.
Mary goes swimming whenever she can.
Mary goes there whenever she has a chance.
Mary goes to Hiroshima three times a month.
Mary goes to an international school.
Mary goes to riding school every week to learn how to ride.
Mary goes to school with my daughter.
Mary goes to school with my son.
Mary goes to school, doesn't she?
Mary goes to spin class every day after work.
Mary goes to that restaurant for lunch every other day.
Mary goes to the market, no matter if Tom goes to the market.
Mary goes to the spa each week.
Mary goes to the store.
Mary goes to the supermarket.
Mary goes to work every morning.
Mary googled herself.
Mary got Tom every which way and then some.
Mary got Tom to accept her help.
Mary got Tom to carry her suitcase.
Mary got Tom to do that for her.
Mary got Tom to drive her home.
Mary got Tom to help her paint the fence.
Mary got Tom to help her with her homework.
Mary got Tom to help her.
Mary got Tom to lend her some money.
Mary got Tom to polish her shoes.
Mary got Tom to sit next to her.
Mary got Tom's goat.
Mary got Tom.
Mary got a D on her test.
Mary got a Guinea pig for Christmas.
Mary got a bikini wax.
Mary got a box of cereal out of the cupboard and poured herself a bowlful.
Mary got a cavity because she never brushes her teeth.
Mary got a loan from the savings and loan association.
Mary got a manicure.
Mary got a nose job.
Mary got a pedicure.
Mary got a raise.
Mary got a really deep cut in the palm of her hand when opening a can of sardines.
Mary got a really deep cut in the palm of her hand while she was opening a can of sardines.
Mary got a restraining order against Tom.
Mary got a trachea shave.
Mary got a tracheal shave.
Mary got a very low score on her French test.
Mary got abducted by aliens.
Mary got ahead of herself.
Mary got all dressed up for the party.
Mary got almost everything she asked for.
Mary got almost everything she needed.
Mary got almost everything she wanted.
Mary got amnesia and thought she was a teenager again.
Mary got an A on her spelling test.
Mary got angry when I told her about what had happened.
Mary got angry when I told her that.
Mary got angry when she found the door locked.
Mary got angry when she saw Tom kissing Alice.
Mary got angry with me.
Mary got back home sooner than I thought she would.
Mary got back in her car.
Mary got back into her car.
Mary got back on her motorcycle.
Mary got caught.
Mary got changed.
Mary got cross with me.
Mary got custody of her son.
Mary got down on her knees and hugged the little boy.
Mary got down on her knees.
Mary got dressed.
Mary got drunk with her friends.
Mary got everything she asked for.
Mary got everything she needed.
Mary got everything she wanted for Christmas.
Mary got everything she wanted.
Mary got exactly what she asked for.
Mary got exactly what she deserved.
Mary got exactly what she said she wanted.
Mary got exactly what she wanted.
Mary got exactly what she wished for.
Mary got excited when she heard that.
Mary got extraordinary grades.
Mary got facial piercings.
Mary got fat.
Mary got fed up with the random encounters in the game.
Mary got fired from her job.
Mary got fired on her first day.
Mary got fired.
Mary got first prize, didn't she?
Mary got flowers from her son.
Mary got her Master's in horticulture.
Mary got her belly button pierced.
Mary got her boyfriend's name tattooed on her arm.
Mary got her car fixed.
Mary got her ears pierced.
Mary got her eyes tested.
Mary got her feelings hurt.
Mary got her first Botox injection at a Botox party.
Mary got her first chance to do that this morning.
Mary got her hair done this afternoon.
Mary got her hair done this morning.
Mary got her hair fixed.
Mary got her hearing tested.
Mary got her nails done.
Mary got her nose pierced.
Mary got her notebook out.
Mary got her painting framed.
Mary got her phone out of her handbag.
Mary got her phone out of her purse.
Mary got her revenge.
Mary got her teeth whitened.
Mary got her tongue pierced.
Mary got her watch fixed.
Mary got her way.
Mary got her wish.
Mary got herself a drink.
Mary got herself another beer.
Mary got herself organized.
Mary got home all by herself.
Mary got home by herself.
Mary got hurt when she fell down.
Mary got in her car and drove away.
Mary got in her car and drove off.
Mary got in her car and left.
Mary got in her car and started it.
Mary got in her car and went home.
Mary got in her car.
Mary got in trouble, didn't she?
Mary got into her car and drove away.
Mary got into her car and drove off.
Mary got into her car.
Mary got it wrong, didn't she?
Mary got locked out of her dormitory.
Mary got lost on her way here.
Mary got lost on her way to Tom's house.
Mary got mad at me for not listening to her.
Mary got mad at me.
Mary got married and took the surname of her husband.
Mary got married to a German.
Mary got married when she was 30 years old.
Mary got married when she was thirty years old.
Mary got married when she was thirty.
Mary got married, but she didn't take her husband's name.
Mary got married, didn't she?
Mary got married.
Mary got more than she expected.
Mary got more than she needed.
Mary got most of the things she asked for.
Mary got off her bicycle.
Mary got off her bike.
Mary got off her horse.
Mary got off her stool.
Mary got off of her motorcycle.
Mary got off the bus and waited for Tom to come and pick her up.
Mary got on her bicycle.
Mary got on her bike and left.
Mary got on her bike and rode away.
Mary got on her horse.
Mary got on her knees.
Mary got out of her car.
Mary got out of the bathtub and dried herself off.
Mary got out of the bathtub and dried herself with the new towel that Tom had given her.
Mary got out of the shower and dried herself with a towel.
Mary got out of the swimming pool and dried herself with a towel.
Mary got out of the water and dried herself off.
Mary got paid more than she expected.
Mary got pregnant at age fourteen.
Mary got rather aggressive when she found out that her favorite team lost.
Mary got really emotional.
Mary got rid of her old bicycle.
Mary got rid of her old books.
Mary got rid of her old car.
Mary got rid of her old computer.
Mary got scared of Sami's anaconda as she saw it.
Mary got shampoo in her eyes.
Mary got sick because she ate too much.
Mary got soap in her eyes.
Mary got some money from Tom and went to the supermarket to buy what he wanted her to buy.
Mary got some money from her father.
Mary got some paint on her shoes.
Mary got some shampoo in her eyes.
Mary got something in her eye.
Mary got the answer she was hoping for.
Mary got the job she wanted.
Mary got the lead role.
Mary got the nod from among some 500 applicants.
Mary got the part.
Mary got the punishment she deserved.
Mary got the true ending in her very first playthrough.
Mary got the wrong bus.
Mary got tired of her husband's nagging.
Mary got tired of waiting for Tom, so she went into the museum without him.
Mary got tired of waiting for Tom, so she went on home.
Mary got tired of waiting, so she left.
Mary got to her feet.
Mary got to know her boyfriend in Paris.
Mary got to the station just in time for her train.
Mary got to the station too late, so she missed the train.
Mary got to where she couldn't do that anymore.
Mary got top grades in all her classes.
Mary got up early so she could see the sunrise.
Mary got up early to make pancakes.
Mary got up from her chair.
Mary got up from her desk.
Mary got up from her seat.
Mary got up from her stool.
Mary got up to put on her jacket.
Mary got what she came for.
Mary got what she deserved in the end.
Mary got what she deserved.
Mary got what she needed.
Mary got what she wanted.
Mary got wiser as she grew older.
Mary got yelled at by her boss.
Mary got you in trouble, didn't she?
Mary grabbed Tom by the scruff of his neck.
Mary grabbed her backpack and left.
Mary grabbed her backpack.
Mary grabbed her bag and left.
Mary grabbed her bag.
Mary grabbed her coat and left.
Mary grabbed her coat.
Mary grabbed her handbag and left.
Mary grabbed her keys.
Mary grabbed her purse and headed for the door.
Mary grabbed her purse and left.
Mary grabbed her purse.
Mary grabbed my hand and dragged me away.
Mary graduated at the top of her class.
Mary graduated first in her class.
Mary graduated from college at the top of her class.
Mary graduated third in her class.
Mary greeted her guests at the door.
Mary greeted her guests.
Mary grew up in a conservative family.
Mary grew up in a house full of books.
Mary grew up in a rich family.
Mary grew up in a small village.
Mary grew up in poverty.
Mary grew up in straitened circumstances.
Mary grew up surrounded by books.
Mary grinds her teeth in her sleep.
Mary grinned at him.
Mary grinned when she saw Tom.
Mary gritted her teeth.
Mary groaned at another of Tom's dad jokes.
Mary groaned in her sleep.
Mary groomed her horse.
Mary ground the wheat.
Mary grows her own vegetables.
Mary grows vegetables in her garden.
Mary guarantees it.
Mary gulped down a tall glass of orange juice.
Mary had Tom correct her essay.
Mary had Tom do that for her.
Mary had Tom make her a sandwich.
Mary had Tom on speed dial.
Mary had Tom wrapped around her little finger.
Mary had a baby last night.
Mary had a baby.
Mary had a bad dream.
Mary had a bag under her arm.
Mary had a bandage on her forehead.
Mary had a bandage on her left hand.
Mary had a baseball bat in her hands.
Mary had a big fight with her mother.
Mary had a big grin on her face.
Mary had a big smile on her face.
Mary had a black scarf around her neck.
Mary had a book under her arm.
Mary had a boy.
Mary had a brilliant idea.
Mary had a bruise on her arm.
Mary had a caesarean section.
Mary had a cold, so she stayed in bed.
Mary had a complete meltdown.
Mary had a confused look on her face.
Mary had a contraction.
Mary had a copy made of her car key.
Mary had a copy of her car key made.
Mary had a cramp in her leg.
Mary had a crush on Tom when she was a teenager.
Mary had a crush on Tom when she was in high school.
Mary had a crush on Tom when she was in junior high school.
Mary had a dance with him at the party.
Mary had a daughter.
Mary had a desire for what she saw online.
Mary had a difficult day at work.
Mary had a difficult relationship with her father.
Mary had a difficult relationship with her mother.
Mary had a dream that she won the lottery.
Mary had a drink in her hand.
Mary had a face-lift.
Mary had a fairly good job until she got laid off.
Mary had a few friends over for lunch and they spent most of the time griping about their husbands.
Mary had a fight with her boyfriend.
Mary had a fit of laughter when she saw Tom's ancient telephone.
Mary had a flower in her hair.
Mary had a flu.
Mary had a funny look on her face.
Mary had a girls' night out.
Mary had a glass in either hand.
Mary had a go at Tom for spending too much time watching sport on TV.
Mary had a good meal.
Mary had a good reason for doing what she did.
Mary had a good time when she was in Boston.
Mary had a good time.
Mary had a hard time making herself understood in French.
Mary had a headache last night.
Mary had a headache so she took a couple of aspirin.
Mary had a huge smile on her face.
Mary had a kip after lunch.
Mary had a knife, didn't she?
Mary had a ladle in her right hand.
Mary had a little lamb whose fleece was white as snow.
Mary had a little lamb, while Tom had a lot.
Mary had a little lamb, whose fleece was white as snow.
Mary had a little lamb.
Mary had a little silver cross on a necklace.
Mary had a long and happy life.
Mary had a look of hope on her face.
Mary had a lot of free time on her hands.
Mary had a lot of friends and was very talented.
Mary had a lot of things she had to do.
Mary had a lot of things she needed to buy.
Mary had a lot of things she needed to do.
Mary had a lot of things she wanted to buy.
Mary had a lot of things she wanted to do.
Mary had a lot on her mind.
Mary had a mammogram.
Mary had a meltdown.
Mary had a moral dilemma: should she tell the police that the man in the CCTV footage of the hold-up, looked like Tom?
Mary had a nap after lunch.
Mary had a nose operation.
Mary had a pack on her back.
Mary had a package under her arm.
Mary had a paintbrush in her hand.
Mary had a panic attack.
Mary had a party at her place Monday evening.
Mary had a pen in her hand.
Mary had a pert nose and deep blue eyes.
Mary had a problem with her car.
Mary had a puzzled look on her face.
Mary had a rhinoplasty.
Mary had a rich uncle who left her a lot of money.
Mary had a right to defend herself.
Mary had a ring of chocolate around her mouth.
Mary had a ring on every finger of her left hand.
Mary had a rose in her hair.
Mary had a rule not to kiss on the first three dates, but this rule went out the window when she met Tom.
Mary had a run-in with her boss.
Mary had a scared look on her face.
Mary had a secret she was hiding.
Mary had a senior moment and lost her keys in her house.
Mary had a sheltered upbringing.
Mary had a silly look on her face.
Mary had a sleep after lunch.
Mary had a slight smile on her face.
Mary had a small box in her hand.
Mary had a smirk on her face.
Mary had a smug look on her face.
Mary had a sneaking suspicion that Kate had met up with Tom after the party.
Mary had a snooze after lunch.
Mary had a splinter in her finger, so she asked Tom to help her get it out.
Mary had a strange look on her face.
Mary had a stroke.
Mary had a stunned look on her face.
Mary had a stupid grin on her face.
Mary had a sunburn on her nose.
Mary had a tiff with her boyfriend.
Mary had a towel wrapped around her head and another wrapped around her body.
Mary had a towel wrapped around her head.
Mary had a traumatic experience.
Mary had a vision.
Mary had a worried look on her face.
Mary had always wanted a big family.
Mary had always wanted to be a nurse.
Mary had an abortion before she had Tom.
Mary had an air of mystery about her.
Mary had an annoyed look on her face.
Mary had an argument with her boyfriend.
Mary had an argument with her brother.
Mary had an argument with her sister.
Mary had an awful dream.
Mary had an out-of body experience while meditating.
Mary had an ultrasound to find out the sex of her and Tom's unborn baby.
Mary had bare shoulders.
Mary had become so frail and gaunt that it seemed she already had one foot in the grave.
Mary had been knitting for an hour when I called.
Mary had been waiting till her child fell asleep.
Mary had better do what she's been told to do.
Mary had better do what we told her to do.
Mary had better hurry if she wants to get home before dark.
Mary had better hurry or she'll be late.
Mary had blisters on her hands.
Mary had breakfast all by herself.
Mary had breakfast.
Mary had bruises all over her body.
Mary had burns all over her body.
Mary had changed over the summer.
Mary had changed so much that I didn't even recognize her.
Mary had curlers in her hair.
Mary had dark circles under her eyes.
Mary had difficulty convincing Tom to help her.
Mary had dinner by herself.
Mary had dinner with her parents.
Mary had enough money to buy everything she had to buy.
Mary had enough money to buy everything she needed to buy.
Mary had enough money to buy everything she needed.
Mary had enough money to buy everything she wanted to buy.
Mary had enough money to buy everything she wanted.
Mary had enough money to buy what she had to buy.
Mary had enough money to buy what she needed to buy.
Mary had enough money to buy what she needed.
Mary had enough money to buy what she wanted to buy.
Mary had enough money to buy what she wanted.
Mary had enough sense to not go out by herself after dark.
Mary had enough time to do what she had to do.
Mary had enough time to do what she needed to do.
Mary had enough time to do what she wanted to do.
Mary had every reason to be satisfied.
Mary had everything a girl could ever want.
Mary had everything going for her.
Mary had everything she wanted.
Mary had finally found Mr. Right.
Mary had flowers in her hair.
Mary had found her very own Prince Charming.
Mary had fun.
Mary had gone to the police of her own volition.
Mary had her T-shirt on inside out.
Mary had her appendix removed.
Mary had her camera stolen.
Mary had her car stolen last month.
Mary had her chauffeur drive Tom to the airport.
Mary had her chauffeur drive her to the theater.
Mary had her eyes checked last week.
Mary had her first child in 2013.
Mary had her first child when she was still a teenager.
Mary had her fortune told.
Mary had her hair cut short.
Mary had her hair cut yesterday.
Mary had her hair dyed black.
Mary had her handbag stolen.
Mary had her hands cuffed behind her.
Mary had her house painted white.
Mary had her kids paint the garage.
Mary had her left leg amputated.
Mary had her leg bandaged by Tom.
Mary had her palm read by a woman at the Renaissance festival.
Mary had her palm read.
Mary had her piano tuned.
Mary had her picture taken with Tom.
