Now in its fifth year, the Pavilion is a warm, lush enclosure filled with beautiful flowering plants, in which visitors interact with hundreds of live butterflies, representing species from around the world.
Now in this island of Atlantis there was a great and wonderful empire which had rule over the whole island and several others, and over parts of the continent and, furthermore, the men of Atlantis had subjected the parts of Libya within the columns of Heracles as far as Egypt, and of Europe as far as Tyrrhenia.
Now installing game data. Do not turn the system off.
Now introduce yourself using these sentences!
Now introduce yourself with these sentences!
Now is a bad time to do that.
Now is a good time to buy that.
Now is a good time to buy those.
Now is a good time to do that.
Now is a great time to buy a house.
Now is a great time to buy one of those.
Now is as good a time as any.
Now is my chance.
Now is not a very good time.
Now is not the time for explanations.
Now is not the time for half measures: it's all or nothing!
Now is not the time for shenanigans.
Now is not the time to agitate the hornet's nest.
Now is not the time to argue about that.
Now is not the time to do that.
Now is not the time to exercise wit.
Now is not the time to panic.
Now is not the time to sort things out.
Now is not the time to think about this.
Now is not the time.
Now is our chance to do that.
Now is our chance to run.
Now is our only chance.
Now is really not a good time.
Now is really not the time.
Now is the appropriate time.
Now is the best time to do this.
Now is the best time.
Now is the moment, now or never!
Now is the most critical time.
Now is the most crucial time.
Now is the most important time.
Now is the perfect time to do that.
Now is the perfect time.
Now is the right time.
Now is the time I got to speak out.
Now is the time for Esperanto, because communication has become vastly more important in the world.
Now is the time for action.
Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country.
Now is the time for all great men to come to the aid of their country.
Now is the time for change.
Now is the time for courage.
Now is the time for negotiation.
Now is the time for revenge.
Now is the time for truth.
Now is the time to act.
Now is the time to act. It is never too late to turn things around.
Now is the time to act. Now is the time to say: "Yes, we can."
Now is the time to begin.
Now is the time to buy.
Now is the time to carry out our plan.
Now is the time to choose.
Now is the time to clinch the deal.
Now is the time to do that.
Now is the time to drink.
Now is the time to embrace our nation's multiculturalism and seize the opportunity to appeal to new and growing demographics.
Now is the time to fix this.
Now is the time to get the hell out of here.
Now is the time to join together, through constant cooperation, strong institutions, shared sacrifice, and a global commitment to progress, to meet the challenges of the 21st century.
Now is the time to leave.
Now is the time to listen.
Now is the time to start doing that.
Now is the time to start the work to build world peace without atomic weapons.
Now is the time to start.
Now is the time when I need him most.
Now is the time when we must work together.
Now is the time when we need him most.
Now is the time.
Now is the winter of our discontent.
Now is the wrong time.
Now is tourist season.
Now is when you have to make up your mind.
Now is your chance.
Now is your time.
Now isn't a good time to buy a new car.
Now isn't a good time to do that.
Now isn't a very good time.
Now isn't the time for explanations.
Now isn't the time to argue about that.
Now isn't the time to be showing off.
Now isn't the time to do that.
Now isn't the time to do this.
Now isn't the time to get squeamish.
Now isn't the time to panic.
Now isn't the time to start doing that.
Now isn't the time to start worrying.
Now isn't the time to talk about that.
Now isn't the time.
Now it all makes sense!
Now it catches the gleam of the morning’s first beam, in fully glory reflected, now shines on the stream: ‘this the star-spangled banner: oh, long may it wave o’er the land of the free and the home of the brave.
Now it doesn't matter.
Now it fell out also that he told his brethren a dream, that he had dreamed: which occasioned them to hate him the more.
Now it gets complicated.
Now it happened on a certain day, that Joseph went into the house, and was doing some business, without any man with him: And she catching the skirt of his garment, said: Lie with me. But he leaving the garment in her hand, fled, and went out.
Now it happened that the prince of that country was hunting with his dogs in the forest.
Now it is half past three, but we booked a place at the restaurant at eight o'clock.
Now it is his turn.
Now it is my turn to speak.
Now it is official.
Now it is the time to strike while the iron is hot.
Now it is true that I believe this country is following a dangerous trend when it permits too great a degree of centralization of governmental functions. I oppose this â€” in some instances the fight is a rather desperate one. But to attain any success it is quite clear that the Federal government cannot avoid or escape responsibilities which the mass of the people firmly believe should be undertaken by it. The political processes of our country are such that if a rule of reason is not applied in this effort, we will lose everything â€” even to a possible and drastic change in the Constitution. This is what I mean by my constant insistence upon "moderation" in government.
Now it is true that I believe this country is following a dangerous trend when it permits too great a degree of centralization of governmental functions. I oppose this — in some instances the fight is a rather desperate one. But to attain any success it is quite clear that the Federal government cannot avoid or escape responsibilities which the mass of the people firmly believe should be undertaken by it. The political processes of our country are such that if a rule of reason is not applied in this effort, we will lose everything — even to a possible and drastic change in the Constitution. This is what I mean by my constant insistence upon "moderation" in government.
Now it is your turn to walk the dog.
Now it isn't the time to argue about that.
Now it makes sense to me.
Now it rises, now it sinks.
Now it was all over.
Now it was just Britain alone against Hitler and his allies.
Now it was my turn to be surprised.
Now it would be better to keep a sharp lookout for what he might do.
Now it's Peter's turn.
Now it's Tom's turn.
Now it's Yanni's turn.
Now it's a matter of life and death.
Now it's about what we do next.
Now it's all clear to me!
Now it's all clear to me.
Now it's all gone to shit.
Now it's another thing.
Now it's clear that it was Tom who did it.
Now it's clear that you can decide whether or not to opt into following the rules.
Now it's clouded over.
Now it's completely different.
Now it's four days to Saturday.
Now it's full of dye.
Now it's getting better!
Now it's getting complicated.
Now it's getting serious!
Now it's getting serious.
Now it's gone.
Now it's hard to get a good advice: where should I go?
Now it's her turn.
Now it's here.
Now it's his turn.
Now it's illegal to discriminate.
Now it's just a matter of time.
Now it's more difficult.
Now it's my brother's turn.
Now it's my turn to ask a question.
Now it's my turn to ask questions.
Now it's my turn to speak.
Now it's my turn.
Now it's neck or nothing!
Now it's no longer possible to do anything against that.
Now it's official.
Now it's only a matter of time.
Now it's our turn to do that.
Now it's our turn.
Now it's over.
Now it's perfect.
Now it's personal.
Now it's pitch black.
Now it's possible to find Trotsky's works in any bookstore.
Now it's possible to learn Japanese and Korean on Duolingo.
Now it's really time to go to sleep.
Now it's serious.
Now it's the real thing.
Now it's the watermelon season.
Now it's there.
Now it's time for me to discuss a couple of rules with you all.
Now it's time for me to discuss a few rules with you.
Now it's time for some serious soul-searching.
Now it's time for the weather forecast.
Now it's time for you to change your habits.
Now it's time for you to go.
Now it's time to board the ship.
Now it's time to do some serious soul-searching.
Now it's time to eat.
Now it's time to embark.
Now it's time to get on the ship.
Now it's time to get out of here.
Now it's time to get to work.
Now it's time to go to work.
Now it's time to leave.
Now it's time to make amends.
Now it's time to move on.
Now it's time to pack things up.
Now it's time to say good night.
Now it's time to start studying.
Now it's time to start using Berber.
Now it's time. Secretly negotiate what you need to set up organizations and send me a few valuable people as delegates.
Now it's too late.
Now it's too late. The train has already left.
Now it's up to me.
Now it's up to us.
Now it's up to you!
Now it's up to you.
Now it's your choice.
Now it's your problem.
Now it's your serve.
Now it's your turn to drive.
Now it's your turn to play.
Now it's your turn to say something.
Now it's your turn!
Now it's your turn.
Now it’s time for you to go.
Now it’s time to say good night.
Now it’s your serve.
Now just a minute there. I hope you're not trying to tell me you're not going to pay the money back.
Now just a minute there. I hope you’re not trying to tell me you’re not going to pay the money back.
Now just do it.
Now just hold on a minute.
Now just lie still.
Now just listen to me, OK?
Now just listen.
Now just relax.
Now just stay put.
Now just tell me what I need to do.
Now just to write my blog and sleep.
Now just what do you want to know.
Now keep calm.
Now kiss!
Now lean back, and listen attentively to whatever I may care to say to you. If any remark should occur to you, you can reserve it for some more opportune time.
Now leave Tom to himself.
Now leave it to me, Tom.
Now leave me.
Now leave us.
Now less than ever!
Now let go.
Now let me entertain you with music.
Now let me look at that.
Now let me tell you something.
Now let me think.
Now let us get down to a serious talk.
Now let us talk about serious matters!
Now let's all agree to never be creative again.
Now let's be clear about this.
Now let's begin the game.
Now let's begin.
Now let's celebrate.
Now let's do what we came here to do.
Now let's figure out what needs to be done.
Now let's figure out what to do.
Now let's get down to business.
Now let's get down to work.
Now let's get some sleep.
Now let's get started.
Now let's get to work.
Now let's go home.
Now let's go.
Now let's have a big portion of spaghetti and a cup of tea, my dear lords and ladies.
Now let's have a little music.
Now let's hurry to school.
Now let's look at them one by one.
Now let's move on.
Now let's not be greedy.
Now let's not get carried away.
Now let's return to the main problem of education.
Now let's see if you've learned anything.
Now let's see what happens.
Now let's see what you can do!
Now let's talk about all this.
Now let's talk about what I want.
Now let's talk about what to do next.
Now let's talk about what we're going to do during the new semester.
Now let's talk it up.
Now let's talk.
Now let's try to change this sentence.
Now let’s begin the game.
Now let’s get down to work.
Now let’s hurry to school.
Now let’s return to the main problem of education.
Now let’s talk it up.
Now lie down.
Now lie still.
Now listen carefully.
Now listen here.
Now listen really carefully.
Now listen to me closely.
Now listen to me, children. You must be civil and kind to everyone, and never say a cross word to anyone, and never touch a crumb belonging to anyone else.
Now listen to me.
Now listen up well, these might well be my last words.
Now listen up.
Now listen up. I'm only going to say this once.
Now listen, and do exactly as I say.
Now listen, children.
Now listen, sir. You won't find a better price. This I promise you!
Now look at that.
Now look at this.
Now look here! I will give you such a piece of my mind!
Now look here! I will teach you a lesson!
Now look here, we've risked life and limb for you. At least you can show a little appreciation.
Now look here, we’ve risked life and limb for you. At least you can show a little appreciation.
Now look here.
Now look what I've done.
Now look what happened.
Now look what you did.
Now look what you did. You made Tom cry.
Now look what you done.
Now look what you've done.
Now look what you've started.
Now make good!
Now means now.
Now might be a good time to retire.
Now more than ever!
Now mother, what’s the matter?
Now move along.
Now move on.
Now move over.
Now musicians include issues such as human rights and environmental pollution.
Now my broken English has cost me that job.
Now my brother and I are doing our Russian homework.
Now my daughter fears me.
Now my daughter is afraid of me.
Now my dream is but an extinguished star.
Now my friends are upset.
Now my income is twice what it was two years ago.
Now my life will be better!
Now my mind began to waver, whether I should return to business which I had given up, or pursue religion which was fleeing from me. In the meanwhile it came to my mind that they might be brought together.
Now my mind began to waver, whether I should return to merchandise which I had given over, or pursue religion flying from me. In the mean time it comes into my mind that they might be joined together.
Now my task is to wait.
Now new and old acquaintances drink coffee in a cafe.
Now no one wants to take responsibility.
Now no one wants to take the blame.
Now no piece can save your king.
Now notebook computers are as common as lunch boxes.
Now off with you to school!
Now only you are able to save her.
Now only you can save her.
Now open your fortune cookie.
Now or never.
Now our situation is worse.
Now our village needs a mosque.
Now over Ida shone the day-star bright; / Greeks swarmed at every entrance; help at hand / seemed none. I yield, and, hurrying from the fight, / take up my helpless sire, and climb the mountain height.
Now pay attention, children.
Now pay attention.
Now people hate you even more.
Now please hurry.
Now please leave.
Now please summarize the main points in your notebook.
Now please, go.
Now practice giving your entire presentation without notes, using just your slides to jog your memory.
Now pull yourself together.
Now put your hands in your pockets.
Now rabbit skins were being bought, and young men and even older men hunted rabbits and, after killing them, took the skins and threw away the meat.
Now read the psalm.
Now really isn't a good time.
Now remember, our variable is still undefined.
Now remember, you must not smoke in her car.
Now retired, Gavidia has enjoyed the good life, skiing in Colorado and taking his boat to the Bahamas for long excursions.
Now retired, Tom lives in Boston.
Now run along.
Now run, otherwise you'll be late!
Now seat belts are mandatory in car seats.
Now see if these are suitable.
Now set my heart on fire!
Now settle down.
Now shake hands and make up.
Now she has children.
Now she is gradually getting well.
Now she is out of my reach.
Now she lay weak in bed.
Now she lives in Saint Petersburg.
Now she suffers for her crime.
Now she understands what I mean.
Now she was hurrying to her sick Grannie's house to call the police.
Now she was hurrying to her sick Grannie’s house to call the police.
Now she was sitting opposite me, looking at me quizzically.
Now she was so weak, but the crane made Sadako feel stronger inside.
Now she works in retail.
Now she'll be thinking all night about what he said.
Now she'll think it's true.
Now she's gone mad.
Now she's married to a wonderful Muslim husband.
Now shut up and let me do my job.
Now shut up.
Now sit down.
Now sleep well!
Now some Pharisees who had been sent.
Now something is really wrong.
Now stand back.
Now stand still.
Now stand up.
Now start singing.
Now stay put.
Now stay there.
Now step aside.
Now step away.
Now step back.
Now stop asking questions, Pip. I'm busy.
Now stop asking questions, Pip. I’m busy.
Now stop crying.
Now stop that.
Now stop!
Now take it easy, both of you.
Now take the tickets, please.
Now talking about sex is no blushing affair.
Now tell me about it.
Now tell me about yourself.
Now tell me all about it.
Now tell me the truth.
Now tell me, are you a good person?
Now tell me, how much does a card cost?
Now tell me, how much does a map cost?
Now tell me.
Now tell us what we want to know.
Now ten dollars buys less than five dollars did three years ago.
Now that Bush has been elected, it will be business as usual.
Now that Father is gone, we can talk freely.
Now that Horus is back, we can write sentences without checking if they already exist.
Now that I am a teacher, I think otherwise.
Now that I am here, you don't have to worry.
Now that I am here, you don’t have to worry.
Now that I am older, I see life differently.
Now that I am well again, I want to study space science in college.
Now that I did not expect.
Now that I got guaranties, I am no longer afraid.
Now that I hate Tom, all of my attention has been redirected to John.
Now that I have a girlfriend, I'm happy.
Now that I have a job, I can be independent of my parents.
Now that I have children, I will hold out, the woman said.
Now that I have come, you have no more time to beg for milk from your mummy!
Now that I have enough money, I can get that camera.
Now that I have finished this assignment I want to go to sleep, but I have to go to school.
Now that I know the power of cabbage I'm a new man. Thanks, cabbage!
Now that I know what to expect, I won't be surprised.
Now that I know, I'll be more careful.
Now that I notice it, I have nowhere to run.
Now that I see these pictures, I remember.
Now that I think about it, I must look threatening.
Now that I think about it, there's always been this weird vibe between you two.
Now that I think of it, I've been asked to look at a haiku he'd written by the tipsy bloke sitting next to me on the train.
Now that I think of it, I’ve been asked to look at a haiku he’d written by the tipsy bloke sitting next to me on the train.
Now that I think of it, it's too small - that ring.
Now that I think of it, it’s too small - that ring.
Now that I think over it, it's somewhat embarrassing.
Now that I think over it, it’s somewhat embarrassing.
Now that I would've loved to see.
Now that I'm a grownup, I think otherwise.
Now that I'm here, everything's going to be OK.
Now that I'm here, the problem is as good as solved.
Now that I'm married, I don't have to work at the hospital.
Now that I'm older, I see things differently.
Now that I'm older, my opinions on this matter have changed.
Now that I'm retired, I can travel as much as I want to.
Now that I'm retired, I devote my time to gardening.
Now that I'm retired, I hardly ever use an alarm clock anymore.
Now that I'm stuck in traffic, I don't know what to do.
Now that I'm thinner, I can fit into this dress.
Now that I've converted to Islam, I have a lot of explaining to do at home.
Now that I've finished everything I had to do, I'm going to take a little rest.
Now that I've got you, I don't need anyone else.
Now that I've had sex with a girl, I no longer think about him as often.
Now that I've lost him, all I can do is languish.
Now that I've lost my virginity, I feel much more confident.
Now that I've managed to blow out my knee, I'm satisfied.
Now that I've quit smoking, I'm doing what I can to stay quit.
Now that Impa was out of the room, Link thought it best to wrap up the conversation. "I'm going to go to bed early tonight so I'll be nice and fresh on my special day!" he announced. "Night, Link! See you in the morning." 
"Nighty-night," Gwonam the wizard joined the goodnight chorus, popping mysteriously out of the shadows. Watching Link stride happily to his room, Zelda felt a surge of uncertainty. "Father," she asked, "how do you think he'll do tomo—" "Go to bed." 
"But fa—" "Bed." 
"But—" "Bed!" "Fine. ...Oh, so no nighty-nights for me?" "You suck." 
"Go to hell, Gwonam!"
Now that I’m a grownup, I think otherwise.
Now that I’m here, the problem is as good as solved.
Now that I’ve gotten my diploma, my heart is at ease.
Now that Mary has left, Tom is happier.
Now that Mary has left, Tom is much happier.
Now that Mary's disappeared with all the money, I'm screwed.
Now that Tom and Mary are here, we can start the party.
Now that Tom and Mary have broken up, it's probably OK to ask her out on a date.
Now that Tom and Mary have broken up, it’s probably OK to ask her out on a date.
Now that Tom has left we can talk freely.
Now that Tom is behind bars, I am no longer afraid of him.
Now that Tom is here, we can start the party.
Now that Tom is retired, he goes fishing almost every day.
Now that Tom is taking proper medication, he should be able to control himself better.
Now that Tom is unemployed, he has quite a bit of free time.
Now that Tom knows who I am, I can't stay here.
Now that Tom refused to cooperate, we will have to find someone else.
Now that Tom's Tavern also delivers, the telephones are buzzing.
Now that doesn't make sense.
Now that everybody is here, we can begin.
Now that everyone is here, we can start.
Now that everyone's here, let's get started.
Now that everything is prepared, you can bring Tom here.
Now that he had made them rich, they gave him every day all that a dog likes best to eat, and the cushions on which he lay were fit for a prince.
Now that he has gone, we miss him very much.
Now that he has graduated, he must become more serious.
Now that he has quit his job, I can't depend on him.
Now that he has quit his job, I can’t depend on him.
Now that he is absent, I will have to work in his place.
Now that he is old, it is your duty to go look after him.
Now that he is old, it is your duty to look after him.
Now that he's retired, Yves can look forward to a contented and placid life.
Now that he’s retired, Yves can look forward to a contented and placid life.
Now that his father was dead, he owned the store.
Now that idealistic obscurantism has become a major "theoretical" means for the warmongers, Lenin's critique of the bourgeois philosophy of the early twentieth century has acquired particular relevance.
Now that it has stopped raining, we can go home.
Now that it's stopped raining, we can go home.
Now that it's too late, I feel like I could've been a better daughter.
Now that my brother is a university student, he has to do a lot of reading.
Now that my father's gone, we can talk freely.
Now that my job is done, I'm resting.
Now that my only colleague has retired, I'm flying solo.
Now that my other son is married, I have two daughters-in-law.
Now that our police force is larger, the crime rate is likely to decline.
Now that people can steal passwords, illegal impersonation is becoming a serious problem.
Now that pessimism prevails, the executive will abandon the project.
Now that poezio is up on GitLab, I feel like contributing again. It didn't take much.
Now that same-sex marriage is legal, I'm one step closer to marrying myself.
Now that school is over, you can go home.
Now that she has quit her job, we can't depend on her.
Now that she has quit her job, we can’t depend on her.
Now that she's quit her job, we can't depend on her.
Now that summer's approaching, families head to the ocean, taking their children with them. With the aim, often foiled, of drowning the ugliest.
Now that the boy was five, they had to think about which school to send him to.
Now that the danger is over, we can leave.
Now that the line of scrimmage has been moved back to the 15-yard line, the extra point after touchdown is no longer a fait accompli.
Now that the noise has stopped, I can finally get to sleep.
Now that the parade had passed, the visitors lost no time in leaving, and a dignified stampede toward the hotel occurred, for the gentlemen were thirsty and the ladies wished to smoke.
Now that the price of orange juice is always higher than apple juice, I track that price and I always take advantage of the opportunity to stock up on a reserve of orange juice when it is on sale.
Now that the project has come to an end, I feel like I've finally come to a resting-place.
Now that the project has come to an end, I feel like I’ve finally come to a resting-place.
Now that the restaurant where he works full time is closed, server Gerardo Espiell, 23, plans to move back in with his mother and sister to make ends meet.
Now that the tables have turned, they’re begging us to stop.
Now that the war is over, we need to start rebuilding.
Now that the weather is good, let's go outside.
Now that the weather is warmer, I can go outdoors.
Now that there's artificial intelligence, your intelligence is irrelevant.
Now that there's artificial intelligence, your own intelligence is irrelevant.
Now that they have a baby, the Tanakas had to hire a part-time helper.
Now that twenty years of his life have passed, he is a man.
Now that was a simplistic answer.
Now that was annoying.
Now that wasn't too hard, was it?
Now that we all agree, let's start the meeting.
Now that we are all here, we can start the farewell party.
Now that we are at nearly the same level, we can start learning some piano duets.
Now that we are established in our new house we shall be glad to receive visitors.
Now that we have eaten, let's go.
Now that we have eaten, let’s go.
Now that we know that Tom is alive, what's next?
Now that we're all here, we can start the farewell party.
Now that we're all here, we can start the going away party.
Now that we're alone, let's have fun.
Now that we're done, we can all finally go home.
Now that we're in our new house, I have to inform the post office of the change of address.
Now that we've bought new furniture for the room, why not throw away this old, worn-out furniture?
Now that we've finished eating, let's go.
Now that we've got off the mark, we must get through this work.
Now that we’re alone, let’s have fun.
Now that we’re in our new house, I have to inform the post office of the change of address.
Now that we’ve got off the mark, we must get through this work.
Now that will be interesting.
Now that you are 18 years old, you should not do such a thing.
Now that you are a big boy, you may do as you please.
Now that you are a college student, you should know better.
Now that you are a high school student, you are responsible for what you do.
Now that you are an adult, you should know better.
Now that you are an authentic consumer, you can start thinking about how will you pay it back to society.
Now that you are eighteen, you can get a driver's license.
Now that you are eighteen, you can get a driver’s license.
Now that you are grown up, you must not behave like a child.
Now that you are grown-up, it is up to you to decide what to do.
Now that you are grown-up, you ought to know better.
Now that you are here, you can help do the cleaning.
Now that you are in Italy, you must absolutely see Naples.
Now that you are in Italy, you must see Naples.
Now that you are no longer young, you must think of your future.
Now that you are single again, how about poker this weekend?
Now that you are tired, you'd better rest.
Now that you are tired, you’d better rest.
Now that you are well again, you can travel.
Now that you have a car, you can come by and see me more often.
Now that you have a car, you can come round and see me more often.
Now that you have a car, you can come see me more often.
Now that you have a car, you can stop and see me more often.
Now that you have a car, you can stop by and see me more often.
Now that you have a car, you should come visit me more often.
Now that you have come of age, you should be responsible for what you do.
Now that you have come of age, you should know better.
Now that you have finished your job, you are free to go home.
Now that you have finished your task, you are free to go and play outside.
Now that you have finished your work, you are free to go home.
Now that you have made your decision, you must act.
Now that you have passed your test, you can drive on your own.
Now that you know I'm a witch, I'll have to destroy you.
Now that you know the truth, perhaps you'll feel better.
Now that you know the truth, perhaps you’ll feel better.
Now that you know what the problem is, how long do you think it'll take to fix it?
Now that you know where I live, come and visit whenever you get the chance.
Now that you mention it, I do remember that we did that.
Now that you mention it, I don't remember seeing Tom in class today.
Now that you mention it, I don’t remember seeing Tom in class today.
Now that you mention it, I have not encountered Tom recently.
Now that you mention it, I have not met with Tom recently.
Now that you mention it, I have not seen Tom recently.
Now that you mention it, I haven't bumped into Tom recently.
Now that you mention it, I haven't chewed gum in years.
Now that you mention it, I haven't seen Tom recently.
Now that you mention it, I recall.
Now that you mention it, I remember he was a dashing man. I wonder how he's doing?
Now that you mention it, I remember he was a dashing man. I wonder how he’s doing?
Now that you mention it, I wasn't involved in the decision-making for the vital part.
Now that you mention it, I wasn’t involved in the decision-making for the vital part.
Now that you mention it, it's been more than 30 years since then.
Now that you mention it, it’s been more than 30 years since then.
Now that you mention it, she also needs a bra and panties.
Now that you mention it, wasn't this guy a pro baseball player?
Now that you mention it, what happened to that man who used to work here?
Now that you mention it. Yeek, Hideki's habits are rubbing off on me!
Now that you mention it. Yeek, Hideki’s habits are rubbing off on me!
Now that you say it, I think you're right.
Now that you say it, I think you’re right.
Now that you say it, yeah, I feel like that, too.
Now that you're a college student, you should study harder.
Now that you're an adult, you need to act like one.
Now that you're eighteen, you should know better.
Now that you're famous, you've been ignoring your old friends.
Now that you're grown up, you must not behave like that.
Now that you're healed, you don't need me anymore.
Now that you're here in Boston, we can spend more time together.
Now that you're here, I feel safe.
Now that you're here, perhaps you could help me.
Now that you're here, you can help me.
Now that you're my girlfriend, I'm happy.
Now that you're retired, you'll have more time to spend in your garden.
Now that you're the boss, you need to learn to act like one.
Now that you've calmed down, let's go grab something to eat.
Now that you've come of age, you have the right to vote.
Now that you've decided to quit your job, you look happy.
Now that you've finished your work, you are free to go home.
Now that you've got a car, you can come by and see me more often.
Now that you've got a car, you can come round and see me more often.
Now that you've got a car, you can come see me more often.
Now that you've got a car, you can stop and see me more often.
Now that you've got a car, you can stop by and see me more often.
Now that you've made 1,000 sentences, you can ask to become an Advanced Contributor whenever you feel the need to be one.
Now that you've made your decision, you must act.
Now that you've mentioned it, I remember coming here with my parents when I was a child.
Now that you've mentioned it, you're right.
Now that your father has married my mother, we're brothers.
Now that you’re a college student, you should study harder.
Now that you’re grown up, you must not behave like that.
Now that you’ve mentioned it, you’re right.
Now that'll be interesting.
Now that's a challenge.
Now that's a different story.
Now that's a hero.
Now that's a name I haven’t heard in a long time.
Now that's a pretty little girls' school.
Now that's a problem.
Now that's a retirement plan.
Now that's an achievement.
Now that's an interesting question.
Now that's bullying! Did you see that?
Now that's funny.
Now that's just great.
Now that's not a bad idea.
Now that's not very friendly.
Now that's right.
Now that's scary!
Now that's too much.
Now that's what I call a good choice.
Now that's what I call perseverance.
Now that's what I call self-reliance.
Now that's what I call style.
Now that's what I'm looking for.
Now that's what I'm talking about.
Now the President is nothing but a lame duck.
Now the United States' debt is bigger than its entire wealth.
Now the adventure begins.
Now the ball is in your court!
Now the child has already fallen in the fountain.
Now the company can justify such expenditure.
Now the earth was completely empty. Darkness was on the surface of the deep. God's ruach was hovering over the surface of the waters.
Now the earth was formless and empty. Darkness was on the surface of the deep. God's Spirit was hovering over the surface of the waters.
Now the fact is official.
Now the fifth sister's turn came. Her birthday fell in the winter, so that she saw sights that the others had not seen on their first trips.
Now the first raindrops are already falling.
Now the floor is mine.
Now the frog is outside the door and wants to come inside to me.
Now the fun begins.
Now the good news is, we can solve these problems and meet these challenges, because America, by definition, is an innovation society.
Now the hard work begins.
Now the leaves are falling.
Now the lights of the city were bright and very close, and the streetlights shone all night.
Now the little mermaid saw that they were in danger.
Now the matter has changed considerably.
Now the mountain is hidden by the clouds.
Now the nights are cooler.
Now the noise has stopped, I can finally get to sleep.
Now the old lady lives alone.
Now the only ones I really like are the Italian sisters, but they won't win.
Now the plane is on its way.
Now the property of a circle is that every point of it is situated at the same distance from the centre, but in an ellipse there are two points within it, the "foci," and the sum of the distances of any point on the circumference from these two foci is constant.
Now the room is dark.
Now the rules of the game have changed.
Now the school has a boy from England.
Now the secret is out.
Now the serpent was more subtle than any of the beasts of the earth which the Lord God had made. And he said to the woman: Why hath God commanded you, that you should not eat of every tree of paradise?
Now the ships were usually beached on the dry sand: / the young men were busy with weddings and their fresh fields: / I was deciding on laws and homesteads: suddenly, / from some infected region of the sky, came a wretched plague, / corrupting bodies, trees, and crops, and a season of death. / They relinquished sweet life, or dragged their sick limbs / around: then Sirius blazed over barren fields: / the grass withered, and the sickly harvest denied its fruits.
Now the shoe is on the other foot.
Now the situation has changed.
Now the situation has got out of hand.
Now the slaves began to dance graceful undulating dances to enchanting music.
Now the sons of Jacob were twelve.
Now the story is over.
Now the sun is warming the ground.
Now the sun rose from the sea and with its kindly beams warmed the deadly cold foam, so that the little mermaid did not feel the chill of death.
Now the time has come for Esperanto, because communication is becoming increasingly important in the world.
Now the vacation is over.
Now the whole car is fogged up.
Now the whole family is together at last.
Now the world in general doesn't know what to make of originality; it is startled out of its comfortable habits of thought, and its first reaction is one of anger.
Now then, let's get this problem cleared up.
Now then, there's no need for that kind of language.
Now then—your turn.
Now there are charms and talismans for your pet that you can have blessed.
Now there are fewer blacksmiths because we rarely use a horse as a draught animal.
Now there are people who take their children to daycare.
Now there came a time when it became necessary for the merchant to leave his home and to travel to a distant Tsardom. He bade farewell to his wife and her two daughters, kissed Vasilissa and gave her his blessing and departed, bidding them say a prayer each day for his safe return.
Now there is a glimmer of hope.
Now there is neither God nor Buddha.
Now there is no turning back.
Now there is nothing but desert, where there used to be a fertile plain.
Now there is nothing else we can do.
Now there is one thing that I want to impress upon you before I go any further, Mr. Holmes. Effie loves me. Don't let there be any mistake about that.
Now there is some left over.
Now there was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus.
Now there was once a farmer who had but one daughter of whom he was very proud because she was so clever.
Now there was once a farmer who had but one daughter of whom he was very proud because she was so clever. So whenever he was in any difficulty he would go to her and ask her what he should do.
Now there was once a maiden whose name was Jorinda. She was prettier than all the pretty girls that ever were seen before, and a shepherd lad, whose name was Jorindel, was very fond of her, and they were soon to be married.
Now there's a minibar where my liver was.
Now there's a museum there.
Now there's a whole new set of problems.
Now there's another option.
Now therefore cursed shalt thou be upon the earth, which hath opened her mouth and received the blood of thy brother at thy hand.
Now therefore let the king provide a wise and industrious man, and make him ruler over the land of Egypt. That he may appoint overseers over all the countries: and gather into barns the fifth part of the fruits, during the seven fruitful years, that shall now presently ensue: and let all the corn be laid up, under Pharaoh's hands, and be reserved in the cities. And let it be in readiness, against the famine of seven years to come, which shall oppress Egypt, and the land shall not be consumed with scarcity.
Now therefore restore the man his wife, for he is a prophet: and he shall pray for thee, and thou shalt live: but if thou wilt not restore her, know that thou shalt surely die, thou and all that are thine.
Now therefore, my son, follow my counsel: And go thy way to the flock, bring me two kids of the best, that I may make of them meat for thy father, such as he gladly eateth. Which when thou hast brought in, and he hath eaten, he may bless thee before he die.
Now therefore, my son, hear my voice, arise and flee to Laban, my brother, to Haran: And thou shalt dwell with him a few days, till the wrath of thy brother be assuaged, and his indignation cease, and he forget the things thou hast done to him.
Now there’s no time to start anew.
Now they are not there; they have gone to eat.
Now they find themselves in a dangerous game of name-calling and one-upmanship.
Now they hate Tom even more.
Now they have a second frontline, just to kill the deserters.
Now they have something else to laugh about.
Now they have something to talk about.
Now they have three children.
Now they like cars of small or middle size.
Now they were both old, and far advanced in years, and it had ceased to be with Sara after the manner of women.
Now they will say that they've found the culprits.
Now they will take your temperature.
Now they're changing the rules too.
Now they're frightened of leaving it.
Now they're saying Tom is the one who killed Mary.
Now they've gone too far.
Now they’re frightened of leaving it.
Now things are different.
Now things have changed.
Now think of the possibilities.
Now this is a good idea.
Now this is a scoop.
Now this is getting on my nerves.
Now this is getting serious.
Now this is more like it.
Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning.
Now this is really creepy.
Now this is some news.
Now this is something else!
Now this is something. What wonderful presents! Boy am I happy!
Now this is the history of the generations of Perez: Perez became the father of Hezron, and Hezron became the father of Ram, and Ram became the father of Amminadab, and Amminadab became the father of Nahshon, and Nahshon became the father of Salmon, and Salmon became the father of Boaz, and Boaz became the father of Obed, and Obed became the father of Jesse, and Jesse became the father of David.
Now this is what I call living the good life.
Now this is your problem, not mine.
Now this politician is full of energy.
Now this right, too, has been taken from us.
Now this was the custom in former time in Israel concerning redeeming and concerning exchanging, to confirm all things: a man took off his sandal, and gave it to his neighbor; and this was the way of formalizing transactions in Israel. So the near kinsman said to Boaz, "Buy it for yourself," then he took off his sandal.
Now thy young heart like a bird singeth in its summer nest, no evil thought, no unkind word.
Now too, with shouts of fury and disdain / to see the maiden rescued, here and there / the Danaans gathering round us, charge amain; / fierce-hearted Ajax, the Atridan pair, / and all Thessalia's host our scanty band o'erbear.
Now try again.
Now try it.
Now try this.
Now try to sleep.
Now try yourself.
Now turn around.
Now turn to your right, a little more, a little more. OK, now lie still on your back.
Now two prostitutes came to the king and stood before him.
Now wait a minute.
Now watch carefully.
Now watch out.
Now watch this.
Now we are afraid of the paradise we created.
Now we are better able to understand their motive.
Now we are finally alone together.
Now we are friends.
Now we are having one cold day after another.
Now we are seven Arabs.
Now we avenge the dead.
Now we can all forget about Tom.
Now we can all relax.
Now we can all sleep easy.
Now we can all sleep soundly.
Now we can be happy.
Now we can be together.
Now we can finally use it to open the door!
Now we can go on with our lives.
Now we can go.
Now we can make plans to see each other!
Now we come to our topic.
Now we come to the first agenda item.
Now we don't have time for it.
Now we don't know what to do.
Now we don’t know what to do.
Now we go to sleep.
Now we have a proper apartment.
Now we have a seven-day Golden Week holiday.
Now we have enough iron to craft some armor for the both of us.
Now we have enough people to play mahjong.
Now we have one and a half million members.
Now we have one less thing to worry about.
Now we have our own home.
Now we have the "Gold-going Week" holiday for seven days.
Now we have to be very careful.
Now we have to create one in two weeks.
Now we have to flour the fillet.
Now we have to leave for work.
Now we have to live with the consequences.
Now we have to rethink everything.
Now we have to wait a bit.
Now we know how Tom did it.
Now we know what happened.
Now we know why.
Now we live apart.
Now we look compact and comfortable, as the father said ven he cut his little boy's head off, to cure him o' squintin'.
Now we must live with the consequences.
Now we need to decide what we should do.
Now we need to roll up our sleeves.
Now we need to wait a while.
Now we need to wait for a while.
Now we party.
Now we really are relatives.
Now we really should be going.
Now we see more and more foreigners.
Now we see the interior of the castle.
Now we understand.
Now we wait.
Now we want to save our languages from extinction, not talk about them.
Now we want you to get out of there.
Now we will distill this water.
Now we will have to walk through the jungle.
Now we will run.
Now we write messages on our cell phones.
Now we'd like to study you.
Now we'll have some fun.
Now we'll never know.
Now we're a real family.
Now we're adults.
Now we're at the end of the year.
Now we're at the fag end of the year.
Now we're done.
Now we're even.
Now we're expecting a child.
Now we're getting serious.
Now we're getting somewhere.
Now we're going to get down to serious business.
Now we're gonna talk about Islam.
Now we're here talking about a long-term historical perspective.
Now we're in business.
Now we're in trouble.
Now we're just waiting on you.
Now we're ready for them.
Now we're ready to go.
Now we're screwed!
Now we're square.
Now we're talking.
Now we're together again.
Now we've got a chance.
Now we've got ourselves a party.
Now we've got to live with the consequences.
Now we’ll examine the code in detail, in our customary fashion.
Now what I had to do was figure out what to wear for tonight's party.
Now what could possibly go wrong with that?
Now what did I do?
Now what do I do?
Now what do I have to do?
Now what do we do?
Now what do you have to say?
Now what do you think about this? Why don't we all go to the beach tomorrow?
Now what do you want me to do with them?
Now what does that tell us about God?
Now what is Ziri meant to do?
Now what is it?!
Now what is this really about?
Now what kind of a question is that?
Now what we need is a plan.
Now what will all the idiots believe who remained alive?
Now what're we going to do?
Now what's the deal?
Now what's the problem?
Now what's wrong?
Now what's your question?
Now what?
Now when God destroyed the cities of that country, remembering Abraham, he delivered Lot out of the destruction of the cities wherein he had dwelt.
Now when Jacob had gone in to her according to custom, when morning was come he saw it was Lia. And he said to his father-in-law: What is it that thou didst mean to do? did not I serve thee for Rachel? why hast thou deceived me?
Now when are you going to come back?
Now when the seven years of plenty that had been in Egypt were passed, the seven years of scarcity, which Joseph had foretold, began to come: and the famine prevailed in the whole world, but there was bread in all the land of Egypt.
Now when these things were done, the word of the Lord came to Abram by a vision, saying: Fear not, Abram, I am thy protector, and thy reward exceeding great.
Now where are we supposed to go?
Now where are you going?
Now where could my pipe be?
Now where could she have gone off to?
Now where could she have gone?
Now where did I park the batmobile?
Now where did I put the key?
Now who is being dishonest?
Now who's going to help you?
Now why didn't I think of that?
Now why didn't we do that?
Now why would I do that?
Now why would you go and do a stupid thing like that?
Now will you shut up with the arrogant comments?
Now winter is like summer.
Now wish everyone a good night!
Now with our stomachs full, we can sing some Christmas carols next to the crèche.
Now with technology, everything is easier.
Now would be a good time to clean out the garage.
Now would be a good time to do that.
Now would be a good time.
Now you and I are alone in the whole wide world.
Now you and I are done.
Now you are a big boy, behave yourself.
Now you are a woman, and I have no right to keep you here. You must return to the world of men, where joy awaits you.
Now you are an adult.
Now you are here, help me.
Now you are in Old Town, so it will be best to go by foot across Charles Bridge and then along MosteckÃ¡ Street to MalostranskÃ© Square.
Now you are in Old Town, so it will be best to go by foot across Charles Bridge and then along Mostecká Street to Malostranské Square.
Now you are sixteen, you should know better.
Now you be good while I'm gone, do you hear?
Now you be good while I’m gone, do you hear?
Now you can ask what you want.
Now you can ask whatever you want.
Now you can cross the road.
Now you can have peace of mind.
Now you can leave the house every day!
Now you can look.
Now you can only get better.
Now you can peel off the sticker.
Now you can rest.
Now you can see what happens when Tom loses his patience.
Now you can select the bookmarklet from any page in the site.
Now you can sign up.
Now you can speak English.
Now you can't be sure whether the so-called "truth" or its opposite is true – or possibly neither.
Now you come, Tom! I was just debating whether to kill myself or just go to sleep.
Now you do it.
Now you don't want to fuck anymore, you say I disgust you.
Now you don't want to fuck anymore; you say I disgust you.
Now you guys know.
Now you have an opportunity to do it.
Now you have come of age, you should seek a living for yourself.
Now you have the hang of it.
Now you have to work to improve your Berber.
Now you just hold on for a minute.
Now you know Berber.
Now you know everything about Tom.
Now you know everything about me.
Now you know everything.
Now you know how I feel about it.
Now you know how I feel.
Now you know how we do that.
Now you know it wasn't my fault.
Now you know my dirty little secret.
Now you know the whole truth.
Now you know what you have to do.
Now you know why I can't leave.
Now you know why.
Now you know.
Now you learn.
Now you like it.
Now you listen to me!
Now you listen to me.
Now you may kiss the bride.
Now you may murder him if you want.
Now you mention it, I can smell it, as well.
Now you mention it, I can smell it, too.
Now you must answer some big questions.
Now you owe me one.
Now you owe me.
Now you really worry me.
Now you say it.
Now you see me, now you don't.
Now you see what we're up against.
Now you see why I can't leave.
Now you see why I didn't tell you before.
Now you should rest a little.
Now you should sleep well!
Now you tell.
Now you try it.
Now you try.
Now you will begin to live.
Now you will die. Isn't it beautiful?
Now you will start to warm up.
Now you won't be able to deny what happened.
Now you'll know everything.
Now you'll learn everything.
Now you're accusing me of murder.
Now you're all grown up.
Now you're an adult.
Now you're beginning to understand.
Now you're being paranoid.
Now you're being silly.
Now you're bringing me down.
Now you're exaggerating a bit.
Now you're exaggerating.
Now you're flying over the Alps.
Now you're getting the hang of it.
Now you're getting the idea.
Now you're going to know what 2 plus 2 is.
Now you're going too far.
Now you're having me on.
Now you're in trouble.
Now you're just being an A-hole.
Now you're just being an asshole.
Now you're just being silly.
Now you're just circumventing the system.
Now you're just overreacting.
Now you're my brother in Islam.
Now you're part of my life.
Now you're piquing my interest.
Now you're really exaggerating.
Now you're safe.
Now you're speaking in riddles.
Now you're speaking my language.
Now you're starting to get it.
Now you're starting to sound like my parents.
Now you're streaming your stupid ideas to the world.
Now you're talking about my wife.
Now you're talking to birds.
Now you're talking, Tom.
Now you're talking.
Now you're wrong.
Now you've come of age, you have the right to vote.
Now you've done it.
Now you've given yourself away.
Now you've gone and ruined everything.
Now you've gone too far.
Now you've got a car, you can come by and see me more often.
Now you've got a car, you can come round and see me more often.
Now you've got a car, you can come see me more often.
Now you've got a car, you can stop and see me more often.
Now you've got a car, you can stop by and see me more often.
Now you've got all three.
Now you've got me all mixed up.
Now you've got my attention.
Now you've got to listen to me.
Now you've hurt my feelings.
Now you've made Tom leave.
Now you've really done it!
Now you've ruined it for me.
Now you've ruined it.
Now you've stirred things up!
Now youngsters are beginning to stay to cater to the unexpected wave of tourism.
Now your eyes must be removed.
Now you’re an adult.
Now you’re flying over the Alps.
Now you’ve come of age, you have the right to vote.
Now you’ve given yourself away.
Now you’ve mentioned it, I remember coming here with my parents when I was a child.
Now!
Now's a bad time to buy a new car.
Now's a bad time.
Now's a good time to buy a new car.
Now's it's your chance to catch up.
Now's my chance to do that.
Now's my chance.
Now's no time to make a racket!
Now's not a good time to release our film. We should wait until the dust settles.
Now's not a good time.
Now's not a good time. How about tomorrow?
Now's not really the time.
Now's not the time for that.
Now's not the time to argue about that.
Now's not the time to be doing something like this.
Now's not the time to be showing off!
Now's not the time to be showing off.
Now's not the time to buy a house.
Now's not the time to cut taxes.
Now's not the time to do that.
Now's not the time to have that attitude!
Now's not the time to play it safe.
Now's not the time to talk about that.
Now's not the time to talk about that. Is it?
Now's not the time.
Now's not your turn.
Now's our chance to do that.
Now's our chance.
Now's really not the time.
Now's the perfect time to do that.
Now's the perfect time to go.
Now's the time to apply.
Now's the time to begin.
Now's the time to decide if you want to go with us or not.
Now's the time to decide whether you really want to get married or not.
Now's the time to display the flag.
Now's the time to do that.
Now's the time to get serious.
Now's the time to leave.
Now's the time we should do that.
Now's the time we should leave.
Now's your chance to catch up.
Now's your chance to do that.
Now's your chance.
Now, "Charlie Hebdo" is provoking Iran in order that USA will have a reason why it will invade Iran.
Now, Alexander can translate in Spanish.
Now, Cookie, I've got a very big date tonight, and this lasagna is for her and me. You'd better not eat it while I'm gone.
Now, Europe seems to be a paradise.
Now, Guards, you stand no chance against me, 'cause I'm actually four blokes!
Now, Hungarians in Transcarpathia, whose minority rights have been trampled in the country, are enlisted and dying for Ukraine.
Now, I also enjoy it.
Now, I always, always lock my phone.
Now, I believe in lunar colonization.
Now, I can cross that off my bucket list.
Now, I can see the light.
Now, I can't give back the money.
Now, I don't have pain there anymore.
Now, I finally have enough money to buy a house.
Now, I have some work to do.
Now, I know what you're thinking.
Now, I know what's real and what's fake.
Now, I like it too.
Now, I must make a phone call.
Now, I need your help.
Now, I present a low-calorie, velvety tofu cake. Please enjoy.
Now, I put this card into the hat. See?
Now, I really feel like an idiot.
Now, I really have to get going.
Now, I remember who I am.
Now, I want to drink beer.
Now, I want you to listen carefully.
Now, I will explain everything to you.
Now, I would like you to imagine a map of Great Britain.
Now, I write with the new font.
Now, I'll show you what I know to do.
Now, I'll state the case clearly and concisely to you, Watson, and maybe you can see a spark where all is dark to me.
Now, I'll take your temperature.
Now, I'm angry with you, even so I still love you.
Now, I'm going into my room.
Now, I'm going mad to play the flute.
Now, I'm going to be honest with you.
Now, I'm going to my room.
Now, I've found what I've been searching.
Now, I've lost all my patience.
Now, I’ll take your temperature.
Now, I’m going mad to play the flute.
Now, Keating is reaching musical heights undreamed of when she was a child and had no idea what a cello was.
Now, Marzio is one of around 50,000 people whose lives are on hold after they were placed under quarantine as Italy tries to contain Europe's worst outbreak of coronavirus that flared up in the regions of Lombardy and Veneto.
Now, Mr. Holmes, you know the people who live under my roof, and I shall continue with my miserable story.
Now, Parker Solar Probe is operating normally and on its way to begin a seven-year mission of extreme science.
Now, Santiago always, always locks his doors and windows.
Now, Tom depends on his parents very much.
Now, Tom has a job.
Now, Tom is going to say the truth.
Now, Tom, you can't expect me to give you all the answers.
Now, a recent safety upgrade has accidentally turned the bridge into a giant ambient music generator.
Now, above all, Tom must exercise patience.
Now, according to the laws of the genre, I must repent and confess everything?
Now, all I need is information.
Now, all heads turn toward the dean, who sits surrounded by a faint halo of light.
Now, all we need is some good music.
Now, all we need is time.
Now, all we need is volunteers.
Now, allow me to elaborate.
Now, an initiative from the private sector on wind-generated energy is paving the way forward. It’s part of a program funded in part by the World Bank called “Fighting Poverty.” It combines skilled artisans and the abundant supply of wind to make simple turbines. The local craftsmen make the wooden blades for the rotating fans, and the 10-foot high base upon which the turbines stand.
Now, answer my question.
Now, are you going back to your room or not?
Now, as a test of courage, won't you go into that abandoned building over there? It's famous as a place haunted by spirits.
Now, as she came running through the trees she drank in the air thirstily through her long nose.
Now, be a good janitor and clean all this up.
Now, be nice.
Now, before I say any more, listen to this.
Now, before I say any more, listen to this;
Now, being determined to rest, Goldilocks went upstairs into the bedchamber in which the Three Bears slept.
Now, break off, for we shall be interrupted. The links by the sea-shore to the east of Wolf's Hope; the hour, sunrise; our swords our only weapons.
Now, can we please change the subject?
Now, can we try this again?
Now, close the book and say what the text is about.
Now, close your eyes and make a wish.
Now, come over here.
Now, do you understand?
Now, don't be late.
Now, don't get all het up. I was going to tell you when you came home.
Now, don't panic.
Now, don't worry.
Now, don't you feel better?
Now, even trees are plastic.
Now, everyone's top priority should be the children's protection.
Now, everything makes sense to me.
Now, exactly how much do you want?
Now, for some space the revellers stood agape, unable to understand all that had been done in such haste.
Now, freed from terror, to my father first, / then to choice friends the vision I declare.
Now, get me a drink.
Now, get off the boat and swim to shore.
Now, get on with your work.
Now, get out your patchwork and have your square done before teatime.
Now, go about your study.
Now, go and have a good time.
Now, go and have a good time. The work can wait.
Now, go have a good time.
Now, go have a good time. The work can wait.
Now, hang on a second.
Now, he depends on his parents very much.
Now, he tells the story of the Civil Rights movement through the eyes of a White House butler as he served eight U.S. presidents.
Now, he's found an unexpected silver lining in these polluted streams. Or, perhaps more accurately, a neodymium lining.
Now, he's hiding like a mouse.
Now, headlines more often point to its fast-growing economy and its emergence as a regional peacemaker.
Now, help me with this.
Now, hold on just a second.
Now, how can I help you?
Now, how can we help you?
Now, how did that get there?
Now, how would I know that?
Now, however, that they had received the command to rest and sleep (and to gainsay the Father's commands was a thing that would never have entered their minds), they were willing enough to obey, and had hardly laid themselves down before they fell into a deep slumber, from which neither awoke until the light of day had long been shining upon the world, and the Father stood beside them bidding them rise and follow him.
Now, however, the fellowship of the approaching sea-voyage and of the glorious perils to be shared, as well as the refreshing feeling which the soft southern evening poured over soul and sense, united the band of comrades in perfect and undisturbed harmony.
Now, hushed the banquet and the tables all / removed, huge wine-bowls for each guest apart / they wreathe with flowers.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I have some work to catch up on.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I have some work to do.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got a bus to catch.
Now, in Latin there are twenty-three letters: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, x, y, z.
Now, in my old age and without much energy, everything tires me, even poetry itself.
Now, in my old age and without much strength, everything tires me, even writing my poor verses.
Now, in the neighbourhood, there lived an old man named Chromis who farmed some land of his own.
Now, it so happens that I'm afraid of flying.
Now, it's changed a little.
Now, it's difficult to buy enough food to feed my family.
Now, it's my turn to help you.
Now, it's my turn to laugh.
Now, it's time to celebrate.
Now, it's up to you.
Now, it's your turn to act.
Now, it's your turn.
Now, join the game.
Now, just let the clay slide between your fingers.
Now, kids, I know you'd probably laugh at this, but actually, this is an anvil!
Now, leave Tom to himself.
Now, leave the rest to me.
Now, let me answer your question, please.
Now, let me ask you a question.
Now, let me be clear.
Now, let me get this straight.
Now, let me handle it.
Now, let the rest of it cool.
Now, let's all sing together!
Now, let's begin our job.
Now, let's begin the class.
Now, let's begin.
Now, let's discuss our other problem.
Now, let's eat.
Now, let's get down to serious business.
Now, let's get going.
Now, let's go outside.
Now, let's have a look.
Now, let's not get discouraged.
Now, let's play some baseball.
Now, let's see some enthusiasm.
Now, let's start the class.
Now, let's turn to work.
Now, lets just hope Tom stays in Boston.
Now, let’s begin our job.
Now, let’s go back to where we were.
Now, let’s turn to work.
Now, listen carefully to what I am saying.
Now, listen to me carefully.
Now, listen to me very carefully.
Now, listen to the doctor, or you won't get well.
Now, listen to the doctor, or you won’t get well.
Now, listen!
Now, listen.
Now, look at the other side.
Now, look at the picture, every one.
Now, look at what you have.
Now, madame, I will beg of you to be frank with me. Is there any incident in your husband’s past life in South America which might throw light on his murder?
Now, my boy, times have changed.
Now, my young man, jump out the window!
Now, my younger brother is in 6th grade elementary and my older sister is in 3rd grade highschool.
Now, night falls early.
Now, nobody is hungry in the country.
Now, now, eat quickly, you have to go to kindergarten.
Now, now, just calm down.
Now, off to school with you!
Now, one and a half billion more human beings can live on the earth's surface, supporting themselves by working for others.
Now, one and a half billion more human beings can live on the earth’s surface, supporting themselves by working for others.
Now, one day Daphnis — it was written that he also should experience the torments of love — quarrelled with Dorcon. They disputed as to which of them was the better-looking of the two, and it was agreed that Chloe, who was present, should judge between them, a kiss from her to be the victor's prize.
Now, one has to be well-prepared.
Now, open your eyes.
Now, plans are in the works to create a new service that breeders can use to check their bees' mettle against this parasitic mite.
Now, please don't get so angry.
Now, please don’t get so angry.
Now, please excuse me.
Now, please leave me alone.
Now, please tell us about yourself.
Now, please, leave ... leave me alone!
Now, prosecutors are increasingly focused on building the conspiracy cases and considering upping the ante by bringing the little-used but far more serious charges of “seditious conspiracy,” which carry up to 20 years in prison, according to current and former law enforcement officials.
Now, quit being so blasÃ© about this.
Now, quit being so blasé about this.
Now, resume reading where you left off.
Now, said Mr Wood.
Now, say it in French.
Now, say the same thing in French.
Now, shut up and listen.
Now, some companies have designers sketching on high-resolution tablets with software that can email 3-D renderings of garments with specifications straight to factories.
Now, stealing forward, on the town they fall, / buried in wine and sleep, the guards o'erbear, / and ope the gates; their comrades at the call / pour in and, joining bands, all muster by the wall.
Now, stop!
Now, take a deep breath.
Now, take a look at this.
Now, tell me something about yourself.
Now, tell me what I want to know.
Now, that is something I will not put up with.
Now, that looks yummy. I'd like to try it.
Now, that wasn't so bad, was it?
Now, that's an idea.
Now, that's better.
Now, that's funny.
Now, that's just embarrassing.
Now, that's not so unusual.
Now, that's ridiculous.
Now, the area is a national park.
Now, the lab has put a call out for bird-watchers across North America to keep a special eye on nests in their own backyards.
Now, the last sprint begins.
Now, the more than 1,000 researchers and staff at N-REL develop everything from wind power to biomass technology, which involves using organic waste products to create clean-burning energy.
Now, the satellite is in orbit.
Now, the situation is better.
Now, the situation is out of hand.
Now, the streets are silent and empty, devoid of bustling tables of customers enjoying the city's famed culinary pleasures.
Now, there is a problem.
Now, there's an idea.
Now, there's something you don't see every day.
Now, therefore, the maid to whom I shall say: Let down thy pitcher that I may drink: and she shall answer, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: let it be the same whom thou hast provided for thy servant Isaac: and by this, I shall understand that thou hast shewn kindness to my master.
Now, they hope their artistic message—which touches on local and global events—will resonate beyond the African continent.
Now, they know we are here.
Now, think about England and Wales, and imagine them divided into smaller parts.
Now, this is John's testimony: Jews of Jerusalem sent priests and Levites to ask him who he was.
Now, this is John’s testimony: Jews of Jerusalem sent priests and Levites to ask him who he was.
Now, this is a problem.
Now, this is interesting.
Now, this is really important.
Now, this may hurt.
Now, this won't be easy.
Now, this won't hurt a bit.
Now, wait a minute.
Now, wait a second.
Now, wait just a minute.
Now, wait just a second.
Now, wake up.
Now, we can be happy with it.
Now, we can only trust God.
Now, we don't have money for a change.
Now, we don’t see that anymore.
Now, we exact justice.
Now, we just need to ratify the voting results. Please sign here and here.
Now, we need each other more than ever.
Now, we need to do the hard part.
Now, we show how this lemma can be used to prove our main theorem.
Now, we're a family.
Now, we're called upon to be well, to enjoy life, to not remember the old.
Now, what am I supposed to do?
Now, what can I do for you?
Now, what can we write?
Now, what did I come out here for?
Now, what do you think?
Now, what do you want me to do?
Now, what do you want to see?
Now, what else can I do for you?
Now, what is your opinion?
Now, what seems to be the problem?
Now, what should we do?
Now, what was your name again?
Now, what were we talking about?
Now, what's that supposed to mean?
Now, when everything is gone, all we have left is the memory.
Now, when everything is gone, we still have the memory.
Now, where are my eyedrops?
Now, where did I leave my keys?
Now, where did you come from?
Now, where did you get this?
Now, where do we go?
Now, where was I?
Now, where was Matthew Cuthbert going and why was he going there?
Now, who has a question?
Now, why are you here?
Now, why didn't I think of that?
Now, why do you have to do that?
Now, why do you suppose that is?
Now, why do you think that is?
Now, why doesn't that surprise me?
Now, why don't we continue this conversation in the other room?
Now, why don't we continue this conversation outside.
Now, why would that happen?
Now, will you help me?
Now, with the unprecedented nationwide lockdown because of the coronavirus, life has been restricted to two poles—home and the regimented lines at the nearest food store, where people are spaced 1 meter apart.
Now, would you excuse me?
Now, years later, can many still remember him?
Now, you ask me if I've flown a major airline.
Now, you ask me if I’ve flown a major airline.
Now, you can do it.
Now, you can't even do a simple addition.
Now, you could kill him.
Now, you have to choose: either me or Tatoeba.
Now, you let me know if this gets to be too much for you.
Now, you mustn't cry any more, but come down with me and show me your flower garden.
Now, you sing.
Now, you take your tears and you offer the Parkers your heartfelt condolences.
Now, you try.
Now, you understand.
Now, you'd better go home.
Nowadays I do not get enough time to read books
Nowadays I don't even kill a fly. I killed many when I was a child.
Nowadays I work as an actor.
Nowadays UNESCO recommends that everybody should use three languages: the mother tongue, the language of local communication and the international language.
Nowadays a lot of people around the world are still going hungry, and even lose their lives from hunger.
Nowadays a playboy is called a player.
Nowadays anybody can get books.
Nowadays are we ever offline?
Nowadays children do not play outdoors.
Nowadays children don't play outdoors.
Nowadays city living is stressful and offers no advantages.
Nowadays coffee is scarce.
Nowadays everything is made of plastic.
Nowadays few people can afford to employ a maid.
Nowadays freedom of speech is taken as a matter of course.
Nowadays he gets angry easily.
Nowadays he's quick to anger.
Nowadays his father goes to work by car.
Nowadays hypocrisy is normal and lies are the truth.
Nowadays in German supermarkets, the eggs you'll find are almost all barn and free-range.
Nowadays it is impossible to protect oneself against weapons of mass destruction.
Nowadays it is nigh on impossible to find a girl who does not wear a tattoo.
Nowadays it is not unusual for a woman to travel alone.
Nowadays it is very busy in major European cities.
Nowadays it isn't unusual for a woman to travel alone.
Nowadays it's important to be able to defend oneself.
Nowadays it's not easy to find a stable job.
Nowadays it's not possible to protect oneself against weapons of mass destruction.
Nowadays it's possible to watch football matches online.
Nowadays it's possible to watch soccer games online.
Nowadays jobs are hard to come by.
Nowadays long skirts are not fashionable.
Nowadays many college students are neglectful of their studies.
Nowadays many people live to be over seventy years old.
Nowadays many people travel by car.
Nowadays many women have a job.
Nowadays marriage is not necessarily a must for women.
Nowadays meat is very expensive.
Nowadays mobile phones are very popular.
Nowadays more and more people prefer country life to city life.
Nowadays my life is full of stress.
Nowadays no one believes in ghosts.
Nowadays nobody believes in ghosts.
Nowadays parents treat their children more as equals than they used to and the child is given more freedom to make his or her own decisions in life.
Nowadays people don't ride in carriages.
Nowadays people in Venezuela are on the breadline.
Nowadays prices of commodities are very high.
Nowadays school is considered a representation of the world.
Nowadays she is lost in tennis.
Nowadays the young take no care of the old.
Nowadays there are no ninjas or samurais in Japan.
Nowadays there are railways all over England.
Nowadays there is a close relationship between foreign relations and domestic affairs.
Nowadays this distinction is becoming more and more blurred.
Nowadays we are apt to forget the benefits of nature.
Nowadays we want our children to make their own decisions, but we expect those decisions to please us.
Nowadays you can't get anything without money.
Nowadays you get to pay thirty crowns just for a small cup of coffee.
Nowadays you have to be quick with a response, rather than quick to anger.
Nowadays you no longer hear popular songs that can be sung by men and women of all ages.
Nowadays young men are apt to make light of learning.
Nowadays, Algiers continues to expand nonstop.
Nowadays, Artificial Intelligence is able to write a profusion of intelligent-sounding paragraphs that you can deem as natural-sounding language samples, complete with an orchestra of emotions appealing to the feminine mindset.
Nowadays, I only listen to the radio when I'm driving.
Nowadays, Japanese people rarely wear kimonos.
Nowadays, Tom carries a golf umbrella to keep social distancing, regardless of weather.
Nowadays, a lot of imperialists disguise their true intentions in the language of anti-imperialism.
Nowadays, a safety zone is not always safe.
Nowadays, a single room contains both the toilet and the bathtub.
Nowadays, a woman who is an auto mechanic is "cool", while a man hairdresser is automatically titled as "gay" by many.
Nowadays, almost every home has one or two televisions.
Nowadays, almost everyone has a modern bean-to-cup coffee maker, but we are still using a porcelain coffee filter.
Nowadays, appearance is everything.
Nowadays, books are accessible to everyone.
Nowadays, candidates don't often canvass neighborhoods.
Nowadays, children don't play in the street.
Nowadays, children learn to swim in school.
Nowadays, commuters take traffic jams for granted.
Nowadays, cryptography is often used to make online communications and transactions more secure.
Nowadays, due to the biased media, even little kids like Junior and Sally won’t accept feminism for its negative connotations. I think we need to tell men – and a growing percentage of women – that feminism is for everyone, and its values should apply to us all as people in a society that’s much freer than past societies.
Nowadays, equal pay is not enough, household responsibilities must also be distributed evenly.
Nowadays, equal pay is not enough. Household responsibilities must also be distributed evenly.
Nowadays, everybody does that.
Nowadays, everything is possible.
Nowadays, everything you see on YouTube is clickbait.
Nowadays, few ordinary city dwellers ever use the word "wattle".
Nowadays, finding good lumber is hard.
Nowadays, however, calculators can be used freely in school examinations, and already in many schools the only sound to be heard during a math exam is the sound of children tapping on their calculators.
Nowadays, if a boy doesn't lose his virginity by the age of 18, he'll most likely be traumatised.
Nowadays, if you say that men and women exist, some people would label you as a dinosaur.
Nowadays, in all the North African countries, none has the right to choose a religion except Islam.
Nowadays, it is seldom done.
Nowadays, it isn't easy to find affordable housing.
Nowadays, it seems that teenagers remain immature much longer, which is tragic.
Nowadays, many children can't tell time on analog clocks.
Nowadays, more and more people are choosing not to get married.
Nowadays, most foods are full of chemicals.
Nowadays, most paper encyclopedias aren't much use anymore other than as props.
Nowadays, most people consider jazz old-fashioned.
Nowadays, movies are full of sex and violence.
Nowadays, people know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Nowadays, people travel more often than before.
Nowadays, rooftop solar panels are popping up like weeds.
Nowadays, sacrificing animals during Pesach is completely forbidden.
Nowadays, some kindergartens are carrying out bilingual teaching, and so all the children can speak a little English.
Nowadays, students are world championship procrastinators.
Nowadays, teenagers are often criticized for their bad behavior.
Nowadays, ten year old girls are having abortions; when I was fifteen years old I was still coloring.
Nowadays, that side parted hairstyle is rare.
Nowadays, the Turkish economy is very bad. Inflation is rising day by day. If you come to our country, you will have to take a lot of money out of your wallet.
Nowadays, the devastating wildfires in Canada continue burning thousands of hectares.
Nowadays, the fourteenth century's debate about the Eucharist sounds completely arcane.
Nowadays, the fourteenth century’s debate about the Eucharist sounds completely arcane.
Nowadays, the majority of European countries is ruled by social democrats, but there is a noticeable increase of right-wing extremism.
Nowadays, the preparatory value of Esperanto for other languages is much emphasized.
Nowadays, the propaedeutic value of Esperanto is much emphasized.
Nowadays, there are many male nurses.
Nowadays, there are still a few groups of people in different parts of the world who do not have permanent homes.
Nowadays, this is not like this anymore.
Nowadays, traveling costs a lot of money.
Nowadays, we can navigate with just a smart phone.
Nowadays, we do everything online.
Nowadays, we live in a consumerist society, and consequently, sewing machines are becoming obsolete.
Nowadays, we often use the term "senior citizen" to refer to old people.
Nowadays, when mass media has already done away with any limits, it seems that one's head has shrunk to the size of an iPhone.
Nowadays, wisdom no longer appears to be an admirable virtue.
Nowadays, you can't buy much for a dollar.
Nowhere but in the world of the antique is it more obvious that many of the things that we as individuals hold dear are completely arbitrary.
Nowhere but in the world of the antique is it more obvious that many of the things that we, as individuals hold dear, are completely arbitrary.
Nowhere did they understand me.
Nowhere else will you find such beauty.
Nowhere in the Bible does it state that Jesus wasn't a raptor.
Nowhere in the Bible does it state that Jesus wasn’t a raptor.
Nowhere is safe anymore.
Nowhere is safe when Tom is around.
Nowhere is safe.
Nowhere more altered, perhaps, about a hundred years ago, than in one little orchard attached to an old stone house with a honeysuckle porch.
Nowt gets past you!
Noxious fumes are likely present.
Noxious fumes may be present.
Nozomi is the fastest train in Japan.
Nu?
Nubian giraffes live in Ethiopia.
Nuclear bombs are made from uranium or plutonium.
Nuclear bombs are terrifying.
Nuclear energy is produced by splitting atoms or by bringing them together.
Nuclear energy is still, in 2019, one of the main sources of decarbonized energy on a global scale.
Nuclear energy is the future.
Nuclear energy is used to produce electricity.
Nuclear explosions may be big, but space is bigger.
Nuclear fusion could wean the global economy off fossil fuels.
Nuclear fusion takes place deep in the sun's core at a temperature of about 15 million degrees Celsius. As the heat travels out through the sun's layers, it becomes much cooler, but still hot enough to glow in visible light.
Nuclear power is safe.
Nuclear power is stymied by the new laws.
Nuclear power is used to generate electricity.
Nuclear power plants are dangerous, not to mention nuclear weapons.
Nuclear power plants don't appeal to everybody.
Nuclear power plants don’t appeal to everybody.
Nuclear power plants rely upon the fission of uranium to generate heat.
Nuclear proliferation is the spread of nuclear weapons.
Nuclear war will bring life on this planet to an end.
Nuclear weapons are a threat to all humanity.
Nuclear weapons are a threat to humanity.
Nuclear weapons are a threat to the human race.
Nuclear weapons are a threat to the race.
Nuclear weapons are like the sword of Damocles, threatening humanity with extinction.
Nuclear weapons can cause colossal damage to humanity.
Nuclear weapons could end the world.
Nuclear weapons may bring about the annihilation of man.
Nuclear weapons need to be banned in the Middle East.
Nuclear weapons need to be completely banned in the Middle East.
Nuclear weapons will bring about nothing but the ruin of mankind.
Nucleic acids are organic compounds.
Nudist colonies must have the lowest rates of pickpocketing in the world.
Nudists regard nudity as normal.
Nuh-uh, that's not true.
Nuja accompanied Skura to Algiers.
Nuja and Mira accompanied Skura to Algiers.
Nuja and Mira beat Skura at checkers.
Nuja and Mira beat Skura unconscious.
Nuja and Mira beat Skura up.
Nuja and Mira brought Skura along.
Nuja and Mira brought Skura here.
Nuja and Mira called Skura back.
Nuja and Mira danced with Skura.
Nuja and Mira followed Skura home.
Nuja and Mira forgave Skura.
Nuja and Mira helped Skura get ready.
Nuja and Mira hurried over to Skura's house.
Nuja and Mira kept Skura company.
Nuja and Mira kept Skura informed about their whereabouts.
Nuja and Mira kept Skura informed.
Nuja and Mira kept Skura posted.
Nuja and Mira kept Skura waiting.
Nuja and Mira let Skura in.
Nuja and Mira let Skura swim.
Nuja and Mira listened carefully to Skura.
Nuja and Mira lived alone.
Nuja and Mira lost all their hair.
Nuja and Mira met Skura outside.
Nuja and Mira met Skura.
Nuja and Mira missed Skura.
Nuja and Mira obeyed Skura.
Nuja and Mira perked up when they heard Skura's voice.
Nuja and Mira protected Skura.
Nuja and Mira ran after Skura.
Nuja and Mira ran past Skura.
Nuja and Mira replaced Skura.
Nuja and Mira screamed at Skura.
Nuja and Mira shared their lunch with Skura.
Nuja and Mira shot at Skura.
Nuja and Mira showed Skura the photo.
Nuja and Mira showed Skura the way.
Nuja and Mira talked Skura into donating some money.
Nuja and Mira talked to Skura Monday afternoon.
Nuja and Mira texted Skura back.
Nuja and Mira told Skura a story.
Nuja and Mira understood what Skura meant.
Nuja and Mira waited up for Skura.
Nuja and Mira were angry with Skura.
Nuja and Mira were done, but Skura wasn't.
Nuja and Mira were furious with Skura.
Nuja and Mira were mad at Skura.
Nuja and Mira were pleased to see Skura.
Nuja and Mira were upset with Skura.
Nuja and Mira were worried about Skura.
Nuja and Zira knew that Skura was lying.
Nuja and Zira were looking at Skura's dog.
Nuja beat Skura at checkers.
Nuja beat Skura unconscious.
Nuja beat Skura up.
Nuja believed what Skura said.
Nuja brought Skura along.
Nuja brought Skura here.
Nuja called Skura back.
Nuja d Mira believed what Skura said.
Nuja danced with Skura.
Nuja followed Skura home.
Nuja forgave Skura.
Nuja has always treated Walid like a son.
Nuja helped Skura get ready.
Nuja hurried over to Skura's house.
Nuja kept Skura company.
Nuja kept Skura informed about her whereabouts.
Nuja kept Skura informed.
Nuja kept Skura posted.
Nuja kept Skura waiting.
Nuja knew that Skura was lying.
Nuja let Skura in.
Nuja let Skura swim.
Nuja made a video about Skura.
Nuja met Skura outside.
Nuja met Skura.
Nuja missed Skura.
Nuja obeyed Skura.
Nuja perked up when she heard Skura's voice.
Nuja protected Skura.
Nuja ran after Skura.
Nuja ran past Skura.
Nuja replaced Skura.
Nuja screamed at Skura.
Nuja shared her lunch with Skura.
Nuja showed Skura the photo.
Nuja showed Skura the way.
Nuja talked Skura into donating some money.
Nuja texted Skura back.
Nuja told Skura a story.
Nuja understood what Skura meant.
Nuja was done, but Skura wasn't.
Nuja was furious with Skura.
Nuja was looking at Skura's dog.
Nuja was mad at Skura.
Nuja was pleased to see Skura.
Nuja was upset with Skura.
Nuja was worried about Skura.
Nukuʻalofa is the capital of Tonga.
Null is zero and so is nil.
Null is zero.
Nullis notes Alert, Canada, the northernmost settlement on Earth, reached a high of 21 degrees Celsius (70 degrees Fahrenheit) for the first time in history a few days ago.
Nullis says climate change already is increasing the frequency of extreme weather events.
Number 26 is already reserved, sorry.
Number 29, Ferreira, was substituted for number 8, Dimitrios.
Number 51, your makunouchi bento is ready. Sorry for causing you to wait.
Number 51, your makunouchi bento is ready. Sorry for making you wait.
Number 51, your makunouchi bento is ready. Sorry for the wait.
Number eight is "hachi" in Japanese, as it reminds one of "hatching from an egg."
Number one, it increases your comprehension ability.
Number unobtainable.
Number-two seed Sjeng Schalken of the Netherlands beat top-seeded Rainer Schuettler on Sunday to win the Brazil Open tennis tournament in Costa do Sauipe.
Numbers are not always about age and money. If one thinks otherwise, then one has not been exposed to too much mathematics. It becomes evident...
Numbers are not important in Toki Pona.
Numbers are to numerals what letters are to words.
Numbers aren't everything.
Numbers don't stick in your mind, pictures do.
Numbers don’t stick in your mind, pictures do.
Numbers of people came from all over the country.
Numbers speak clearly.
Numbers speak louder than words.
Numbers stations are used to send coded messages.
Numbers that can be expressed as fractions of two whole numbers are called rational numbers.
Numbers that end in zero can be divided by two.
Numbers were not supposed to be given names.
Numbers will always be strange to Toki Pona.
Numensa don't need to buy Taberyucht.
Numerals in Esperanto aren't inflected.
Numerology is a serious religion amongst many Orientals as it is a separate thing altogether to what many classify as regular religions.
Numerology is like schizophrenia.
Numerous casualties have been reported.
Numerous countries have signed a nuclear disarmament agreement.
Numerous examples can be given.
Numerous factors come in to play.
Numerous journals have adopted Interlingua as a secondary editorial language for abstracts and summaries, and several international congresses — notably the Second World Congress of Cardiology in 1954 in Washington — have found it useful as a substitute for multiple translation in their programs.
Numerous murders and disappearances happened in the area.
Numerous negative health effects of smoking have been researched and described over the years, beginning with the U.S. surgeon general’s report in 1964.
Numerous notable individuals have been actively involved with the charity.
Numerous other enhancements were added.
Numerous other lawsuits are pending.
Numerous people began climbing onto the roof.
Numerous politicians have been accused of corruption, electoral fraud and theft of public funds.
Numerous satellites orbit the Earth.
Numerous shops sell historical outfits, handcrafted wares, and replica weaponry, and the food options are a mix of old and new: booths selling turkey legs and mead (honey wine) stand next to booths selling gyros, crepes, and key lime pie on a stick.
Numerous stars were visible in the sky.
Numerous violent and sudden casualties among C++ developers are caused by segmentation faults every year.
Numerous water-dropping planes, nine helicopters, and dozens of water cannon are being used to battle the blaze.
Numidia was ripped into three provinces by the Romans.
Numidian cavalrymen made up much of the resistance force.
Numidian horsemen came to the rescue.
Numidian horsemen had a tremendous degree of mobility and speed.
Numidian horsemen used spears.
Numidian horsemen were always combat-ready.
Numidian horsemen were known for their bravery.
Numidian kings ruled over these lands for centuries.
Numidian warriors were excellent horsemen.
Numidians eventually dominated the entire region of North Africa.
Numidians needed a strong leader like Jugurtha.
Numidians were Berbers.
Nupur laughed when Alyssa saw her boobs and did a chef's kiss.
Nupur likes to rub her clit while her having her pussy fucked.
Nur-Sultan is Kazakhstan's capital.
Nur-Sultan is the capital of Kazakhstan.
Nurcahyo Utomo of Indonesia's National Transportation Safety Committee said the investigation found a crack in the soldering on a tiny electrical part in the system controlling the plane's rudder.
Nurse practitioners are lobbying to be allowed to fill in the physician gap and practice without supervision, but doctors are trying to stop them.
Nurse practitioners are often the primary care provider of choice, since they're usually more accessible than a physician.
Nurse practitioners undergo less education than physicians, but are still capable of diagnosing, giving prescriptions and admitting patients to hospitals.
Nurse, I swallowed some cough spray by accident, and I got all drowsy and headachy during second period. Turns out it says here the active ingredient is harmful when swallowed. Am I going to be fine?
Nurse, don't let this patient out of your sight.
Nurse, take this sample to Pathology immediately, please.
Nurse, you should not let this patient out of your sight.
Nursery rhymes are deliberately inconsistent texts.
Nursery school places are hard to come by.
Nurses and midwives have said they had been assaulted on trains and buses, refused service at grocery stores and spat on by members of the public who have accused them of spreading the virus.
Nurses attend sick people.
Nurses attend to sick people.
Nurses care for patients.
Nurses don't have enough time to thoroughly examine each patient and notice any changes, so it's up to the CNAs, who spend more time with the patients, to be the eyes and ears of the nursing team.
Nurses look after patients.
Nurses take care of patients.
Nursing insurance covers drawing up the care plan and other work supporting home nursing.
Nursing is a female-dominated profession.
Nursing is stressful.
Nursing school is so hard.
Nurture strength of spirit to shield you in sudden misfortune.
Nurture strength of spirit to shield you in sudden misfortune. But do not distress yourself with imaginings. Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness.
Nusbaum and her husband have been furloughed from their jobs, meaning they maintain their health insurance and the promise of eventually going back to work, though they do not have an income now.
Nut was the Egyptian goddess of the sky.
Nutella is not very well known in Japan. However in the United States and Europe, it's a popular spread and various sized jars of Nutella may be seen lined up inside many grocery stores and supermarkets.
Nutella is not very well known in Japan. However, in America and Europe it's a popular spread and various sized jars of Nutella may be seen lined up inside many grocery stores and supermarkets.
Nutella is not very well known in Japan. However, in America and Europe it’s a popular spread and various sized jars of Nutella may be seen lined up inside many grocery stores and supermarkets.
Nutrients are absorbed through the wall of the ileum.
Nutrition is important.
Nutrition is inadequate in some poor areas.
Nutrition-packed superfoods can be as powerful as prescription drugs.
Nutritious food helps support healthy organs.
Nuts are nutritious.
Nuts are round, but not everything that's round is a nut.
Nuts are tasty and healthy.
Nuts may be purchased shelled or unshelled with the exception of cashews, which are sold only shelled.
Nuts to you!
Nuuk is the capital of Greenland.
Nuzzles is an orange and gold fox pup with violet eyes and a pink tail and wears gold and pink jewelry.
Nyamal is a girl.
Nyamal went to fetch some water from the river.
Nyle is a teal monkey with brown eyes and mint highlights.
Nylon stockings often run.
Nyotaimori is where food, like sashimi, is laid out on a naked woman.
O Allah's Messenger (ﷺ)! How is the Divine Inspiration revealed to you?
O Byzantines! do you want success, guidance and the survival of our empire?
O Coffee, thou dispellest the cares of the great; thou bringest back those who wander from the paths of knowledge!
O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space.
O Hamlet, thou hast cleft my heart in twain.
O Hamlet, you have broken my heart in two.
O Kabyle people, there is no freedom without independence, and there is no independence without being free in one’s head!
O King ! O Perfect One ! We make a start, You bring it to completion !
O Lord, make me into an instrument of peace.
O Lord, who lends me life, lend me a heart replete with thankfulness.
O Muse, assist me and inspire my song, / the various causes and the crimes relate, / for what affronted majesty, what wrong / to injured Godhead, what offence so great / Heaven's Queen resenting, with remorseless hate, / could one renowned for piety compel / to brave such troubles, and endure the weight / of toils so many and so huge. O tell / how can in heavenly minds such fierce resentment dwell?
O Our Father in Heaven, Holy be your name, Your Kingdom come, Your will be done, on earth, as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our sins, as we also have forgiven our sinners. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
O Romeo Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?
O Romeo Romeo, why are you Romeo?
O Romeo, Romeo! Wherefore art thou Romeo?
O Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?
O Sister... now only you are left to me.
O Tom, Tom, wherefore art thou Tom?
O brave new world that has such people in't!
O chattering grasshoppers, if you chirp so loudly you will disturb my Chloe!
O deities of the underworld, to whom all we who live must come, hear my words, for they are true.
O fatal victory! O strange disease, which I know not how to name!
O grey pussycat, please don't purr. Grandpa might hear you.
O heat, dry up my brains! Tears seven times salt, burn out the sense and virtue of mine eye!
O life-giving Sun, you can see nothing greater than the city of Rome.
O me, what hast thou done?
O most wicked and impious of men, to what lengths has your madness driven you!
O my darling, give him the best years of your life; the whole of your life, whether it be long or short.
O my people, I will relentlessly punish those who have attacked your Majesty.
O native land! O Ilion, now betrayed! / Blest home of deities, in war renowned! / Four times beside the very gate 'twas stayed; / four times within the womb the armour clashed and brayed.
O positive is the most common blood type.
O tender who brings justice, without having to say a word, the day of the wicked will come.
O that I had never left Skyros.
O that I had never seen thee.
O that I had so much power!
O that this too too solid flesh would melt, thaw and resolve itself into a dew!
O time when the storm rumbled in vain, without raining for two years.
O time, suspend your flight!
O time, suspend your flight! and you, happy hours, suspend your race: let us savor the fleeting delights of our fairest days!
O tongue made of flesh, why do you pour out so much poison?
O what can ail thee, knight-at-arms, alone and palely loitering?
O you who pull on the rope, know that I have the right end on my side.
O you who takes care of the little birds, bless our food, O God.
O you wordsmiths, tell us what it's all about!
O! this learning, what a thing it is.
O'erwhelmed with odds, we perish; first of all, / struck down by fierce Peneleus by the fane / of warlike Pallas, doth Coroebus fall.
O, how much more does beauty beauteous seem, by that sweet ornament which truth does give! The rose looks fair, but fairer we it deem for that sweet odor which does in it live.
O, how thy worth with manners may I sing, when thou art all the better part of me? What can mine own praise to mine own self bring, and what is't but mine own when I praise thee?
O, lady, the glow-worm figurates my valour.
O-oi!? Don't rip off my precious hair!
O-oi!? Don’t rip off my precious hair!
O.K. I'm glad you could come.
O.K. I’m glad you could come.
O.K., you've convinced me.
O3 and PM2.5 contribute to between 4 million and 9 million annual premature deaths globally, from strokes, heart disease, lung disease and acute respiratory infections.
ODS super alloy is produced by the mechanical alloy method following powder metallurgy.
OK Tom, blow out the candles.
OK Tom, how many do you want?
OK Tom, that should do it.
OK Tom, what would you do?
OK boomer.
OK guys, I really need something to drink.
OK guys. I'm going to bed now.
OK just don't fight!
OK people, listen up.
OK then, I'll get out of your hair.
OK then, but do it as fast as possible!
OK then, please do it that way.
OK! Bring it on!
OK!! Bro!! I don't want to hear any more!
OK!! Bro!! I don’t want to hear any more!
OK, I agree with you.
OK, I get the idea.
OK, I get the picture.
OK, I guess I'm ready.
OK, I hear you loud and clear.
OK, I heard that.
OK, I just want to intervene here for one second, because if you guys have just come here to assign blame, this is probably not a good place to do it.
OK, I lied when I said I wasn't hungry.
OK, I think I can do that.
OK, I think I get it.
OK, I think I got it.
OK, I think we can begin.
OK, I understand.
OK, I was just asking.
OK, I will come pick you up at four o'clock.
OK, I won't do it again.
OK, I won't do that again.
OK, I won't do that anymore.
OK, I'll allow it.
OK, I'll be right over.
OK, I'll bite.
OK, I'll buy a car tomorrow!
OK, I'll do it.
OK, I'll do my best.
OK, I'll do that.
OK, I'll do what you say.
OK, I'll explain.
OK, I'll give Tom everything.
OK, I'll give it a shot.
OK, I'll give it a try.
OK, I'll help.
OK, I'll just stand over there.
OK, I'll leave you alone.
OK, I'll let you know.
OK, I'll order it.
OK, I'll order them.
OK, I'll pretend that we're equals, but you know that we aren't.
OK, I'll prove that it works.
OK, I'll remind you.
OK, I'll see you tomorrow.
OK, I'll shut up.
OK, I'll stop worrying now.
OK, I'll talk to Tom.
OK, I'll tell Tom everything.
OK, I'll tell her.
OK, I'll think about it.
OK, I'll try.
OK, I'm coming.
OK, I'm convinced.
OK, I'm going out. I'll be back.
OK, I'm persuaded.
OK, I'm ready.
OK, Tom, let's cut to the chase.
OK, Tom, let's get moving.
OK, Tom, let's shove off.
OK, Tom, you've made your point.
OK, Ziri, what do you want?
OK, agreed.
OK, already, jeez!
OK, and what are you going to do for me?
OK, are you going to return to your room or not?
OK, as long as it doesn't get windy.
OK, as long as it doesn’t get windy.
OK, back up.
OK, boomer.
OK, but what about the manager?
OK, but what do you think?
OK, but why should he do that?
OK, calm down.
OK, enough already!
OK, fine, tell me.
OK, fine. One beer. But no more!
OK, get ready. Take your time.
OK, gramps.
OK, guys! Time to wake up!
OK, hand it here.
OK, here's the donation ... 10 yen each. Here you go, Mihane.
OK, here’s the donation ... 10 yen each. Here you go, Mihane.
OK, hold that thought.
OK, hop to it.
OK, how can I help you?
OK, it's fine.
OK, just a drop.
OK, just stand where you are.
OK, let me drive.
OK, let me get this straight.
OK, let me know when you figure it out.
OK, let me put it another way.
OK, let me see what I can do.
OK, let's all calm down.
OK, let's assume that you're right.
OK, let's assume you're right.
OK, let's begin!
OK, let's discuss what needs to be done.
OK, let's do it.
OK, let's do that.
OK, let's do this.
OK, let's get it over with.
OK, let's get started.
OK, let's get this over with.
OK, let's go now.
OK, let's go.
OK, let's just do it.
OK, let's just do that.
OK, let's leave.
OK, let's make this quick.
OK, let's see how bad things have gotten.
OK, let's see if I've got this straight.
OK, let's see if you can drive this truck.
OK, let's see what we can do.
OK, let's take a break.
OK, let's try this once more.
OK, let's try this one more time.
OK, listen to me.
OK, listen up.
OK, my dear, good night!
OK, name one time a right-winger has ever been stoned to death for not understanding trans people.
OK, no big deal.
OK, no problem.
OK, now turn to your right, a little further, a little further... good. Now lie still on your back.
OK, only this time, for you.
OK, panic!
OK, people, it's time to go home.
OK, people, let's go.
OK, people, move along.
OK, see you later.
OK, see you tomorrow.
OK, so let's do it.
OK, so that's it for me. Now I'll hand things over to the next speaker.
OK, so that’s it for me. Now I’ll hand things over to the next speaker.
OK, so when you "FOIL" two binomials, you multiply the first term in each binomial, then the outer terms, then the inner terms, then the last terms, and then you combine like terms. That's what FOIL stands for. Let me show you an example.
OK, sorry, see you tomorrow.
OK, stop there! That was a strong performance from the two of you.
OK, stretch to your full height, please.
OK, stretch to your full length, please.
OK, take it.
OK, take your blindfold off.
OK, thanks a lot.
OK, thanks again.
OK, that seems fair.
OK, that settles it.
OK, that's all for today.
OK, that's enough for today.
OK, that's enough.
OK, that's not it.
OK, there is not a lot to do at the moment.
OK, this is nothing we can't handle.
OK, this is nothing we can’t handle.
OK, this is what we are going to do.
OK, this next! The combination of this and this might be way sexy!
OK, try again.
OK, we'll try it your way.
OK, we've got a deal.
OK, what do I do now?
OK, what do you suggest?
OK, what kind of place do you live at?
OK, what shall I sing?
OK, what would you like advice on?
OK, what's the plan?
OK, what's the secret?
OK, where were we?
OK, who are you?
OK, wish me luck.
OK, you can stop laughing now.
OK, you guys are at like a 7 right now. I need you at like a 4.
OK, you keep quiet while we're in the store.
OK, you keep quiet while we’re in the store.
OK, you two, follow me.
OK, you win.
OK, you're free to go home.
OK, you're right.
OK, you're wrong.
OK, you've got my attention.
OK.
OK. Get to know each other and I'll go start dinner.
OK. Go ahead.
OK. I agree.
OK. I think I see where you are going.
OK. I think I understand what you're asking.
OK. I think I understand what you’re asking.
OK. I'll go to Shin-Osaka station's shinkansen exit.
OK. I'll send it out as soon as a machine is available.
OK. I'll take a day off and treat you.
OK. I'm just next door so if you can get that assurance let me know.
OK. I’ll send it out as soon as a machine is available.
OK. I’ll take a day off and treat you.
OK. I’m just next door so if you can get that assurance let me know.
OK. Just a little more.
OK. Let me give you my number.
OK. Right. I see what you mean.
OK?
OLX started its journey in Bangladesh last August.
OMG!
OMG! I didn't know that!
OMG, the volcanic eruption was HUGE!
OP, I can tell that you're a daughter who cares a lot for her parents.
OPEC is siding with Russia.
OPEC makes sure not to flood the market with oil to keep its prices high.
OSU entomologist Vaughn Walton points to a brown bug with a body shaped like a medieval shield and distinctive white stripes on its antennae.
Oak, pine and birch trees grow in these woods.
Oak, pine and birch trees grow in this forest.
Oak, pine and birch trees grow in this wood.
Oakland is a sanctuary city.
Oaks can host more than 500 different kinds of caterpillars—an amazing factoid that I just looked up.
Oaks may fall when reeds stand the storm.
Oaks, amber, and white wagtails are some of the natural symbols that appear in Latvian ornaments and decorations.
Oaks, pines and birches grow in these woods.
Oaks, pines and birches grow in this forest.
Oaks, pines and birches grow in this wood.
Oat fields stretched out to the horizon.
Oat porridge tastes best with milk.
Oatmeal bars go well with string cheese.
Oatmeal is good for you.
Oatmeal is very nutritious.
Oats are a multipurpose and valuable nourishment.
Oats are a nutritious breakfast choice.
Oats are a valuable food.
Oats do not ripen before barley.
Oats have long been food for horses and mules.
Ob-la-di, ob-la-da, life goes on, brah.
Obama came to Japan offering reassurances that the Japanese leadership has been wanting to hear.
Obama focused on the financial crisis.
Obama has both a Christian and Muslim background.
Obama has repeatedly stated that everyone must “pay their fair share” of taxes to improve America’s finances and fund badly-needed infrastructure projects and other programs.
Obama is the current president of the USA.
Obama is the first black president in the White House.
Obama said that Romney is forgetting what his own positions are — "and he's betting that you will too".
Obama was very careful with his reputation.
Obama's directive could especially affect workers in fast food restaurants and retail stores, where employees who supervise other workers are often called managers, even if their salaries barely exceed that of their subordinates.
Obata is ranked 39th in the world and was top-seeded for the first time in a WTA Tour event, but she committed too many unforced errors against an opponent who was familiar with her game.
Obedience is not enough.
Obedience isn't enough.
Obelix fell into a cauldron of magic potion when he was a baby.
Obesity around the world has tripled since 1975, according to the World Health Organization.
Obesity doesn't just happen.
Obesity increases risks of diabetes and heart disease.
Obesity is a national epidemic.
Obesity is a problem caused by sugar.
Obesity is a problem worldwide.
Obesity is a serious problem.
Obesity is considered by far the most serious health issue facing the developed world.
Obesity is not just an American problem anymore. A recent international survey by the Worldwatch Institute found that nearly two billion people around the world are overweight. Health statistics were gathered from 177 countries. Researchers there say the trend is being driven, ironically, by rising personal income, which is leading people to eat fattier foods and exercise less.
Obesity is such a big issue right now.
Obesity is the leading cause of preventable death after smoking.
Obesity is the most common disease these days.
Obesity rates around the world are rising.
Obey God.
Obey in perfect accordance.
Obey me.
Obey reason.
Obey the law.
Obey the speed limit.
Obey thyself.
Obey traffic regulations.
Obey your elders.
Obey your father.
Obey your mom.
Obey your parents.
Obey your teachers.
Obeying rules is important.
Obituaries of the musician, who died at the age of just 30, spoke of a life lived in the fast lane.
Object-oriented programming is all about indirection.
Objecting to the inclusion of trans men and nonbinary people would make reactionaries look like the pieces of shit they are, so they instead make up some nonsense about "banning the word woman."
Objection denied.
Objection overruled.
Objection sustained.
Objection!
Objection, Your Honor, this is all speculation.
Objection, Your Honor.
Objection, your Honor, this is hearsay!
Objection, your honor!
Objection, your honor.
Objection, your honor. There is nothing in the record that even remotely substantiates that.
Objective analysis when?
Objective and moral good are two different things.
Objective reality doesn't exist.
Objectively speaking, the best music came out between when I was born and when I turned 30.
Objects in mirror are closer than they appear.
Objects in mirror may be closer than they appear.
Objects in space are like the Eiffel Tower. If one hasn't visited the Eiffel Tower yet, doesn't it exist?
Objects in the mirror are closer than they appear.
Objects of the preposition are always a what?
Obligation means to be unable not to do something because of material necessity, practical need, moral law, or the imposition of someone else's desires.
Obligations for operating activities are:
Obliterate them!
Oblivia knows a good deal less than she thinks.
Obscenity is whatever happens to shock some elderly and ignorant magistrate.
Obscurity is by no means a proof of deep thought.
Obsequious people make me feel uncomfortable.
Observant Jews are so similar to Muslims.
Observant Jews don't eat pork.
Observant Jews hold on to their religion.
Observant Jews stay away from pork.
Observant Muslims don't eat pork.
Observant Muslims need to fast.
Observation is a passive science, experimentation an active science.
Observations collected around the world provide significant, clear, and compelling evidence that global average temperature is much higher, and is rising more rapidly, than anything modern civilization has experienced, with widespread and growing impacts.
Observations of Eris have led scientists to believe that it has frozen methane on its surface.
Observations of Mars, Venus, and Titan reveal a series of thin channels that lead to larger channels. Although now dry, these channels could have once been river systems.
Observe Ziri's reaction.
Observe all warnings, precautions and instructions.
Observe and you'll see better!
Observe as much as you want.
Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all.
Observe his facial reaction when we mention a price.
Observe the cleanliness of the house.
Observe the firmament.
Observe the master.
Observe the masters.
Observe the rules!
Observe the speed limit.
Observe the speed limits!
Observe the structures of native English and draw your conclusions.
Observe the swimming of fish in the water and you will understand the flight of birds in the air.
Observe the tree behind which your mother is sitting.
Observe them.
Observe things.
Observe what's occurring.
Observe where he has risen.
Observe your cat carefully. If you do so, you'll get to know your cat well.
Observe your guinea pig's behavior for any changes or abnormalities.
Observe.
Observers agree the monumental achievement was made possible by global unity and cooperation, in which even the U.S. and Russia collaborated during the height of the Cold War.
Observers generally describe the method as leading to a quick and peaceful death.
Observers note that animals don’t conform to human labels.
Observers predict low turnout among a disaffected electorate squeezed by a deep economic crisis.
Observers say the airport's reopening is a major step forward in a fragile peace process in the conflict which has been grinding on for the past seven years.
Observers say the postponement was the latest in a series of moves by the government in recent days to thwart the pro-democracy movement.
Observing ironies and funny aspects of different situations improved his perspective on life.
Observing with the Hubble telescope, astronomers have refined their calculation for the universe’s expansion rate and discovered the existence of a force called dark energy, which is causing the universe to expand faster and faster as time goes on.
Obsidian comes from volcanoes.
Obsidian is an igneous rock.
Obsidian is translucent.
Obstacles will not disappear if you ignore them.
Obstetric care in crisis as the number of obstetricians continues to fall.
Obstetric care is in crisis as the number of obstetricians continues to fall.
Obstetric fistula is a hole between the vagina and rectum or bladder that is caused by prolonged obstructed labor, leaving a woman incontinent; unable to control the flow of her urine or her feces.
Obstetric fistula is a pregnancy-related disability caused by prolonged, obstructed labor.
Obstetricians also bear a high risk of suits.
Obstetrics deals with pregnancy, childbirth, and the postpartum period.
Obstetrics is in crisis as the number of obstetricians continues to fall.
Obstfeld and his colleagues are also worried that efforts to stimulate economic recovery from the 2008 recession, such as low interest rates and massive purchases of bonds, are now ending. They put the current global growth rate at 2.9 percent, and say this moment of good growth is the time to make changes in tax and other policies that will help economies weather inevitable future downturns.
Obstructions near doors can impede people in an emergency.
Obviously I agree that you should advance in life through your own efforts.
Obviously I can translate that, since I strongly believe that everything is translatable, even what is untranslatable; and what the brain cannot translate - maybe the heart can.
Obviously I don't mean it literally.
Obviously I made a mistake.
Obviously I'll go.
Obviously I'm biased.
Obviously Tom was a rich person.
Obviously a normal woman would lose interest if she saw a book like that!
Obviously emotions are high.
Obviously he is wrong.
Obviously he isn't dependable!
Obviously he speaks English, but he can even speak Spanish.
Obviously in my case it's like this.
Obviously it interests me, but sometimes I'm just tired.
Obviously my dogs will protect you!
Obviously not!
Obviously she didn't say that.
Obviously she didn't want to answer the question.
Obviously that isn't true.
Obviously that wasn't true.
Obviously that's different for men and women.
Obviously that’s different for men and women.
Obviously the Republicans are scared to death of the voters.
Obviously the adjustment was hard.
Obviously the teacher can understand both English and French.
Obviously there are many variations between these two extremes.
Obviously there's been some kind of mistake.
Obviously there's been some type of mistake.
Obviously they had a lot to say to each other.
Obviously this is a mistake.
Obviously wash your face, but you must also take care of your appearance before assembling here.
Obviously we are all different.
Obviously we have to figure out what we should do next.
Obviously we will help but please remember that what decides it in the end is your zeal.
Obviously you are strong.
Obviously you love cooking.
Obviously!
Obviously, "good" is subjective.
Obviously, I can't force you to do something you don't want to do.
Obviously, I knew that that was going to happen.
Obviously, I knew that was going to happen.
Obviously, I like beer.
Obviously, I wanted to win, too.
Obviously, I was a little shocked.
Obviously, I was mistaken.
Obviously, I was scared.
Obviously, I was very shocked.
Obviously, I'd love to be in Boston.
Obviously, Matthew cannot drive.
Obviously, Rodrigo had anger issues.
Obviously, Tom and Mary are very excited about this.
Obviously, Tom and Mary are very intelligent.
Obviously, Tom and Mary are very rich.
Obviously, Tom and Mary aren't doing that very well.
Obviously, Tom and Mary aren't interested.
Obviously, Tom and Mary don't like doing that.
Obviously, Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Obviously, Tom and Mary haven't told anybody about us yet.
Obviously, Tom and Mary haven't told anyone about us yet.
Obviously, Tom and Mary haven't told anyone about what happened.
Obviously, Tom and Mary need help.
Obviously, Tom and Mary trust you.
Obviously, Tom and Mary were right.
Obviously, Tom and Mary won't agree.
Obviously, Tom didn't have any proof.
Obviously, Tom didn't know how to do that.
Obviously, Tom didn't need to go.
Obviously, Tom didn't want to go.
Obviously, Tom doesn't have any proof.
Obviously, Tom doesn't know what he's doing.
Obviously, Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
Obviously, Tom doesn't like doing that.
Obviously, Tom doesn't want to do that.
Obviously, Tom had a lot on his mind, but I had no choice but to ask him to spend some time helping us with our problems.
Obviously, Tom had no proof.
Obviously, Tom has no proof.
Obviously, Tom has talent.
Obviously, Tom hasn't told anyone about us yet.
Obviously, Tom hasn't told anyone about what happened.
Obviously, Tom is much better than me.
Obviously, Tom is sick.
Obviously, Tom is talented.
Obviously, Tom is very excited about this.
Obviously, Tom is very intelligent.
Obviously, Tom is very rich.
Obviously, Tom is wrong.
Obviously, Tom isn't Mary's type.
Obviously, Tom isn't doing that very well.
Obviously, Tom isn't interested.
Obviously, Tom knows what he's doing.
Obviously, Tom needs help.
Obviously, Tom was lying.
Obviously, Tom was right.
Obviously, Tom was wrong.
Obviously, Vladimir won the contest.
Obviously, William cried again.
Obviously, competing directly with the behemoths is not really feasible.
Obviously, he can do what he wants with his money.
Obviously, he can do whatever he wants with his money.
Obviously, he is lying.
Obviously, he is to blame.
Obviously, he speaks other foreign languages besides Esperanto.
Obviously, he's not that kind of person.
Obviously, he’s not that kind of person.
Obviously, his companions were jealous of his wealth.
Obviously, it was a disease that could be contracted by contact.
Obviously, it was a mistake.
Obviously, it's a big relief.
Obviously, it's not working.
Obviously, it's time to leave.
Obviously, kids have a right to healthcare just as adults do.
Obviously, she's sick.
Obviously, someone is lying.
Obviously, something bad has happened.
Obviously, something is bothering you.
Obviously, something went wrong.
Obviously, such arguments are preposterous.
Obviously, that didn't happen.
Obviously, that story was made up.
Obviously, that was a lie.
Obviously, that was a mistake.
Obviously, the bus is late.
Obviously, the server load will increase as a result.
Obviously, the students who studied hard for the exam did much better than those who didn't prepare.
Obviously, the theorem is true for finite sets.
Obviously, there was a problem of some sort.
Obviously, there's a problem.
Obviously, there's been some kind of mistake.
Obviously, they are jealous of his wealth and status.
Obviously, this cannot be the work of one person. This is why Tatoeba is collaborative.
Obviously, this is difficult for me.
Obviously, this is no longer true.
Obviously, this isn't a coincidence.
Obviously, today is a great day!
Obviously, we arrived too late.
Obviously, we can never do that.
Obviously, we did something wrong.
Obviously, we don't know if those thermos flasks are their own.
Obviously, we got there too late.
Obviously, we have some work to do.
Obviously, we have work to do.
Obviously, what Robert said made no sense.
Obviously, winning is better than losing.
Obviously, you don't understand.
Obviously, you need help.
Obviously, you need my help.
Obviously, you needed some help.
Obviously, you think I'm a beginner.
Obviously, you volunteered.
Obviously, you were misinformed.
Obviously, you were right.
Obviously, you're wrong.
Obviously, you've changed your mind.
Obviously.
Occasional rainstorms in the region leave thousands of families homeless each year.
Occasional showers are possible tomorrow.
Occasionally I play golf.
Occasionally a dog will back up, but usually dogs operate in a forward gear.
Occasionally one must forget about work.
Occasionally there are earthquakes in South Carolina.
Occasionally, I do that.
Occasionally, Robert's dog would bark at passing cars.
Occasionally, Ziri still talks about that story.
Occasionally, an infection can get so bad that it leads to death.
Occasionally, things don't go as planned.
Occasionally, wondrous texts were included.
Occitan is the language of "yes".
Occitan isn't a dialect of French.
Occitan speakers have a right to keep their language and culture.
Occupational stability is of great concern to recently graduated students.
Occupied!
Occupying powers never consider an insurgency's cause to be valid.
Ocean acidification is affecting the entire world’s oceans, including coastal estuaries and waterways.
Ocean acidification occurs when seawater absorbs carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. Carbon dioxide is released into the air by burning fossil fuels, like oil and coal. That makes the ocean more acidic, which harms shellfish, other marine life and plants.
Ocean acidification refers to a reduction in the pH of the ocean over an extended period of time, caused primarily by uptake of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.
Ocean currents, the upwelling of cold water from the deep ocean, winds, movements of heat and freshwater, and Earth’s gravitational pull all play a role in moving water masses around.
Ocean heat is at record levels and sea level increases continue unabated.
Ocean pollution is becoming a burning issue, as the fish populations rapidly decline.
Ocean research was pioneered by voyages of exploration.
Ocean water freezes at a lower temperature than freshwater.
Ocean water freezes just like freshwater, but at lower temperatures.
Ocean waters are becoming warmer and more acidic, broadly affecting ocean circulation, chemistry, ecosystems, and marine life. More acidic waters inhibit the formation of shells, skeletons, and coral reefs.
Oceanfront houses bore the brunt of the huge waves whipped up by the storm.
Oceania is the smallest continent in the world.
Oceanic and atmospheric Rossby waves — also known as planetary waves — naturally occur largely due to the Earth's rotation. These waves affect the planet's weather and climate.
Oceanographers study the ocean.
Oceanography was pioneered by voyages of exploration.
Oceans are currently absorbing more than a quarter of the carbon dioxide emitted to the atmosphere annually by human activities, increasing their acidity.
Oceans are expected to rise by 50 centimeters by the end of the next century.
Oceans cover over 70% of Earth's surface.
Oceans do not so much divide the world as unite it.
Octal paid a large grant for the researchers to carry out some market research.
October 12th is a national holiday.
October 1st is Citizen's Day.
October 20 was the day Tom found a little squirrel injured in the garden and started nursing it back to health. It was the start of a long friendship.
October 20 was the day Tom found his little squirrel injured in the garden and started nursing it back to health.
October 20, 2014 was a Monday.
October 20th is 13 days from now.
October 20th is Tom's birthday.
October 20th is a Monday.
October 20th is a day that will live in infamy because that's the day I became a Canadian taxi driver.
October 20th is coming up fast. Are you ready?
October 20th is my birthday.
October 20th is my real birthday.
October 20th is our anniversary.
October 20th is the deadline.
October 20th was Tom's birthday.
October 20th was a busy day.
October 20th was a hot day.
October 20th was a rainy day.
October 20th was my birthday.
October 20th was quite a day.
October is Tom's favorite month, and perhaps mine, too.
October is Tom's favorite month.
October is a busy month.
October is coming to an end.
October is my favorite month.
October is one of the most pleasant months to visit Japan.
October is over.
October is pretty busy for me.
October is still three months away.
October is still three months from now.
October is still three months off.
October is the tenth month of the year.
October is too early.
October is too late.
October isn't so far off.
October twentieth is Tom's birthday.
October twentieth was Tom's birthday.
October twentieth was thirteen days ago.
October was a beautiful month at Green Gables, when the birches in the hollow turned as golden as sunshine and the maples behind the orchard were royal crimson and the wild cherry trees along the lane put on the loveliest shades of dark red and bronzy green.
October was a busy month.
October was worse.
Octopi live in the sea.
Octopus Paul was right.
Octopuses and squid aren't the only animals with tentacles.
Octopuses are blue-blooded.
Octopuses have eight arms.
Octopuses have three hearts.
Octopuses use coconut shells as portable shelters.
Odd numbers alternate with even ones.
Odd numbers are not divisible by two.
Odd vases made by his own hand from the clay of the region held beautiful tropical flowers.
Odd, isn't it? We should have already arrived.
Odd, isn't it? We should've already arrived.
Odd, isn’t it? We should have already arrived.
Odd-numbered routes ran north-south and even-numbered routes ran east-west.
Oddball sentences can help grammar and vocabulary stick in people's minds because they're memorable.
Oddly enough, Tom was right.
Oddly enough, he insisted on his innocence.
Oddly enough, his peculiar behaviour didn't seem at all weird to me at first; well, maybe it did seem a bit strange.
Oddly enough, the door was open.
Oddly, I've been watching a lot of telenovelas this fall.
Oddly, I’ve been watching a lot of telenovelas this fall.
Oddly, Yanni knew all about the topic Skura talked about.
Oddly, she had suddenly disappeared.
Oddly, there aren't many myths about mussels.
Odds are against that happening.
Odds are it'll rain tomorrow.
Odds are that won't happen.
Odds are you'll have fun.
Oden-Bella began collecting used cooking oil in 2014 to convert into cleaning products. It's now a business that produces 165 kilograms of soap and two tons of liquid detergent per month.
Odessa and Sebastopol are seaports on the Black Sea.
Odette fell in love with Prince Siegfried.
Odette rescued the injured flamingo.
Odette was born in Nantes in 1905.
Odors can affect social interactions.
Odysseus and Morpheus are pronounced, with perfect regularity, like Zeus.
Odysseus had himself bound to the mast, asking not to be untied until the Sirens were out of earshot.
Odysseus wandered among the Greek islands for a long time.
Odysseus, where have you been these past twenty years?
Oedipus had answered the riddle correctly!
Oedipus thought for a long while.
Oedipus' destiny was fulfilled: to kill his own father and marry his mother.
Oedipus' father was Laius, king of Thebes.
Of Native Canada, my favourite languages are Haida, Inuktitut, and Cree.
Of Native Mexico, my favourite languages are Classical Nahuatl and Yucatec Maya.
Of Ursula K. Le Guin's writings, I favour Always Coming Home, in which people live like Native Indians in Northern California in the far future, and her Earthsea series, a magical archipelagic world, where there are brown people. Publishers market her stories as sci-fi.
Of a rich man who was niggardly he said, "That man does not own his estate, but his estate owns him."
Of a truth, the only way to heaven leadeth through the narrow entrance of this cave,—and I alone have found it!
Of a visiting engineer, the young son of his Russian host said, "He knows all the hard words, but not the easy ones."
Of all Semitic languages, Phoenician is one of the most closely related to Hebrew.
Of all affirmative answers, the simplest one is yes.
Of all animals, I like dogs best.
Of all classes, the rich are the most noticed and the least studied.
Of all clean beasts take seven and seven, the male and the female. But of the beasts that are unclean two and two, the male and the female. Of the fowls also of the air seven and seven, the male and the female: that seed may be saved upon the face of the whole earth.
Of all diseases, love is definitely the healthiest.
Of all ghosts the ghosts of our old lovers are the worst.
Of all good properties, God is the entity that has the most of it. Existence is a good property. Hence, God is the entity that is the most existent of all.
Of all human species these bat-like Flying Men, the Seventh Men, were probably the most care-free. Gifted with harmonious physique and gay temperament, they came into a social heritage well adapted to their nature.
Of all languages, what's the most difficult?
Of all my friends, Tom was the only one who supported me when I needed it most.
Of all my friends, he is the best.
Of all my friends, he is the closest.
Of all my various linguistic knowledge, maybe Japanese Kana glyphs are what I cherish most.
Of all of us, Tom had the craziest sense of humor.
Of all of us, we are the best.
Of all people, he deserves to be paid better.
Of all places to meet you!
Of all pleasures, the sweetest is to see oneself praised by those that everybody is praising.
Of all the Globish mistakes that I encounter on a day-to-day basis, I must say that referring to a person with the pronoun "it" really takes the cake.
Of all the Northern Berber dialects, Kabyle and Shenwa are closely related and mutually intelligible.
Of all the books published recently, only a few are worth reading.
Of all the changes the COVID Pandemic has forced on the world, the sense of isolation can be one of the most challenging.
Of all the children, he's the one who counts the fastest.
Of all the countries I've visited, I liked Australia the best.
Of all the countries that you've visited, which is your favorite?
Of all the countries that you've visited, which was your favorite?
Of all the countries you've been to, which did you like the best?
Of all the countries you've visited, which is your favorite?
Of all the countries you've visited, which was your favorite?
Of all the essays I read today, I thought that this one was the most interesting.
Of all the essays I read today, I thought this one was the most interesting.
Of all the events, women's gymnastics is projected to be the most popular with American viewers.
Of all the famous baseball players, he stands out as a genius.
Of all the features that attract home buyers, location is probably the most important.
Of all the films I rented, this is the only one worth seeing.
Of all the flowers that bloom in spring, I particularly like the cherry blossom and dogwood.
Of all the forms of government, democracy is the least bad.
Of all the girls, why Rima?
Of all the houses we've looked at, this one is by far the best.
Of all the houses we’ve looked at, this one is by far the best.
Of all the hundreds of songs Trinh wrote, “The Great Circle of Vietnam,” which envisions people holding hands in a circle large enough to encompass his nation, may be the most significant.
Of all the jams, strawberry jam is my favorite.
Of all the jobs I've ever had, this is the worst.
Of all the languages I've studied, French was the easiest.
Of all the languages I've studied, French was the hardest.
Of all the languages I've studied, French was the most difficult.
Of all the many millions of things that I might do, the things that are worth doing are but a paltry few.
Of all the men that I dislike, my husband is certainly the one that I prefer.
Of all the movies I rented, this is the only one worth watching.
Of all the mysteries of the stock exchange there is none so impenetrable as why there should be a buyer for everyone who seeks to sell.
Of all the options, why did this have to be the reference?
Of all the passengers on the plane, Tom was the only one to survive.
Of all the pears I've eaten until now, this one is the most delicious.
Of all the people of the Mediterranean region, Algerians are perhaps the craziest and most unpredictable. Never mess with an Algerian unless you're crazy and don't know what you're doing.
Of all the peoples of Gaul, the Belgae are the most valiant.
Of all the personages whose marvelous doings once filled the minds of men, he alone survives. He has outlived all the great gods, and all the impressive and poetic conceptions which once flitted between heaven and earth; these have gone, but Santa Claus remains by virtue of a common understanding that childhood shall not be despoiled of one of its most cherished beliefs.
Of all the phrases I have tried to contribute to the Tatoeba project, only those written in Portuguese can have any value, because Portuguese is my only mother tongue.
Of all the places I've been, Alaska is the most beautiful.
Of all the places I’ve been, Alaska is the most beautiful.
Of all the possible reasons, he chose the least expected one.
Of all the preposterous assumptions of humanity over humanity, nothing exceeds most of the criticisms made on the habits of the poor by the well-housed, well- warmed, and well-fed.
Of all the principles he once stood fast on.
Of all the pupils, she is the fastest at arithmetic.
Of all the silly ideas!
Of all the subjects at school, he found maths the hardest.
Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most.
Of all the things Tom did last weekend, he says that windsurfing was the most fun.
Of all the ways of defining man, the worst is the one which makes him out to be a rational animal.
Of all the witches that may be found in all the fairy tales ever told there is none more delightfully sociable than the Sand Witch. This Witch, who lives underneath the heaps of sand at the ocean's edge, where, in the summertime, you dig with your shovel, is not at all like other witches. She never rides on a broomstick, and she never goes down chimneys. In the first place there are no broomsticks or chimneys on the beach at the sea-shore, and in the second place she would not know how to ride on a broomstick or climb down a chimney, if there were. All the Sand Witch knows how to do is to sink into the sand when anything scares her, and to come up through the sand when she sees a chance to get acquainted with a person she never was acquainted with before. So now you know what a Sand Witch is. And if Junior Jenks, seven years old, and dreadfully sunburnt, had known what you know, he would have been much better prepared to face the one that came up right under his nose all of a sudden one hot July morning.
Of all the women he saw, however, the one who, to his mind, suited him best of all, was a widow of about his own age with two daughters of her own, and she, he thought, besides being a good housekeeper, would be a kind foster mother to his little Vasilissa.
Of all the women, my mother cooks the best.
Of all the world's athletes who had gathered in Daegu, surely Bolt was the one who attracted the most attention.
Of all these books, this is by far the best on China.
Of all these cakes I like this one best.
Of all these cakes, I like this one best.
Of all these cakes, I like this one the best.
Of all these pens, only two still work.
Of all things, don't do that!
Of all things, why did he give me a hat for my birthday? I don't wear a hat.
Of all things, why did he give me a hat for my birthday? I don’t wear a hat.
Of any stranger, wisemen are suspicious.
Of arms I sing, and of the man, whom Fate / first drove from Troy to the Lavinian shore.
Of children we demand that they tell the truth, but why exactly of children?
Of contemporary literature, philosophy and politics he appeared to know next to nothing.
Of course "Hayabusa" is not actually closing in on the Sun, it is just positioned as in the figure so that, seen from the Earth, it is on the opposite side of the Sun; this is called 'conjunction'.
Of course "Hayabusa" is not actually closing in on the Sun, it is just positioned as in the figure so that, seen from the Earth, it is on the opposite side of the Sun; this is called ’conjunction’.
Of course Antonio was right, but even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Of course Darwin, like many of his contemporaries, wished to be seen as following the Newtonian method.
Of course Donald was still mad at Jessica.
Of course I accepted his offer of support.
Of course I accepted.
Of course I agree.
Of course I am aware of that.
Of course I apologised, saying that the first appointment had priority.
Of course I believe you.
Of course I can drive a car very well.
Of course I can't answer all kinds of questions.
Of course I can't force you to do anything you don't want to do.
Of course I could have gone, but I didn't feel like it.
Of course I did that.
Of course I didn't do that.
Of course I didn't mean to kiss you. I just wanted to see how you'd react.
Of course I do things better than everyone else around me, what a silly question!
Of course I don't charge children as much as I charge adults.
Of course I don't think that.
Of course I dropped everything and set out for the North once more.
Of course I forgave you.
Of course I forgive you.
Of course I have feelings for Layla.
Of course I have heard about Islam.
Of course I have made a reservation.
Of course I know a better way than you do.
Of course I know better than everyone else around me, that's too plain obvious!
Of course I know the situation outside here!
Of course I know who he is! He's an incredibly smart boy.
Of course I let him do it since he's my friend.
Of course I like ballet.
Of course I like baseball.
Of course I like basketball.
Of course I like boxing.
Of course I like bungee jumping.
Of course I like dogs.
Of course I like fishing.
Of course I like football.
Of course I like golf.
Of course I like handball.
Of course I like hunting.
Of course I like it.
Of course I like judo.
Of course I like karate.
Of course I like shooting.
Of course I like soccer.
Of course I like spear fishing.
Of course I like tennis.
Of course I like volleyball.
Of course I like you.
Of course I love Kabyle music.
Of course I love her!
Of course I love her.
Of course I love him!
Of course I love him.
Of course I love you!
Of course I love you.
Of course I recognize you. We were close friends at elementary school!
Of course I remember her.
Of course I remember it!
Of course I remember that scene.
Of course I remember the news quite well.
Of course I remember them.
Of course I remember you! We used to be best friends when we went to elementary school!
Of course I remember you, we used to be best friends when we went at elementary school!
Of course I remember you.
Of course I remember you. We were good friends at primary school!
Of course I saw Fadil.
Of course I should read this book.
Of course I think of you.
Of course I totally agree with you that something should be done about that, but I don't know to what extent your plan is realistic.
Of course I understand.
Of course I want a sandwich!
Of course I want to become Muslim.
Of course I want to catch up!
Of course I want to convert to Islam.
Of course I want to marry you, but I need some more time.
Of course I was joking.
Of course I was pleased to hear this. I had always been pretty sharp in the office, but I had never dreamed that I was talked about in the City in this fashion.
Of course I was right. When am I not!?
Of course I will be a good student.
Of course I will go to France sometime, except that I don't know when.
Of course I will go to France sometime, it's just that I don't know when.
Of course I will go.
Of course I will join your crew.
Of course I won't smoke in the dining car.
Of course I wouldn't let that happen.
Of course I'll be there to keep you company.
Of course I'll come and pick you up when your course has finished.
Of course I'll go.
Of course I'll help you.
Of course I'll wait.
Of course I'll write the letter in English.
Of course I'm Algerian.
Of course I'm biased, but Lojban really is quite good.
Of course I'm going to the party.
Of course I'm kidding!
Of course I'm out of touch; I'm almost 40.
Of course I'm proud to be Egyptian.
Of course I'm right!
Of course I'm tired.
Of course I’ll help you.
Of course I’ll wait.
Of course I’m kidding!
Of course Jon Stewart is America's most trusted anchor now—even our real news is a farce!
Of course Jon Stewart is America’s most trusted anchor nowâ€”even our real news is a farce!
Of course Jon Stewart is the most trusted anchor in the United States now—even our real news is a farce!
Of course Kabyles are Muslim.
Of course Kabylie is Muslim.
Of course Muslims kiss their wives.
Of course Sami cares.
Of course Tom can play tennis.
Of course Tom didn't come.
Of course Tom doesn't want to serve God and money as well.
Of course Tom isn't going anywhere.
Of course Tom was encouraging the riot — him and his cadre of drunken, deluded sycophants.
Of course Tom will be late.
Of course Tom will go.
Of course Tom would say that.
Of course Yanni has a job.
Of course Yanni likes Skura.
Of course Ziri forgave Rima. How couldn't he?
Of course Ziri got kicked out.
Of course Ziri is ready.
Of course Ziri is right.
Of course Ziri knows who Rima is.
Of course a solid body may exist.
Of course adults can acquire a native-like accent. Opera singers and actors do it all the time.
Of course anyone who truly loves books buys more of them than he or she can hope to read in one fleeting lifetime. A good book, resting unopened in its slot on a shelf, full of majestic potentiality, is the most comforting sort of intellectual wallpaper.
Of course chlorine can be very toxic.
Of course conspiracies do happen, but that doesn't mean what you're talking about is happening.
Of course conspiracies do happen, but what you're talking about is absurd.
Of course every religion has its own rules.
Of course everyone loves french fries.
Of course he hoped for success. But in reality it turned out to be no good at all.
Of course he knows.
Of course he lied.
Of course he passed the test.
Of course he speaks French. He is from Burkina Faso.
Of course he thought it was a joke and let it slide with a "hm?" but he was seriously annoyed. I mean, just don't say things like that even as a joke!
Of course he thought it was a joke and let it slide with a "hm?" but he was seriously annoyed. I mean, just don’t say things like that even as a joke!
Of course he understands Serbian; he's Croatian.
Of course he was familiar with jazz.
Of course he'll be late.
Of course he's a trafficker; he openly admits to viewing women as property.
Of course he's coming to the party!
Of course he's innocent.
Of course he's lying.
Of course he's still the same fascist he's always been.
Of course it doesn't work you lunkhead, you've not plugged it in!
Of course it isn't true.
Of course it should be.
Of course it's a good thing when someone learning a foreign language tries to use it without fear of making mistakes, but I don't think much of people without sufficient ability producing language learning material of poor quality.
Of course it's a joke!
Of course it's difficult to gain access to the Prime Minister.
Of course it's her.
Of course it's mine.
Of course it's not a problem if you go.
Of course it's not true.
Of course it's true.
Of course it’s a joke!
Of course it’s difficult to gain access to the Prime Minister.
Of course my glasses were next to your bed.
Of course not you; you're a woman — almost.
Of course not!
Of course not, darling.
Of course not, my dear.
Of course not.
Of course not. That is quite impossible.
Of course our lifestyle is different from America.
Of course our lifestyle is different from the one in America.
Of course sex ed should teach gay teens how to have safe anal sex.
Of course sex ed should teach gay teens how to have safe anal sex. Sex ed is about reducing harm.
Of course she can speak English.
Of course she knows English.
Of course she needs make up and dress up before going out.
Of course she passed the test.
Of course she'll pass the entrance exam.
Of course she'll pass the entrance examination.
Of course she's waiting for me.
Of course that's the way it is!
Of course that's why I broke up with Ziri.
Of course the thought crossed my mind.
Of course the wound hasn't healed. Remember that it was made by a leech, and those little creatures carry anticoagulants.
Of course there should be local hospitals.
Of course there were several hundred boats moving around on the water but not just any old one would do.
Of course there'll be a need for it!
Of course there'll be a need for them!
Of course there's a Santa Claus.
Of course there's a sentence for that.
Of course there's no such thing as yokai. You're such an idiot.
Of course there's reason to come.
Of course they are mine.
Of course they didn't tell you about that.
Of course they lied.
Of course they resemble each other in some ways.
Of course they're fascists.
Of course this is also possible.
Of course this is my real family name. Here's my passport.
Of course this phrase is only used by older people.
Of course under capitalism you can buy and sell anything, even pollution.
Of course we are concerned about those animals that live in the river itself, such as hippos and crocodiles, and a whole host of small biota.
Of course we didn't mean that.
Of course we have a lightning rod.
Of course we know that we will get old.
Of course we would help you.
Of course we'd help you!
Of course we'd help you.
Of course we'll go with you.
Of course we'll help you!
Of course we'll help you.
Of course we're going to make it.
Of course yes!
Of course you are right. You are the Russian speaker. As for me, this Russian, these are the remains that I kept from my stay in Moscow and Novomoskosk, in 1977. And that I learned in the street, after all.
Of course you are.
Of course you can borrow my pen.
Of course you can do that.
Of course you can see Algeria from space.
Of course you can stay.
Of course you can take it if you want.
Of course you can trust me. Have I ever given you a bum steer before?
Of course you can use it when I'm not. I'm not a capitalist.
Of course you can't say that it's worth nothing because it isn't perfect, so that doesn't mean that GTD is useless.
Of course you can.
Of course you can’t say that it’s worth nothing because it isn’t perfect, so that doesn’t mean that GTD is useless.
Of course you don't get offended, Tom.
Of course you don't see yourself that way. You're a special boy.
Of course you have the right to talk about Western Sahara.
Of course you have to get married son; who will cook for you?
Of course you have to pay! What did you think?
Of course you have to pay. What did you think?
Of course you understand.
Of course you'll catch a cold if you fall asleep under the kotatsu. You have to learn to take care of yourself.
Of course you're the one providing, go!
Of course your Kabyle dress is fantastic.
Of course you’ll catch a cold if you fall asleep under the kotatsu. You have to learn to take care of yourself.
Of course!
Of course! After having talked about it so often, you can't forget it.
Of course! Fill your boots! Eat as much as you want. There's another cake waiting in the cellar.
Of course! How didn't I think of this?
Of course! What can I do?
Of course! Why didn't I think of that before?
Of course, BTS is not the first or only K-pop group to see success in the United States. In 2009, the girl group Wonder Girls was the first K-pop act to make the Billboard Hot 100.
Of course, David wants the scholarship.
Of course, Doctor Watson, this is strictly between ourselves.
Of course, Felix didn't believe Sandra.
Of course, I always lose.
Of course, I am a little sad to leave this city, where I have lived for many years.
Of course, I can jump higher.
Of course, I can speak French.
Of course, I can't tell Tom.
Of course, I can't tell her.
Of course, I can't tell him.
Of course, I can't tell them.
Of course, I could be wrong.
Of course, I could've searched online for the meaning of that expression, but I'd prefer to ask you.
Of course, I did that.
Of course, I didn't choose this life.
Of course, I didn't do that.
Of course, I didn't need it.
Of course, I didn't tell Tom.
Of course, I didn't tell her.
Of course, I didn't tell him.
Of course, I didn't tell them.
Of course, I didn't want to lose.
Of course, I do not want to die. But to be alive is painful as well.
Of course, I don't believe that.
Of course, I don't hate you.
Of course, I don't need it.
Of course, I don't understand the Berber language.
Of course, I feel guilty.
Of course, I forgave Tom.
Of course, I forgive Tom.
Of course, I forgive you.
Of course, I had a good time.
Of course, I have a plan.
Of course, I have feelings for Tom.
Of course, I have my own copy.
Of course, I have to tell Tom.
Of course, I have to tell her.
Of course, I have to tell him.
Of course, I have to tell them.
Of course, I haven't seen all marijuana users. But marijuana use causes temporary stupidity. Everyone knows that.
Of course, I kept my promise.
Of course, I knew about it.
Of course, I knew it was dangerous.
Of course, I know what you mean.
Of course, I know who you are.
Of course, I learnt about China from textbooks when I was in Japan, but what I see for myself in China is completely different from what is described in those textbooks.
Of course, I may be wrong.
Of course, I remember Tom.
Of course, I remember her.
Of course, I remember him.
Of course, I remember it.
Of course, I remember them.
Of course, I remember you.
Of course, I rest on Saturdays.
Of course, I saw Tom.
Of course, I set the alarm.
Of course, I should have known this was going to happen.
Of course, I should've known this was going to happen.
Of course, I stayed to help.
Of course, I told Tom.
Of course, I told her.
Of course, I told him.
Of course, I told them.
Of course, I understand.
Of course, I want one of those.
Of course, I want to do it.
Of course, I want to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba, but I've got other pending tasks.
Of course, I was expecting it.
Of course, I was having a good time.
Of course, I was scared.
Of course, I welcome advice taken from your experience!
Of course, I will be at the party.
Of course, I will go there with you.
Of course, I wouldn't tell Tom that.
Of course, I'd rather win than lose, but it won't bother me much if I lose.
Of course, I'll be at the party.
Of course, I'll be there for you.
Of course, I'll be there.
Of course, I'll come back.
Of course, I'll do my best.
Of course, I'll do that.
Of course, I'll fix that.
Of course, I'll forgive Tom.
Of course, I'll go there with you.
Of course, I'll go with you.
Of course, I'll help you.
Of course, I'll help.
Of course, I'll keep my promise.
Of course, I'll marry you.
Of course, I'll take care of you.
Of course, I'm concerned.
Of course, I'm denying it.
Of course, I'm disappointed.
Of course, I'm frustrated.
Of course, I'm going to do that.
Of course, I'm going to help Tom.
Of course, I'm joking.
Of course, I'm proud of my children.
Of course, I'm serious! Is it not written on my face?
Of course, I'm thinking about it.
Of course, I'm tired.
Of course, I'm young, and politics is conducted by grown-ups.
Of course, I've heard of it.
Of course, I’m young, and politics is conducted by grown-ups.
Of course, Jessica is not a real mermaid.
Of course, Labour under Keir Starmer is just a Tory clone.
Of course, Layla didn't deserve to die in this appalling way.
Of course, Tom and Mary are wrong.
Of course, Tom and Mary were invited.
Of course, Tom and Mary were there.
Of course, Tom can do that.
Of course, Tom can speak French.
Of course, Tom denied everything.
Of course, Tom denied that.
Of course, Tom doesn't mean that.
Of course, Tom doesn't remember.
Of course, Tom goes to school.
Of course, Tom had a choice.
Of course, Tom is angry.
Of course, Tom is lying.
Of course, Tom is waiting for me.
Of course, Tom is wrong.
Of course, Tom knew about it.
Of course, Tom loves his children.
Of course, Tom loves his kids.
Of course, Tom loves his own children.
Of course, Tom missed his father.
Of course, Tom shouldn't have done that.
Of course, Tom was invited.
Of course, Tom was there.
Of course, Tom will help us.
Of course, Tom won't remember.
Of course, Tom won.
Of course, Tom would never admit that.
Of course, Tom would never do that.
Of course, a license is needed to operate a crane.
Of course, all the motorways were chock-full on Sunday.
Of course, all the motorways were congested on Sunday.
Of course, an acrobat must have a perfect sense of balance.
Of course, another explanation of this situation is that Chinese is harder to learn than English.
Of course, being motivated helps.
Of course, dear, I shall respect you in the morning. What did you say your name is?
Of course, everybody wants to win.
Of course, everyone wants to win.
Of course, go ahead.
Of course, he can come to Kabylie.
Of course, he is right.
Of course, how could I say no?
Of course, how could they not be happy!
Of course, innocent people were released.
Of course, it didn't happen.
Of course, it didn't stop there.
Of course, it didn't work out.
Of course, it mustn't stay like that.
Of course, it was all my fault.
Of course, it was disappointing.
Of course, it was your fault.
Of course, it wasn't intentional or done with any sort of awareness.
Of course, it's a joke.
Of course, it's about the money.
Of course, it's different now.
Of course, it's important.
Of course, it's nonsense.
Of course, it's not all bad.
Of course, it's not that simple.
Of course, it's not true.
Of course, it's possible.
Of course, it's ridiculous.
Of course, learning Klingon is silly.
Of course, magnets have a magnetic field around them.
Of course, many senior citizens are happy with retirement.
Of course, money is important to a certain extent, but life is not about money. I think that you do not understand it.
Of course, my sons stay awake until 1am on New Year's Eve.
Of course, neither goods nor mailing fee returned.
Of course, new technologies can't be stopped.
Of course, not everyone was equal in communism either.
Of course, plesiosaurs were able to swim.
Of course, proceed.
Of course, recognizing our common humanity is only the beginning of our task.
Of course, she accepted the invitation.
Of course, she was right in the middle.
Of course, that was just an excuse.
Of course, that was what Tom and Mary were suggesting.
Of course, that was what Tom was suggesting.
Of course, that's just me.
Of course, that's just the first step.
Of course, that's not the case.
Of course, that’s just me.
Of course, the answer is yes.
Of course, the long-term goal of a study like this is the possibility of treating human disease. Goldman says he is optimistic that in the future this type of treatment might be helpful in treating a variety of myelin-related diseases, such as cerebral palsy and multiple sclerosis.
Of course, the neighbourhood was a lot more colourful back then.
Of course, the three motorcyclists, having swapped their gasoline engines for electric motors, have to have large battery packs, which will be mounted transversely behind the riders.
Of course, the yield should exceed production costs.
Of course, there are no longer bawdy houses, where these unfortunates are displayed openly to debauched satyrs.
Of course, there are numerous further reasons why I like to live in the Netherlands.
Of course, there are those who lead sedentary lives who get too much absorbed in the pleasures of the table and overfeed.
Of course, there were concerts in the town.
Of course, there were dedicated reformers, ardent revolutionaries and hardened nationalists among them, too, and fearful governments tottering on the edge immediately accused them of causing all the trouble and of grasping at impossible theories of government or being manipulated by foreign enemies.
Of course, there will probably be many mistakes.
Of course, there won't be a good end to the whole thing.
Of course, there's a way to explain it.
Of course, they are suffering from terrible working conditions such as low wages and arbitrary layoffs, as well as from various forms of discrimination.
Of course, they don't remember.
Of course, they're dangerous.
Of course, this is illegal.
Of course, this is not a cure for all disease.
Of course, to be valuable, an old carpet must be in good condition.
Of course, to die in Italy is more interesting.
Of course, to list and explain all the requirements and imperatives of this important decision on the first day would have been inappropriate.
Of course, walking away from the bourgeois scene wasn't easy.
Of course, we all miss Tom.
Of course, we believe you.
Of course, we can't stop new technologies.
Of course, we don't want war.
Of course, we have to comply.
Of course, we must do our best.
Of course, we must keep that in mind.
Of course, we want to win.
Of course, we'll be there.
Of course, we'll blame Tom.
Of course, we'll blame them.
Of course, we'll do that.
Of course, we'll help you.
Of course, we're angry.
Of course, we're disappointed.
Of course, we're prepared.
Of course, we're the ones lumbered with the costs yet again.
Of course, we're working.
Of course, what a dumb question that is.
Of course, why not?
Of course, you are not supposed to write in your textbook.
Of course, you ate the pie! Who else?
Of course, you can also ask other people.
Of course, you can also get a snack from one of the many snack bars on the island.
Of course, you can be frank.
Of course, you can bring your dog.
Of course, you can come back.
Of course, you can come.
Of course, you can do it.
Of course, you can leave.
Of course, you can look at it.
Of course, you can say no...
Of course, you don't remember.
Of course, you had a choice.
Of course, you have a choice.
Of course, you may.
Of course, you need to send some postcards!
Of course, you should go.
Of course, you weren't wrong.
Of course, you would eat puddings that are full of proofs, wouldn't you?
Of course, you would eat puddings that are full of proofs, wouldn’t you?
Of course, you're aware that Tom isn't here.
Of course, you're correct.
Of course, you're going to enjoy it here.
Of course, you're right.
Of course, you're supposed to tell the truth.
Of course.
Of course. Now that you say that, certainly Ms Tanaka wasn't shot even once in the mock battles.
Of course. Now that you say that, certainly Ms Tanaka wasn’t shot even once in the mock battles.
Of course. The apples come from a good farm not far from here, and the fruit is delicious this time of the year.
Of fowls according to their kind, and of beasts in their kind, and of every thing that creepeth on the earth according to its kind: two of every sort shall go in with thee, that they may live.
Of how many chemical elements is water composed?
Of late, this portentous mansion has begun to give signs of dilapidation and decay.
Of necessity, as well as of choice, I am a "Garrisonian" Abolitionist—the most unpopular appellation that any man can have applied to him, in the present state of public sentiment; yet, I am more than confident, destined ultimately to be honourably regarded by the wise and good.
Of of Yanni's friends know that he's not big on commitment.
Of one hundred warriors, ten came back uninjured; the rest died.
Of so great difficulty was it to found the Roman race!
Of soccer and rugby, I prefer the latter.
Of the $1.5 trillion in student debt, one-third is owned by only 6% of all student loan borrowers, according to the Brookings Institution.
Of the 200 billion stars in the Milky Way galaxy, some—perhaps many—may have inhabited planets and spacefaring civilizations.
Of the 23 who were arrested, four escaped.
Of the 41 Bangladesh approved TV stations, 26 are currently being used to broadcast.
Of the Dravidian languages, Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, and Malayalam have the most speakers.
Of the bad, one always hears more than of the good.
Of the busy Utopias which I have been describing, a few were already established even before the birth of the Other Earth, a larger number flourished before our own planet was formed, but many of the most important of these worlds are temporally located in an age far future to us, an age long after the destruction of the final human race.
Of the eight, only one was found guilty.
Of the five wives he had, three were unfaithful.
Of the floor, sticky from the party, one said, "Flock it."
Of the forced sequestration he has this to say, “Maybe there is a little bit more time to stare at a certain flower in the garden. Maybe there's a little bit more time to think about your friends and your family.”
Of the four seasons of the year, I like summer best.
Of the inhabitants, 51.8% are female.
Of the island's exports, 82% – more than four-fifths – is agricultural produce.
Of the many issues facing our society, the existence of ethnic minorities is not one of them.
Of the midnight storm which destroyed this gloomy mansion, the older inhabitants of the region sometimes speak in hushed and uneasy voices.
Of the old men, women, elderly women, and small children, some went to the North, and some went to the South, leaving many things in their homes, and leaving their livestock too, they ran.
Of the origin of the Hound of the Baskervilles there have been many statements, yet as I come in a direct line from Hugo Baskerville, and as I had the story from my father, who also had it from his, I have set it down with all belief that it occurred even as is here set forth.
Of the past 3,400 years, humans have been entirely at peace for 268 of them, or just 8 percent of recorded history.
Of the remaining words on the list, five are nouns.
Of the ship, not a trace was to be seen.
Of the sweets that I tasted in France, the ones that I'd like to eat most are the brioche, the baba au rhum and the marrons glacés.
Of the ten thousand English sentences that Tom added to the Tatoeba Corpus, seven hundred have been translated into Modern Greek.
Of the thousands of species of mosquitoes, only a few like to bite humans.
Of the three boys, Bill behaves most politely.
Of the three boys, the youngest is the most attractive.
Of the three candidates, I think Mr Smith is the best.
Of the three candidates, I think Mr. Smith is the best.
Of the three dogs, one was male and two were female.
Of the three girls, Emi was the one who danced most beautifully.
Of the three languages that you say you're fluent in, which is your strongest?
Of the three of us, only Tom wants to do that.
Of the three of us, only Tom wants to go swimming.
Of the two blue cars, the cheaper one was more rusted.
Of the two cities, London is the bigger.
Of the two girls, she is the younger.
Of the two of them, one heads east and one heads west.
Of the two of them, the taller one went out first.
Of the two pills in that box, one was of the most deadly poison, and the other was entirely harmless.
Of the two stories, the latter story is better.
Of their own accord they agreed to his plan.
Of these Garlands and Nosegays are tied round with twigs. There are also sweet herbs added such as Marjoram, Flowergentle, Rue, Lavender, Rosemary, Hysop, Spike, Basil, Sage, Mints and so on.
Of these it is the latter one that is important.
Of these people, the Belgae are the bravest, because they are the farthest from the culture and civilization of the province, and merchants visit them the least often and bring in such things that are of interest for those with weak minds, and closest are the Germans, who live across the Rhine, with whom they constantly wage war.
Of these two opinions, I prefer the latter to the former.
Of these, Taoism is a native religion, the others having been introduced from foreign lands.
Of those 2 or 3 were pushed out of the nest, and then fell down from the balcony as well.
Of those men who have overturned the liberties of republics, the greatest number have begun their career by paying an obsequious court to the people; commencing demagogues, and ending tyrants.
Of those on the loud side, some people say they look like they're briskly working, while others say that they're just noisy.
Of those on the loud side, some people say they look like they’re briskly working, while others say that they’re just noisy.
Of those, the one I use most often is a flashcard system.
Of two balls of the same size (one made of iron, the other of wood) falling from the top of a tower, the iron one, because it has a greater gravitational charge (being heavier), is attracted with greater force, but, on the other hand, precisely because it has more mass (inertia), it offers greater resistance to falling. The result: both touch the ground at the same time, as Galileo demonstrated.
Of two evils, choose the lesser.
Of us all, Tom was by far the best swimmer.
Of us all, he was by far the best swimmer.
Of what benefit is it for a person to be beautiful?
Of what value is it?
Of whom are you afraid?
Of whom is Layla jealous?
Of yore, when Confucius passed away, his subtle words were cut off, and when his seventy disciples died the transmission of their profound meaning diverged.
Of you the tale is told.
Of your two suggestions, I think I prefer the former.
Off hand, I'd say her problem is shyness.
Off hand, I’d say her problem is shyness.
Off it went.
Off the coast of New England, fishermen have caught too many striped bass and blue crabs.
Off the coast of New England, fishermen have caught too many striped bass and blue crabs. These species used to keep native crab populations in check. Without predators to hold them back, native crabs are devouring the marshes.
Off the field, virtually any degree of spontaneity has been outlawed, as athletes and staff must submit a detailed daily activity plan, including visits only to approved destinations.
Off the record he admitted that he had not behaved honestly, but at the trial he denied it specifically and repeatedly.
Off the shores of Newfoundland, Canada, an ecosystem is unraveling at the hands (or pincers) of an invasive crab.
Off the top of my head, I can't think of another song whose lyrics include the word 'palaver', let alone one that rhymes it.
Off to bed, darling, it's late.
Off to dreamland you go, champ. It's bedtime.
Off to dreamland, my sweet child.
Off we go!
Off with her head!
Off with his head!
Off with the dots !
Off with the head of duplicate-mongers.
Off with their heads!
Off with their heads.
Off with your balls!
Off with your head!
Off you fuck.
Off-target. My opponent hadn't been hit.
Off-target. My opponent hadn’t been hit.
Offending you wasn't my intention.
Offensive behaviour can result from an inferiority complex.
Offer Tom a drink.
Offer Tom a sandwich.
Offer Tom some money.
Offer Tom some.
Offer Tom something to drink.
Offer help only when asked.
Offer her flowers.
Offer it to Tom.
Offer me some lovely phrases in Kabyle.
Offer me your hand, my love.
Offer the lady a cigarette.
Offer to iron your client's clothes if he or she is unable.
Offer to meet Tom halfway.
Office Sami Bakir was sent to the scene.
Office chairs should have backrests.
Office hours are from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
Office managers expect accuracy, efficiency, and dedication.
Office romances are a bad idea.
Officer Jackson was the first on the scene.
Officer Tom Jackson made the arrest.
Officer down!
Officer, I beg you to help me.
Officers are responding.
Officers arrested one person.
Officers did a sweep of the house.
Officers entered the house and cautiously moved from room to room.
Officers of the navy wear white uniforms.
Officers patrolled the neighborhood for a month after the string of robberies.
Officers will henceforth wear ties at dinner.
Official approval is needed.
Official business is never urgent.
Official government holidays in Quebec include Easter, Good Friday, Christmas, and the Nativity of John the Baptist.
Officially it is his responsibility, but in fact his secretary does all the work.
Officially, Algeria celebrates three different new years.
Officially, he works for us as an interpreter.
Officially, this case is closed.
Officially, this never happened.
Officially, we don't allow that.
Officials are not allowed to use the words "climate change" or "sea-level rise" in Florida.
Officials are urging people to avoid online dating for now.
Officials are using their wealth of masks to fortify relations with specific countries that are receiving Vietnamese masks, analysts believe.
Officials at a Dutch museum which was closed to the public due to the coronavirus outbreak say a painting by Vincent van Gogh was stolen during an overnight break-in.
Officials at the World Health Organization are worried, too. They say playing video games creates strong feelings of pleasure and reward in the brain. And in some cases, that can lead to addictive behavior.
Officials declined to comment.
Officials from Sotheby's in Geneva said Wednesday's sale included a white diamond ring weighing 51.85 carats, a 1960s French diamond necklace and diamond pendant earclips.
Officials from government and industry are also starting to recognize the potential of the Methane Capture Project. The U.S. Department of Agriculture is funding experimental on-farm sites in Mississippi and several other states. Some large poultry processors are launching renewable energy divisions to power their feed mills. And a fuel company is investigating the possibility of pumping chicken-waste methane instead of natural gas through its pipeline, and to use it to power some of the generators along the way.
Officials had already closed major tourist attractions — the Eiffel Tower and the Louvre — but starting Sunday, most other places where people would gather — restaurants, cinemas, nonessential retail — will be closed as well.
Officials have asked people to stay at home.
Officials have asked people to stay off the roads.
Officials have warned of the danger of getting close to lava entering the ocean, saying the interaction can create clouds of acid and fine glass.
Officials in Iceland say schools, hair salons, dental and other small businesses across the nation are reopening Monday after six weeks of lockdown and a steady drop in new COVID-19 cases.
Officials in the U.S. eastern coastal states of North and South Carolina are keeping a close watch on Hurricane Ophelia, which continues its slow drift from the Atlantic Ocean toward land.
Officials like mathematical evasion.
Officials like statistical evasion.
Officials met contacts and supplicants in the coffee shop, intelligence agents prowled the lobby, and affluent parents threw lavish wedding receptions in the hotel banquet halls.
Officials of the opposition Democratic Party say the case has political overtones and may be designed to weaken them prior to the start of next year’s legislative and presidential elections.
Officials on Hawaii's Big Island, where the Kilauea volcano has been spewing huge amounts of lava for months, are bracing for the possibility that frequent earthquakes will cut off a major highway.
Officials point out that one of the biggest challenges in containing the virus is that it can be spread by infected people who show barely any symptoms, if any, of ill-health.
Officials said dozens of people were missing.
Officials said the suspect was shot and killed by police.
Officials say errant fireworks are to blame for sparking the fire that destroyed a hotel next to the company's new headquarters.
Officials say the cause of the crash is still unknown, but the airplane's in-flight recorder has been recovered, and is expected to be sent to Australia for investigation.
Officials say the plane performed flawlessly and that, weather permitting, it may start its journey as soon as March 3.
Officials say these preliminary suppositions are based upon forensic and circumstantial evidence, as well as intelligence analysis.
Officials urged test-takers to refrain from attending after-school tutoring academies, spending time in online game parlors or meeting with friends in tightly packed karaoke studios.
Offline classes are nice as they facilitate rapport among students better.
Offshore drilling costs are rising.
Offshore oil and gas exploration has begun.
Offshore units are more efficient because wind speeds tend to be faster and steadier than on land, and even small increases in speed yield large increases in energy production.
Offside is when the referee blows the whistle.
Offspring that survive are more likely to pass their genes to ensuing generations.
Often I go crazy playing baseball.
Often Mark doesn't grasp things right away.
Often a change in syntax makes it easier to understand a sentence.
Often a person fears everything unknown.
Often as I pass by the dwelling of some suffering mortal I am tempted to stop and banish the poor thing's misery. Yet suffering, in moderation, is the natural lot of mortals, and it is not our place to interfere with the laws of Nature.
Often at midnight the Snow Queen flies through the streets of the town, and looks in at the windows, then the ice freezes on the panes into wonderful shapes, that look like flowers and castles.
Often curious, harbor seals will watch people walking along the shore or follow divers or kayakers in the water.
Often does a woman change her heart, mad be the man who will trust her.
Often in the darkest of times, artists can be at their most transcendent.
Often is not always.
Often neighbors take several trips together each year, sharing gasoline costs, home-cooked meals — not to mention laughs and memories. Even with poor gas mileage on most RV units, these vagabonds can travel for about one-fifth what others pay who fly, buy meals in restaurants, and stay in motels.
Often people don't know how to type "ѝ" and instead they write "й".
Often seen basking under the California sun near a body of water, red-eared slider turtles also are not native to the U.S. West Coast but originally immigrated here as pets, then were released or escaped into the wild.
Often she gathers flowers.
Often she was very sad and lonely, and it happened that one day while she was seated at the window, letting salt tears drop on her work, an old woman, a kind, homely-looking old body, stepped up to the window, and, leaning upon her crutch, addressed the Queen in friendly, flattering tones.
Often she was very sad and lonely, for her husband had left her to go to war.
Often starting thousands of miles from the ocean, rocks slowly travel down rivers and streams, constantly breaking down along the way. Once they make it to the ocean, they further erode from the constant action of waves and tides.
Often story writers use descriptive language such as adjectives to provide a mental picture of the character’s appearance.
Often the fear of one evil leads us into a worse.
Often the hand forgets what the mouth promises.
Often the people do not wish to depose a tyrant, often they cannot not.
Often the singing is pure and simple weeping.
Often things are not what they seem, and sometimes reality is stranger and more interesting than fantasy.
Often times I feel like no one gets me.
Often we don't manage to understand how much we completely depend on others.
Often we find ourselves humming a tune in our heads, but we don't know who its author is.
Often when two people break up there's betrayal involved.
Often when you travel and need to talk about prices and numbers in general…
Often you can tell a Yiddish word was borrowed directly from modern German because of a final -e.
Often, I like to think of happy memories.
Often, Kanji is like nonsense in Japanese because it has multiple readings, including the native and the mainland import.
Often, a light touch is enough to relax tight muscles.
Often, a well-embroidered old suit is prettier than a new one without embroidery.
Often, by the time the vegetable reaches us here in New York, it's heading towards the end of its shelf life.
Often, community service is a better alternative to jail.
Often, it is those who do nothing who are guilty of injustice, and not only those who act.
Often, practice is much more useful than rigorous cramming.
Often, that old man plays with puppets. It's creepy.
Often, the companies create user “challenges” as part of their ad campaigns. In challenges, users are invited to publish their own videos in which they perform similar dance moves.
Often, the difference between what you are and what you want to be causes bad mood and insecurity.
Often, the less there is to justify a traditional custom the harder it is to get rid of it.
Often, those who benefit most from globalization have used their political power to further undermine the position of workers.
Often, when I'm lonely or sad, I think of learning a new language.
Oftentimes code will start to smell.
Oftentimes things don't happen as we'd imagined them.
Oftentimes, the advantage of a pawn is enough to win the game.
Oftentimes, the best solution is to systematically attack the problem!
Oftentimes, third culture kids struggle with identifying, culturally, where their home is.
Ogai is his favorite author.
Oghuz languages are part of the Turkic language family.
Ogo has a spaceship.
Ogrish is a simple language.
Oh God! He's driving me crazy!
Oh God! How did this get here? I'm not good with computers!
Oh God! How did this get here? I’m not good with computers!
Oh God, I killed a pregnant woman.
Oh God, I look so fat in this.
Oh God, I'm coming!
Oh God, help me!
Oh God, oh God, what do I do?
Oh God, what shall we do?
Oh God, what the fuck am I going to do?
Oh God. I'm not looking forward to cleaning the bathroom.
Oh I say, now that is a winner right out of this world! Well, you won't see a better shot than this, hit after this marvelous lob from Jimmy Connors, who catches McEnroe moving forward – a classic moment for the lob – and McEnroe hesitates, realises he can't really hit the overhead cleanly – it's beaten him – chases it back and unleashes... a backhand such as you dream about.
Oh Marilla, I'm the happiest girl on Prince Edward Island this very moment.
Oh Mary, I think that your boyfriend's here!
Oh My God! I left the wallet in my room!
Oh My God! It's Tom!
Oh Tom's into horse riding?
Oh Tom, can you ever forgive me?
Oh Troy! Oh my homeland! Oh hallowed refuge! / Walls inhabited by heroes! Walls built by the gods! / Four times, as it nears entry, the odious colossus / halts; four times, the clash of arms is heard.
Oh Zeus, the farm does not provide much grain.
Oh [name redacted], I've come to take an account of your virtues. I've come here to say, indeed, that you have none.
Oh baby, what a place to be!
Oh boy ... when they hang out with you for long everyone ends up picking up your bad habits.
Oh boy, how I was wrong!
Oh boy, that's embarrassing.
Oh boy, there I go again.
Oh boy, what's Dad going to do to you when he gets home?
Oh boy...
Oh brother sky I take a step forward.
Oh brother, be a land unplanted, be a white paper unwritten.
Oh come on, don't be scared.
Oh come on, negative form translation is difficult, you know!
Oh crap!
Oh crap, it's past the consume-by date. That's why you threw up!
Oh crap, it’s past the consume-by date. That’s why you threw up!
Oh crumbs!
Oh damn, the wrong link did come from me!
Oh dear!
Oh dear! I barely heard anything.
Oh dear! I'm short of money.
Oh dear! I’m short of money.
Oh dear, it's raining, and I've already hung the laundry out to dry; what shall I do?
Oh dear, oh my, you're going to die.
Oh dear, this pain is so unbearable I can hardly take it. I wonder if I will survive the night.
Oh dear, what nonsense I'm talking!
Oh dear, you don't look too happy. What's wrong?
Oh dear.
Oh dear. What a shame.
Oh evil deed!
Oh folks, ever since my son left, he never showed up again!
Oh friends, not these tones!
Oh geez, I'm not sure, but I think I ate too much.
Oh god! How chaotic!
Oh god.
Oh hey, look what she brought with her!
Oh how warm the water in the sea is!
Oh jah, my keyboard is misbehaving!
Oh jeez, I think I forgot to pay the bill.
Oh kiddo, I'm sorry for overlooking your message. So what's wrong with that part?
Oh look, a caterpillar!
Oh look, a time-traveler.
Oh lord! She stays taking money from people.
Oh luck! Like the moon you change; steadily you wax and then wane again.
Oh luck! Like the moon, you steadily change, you always grow and then wither again.
Oh man! Aki in a china dress was so cute. I almost lost it then.
Oh man! I was sure this was going to work out.
Oh my FSM!
Oh my God!
Oh my God! Even insects are threatened with extinction.
Oh my God! It hurts like hell!
Oh my God! It's coming right at us!
Oh my God! It's on fire!
Oh my God! Someone is knocking at the door!
Oh my God! There is no objection in your kingdom.
Oh my God! This can't be happening!
Oh my God! Tom knew my name.
Oh my God! Tom looked at me!
Oh my God! What are you doing!?
Oh my God! What are you doing?
Oh my God! You're so stupid!
Oh my God, I can't believe she did that!
Oh my God, I can't believe this.
Oh my God, I can’t believe this.
Oh my God, I look so fat.
Oh my God, I saw that.
Oh my God, I so hate this movie!
Oh my God, I'm so ashamed.
Oh my God, Mary has done it!
Oh my God, Mary, are you okay?
Oh my God, Tom has done it!
Oh my God, Tom talked to me today!
Oh my God, are you me?
Oh my God, everybody is looking at me!
Oh my God, he's so hot.
Oh my God, how beautiful!
Oh my God, how fearful I feel today.
Oh my God, it worked!
Oh my God, it's a lion! Get in the car!
Oh my God, it's a trainwreck!
Oh my God, it's my house!
Oh my God, my dog would fall in love with you.
Oh my God, she's so hot.
Oh my God, she's wearing the same dress as me!
Oh my God, they're so cute!
Oh my God, what a cute little birb!
Oh my God, what a mess!
Oh my God, what a racket!
Oh my God, what have you done?
Oh my God, what was I thinking?
Oh my God, what will we do?
Oh my God, what'll we do?
Oh my God, you look good!
Oh my God, you look so different!
Oh my God, you too???
Oh my God, you're drunk.
Oh my IPU!
Oh my beloved childhood, I long for you with all my heart!
Oh my god! I've killed a pregnant woman!
Oh my god! My passport's missing!
Oh my god, I died when I heard I got chosen!
Oh my god, a newbie owned me!
Oh my god, it's complete chaos!
Oh my god, it's delicious!
Oh my god, it’s complete chaos!
Oh my god, it’s delicious!
Oh my god, what a surprise!
Oh my god. I'm singing tonight.
Oh my goodness!
Oh my goodness, Dad doesn't understand a word being said, he is such a brickhead!
Oh my goodness, Tom's bag is here.
Oh my goodness, Tom's bag is in a place like this.
Oh my gosh!
Oh my gosh! It's like his body was carved by ancient Greek sculptors.
Oh my gosh! You're the last person I expected to meet in a situation like this.
Oh my gosh! You’re the last person I expected to meet in a situation like this.
Oh my gosh, I won!
Oh my gosh, can you hug me? I would love it right now.
Oh my gosh, this is embarrassing.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh. I will be late for lessons.
Oh my little sister, why won't you say anything to me?
Oh my little sister, why won’t you say anything to me?
Oh my mother tongue! In your words I prayed my first prayer: Have mercy on me and on my parents, my God!
Oh my shattered nerves!
Oh my stars; you will frighten the living daylights out of me one of these days!
Oh my!
Oh my! Is she weeping for joy?
Oh my, Tom's bag is here.
Oh my, Tom's bag is in a place like this.
Oh my, all that?
Oh my, leaving the table in the middle of a meal is bad manners, you know.
Oh my, leaving the table in the middle of meal is bad manners, you know.
Oh my, you're right, I didn't know that at all.
Oh my, you’re right, I didn’t know that at all.
Oh my. However much it’s just a P.E. class; if you don’t face it in real earnest, then when it comes to a real fight it won’t do you any good.
Oh name forever sad! forever dear! Still breathed in sighs, still ushered with a tear.
Oh no!
Oh no! Have you fallen in love with me?
Oh no! He fell down!
Oh no! I don't feel like doing that.
Oh no! I forgot my camera.
Oh no! I forgot my homework.
Oh no! I forgot my wallet.
Oh no! I forgot to turn on the washing machine.
Oh no! I just spent so much money!
Oh no! I lost the car key.
Oh no! I wasn't paying attention and left my cell phone in the restaurant!
Oh no! I wasn’t paying attention and left my cell phone in the restaurant!
Oh no! I'm late again!! I'm going to get the nickname 'King of Late arrival'.
Oh no! It looks like someone is crying.
Oh no! It's a power outage! Hey, where was the flashlight again?
Oh no! It's him again!
Oh no! I’m late again!! I’m going to get the nickname ’King of Late arrival’.
Oh no! Our patient is dead.
Oh no! We're almost out of gas.
Oh no, I accidentally sawed off my finger! What should I do?
Oh no, I didn't do my homework.
Oh no, I forgot my pills!
Oh no, I forgot to bring my wallet!
Oh no, I have to go to the bathroom.
Oh no, I shrunk my t-shirt.
Oh no, I spilled salad dressing on my dress!
Oh no, I'm not going in there.
Oh no, Viviana, you should see that you won't really want to share your life with that non-vegetarian vagabond William, do you? Someone who drinks so much whiskey, vodka and wine and comes to the butcher voluntarily will not have a long life, and you will soon be widowed.
Oh no, it's Friday the thirteenth!
Oh no, it's her again.
Oh no, it's him!
Oh no, my mobile phone battery's about to run out. I should have charged it while I was sleeping.
Oh no, not again!
Oh no, oh no! It can't be so!
Oh no, really?
Oh no, that's too big. That's not going to fit inside me.
Oh no, there are more straight ahead!
Oh no, you have revealed our secret!
Oh no.
Oh no. What happened?
Oh no... I tried so hard to keep the plan secret from my mom, but she already found out.
Oh please!
Oh please, believe me.
Oh please, not so fast.
Oh please, spare me the sob story.
Oh please, you chickened out at every opportunity. Not only that, but did you ever think about the consequences of you being oblivious to her, what that must have done to her self-esteem?
Oh really? That's my favorite movie too!
Oh right, I have something tomorrow.
Oh shit!
Oh shit! I've lost my keys!
Oh shit, I'm sorry.
Oh shit, fuck yeah, I'm dreaming! Bye motherfuckers, it's time to fly!
Oh shit, here comes Anna. That's all I need!
Oh shit, it's already late!
Oh shit, the cops are coming!
Oh shoot, I forgot about the vocabulary test.
Oh so you came then.
Oh sod.
Oh stop, that tickles!
Oh stranger, go tell the Spartans that here we lie, obedient to their decrees.
Oh stranger, tell the Lacedaemonians that here we lie, obedient to their words.
Oh sure, beating up your neighbor – that’s diplomacy at its finest!
Oh that I had never been born!
Oh that I had never married.
Oh the times! Oh the customs!
Oh to be a fly on the wall during that conversation...
Oh wait, it's mostly for older sentences.
Oh well, Matti is such a contrary Mary.
Oh well, everyone makes mistakes.
Oh well, looks like even more nori bento today.
Oh well, recently I continue to spend my days alone.
Oh well.
Oh well. That's no big deal.
Oh well. We'll catch up some other time.
Oh wow! What's this, you're having lunch without me!
Oh wow, I didn't know that mask was a Dogon type.
Oh wow, he's fast.
Oh wow, it's already Friday.
Oh wow, she's fast.
Oh wow, you are fast.
Oh yeah, I hadn't thought of that!
Oh yeah, I hadn't thought of that.
Oh yeah, I remember now.
Oh yeah, I remember that.
Oh yeah, I totally agree.
Oh yeah, I'd forgotten about that idiot!
Oh yeah, fuck me!
Oh yeah, it's true.
Oh yeah, just like that.
Oh yeah, that's right. I was supposed to meet some friends in Shibuya at eight.
Oh yeah, that’s right. I was supposed to meet some friends in Shibuya at eight.
Oh yeah. My dog shapeshifts into a man-eating yeti at times. Just ignore it.
Oh yeah. What a brilliant idea...
Oh yeah? Wanna play this game? Don't get me started or it could all end up badly.
Oh yeah? Wanna play this game? Don’t get me started or it could all end up badly.
Oh yes! I will certainly come with you!
Oh yes! Tomorrow I will have something to do.
Oh yes, fuck me!
Oh yes, thank you!
Oh yes, that's right.
Oh yes, that's true.
Oh yes, we love the computer voice!
Oh yes, you didn't eat any in-flight meals either did you?
Oh yes, you didn’t eat any in-flight meals either did you?
Oh yes, you're right. Well, it's the way you shop that's tight-fisted then.
Oh yes, you’re right. Well, it’s the way you shop that’s tight-fisted then.
Oh you poor baby! What happened?
Oh you poor little thing.
Oh you poor thing! I'll get you a blanket.
Oh your daughter Haru-chan is very cheerful.
Oh! A shooting star!
Oh! Dad is going to China!
Oh! How bad!
Oh! How beautiful Algeria is!
Oh! How cruel is it to love when we are apart from the one we love!
Oh! I didn't see his message.
Oh! I didn't see your message.
Oh! I have a calendar too!
Oh! I have no illusions!
Oh! I haven't seen her message.
Oh! I know that guy.
Oh! I know the man.
Oh! I know this man!
Oh! I know very well that he is dead! cried out the trembling girl while lifting her tear-flooded face towards her protector.
Oh! I'm not deluding myself!
Oh! I'm sorry to hear that.
Oh! If we only had a car!
Oh! Is it true?
Oh! Is there an ATM nearby?
Oh! Is what you said true?
Oh! It was already there.
Oh! It's a seashell.
Oh! It's a shell.
Oh! It's beautiful!
Oh! It's my day.
Oh! It’s my day.
Oh! I’m sorry to hear that.
Oh! Love, love, love! When it takes hold of you, you should run away.
Oh! Marvelous!
Oh! Papa is going to China!
Oh! Please show it to me.
Oh! Raju has fallen down the stairs!
Oh! Really?
Oh! Red Spider Lilies are pretty!
Oh! Seriously?
Oh! She is the most beautiful creature I ever beheld!
Oh! Show it to me please.
Oh! Show me how.
Oh! Show me, please.
Oh! Thank you, my dear.
Oh! That rambutan tree is laden with fruit.
Oh! That's good!
Oh! That's how it is!
Oh! That's too bad.
Oh! That’s too bad.
Oh! The Lycoris Radiata flowers are pretty!
Oh! This is so cute!
Oh! Today is my day.
Oh! What are you doing there?
Oh! Where did Tom go?
Oh! Where'd you come from?
Oh! Why me?!
Oh! You're totally right!
Oh! he said, I would gladly drown myself, if the water was not so cold!
Oh! her kiss was colder than ice.
Oh! how I wish I were as tall as the other trees, then I would spread out my branches on every side, and my top would overlook the wide world.
Oh! how awful!
Oh! how eagerly the youngest sister listened.
Oh! how handsome the prince was, how he laughed and smiled as he greeted his guests, while the music rang out in the quiet night.
Oh! that chatterer, that worst of gossipers, has gone and told them all we said about them the other day.
Oh! two birdlings, died of the cold.
Oh! what wonders and splendours unfolded themselves before Elsa's astonished eyes! She thought she really must be in Heaven.
Oh! you are a great deal too apt, you know, to like people in general.
Oh!! I just saw an apparition!!
Oh, "that’s a good idea," she said.
Oh, *I* mopped only some part of the floor.
Oh, Diana, if only the geometry examination were over!
Oh, Diana, look, there's a rabbit.
Oh, George, what a brute you are!
Oh, God, what garbage!
Oh, I almost forgot! Today is garbage disposal day!
Oh, I am slain.
Oh, I can hear you clearly.
Oh, I can see you don't like the dresses! What is the matter with them?
Oh, I can't put on my red skirt because it's in the wash.
Oh, I can't wait for the summer holidays.
Oh, I can't wait for the weekend.
Oh, I can’t put on my red skirt because it’s in the wash.
Oh, I didn't know it was that close.
Oh, I didn't know that!
Oh, I didn't like the ending.
Oh, I didn’t know it was that close.
Oh, I didn’t like the ending.
Oh, I do understand!
Oh, I do wish I could go to France.
Oh, I don't care anymore! Keep shtupping those random girls, or whatever you do with them.
Oh, I don't know if I agree with you.
Oh, I don't know.
Oh, I don't like that name, either. I shall call it—let me see—the Lake of Shining Waters. Yes, that is the right name for it.
Oh, I don't watch TV.
Oh, I don’t know if I agree with you.
Oh, I forgot it!
Oh, I forgot my keys.
Oh, I forgot to bring in the futons.
Oh, I forgot to buy milk.
Oh, I forgot to buy natto.
Oh, I forgot to buy the cabbage. What should we do?
Oh, I forgot to reply to you.
Oh, I forgot. Today is garbage day!
Oh, I found it, nevermind.
Oh, I got a delivery notice.
Oh, I got it.
Oh, I have a good idea.
Oh, I have a plethora of choice words for that individual!
Oh, I have no idea!
Oh, I haven't decided what I'm going to do yet.
Oh, I haven’t decided what I’m going to do yet.
Oh, I just gained two kilos. I should stop eating snacks.
Oh, I just remembered, do not forget to bring your ID.
Oh, I just remembered.
Oh, I just remembered. The library's closed tomorrow.
Oh, I just remembered. Tom left you a message.
Oh, I know this man!
Oh, I know where we are now.
Oh, I lost the data!
Oh, I love cheesecake! Yum!
Oh, I love life in the woods, declared Tom suddenly after a long silence, while he was relaxing on his blanket.
Oh, I missed the chance to tell you, but you can just call me by my normal name, by the way.
Oh, I myself mopped only some part of the floor.
Oh, I remember now.
Oh, I see what you mean.
Oh, I see where this is headed.
Oh, I see!
Oh, I see.
Oh, I suppose he could if he wanted to.
Oh, I used to play tennis when I was younger.
Oh, I was disconnected.
Oh, I was ill.
Oh, I was just about to leave.
Oh, I would give my eyeteeth to be able to write like you!
Oh, I'll probably just stay home.
Oh, I'm a total idiot!
Oh, I'm getting used to the dog, anyway.
Oh, I'm just going to take it easy.
Oh, I'm late. I should be going now.
Oh, I'm really getting pissed off.
Oh, I'm really sorry.
Oh, I'm sick.
Oh, I'm so sorry to bother you, but have you got a message for me?
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry, it seems that I have dialed the wrong number.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I have the wrong number.
Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
Oh, I've broken a nail!
Oh, I've forgotten my camera!
Oh, I've mistakenly written the telephone number where I should've put the postcode.
Oh, I... uh, wow.
Oh, It's cheap!
Oh, I’ll probably just stay home.
Oh, I’m just going to take it easy.
Oh, I’m late. I should be going now.
Oh, I’m sorry.
Oh, I’m sorry. I guess I have the wrong number.
Oh, I’m terribly sorry.
Oh, Maria! If I had known before, I wouldn't have fallen in love with you.
Oh, Marilla, please, please, let me go to the picnic.
Oh, Marilla, you don't mean to sell Green Gables!
Oh, Mary! Tom was just looking for you.
Oh, Mary, that cake looks delicious! Can I have a slice?
Oh, Mary, that gateau looks delicious! Can I have a slice?
Oh, Mary, you look terrific!
Oh, Mennad, I'm so proud of you.
Oh, Mother, help! I'm dying!
Oh, OK.
Oh, OK. See you. But drive carefully.
Oh, OK. Well, can you get me one?
Oh, Sherlock, the mess you’ve made.
Oh, Tae, this cheese is a winner!
Oh, Tom! This is great timing. There's something I wanted to ask you.
Oh, Tom, it's just wonderful!
Oh, Tom, take me with you!
Oh, Vassili, what brings you to this accursed place?
Oh, Ziri... Why did you run away?
Oh, a bath, please.
Oh, a butterfly!
Oh, a chocolate bunny!
Oh, a seashell!
Oh, and Andy Dillon called...
Oh, and he's dissatisfied with his job. Do you think that I'm satisfied with my job? Although, I don't run to the psychologist to fill his ears with stories about it.
Oh, awesome.
Oh, baby!
Oh, be quiet.
Oh, beloved native language, oh, enchanting mother tongue! You enabled my search for knowledge of the world, since I was young.
Oh, bother!
Oh, bother.
Oh, boy, would I make a lot of Flash-cards for this text!
Oh, buddy, what I need is a strong stimulus, in the most hedonistic meaning of the word.
Oh, but don't worry. I don't put the moves on straight guys.
Oh, but don’t worry. I don’t put the moves on straight guys.
Oh, but he did come to Tokyo alone.
Oh, but it's the tone of the messages!
Oh, but that is a mundane matter!
Oh, but there's such a difference between saying a thing yourself and hearing other people say it.
Oh, but this is great.
Oh, by the way, I have something for you.
Oh, by the way, I have something to give you.
Oh, by the way, I have something to show you.
Oh, by the way, I have something to tell you.
Oh, by the way, do you know where she lives now?
Oh, by the way: Congratulations on your success!
Oh, by the way: congratulations on your success!
Oh, can I read this?
Oh, come off it.
Oh, come on!
Oh, come on! You gotta at least spend the night. We haven't seen you for so long.
Oh, come on! You gotta at least spend the night. We haven’t seen you for so long.
Oh, come on.
Oh, come on. It won't be so bad. We'll have fun.
Oh, come on. You're being greedy.
Oh, could you please answer the phone for me?
Oh, could you please get the phone for me?
Oh, dear pigeon, how I wish I had your wings!
Oh, dear!
Oh, dear, can you please not disturb me?
Oh, didn't I mention it?
Oh, do you really think you just have to snap your fingers to make that happen?
Oh, don't apologize.
Oh, don't be like that.
Oh, don't be so modest.
Oh, don't bother.
Oh, don't leave!
Oh, don't watch television.
Oh, don't worry about it.
Oh, don't worry about that.
Oh, don't worry.
Oh, don't you blame me!
Oh, don’t watch television.
Oh, don’t worry about it.
Oh, don’t worry about that.
Oh, dude!
Oh, enough of that.
Oh, everything is as usual.
Oh, father, father, what shall we do?
Oh, fiddlesticks. It's raining heavily now. That's put the kibosh on our plans for this afternoon.
Oh, fine! I'll give it one more go! But that's it!
Oh, for fuck's sake, Tom, just shut up.
Oh, for heaven's sake!
Oh, give me a break.
Oh, god. It's raining.
Oh, gods, my gods, poison, bring me poison!...
Oh, gosh!
Oh, gosh, how beautiful you are.
Oh, grandma, how I love you! You're so nice!
Oh, grow up.
Oh, have a heart.
Oh, have you?
Oh, he broke wind.
Oh, he eats like a bird.
Oh, he left.
Oh, he speaks Russian, doesn't he?
Oh, he was just talking about how children are the builders of tomorrow or some other bullshit.
Oh, he's just bent out of shape because I wouldn't let him spend the night with his friends on account of his being grounded for failing his chemistry class.
Oh, he's so cute! Can I pet him?
Oh, hello. It's really warm today, isn't it?
Oh, here comes Chris.
Oh, here they come!
Oh, here's a butterfly!
Oh, him? That guy called for him and he went off somewhere.
Oh, hold on a moment, there's a simple solution!
Oh, how I long for the good old days!
Oh, how I miss you!
Oh, how awful!
Oh, how bad I feel!
Oh, how beautiful! It's exactly what I've always wanted!
Oh, how can you say such a thing?
Oh, how can you say that?
Oh, how could ideas like that have gotten into your head?
Oh, how cruel it is to love when you are separated from the one you love! Very few hearts have known this pain in all its depth, because very few hearts have known love in all its depth.
Oh, how cute.
Oh, how dark and weary the whole world appeared!
Oh, how fun!
Oh, how genteel and gallant men are when they want something from a poor woman!
Oh, how kind you are!
Oh, how late it is!
Oh, how the Tree trembled!
Oh, how we laughed!
Oh, how wonderful it is to know!
Oh, hush!
Oh, if I can go, I will.
Oh, if I catch you!
Oh, if I could see Mary's face once more in my life.
Oh, if only I could be in Amazonas now!
Oh, if only I could be in the Amazon now!
Oh, if only I had some refuge.
Oh, if only I hadn't trusted Tom back then!
Oh, if only I knew it back then!
Oh, if only I was rich!
Oh, if only I were a queen.
Oh, if only that were true!
Oh, if only we could be as shy and timid in our shameful actions as we are in our proper ones!
Oh, ignore that jar, it's just a quince ferment I'm letting get hectic.
Oh, indeed those long winter days were very dreary. But at last spring came, with warm sunshine.
Oh, is that right?
Oh, is that so...
Oh, is that so?
Oh, is that so? Well, I've got something for you.
Oh, is that the way you milk a cow?
Oh, isn't it wonderful?
Oh, isn't that pretty!
Oh, it is me!
Oh, it is nothing!
Oh, it looks delicious!
Oh, it seems as if I must be in a dream.
Oh, it's already this late. I have to go.
Oh, it's cool. I like it.
Oh, it's done now.
Oh, it's just that I never meet any interesting men.
Oh, it's nothing.
Oh, it's quite simple, really.
Oh, it's raining again!
Oh, it's raining again.
Oh, it's raining.
Oh, it's right over there.
Oh, it's snow!
Oh, it's snowing!
Oh, it's so beautiful here!
Oh, it's useful.
Oh, it's very kind of you to say so.
Oh, it's you, is it?
Oh, it's you.
Oh, it's you. Come in.
Oh, it’s already this late. I have to go.
Oh, it’s just that I never meet any interesting men.
Oh, it’s very kind of you to say so.
Oh, just fill out this form.
Oh, just my luck!
Oh, just over the holidays.
Oh, just put it anywhere.
Oh, just the usual stuff.
Oh, let me show you.
Oh, let's forget it.
Oh, let's not talk about it.
Oh, let's say no more about it.
Oh, like that!
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look! A shooting star! Make a wish.
Oh, look! There's a big snake over there!
Oh, look! There's something shiny.
Oh, look! They're kissing!
Oh, look! They're kissing.
Oh, look! You got something on your hands. Let's wash it off together, okay?
Oh, look, Diana, what a lovely rainbow!
Oh, look, a shooting star!
Oh, look, look! There's a big rainbow over there!
Oh, look, there are flying fishes in the water!
Oh, look, there's one little early wild rose out! Isn't it lovely?
Oh, look, they opened a sushi bar around the corner.
Oh, look, they're kissing!
Oh, look, they're kissing.
Oh, look. They're kissing!
Oh, look. Tursun's here.
Oh, lord. There's been a terrible crash.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God! Frankfurt is in Germany, not in the Middle East!
Oh, my God! I killed her!
Oh, my God, I love Algiers!
Oh, my back.
Oh, my childhood was nice!
Oh, my goodness. This is one ugly windshield scratch.
Oh, my heavens!
Oh, my love.
Oh, my tongue! You have been always my support in grief and joy, understood and cherished fondly, since I was a little boy.
Oh, my white pants! And they were new.
Oh, nice.
Oh, no idea!
Oh, no!
Oh, no! I almost forgot!
Oh, no! I forgot to punch in again!
Oh, no! I may have lost my passport.
Oh, no! I'm so scared!
Oh, no! My house is on fire!
Oh, no! My passport has disappeared.
Oh, no! My passport is gone!
Oh, no! That's how you ruin your life!
Oh, no! The computer broke again.
Oh, no! The tiger is back!
Oh, no! We're out of gas!
Oh, no! We're running out of gas.
Oh, no! We're running out of petrol.
Oh, no! We’re running out of gas.
Oh, no! What am I going to say to Tom?
Oh, no! What have I done?
Oh, no! What's happening now?
Oh, no, I'm not vexed—don't worry yourself. I'm too sorry for you to leave any room for anger in my mind.
Oh, no, of course!
Oh, no, the Hyperians are attacking!
Oh, no. I broke a string in my racket.
Oh, no. I'm so scared.
Oh, nothing special.
Oh, now I feel the wind blow hi, hi, hi, hi.
Oh, now I understand.
Oh, off with you.
Oh, ok.
Oh, onion bagels.
Oh, perfect!
Oh, please call me Angela.
Oh, please don't say that.
Oh, please, stop that noise!
Oh, please, you're just saying that so I'll stop being mad.
Oh, please.
Oh, really?
Oh, really? When did he leave?
Oh, say does that star-spangled banner yet wave o'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
Oh, say does that star-spangled banner yet wave o’er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
Oh, say your name!
Oh, say, can you see, the dawn’s early light what so proudly we hailed at the twilight’s last gleaming?
Oh, say, does that Star-spangled Banner yet wave o’er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
Oh, sea! I'm coming to you!
Oh, seriously?
Oh, shoot! I forgot to call Uncle Tom.
Oh, shut up!
Oh, sir, do you not think that you could help me, and at least throw a little light through the dense darkness which surrounds me?
Oh, so that's how you do it.
Oh, so that's what that is!
Oh, so this is not disagreeable?
Oh, so you knew it all along?
Oh, so you think you're a tough guy, huh?
Oh, so you're at the barbershop!
Oh, so you’re at the barbershop!
Oh, sorry for not noticing you. I can only see it (the game) from here.
Oh, sorry, I didn't know it was against the rules.
Oh, sorry, I didn't know it was illegal.
Oh, sorry, I didn't know it was wrong.
Oh, sorry, I didn't know.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, sure, I studied English in my school days. But it wasn't until two or three years ago that I really started taking it seriously.
Oh, sure, I studied English in my school days. But it wasn’t until two or three years ago that I really started taking it seriously.
Oh, sure.
Oh, surely it can't already be half two!
Oh, sweet name of freedom!
Oh, take your time. I'm in no hurry.
Oh, take your time. I’m in no hurry.
Oh, tell me your name!
Oh, thank you, Tom. Thank you!
Oh, thank you, kind sir.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, thanks! How thoughtful.
Oh, thanks.
Oh, that book? It's on my desk.
Oh, that boy! He's gone out again to play without cleaning up his room.
Oh, that explains everything!
Oh, that kid went to sleep without eating supper.
Oh, that surprised me! Try not to make such loud noises.
Oh, that the Lord would guide my ways.
Oh, that was good.
Oh, that you could learn to see clearly! That the film might be removed from your eyes!
Oh, that's a secret, OK? Because slipping out of the dorm in the night is severely punished.
Oh, that's a shame!
Oh, that's a shame.
Oh, that's all right, Tom.
Oh, that's ancient history!
Oh, that's another story.
Oh, that's bad. I hope you feel better.
Oh, that's better still.
Oh, that's crazy.
Oh, that's even better.
Oh, that's fascinating.
Oh, that's good!
Oh, that's good.
Oh, that's kind of interesting.
Oh, that's me!
Oh, that's really cool.
Oh, that's silly.
Oh, that's so cool.
Oh, that's terrible.
Oh, that's too bad!
Oh, that's too bad.
Oh, that's very good!
Oh, that's very pretty!
Oh, that's what you mean.
Oh, that. That explains it.
Oh, that? Yeah, I heard that yesterday, then.
Oh, that’s a secret, OK? Because slipping out of the dorm in the night is severely punished.
Oh, the beautiful ladies with their tiny dogs.
Oh, the bus has arrived.
Oh, the driver is a maniac.
Oh, the electricity has gone off.
Oh, the good old days when I was a child.
Oh, the humanity!
Oh, the lights went out.
Oh, the phone's ringing. It must be Machiko.
Oh, the phone’s ringing. It must be Machiko.
Oh, the rice stalk is sticking up in the tea. Something good might happen.
Oh, the streetlights have turned on.
Oh, the toast is burned black.
Oh, the train is being delayed.
Oh, the weather is so beautiful!
Oh, there is a butterfly here!
Oh, there is a butterfly!
Oh, there is a sun shower.
Oh, there isn't much to tell.
Oh, there was going to be a fearful storm!
Oh, there was something else.
Oh, there you are.
Oh, there you go. See? It happened exactly like I said it would. Now go call the ambulance.
Oh, there's a butterfly!
Oh, there’s a butterfly!
Oh, these were charming stories! and thus he wooed the Princess, and she immediately said 'Yes!'
Oh, this is a day left over from Eden, isn't it, Diana?
Oh, this is the best site, by the way!
Oh, thus be it ever when freemen shall stand. Between their loved home and the war’s desolation: blest with vict’ry and peace, may the heav’n-rescued land Praise the Power that has made and preserved us a nation.
Oh, to lose her now; now that her love and her reason had both returned, each more vivid than before!
Oh, two nights, please.
Oh, very nice.
Oh, we don't do that here in Spain.
Oh, we don’t do that here in Spain.
Oh, we're dead.
Oh, we're out of sugar.
Oh, we're too late.
Oh, well, this is great.
Oh, well. There's nothing we can do about that now.
Oh, what I do for the Crown Prince...
Oh, what a beautiful doll!
Oh, what a beauty!
Oh, what a cute child!
Oh, what a pity.
Oh, what a scare!
Oh, what have I done? What have I done?
Oh, what is this?
Oh, what the hell.
Oh, what? You don't know?
Oh, where is your advanced search now?
Oh, while I remember, it seems that that was a bug that occurs when you use the comment field's 'letter-spacing' tag which adjusts the tracking.
Oh, while I remember, it seems that that was a bug that occurs when you use the comment field’s ’letter-spacing’ tag which adjusts the tracking.
Oh, who hath tears to match our grief withal? / What tongue that night of havoc can make known?
Oh, with Tom? It's totally a hoax.
Oh, woe is me!
Oh, woman, you are the best wizard in the world!
Oh, would you catch the phone for me, please?
Oh, ye of little faith!
Oh, yeah, please do.
Oh, yeah, the CD player.
Oh, yeah. I forgot I have protein powder.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, yeah? Do you want to have a cook-off to see who's the better cook?
Oh, yes!
Oh, yes, I remember.
Oh, yes. I sometimes see him on TV.
Oh, you almost hit it.
Oh, you are early this morning.
Oh, you can talk as much as you like. I don't mind.
Oh, you can walk here?
Oh, you craziest of all people, you who yearns for wisdom!
Oh, you did your brows, didn't you?
Oh, you don't believe that!
Oh, you don't want to eat your vegetables? How about a kick in the ass? No? Then eat and stop whining.
Oh, you have evidence disproving evolution? Gather your data, have it peer-reviewed, and receive your Nobel prize.
Oh, you know what I mean.
Oh, you know what?
Oh, you know who I'm talking about.
Oh, you must be good at sports.
Oh, you must take a piece of this, Mrs. Allan. Anne made it on purpose for you.
Oh, you noticed that, did you?
Oh, you poor baby!
Oh, you poor little thing.
Oh, you poor thing!
Oh, you poor thing.
Oh, you remembered?
Oh, you seem to have mistaken me for somebody who gives a shit!
Oh, you want to talk about biological sex? Well, I had biological sex with your mom last night!
Oh, you were at the hairdresser's.
Oh, you were at the hairdresser’s.
Oh, you!
Oh, you! If you go around with a face like that, I'll have to demote you back down to 'friend' again.
Oh, you! If you go around with a face like that, I’ll have to demote you back down to ’friend’ again.
Oh, you'll get used to it soon!
Oh, you'll pass all right. Don't worry.
Oh, you're Algerian!
Oh, you're American!
Oh, you're French!
Oh, you're German!
Oh, you're Hungarian!
Oh, you're Italian!
Oh, you're Japanese!
Oh, you're Palestinian!
Oh, you're Polish!
Oh, you're Portuguese!
Oh, you're Spanish!
Oh, you're Turkish!
Oh, you're a millionaire? That's nice. It must be nice not having as much money to burn a hole in your pocket. Sadly, I reached 10 billion dollars last month, and it's quite a burden. I have no idea what to do with so much money. I would love to be just a millionaire, but hey, such is life.
Oh, you're already here.
Oh, you're also going for a walk in this nice weather?
Oh, you're dressed up! A special occasion?
Oh, you're going home tonight!
Oh, you're here as well!
Oh, you're here too!
Oh, you're home!
Oh, you're leaving tomorrow!
Oh, you're pricks!
Oh, you've been to the barbershop.
Oh, you've made me lots of promises already.
Oh, you, oh! Come, we must go now.
Oh, your daughter Haru is very cheerful.
Oh, your talking about the Labrador retriever. All of the sudden you mention love dolls so I was so confused.
Oh, you’ll get used to it soon!
Oh, you’re going home tonight!
Oh, you’re leaving tomorrow!
Oh, you’re pricks!
Oh, you’ve been to the barbershop.
Oh. Hello, Lisa! How are you?
Oh? I want to see him, too.
Oh? You can type without looking at the keyboard. That's cool!
Oh? You can type without looking at the keyboard. That’s cool!
Oh? You stopped altogether?
Ohio company Battelle has been trying for weeks to get FDA approval for an innovative system that can decontaminate 80,000 masks a day.
Ohio does exist; trust me.
Ohio is a big forest.
Ohio is all forests and farmland.
Ohio used to be all forest.
Ohio voters approved abortion rights and legal weed.
Oi you! Get out of my sight!
Oi you, that's too much of a rip off by anyone's count! 6:4 is more than enough. Of course I'm the '6'.
Oi you, that’s too much of a rip off by anyone’s count! 6:4 is more than enough. Of course I’m the ’6’.
Oi!
Oi! Why aren't you running?
Oi! You! Come here!
Oi, Tom. There was an earring under your bed. How did that get there?
Oi, daydreamer, wakey wakey!
Oi, mate! Don't make so much noise.
Oi, mate! I'm talking to you!
Oi, mate! Keep the noise down.
Oi, sleepyhead, wake up!
Oi, what are you looking at?
Oi, you lot, come over here and help me with the cleaning.
OiNK got shut down by the pigs.
Oifa drove the children of Lir into the lake to bathe, and they did as she told them. As soon as they were upon the lake she struck them with a Druid's wand of spells and wizardry and put them into the forms of four beautiful, perfectly white swans.
Oil analysts say the price rise depresses global economic growth but as yet there is little danger of higher priced gasoline tipping the world economy into recession. That could happen, however, if the price goes much higher. A price close to $40 a barrel price is viewed as a danger zone for economic growth.
Oil and agriculture are mainstays of Chad's economy.
Oil and gas are Algeria's backbone.
Oil and gas are abundant in Algeria.
Oil and gas are the backbone of Algeria's economy.
Oil and gas are the largest sector of Algeria's economy.
Oil and gas are the lifeblood of Algeria.
Oil and gas are the main resources Algeria has.
Oil and gas continue to make the biggest contribution to Algeria's economy.
Oil and gas earnings accounted for roughly 25% of GDP and 65% of government revenue.
Oil and gas is Algeria's most important sector.
Oil and gas production has been a major driver of Iran's economy for decades.
Oil and gas should not be Algeria's only economic sector.
Oil and water do not mix.
Oil and water don't blend.
Oil and water don't mix.
Oil and water don’t blend.
Oil and water don’t mix.
Oil and water won't blend with each other.
Oil and water won’t blend with each other.
Oil company CEOs should not chair climate conferences.
Oil does not mix with water.
Oil exports represent 95% of Algeria's total exports.
Oil extraction is in decline in 33 out of the 48 major suppliers.
Oil floats on water.
Oil generates more than 95% of Algeria's foreign currency in dollars.
Oil giant Sonatrach is the largest company in Algeria.
Oil has been discovered under the North Sea.
Oil has played an important part in the progress of Japanese industry.
Oil has played an important part in the progress of civilization.
Oil is Algeria's biggest source of revenue.
Oil is Algeria's economic savior.
Oil is a finite supply and supplies will eventually run dry.
Oil is abundant in that country.
Oil is an amphipathic molecule as it has both hydrophobic and hydrophilic characteristics.
Oil is essential for the Algerian economy.
Oil is expensive.
Oil is extracted from olives.
Oil is lighter than water.
Oil is more precious than human life to you, right?
Oil is necessary to run various machines.
Oil is not everything, Charley!
Oil is of great use to us.
Oil is running short.
Oil is scarce in this country.
Oil is the main Algerian export.
Oil is the only thing holding Algeria's economy from collapsing.
Oil is the only thing holding Algeria's economy up.
Oil is transported by tanker.
Oil leaked into the Gulf for 87 days.
Oil may not last for another hundred years.
Oil money is drying up in Algeria.
Oil of the leatherback turtle is good for asthma.
Oil often spilled by tankers also adds to water pollution.
Oil on canvas can never paint a petal so delicate.
Oil paintings show to advantage at a distance.
Oil prices dropped.
Oil prices have been getting more expensive, I think I should sell my car.
Oil prices have dropped sharply.
Oil prices have fallen.
Oil prices plunged.
Oil prices rose yesterday.
Oil prices went low.
Oil production in the area carries significant environmental consequences.
Oil production is falling.
Oil shouldn't shape Algeria's future.
Oil spills are bad for the environment.
Oil the chain.
Oil this bicycle.
Oil was leaking from the boat.
Oil will float on water.
Oilskins are waterproof.
Oink!
Oinoë had been fortified.
Oita Prefecture's capital is Oita City.
Ok!
Ok! Thanks.
Ok, I agree.
Ok, I lied.
Ok, I will talk in the Santali language.
Ok, everyone has left to go file a patent!
Ok, let's give it a try.
Ok, let’s give it a try.
Ok, ok!
Ok, very good.
Ok, whatever.
Ok.
Ok. I knuckle down.
Ok. I'm gonna try come after work.
Ok. Where do you live?
Okahana and Koc agree that in the past, the job outcomes for those with a doctoral degree, or Ph.D., were much clearer.
Okahana, Koc and Coffey all said colleges and universities must support students in growth and change.
Okapis have to follow a diet low in sugar.
Okay! Do you all understand?
Okay! Does everyone understand?
Okay! I'll call my brothers.
Okay, I agree.
Okay, I give up.
Okay, I got it. Cut the BS.
Okay, I lied.
Okay, I think I see what you're getting at.
Okay, I will keep your advice in mind.
Okay, I'll do it.
Okay, I'll do what you say.
Okay, I'll drop it.
Okay, I'll give up this pathos.
Okay, I'll tell my mom that you're coming over.
Okay, I'm coming!
Okay, I'm going to shut up now.
Okay, I'm leaving now.
Okay, I'm leaving.
Okay, I'm ready.
Okay, I've had enough for today. It's time to call it quits.
Okay, Tom, that's enough!
Okay, Tom, what's your last name?
Okay, Tom, you can open your eyes now!
Okay, and how much for anal?
Okay, and then?
Okay, calm down.
Okay, do what you want.
Okay, go home today.
Okay, just one handjob. Then we get back to work.
Okay, let me explain why I'm right and you're wrong.
Okay, let's begin.
Okay, let's do it.
Okay, let's get back to the matter at hand.
Okay, let's get down to the basics.
Okay, let's get fired up and go for it.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, let's say no more about it.
Okay, let's wait a little longer.
Okay, let’s go.
Okay, no problem.
Okay, okay, I'll think about it.
Okay, okay, I'm going now.
Okay, see you tomorrow!
Okay, thanks, I understand now.
Okay, that was bad timing.
Okay, that was kind of creepy.
Okay, that will do.
Okay, that's all for today.
Okay, that's clearly wrong.
Okay, that's enough for today.
Okay, this is crazy.
Okay, this is epic.
Okay, try again.
Okay, wait outside.
Okay, we'll convince them.
Okay, we'll meet tomorrow!
Okay, we'll take note of it.
Okay, we'll take note of that.
Okay, who are you?
Okay, yes, ehm... it's not a well-known rule, though, you see.
Okay, you caught me.
Okay, you two. That's enough.
Okay, you win.
Okay, you've won.
Okay.
Okay. Drive safely.
Okay. Hear me out. One, he started it. Two, I have important things on me. Three, everyone can testify that at the time, I told him not to hit me.
Okay. How much?
Okay. I give in.
Okay. I know.
Okay. I'll come as soon as I can.
Okay. Let's go to the pool.
Okay. Sorry.
Okay. To be precise, it is understanding the flaws that I don't.
Okay. What should I sing?
Okay... good... I was hoping for that.
Okay?
Okayama Prefecture's capital is Okayama City.
Oke speaks Yoruba, French, Arabic, and English.
Oke writes poetry in Yoruba.
Okey doke.
Okey-dokey.
Okey-dokey. See you next week.
Okie dokie.
Okinawa Prefecture's capital is Naha City.
Okinawa has a fine climate all year round.
Okinawa is different from Japan culturally.
Okinawa is the southernmost island in Japan.
Okinawa shows cultural differences from the rest of Japan.
Okinawans went from having the most healthy diet in Japan to the most unhealthy one.
Oklahoma City has an affordable housing market.
Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin signed into law last month a measure that granted teachers pay increases of more than $6,000 and funneled tens of millions of additional dollars to public schools.
Oklahoma has some nasty dust storms.
Oklahoma's panhandle used to be part of Texas.
Okonomiyaki itself is delicious, but it's a hit-or-miss depending on the restaurant that makes it.
Okot says that as a champion of a green revolution in Africa, she wants to inspire more women to become successful agri-business entrepreneurs.
Oksanka hid in the attic.
Oksanka hid upstairs.
Oktoberfest has often already ended by September.
Ol Chiki script is used to write articles in the Santali Wikipedia.
Olaf Stapledon takes his reader of the book Star Maker on a long astral journey through the universe with visits in strange farflung worlds.
Olaf Stapledon wrote sci-fi about humanity being still essentially an ape, as evolution would unfold as a two-billion-year rollercoaster ride. It was written in 1930, before major pollution and thermonuclear weapons. Will humankind really have time to still evolve?
Olaf is cooking tocino in the kitchen.
Old Acton, who is one of our county magnates, had his house broken into last Monday. No great damage done, but the fellows are still at large.
Old English literature was gnomic and alliterative.
Old English poetry was based on alliteration rather than end rhyme.
Old Latvian traditions are much more real and truer than today's generally accepted holidays.
Old MacDonald had a farm.
Old Man Tom is a great master at distilling moonshine.
Old Marley was as dead as a door-nail.
Old Mother Nature at once led the way around the pond to a small grove of poplar trees which stood a little way back from the water.
Old Mr Smith is saving as much money as he can.
Old Philip comes from the year 2012.
Old Prussia was competition for Bavaria.
Old Tom could use some fresh air.
Old age can be tough.
Old age creeps up on us before we know it.
Old age creeps upon us unnoticed.
Old age has arrived. The end is approaching.
Old age has undermined her memory.
Old age is a shipwreck.
Old age is an island surrounded by death.
Old age is like a second childhood.
Old age is merciless.
Old age is rather talkative.
Old age is something you don't believe in when you're young and are surprised by when you're old.
Old age is wisdom, my dear son; Not just white hair on the head when it's done.
Old age isn't pleasant.
Old age turns hair gray.
Old and crippled, he had courage enough to do the work.
Old and young, we are all on our last cruise.
Old as I am I soon became weary of the pursuit; so, leaning on my staff to support myself, and keeping my eyes on him that he might not escape, I asked him what neighbour he belonged to, and what he meant by trespassing in another person's garden.
Old as he is, he is very healthy and active.
Old as he was, he could barely climb the stairs.
Old assumptions are being challenged.
Old beliefs die hard even when demonstrably false.
Old birds are not caught with chaff.
Old birds sing, young birds twitter.
Old books are for writers, new ones for readers.
Old books are sold at this shop.
Old books are sold in this shop.
Old bread can sometimes be used as a mortal weapon.
Old bread isn't hard. No bread, that's hard.
Old broom knows every corner of a room, but the new cleans better.
Old buildings were pretty because they had a lot of decorations.
Old cheese is suitable if you want a crispy layer on a casserole in the oven, but if you just want to melt cheese, it is better to use fresh cheese.
Old cows eat tender grass.
Old customs are gradually being destroyed.
Old customs keep disappearing.
Old disputes are easily revived.
Old dog Spot, who was stretched upon the woodshed threshold, gazed at Snowball with a lofty air.
Old dogs can learn new tricks.
Old fashioneds are typically served with large ice cubes, which melt more slowly, preserving the drink's strength.
Old favors are soon forgotten.
Old files were kept in the archive.
Old friends and old wine are best.
Old friends called on me.
Old friends contacted me.
Old friends got in touch with me.
Old friends were invited to the reception.
Old habits are hard to break.
Old habits die hard.
Old habits die hard. This is particularly true of politics.
Old habits must be unlearned.
Old habits never change.
Old habits never die.
Old hens don't lay eggs.
Old homes, especially traditional Japanese ones, can be damp and unfriendly to modern life.
Old houses have thick walls.
Old in body but young at heart.
Old is eldest.
Old is gold.
Old love does not tarnish.
Old love never loses its luster.
Old man Jackson is a good banjo player.
Old men and comets are revered for the same reasons: their long beards and their pretensions to predict events.
Old men are apt to forget.
Old men are children twice over.
Old men are dangerous: it doesn't matter to them what is going to happen to the world.
Old men are the only ones who do that.
Old men created many religions.
Old men played pétanque under the plane trees.
Old men, you are just projecting the thoughts that you have about your own self.
Old pal! Where are you working now?
Old people appreciate being remembered.
Old people are inclined to look back on the past.
Old people are like that.
Old people are usually very wise.
Old people aren't always wiser than young people.
Old people catch colds easily.
Old people complain, but they don’t understand.
Old people deserve respect.
Old people die because they are no longer loved.
Old people don't like new ideas; they like to think that the world has lost something, rather than improved, since they were young.
Old people don't pay for bus tickets.
Old people don’t like new ideas; they like to think that the world has lost something, rather than improved, since they were young.
Old people get sick easily.
Old people get up early.
Old people get up very early.
Old people have difficulty understanding modern technology.
Old people have difficulty understanding new technology.
Old people have their own quirks.
Old people have two great advantages: they no longer have any toothaches, and they don't hear all the nonsense that is said around them.
Old people in supermarkets piss me off.
Old people like listening to themselves, even if they don't have anything to say.
Old people look back on the past too much.
Old people need someone to talk to.
Old people need something to live for.
Old people often talk to themselves.
Old people remember what interests them: the dates fixed for their lawsuits, and the names of their debtors and creditors.
Old people say that previously hot water was shut off all summer.
Old people think they are the only ones who are right.
Old people think too much about the past.
Old people wake up early.
Old people walk slowly.
Old people were tricked by the shop assistant.
Old people were young people before young people were people.
Old people's way of thinking drives me crazy.
Old photographs capture moments of laughter and joy.
Old practices died hard in the country.
Old quarrels are easily revived.
Old queen.
Old rich families used to employ a governess to look after their children.
Old rivalries have resurfaced.
Old school friends often try to keep in touch with one another.
Old soldiers never die, they simply fade away.
Old soldiers never die. They just fade away.
Old soldiers never die. They simply fade away.
Old stuff that doesn't fit any more can be used as cloths.
Old things don't become old, only new things do.
Old times!
Old traditions are crumbling away.
Old trains have their charm.
Old women like dating young men.
Old words often take on new meanings because of inventions and technology.
Old-timers might argue the Internet was freest during the Usenet days.
Older Esperantists still write "au^stra s^inko," "auxstra sxinko," or "austra shinko" for "aŭstra ŝinko" in the Internet. Such are accent substitutes.
Older Jewish socialists consider McCarthyism to have been a pogrom.
Older LPs, such as Amy Winehouse’s “Back To Black” and Fleetwood Mac’s “Rumours,” were also in the top 10.
Older adults are at risk for loneliness.
Older adults may develop epilepsy because of an infection, stroke or Alzheimer's disease.
Older athletes are more likely to get injured.
Older carpets are more valuable than newer carpets.
Older children tend to be less jealous than their younger sibling.
Older couples often appreciate cash more than gifts because they neither need nor have room for them.
Older dogs need a lot of sleep.
Older games did not have downloadable content. They only had patches and expansion packs.
Older generations also celebrate the holiday.
Older generations of my family are fluent in Telugu, but I can only manage basic conversation.
Older individuals in the study — who began playing an instrument at age 9 or younger and played music consistently throughout their lives — beat the non-musician group in all but visual memory.
Older men are usually very wise.
Older parents may be at a disadvantage because they didn't grow up in the Internet Age. But John Walsh recommends that they develop their computer skills, and learn the lingo, or shorthand phrases kids use when chatting on-line.
Older people are more likely to be scammed by tech support scammers than younger people.
Older people are more prone to injury.
Older people are often afraid of trying new things.
Older people get sick easily.
Older people often fear change.
Older people say they do understand, but that they need undisturbed sleep.
Older people still remember the Kennedy assassination.
Older teachers and staff members are at a higher risk of serious illness if they get the virus.
Older women give birth later.
Older workers tend to be more unhappy in their jobs.
Ole Einar Bjoerndalen from Norway won the biathlon 10km sprint.
Ole Einar Bjoerndalen has won 13 Olympic medals.
Ole Einar Bjørndalen from Norway won the biathlon 10km sprint.
Ole has a long gray beard.
Ole went from one antidepressant to another, trying to find the one with the fewest side effects.
Oleanders require little care.
Oleg German Shepherd playfully chased after Rima’s car.
Oleg Volkov, the deputy director of the local museum, tells a visitor that the Soviet authorities converted a Russian Orthodox monastery that had been built centuries before into the Solovki Gulag.
Oleg accidentally dropped the letter on the road.
Oleg accidentally kidnapped the wrong girl.
Oleg accidentally knocked Rima unconscious.
Oleg accidentally spilled juice on Rima.
Oleg actually loves Rima.
Oleg agreed to follow the rules left by Rima’s parents.
Oleg aimed the gun at Rima.
Oleg allowed the hostages to call their families.
Oleg also heard voices.
Oleg always answered the questions quickly.
Oleg always makes his father proud of his success.
Oleg always tried to destroy Rima’s happiness.
Oleg always visits Rima.
Oleg and Anna started to discuss what had happened.
Oleg and Rima are a couple of newlyweds.
Oleg and Rima arranged their meeting at the library.
Oleg and Rima became inseparable.
Oleg and Rima each sat in different rooms.
Oleg and Rima ended up together.
Oleg and Rima engaged in a warm conversation.
Oleg and Rima got dressed as king and queen.
Oleg and Rima got drunk, resulting in mindblowing lovemaking.
Oleg and Rima got engaged.
Oleg and Rima got separated.
Oleg and Rima got to know each other better.
Oleg and Rima had a complicated relationship.
Oleg and Rima had a vacation together.
Oleg and Rima had dinner together.
Oleg and Rima jogged together.
Oleg and Rima kissed awkwardly at first.
Oleg and Rima kissed like lovers.
Oleg and Rima love each other.
Oleg and Rima met in the elevator.
Oleg and Rima officially started dating.
Oleg and Rima passed each other in the corridor.
Oleg and Rima plunged into the water.
Oleg and Rima ran together while jogging.
Oleg and Rima shared a chocolate bar.
Oleg and Rima shared a hug.
Oleg and Rima stopped bickering.
Oleg and Rima wanted to have sex.
Oleg and Rima wanted to make love.
Oleg and Rima went outside for a walk.
Oleg and Rima were an elderly couple.
Oleg and Rima were back together.
Oleg and Rima were holding hands.
Oleg and Rima were in a Victorian tearoom.
Oleg and Rima were peacefully drinking cocktails.
Oleg and Rima will discuss this further.
Oleg and Rima yelled at each other in frustration.
Oleg and Rima’s conversation was interrupted by Walid.
Oleg and Rima’s wedding took place the next day.
Oleg and his friends entered the elevator together.
Oleg and his friends were pretty loud while hiking.
Oleg answered Rima.
Oleg answered correctly.
Oleg answered the phone.
Oleg apologized for offending Rima.
Oleg apologized to Rima for being too hard on her.
Oleg appeared in smiles.
Oleg approached Rima to kidnap her.
Oleg approached another tent.
Oleg arranged a meeting with Rima and Walid.
Oleg arrived at the hotel.
Oleg arrived at the school.
Oleg arrived in front of Rima’s house.
Oleg asked Rima about the owners of the house.
Oleg asked Rima if Walid was her boyfriend.
Oleg asked Rima out for a date.
Oleg asked Rima to be kind to his child.
Oleg asked Rima to come over.
Oleg asked Rima to continue at the same pace.
Oleg asked Rima to do something.
Oleg asked Rima to get out of the car.
Oleg asked Rima to leave but she refused.
Oleg asked Rima to leave him.
Oleg asked Rima to make a toast.
Oleg asked Rima to search for gas cans in the tool shed.
Oleg asked Rima to stop the car and surrender.
Oleg asked Rima to stop the experiment.
Oleg asked Rima to undress.
Oleg asked everyone to get out of the window.
Oleg asked some information about Rima.
Oleg asked the delivery guy to come back.
Oleg asked the ghost if he could walk through walks.
Oleg assumed the gazelle had been shot.
Oleg assured Anna she would be fine.
Oleg assured the kidnapped girl that he didn’t mean her any harm.
Oleg attacked Rima’s daughter.
Oleg attempted to help Rima.
Oleg attracted the cops’ attention to himself.
Oleg bandaged Rima’s wound.
Oleg banned Rima to talk to Walid.
Oleg beat Rima to death.
Oleg beat the terrorist unconscious.
Oleg became a teacher.
Oleg began a small lecture about witchcraft.
Oleg began to ask Rima about her personal life.
Oleg began to be jealous of Rima.
Oleg began to crawl towards Rima.
Oleg believed the alarm was false.
Oleg believes Rima is responsible for Walid’s death.
Oleg bit Rima’s finger.
Oleg blamed Rima for Walid’s death.
Oleg blamed his son-in-law.
Oleg blocked the passage with a bulldozer.
Oleg bought Rima a peach-scented perfume.
Oleg broke Rima’s glass.
Oleg broke a window.
Oleg broke into the Berber room.
Oleg broke the computer in a rage.
Oleg broke the glass.
Oleg brought a strange device to the field.
Oleg brought breakfast for Rima.
Oleg brought up the subject again.
Oleg buried the dead frog in a jar.
Oleg called his loved ones to say his farewells.
Oleg called some neighbors.
Oleg came across some more hikers.
Oleg came back to his tent.
Oleg came by the police station to deliver some evidence.
Oleg came in April 4, 2004.
Oleg came on the wedding day.
Oleg came out of one of the coffins.
Oleg came some time later.
Oleg came to pick Rima up.
Oleg came up with an excuse for the evening.
Oleg came with Rima to the wedding.
Oleg camped at a spot with anyone nearby.
Oleg camped by himself again the next night.
Oleg camped with different groups of people.
Oleg camped with other people.
Oleg can find someone new.
Oleg can help Rima with that case.
Oleg can’t be blamed.
Oleg can’t break into Rima’s house.
Oleg can’t concentrate at school.
Oleg can’t do it.
Oleg can’t leave the animal to suffer.
Oleg can’t really afford a Jaguar.
Oleg can’t stand violence.
Oleg can’t wait to end Rima’s life.
Oleg carried Rima home.
Oleg carried his father’s body out.
Oleg caught a few tadpoles.
Oleg caused Rima to fall.
Oleg changed Rima’s clothes.
Oleg chased Anna until she got out of the woods.
Oleg checked the patient’s condition.
Oleg cheerfully read the questions.
Oleg chose Anna as his target.
Oleg chose a cake for the wedding.
Oleg chose another woman’s photo and Rima got jealous.
Oleg chose both Rima and Walid.
Oleg chose that house again.
Oleg chose the city of Algiers as the launch site of his study.
Oleg chose to end his life on his own terms.
Oleg clicked the red button.
Oleg compared Rima to Walid.
Oleg completely forgot about Rima.
Oleg conducted an experiment.
Oleg confessed to Rima that she wasn’t the first one he had slept with.
Oleg confirmed Rima’s statements.
Oleg considered that the experiment was illegal.
Oleg considers the experiment unethical.
Oleg contemplated what to do with Rima.
Oleg continued the game.
Oleg continued to electrocute Rima.
Oleg continued to take notes without telling Rima anything.
Oleg convinced Rima to get in the van.
Oleg could do anything with Rima.
Oleg could see the good in Rima.
Oleg couldn't find his keys, but luckily, his roommate had a spare set.
Oleg couldn’t bring himself to speak.
Oleg covered Rima with a blanket.
Oleg crossed Rima off the list.
Oleg crouched down and cleaned up the mess on the floor.
Oleg decided to act.
Oleg decided to chase the criminal on his own.
Oleg decided to do some back-country hiking in Tennessee.
Oleg decided to refuse the invitation.
Oleg decided to search the house.
Oleg decided to work on his book.
Oleg decorated Rima’s body with flowers.
Oleg delivered Rima’s groceries.
Oleg demanded a ransom.
Oleg demanded everyone to lie on the floor.
Oleg denied being in love with Rima.
Oleg denied that him and Rima were together.
Oleg described the experiment in more detail.
Oleg developed forty variants of the experiment.
Oleg did it anyways.
Oleg did not find the doll.
Oleg did not finish what he started.
Oleg did not return to the house.
Oleg did nothing but drink his woes away.
Oleg did that not too long after.
Oleg didn't find the deer carcass.
Oleg didn't have much knowledge of that area.
Oleg didn't hear anything at first.
Oleg didn't move or make a sound.
Oleg didn't start a fire.
Oleg didn't touch the digital camera.
Oleg didn't want to make his presence known.
Oleg didn’t dare to interrupt Rima as she spoke.
Oleg didn’t get any sleep last night.
Oleg didn’t hesitate to approach Rima.
Oleg didn’t invite Rima to the rehearsal.
Oleg didn’t like girls with brown skin.
Oleg didn’t look up from the steering wheel.
Oleg didn’t stand up for Rima in front of Walid.
Oleg didn’t want to take Rima with him.
Oleg died in a fire.
Oleg died of lung cancer a few months ago.
Oleg died right on his birthday.
Oleg died very quickly without feeling anything.
Oleg disagreed with that formulation.
Oleg does not want to talk about his father.
Oleg does that in his spare time.
Oleg doesn't believe the sound was made by a jackal.
Oleg doesn’t have to pay royalties.
Oleg doesn’t know where Rima lives.
Oleg doesn’t want to cause harm to others.
Oleg doesn’t want to die.
Oleg doesn’t want to leave Rima like that.
Oleg doesn’t want to see Rima upset when they reunite.
Oleg drank his woes away.
Oleg drank wine and fell asleep.
Oleg drove to Rima’s cabin in the woods.
Oleg drugged Rima.
Oleg enjoyed camping by himself.
Oleg enjoyed camping in the middle of nowhere.
Oleg enjoyed scaring girls.
Oleg enjoyed the view.
Oleg enjoyed the waves.
Oleg escaped the angry mob.
Oleg experiments on rats.
Oleg explained that he and Rima were not dating.
Oleg failed to open the door.
Oleg fed the chocolate bar to Rima.
Oleg fell asleep on the couch.
Oleg fell asleep.
Oleg felt touched and shed tears.
Oleg finished collecting the change on the floor.
Oleg followed Rima there because he was worried.
Oleg followed the actions of the others.
Oleg forbade Anna from ever hiking alone.
Oleg forced Rima to run after Walid.
Oleg forced his German Shepherd away from the gazelle carcass.
Oleg forgot his umbrella, but luckily, it didn't rain.
Oleg found Rima naked with a man.
Oleg found Rima’s car.
Oleg found Rima’s family album.
Oleg found Rima’s grave.
Oleg found Rima’s house empty.
Oleg found a baby cougar in the woods.
Oleg found a body inside the tent.
Oleg found a decomposing body in the abandoned house.
Oleg found a deer carcass on his way to the campsite.
Oleg found a jar of piss on the floor.
Oleg found a moment to attack Rima.
Oleg found a nice hiding spot.
Oleg found a voodoo doll in the drawer.
Oleg found access to a secret passage.
Oleg found all of his exes online.
Oleg found another class.
Oleg found fresh buffalo tracks heading in that direction.
Oleg found the feather of an eagle on the grass.
Oleg found the house empty.
Oleg found the letter.
Oleg found the right girl.
Oleg found voodoo dolls in Rima’s liquor cabinet.
Oleg gathered around him a crowd of onlookers.
Oleg gave Rima Walid’s number.
Oleg gave Rima a blanket to keep herself warm.
Oleg gave Rima a candy bar.
Oleg gave Rima a pair of boots.
Oleg gave Rima clothes to change into.
Oleg gave Rima something to wear.
Oleg gave Rima the wrong answers.
Oleg gave Rima’s phone to the sheriff.
Oleg gave a correct answer.
Oleg gave a false answer.
Oleg gave no sign of life.
Oleg gave several assignments to his students.
Oleg gave the cops a description of the man.
Oleg got Rima to drink some water.
Oleg got a little closer to Rima.
Oleg got another woman pregnant.
Oleg got close to a huge oak tree.
Oleg got drunk and passed out in the shower.
Oleg got four years in prison.
Oleg got kidnapped.
Oleg got out of the car with his hands up.
Oleg got out of the way.
Oleg got punched in the face.
Oleg got startled by the gunshot.
Oleg got the cougar cub out of the hole.
Oleg got tricked by a woman at the party.
Oleg grabbed Rima by the neck.
Oleg grabbed a machete and hacked Rima to death.
Oleg greeted the couple.
Oleg grew a beard.
Oleg hacked Rima to death.
Oleg had a Texas upbringing.
Oleg had a disregard for manners.
Oleg had a flat tire, but luckily, there was a gas station nearby with a repair service.
Oleg had a great hunting day.
Oleg had a phone he used for emergencies.
Oleg had an impressive feather collection.
Oleg had an obsession for feet.
Oleg had blood everywhere.
Oleg had forgotten his lunch, but luckily, a kind colleague shared their meal with him.
Oleg had plans.
Oleg had some sort of strange obsession with feet.
Oleg had the option to stop the experiment at any time.
Oleg had the sensation that someone was near.
Oleg had to climb over the fence.
Oleg had to confess everything.
Oleg had to set up camp.
Oleg had women participating in the experiment.
Oleg has a beautiful family and Rima doesn’t want to get in the way of that.
Oleg has a car of the same make and color.
Oleg has a chance to confess.
Oleg has a chance to stay alive if he follows Rima’s orders.
Oleg has a reputation of being a playboy.
Oleg has a stigma against witches.
Oleg has already been accepted into a good university.
Oleg has always been kind to Rima.
Oleg has arrived to check on Rima.
Oleg has become important to Rima.
Oleg has become very aggressive.
Oleg has been disappointing Rima lately.
Oleg has been secretly looking at Rima.
Oleg has changed.
Oleg has completely forgotten Rima.
Oleg has forgotten about that.
Oleg has found a good book.
Oleg has grown obsessive.
Oleg has his own destiny.
Oleg has insecurities.
Oleg has just met his first deer.
Oleg has lost a lot of weight and has become quite cute.
Oleg has never seen a body before and doesn't want to.
Oleg has never seen an Algerian woman in his life.
Oleg has started to feel differently about Rima.
Oleg has to deal with being the subject of harassment.
Oleg has to find his stallion.
Oleg has to sell the Jaguar.
Oleg hated Rima four days ago.
Oleg headed back to camp.
Oleg headed out.
Oleg heard Rima’s footsteps.
Oleg heard Rima’s voice on the phone.
Oleg heard a branch fall.
Oleg heard a man's voice somewhere in the distance.
Oleg heard a noise that sounded like a tree falling.
Oleg heard jackals howling in the distance.
Oleg heard scary stories from other backpackers.
Oleg heard the call of the eagle.
Oleg heard the jackals howling.
Oleg heard the news.
Oleg heard the unpleasant news.
Oleg heard voices in his head.
Oleg held Rima’s hand and made her sit.
Oleg helped Anna find the stallion.
Oleg helped Rima escape.
Oleg helped Rima get to the office.
Oleg helped Rima study.
Oleg helped Rima through her disease.
Oleg hid from the girl.
Oleg hid on the other side of the ravine.
Oleg hid to creep Anna out.
Oleg hiked along the lake.
Oleg hiked to his summer cabin.
Oleg hiked to the lake.
Oleg hired a girl.
Oleg honked the car.
Oleg hunted deer for the first time.
Oleg hunted, fished and had a lot of fun in the woods.
Oleg hunts four-legged animals, but he can make an exception.
Oleg hurried to the dining room.
Oleg immediately became jealous.
Oleg immediately discovered Rima.
Oleg immediately froze up.
Oleg immediately gave the croissant to Rima.
Oleg immediately got out and went home.
Oleg immediately slapped Rima.
Oleg indulged in alcohol.
Oleg injured again his recently-recovered sprained ankle.
Oleg insisted that he wanted his mother.
Oleg insistently asked Rima to kiss him.
Oleg insulted the couple in every possible way.
Oleg intended to start changing his life.
Oleg intervened.
Oleg introduced himself as Walid.
Oleg introduced himself to Rima as a news correspondent.
Oleg invited Rima to express her feelings.
Oleg invited all his friends and family to welcome Rima.
Oleg is Rima’s friend and classmate.
Oleg is a Satanist.
Oleg is a coffin maker.
Oleg is a delivery guy.
Oleg is a fugitive criminal.
Oleg is a male stripper.
Oleg is a motel cleaner.
Oleg is a researcher.
Oleg is a volunteer.
Oleg is a well-educated individual.
Oleg is actually a naive and sweet boy.
Oleg is already gone.
Oleg is also coming to the wedding.
Oleg is also there.
Oleg is always by Rima’s side to cheer her up.
Oleg is always good to Rima.
Oleg is always in a hurry.
Oleg is always labeled as naive.
Oleg is always optimistic.
Oleg is an Algerian psychologist.
Oleg is an adult man.
Oleg is an athlete on the school’s basketball team.
Oleg is an expert in black magic and witchcraft.
Oleg is attending a party.
Oleg is completely lost in the woods.
Oleg is dating his nasty strict boss.
Oleg is from the car wash.
Oleg is from the judo club.
Oleg is going to hurt his family with that scam.
Oleg is happy that someone loves him.
Oleg is injured.
Oleg is madly in love with Rima.
Oleg is not interested in how many guys Rima had before.
Oleg is number forty.
Oleg is obsessed about achieving work-life balance.
Oleg is obsessed about finding the best deals and discounts.
Oleg is obsessed about his favorite sports team's performance.
Oleg is obsessed about his health and follows a strict diet.
Oleg is obsessed about his personal finances and budgeting.
Oleg is obsessed about his personal growth and self-improvement.
Oleg is obsessed about his upcoming job interview.
Oleg is obsessed about improving his public speaking skills.
Oleg is obsessed about learning meditation techniques.
Oleg is obsessed about planning every detail of his vacation.
Oleg is obsessed with collecting vintage vinyl records.
Oleg is obsessed with cooking gourmet meals.
Oleg is obsessed with his favorite TV show.
Oleg is obsessed with his fitness and works out daily.
Oleg is obsessed with learning new languages.
Oleg is obsessed with playing the guitar.
Oleg is obsessed with playing video games.
Oleg is obsessed with reading science fiction novels.
Oleg is obsessed with solving puzzles and riddles.
Oleg is obsessed with studying ancient civilizations.
Oleg is obsessed with training his German Shepherd.
Oleg is older than his seven siblings.
Oleg is surrounded by love and doesn’t want to ruin that.
Oleg is the experimenter.
Oleg is the one Rima needs.
Oleg is too far.
Oleg is trying to learn more about Rima.
Oleg is very cunning and manipulative.
Oleg is very good at cooking.
Oleg is very sensitive.
Oleg isn't afraid of anything, except wolves and bears.
Oleg joined the festivities.
Oleg jumped into the conversation.
Oleg jumped out the window.
Oleg just stood there like he was a statue.
Oleg keeps bringing tutors to teach Rima.
Oleg kept answering the questions.
Oleg kept checking to make sure that guy wasn't following him.
Oleg kept disappearing in the wildness.
Oleg kept looking behind.
Oleg kept staring at Rima’s empty chair.
Oleg kept the car for himself.
Oleg kept the horse for his herd.
Oleg kidnapped Rima intentionally.
Oleg kidnapped a billionaire’s daughter to demand a ransom.
Oleg kidnapped a girl from a gas station.
Oleg killed Rima with a splinter of the vase.
Oleg killed a girl in cold blood.
Oleg killed five men.
Oleg kissed Rima back.
Oleg kissed Rima unexpectedly.
Oleg knew Anna was a sprinter.
Oleg knew all the basics.
Oleg knew how the gazelle was killed.
Oleg knew that Rima really liked Walid.
Oleg knew that smell.
Oleg knocked all the flowerpots down.
Oleg knows Rima personally.
Oleg learned about the abduction of his daughter.
Oleg led Rima to the corridor.
Oleg left a letter for Rima.
Oleg left explosives.
Oleg left his phone with Rima.
Oleg left to track the jackals down.
Oleg left without reacting.
Oleg left without waiting for an answer.
Oleg left, leaving Rima and Walid alone.
Oleg let Rima go.
Oleg let Rima in.
Oleg let Rima manipulate him.
Oleg let go of his bad feelings towards wolves.
Oleg let out a gasp to alert Anna.
Oleg lied to both of them.
Oleg liked to joke.
Oleg likes Rima, not Skura.
Oleg likes the prettiest girl in town.
Oleg listened to Anna's voice grow louder and louder.
Oleg lived a quiet life with his mother.
Oleg lived debt-free.
Oleg lived off the grid.
Oleg lived there all this time.
Oleg lives in a nice quiet neighborhood in Algiers.
Oleg lives in a very rural village.
Oleg located the entrance to the hiking trail.
Oleg locked the screen door.
Oleg looked around him.
Oleg looked at the gum.
Oleg looked at the photo.
Oleg looked in the direction where the noise was coming from.
Oleg looked into his locker and found Rima’s invitation.
Oleg looked like a soldier who was about to go to war.
Oleg looked more closely.
Oleg looked through the front window.
Oleg lost control of the car for a while.
Oleg lost his job and girlfriend.
Oleg lost his mind and started shooting at the officers.
Oleg loves Rima and appreciates her with all her flaws.
Oleg made Rima editor-in-chief.
Oleg made Rima nervous.
Oleg made Rima promise not to tell her mother.
Oleg made Rima promise that she would take care of Walid.
Oleg made a mess in the room.
Oleg made a television series based on Rima’s story.
Oleg made sure that nobody was around.
Oleg managed to hide in Rima’s office.
Oleg managed to leave the school building.
Oleg memorized all the combinations.
Oleg messaged Rima on Walid’s phone.
Oleg met Rima before Walid’s wedding.
Oleg met Rima’s brother.
Oleg missed his train, but luckily, there was another one in 10 minutes.
Oleg missed the bus, but luckily, he caught the next one just in time.
Oleg mistook the hostages for jokers.
Oleg moved down the hallway.
Oleg named his goddess Rima.
Oleg named his price.
Oleg needed only Rima.
Oleg needed to go back to his deer.
Oleg needs a new keyboard.
Oleg needs to check how the patient is doing.
Oleg needs to find someone with whom he would spend the rest of his life.
Oleg needs to go to the hospital immediately.
Oleg needs to prove himself to the elders.
Oleg never interacted with Rima.
Oleg never put a bridle or a saddle on that horse.
Oleg never returned.
Oleg noticed Rima’s bleeding arm.
Oleg noticed a hole in the ceiling.
Oleg noticed the chemistry between Rima and Walid.
Oleg obeyed the boss.
Oleg offered Rima a ransom of four million dinars.
Oleg offered Rima money to sleep with him.
Oleg often experimented with drugs.
Oleg opened his locker and noticed an invitation to the prom from Rima.
Oleg opened the door after hearing someone knocking.
Oleg opened the liquor cabinet.
Oleg opened the screen door.
Oleg opened the trunk.
Oleg ordered Rima to come out.
Oleg ordered Rima to kill whoever did that.
Oleg ordered Rima to return to bed in a stern tone.
Oleg overheard the statement.
Oleg paid the four men for their participation in the project.
Oleg painted the officer as racist.
Oleg passed away from a heart attack.
Oleg pedalled his bicycle.
Oleg performed a Satanic ritual.
Oleg performed a voodoo ritual.
Oleg photographed people.
Oleg picked up Anna's camera and took a picture of her in her sleeping bag.
Oleg pinned Rima on the floor.
Oleg planned to get married soon.
Oleg played innocent.
Oleg played it cool and denied knowing Rima.
Oleg playfully pushed Rima away.
Oleg pointed to an opening in the woods.
Oleg pondered Rima’s words.
Oleg practiced martial arts.
Oleg praised Rima’s experiment.
Oleg prepared some snacks.
Oleg pretended that the packet in his pocket was a gun.
Oleg promised to be good.
Oleg promised to help Rima out.
Oleg promised to kill Rima.
Oleg proposed and Rima accepted and walked away.
Oleg proposed to Rima many years ago.
Oleg proposed to Rima properly.
Oleg provided the same wrong answer.
Oleg pulled out a piece of paper.
Oleg pulled out for a walk in the middle of the night.
Oleg punished Rima with four hundred volts.
Oleg pushed Rima.
Oleg pushed Rima’s car off the road.
Oleg questioned the authenticity of Rima and Walid’s relationship.
Oleg quickly fixed the problem.
Oleg quickly saved Rima.
Oleg quickly took Rima to the hospital.
Oleg quickly walked away from the door.
Oleg quietly searched the house.
Oleg quit the experiment.
Oleg ran for as far as he could.
Oleg ran to warn everyone.
Oleg re-expressed his love for Rima.
Oleg reached the Algerian border.
Oleg reached the desert.
Oleg reached the master bedroom.
Oleg reacted quickly.
Oleg read Rima’s toxicology report.
Oleg realized Walid was gay.
Oleg realized he made a mistake.
Oleg realized it wasn’t the case.
Oleg realized that he could not escape.
Oleg received Rima.
Oleg received a scar on his arm.
Oleg received forty letters in a couple of weeks.
Oleg received only forty letters.
Oleg recognized Rima on the street.
Oleg recognized the sound of Anna's voice.
Oleg recovered.
Oleg refused to kiss Rima.
Oleg regained consciousness.
Oleg regained his happiness.
Oleg regretfully told Rima that her family was dead.
Oleg regretted more and more that he started that game.
Oleg regularly calls Rima.
Oleg regularly calls to find out where his girlfriend is.
Oleg released Rima.
Oleg reluctantly let Rima go.
Oleg remained alive.
Oleg remained shocked by Rima’s gesture.
Oleg remembered his previous conversation with Rima.
Oleg remembered the names of his exes.
Oleg reminisces his memories with Rima.
Oleg repeated the experiment four times.
Oleg repeatedly said: "Love me."
Oleg reported Rima to the police.
Oleg reported what he had just seen.
Oleg requested to participate in the experiment.
Oleg rescued Anna's puppy from a snake.
Oleg rescued the horse from the flames.
Oleg responded by pressing specific keys.
Oleg restored Rima’s doll.
Oleg returned from the beach.
Oleg returned to Rima’s room.
Oleg returned to his apartment.
Oleg returned to say goodbye to his mother.
Oleg returned to school after a walk.
Oleg returned to the movie theater to see Rima.
Oleg revealed all his evil plans to destroy Rima and Walid’s relationship.
Oleg sacrificed himself to save Rima.
Oleg said Rima was a useless child.
Oleg said Rima was fated to be with him.
Oleg said a ghost started chasing him.
Oleg said a prayer in Rima’s room.
Oleg said he could prove it to Rima.
Oleg said he wasn’t afraid.
Oleg said that it was too little.
Oleg said the coin has been in his family for four hundred years.
Oleg sang all along the experiment.
Oleg sat at the table.
Oleg sat in a subway car.
Oleg saved Anna from a cougar.
Oleg saved Rima’s life.
Oleg saved someone who was drowning.
Oleg saved the teacher.
Oleg saw Rima and Walid hugging.
Oleg saw Rima’s burned face.
Oleg saw Rima’s kissing footage.
Oleg saw Rima’s work.
Oleg saw a man yelling at a girl.
Oleg saw corpses falling out of the truck onto the road.
Oleg saw four dark figures.
Oleg saw good in others.
Oleg saw something moving in the dark.
Oleg saw the smoke signals of the Indians.
Oleg scares Rima a lot.
Oleg scolded them.
Oleg searched Rima’s pockets for anything that could help.
Oleg secretly captured the moment when Rima and Walid were kissing in the classroom.
Oleg seemed happy with Rima.
Oleg sent Rima a book as a gift.
Oleg sent a letter to Rima.
Oleg should be there.
Oleg should use this knowledge to get what he wants from any woman.
Oleg showed Rima how the experiment was performed.
Oleg silently stared at the ocean.
Oleg slammed the hammer on Rima’s head.
Oleg slept little that night.
Oleg slept on the floor.
Oleg soon got leukemia and died.
Oleg soon intervened.
Oleg soon realized that Rima wasn’t Skura.
Oleg spent a weekend in Algeria.
Oleg spoke again.
Oleg spotted a blue van parking by Rima’s house.
Oleg sprained his ankle while camping.
Oleg spread rumors about Rima.
Oleg spread rumors that Rima and Walid were dating.
Oleg stabbed Rima with a teaspoon.
Oleg stabbed the voodoo doll with a dagger.
Oleg stared out the window.
Oleg started calling Rima.
Oleg started chasing Rima.
Oleg started hearing barking and growling noises.
Oleg started jumping on the bed with joy.
Oleg started parodying Rima’s Kabyle accent.
Oleg started sharing a rumor about Rima.
Oleg started showing Rima the order of the day.
Oleg started strangling Rima.
Oleg started the car.
Oleg started to officiate the wedding.
Oleg started to say Anna's name.
Oleg started walking around the house.
Oleg stayed in the house for a while.
Oleg stayed longer than expected.
Oleg still heard the girl’s cries for help.
Oleg still swears that the man who attempted to break into his house was Leonid.
Oleg still works as a bartender.
Oleg stopped by to pick up the girl.
Oleg stopped the action.
Oleg strangled Rima from behind.
Oleg studied Rima’s reactions.
Oleg studied parapsychology.
Oleg suddenly fainted.
Oleg suddenly kissed Rima and it was as if time had stopped.
Oleg supported communism.
Oleg supported fascism.
Oleg survived that horror.
Oleg swam in the pool.
Oleg takes a highly toxic hallucinogenic.
Oleg talked about another experiment.
Oleg talked about his book.
Oleg talked about his deepest likes and dislikes.
Oleg talked about his feelings for Rima.
Oleg talked only about work.
Oleg talked to himself.
Oleg talked to the horse.
Oleg talked with the father of the family.
Oleg taught Anna survival skills and how to defend herself.
Oleg thanked Rima for her hospitality.
Oleg thought about his family.
Oleg thought about what he had done.
Oleg thought he was starting to go crazy.
Oleg threatened Rima with a machete.
Oleg threatened to kill Rima if the cops didn’t let Walid go.
Oleg threatened to kill himself by jumping out the window.
Oleg threatened to kill one person every four minutes.
Oleg threw away the gum.
Oleg threw himself into the sea to retrieve the rope.
Oleg tied a fishing hook to the leaf.
Oleg told Anna to keep running.
Oleg told Rima about the article.
Oleg told Rima an old story.
Oleg told Rima he really liked her.
Oleg told Rima that her grandfather passed out.
Oleg told Rima to continue and she obeyed.
Oleg told Rima what to do.
Oleg told everyone to stay in their seats.
Oleg took Anna to meet the medicine man.
Oleg took Rima back to Algiers.
Oleg took Rima for his ex-wife.
Oleg took Rima inside.
Oleg took Rima to a bar.
Oleg took Rima to a pub.
Oleg took Rima to his sister’s house.
Oleg took a picture of Anna asleep in her tent.
Oleg took a student hostage.
Oleg took his German Shepherd for a walk in the countryside.
Oleg took his sister’s car.
Oleg took out the knife Anna had given him.
Oleg took out the knife to show the hunter that he wasn't completely helpless.
Oleg took part in a behavioral experiment.
Oleg took part in that famous experiment.
Oleg took payment for a fake job.
Oleg took responsibility for the consequences.
Oleg took the students out of school.
Oleg took the teaspoon from the cup and stabbed Rima in the neck.
Oleg took witchcraft classes.
Oleg tossed the concoction Rima gave him.
Oleg tracked Anna back to her tent.
Oleg tragically died on the spot.
Oleg tried not to injure anyone.
Oleg tried not to show it.
Oleg tried once again to convince Rima that he had changed.
Oleg tried to be friends with Rima.
Oleg tried to escape from the dining room.
Oleg tried to get rid of Rima.
Oleg tried to hide the knife.
Oleg tried to justify his actions.
Oleg tried to take control of the situation.
Oleg tripped and almost fell, but luckily, he managed to regain his balance.
Oleg turned into an owl and flew away.
Oleg turned on Rima’s favorite music.
Oleg turned on the computer to catch up on some of his work.
Oleg turned out to be strong.
Oleg unclothed Rima.
Oleg understands the language of animals.
Oleg unpacked a stack of change and accidentally spilled the coins.
Oleg urged Rima to go after Walid.
Oleg used a bow to kill the gazelle.
Oleg used his hunting skills.
Oleg used the concoction to protect himself from curses.
Oleg used the speakerphone.
Oleg used to have a job at a local video store.
Oleg visited Rima yesterday.
Oleg visited all the popular camping spots on the Appalachian Trail.
Oleg visited the train station.
Oleg voluntarily participated in the experiment.
Oleg walked down the trail and ignored the noises.
Oleg walked in a diagonal manner across the field to try and cut us off.
Oleg walked into the treeline.
Oleg walked the rest of the trail.
Oleg wanted to brighten the evening by playing a game with Rima.
Oleg wanted to catch some fish.
Oleg wanted to destroy Rima and Walid’s relationship.
Oleg wanted to get revenge against the hyena.
Oleg wanted to get rid of Rima.
Oleg wanted to get rid of his past life.
Oleg wanted to get some distance between him and the other hikers.
Oleg wanted to go check the tent out.
Oleg wanted to know Rima’s whole family.
Oleg wanted to pass on his skills to Anna.
Oleg wanted to solve everything in peace.
Oleg wanted to take Rima to an island for a vacation.
Oleg wanted to throw up.
Oleg wants to avoid being deported.
Oleg wants to become a chief.
Oleg wants to become president in the future.
Oleg wants to go to Algeria with Rima.
Oleg wants to play with Rima.
Oleg wants to support Rima.
Oleg warned Rima to be careful.
Oleg was a fake actor.
Oleg was a fake student.
Oleg was a test subject.
Oleg was able to injure Rima.
Oleg was about to freak out.
Oleg was about to leave.
Oleg was actually very wealthy.
Oleg was almost camouflaged in the foliage.
Oleg was almost running.
Oleg was alone in a big house with a tragic story.
Oleg was an Algerian scientist.
Oleg was angrily walking towards Anna.
Oleg was annoyed by the rumors.
Oleg was arrested for serious misconduct.
Oleg was at a high school reunion party.
Oleg was at his beach house.
Oleg was at the North Pole.
Oleg was attacked by Rima.
Oleg was back without his cattle.
Oleg was barely conscious.
Oleg was being filmed.
Oleg was betrayed.
Oleg was browsing for movies.
Oleg was camping by himself.
Oleg was carrying something under his arm.
Oleg was chasing Anna with a small knife.
Oleg was chasing after Anna through the ravine.
Oleg was clearly off his rocker.
Oleg was complaining of pain.
Oleg was concealed in a brush.
Oleg was convicted unfairly.
Oleg was disappointed in his friends.
Oleg was distracted by Rima’s daughter.
Oleg was disturbed by nightmares.
Oleg was engulfed in the flames of the firestorm.
Oleg was ex-military.
Oleg was feeling unwell, but luckily, his symptoms improved overnight.
Oleg was freaked out by Anna's story.
Oleg was frozen in shock.
Oleg was gasping for air.
Oleg was getting closer to where we were.
Oleg was given the chance to live forever as a ghost but he refused.
Oleg was glad for that.
Oleg was going to town.
Oleg was happy to see Rima and Walid together.
Oleg was having fun.
Oleg was having his car cleaned at the car wash.
Oleg was heavily built.
Oleg was hiking back down.
Oleg was hiking back to the camp.
Oleg was hiking the Appalachian Trail.
Oleg was holding a gun.
Oleg was home alone because his parents were at work.
Oleg was horrified by that figure.
Oleg was humiliated by that.
Oleg was immediately discovered and killed by the special forces.
Oleg was immediately shot by special forces.
Oleg was immediately surrounded by police.
Oleg was impressed by that.
Oleg was in Rima’s classroom.
Oleg was in a walkable area of the forest.
Oleg was in his room at the hospital.
Oleg was in love with Rima.
Oleg was in the dining room.
Oleg was in the woods with his Shepherd dog.
Oleg was inside Rima’s house.
Oleg was introduced as a psychologist.
Oleg was looking at something on the ceiling.
Oleg was looking for a spot to camp off the trail.
Oleg was lost in the city, but luckily, he found a map and was able to navigate his way.
Oleg was mean to his horse.
Oleg was more social.
Oleg was moving aggressively.
Oleg was near the beach.
Oleg was nearby.
Oleg was nervous about the presentation, but luckily, his colleague offered to help.
Oleg was not electrocuted.
Oleg was not forced.
Oleg was not upset by the news at all.
Oleg was on a less frequented hiking trail.
Oleg was on the fourth floor.
Oleg was on the other side.
Oleg was on the speakerphone.
Oleg was once bitten by a snake.
Oleg was only forty yards away from the tent.
Oleg was overcome by his conscience.
Oleg was passing by.
Oleg was petrified.
Oleg was photographed.
Oleg was playing golf.
Oleg was preparing to take a photo of the woods.
Oleg was pretty dirty.
Oleg was promoted to editor.
Oleg was reading the paper.
Oleg was ready to stay alone that night.
Oleg was reminded about that.
Oleg was running away from someone.
Oleg was running down the trail.
Oleg was running late for work, but luckily, there was no traffic on the road.
Oleg was scandalized by that.
Oleg was scanning the forest to make sure he wasn't being followed.
Oleg was scared he might go to jail.
Oleg was scared in the forest.
Oleg was shaking pretty bad.
Oleg was shocked by what was happening.
Oleg was silent.
Oleg was singing a song.
Oleg was sleeping in his sleeping bag.
Oleg was slightly electrocuted.
Oleg was slightly intimidated by Rima’s father.
Oleg was specialized in social relations.
Oleg was staring Anna down.
Oleg was staring Anna right back.
Oleg was still angry because of what happened at lunchtime.
Oleg was still at home.
Oleg was stopped and detained by special forces.
Oleg was stuck in a long line, but luckily, it moved quickly, and he didn't have to wait for long.
Oleg was surprised by what he saw.
Oleg was surrounded by tools.
Oleg was talking to Anna through the screen door.
Oleg was the man who betrayed Rima.
Oleg was the son of the sheriff.
Oleg was told to leave.
Oleg was transporting prisoners.
Oleg was trying to give the police a signal.
Oleg was unable to contradict the boss.
Oleg was unable to resist.
Oleg was up there with his mom.
Oleg was very excited about the whole thing.
Oleg was very happy about that meeting.
Oleg was waiting for the babysitter in the living room.
Oleg was walking along the railroad tracks.
Oleg was walking towards the pond.
Oleg was watching television.
Oleg was wearing sandals or flip-flops.
Oleg was with Rima that night.
Oleg was with his girlfriend.
Oleg was woken up.
Oleg was worried about his family finding out.
Oleg was worried about the exam, but luckily, he had studied hard and passed with flying colors.
Oleg wasn't 100% that it was Anna.
Oleg wasn't on social media.
Oleg wasn’t even sure how old he was.
Oleg wasn’t exactly sure what to say to Rima.
Oleg wasn’t human.
Oleg watched Anna walking through the forest.
Oleg watched a Japanese biographical film.
Oleg watched a Japanese thriller film.
Oleg watched a movie.
Oleg watched as the firestorm was approaching.
Oleg watched one of Rima’s old family videos.
Oleg went away.
Oleg went back down.
Oleg went back to bed.
Oleg went back to his cabin in the woods.
Oleg went downstairs to eat dinner.
Oleg went into another room.
Oleg went on a five-day hiking trip.
Oleg went outside.
Oleg went to Rima.
Oleg went to Rima’s house.
Oleg went to a Renaissance fair.
Oleg went to a bar.
Oleg went to an organic beauty store.
Oleg went to buy some stuff.
Oleg went to his father.
Oleg went to his summer cabin.
Oleg went to inform Rima.
Oleg went to pick berries.
Oleg went to someone’s wedding.
Oleg went to the dining room.
Oleg went to the immigration office.
Oleg went to the shower to clean himself up.
Oleg went to the toilet where Rima was.
Oleg went with them.
Oleg will be blamed for everything.
Oleg will be fined forty thousand dinars.
Oleg will be given a life sentence.
Oleg will be going to his hometown.
Oleg will be kind in return.
Oleg will be remembered by people.
Oleg will do anything possible to save his daughter.
Oleg will find his way home tomorrow in the daylight.
Oleg will get to the ravine first.
Oleg will have to fend for himself.
Oleg will have to kill all the hostages.
Oleg will live forever as a ghost.
Oleg will never get married.
Oleg will never marry Rima.
Oleg will not be negatively affected.
Oleg will not come to the wedding alone.
Oleg wished Rima good luck.
Oleg wished he had another son.
Oleg withdrew from the celebration.
Oleg woke up in Rima’s house.
Oleg woke up in the evening.
Oleg won a cooking competition.
Oleg wondered why the sheriff called him.
Oleg won’t be seen by anyone.
Oleg won’t let Rima keep the family album for herself.
Oleg won’t let Rima kill Walid.
Oleg wore a porcelain mask.
Oleg worked as a clown at children’s parties.
Oleg worked in a remote place.
Oleg would never harm Rima.
Oleg wrote Rima’s phone number on an apple.
Oleg wrote down the names of all the girls he had ever slept with.
Oleg's German Shepherd was barking at a bramble bush.
Oleg's brain was on red alert.
Oleg's car broke down, but luckily, a friendly stranger stopped to help him.
Oleg's computer crashed, but luckily, he had recently backed up all his important files.
Oleg's door had a deadbolt.
Oleg's door is almost always locked.
Oleg's folks must be very worried about him.
Oleg's horse can jump over ravines.
Oleg's horse had a mud bath.
Oleg's horse was afraid of hyenas.
Oleg's house had a total of five outside doors.
Oleg's phone battery died, but luckily, he had a portable charger with him.
Oleg's stallion is strong and very brave.
Oleg's voice was too far away to discern what he was saying.
Oleg’s attitude changed.
Oleg’s cigarette lighter fell to the floor.
Oleg’s citizenship was confirmed.
Oleg’s class was singing a song.
Oleg’s daughter was pregnant.
Oleg’s death remained a mystery.
Oleg’s destiny is Rima.
Oleg’s door slammed shut.
Oleg’s experiment began.
Oleg’s experiment demonstrates how people could be cruel.
Oleg’s grandfather is fine.
Oleg’s group was disbanded.
Oleg’s guests have already started partying.
Oleg’s house is completely empty.
Oleg’s kidnapping was announced again.
Oleg’s laughter was offensive to Rima’s parents.
Oleg’s love affair with Rima ended.
Oleg’s mom recently died.
Oleg’s movie was released in 2004.
Oleg’s movie will be released in 2024.
Oleg’s music box was broken.
Oleg’s place is already empty.
Oleg’s plane flew off just then.
Oleg’s teddy bear was in the room in a sitting position.
Oleg’s wife is pregnant.
Olena called Igor and cancelled the date.
Olena sold her village house to buy a flat.
Olga Buzova is a close friend of Aishat Kadyrova and is very popular with the Chechen youth.
Olga and her husband sold sickles and scythes in Volyn.
Olga has been playing the cello since she was 8 years old.
Olga is learning a Chopin nocturne.
Olga is such a puritan, she won't even swear.
Olga isn't a prejudiced person.
Olga waited for Vera in vain.
Oli London is a completely empty, soulless grifter.
Oli London paid a lot of money to look like that.
Olia is going to the doctor.
Oligarchs' private planes are sometimes shot down by drones.
Oligarchy means "government by the few".
Olive and fig trees are a central feature of Kabylie, Algeria.
Olive leaf attacks bad bacteria that can cause illness while still maintaining the good bacteria in your body.
Olive oil has a strong flavor.
Olive oil has many medicinal properties.
Olive oil is emblematic of Kabylie.
Olive oil is extracted from olives.
Olive oil is perishable.
Olive oil is too expensive.
Olive oil production has significantly declined in Kabylie.
Olive trees are native to Algeria.
Oliver Wang says the current generation of Asian-Americans grew up seeing more Asian faces on television locally and through satellite. He says Asians are no longer stereotypes. And now they can see how other Asians like to be seen, like in the music video “Boba Life,” created by comedians The Fung Brothers.
Oliver asked his parents, Tom and Mary, where do children come from.
Oliver crashed Tom and Mary's car into a tree because he was distracted by his friends.
Oliver crashed his parents' car into a tree because he was distracted by his friends.
Oliver fixed the squeaky door.
Oliver found out that his new girlfriend is an illegal alien.
Oliver found out that his new girlfriend is an illegal immigrant.
Oliver has an acne problem.
Oliver is a Swiss citizen.
Oliver is a thrill-seeker.
Oliver is flying a brown kite in the blue sky.
Oliver is going to fly a cyan kite in the blue sky.
Oliver likes playing with Lego bricks.
Oliver likes to play with Lego blocks.
Oliver likes to play with Playmobil.
Oliver thought that his parents, Tom and Mary, weren't setting rules or monitoring his whereabouts.
Oliver uses Clearasil.
Oliver watched the sunrise.
Olives are a Mediterranean crop.
Olives are salty and filling.
Olives aren't my thing.
Olives grow on olive trees.
Olivia adores her baby.
Olivia and Emma are friends.
Olivia and the baby laughed together.
Olivia baked Gabor a cake to give to him.
Olivia bathed the baby carefully.
Olivia became a widow and she never remarried.
Olivia calls herself a bird-lover who hopes to one day become an ornithologist.
Olivia came out to the pool in a bikini.
Olivia captured Janos's attention.
Olivia carried the baby everywhere.
Olivia carried the baby.
Olivia changed the baby's diaper.
Olivia couldn't give an ending to the story.
Olivia couldn't stop thinking about her Prince Charming.
Olivia cradled the baby lovingly.
Olivia cuddled her baby.
Olivia diced tomatoes for salsa.
Olivia doesn't appear very much.
Olivia fed the baby milk.
Olivia fed the hungry baby.
Olivia fell in love with the vibrant culture of Rio de Janeiro.
Olivia gave her lover five million dinars.
Olivia got into beauty pageants.
Olivia has just lost her husband.
Olivia heard her husband calling her name.
Olivia held the baby gently.
Olivia is falling in love with Gabor's son.
Olivia kissed the baby's cheeks.
Olivia lived in Algeria with her Algerian boyfriend.
Olivia loves her baby.
Olivia married an ordinary salesman.
Olivia painted a sunset.
Olivia plans to start her new business here, in Algiers.
Olivia played peek-a-boo with the baby.
Olivia played with the baby.
Olivia read a captivating novel.
Olivia read stories to the baby.
Olivia rocked the baby gently.
Olivia rocked the baby to sleep.
Olivia rode a horse.
Olivia said that a 19th century French-American ornithologist who painted and described the birds of North America in his book Birds of America was her inspiration.
Olivia sang lullabies to the baby.
Olivia shook her boyfriend awake.
Olivia shrieked and grabbed onto Janos.
Olivia sings to her baby.
Olivia stabbed her boyfriend almost to death.
Olivia tickled the baby.
Olivia told her husband what just happened.
Olivia tried to call her husband on the phone.
Olivia tried to get her husband's attention.
Olivia used Janos's chest as a pillow.
Olivia wanted so badly to make up with her boyfriend.
Olivia will never be able to breastfeed.
Olivia wore a stunning red dress.
Olivia's baby is cute.
Olivier acted the part of Hamlet.
Olmert expected Hezbollah fighters to give up without fighting.
Olmert thought that Hezbollah would fall in a matter of days.
Olsson says testimony before the court has established the defendants as highly-regarded investigative journalists with extensive experience in challenging and sometimes dangerous environments.
Olum is walking.
Olya ordered this manhua from Taiwan.
Olya took part in an archaeological expedition.
Olya's father, uncle and grandfather are all sailors.
Olya's laptop is still under repair.
Olympic athletes live in the Olympic village for the duration of the games.
Olympic athletes still aren't paid for participating in the Olympics, even though a lot of money is being made off them.
Olympic athletes tend to be physically attractive.
Olympic organizers started the women’s marathon at 6 a.m. local time, an hour earlier than planned, in an effort to avoid extreme heat and humidity.
Olympic-size swimming pools are fifty meters long.
Olympus Mons, an inactive volcano on Mars, spreads over an area as large as the state of Arizona.
Olympus? Isn't that where Greek gods hang out or something?
Olympus? Isn’t that where Greek gods hang out or something?
Olé! Olé!
Omar Khayyam died when he was 83 years old in his very own city of Nishapur on the day of 4 December 1131. He was buried in what is today the mausoleum of Omar Khayyam.
Omar Sharif, a real heart-throb in his day, died at the age of 83.
Omega is the last letter of the Greek alphabet.
Omegle is a great website for people who like chatting with foreign people.
Omelets are my specialty.
Omelettes are my speciality.
Omicron is spreading rapidly.
Omid is Baha'i.
Omid is Bahá'í.
Omid is Persian.
Omid is a Persian Christian.
Omid is an Iranian Christian.
Omigod!
Omigod! I didn't know that!
Omigod, Tom, this is so nice!
Omission is a perfectly good example of an expression technique, and is brought up in many grammar books.
Omit needless words!
Omit this word in your sentence because it's not necessary.
Omri doesn't trust Wikipedia.
Omri doesn't use Facebook.
On 1,000 hectares, the employees will be working full-time to cultivate and harvest vegetables irrigated by sprinklers rotating on 20 huge pivots.
On 12 January 1837, the first grammar of Hawaiian was presented to the Royal Academy of Science in Berlin by Adalbert von Chamisso.
On 14 November 1922, the BBC broadcast its first programme.
On 15 July 2016, the Gülenists attempted to stage a coup in Turkey, which ended in failure.
On 15 October 2019, two other churches affiliated to the Protestant Church of Algeria were closed in northern Algeria.
On 16 October 2019, Islamic Algerian authorities sealed Church Tafath, serving 150 congregants at the time of closure.
On 18 October 1967, Venera 4 became the first spacecraft to measure the atmosphere of another planet.
On 9 November 1989, the wall fell.
On Apollo 9 and Apollo 10 missions, further testing of the lunar landing craft were carried out. This paved the way for the success of Apollo 11 in landing on the lunar surface.
On April 1, Alva lost her glasses.
On April 1, Nanyo Foods Co. Ltd. will move to its new building in Yokohama.
On April 12, 1961 Yuri Gagarin became the first human to orbit Earth.
On April 17, 1970, Apollo 13 splashes down safely in the Pacific Ocean after the crew and NASA engineers surmounted what seemed like impossible odds in a story that captivated the entire planet. The mission started off well, but when the spacecraft was over 200,000 miles from Earth, an oxygen tank exploded during a routine check, all but crippling the spacecraft. NASA decided the best way back to earth was to slingshot around the moon. During the trip back, the crew of astronauts, James A. Lovell, John L. Swigert and Fred W. Haise, endured freezing temperatures, limited power, shortage of water and toxic levels of carbon dioxide. Many consider the safe return of Apollo 13 one of NASA’s finest moments. The saga was made into a movie in 1995.
On April 22, 1970, thousands gathered to raise awareness about the importance of protecting our beautiful planet for future generations.
On April 22, 65-year-old Canadian singer-songwriter Gordon Lightfoot will begin a 35-date North American tour. He'll be promoting his 2004 album Harmony, which he released after suffering a near-fatal abdominal hemorrhage in 2002. Lightfoot was in a coma for six weeks following surgery and spent three months in the hospital.
On April 24, 2020, the Hubble Space Telescope celebrates its 30th year in orbit by premiering a never-before-seen view of two beautiful nebulas named NGC 2020 and NGC 2014.
On April 30, 1945, Adolf Hitler committed suicide.
On April 30, 1945, for the first time in his life, Adolf Hitler did something right.
On April 4, 2004, Skura gave birth to baby Yanni.
On April 7, President Obama announced more than $100 million in grants to support high school models that better prepare students for college and the careers of the future.
On Ash Wednesday, priest draw ashen crosses on their parishioners foreheads.
On Aug. 25, 1989, an 8-year-old girl with cystic fibrosis wrote in her journal that it was "the most best day" because scientists had "found a Jean for Cistik fibrosis."
On August 19 2013, the Hurricane Sandy Task Force delivered a rebuilding strategy that is serving as a model for communities across the nation.
On August 19, 1960, the Soviet spacecraft Korabl-Sputnik 2 carried two dogs—named Belka (Squirrel) and Strelka (Little Arrow)—into space and returned them safely to Earth.
On August 3, 2004, NASA launched the MESSENGER mission to Mercury. It will fly by Earth, Venus, and Mercury itself several times before settling into orbit around our innermost planet in March 2011.
On August 3, 2010, President Obama signed the Fair Sentencing Act, which reduces the disparity in the amounts of powder cocaine and crack cocaine required to trigger certain penalties in the federal system, including imposition of mandatory minimum sentences.
On August 3, 2014, Islamic State militants invaded Iraq’s Sinjar province brutally attacking, killing, displacing, and enslaving hundreds of thousands of Yazidis in their ancient homeland in the country’s north.
On August 31, 1950, another V-2 was launched and carried an unanaesthetized mouse that was photographed in flight and did not survive impact.
On August 6, 1945, the Americans dropped the atomic bomb on Hiroshima.
On August 9, 1945, the Americans dropped an atomic bomb on Nagasaki.
On August 9th, 1887, I got married.
On Calvary’s cross, where you and I were ransomed, Jesus Christ measured out His blood equally for each one of us.
On Children's Day, more than 50 bicycles were donated.
On Children's Day, traditionally a holiday on which people pray for the growth of boys, armor is displayed at home.
On Children’s Day, traditionally a holiday on which people pray for the growth of boys, armor is displayed at home.
On Christmas Day, Tom still had his right leg in plaster.
On Christmas Day, Tom's right leg was still in a cast.
On Christmas Day, Tom’s right leg was still in a cast.
On Christmas Day, in his message to the city and the world, Pope Francis stressed the importance of being open to dialogue to resolve the large number of conflicts, crises and disagreements that exist in today’s world.
On Christmas Day, many families open presents together.
On Christmas Day, people often greet each other with "Merry Christmas!"
On Christmas Day, we always eat turkey with all the trimmings.
On Christmas Eve, many people go to church.
On Christmas and Easter, the church is full.
On Christmas day, Tom still had his right leg in plaster.
On Christmas, many companies give their employees a basket full of food and drinks.
On Christmas, the city streets are adorned with beautiful lights and decorations.
On Commercial Drive in Vancouver, BC, there was a fascinating Arabian-style restaurant, where there were colourful cushions and fabrics on the floor to sit and eat food.
On December 10, 1991, the European Parliament awarded Adem Demaçi the prestigious Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought.
On December 12, 1949, the last V-2 monkey flight was launched at White Sands. Albert IV, a rhesus monkey attached to monitoring instruments, was the payload. It was a successful flight, with no ill effects on the monkey until impact, when it died.
On December 13, 1981 martial law was declared in Poland.
On December 14th, 2013, a Chinese space ship landed on the Moon.
On December 15th, 1859, Ludoviko Lazaro was born, the first son. Four other sons and three daughters were to follow later.
On December 22, 1960, soviet scientists attempted to launch Damka ("Little Lady") and Krasavka ("Beauty") on a Korabl Sputnik. However, the upper rocket stage failed and the launch was aborted. The dogs were safely recovered after their unplanned suborbital flight.
On December 23rd 1690, John Flamsteed observed Uranus without realizing that it hadn't been discovered before.
On December 24, 1968, Apollo 8 astronauts Frank Borman, Jim Lovell, and Bill Anders became the first humans to orbit the moon.
On December 24, 1968, Apollo 8 astronauts Frank Borman, Jim Lovell, and Bill Anders became the first humans to witness the Earth rising above the moon's barren surface.
On December 27th 1923, the crown prince was shot by Daisuke Namba.
On December 27th of the 12th year of the Taisho era, the crown prince was shot at by Nanba Daisuke.
On December 31, 1946, President Truman officially declared the end of World War II.
On December 3rd, 1967, Doctor Barnard was able to perform the first human heart transplant.
On December 5 2013, President Obama signed a Presidential Memorandum directing the federal government to buy at least 20% of its electricity from renewable sources by 2020.
On December 7th 1941 Japanese fleet consisting of 6 aircraft carriers: Akagi, Kaga, Hiryū, Sōryū, Shōkaku, and Zuikaku and additional two line battleships: Hiei und Kirishima were spotted on the traverse to the Oahu island, Hawaii.
On December fourth, Tom was ripped from his home and kidnapped to an unknown location.
On Diwali holiday, also known as the “festival of lights,” Indians decorate their homes with candles and lanterns and set off fireworks.
On Donald's planet, plants have brains.
On Donald's planet, the plants are blackish.
On Earth there are five oceans.
On Earth, many languages are spoken.
On Earth, new oxygen is produced from plants through the process of photosynthesis.
On Earth, phosphine is only made industrially or by microbes that thrive in oxygen-free environments.
On Earth, policymakers decried the "all-in-one-basket" doctrine of the Earth Is Our Home Society.
On Earth, the forces of gravity and friction dissipate the kinetic energy of a moving body, causing it to stop.
On Earth, there is life everywhere you look.
On Facebook, Leon even accepted people he didn't know.
On Facebook, there's a "like" button, but where's the "hate" button?
On Fat Thursday Tom always eats at least 10 doughnuts.
On February 13 I'll be able to say I'm 35 years old.
On February 13, 2023, the Equatoguinean Ministry of Health and Social Welfare confirmed an outbreak of Marburg Virus Disease (MVD), and on March 21, 2023, Tanzania’s Ministry of Health confirmed a separate outbreak of MVD.
On February 14 Americans celebrate St. Valentine's Day.
On February 14 Americans celebrate St. Valentine’s Day.
On February 14th, Americans celebrate Valentine's Day.
On February 21, 2017, Mehriban Aliyeva was appointed First Vice-President of the Republic of Azerbaijan.
On February 26, President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev and First Lady Mehriban Aliyeva visited the Khojaly Genocide Memorial in Baku’s Khatai district to commemorate the 33rd anniversary of the genocide, which remains a dark chapter in human history of the XX century.
On February 27, I'm free all afternoon.
On February 27th, I'll be free all day.
On February 4, 1960, when we landed the aircraft within 100 yards of the 16 wolves on Intermediate Lake, the animals eventually scattered into the woods. A few minutes later we heard some howling, which soon increased in volume until the entire pack seemed to be involved. The whining, yelping, and howling (much of which was high-pitched) continued for about 30 seconds and then gradually diminished; a few single howls were emitted after the chorus had subsided. Tracks later showed that the wolves had assembled on a small knoll, where most of the howling probably originated.
On Friday I go to the market to get some potatoes and eggs.
On Friday I help Mother make challah for Sabbath.
On Friday evenings, a group of us with spouses working overseas meet at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
On Friday evenings, a group of us with spouses working overseas meet at Chuck’s Bar and Grill.
On Friday morning, Algiers is virtually empty.
On Friday night, three men came into Mr White's hotel and asked for rooms.
On Friday night, three men came into Mr White’s hotel and asked for rooms.
On Friday nights, I often go eat pizza with my friends.
On Friday we have a housewarming party!
On Friday we will have a press conference.
On Friday, Algiers is empty.
On Friday, the Greenland official government website posted this comment: “We have a good cooperation with USA, and we see it as an expression of greater interest in investing in our country and the possibilities we offer. Of course, Greenland is not for sale. Because of the unofficial nature of the news, the Government of Greenland has no further comments.”
On Friday, the pope presided over a late-night Way of the Cross service, which commemorates the final hours of Jesus’ life, in Saint Peter’s Square.
On Friday, there is little traffic in Algiers.
On Fridays I put on comfortable clothes to work.
On Fridays and Saturdays, I watch TV in the evenings.
On Fridays, I go to work in jeans.
On Halloween night, Tom and Mary went trick-or-treating together.
On Halloween night, children dress up in costumes and grab bags before heading to the streets of their communities to trick-or-treat.
On Halloween, Ziri creepily decorated the backyard with fake ghosts and skeletons.
On Halloween, Ziri wore a really cute outfit.
On Hanukkah it is customary to eat foods fried in oil.
On International Women's Day in 2007, then-U.S. Secretary of State Condeleeza Rice established the International Women of Courage Award to be presented to women who have shown leadership, courage and resourcefulness.
On Israeli radio, the most bizarre myths concocted by the American and European far right are treated as though they go without saying and serve as a boogyman to scare anybody who might want to push for more moderate policies.
On Israeli radio, the most bizarre myths concocted by the American and European far right are treated as though they go without saying and serve as a boogyman to scare anyone who might want to push for more moderate policies.
On January 16, 1919, the 18th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which prohibited the “manufacture, sale, or transportation of intoxicating liquors for beverage purposes” is ratified. The move came after decades of activism by Americans concerned about the ill effects of alcohol. Prohibition effectively moved the alcohol business into the hands of organized crime, leading to a spike in the crime rate. The 18th Amendment was repealed in 1933.
On January 20, 2014, Americans use the national holiday to recognize the efforts of the civil rights leader, Rev. Martin Luther King.
On January 27, 1967, the cockpit of Apollo 1 caught fire during a practice countdown. United States astronauts Edward White II, Virgil Grissom, and Roger Chaffee died in the fire.
On January 27th, 1945, Auschwitz was liberated by the Red Army.
On January 5th, in the afternoon, the Wise Kings parade in carriages through every city in Spain.
On January the first, kids have their hair cut for the first time.
On Jul 18th Mark/Space released an updated version of Missing Sync for Windows Mobile for the Mac OS X.
On July 1, 2013, Croatian became the twenty-fourth official language of the European Union.
On July 10 multiple media outlets reported that several Daesh (ISIL) militants set five oil wells south of Mosul on fire in an attempt to slow the advance of the government army.
On July 10, 1962, the U.S. Patent Office, now the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, issues a patent for the three-point seat belt. The inventor was Swede Nils Bohlin, who worked for the Swedish automaker Volvo. Four years later, Congress passed a law requiring all new cars to include the three-point seat belt. While there have been some tweaks to Bohlin’s original, today’s seat belts are basically his design. Seat belts are credited with reducing traffic fatalities by 50%, and today it is estimated that more than 80% of Americans wear them when driving.
On July 10, 2025, a meeting was held between the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan and the Prime Minister of the Republic of Armenia in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, and various aspects of the Azerbaijan-Armenia interstate normalization agenda were discussed.
On July 10, President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev and Prime Minister of the Republic of Armenia Nikol Pashinyan held a meeting in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, initially with the participation of their delegations.
On July 10, we will open our Sapporo branch.
On July 11, 1775, Josiah wrote to John in Philadelphia that the best method of securing the coastwise navigation of the colonies was by row-galleys.
On July 11, 1979, after more than six years in space, the Skylab space station re-entered the Earth's atmosphere. Most of Skylab burned up upon re-entry. A few fragments fell to the ground in an uninhabited part of Australia.
On July 11, President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev received Mariam Kvrivishvili, Georgia’s Minister of Economy and Sustainable Development.
On July 15, 2020, at the United Nations, Morocco through its diplomat, His Excellency Mr. Omar Hilale, officially and openly supported the right of the Kabyle people to self-determination.
On July 16, 1439, King Henry VI banned kissing in England to curtail the spread of the plague.
On July 19, a meeting was held in Khankendi between President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev and participants of the 3rd Shusha Global Media Forum, held under the theme “Digital Pathways: Strengthening Information and Media Resilience in the Age of AI.”
On July 20 1969, Armstrong and Aldrin landed the Lunar Module Eagle on the Moon's Sea of Tranquility at 4:18 p.m.
On July 20, 1969 Commander Armstrong and fellow astronaut Edwin Aldrin successfully touched down on the lunar surface.
On July 20, 1969, American astronauts Neil Armstrong and Edwin Aldrin set foot on the lunar surface – the first men on the moon.
On July 20, 1969, Neil Armstrong left the Lunar Module Eagle and became the first human to set foot on the Moon. He was soon followed by his fellow astronaut, Edwin "Buzz" Aldrin.
On July 27, after a 48 meter excursion, Opportunity’s odometer clicked in at 40.25 kilometers.
On July 29, 1939, by a resolution of the Supreme Council of the BSSR, the capital of Belarus, Miensk, was renamed Minsk, even in the Belarusian version.
On July 3, President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev attended the inauguration of the Ahmadbayli-Fuzuli-Shusha highway.
On July 3, President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev, President of the Republic of Uzbekistan Shavkat Mirziyoyev, and President of the Kyrgyz Republic Sadyr Zhaparov visited Shahbulag Castle in Aghdam.
On July 4, 1776, the Continental Congress formally endorsed the Declaration of Independence.
On July 4, President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev received a delegation of the United Arab Emirates led by Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber, Minister of Industry and Advanced Technology, in Khankendi.
On July 7, President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev received a delegation of Pakistan led by Sardar Ayaz Sadiq, Speaker of the National Assembly.
On July 9, President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev held a meeting with Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, President of the United Arab Emirates, in Abu Dhabi.
On July sixteenth, nineteen sixty-nine, three American astronauts lifted off in Apollo 11.
On July tenth, the veto was announced.
On June 11, 1948, a V-2 Blossom launched into space from White Sands, New Mexico carrying Albert I, a rhesus monkey.
On June 12, 2016, a GLOF near Mount Everest sent 2 million cubic meters of water toward the Nepalese village of Chukhung.
On June 12, Algeria will have its next legislative election.
On June 14, 1949, a second V-2 flight carrying a live Air Force Aeromedical Laboratory monkey, Albert II, attained an altitude of 83 miles. The monkey died on impact.
On June 16,1963 Valentina Tereshkova was launched into space aboard Vostok 6. She became the first woman to travel in space.
On June 18 at the Niigata city aquarium, 7000 fish died because of a mistake by an employee.
On June 21st, 1974, JosÃ© had breakfast with Liliana for the last time.
On June 21st, 1974, José had breakfast with Liliana for the last time.
On June 26, thousands of young Algerians paid homage to Matoub Lounes.
On Kodiak Island, some bears can weigh up to a ton.
On Lulu Island during Halloween back in the 1970s, I could fill a whole plastic garbage bag with candies from the neighbours.
On Lulu Island, I know several people who have heritage from the Cree, a First Nations people from the Prairies.
On Lulu Island, I was a regular customer at the American-style diner Friendly Banners since 2017, but after it closed, I became a regular customer at the cafe Starbucks nearby since 2018. In 2021, I became a regular customer at also Yummy Slice Pizza, on the island.
On Lulu Island, my neighbour Linda, who is part-Cree and was born in a barn in Alberta, is a tenant of a big, fig-treed, Hispanic-style house of three Chinese women, one of whom, Julia, uses a wheelchair and has a special van for a wheelchair.
On Lulu Island, my younger brother had a gerbil, but we had to set it free in the sandbox of the school playground, before we had to go south to visit California. No one could take care of it, whilst we were away.
On Lulu Island, the Cantonese neighbours, the mister and the mistress have four grownup children, Sherman, Teresa, Edmond, and Vicky. Their entrance is festively decorated with red paper and logograms. Sherman has been to the PRC. The latter three children have children of their own.
On March 1, President Donald Trump has signed an executive order making English the official language of the United States.
On March 15 we will have been married for 20 years.
On March 19th, Minna Canth's Day, or Equality's Day, is celebrated in Finland.
On March 21, Gavidia called 911 from his cellphone.
On March 23, 2010, President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law, putting in place comprehensive reforms that improve access to affordable health coverage for everyone and protect consumers from abusive insurance company practices.
On March 23, Ed will be among several star acts premiering new videos at the YouTube Music Awards.
On March 25, 1949, the Moscow regime began the deportation of over 90,000 people from Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
On March 6, 1857, the United States Supreme Court rules on the case of Dred Scott v. Sandford, effectively declaring that blacks, slaves or freemen, could not be U.S. citizens. Furthermore, it ruled that the Missouri Compromise of 1820, which ensured pro- and anti-slavery states would be added to the union in pairs to preserve balance, was unconstitutional. The decision inflamed and widened the differences between pro- and anti-slavery Americans, ultimately leading to the Civil War.
On March 7, 2024, Sweden became a member of NATO.
On March 8th, people give flowers to women.
On Mary's head was a garland of daisies and cornflowers.
On May 13, 1888 slavery was officially abolished in Brazil.
On May 14, 1973, a two-staged Saturn V rocket propelled the 90 metric ton unmanned Skylab space station into an orbit above Earth.
On May 18, 1944, on trumped-up charges, the authorities of the USSR began deporting Tatars from Crimea, as well as Germans, Armenians, Bulgarians, and Greeks.
On May 18, a young Japanese couple was arrested after their one-year-old baby was found wrapped in a plastic bag and dumped in a gutter.
On May 30, we will know the results of the election.
On May 6, 2014, the Administration released the Third U.S. National Climate Assessment (NCA), the most authoritative and comprehensive source of scientific information to date about climate change impacts across all U.S. regions and on critical sectors of the economy.
On May 8, 1945, France carried out in Algeria one of the most horrendous massacres in human history.
On Mercury, a day lasts three months.
On Mid-Autumn Day, families gather, eat moon cake together, and watch the moon.
On Monday I have to take back the books to the library.
On Monday I want you to go training.
On Monday evening at six, the funeral pyre will be lit by his widow and by his son—the current king of Cambodia.
On Monday evening, Armenians still reeling from the dramatic turn of events reacted with everything from smug determination to exuberant optimism to deep skepticism.
On Monday night, around one hundred rebels came to the city's waterfront.
On Monday, I'm going to visit my sister in Boston.
On Monday, Tom made it plain he wasn't yet ready to throw in the towel.
On Monday, Tom made it plain that he wasn't yet ready to throw in the towel.
On Monday, his condition improved slightly.
On Monday, it was really cold.
On Monday, she gave birth to her first child.
On Monday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average experienced its worst rout since 1987’s "Black Monday."
On Monday, the Pearson Publishing House will launch an ambitious advertising campaign for Real Life, a highly anticipated new novel from Korea.
On Monday, the Pierson Publishing House will launch an ambitious advertising compaign for Real Life, a highly anticipated new novel from Korea.
On Monday, we went to the pool.
On Monday, we'll be getting some rain.
On Monday, we'll get some rain.
On Mondays the buses are late more often than not.
On Mondays, I usually go swimming.
On Mondays, he's always at home.
On Mondays, the buses are late more often than not.
On Mondays, we usually go bowling.
On New Year's Day many Japanese go to the shrine to worship.
On New Year's Day, I like to get up in time to watch the sun come up.
On New Year's Day, many people visit neighborhood shrines.
On New Year's Eve, I have a nice, warm hot chocolate with regular and large sized churros.
On New Year's Eve, Putin thanked Russia's citizens for their willingness to stand for the country's interests.
On New Year's Eve, Putin thanked the citizens of the Russian Federation for their willingness to stand for the country's interests.
On New Year's Eve, Tom kissed Mary at midnight.
On New Year's Eve, the trains will run all night.
On New Year's Eve, the whole world celebrates the date changing. I, however, would rather celebrate the date when things in the world change.
On New Year's Evening the people in the Netherlands eat oliebollen.
On New Year’s Day many Japanese go to the shrine to worship.
On New Year’s Day, many people visit neighborhood shrines.
On New Year’s Eve, the trains will run all night.
On Nov. 12, the lagoon city suffered a particularly severe event that caused significant damage to its buildings, churches and cultural heritage.
On Nov. 18, 1929, a magnitude 7.4 Mw earthquake occurred 155 miles south of Newfoundland along the southern edge of the Grand Banks, Canada.
On Nov. 30, 2020, NASA astronaut Kate Rubins harvested radish plants growing in the Advanced Plant Habitat (APH) aboard the International Space Station.
On November 15th the seven-five-three festival when parents with boys of five, girls of seven and either boys or girls of three dress, celebrate children’s maturation, dress them in gay clothes and take to shrines where they pray for their children’s future.
On November 19, Country legend Charlie Daniels will host the 11th annual "Christmas For Kids Benefit Concert" at Nashville's Ryman Auditorium. Also on the bill are Montgomery Gentry, Chris Young, Rodney Atkins and Taylor Swift. Proceeds go to 300 local school children, who will be escorted to a Wal-Mart store on December 18. Each will receive $150 to spend on anything they want. The children will be chauffeured from their schools to Wal-Mart by a Country star's luxury tour bus.
On November 2, Germany implemented a four-week partial shutdown to bring the rate of new infections under control.
On November 3rd, 1957, Sputnik 2 blasted into Earth orbit with a dog named Laika aboard. Laika, which is Russian for "Husky" or "Barker," had the real name of Kudryavka ("Little Curly").
On November 9, 1989, the wall fell.
On November 9th, 1989, days of protests resulted in crowds gathering on both sides of the Berlin Wall. Border guards were outnumbered, and for the first time since 1961, Berliners from East and West mixed freely.
On November seventh, they reached the Pacific Ocean.
On October 15, 2023, President Ilham Aliyev raised the National Flag of the Republic of Azerbaijan in the city of Khojaly.
On October 18, 1963, French scientists launched the first cat into space on a Veronique AGI sounding rocket No. 47. The cat, named Félicette, was successfully retrieved after a parachute descent.
On October 18, 1991, when Azerbaijan gained its independence it declared itself the political and legal successor of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic and demonstrated its commitment to its ancient traditions of statehood.
On October 20, 2013, Tom married Mary in Boston.
On October 20, Tom died and was replaced by an identical clone.
On October 20th I returned to Tom.
On October 20th, I'll be 30 years old.
On October 27, 2020, Amy Coney Barrett was sworn in as a U.S. Supreme Court Justice.
On October 7, 2023, Hamas led a massive surprise attack on Israel.
On Pluto, ice turns directly into gas and this is called sublimation.
On Purim it is customary to drink wine.
On Purim people eat Haman's Ears.
On Rosh Hashanah it is written, and on Yom Kippur it is sealed.
On Saturday I went to the zoo, and a monkey, who wouldn't stop screeching, pulled my hair.
On Saturday I'm having an exam.
On Saturday afternoons, millions of people forget the trials and tribulations of their day-to-day lives.
On Saturday afternoons, millions of people forget their everyday worries.
On Saturday evenings everybody in the family had a bath one after another in an old tin bath in front of the fire.
On Saturday evenings, everyone in the family had a bath one after another in an old tin bath in front of the fire.
On Saturday night and all day Sunday, my cell phone rang incessantly, as a mortified Tom tried to apologize.
On Saturday nights, it's difficult to find parking around here.
On Saturday they decided to just doss around at the park.
On Saturday we went to the cinema and then to a restaurant.
On Saturday we went to the movies, then to the restaurant.
On Saturday you do physical education.
On Saturday, Biden slipped while playing with his 2-year-old German shepherd.
On Saturday, Tom is having a party in his garden.
On Saturday, World Cities Day, U.N. agencies urged governments to make cities more resilient and better able to bounce back from the adverse impact of COVID-19-induced health, environmental and other disasters.
On Saturday, dad belongs to the children.
On Saturday, the pope will hold an Easter Vigil inside Saint Peter’s Basilica.
On Saturday, we went to the cinema, and then to a restaurant.
On Saturday, we went to the movies and then to a restaurant.
On Saturday, we're having a barn-raising event for the Johnsons.
On Saturday, you don't need to come in to the office.
On Saturdays I often get up at noon.
On Saturdays, Gustavo cooks a special dinner.
On Saturdays, Gustavo goes to the farmers' market.
On Saturdays, Gustavo practices meditation.
On Saturdays, Gustavo visits art galleries.
On Saturdays, Gustavo visits his favorite coffee shop.
On Saturdays, Gustavo visits his grandparents.
On Saturdays, Gustavo volunteers at a local animal shelter.
On Saturdays, Gustavo volunteers at a local shelter.
On Saturdays, Gustavo volunteers at the local library.
On Saturdays, I don't go to school.
On Saturdays, Tom likes to play slap bass on the balcony.
On Saturdays, we usually visit in this park.
On Saturdays, we usually visit this park.
On September 11, 2001, sculptor Michael Richards was working in his studio in the World Trade Center when a plane hit the floor he was on and killed him.
On September 20, 1951, a monkey named Yorick and 11 mice were recovered after an Aerobee missile flight of 236,000 feet at Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico. Yorick got a fair amount of press as the first monkey to live through a space flight.
On September 26, 1959, the strongest typhoon in Japan's recorded history hit Nagoya.
On September 3rd, I will go from Los Angeles to Seoul with a friend.
On Sunday Donald Trump, the President of the United States, called his new Secretary of Defense Mark Esperanto.
On Sunday I will go to the library.
On Sunday he often went fishing.
On Sunday he will come alone.
On Sunday morning, most of us were Skyping or calling home as our families had their reunion dinners (morning in the U.S. is evening back home). My family reminded me that although it might be my first Chinese New Year without "yee sang", they would be keeping my "ang pows" for me when I get back. Hopefully! 🙂
On Sunday mornings she gets up late.
On Sunday service can be slower than usual.
On Sunday she fielded questions from children and revealed she likes nothing more than to wear a “nice cardigan” and “very comfortable shoes,” likes “hedgehogs, elephants and hares,” and that her favorite hobby is “growing potatoes.”
On Sunday we put the clock forward.
On Sunday we voted.
On Sunday we were on the beach flying a kite.
On Sunday we will travel to Germany.
On Sunday, Francis will celebrate Easter Sunday mass and deliver his Urbi et Orbi blessing to the city of Rome and to the world.
On Sunday, I go to church.
On Sunday, I play tennis with Emi.
On Sunday, I will play tennis with Emi.
On Sunday, Lewis's casket was carried across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama, where the one-time "Freedom Rider" was among civil rights demonstrators beaten by state troopers in 1965.
On Sunday, Tom went hop-picking on the farm.
On Sunday, at the blink of an eye, everything changed.
On Sunday, it'll be sunny.
On Sunday, the museum is closed.
On Sunday, we don't work.
On Sunday, we won't be eating at home.
On Sunday, we would get up early go fishing.
On Sundays I don't always remain at home.
On Sundays I go to the library.
On Sundays I relax.
On Sundays I rest.
On Sundays we can all sleep in.
On Sundays, I always play sports for a bit.
On Sundays, I get up at midday.
On Sundays, I'm not at home.
On Sundays, Tokyo's streets are full.
On Sundays, he would often come here for a chinwag.
On Sundays, my father does nothing but watch TV.
On Sundays, my father does nothing but watch television.
On Sundays, shops stay closed.
On Sundays, the entrance fee to the museum is reduced.
On Sundays, the museum is not open.
On Sundays, we go to church.
On Sundays, we would get up early and go fishing.
On TV someone with a serious look on his face is talking about the problems of our country's future.
On TV someone with a serious look on his face is talking about the problems of our country’s future.
On TV we saw Mummy's office in flames.
On TV we saw Mummy’s office in flames.
On Tatoeba, "Cookie" is a wildcard name for any pet.
On Tatoeba, adding example sentences in non-native languages is frowned upon by some users.
On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.
On Tatoeba, it's forbidden to write that Tatoeba is a dictatorship.
On Tatoeba, knowing a second language can be useful.
On Tatoeba, there are a lot of grammatically correct but strange sentences, hardly comprehensible out of context.
On Tatoeba, there are more than 250,000 sentences in Spanish!
On Tatoeba, users don't use Tom's name in their sentences. Tom attracts sentences to him during the post process.
On Tatoeba, what is the percentage relationship between the number of adopted sentences and the total number of orphaned sentences?
On Tatoeba, you can learn various languages.
On Tatoeba, you can't translate more than 15 sentences on a page.
On Thursday I have swimming practice.
On Thursday a fierce hurricane will reach our country.
On Thursday we're going to the garden.
On Thursday, much of South Korea will quiet down as students in their third and final year of high school complete a test that is widely seen as having an oversized impact on one’s academic, professional and even marital prospects.
On Thursday, the Nepalese climber reached the top of Pakistan's Gasherbrum II mountain, setting a new record by scaling all of the world's 14 tallest peaks—all higher than 8,000 meters—for a second time.
On Thursday, things changed.
On Thursday, we went to the pool.
On Thursdays we go to the movies.
On Thursdays, I always eat at the same restaurant.
On Thursdays, we drink beer.
On Tisha B'Av, Jews mourn the losses of the First and Second Temples.
On Titan, a dark methanic river flows into a methanic lake surrounded by a desert of dunes.
On Tom's birthday, Mary baked him a cake with 'I like stoats' written on it in Gothic script.
On Tom's death in 1998, Mary paid tribute to his personal qualities.
On Tom's first visit to another inhabited planet he found it disconcerting to be referred to as an extraterrestrial.
On Tuesday I woke up at 7:00 AM and got ready for work.
On Tuesday evening I received telegrams from both Colonel Ross, the owner of the horse, and from Inspector Gregory, who is looking after the case, inviting my co-operation.
On Tuesday, a third alternate juror, a white man who said he works as an accountant, was the last person chosen over a two-week period to try the case.
On Tuesday, it was really cold.
On Tuesday, police announced they had arrested more than 150 rowdy opposition supporters around the country who “ran amok” and vandalized property belonging to ruling party supporters.
On Tuesday, she became the first Black woman, the first American and the first professional entertainer to enter the Pantheon, reserved as the final resting place for just dozens of France’s greatest, including Victor Hugo, Voltaire, and Marie Curie.
On Tuesday, we're going to Paris.
On Uber now.
On Uber.
On Valentine's Day, every girl yearns for a candle-lit dinner in a fancy restaurant with good company.
On Venus, within minutes, the space probe that landed melted in the heat.
On Wednesday, their single “Fake Love” was among the top 10 songs in Billboard’s Hot 100 list, making BTS the first K-pop group to debut a song in the top 10.
On Wednesday, they cut off my power.
On Yennayer, many Algerian girls wear a Kabyle dress to school.
On YouTube, there must be something like a billion great documentaries.
On a 19x19 lines board, Go is played with 361 stones (181 black and 180 white).
On a December day at the rehabilitation clinic outside the capital, addicts recited their serenity prayers and sought refuge from the friends and social environment many said encouraged them to drink, shoot heroin, snort cocaine, or abuse any of a litany of hard drugs.
On a Thursday morning at the state Hall of Records in Annapolis, Maryland, about 60 kilometers east of Washington, D.C., a dozen or so people were in the microfilm room, looking at photocopies of land deeds, tax rolls, and church records dating back to the 1630s, when Maryland was first founded as a British colony. Another 10–15 people were in the main hall, carefully transcribing documents often worm-eaten and brittle with age, the words within them sometimes grossly misspelled.
On a bad road like this, I can't do more than thirty kilometers an hour.
On a barge, floating on a river, a variety of crops are being nurtured.
On a beach in the south of France, some women were returning from a swim and sunbathing topless. Although at first a little surprised, having come from a country with more conservative customs, Mary decided that if men didn't have to wear a shirt, it was only fair that women shouldn't have to either.
On a beautiful Sunday afternoon on the White Plume ranch, several young Lakota men and women are hard at work helping to attach gutters to the roof.
On a bright December morning long ago, two thinly clad children were kneeling upon the bank of a frozen canal in Holland.
On a bright sunny day like this, we'll probably all get sunburned.
On a bus or a train one must pay a fare.
On a carousel horse, you will not go very far!
On a case-by-case basis, in accordance with legislation, the environmental assessment branch will consider requests from members of the general public to undertake an environmental review.
On a certain Friday night in November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, did business occasion you to travel between London and Dover by the mail?
On a certain Monday afternoon, a single horse carriage stopped in front of the hotel where I was staying.
On a certain occasion I was in Rodin’s studio when reference was made to some harsh criticism of one of his nudes.
On a clear October day, Naini Lake shimmers in the afternoon sun as boatmen row tourists across the hill resort’s prime attraction nestled amid lush, pine-clothed Himalayan peaks.
On a clear day, the lighthouse can be viewed from a great distance.
On a clear day, we can see Mt. Fuji from here.
On a clear day, we can see Mt. Fuji in the distance.
On a clear day, you can see Mt. Fuji from here.
On a clear day, you can see Mt. Fuji.
On a clear night you can see the Milky Way in the sky.
On a clear, dark night, our eyes can see about 6,000 or so stars in the sky.
On a clear, dark night, we can see about 6,000 or so stars in the sky.
On a cold December morning in the year 1612, a young man, whose clothing was somewhat of the thinnest, was walking to and fro before a gateway in the Rue des Grands-Augustins in Paris.
On a cold day, soldier Ali was standing in the camp. He was thinking about his mission: protecting the border. He knew his mission was difficult, but he had a brave heart. One day, he heard a distant explosion. Ali and his colleagues ran towards the sound. They reached the attack site, and faced the enemy. Ali was afraid, but he knew he had to defend his homeland. After a long fight, they returned to the camp. Ali was tired but happy that he had protected his homeland.
On a corner outside the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City there is an altar full of flowers, candles, food items and pictures.
On a couple of occasions I thought he was out of his mind.
On a crowded platform not too far from Natalia's spot, a Chinese man can be seen playing a traditional Chinese instrument, the erhu. His music is constantly interrupted by the roar of passing trains, or the blare of the public announcement system. Few people stop to listen to him, but those who do listen are rewarded, both by the music and by the smile of welcome on the musician's face.
On a day like this, I don't feel like going outside.
On a day like this, it's very easy to get sunburned.
On a day like this, you should definitely wear a hat and sunglasses.
On a day out, walking about, a sandwich is a fine victual.
On a day when America commemorates its independence with July 4 fireworks displays, the U.S. space agency anticipates a celestial event that could prove hugely illuminating about the planet Jupiter and the beginnings of our solar system.
On a fine day in spring, we enjoyed a walking tour to the full.
On a fine summer morning he was lying as usual half asleep in the little garden in front of the cottage when the sultan’s daughter came riding by.
On a first date, it's best to steer clear of touchy subjects.
On a first date, it’s best to steer clear of touchy subjects.
On a fundamental level, the 12 forms of the Chinese zodiac are related to animal worship.
On a global scale, there is more corruption in the construction trade than in the arms or energy sectors, and Transparency International has found that corruption can be found in every phase of construction—from the preliminary planning stage, to the awarding of contracts, to the employment of subcontractors, to the operation and maintenance of projects.
On a good day, Algiers looks as pretty as a picture.
On a good day, you can see the coast of Estonia from Helsinki.
On a grey 5th of November of 2021, it was like a parade of handsome men. On a table just outside the pizzeria, I was munching on pizza, whilst a brown vendor at the market beyond was sorting fruits outside and greeting passersby. In the cafe, I was drinking my iced green tea. A muscular young man in a white shirt and blue jeans passed back and forth. Later, a muscular young man in a white shirt with grey pants sat at the far table near the washroom. Then walking back by the pizzeria, I saw a dark chunky man standing, talking to an older man.
On a hillside by a brook the countryfolk were winning their hay, and their voices reached me softly from far off.
On a hot day like this, the laundry will be dry in no time.
On a hot day like this, we must have shaved ice.
On a hot day, a cold beer really hits the spot.
On a hot day, nothing is better than a cold beer.
On a hot summer day, the air conditioner works all day to keep us cool.
On a kimono, tabi are indispensable.
On a kimono, tabi can't be absent.
On a long flight you should get up every once in a while to stretch your legs.
On a moonless summer night in Hawaii, krill, fish and crabs swirl through a beam of light as two researchers peer into the water above a vibrant reef.
On a more positive note, we should be making a profit by this time next year.
On a neighbor's horse, the burden isn't heavy.
On a nice spring day, when Jan was digging in the sandbox in the backyard, he found a small box. In the box was a shining switchblade with a mysterious inscription.
On a pay stub are mentioned: the gross salary and the net salary.
On a piece of paper, the engineer drew the tool he had in mind.
On a rainy morning he left his house early so as to be in time for school.
On a rainy morning, he left his house early so as to be in time for school.
On a recent Saturday morning in Manhattan's Morningside Heights neighborhood, Irene Zola — tall with a long mane of silver hair — stands on a busy Broadway sidewalk.
On a recent Sunday afternoon, thousands of shoppers crowded the hallways and stores of the Citygate Outlets shopping mall in Tung Chung, one of Hong Kong’s new town developments just a short train ride from the airport.
On a recent brisk weekday morning, the market was vibrant.
On a recent weekday afternoon in Ho Chi Minh City, the passengers bouncing along on one of the city's green buses breathed in mouthfuls of carbon monoxide, hydrogen cyanide and other chemicals that add to Vietnam's notorious pollution. The toxic smoke did not come from the bus itself, but from the man driving it — one hand supporting the wheel, the other holding a cigarette.
On a rock which overlooked the track, showing out dark and plain against the sky, there stood a solitary sentinel.
On a roof's edge, oh drunkard evermore; Sit down low, or descend, that's all, no more.
On a scale from 1 to 10 of how drunk I am, I'm pretty fucking drunk.
On a scale from 1 to 10, how have you been feeling?
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're a 9... And I'm the 1 you need.
On a scale of "gringo" to "mero mero sabor ranchero", how good is my Spanish?
On a scale of 0 to 10, where 10 is the worst, can you rate your pain?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how have you been lately?
On a scale of 1 to 10, please rate your proficiency in the following languages.
On a scale of 1-10 how funny would you say you are?
On a scale of one to ten, how do I look?
On a scale of one to ten, how funny would you say you are?
On a scale of one to ten, what did you think of the movie?
On a separate piece of paper, write about what you did last year.
On a separate sheet of paper, describe your best friend: age, where he or she lives, his or her job, etc.
On a sheet of paper, talk about your routine.
On a shoestring budget funded by donations from family and friends, he says he hitchhiked, stayed on people’s couches, and only ate local food on his journey.
On a single day in January of this year, the Mwamba Bird Observatory Field Study Centre says it counted 15,000 water birds belonging to 69 species, including herons, terns, African skimmers and stork.
On a stormy night, the wind howled like a wounded beast, and the waves crashed against the cliffs with a fury that seemed almost alive.
On a sudden impulse, I returned to my home town.
On a sudden impulse, he went out.
On a sultry night in August a new theatre opened for business.
On a summer day, the view of the fjord with the large number of houses with orange roofs in the background is wonderful.
On a sunny, winter day the hypnotic melody of the snake charmer's flute echoes across a crafts bazaar in the Indian capital. But no snakes are swaying to the rhythm — only a small group of Indian and foreign tourists listen to the entrancing music played by former snake charmers.
On a whim, he learnt the periodic table off by heart.
On a whim, she braked suddenly, stopping alongside the glittering waterfront, and bought a large ice-cream cone from an ice-cream vendor.
On a windswept barren mountainside, several kilometers east of Gardez, a few hundred men huddle against the cold.
On account of an accident, I was late for school.
On account of bad weather, we were forced to call off the assembly.
On account of having drunk some strong coffee, she wasn't able to sleep all night long.
On account of having drunk some strong coffee, she wasn’t able to sleep all night long.
On account of ill health the writer couldn't go through with the work.
On account of ill health the writer couldn’t go through with the work.
On account of illness he absented himself from school.
On account of illness, I couldn't call on you today.
On account of illness, I couldn’t call on you today.
On account of its distance from the sun, how much warmer would a terraformed Venus be than Earth?
On account of the storm, he didn't arrive.
On account of this, I can't attend the party.
On account of this, I can’t attend the party.
On all counts, this is probably a good thing.
On an October day—a sunny day, and except for the yellow leaves that quivered on rapidly bearing branches, very like spring—Patricia Everett, from the window of her home, watched an automobile drive out of sight, carrying her mother and sister away to Florida, and confided to the empty room that she was the very unhappiest girl in the whole world!
On an average how many miles do you walk a day?
On an average, I go to the movies twice a month.
On an earlier night, did you drink alcohol?
On an island in the Seine, there is a big church called Notre Dame.
On an uneventful 6th of November of 2021, I was drinking my iced green tea at the cafe. I had to line up for it; ahead of me was a handsome man in a dark jacket. A chunky dark man with a shaven head came in. Outside, through the window, I could see a virile man in white with big pectorals go to and from the nearby bank. Two girly men were sitting at a table beyond mine. The Westerners were really cynical, I noticed.
On and around holidays, there are additions to the daily Jewish liturgy.
On and on the list goes.
On another occasion they delighted themselves with listening to a dove cooing in the neighbouring wood, and upon Chloe inquiring what the bird meant by its note, Daphnis told her the well-known fable which is related to all who ask that question.
On another plan there was the prediction of a new age.
On any given day, Earth is about 50 percent covered in clouds.
On any given day, the doctors and nurses at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center here in Houston deal with patients from as far away as Turkey, Taiwan or Brazil. It is vitally important that the medical practitioners know every detail about their condition, their symptoms and their background.
On appeal, Tom claimed that his original guilty plea was coerced and involuntary.
On approach, the comet's tail waggled as it interacted with the magnetic field of the Sun's atmosphere.
On arriving at Narita, he telephoned me.
On arriving at that town the pureness of the gold was vouched for, and eager inquiries were made for the locality where the precious treasure could be found.
On arriving at the change-house of the village of Wolf's Hope, he unexpectedly met with an acquaintance just alighting from his horse.
On arriving at the station, I called a friend of mine.
On arriving at the station, I went to see my uncle at his office.
On arriving at the station, he hailed a taxi.
On arriving at the station, she rang up her mother.
On arriving home, I discovered the burglary.
On arriving home, I fell from fatigue.
On arriving home, he laid himself on the floor.
On arriving in Kyoto, he went home.
On arriving in Osaka, he went straight to the hotel.
On arriving in Tokyo, I called him up.
On arriving in Tokyo, I wrote her a letter.
On arriving in the town, he went straight to see her.
On arriving there, he left again.
On arriving there, he went to see her.
On ascending the knoll near the house, from which all the neighbouring moors were visible, they not only could see no signs of the missing favourite, but they perceived something which warned them that they were in the presence of a tragedy.
On average I go to the movies three times a week.
On average, I watch two films a month.
On average, a Boeing 747 uses as much fuel in an hour, as ten cars do in a year.
On average, each hive had eighty pounds of honey.
On average, every French person consumes half a baguette a day.
On average, how many carbonated beverages do you drink daily?
On average, how many cups of coffee do you drink a day?
On average, how many cups of coffee do you drink daily?
On average, how many cups of coffee do you drink every day?
On average, how many delivery pizzas are made in one day?
On average, how many times per minute does a person blink?
On average, indoor cats live fifteen years.
On average, one American consumes as much energy as 2 Japanese, 6 Mexicans, 13 Chinese, 31 Indians, 128 Bangladeshis, 307 Tanzanians, or 370 Ethiopians.
On average, over 150,000 people use our city's trams each day (as of the end of March 2019). It's an indispensable mode of transport in our everyday lives.
On average, people die once in a lifetime.
On average, the fuel consumption of ten cars over one year is equivalent to the fuel consumption of a Boeing 747 over one hour.
On average, these packages weigh two pounds.
On average, women live longer than men.
On bad roads this little car really comes into its own.
On base and off, buckle your seat-belts.
On behalf of my classmates, let me say a few words of thanks to you.
On behalf of my family, thank you.
On behalf of our classmates, I welcome you.
On behalf of the American people, I send my heartfelt congratulations to His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej and the people of the Kingdom of Thailand as they celebrate the 70th anniversary of the King’s accession to the throne.
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Brac Bank PLC., I am pleased to present our Integrated Annual Report and audited financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023.
On behalf of the company, I welcome you.
On behalf of the company, I would like to express our hearty thanks to you all.
On behalf of the company, I would like to express our sincere thanks to you all.
On behalf of the government, the mass media are abused.
On behalf of whom?
On behalf of your grandchildren, save the forests!
On being asked where this old shipmate lived, he was unable to give any satisfactory reply.
On being introduced to somebody, a British person often shakes hands.
On board his flying saucer, he's flying over houses...
On both my first and second day at school, I was asked for directions. They said that I looked like I knew my way around. I didn't.
On both sides of the house was a big orchard, one of apple-trees and one of cherry-trees, also showered over with blossoms; and their grass was all sprinkled with dandelions.
On both sides of the road there are cherry trees.
On both sides of the road there are old walls.
On both sides, fans were anxious about who would win when no team managed to score in extra time and the penalty shootout became inevitable.
On building sites, hard hats must be worn at all times.
On calm, clear days, stars and auroras cast green and white light downwards with such intensity that I can occasionally see my shadow and the forms and curves of the ice cap — everything bathed in ghostly colors, the auras of a cold, harsh and indifferent world.
On certain large planets, whose climates, owing to the proximity of a violent sun, were very much hotter than our tropics, we sometimes found an intelligent fish-like race. It was bewildering to us to discover that a submarine world could rise to mentality of human rank, and to that drama of the spirit, which we had now so often encountered.
On certain small planets, drenched with light and heat from a near or a great sun, evolution took a very different course from that with which we are familiar. The vegetable and animal functions were not separated into distinct organic types. Every organism was at once animal and vegetable.
On clear nights we see the Milky Way.
On clothing, pretreat sticky spots with a stain remover before washing.
On cloud seven.
On cloudy days, you can hear distant sounds better than in clear weather.
On cold days, I hate getting out of bed.
On cold nights, it’s good to warm your body with a hot drink.
On cold winter nights, Matthew would stoke the fireplace to keep the house warm.
On colder days, they curl up or dig a hole in the snow.
On condition you are back by ten o'clock, you may go to the dance.
On condition you are back by ten o’clock, you may go to the dance.
On crowded buses young people should give their seats to old people.
On crowded buses, young people should give their seats to old people.
On day, when I grow up, I promise I'll buy you a car.
On days Tom doesn't go to school, he studies at home.
On days like this, I like having hot matcha milk with jam and peanut butter toast.
On days that Tom doesn't go to school, he studies at home.
On days when Tom isn't here, he's usually at the beach.
On days when we relax, my little sister likes wearing my clothes.
On days where there's a typhoon, there's a risk the stalks will break, so they must be reinforced.
On each close approach to the Sun it will sample the solar wind, study the Sun’s corona, and provide unprecedentedly close up observations from around our star — and armed with its slew of innovative technologies, we know it will keep its cool the whole time.
On each finger, we have a nail.
On each table stood two bottles of wine.
On eight straight nights, Jews come together with family and friends at the end of daylight to light one additional candle in the menorah.
On either side of the Equator the prevailing winds blow in opposite directions. Shifting of the boundary north and south creates the monsoon.
On either side of the submerged road connecting them, fields as far as the eye can see are caked in thick mud, ruined for this year’s harvest.
On election day, voters chose Nixon.
On encountering the celebrity, the fans asked for his autograph.
On encountering the celebrity, they asked for his autograph.
On energy, the report calls for the world to “implement massive energy efficiency and conservation practices” and cut out fossil fuels in favor of renewable sources of energy, a trend it notes is not happening fast enough. It also calls for remaining fossil fuels, such as coal and oil, to remain in the ground, never to be burned to generate energy, a key goal for many climate activists.
On entering a dark tunnel, we could see nothing.
On entering her room, I realised that she was a Yuming fan.
On entering her room, she began to read the letter.
On entering the barn, he found a missing bike.
On entering the bedroom, she started sobbing.
On every bank and hedgerow grow bushes of hydrangeas, with their flaunting blue blossoms, while great clumps of belladonna lilies transform the whole landscape, and the country seems to blush a beautiful rosy-pink.
On every side, far as the eye could reach, was a long expanse of flat sand, merging into the sea-line, with not a vestige of rock to afford foothold or shelter for wild-fowl of any kind.
On every third Tuesday, he only reads Tintin, fries fish, and eats pomegranates.
On examination the jewel proved to be an imitation.
On examination, I found that it was impossible to carry out the plan.
On examining the premises the body of the unfortunate watchman was found doubled up and thrust into the largest of the safes, where it would not have been discovered until Monday morning had it not been for the prompt action of Sergeant Tuson.
On falling down, she burst into tears.
On few occasions was he willing to ask for any help.
On film, he was outrageously funny, but away from the camera, Tom was said to have been a very earnest man.
On finishing this report, I will rest.
On finishing university, I started working right away.
On first use, run cold water through the coffee machine one or two times.
On fly the barks o'er ocean. Near us frown / Ceraunia's rocks, whence shortest lies the way / to Italy. And now the sun gows down, / and darkness gathers on the mountains grey.
On foot, you'll arrive within thirty minutes.
On foot, you’ll arrive within thirty minutes.
On further examination of the report, it was clear that the devil was in the detail.
On getting off the train, he was met by his cousin.
On getting to the grand house and telling the flunkey he had come to see his master, the flunkey regarded him with disdain, and replied his lordship was engaged and would not see him.
On gift-giving occasions, people generally avoid giving money, but there are exceptions.
On going to bed, he fell asleep.
On graduating from college, she got married.
On having a talk with him, I found him troubled but friendly.
On healthy skin, the good bacteria keep bad microbes in check by producing natural antibiotic peptides. However, some 20 percent of people with eczema have an imbalance of good and bad skin bacteria.
On hearing himself praised, John was deeply embarrassed.
On hearing of the victory, the whole nation shouted for joy.
On hearing that, he knitted his brow.
On hearing the bad news, she burst into tears.
On hearing the bell, she answered the telephone.
On hearing the joke, he burst out laughing.
On hearing the news of the birth of his first child, he jumped for joy.
On hearing the news, Tom fainted.
On hearing the news, everybody became quiet.
On hearing the news, he rushed out of the house.
On hearing the news, he shouted with joy.
On hearing the news, he turned pale.
On hearing the news, she fainted.
On hearing the news, she turned pale.
On hearing the noise, my brother started to cry.
On hearing the sound, the dog rushed away.
On hearing the whistle, they started at full speed.
On hearing this last word Chloe could restrain herself no longer. Partly to acknowledge the pleasure which she felt on hearing herself thus praised, and partly because she had long desired to kiss Daphnis, she tripped to her feet, and, in a pretty, simple way, gave him the prize.
On hearing this, Daphnis, almost beside himself, sat down and wept bitterly, exclaiming that he should die if he were deprived of Chloe as a companion in the pastures; and that her sheep also would die of grief at the loss of such a mistress.
On hearing this, he turned pale.
On her Instagram, Biles told fans that her "mind and body are simply not in sync," explaining that she’s been plagued by a mental phenomenon known as the “twisties.”
On her farm, ears fill with the sounds of singing birds and buzzing cicadas, eyes are assailed with a kaleidoscope of color, from blood red roses to snow white lilies, and noses tingle with aromas of herbs and fruits.
On her head, she wore an unobtrusive microphone that matched her skin color.
On her ninety-sixth birthday, Caroline Herschel was awarded the King of Prussia's Gold Medal of Science for her lifelong achievements.
On her way home, Mary came across John.
On him the coat did not meet in the front.
On his approach, Chloe fled to the woods, ashamed and frightened to appear before so many strangers.
On his arrival at the station, he called a taxi.
On his arrival in London, he sent me a telegram.
On his bicycle he can dodge through traffic with amazing speed.
On his birthday, I took a train to the town in which he lived.
On his birthday, his right leg was still in a cast.
On his camping trip last fall in Vermont, Matthew saw the leaves change color for the first time.
On his deathbed he asked me to continue writing to you.
On his dog's birthday, Petros gifted him a bone toy.
On his father's retirement he took over the business.
On his father’s retirement he took over the business.
On his first day there, Gunter met Amelia.
On his flaming wok, a chef in a Bangkok hotel is adding an unusual ingredient to several dishes that will be set out on the buffet.
On his getting to Tokyo, I'll telephone you.
On his getting to Tokyo, I’ll telephone you.
On his hospital bed he lay, pale as death.
On his laptop, Ziri broke up the story line by line and started reading it out loud for the kids.
On his last camping trip, Matthew and his friends went fishing in the nearby lake.
On his left sat his mother.
On his nose grew a small pimple.
On his planet, there are beasts that look like unicorns.
On his recent visit with his grandparents in Boston, Tom listened with growing empathy as they related tales of their hardscrabble childhoods and their coming of age during the Great Depression. His grandfather also spoke of enlisting in the army during World War II.
On his release, at the end of his sentence, he resumed his old business of victimizing the unsuspicious—among whom I was one.
On his return he found her daughter asleep.
On his return the chaste caresses of his wife amply recompenced the warrior for the fatigues he had undergone and for the danger which he had been exposed.
On his return the chaste caresses of his wife amply recompensed the warrior for the fatigues he had undergone and for the danger to which he had been exposed.
On his return to Greece he founded the Ionian school, and taught the sphericity of the Earth, the obliquity of the ecliptic, and the true causes of eclipses of the Sun and Moon.
On his rigid face there stood an expression of horror, and as it seemed to me, of hatred, such as I have never seen upon human features.
On his second turn after the capture of his stone by Black, White was able to occupy that point from which his stone had been removed because, between those two moves, the position on the board had changed. White could capture that stone only at this moment.
On his shirt is a lipstick stain.
On his shirt there was a sauce stain.
On his tour of Italy, he visited several cities which are famous for their scenic beauty, for instance, Naples and Florence.
On his twenty-fourth birthday, he made the Muslim declaration of faith.
On his vacation in Algeria, Adriano had a lot of time to read about Islam.
On his way back to prison Tom maintained his innocence.
On his way back, Felix heard a strange noise.
On his way home from work, Mark spotted a flock of seagulls.
On his way home from work, Tom stopped at the post office to pick something up.
On his way home he met an old shipmate, and took a long walk with him.
On his way home, Tom met a man he thought was an American.
On his way home, Tom met a man who he thought was a plumber but was actually just a cosplayer in a Super Mario costume.
On his way home, Tom met a man who he thought was a plumber.
On his way home, Tom met a man who he thought was an American.
On his way home, he met a man who he thought was an immigrant.
On his way out, Ziri was stopped by Rima.
On his way to his car, Rodrigo found a man waiting for him.
On his way to the hospital, David reflected on his life.
On his way to work he bought a new tie.
On his way, Rima was murdered by a man named Ziri Yazid.
On holiday I saw two cows chewing.
On holidays there are few people in the pool.
On holidays, the number of suicides increases.
On holidays, the subway hours are extended by an hour and a half.
On hot days like this, I feel really lethargic.
On hot days like this, the sun withers crops and cracks the earth.
On hot days, I like walking in the forest.
On hot days, sweat helps regulate the temperature of the body.
On its last mission into space, Discovery ferried equipment to the Space Station. While given a long list of chores to complete on his spacewalk, shuttle astronaut Alvin Drew says he was stunned by the view.
On its way to Americanization since the Spanish-American War of 1898, in the 1930s, the Philippines was still somewhat a Hispanic country. Manila was the 9th largest Spanish-speaking city in this world in 1930 with 324 552 inhabitants. The switch to English for at least written communication was set in motion. Adding to the linguistic confusion, in 1937, the Philippine government chose Tagalog, out of about 200 native Austronesian languages, as the basis of the national language, because it was already dominant in many parts of the archipelago. By the late 20th century, Taglish, the patois of code-switching between Tagalog and English, became the de facto oral-aural lingua franca in the islands, despite that Tagalog (alias Filipino) and English were separate studied subjects in school. English was the window to the external world, whilst Taglish became the familiar chit-chat on the streets and in the domestic media. Spanish embedded itself as many natural-sounding loanwords within Tagalog, Taglish, and other native languages. Tagalog had not been fully "intellectualized" as a language, as many great international works had not been translated into it. Tagalog used in non-humanities fields of science remained only experimental. Artificial Intelligence and machine translation might give Tagalog a "kangaroo-hopping" boost.
On its website, the U.N. has collected stories of women who have made a difference in their communities. Stories such as that of Nur Nahar, a refugee from Myanmar who has taken it upon herself to mentor other women fleeing to refugee camps in Bangladesh, and Colombian Mila Rodriguez, who founded an all-women group to promote peace and Afro-Colombian music.
On large farms, cattle are usually marked with brands.
On last week's English test, my score was worse than hers.
On last week’s English test, my score was worse than hers.
On leaving high school, I went to Tokyo.
On leaving school, he went into business.
On leaving school, he went to Africa.
On leaving school, she got married to her classmate.
On leaving school, we presented him with a table clock as a token of our thanks.
On looking over the bank-book I found that the low state of the balance was principally due to large cheques which have been made out during the last year to Mr. Cornelius.
On looking to the fountain, Ravenswood discerned a female figure, dressed in a white, or rather greyish, mantle, placed on the very spot on which Lucy Ashton had reclined.
On making his discovery, the astronomer had presented it to the International Astronomical Congress, in a great demonstration.
On many American highways there is a minimum speed limit.
On many occasions I do not agree with him.
On many occasions I don't agree with him.
On mature reflection I've decided to accept their offer.
On modern trains, you don't notice the clattering.
On my 25th birthday my sister arranged a surprise party. We went to see some male strippers and had a lot of fun.
On my ancestor's donkey, I ride pillion.
On my arrival at the station, I will call you.
On my bed is a coloured bedspread, which my grandma once made.
On my birthday, everyone in the bar was buying me drinks.
On my days off I do things like go to the movies, lounge around in cafes, and cook.
On my days off I look after my nephew and go out for dinner with friends.
On my days off, I often sit in the park and read a book.
On my days off, I read the entire works of Milton.
On my desk is a rubber duck that I sometimes ask for technical support. Of course, it can't answer, but the process of explaining the problem often helps me find a solution.
On my desk there are many electronic devices.
On my desk there is always a bottle of water.
On my doorknob, on the 29th of January of 2022, was a package of literature from Chinese Christian evangelists. The logograms were old-style.
On my first day at university, I had no idea whatsoever what I was supposed to be doing.
On my first day riding to school on my bike, I almost got into an accident, because I wasn't paying attention to where I was going.
On my fourteenth birthday, I ate ice cream cake.
On my honour!
On my last visit to Kyoto I enjoyed myself very much.
On my long journey, I sometimes walk quickly, sometimes slowly.
On my mother's side of the family, I have three male cousins.
On my mother’s side of the family, I have three male cousins.
On my own responsibility, I will go on with this plan.
On my planet, people drink blue coffee.
On my planet, we rarely receive direct light from our star.
On my trip to Australia, I crossed the equator for the first time.
On my way here, I realized I'd forgotten to buy what you asked me to buy.
On my way here, the strong wind blew my umbrella inside out.
On my way home I fell asleep in the train, and rode past my station.
On my way home from school I met her.
On my way home from school yesterday, I was caught in a shower.
On my way home from school, I was caught in a shower and got wet to the skin.
On my way home from work, I stopped by Kaufland.
On my way home, I came across a dog.
On my way home, I came across a friend who gave me a gift.
On my way home, I came across an old friend.
On my way home, I could not stop thinking about what had happened.
On my way home, I fell asleep on the train and rode past my station.
On my way home, I met a beautiful lady.
On my way home, I met him.
On my way home, I was very scared.
On my way home, the car battery died since the generator broke.
On my way to school each day, I generally see many dogs and cats.
On my way to school each day, I see dogs.
On my way to school every day, I usually see many dogs and cats.
On my way to school, I saw a policeman.
On my way to the library I met my friend.
On my way to the pizzeria a second time today, the 27th of March of 2015, I encounter Moli the Fijian in her garden as she trims her bushes in the sculpted shape of penises. They remind me of that old movie Caligula. Her name in Fijian means orange. Her husband Leong, also Fijian, studied sinograms as a child, but has forgotten everything. To each other, Moli and Leong speak a brownish English.
On my way to the school I saw a policeman.
On my way to the theater I saw a traffic accident.
On my way to work, I ran into my uncle.
On my way upstairs I thought of the famous pianist.
On my word serve the second course of sugar-coated cereal and vodka.
On my yard there is an old barn.
On myself, I'm not a fan of tattoos, but on others, definitely.
On narrow balconies, one often notices potted plants and clothes drying in the sun.
On nights you have to cover up, because it gets chilly.
On no account must you go out today.
On no account must you touch that switch.
On no account should you reveal the secret.
On no condition has he permission to touch it.
On occasion, the Indian army closes the road to civilian traffic to accommodate convoys.
On one hand he is kind, but on the other hand he is lazy.
On one hand he praised my report, but on the other hand he criticized it.
On one hand, water shortages are expected this summer because of lower rainfall, but on the other hand, large rainstorms are 3.5 times more likely locally than last year.
On one occasion Aristotle was asked how much educated men were superior to those uneducated: "As much," said he, "as the living are to the dead."
On one occasion some pupils locked Tom in the classroom cupboard where he had to remain for five hours until the school caretaker finally heard his cries and let him out.
On one side of the TikTok split screen was a middle-aged man, ranting that “millennials and Generation Z have the Peter Pan syndrome.” On the other side of the screen, a teenager contemplated the rant before silently holding up a notepad, and the phrase “OK Boomer” was born.
On opening the door she was met with a very strong odour of chemical experimentalising.
On opening the door, they found the bridegroom lying across the threshold, dreadfully wounded, and streaming with blood.
On our campus, we have earthquake drills at least once a year.
On our first date he popped out his cell phone and started texting someone. I couldn't believe it!
On our first date he popped out his cell phone and started texting someone. I couldn’t believe it!
On our team we have a Fred, a Venkata, a Jose, and a Ivanovna.
On our team, Ziri will learn what he's made of.
On our way back we stayed for lunch at Merripit House, and it was there that Sir Henry made the acquaintance of Miss Stapleton.
On our way back, we got caught up in a terrible downpour so I got back home all soaked up with rain drops.
On our way home, we thought about visiting Tom.
On our way home, we were caught in a hailstorm.
On paper, Sami is pretty normal.
On paper, your plan looks good.
On rainy days I walk with my umbrella open.
On rainy days I walk with my umbrella up.
On rainy days, I prefer staying at home listening to music than going to a theater.
On raising our eyes to the moss-grown parapet, we beheld a figure sitting upon it that bore a very striking resemblance to the pictures in the Spanish Museum at Madrid of the early Aztec princes. It was a female, and she bore upon her head a most gorgeous headdress of feathers, called a Panache. Her face was calm, clear, and exceedingly beautiful. The nose was prominent—more so than the Mexican or Tezcucan—and the complexion much lighter. Indeed, by the gleam of the moonlight, it appeared as white as that of a Caucasian princess, and wore an expression full of benignity and love.
On referring to my notes I see that it was upon the 14th of April that I received a telegram from Lyons which informed me that Holmes was lying ill in the Hotel Dulong.
On request, we will send you the programme for a token fee of â‚¬1 plus shipping.
On request, we will send you the programme for a token fee of €1 plus shipping.
On school nights, Tom goes to bed at nine o'clock, but on Fridays and Saturdays, he stays up much later.
On second thought, I think I will accept your apology.
On second thought, I think I will have a slice of that pie.
On second thought, let's go out to eat.
On seeing me, the dog wagged its tail.
On seeing the stock market, the dictator backed down from his planned trade war.
On seeing this, I can't help thinking: Can the residents of Beijing keep up with such a pace?
On seeing this, I can’t help thinking: Can the residents of Beijing keep up with such a pace?
On sending in our cards we were shown into an elegantly appointed drawing-room, where we were joined in a few minutes by a rather stout man who received us with much hospitality.
On several occasions I almost slipped on the icy paths.
On social justice, Pope Francis always speaks with wisdom.
On some OS's you get gibberish for filenames with full-width characters so when downloading please change to a suitable filename.
On some OS’s you get gibberish for filenames with full-width characters so when downloading please change to a suitable filename.
On some aircraft, such as the Harrier, the thrust direction can be varied to help the airplane take off in a very short distance.
On some computer boards, the capabilities or configuration was set using a dip switch mounted on the board; today these settings are done in software.
On some moons of that gas giant, there are fields and mountains of ice.
On special occasions, some people wear jewels.
On stage, he would forget everything.
On stage, this South African singer is a feline presence, her lithe body accentuated by a tight, black satin dress, spiked onyx hair, glossed lips and red stilettos.
On such a cold day I don't want to go out without a warm coat.
On summer weekends, they could always hear the sounds from the outdoor amphitheater thumping faintly.
On sunny days, the beach is crowded.
On sunny days, the beach is very crowded.
On sunny winter mornings, the white frost twinkles on the lawn.
On taking the medicine prescribed by the doctor the temperature of the child, which was 40 degrees, dropped rapidly.
On tatoeba.org the collaboration of specialists, that is, those who speak one or more languages fluently and correctly, will always be essential.
On tatoeba.org there are great thinkers.
On tennis forums, those who blindly support their favourite player while looking down on his or her opponents are commonly given the derogatory nickname "tards". Of course, a lot of times these same people use the word to refer to anyone supporting the players they don't like.
On tests, I don't know how free a translation would be allowed.
On tests, I don’t know how free a translation would be allowed.
On that day I forgot my wallet at home.
On that day I made a decision to learn how to study and how to apply what I learned.
On that day the King received me in an entirely unceremonious manner, and the letter was presented.
On that day we want to spend a pleasant evening with some friends.
On that day, I hated my job.
On that day, I turned 23.
On that day, Japanese flags were flying in the wind.
On that day, Japanese flags were flying.
On that matter, he and I don't agree.
On that matter, he and I don’t agree.
On that note, I think I will be heading off for the day soon.
On that particular Monday evening, Tom came home rather late.
On that point the learned disagree.
On that very day I met the same person.
On that very night when the fern blooms — I’m just retelling what has been compiled in fairy tales by local people — the mermaids, wood and house goblins, werewolves, nixes, and different kinds of ghosts and sorcerers gathered together.
On that wall, Ziri marked how tall he was each year.
On that, I agree with you!
On that, he and I agreed.
On the 10th of March of 2015, it is a walking day to a doctor's appointment. In the morning, I visit the local Roman Catholic worship centre. It is a brown mid-20th-century building. I gaze at a Mexican Santa María painting in the hallway. There are words in Spanish. The banners in the high-ceiling main chamber are purple, signifying support for Lojban and things Lojbanic, perhaps. By lunchtime, I am at the Richmond Public Market. I take the stairs up. First, I drink a plastic glass full of Sour Plum Bubble Iced Green Tea from a bubble tea vendor called Peanuts. Second, from the food vendor Captain Wa at a corner, I eat Noodles with Lemon Chicken, Tofu, Lotus Root Slices, as well as complimentary Hot Tea. Third, I drink a Starfruit Bubble Iced Green Tea from Peanuts, again. Fourth, having taken the escalator down, I buy a strange sinographic dictionary of a strange Asian Mainland tonal language. Fifth, having gone up the escalator, I drink a Mint Iced Tea from a bubble tea vendor called QQ Bubble Tea & Coffee. (The Q maybe is support for my Xoqolat.) The cold mint drink reminds me of my drinking mint at a café in Versailles in France, years ago. The Richmond Public Market is like a big garden atrium, as if in the middle of a tropical jungle. It is full of Kanjifolk.
On the 10th of March of 2022, I ate two pizza slices and drank iced tea at the Lulu Island pizzeria in the morning. The big screen showed Seattle news, but the sound was off, as usual. In the afternoon, I returned to the pizzeria to have a slice and an iced diet black cola. It was Seattle news, again, on the big screen, with sound off. Somewhat audible East Indian music was playing behind the counter. A boisterous corpulent East Indian man with his boy with a rocket-ship T-shirt ordered pizza. I walked to the cafe. At the cafe, I drank iced black tea. Behind the counter was Sebastian, the Mayan-Austrian hybrid. A big mesomorphic boy customer with something like a samurai hairdo entered. I had seen him before with his impressive meaty thighs, as he liked wearing shorts. Heading home, I observed through the window the new interesting products in the new Japanesque bakery with a bubble-tea vendor. I saw an elegant long bun with the price tag "$95"—or "$9.50"? Near the gasoline station, I saw the round-headed corpulent, but muscular man, who lived in a nearby apartment. I had seen him many times before, over the years, often with his little boy. He decried the ill sentiment in society: "They think sex is just poverty." In the alleyway, my Russian neighbour hastily passed by, whispering, "Everybody's just crying."
On the 11th of December of 2021, I sat in the Christmas-decorated cafe with my oat milk latte. Hans the Netherlander rolled in with his wheelchair. He said that he had eggnog with rum at home, and then it was time for coffee. We talked about astronomy, our real shared interest. The James Webb Space Telescope is being prepared for launch in French Guiana. If successful, it could provide much better clarity of images of space objects. USA, EU, UAE, India, and PRC are all roving on or encircling Mars with their robots. Mars would be humanity's second planetary home, some would hope.
On the 11th of December of 2022, at the teahouse, I told Greg that if I had a car, and I don't by choice, I'd frequent places like the Richmond Nature Park and the George C. Reifel Migratory Bird Sanctuary, as I am an animist syncretically.
On the 11th of February of 2022, very early after 6 in the morning, I was eating barbecue potato chips and drinking black iced tea at the cafe. At a different table was a young Eurasian man in black and red.
On the 11th of March 2011, an unprecedented accident took place in Fukushima.
On the 11th of March of 2022, a grey morning, I was at the Lulu Island pizzeria, as three vendors, two South Asians and the Filipina, Rose, were busy making orders behind the counter. I had a Hawaiian slice and iced tea. Then, I went to the grocery store looking for dried anchovies, but there was none, according to the two Filipina workers there, so I bought instead five packets of frozen crab-flavoured wild pollock, or kamaboko, and a bag of frozen sole fillets. Then, I went to the cafe, where there was a long line. In front of me was a big boy in shorts, his meaty legs showing. A stocky man in a grey T-shirt and black track pants came in and out. An old man was reading an old book about the ice-hockey player Wayne Gretzky. Drinking my black iced tea, I sat near a table of a Bosnian couple, speaking Bosnian. The cafe music was multilingual, and I could hear Mexican lyrics,"Llorando, llorando, llorando": "Crying, crying, crying." An old man who was a regular before and had moved to White Rock gave me a little KitKat chocolate bar, wrapped in red paper. In the afternoon, I returned to the packed pizzeria to enjoy a pesto cheese slice and iced black diet cola. I could not sit in my usual corner. There were multiracial girl students, with expensive bubble teas. Outside near the greengrocery, white students walked by, saying, "We rather have salvation from suffering." It was drizzling.
On the 12th of April of 2022, at the Lulu Island cafe, I talked to Hans the Netherlander about astronomy. The recent pictures of Jupiter's atmosphere are stunningly more distinct and vivid than ever before, like a swirling colourful cold soup.
On the 13th of April of 2022, walking along No. 3 Road on Lulu Island, I encountered my white neighbour Rod, who recently had knee surgery, despite which he and his family will go camping at several places, including Drumheller, Alberta, the place of dinosaur fossils.
On the 14th of April of 2015, I walk to the Richmond Public Market, I first climbing the stairs outside. Inside, the wide atrium-like building is like a garden in a jungle surrounding, I imagine. Already quite hungry, I trot to Captain Wa, the food vendor, to get noodles with squid, fish, and tofu, as well as hot tea. As I eat, a handsome First Nations man in a purple T-shirt walks by. Then a handsome, stocky Jewish fellow walks by. A few minutes later, I begin to thirst, so I get a cold Mint Bubble Green Tea at the vendor QQ Bubble Tea and Coffee. I sit by the stairs to sip. A threesome family sits eating nearby, the man being black, the woman being Oriental, and the child being a hybrid. Addicted to Bubble Tea, I get another one, this time at Peanut's. It is a cold Green Apple Bubble Green Tea. It is delicious. I take the escalator down. On my way to the washroom, I notice a big aquarium full of probably giant red Alaskan king crabs with barnacles on their legs. They remind me of extraterrestrials, somehow. At the bookstore, I buy a heavily illustrated green botany book in sinograms. I left it on top of a box a month ago and it is still there. It is $14. I take the escalator up. Addicted to Bubble Tea, I spend my remaining coins on a cold Lychee Bubble Green Tea. It is delicious with even bits of white lychee flesh.
On the 14th of February, Americans celebrate Valentine's Day.
On the 17th of Elul the Romans were removed from Judah and Jerusalem.
On the 17th year of their cycle, when the ground temperature reaches the right temperature, they emerge en masse.
On the 18th of September of 2019, at the T&T Lansdowne cafeteria, I ate various dimsum and drank a plum drink.
On the 19th of November of 2021, on my way home from the cafe on Lulu Island, I saw pieces of paper strewn on the side of an access road. Apparently, they were scribblings of a child named Caleb. There were writing and drawings. Words that struck me were "Jungle Law."
On the 19th, we were ordered to assault formidably entrenched German trenches.
On the 1st of Elul in Second Temple times, livestock would be set aside for the tithe.
On the 1st of March of 2022, I went twice to the pizzeria, once in the morning when I had butter chicken pizza and later in the afternoon when I had mushroom spinach pesto cheese chicken pizza, both times in which I drank a black effervescent drink. In the morning, there were two fire trucks illumined at the mall. In the afternoon, there were handsome men. A lady wore a leopard shawl. Two Hispanics entered. Tharsan the Sri Lankan owner was speaking to an advertising agent lady.
On the 1st of November of 2021, I joined Hans the Netherlander at his table in the cafe. The day after Halloween was rainy outside. Whilst I was drinking iced green tea, Hans gave me a piece of brown candy. He took out a jar of peanuts and offered me, but I said that I get pimples from peanuts. As a child in Quezon City, my family had a peanut farm near our lot; we boiled them, and I ate, as I was not allergic as a prepubescent. We then talked all about astronomy: exoplanets, asteroids, and the moons of the gas giants. Titan, a moon of Saturn, is specially stunning with its black methanic rivers, lakes, and seas. Hans said that the next fifty years will be exciting for astronomy. As we talked, a big handsome man with a muscular build came in, ordered coffee, and left.
On the 1st of October of 2019, at the T&T Lansdowne cafeteria, I had bean curd and mushrooms, steamed fish and broccoli, and lemon iced tea.
On the 20th of January 2025, the inmates took over the asylum.
On the 21st of October of 2012, Croatian-descent Bratislav and I a Filipino meet up again, on the grey-sky sidewalk. This time, Bratislav discusses about a Japanese psychic experiment wherein a Buddhist monk is used to imbue certain emotions like love, anger, etc. into water. Then the water is frozen. The researchers find out that different emotions affect the way water crystallizes.
On the 22nd of March of 2022, I went to the pizzeria twice, in the morning and in the afternoon. I went to the cafe to have Strawberry Coconut Drink in the crowded afternoon. Sitting at different, but proximate tables, were Don, a white man with glasses, and Chen, a stocky Chinese. They were talking. Don was about the same age group as my younger brother Paolo; both went to Rideau Elementary School, whilst I went to Errington Elementary School. I remembered that the Rideau school field was just mounds of dirt with an impromptu mountain bike circulating racetrack. There were red poppies growing. I imagined Star Wars' Jawas lurking in the mounds. It was the late 1970s.
On the 23rd of November of 2021, it is my first time to try yellow, or golden, dragon fruit. I have eaten red dragon fruits many times before.
On the 24th of March of 2023, I attained 3777 jobs in the AI art-generator of Midjourney. This is an aesthetic enough number. I can and do imagine it to be a year in the future, the year 3777.
On the 25th of April of 2025, I had several walking excursions to Tim Hortons café to enjoy various drinks and goodies. It was my fourth hanami—cherry-blossom viewing—at St. Albans Road. Four days in a row, it has been. The pink petals are starting to fade. I ventured into the nearby Roman Catholic church, the big new one which replaced the older one there. In the older one, there were places near the entrances for holy statues and a Mexican mural—as Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe. I did not have a chance to take a photograph of it when it was there. The new church is too modern for my taste. In any case, my religion now is Syncretic, tending towards Buddhism-Animism. In my childhood, I was nominally a Roman Catholic.
On the 25th of February of 2022, it seemed an uneventful, sleepy day. Before dawn, I had a cold canned Thai tea drink and ketchup potato chips from a corner convenience store. After lunchtime, at the cafe, I had my usual iced black tea. Around there were some black-haired men. At the pizzeria, I had two slices and an iced black effervescent drink.
On the 25th of March of 2022, I was eating at the Lulu Island pizzeria, whilst Rose the Filipina vendor and a white lady customer, who was sitting at a corner table, talked about mortgages and vacations to the Philippines. They were yelling across the room. I went to the cafe, and on the way, I said hello to my Ukrainian friend Joanne. At the cafe, Karina the Russian made my iced black tea, which I drank. At home, on my Social Media, I watched Patrick Stewart's videos on Shakespeare sonnet readings, as I had been doing for some days. The videos were done in Southern California.
On the 25th, the Chinese government issued a white paper entitled "The Diaoyu Islands are China's Inherent Territory".
On the 26th of February of 2022, I tried to keep my day simple. Before dawn, at the corner convenience store, I drank a cold canned Thai tea drink and ate a pizza submarine sandwich. In the chilly, grey-sky morning, I headed to the cafe, whilst I practiced meditatively by scribbling Japanese Kana glyphs on my hand with a finger. I drank iced black tea at the cafe, whilst the typical early-morning clients were there, a Caucasian and an Oriental. A robust man in a black, red, and white jacket and dark-grey rugby pants entered to get coffee and exited, as he talked on his smartphone. Homebound, I took the long route across the vast green school field, seemingly an Animist-Buddhist experience of being on a different planet, the northern snowcapped bluish mountains being visible beyond.
On the 27th of Av we returned to our Law.
On the 27th of June of 2025, at Lulu Island's Tim Hortons café, I was talking to Michael L. J. the Dane-French about Chichén Itzá, which one confused with Machu Picchu. I told him that I've been to the former. We both have snorkelled in the waters of Mexico on our own travels. Then, we talked about how not "space-savvy" is most of humanity, as we are both astronomers. I said that I don't often follow the news, because they're just local to "this pebble" that one calls Earth. Space is really vast! We talked about mysterious neighbourhood lights that Michael attributes to extraterrestrials or spirituality. On the 28th, I talked with Bob my Greek-Cypriot ex-neighbour who now lives in an ancient town in England. He's visiting his family here on Lulu Island. I told him that it was "my fantasy to live in an old country," as I did live in Japan before. Some of my Filipino family are seeking an EU passport and needing documents to support our ancestry in Greece. It's the 29th now, as I rest in my couch just before 4 in the morning.
On the 27th of March of 2015, I first encounter now the word "tetragram." It is apparently any square-shaped symbol of a complex writing system in the Sinosphere. A sinogram, or sinograph, is a tetragram. It is my first time of learning that term. "Tetra" means four. Japanese Kana are tetragrams, as well as Korean Hangeul, because they are square-shaped, too.
On the 27th of March of 2015, Yaroslav and I discuss the Earth Mother statues, resembling fat women, in pre-Roman Old Europe. Then, I ask him what genre of literature Tolstoy's writings are, but he does not give a definitive answer. He watched the Lord of the Rings movies in Russian, but he says that he is not a fan of fantasy and they were too long. Those movies have made New Zealand a more famous country, Yaroslav's favourite. I like Lord of the Rings in French.
On the 28th of March of 2022, as a suggestion by some folks, in tandem with my Lojban study, I would take up Klingon again. They are like two purple yam cheesecake brownies.
On the 29th an anticyclone advanced completely over the British Islands, and with it fair, dry, quiet weather prevailed until the end of the month.
On the 2nd of September 1792 when the general massacre of the prisoners took place at Paris, M. Sombreuil was on the point of being sacrificed when he was rescued from the hands of the assassins by the heroic conduct of his daughter, though on the dreadful condition that she would drink success to the republic in a goblet of blood!
On the 31st of March of 2022, morning, for a change from my pizzeria habit, I went straight to the cafe, where I drank iced black tea and ate barbecue potato chips. I saw Lizbeth, the Mexican ex-barista, and I asked her how her dance classes were going. She taught Dance Feet and Zumba, founded in Colombia. At the sandwich shop, I ate a tuna sandwich with black olives and drank black coffee. There were two muscular brown labourers ordering. In the afternoon, I ate two pizza pieces with a diet cola at the pizzeria. There were many multiracial customers, like an anthropological rainbow.
On the 3rd of February of 2012, I started actively learning Interlingua, the 1951 vintage created language, using the exciting Euro-based Tatoeba translation project on the Web. Some friends there suggested that this Blue Tongue was the one suited for me. I ventured to the Lulu Island neighbourhood Roman Catholic church, St. Paul's, on some mornings to enjoy the spiritual brown 1960s architecture and to mix with people who thought about Heaven. At this time, I considered myself as having committed to no specific religion, I believing that spirituality was utterly different from religiosity. I still preferred to blend what I know of different religions, although for a long time, it was really generic Animism and non-sect Buddhism which had the greatest impact on me. I thought now that it was better not to proclaim membership to a particular religion, though. People around me still preferred "shrink-wrapped" religions right off the shelves of the Religion Store.
On the 3rd of July, 964 AD, the Russians gained victory over the Khazar kaganat.
On the 3rd of March, at around noon, an express letter was thrown into the entrance of my house.
On the 3rd of November of 2021, it was a rainy, somber day. At the cafe, I found the only open spot at a table near the washroom. There, I drank my iced green tea. At a table beyond mine was a blond student with big biceps with tattoos. Hans the Netherlander rolled in with his wheelchair. I joined him at another table. There, we discussed multibillionaires: Elon Musk's space technology and Bill Gates' medical technology. Then, we discussed the Yucatan. I said that I have been to the temples at Tulum, near a cliff overlooking a white sandy beach, looking like a science fiction set. The other day, he mentioned that Netherlanders ate eel. I suggested that he try the "unagi donburi," sweet glazed eel on rice, at the nearby Japanese restaurant.
On the 6th of July of 2025, my Kazakh friend Timur in the café was telling me about Interslavic, which he initially called "Medžuslovjansky."
On the 7th of March of 2022, I left my Lulu Island house around 10:10 in the morning to walk to the pizzeria, where I ate two pizza slices and drank cold black diet cola. The big screen television was blank. The place was silent. The vendor was an East Indian from Mumbai, not the usual Rose the Filipina, as it was the case on Mondays and Saturdays. As I was homebound, a mesomorphic man in black outpaced me, as he mumbled a song, of which language I was not certain.
On the 9th of April of 2023, my family went out for dim sum lunch in the elegant Fisherman's Terrace Seafood Restaurant in the very fancy Aberdeen Centre, here on Lulu Island. I do not often have dim sum, and this time, I really had a nice time. My family knew that I have been dreaming of a spacious atrium-like venue, and this time, there it was. After the beautiful meal, we headed to the Japanese-lifestyle boutique called Oomomo. I wanted to get a bottle of authentic Japanese "mugicha," or barley tea, but I could not think too much of more food, just then.
On the A7 highway, a vehicle is driving against traffic between Heidenheim and Oberkochen.
On the American flag, there's a star for every state.
On the American flag, there’s a star for every state.
On the Day of the Dead, we eat bread of the dead.
On the French-language network TV5, I have encountered the phrase Les Trente Continents, The Thirty Continents. Some elite French believe in the gradual colonization of various moons and planets, what are figuratively called The Thirty Continents. They expect to live in luxury in outer space and those worlds.
On the Greek island of Evia, the air was filled with acrid smoke, frequently punctured by the low-flying sorties of water-dropping aircraft.
On the Ides of March (March 15) in the year 44 B.C., Julius Caesar was assassinated in the middle of the Roman Senate, at the hands of Brutus and other conspirators.
On the Ides of March of the year 44 BC, Julius Caesar was assassinated with 23 stab wounds, by conspirators, in the middle of the Roman Senate.
On the Internet, Flavio was a bit of a troll.
On the Internet, in most cases, any required information is available for free.
On the Internet, nobody knows you're a dog.
On the Internet, nonsense is front and centre.
On the Issus, an insect common in European gardens, the opposing hind legs lock together like gears in a car, so that the legs move almost simultaneously—within one millionth of a second of each other.
On the Japanese high-tech toilet there were quite a number of buttons with text in Kanji. These I couldn't read, and I was afraid of doing something wrong. What would happen? Finally, I at least found the button for flushing. And, luckily, there was still classic paper.
On the Respect-for-Senior-Citizens Day, we visit our grandparents and do nice things for them.
On the U.S. Pacific island state of Hawaii, an invasive predator is threatening many native bird species with extinction. The predator is the mongoose, a non-native mammal introduced to the island chain over a century ago to control rats in the sugar cane fields. Now, environmental groups say, it's the mongoose that's out of control, feeding on the eggs and chicks of the island's many ground-nesting birds, including several endangered species that lay just one egg per year.
On the Web, I have met Japanese who would liken their country to cozy Guatemala. I call the phenomenon "The Guatemala Model."
On the Web, you can find castles. Or, you can find sewers.
On the West Coast of the United States, the word "hella" is used as an intensifier, from "hell of a."
On the Xbox 360 the very first thing he said was "good hardware."
On the alley Bernardin we go to the cozy square.
On the anniversary of the cataclysm, there was an upsurge in zombie attacks.
On the arrow that hits him, the bird sees his own feathers.
On the authority of my uncle's girlfriend, I claim possession of the last seven beers in this cooler.
On the authority of whom?
On the average, I go to the movies once a week.
On the back of the truck one can read the warning "Keep your distance."
On the balcony, Ziri relaxed alone.
On the beach you can spend time with your friends.
On the beach, I can spend time with friends.
On the benches they put cushions.
On the best time to drink this wine, opinions diverge.
On the book there is an orange.
On the border with China, customs officers in the East Kazakhstan region revealed massive smuggling of goods.
On the border, there is a stretch of agricultural land.
On the bottle it says that I should consult my doctor if symptoms persist.
On the box, there was an ivy leaf logo.
On the bright side, at least more and more girls in Afghanistan are going to school.
On the bright side, your words themselves are more numerous than your errors.
On the bus, James dropped own in the seat behind Amanda.
On the bus, there isn't enough room for everyone.
On the chalkboard is written your new timetable.
On the chalkboard there’s written your new timetable.
On the client side, very time-consuming operations should run asynchronously so as to avoid freezing the browser. The best example is the operation of Ajax.
On the coming Saturday, you will taste berkoukes.
On the condition you're back by ten o'clock, you may go to the dance.
On the contrary!
On the contrary, I planned an intensive study of the works of the later Victorians, of that blissful period in the history of Europe when we could believe in the comforting doctrine of materialism.
On the contrary, I think it may turn out that this rugged mountain range trails off at some point.
On the contrary, I was amazed that a person like her was so mean to others.
On the contrary, I'd never say such a thing.
On the contrary, I'm perfectly sober.
On the contrary, I've never said such a thing.
On the contrary, I’ve never said such a thing.
On the contrary, Zamenhof always advised testing the new forms through usage.
On the contrary, it's all becoming more mysterious and complicated.
On the contrary, it's all getting more mysterious and complicated.
On the contrary, thank you very much.
On the contrary, the priests should adhere to a blameless, sober and temperate life.
On the contrary, we have a clue.
On the contrary, you speak English very well, indeed!
On the contrary.
On the count of three!
On the current page, well-written and complete Wikipedia entries are presented.
On the dark street, I was a little bit afraid.
On the day AlphaGo beat Ke Jie, the deep learning was dethroning humanity's best Go player ever.
On the day I was born, my uncle was on the verge of reaching fifty years of age.
On the day appointed for the game they started together.
On the day before my birthday of 2022, I ate a Yummy Meat pizza at the pizzeria, and at the cafe, I drank a glass of black iced tea and I tried a cup of pistachio latte with oat milk. I told the Vietnamese barista Jessica there that I could really taste the pistachio in it.
On the day of his exam, Tom had a very bad stomachache.
On the day of my birthday, my friends made me drink and I caused quite an uproar.
On the day of the competition, Ziri came to support Rima.
On the day of the marriage, which, as was then usual, was celebrated by a great assemblage of friends and relations, she was the same—sad, silent, and resigned, as it seemed, to her destiny.
On the day of the meeting, I was in the hospital.
On the day of the school-leavers' assembly, I was sad and happy at the same time.
On the day of the trip, Matthew woke up early and eagerly packed his backpack.
On the day of the vote, the president of the Senate was conspicuously absent.
On the day of the wedding, the bride and groom shouldn't see each other before the ceremony.
On the day of the wedding, we arrived at our teacher's house.
On the day of the wedding, we arrived at our teacher’s house.
On the days he doesn't take a nap, he's bad tempered.
On the days she doesn’t sail, she windsurfs.
On the desert island, Gabriel had only his wits to rely upon.
On the desk, there is a book on dance.
On the dictionaries there's nothing but dust, at least on mine.
On the dictionaries there’s nothing but dust, at least on mine.
On the door the words 'lift the latch to enter' are written.
On the doorstep sat his old woman, with the broken wash-tub before her.
On the doorstep sits his old woman, with the broken wash-tub before her.
On the drive back from the picnic, I started feeling sick.
On the drive back, I started feeling sick.
On the earth are high mountains, deep valleys, rising hills, hollow caves and shady woods.
On the economic front, Algeria isn't doing so well.
On the edge of a green plain around which rise the first steps of the immense amphitheatre of the Alps, a little castled city enthroned on a solitary hill watches since a thousand years the eternal and surpassing spectacle.
On the edge of a jutting pinnacle, three or four hundred feet above him, there stood a creature somewhat resembling a sheep in appearance, but armed with a pair of gigantic horns.
On the edge of the cliff bloom the most beautiful flowers.
On the edge of the forest, the woodland animals played Nickleback loudly to discourage humans.
On the edge stood a tall castle.
On the eighteenth day out from Sydney, we were cruising under the lee of Erromango—of course you know Erromango, an isolated island between the New Hebrides and the Loyalty group—when suddenly our dusky Polynesian boy, Nassaline, who was at the masthead on the lookout, gave a surprised cry of "Boat ahoy!" and pointed with his skinny black finger to a dark dot away southward on the horizon, in the direction of Fiji.
On the electric towel rail, the towel dries instantly.
On the envelope was stamped "Addressee has moved."
On the eve of the bridal day, Lucy appeared to have one of her fits of levity, and surveyed with a degree of girlish interest the various preparations of dress, etc., etc., which the different members of the family had prepared for the occasion.
On the eve of the conference, the prevailing mood was one of scepticism.
On the eve of the festival, people go out for a walk by the river.
On the evening appointed he stood motionless on the plateau, at the place where he had parted from Vilbert, and there awaited his approach.
On the evening of our arrival we were sitting in the Colonel's gun-room after dinner.
On the evening of the crime, he returned from the club exactly at ten.
On the evening of the day when the Lord Keeper and his daughter were saved from such imminent peril, two strangers were seated in the most private apartment of a small obscure inn, or rather alehouse, called the Tod's Den, about three or four miles from the Castle of Ravenswood.
On the extreme verge of the horizon lie a long chain of mountain peaks, with their rugged summits flecked with snow.
On the face of it, no one's at home.
On the face of it, nothing could be more reasonable.
On the faces of the grief-stricken refugees appeared a faint smile.
On the farm, horses eat hay.
On the field margin beside the stubble, poppies bobbed gently in the breeze.
On the fifteenth of August, thousands of people fly kites.
On the fifteenth of February, two thousand and thirteen, an asteroid half the size of a football field passed our planet at a distance of twenty-eight thousand kilometres.
On the fifth day, the duck was still alive.
On the first day I came across an unknown bird who told me "If I was a dromedary I wouldn't be thirsty. What time is it?" It drank the drops of dew from my hair, shot me three glances and a half, and went away saying "Goodbye" with its giant handkerchief.
On the first day of Christmas my true love sent to me a partridge in a pear tree.
On the first day of the voyage Mary held out, but after that she became seasick.
On the first day, when I saw the statue of Verdaguer, a great Catalan poet, I remembered Si Muḥend U Mḥend, one of our great poets, who exposed the soul of the Amazigh language in his poems.
On the first floor of the Senate wing of the Capitol are the Brumidi Corridors, said to be among the most ornate and creatively decorated public spaces in the nation. They are inspired by Raphael's loggia in the Vatican, and combine classical imagery with patriotic American themes.
On the first of January winter began.
On the first of five days of Diwali, Indians clear their homes of clutter, light fires, and buy jewelry and kitchen utensils.
On the first page of his novel, the author wrote: "For my family who put up with me all these years."
On the first page of the ABC book are many letters, large and small.
On the first page of the second chapter there are many new words.
On the floor were two pairs of shoes.
On the following Sunday, I'll have time.
On the following day there was a clear frost, and very soon came the spring. The sun shone; the young green leaves burst forth; the swallows built their nests; windows were opened, and the children sat once more in the garden on the roof, high above all the other rooms.
On the following day, the first clear sign of danger appeared.
On the following day, we all had terrible hangovers.
On the fourth day, God made the stars.
On the fourth day, Matthew packed up his gear and said goodbye to his new friends.
On the gates of Buckingham Palace, a simple message was posted Friday morning: "It is with deep sorrow that Her Majesty The Queen has announced the death of her beloved husband, His Royal Highness The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh."
On the grammar of Esperanto Claude Piron noted "It's very rigorous and requires discipline -- let us just think about the n-ending -- but within the framework of that rigor it gives us so much freedom!"
On the great vault of this cathedral, we feel very small.
On the gripping hand, if they're too young and healthy they will escape and attempt to eat you.
On the ground floor of the building is a tourist information office.
On the ground lay a worn-out magazine from last year.
On the ground there is a stone.
On the ground, lay the dismembered corpse of a gazelle.
On the heavy, polished table stood an oval glass dish decorated with little gilt swags.
On the highest throne in the world, we still sit only on our own bottom.
On the highway of life, sometimes you'll be the bug, other times you'll be the windshield.
On the hill across the river there is a temple.
On the horizon, I see land.
On the horizon, the blazing red sun is sinking into the sea.
On the horizon, the brilliant red sun is sinking into the sea.
On the horizon, the brilliant red sun sinks into the sea.
On the horizon, the crimson sun is sinking into the sea.
On the house, Tom.
On the hunt?
On the inlay card she had neatly printed the tracklist and drawn a heart.
On the innanet everyone writes as they see fit.
On the inquest it was shown that Buck Fanshaw, in the delirium of a wasting typhoid fever, had taken arsenic, shot himself through the body, cut his throat, and jumped out of a four-story window and broken his neck—and after due deliberation, the jury, sad and tearful, but with intelligence unblinded by its sorrow, brought in a verdict of death "by the visitation of God." What could the world do without juries?
On the internet, nobody knows you're a cat.
On the internet, we can put out a different appearance of ourselves that more closely resembles how we see ourselves than the way we look in real life.
On the issue of the death penalty, public opinion is split.
On the just-watered flower bed, little daisies are blooming.
On the language website, he could not find the selection for Lingua Franca Nova.
On the last day of school, Ziri went to the beach.
On the last hundred metres before the summit, I got into breathing difficulties.
On the last hundred metres before the summit, I had difficulty breathing.
On the last hundred metres before the summit, I was overcome by shortness of breath.
On the last page, Mary wrote: "The ship is sinking."
On the last page, Mary wrote: "The spaceship is on fire."
On the last page, Mary wrote: "Where did I leave my glasses?"
On the lava fields of Hawaii’s Kilauea volcano, a team of NASA researchers and partners have been busy doing science in a most unusual way.
On the ledge of rock above this strange couple there stood three solemn buzzards, who, at the sight of the new comers, uttered raucous screams of disappointment and flapped sullenly away.
On the left is a hidden passageway.
On the left is reception, and to the right is accounting.
On the left there are two diamond stores.
On the left was the infirmary.
On the list there are only two names: Bartolomeu and Napoleon.
On the little plateau which crowned the barren hill there stood a single giant boulder, and against this boulder there lay a tall man, long-bearded and hard-featured, but of an excessive thinness.
On the main menu of this DVD there is no 'Play Main Feature' button.
On the margin of ponds and streams we may see, flying from one bulrush to another, certain insects with large transparent wings and abdomen long and slender like a piece of string.
On the market place in front of the town hall is a fountain.
On the memo was scrawled, "have her practice floating in the water."
On the moon I would weigh only fifteen kilos.
On the moon Io, a volcano erupted, spewing molten lava and sulfurous gases.
On the moon Io, in that area were several erupting volcanoes.
On the morrow at daybreak, when they led their flocks to pasture, they kissed each other as soon as they met — which they had never done before — and opening their arms exchanged an embrace.
On the morrow he visited the estate that was in Lamon's charge, and when he saw the well-ploughed fields, the carefully tended vines, and the beauty of the garden, he was highly delighted, and bestowed praises upon Lamon, and promised to give him his freedom.
On the mountaintop, Tom noticed that the ants were getting toppled over by strong gusts of wind.
On the new automated teller machine, I accidentally withdrew 50¢ instead of $50 dollars.
On the next day the weather was delightful, and the sun shone brightly on the green burdock leaves, so the mother duck took her young brood down to the water, and jumped in with a splash.
On the night of August 16 along a stretch of newly-constructed road 4–16 km. NNE of Felipe Carrillo Puerto, 27 potoos were seen, their large and brilliant, amber-colored eyes first appearing in the headlights several hundred yards ahead of our vehicle.
On the night of February 25-26, 1992, armed units of the former Soviet army, targeting the 366th regiment in the city of Khankendi, razed the city of Khojaly to the ground.
On the night of February 28, a fireball was seen streaking across the sky over southwestern Britain, dazzling onlookers and exciting scientists.
On the night of November 16, 1966, the Leonid meteor shower, which occurs in November of each year, rained down on Arizona at the rate of 2300 meteors per minute for a 20 minute period.
On the night of the 6th of November of 2021, I trudged on wet pavement with fallen leaves to visit the pizzeria. I ordered two pieces from the South Asian vendor. As I ate at my table, a big fat white man sat waiting for his order. He whispered, "Chaaha! Chaaha!" to the Sikh pizza delivery man near the counter. The Punjabi word means desire, craving, love, tea, aspiration, fondness, etc. Which nuance was it?
On the night of the Seder we drink four glasses of wine.
On the night of the murder, when was the last time that you saw Tom?
On the nightstand, there is a lamp.
On the north side the prairie was bounded by softly rounded knolls, between which tiny lakelets were visible, shining in the bright rays of the glowing sun.
On the off chance you hear from her, will you let me know?
On the old marketplace, smells of fish, fruit and vegetables mingle with the hubbub of conversations spoken in many languages.
On the one eye, watch the outside world, on the other look deep inside yourself.
On the one hand I called you to invite you to dinner, on the other to tell you my son is getting married.
On the one hand he is happy that he is moving, but on the other hand he thinks it is a shame.
On the one hand he is kind to everyone, but on the other hand he never behaves with too much familiarity.
On the one hand it is dangerous. On the other hand it is interesting. From both points of view it is necessary.
On the one hand we suffered a heavy loss, but on the other hand we learned a great deal from the experience.
On the one hand, I very much want to help you, but on the other, I already have previous commitments.
On the one hand, I'm dreading the meeting; on the other, I want to get it over with as soon as possible.
On the one hand, he is happy to be moving, but on the other, he is sorry.
On the one hand, the place is cheap. On the other hand, it's too hot.
On the one hand, you are wrong, but on the other hand, I can't blame you for that.
On the one hand, you are wrong, but on the other hand, I can’t blame you for that.
On the open ice a bear may lie on its stomach.
On the other hand a lot of people die young.
On the other hand they also found that gamers with more positive usernames tended to have positive in-game behavior, which they say could correlate with positive personality traits in the real world.
On the other hand we learned a great deal from the experience.
On the other hand, Ravenswood saw in Lucy a soft and flexible character, which, in his eyes at least, seemed too susceptible of being moulded to any form by those with whom she lived.
On the other hand, being unable to forgive has negative effects on mental health.
On the other hand, even if I was expected to cut through easily, that's no surprise.
On the other hand, he had a different opinion.
On the other hand, is "poet" in "Browning the poet" an adjective?
On the other hand, it can also be stressful to impose such strict restrictions on yourself. It can lead to feelings of exhaustion, poor concentration and an increased likelihood of binge eating.
On the other hand, my fingers usually get numb when I haven't slept well.
On the other hand, nothing more quickly disarms this feeling of antagonism than evidence of delicacy on your part.
On the other hand, the men treading in the wine-presses were loud in their praises of Chloe, and at sight of her they danced and stamped like so many Satyrs in presence of a Bacchante; exclaiming that they would gladly become sheep to be fed and tended by such a shepherdess.
On the other hand, there are some disadvantages.
On the other hand, there seem to be those among young folk who, while touching on Buddhism, have started to think of it as a vital spiritual support.
On the other hand, when public officials act wrongly, Americans feel a responsibility to protest.
On the other hand, you want to come to Tianjin for fun and to talk to me.
On the other side of the park, there's a beautiful river.
On the other side of the river is a poplar wood.
On the other side of the street, there are no houses yet.
On the other side of the street, there is a white house.
On the other side of the street, there towers a church.
On the other side of the tunnel the sun was shining.
On the outside I tried to look very serious.
On the outside the school looks like a prison.
On the outside this building is not remarkable, but if you look inside there is a courtyard with a very beautiful garden.
On the outside, Tom and Mary seemed perfectly happy.
On the outside, it appears that we've nothing in common.
On the outside, they seemed perfectly happy.
On the outside, you'll change your mind.
On the outskirts stood a tall castle.
On the page there was a list of phone numbers.
On the paper she had enumerated the do's and don'ts for him.
On the part of God the Covenant is a lasting "commitment"; he remains faithful to his spousal love even if the bride often shows herself to be unfaithful.
On the pavement below, a foot passer might squeeze by a costard monger’s cart, but two carts abreast could not pass.
On the plate there is a piece of chicken, a potato and some peas.
On the plate was a piece of chicken, a potato and some green peas.
On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down.
On the political level the response was the nationalist and fundamentalist revolt of the Maccabees.
On the positive side, men who did not develop colon cancer had fiber-rich diets and ate foods containing a lot of calcium and vitamin D.
On the postcard, you can see a church.
On the poster, my surname is written in enormous letters.
On the practical side, the application of Emmet's theory has produced several outstanding designs.
On the practical side, the application of Emmet’s theory has produced several outstanding designs.
On the proviso that you don't use mayonaise, you may make me a sandwich.
On the radio, they said that it was going to be cold.
On the religious side, the decision caused serious dissension among followers.
On the remote Italian island of Lampedusa—closer to Tunisia than Sicily—the arrival of dilapidated boats packed with hundreds of migrants is a near-daily occurrence.
On the right as you look at it is the Gents, and on the left is the Ladies.
On the right, the Iller, Lech, Isar and Inn rivers draw towards the Danube.
On the right, there is a field of barley; while on the left, there is a field of wheat.
On the road into the village is a new roundabout.
On the rocks where the holdfasts secure kelp fronds to the bottom live many invertebrates including abalone, sea urchins and sea stars.
On the rocks, please.
On the same day, Apollo 11 succeeded in landing on the moon's surface.
On the same day, Apollo 11 succeeded in landing on the moon’s surface.
On the scale of molecules, the clear tip of a steel knife is floating and blurred like the shore of a stormy ocean that forms waves on a white-sand beach.
On the sea, we are victorious.
On the second floor are two bedrooms, a bathroom and a large terrace.
On the second morning, the Scotsman saw from the top of his tree a great castle far away.
On the set, I like to improvise.
On the seventh day out, before daybreak, the slaves rose up in rebellion.
On the seventh floor, you can find four luxury restaurants.
On the shore dimly seen, thro’ the mists of the deep, where the foe’s haughty host in dread silence reposes, what is that which the breeze, o’er the towering steep, as it fitfully blows, half conceals, half discloses?
On the shore of a large lake stands a beautiful temple.
On the shore of the pond is where you can build a gazebo, and afterwards that corner of the garden will be a cozy place for recreation.
On the shores of the Indus, ancient times gave intelligence to all the forces of Nature, thus creating countless divinities, including Kaissa, the goddess of chess.
On the sixth day, however, they must gather and prepare twice as much as they usually gather on other days.
On the slope of the roof two men were repairing the tiling.
On the speaker's saying so, the audience burst out into laughter.
On the speaker’s saying so, the audience burst out into laughter.
On the statue, the year 1920 is engraved.
On the street at night, Tom was threatened by an unfamiliar man with a knife and robbed of his money.
On the street where I used to live when I was a boy, there was an ailurophile, an old woman who raised a lot of cats.
On the street, a cool morning breeze was blowing.
On the subject, I can only promise.
On the summit, hard and clear like an equestrian statue upon its pedestal, was a mounted soldier, dark and stern, his rifle poised ready over his forearm.
On the sunny 29th of October of 2021, I had my usual medium-sized iced green tea at the local cafe on Lulu Island. At the counter, Max the Chinese said that she was going to dye her hair purple once it has grown a bit. It was blue before she had cut it. Through the window, I could see that fresh teenagers were already celebrating Halloween with fancy costumes. At another table sat two Filipino men, one thinner in black and the other handsome and tubby in blue.
On the sunny morning of the 9th of March of 2022, I found myself in the Lulu Island pizzeria, as Tharsan, the Sri Lankan owner, served me a pesto cheese slice. I took a cold black diet cola from the dispensing machine. Rose the Filipina and Tharsan were preparing many orders, some for schools. A loquacious, neat-looking head-shaven delivery man in a blue jacket and black track pants was loading the pizzas into his vehicle. The big screen was showing news from Seattle, but the sound was turned off, as usual.
On the surface the book consists mostly of a series of case histories.
On the surface, America's economy is booming, inflation is edging down, unemployment is low, and economic growth is on track for 2.7 percent this year - double the rate of any other G7 country, according to the International Monetary Fund.
On the surface, he appears to be a decent person.
On the surface, it looks perfect to me.
On the surface, it's a trivial matter.
On the table he saw a slice of bread lying, and, being hungry, he ate it before going to sleep.
On the table is a book.
On the table is a green book.
On the table lay books of all kinds.
On the table lay two banknotes for ten pounds each and seventeen pounds ten in silver and gold, the money arranged in little piles of varying amount.
On the table lies a bunch of ripe grapes.
On the table there are some books.
On the table there was a cat.
On the table there's a plate, a fork, and a knife.
On the table was an earthenware bowl filled with steaming potatoes.
On the table were a bottle of champagne and two glasses.
On the table, I saw a half-eaten banana.
On the table, reposed a nut cake which she had baked that morning . . . a particularly toothsome concoction iced with pink icing and adorned with walnuts.
On the table, there was a plate with three fried eggs on it.
On the table, there's a plate and a cup.
On the tenth of next month, they will have been married for twenty years.
On the tenth of next month, they'll have been married for twenty years.
On the third anniversary of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the US sided with Russia, North Korea and Belarus, voting against a UN resolution condemning the invasion.
On the third day a wedding took place at Cana in Galilee.
On the third day of Diwali, Indians pay homage to Lakshmi, the goddess of wealth and prosperity.
On the third day, Matthew went on a canoeing trip with some fellow campers.
On the third day, a wedding took place at Cana in Galilee.
On the tiny island of Carabane, Khady Ndiaye and her eldest daughter Sophie bustle around her well-stocked store.
On the top of the precipitous shore, looking out to sea, was a large castle.
On the topic of Denglish: "Who has nothing to say, says it in English".
On the topic of Japan, I have gone there many times.
On the train, Tom gave his seat to an old woman with a cane.
On the tray are five objects - three of them are keys.
On the upside, the study finds that remote work has led to more authentic moments between co-workers who’ve ended up meeting a colleague’s pets or families online.
On the village green is a broad chestnut tree in whose shade you can enjoy a lazy summer afternoon.
On the wall are many drawers.
On the wall hung a picture of Mary, forefinger threateningly raised, looking as though she were in the middle of reading the viewer the riot act. Beneath read the caption: "I'm in charge here!"
On the wall hung a picture of Mary, forefinger threateningly raised, looking as though she were reading the observer the riot act. "I'm in charge here!" was the inscription added beneath.
On the wall in his room is a still life by a Dutch painter.
On the wall is a large picture.
On the wall is an old oil painting.
On the wall there was a big picture of Sir Anthony at the piano.
On the walls of the steam sauna is a beautiful mosaic in pleasing colours. Because of the steam and the subdued lighting, it can only be seen dimly.
On the way back I stopped in front of the cemetery gate.
On the way back home, Donald and Jessica fought over the window seat.
On the way back home, Ziri told Rima everything.
On the way back, I was very scared.
On the way back, we'll buy some bread.
On the way home I met Tom.
On the way home I pushed my bicycle.
On the way home I saw a squirrel. It ran across the road and disappeared up a tree.
On the way home I'll stop by the post office.
On the way home he eats a hamburger in his car.
On the way home we stopped at a farm to look at the newly-born foals and calves.
On the way home, Ziri couldn't stop thinking about Rima.
On the way home, we got caught in the rain.
On the way out I said to my waitress, "Be careful, Sue. There's something funny about the glasses you gave me - they're filled in on the top, and there's a hole on the bottom!"
On the way out I said to my waitress, "Be careful, Sue. There’s something funny about the glasses you gave me - they’re filled in on the top, and there’s a hole on the bottom!"
On the way there, the limo broke.
On the way to Bonn, we took in the Cologne Cathedral.
On the way to London Mr Higgins told Tom and Susie many interesting things.
On the way to Stockholm, they made a detour to Västerås.
On the way to school I lost my wallet.
On the way to school I met Tom.
On the way to school, I met my friend Karlo, who was walking.
On the way to the airport they stopped at a gas station.
On the way up there, there were a lot of holes and rocks.
On the way we dropped in at the shops and bought foodstuffs. They say well prepared means no worries.
On the way, I popped into a bookshop.
On the way, the brave are needed; on the battlefield, heroes are needed.
On the way, there were places where the snow came up to your knees.
On the way, there were places where the snow was knee-deep.
On the wedding day itself, Tom showed Mary his true face.
On the weekend I will take care of the garden.
On the weekend you'll have enough time to learn.
On the weekend, I climbed the mountain.
On the weekend, I hang out with the people from my neighborhood.
On the weekend, Ziri asked Rima out on a date.
On the weekends, I rest.
On the wester horizon we saw a plume of smoke. Our scout thought it came from a wildfire, not a chimney.
On the western side was a heap of caverned bowlders, and a fire burned in front with three persons sitting beside it.
On the whole I agree with you.
On the whole I am satisfied with the experiment.
On the whole I am satisfied with the result.
On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good and not quite all the time.
On the whole they had really good luck.
On the whole, Canada has a severe climate.
On the whole, I agree with her.
On the whole, I agree with you.
On the whole, I am in favor of your opinion.
On the whole, I think your plan is a very good one.
On the whole, I'm not interested in politics.
On the whole, Tom has almost never been late.
On the whole, he has had a lot of luck.
On the whole, my company is doing well now.
On the whole, the Japanese are conservative.
On the whole, the country has a severe climate.
On the whole, the elite are not sensitive to criticism.
On the whole, the event was successful.
On the whole, the older a man grows, the more conservative he becomes.
On the whole, the pomato plants are growing well this year.
On the whole, the result was unsatisfactory.
On the whole, your idea is sound.
On the wings of Time grief flies away.
On their itinerary, they will hear a variety of portrayals of old inhabitants, the sea, the coast, the fishing and the agriculture.
On their journey, the pioneering team of electric motorcycle riders hope to meet the wealthy owner of a major battery manufacturing plant in Las Vegas.
On their way back home, Tom and Mary suggested that they stop and get something to eat.
On their way back home, Tom suggested that they stop and get something to eat.
On their way they took Hyccara, a petty Sicanian seaport, nevertheless at war with Egesta, and making slaves of the inhabitants gave up the town to the Egestaeans, some of whose horse had joined them; after which the army proceeded through the territory of the Sicels until it reached Catana, while the fleet sailed along the coast with the slaves on board.
On their way to Stockholm they made a detour to Västerås.
On these blustery, end-of-winter days in New York City, the sky is often grey and overcast, the wind may howl, and there is nary a green leaf to be seen. But in the tropical garden at the Butterfly Conservatory, it is a humid thirty-two degrees Celsius and the air is alive with the iridescent flutter of patterned wings.
On these foraging trips, the bee can travel as far as two to five miles from the hive.
On these grounds, alone, I think I may claim a preference to other suitors, and none of their gifts shall exceed mine. They may offer goats and sheep, or a yoke of wretched oxen, or corn that is even not fit food for fowls; but I will give you three thousand drachmas — only let no one know what I have offered — not even Lamon my father!
On these occasions I have noticed such a dreamy, vacant expression in his eyes, that I might have suspected him of being addicted to the use of some narcotic, had not the temperance and cleanliness of his whole life forbidden such a notion.
On this Earth Day, as we physically separate ourselves by necessity, we can still collectively appreciate the wondrous beauty of our planet and the extraordinary science that helps us understand how it all works.
On this day I had difficulties with speaking.
On this day in 1887 appeared in Warsaw a booklet by Ludwik Lejzer Zamenhof about the "International Language". Its size was modest, its motto ambitious: "For a language to be international, it is not enough simply to declare it so." The name of the author was given as "Dr. Esperanto".
On this day, our writer was killed.
On this day, they're sitting amidst guitars, mandolins, harmonicas, trumpets and amps, with a guitar case opened to accept donations.
On this drizzly summer morning, Martin is out on his boat, the Lucky Catch, hauling traps out of Casco Bay off the southern coast of Maine.
On this evening dad sat at his desk.
On this he burst forth into a tremendous passion, took leave of the mother with maledictions, and as he left the apartment, turned back to say to his weak, if not fickle, mistresss: “For you, madam, you will be a world's wonder”; a phrase by which some remarkable degree of calamity is usually implied.
On this hot summer day, Mary wore a midriff-baring T-shirt.
On this island, petrels are being killed off by rats.
On this island, there's no water.
On this isolated beach, you feel like you are all alone in the world.
On this job, you've got to be on your toes all day long.
On this matter, I feel exactly the same as way Tom and Mary do.
On this matter, I feel exactly the same as way Tom does.
On this occasion, he got a baptism by fire.
On this occasion, we should drink a toast.
On this page you'll find special offers.
On this planet, the mushrooms are sapient.
On this planet, the sky is greenish.
On this point it is poles apart from when I set myself on learning English 20 years ago.
On this problem, we have different opinions.
On this side of the mountain, it doesn't rain much.
On this site, there are many useful articles.
On this small island are two large towns and many small settlements.
On this street it is prohibited to park vehicles but loading and unloading is permitted from nine at night until eight in the morning.
On this street there is a cat for each person.
On this street there is a cat for every person.
On this train there is no baggage car.
On this tree hangs an active beehive.
On this tree, there is an apple on every branch.
On this wall, a painting will hang, and on that one, some framed photographs.
On this website, words mean actions.
On this, we agree.
On those days I usually get up at five.
On those nights when there is absolutely no wind, you can see this almost perfect reflection, this mirrored image, of the sky.
On today's maps, there are plenty of wannabe countries that are struggling for recognition.
On top is an aerial.
On top of everything else, James was lazy and acted spoilt.
On top of everything else, he added that he was hungry.
On top of that!
On top of that, it was raining.
On top of that, the Chinese like taking naps.
On top of that, the photographs that were are placed one by one, popped out.
On top of the hot dog, he put a couple of slices of apple.
On top of the mountain stood a mysterious figure.
On top of the mountains are the chalets with their kine, and at a certain elevation the milk and the wine meet, while below is the water of the lake, so good to mix with both.
On top of the onions, he placed the hot dog.
On top of the statue, Sadako is holding a golden crane over her head.
On vaccines, the letter says 86 percent of the world's kids now have coverage for a basic package of vaccines against diphtheria, tetanus and pertussis, the highest percentage ever.
On warm days, bears stretch out or lie on their backs with their feet in the air.
On we stride / through shadowy ways; and I who rushing spear / and thronging foes but lately had defied, / now fear each sound, each whisper of the air, / trembling for him I lead, and for the charge I bear.
On weekdays there are enough parking spots free that you should be able to get one close to my apartment.
On weekdays, I don't eat lunch at home.
On weekdays, shopping streets swarm with people hurrying and rushing along.
On weekdays, there are always fewer people.
On weekdays, there are always more people.
On weekends I got up later than usual.
On weekends, I get up later than usual.
On weekends, I like to sleep in.
On weekends, I like to watch sports.
On weekends, I stay at my parents' house.
On weekends, I take my dogs out for a long walk in the park.
On weekends, I usually take it easy.
On weekends, driving in Algiers is a breeze.
On weekends, many people work instead of having a rest.
On weekends, most Algerians simply stay home.
On weekends, my father would often take us to Kabylie.
On weekends, we get up at 11:30 a.m.
On what account?
On what basis did the police arrest him?
On what business did you come here?
On what date did your last period start?
On what date is the ceremony scheduled?
On what date will the party be held?
On what day are you off, usually?
On what day of the week does your birthday fall this year?
On what day were you born?
On what do you base your judgement?
On what grounds are you arresting me?
On what grounds were you fired?
On what kind of bread?
On what planet are you?
On what planet?
On what platform does the train from Lyon arrive?
On what street?
On whatever level, you can't compete with me.
On which bed would you like to sleep?
On which chair did you put the book?
On which counter can I make my appointment?
On which days do you work?
On which finger does one put the ring?
On which finger is the ring worn?
On which shelf?
On which side do I have to put the fork?
On which side of the bed do you sleep?
On which street should I start?
On which videogames can I chat with a lot of French speakers?
On whole, the plan seems good to me.
On whose authority did you do that?
On wood surfaces, use a mixture of mild soap and water to clean sticky spots.
On your bike!
On your birthday this year, Andrew, you are turning 28 right?
On your feet now, Hungary calls you!
On your feet, children!
On your knees!
On your left is the Duke's residence.
On your mark! Get set! Go!
On your mark, get set, go!
On your mark, ready, set, go!
On your marks, get set, go!
On your marks.
On your marks. Get set. Ready? Go!
On your marks. Ready? Go!
On your six!
On your way home, pick up a half-gallon of goat's milk.
On your way to success in your career life, there will be people who will spot you out and try to make you move forward with your career while some others will do everything they can to keep you in the shadows.
On-again, off-again relationships can be emotionally draining.
Once CO₂ is released into the atmosphere, it remains there for decades, while other global-warming pollutants such as methane and black carbon, or soot, do not. Soot is a byproduct of inefficient burning, a big problem in developing countries with cook stoves using wood, dung or coal. Soot stays in the air for only a few days. Methane, a gas released from landfills, farms, mines and natural gas wells, stays in the atmosphere for about a decade.
Once Carlos had made sense of everything, he was speechless.
Once Catalonia gains independence I'm going there.
Once Comet Siding Spring leaves the inner solar system, it will not come back for a couple million years.
Once I arrived home from school, I heard some sounds coming from my closet, and thinking that it was just our pet cat Chiro, I opened the door wide open, and instead found some guy I didn't know inside.
Once I deactivate my Twitter account, my transition process to Bluesky will begin.
Once I decrypt this email, we'll have all the information that we'll need.
Once I dreamed about being killed in WWll.
Once I find them, I'll kill them!
Once I get home, I'm going to sleep right away.
Once I get started, I can't stop.
Once I get through this horrible exam period, we’ll party hard.
Once I had a love and it was a gas; I soon found out, he had a heart of glass.
Once I had a very bad disease.
Once I had the chance to visit Boston.
Once I had the chance to visit Paris.
Once I helped her.
Once I learned what to listen for, I came to appreciate modern jazz.
Once I lived in Osaka.
Once I make a decision I never change my mind.
Once I opened my eyes again, Amina was staring at me through the bottom of her beer glass.
Once I retire, I will dedicate all my time to Tatoeba.
Once I retire, I will dedicate my whole time to Tatoeba.
Once I sat down, I felt OK.
Once I saw a moose.
Once I start cleaning, I can't stop myself.
Once I started college, I barely had time to sleep.
Once I started writing, I couldn't stop.
Once I started, I couldn't stop.
Once I take a road once, I won't forget it.
Once I thought I was wrong. Turns out I was mistaken.
Once I tried tackling the question, I realised it was easy.
Once I walked through a golden valley that led to shadowy groves and ruins, and ended in a mighty wall green with antique vines, and pierced by a little gate of bronze.
Once I was alone, I felt afraid.
Once I worked for Tom.
Once I write a thousand sentences, I'll be an advanced contributor.
Once I'm home, I'll call her.
Once I'm home, I'll call him.
Once LCRD receives information and encodes it, the payload sends the data to ground stations on Earth that are each equipped with telescopes to receive the light and modems to translate the encoded light back into digital data.
Once Pat decided to do the Christmas gift project, she collected shoeboxes and stockpiled them in the attic.
Once Tom arrives, we can start.
Once Tom gets going, there's no stopping him.
Once Tom gets here we can start.
Once Tom gets here with some tools, we'll have everything we need to get this job done.
Once Tom gets into a flow, it's hard to snap him out of it.
Once Tom got his degree, he finally quit his dead-end job.
Once Tom starts talking, he's hard to stop.
Once Tom starts talking, it's hard to get him to stop.
Once Tom starts talking, it's hard to stop him.
Once Tom tried to invoke a demon, and he almost succeeded.
Once Yanni loses control, he can't stop.
Once Ziri threw up, he felt better.
Once a Georgian old lady cut off whole Armenia from the web with a shovel.
Once a bad habit is formed, it is hard to get rid of it.
Once a bad habit is formed, it's hard to get rid of it.
Once a beggar, always a beggar.
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
Once a day...
Once a fraud, always a fraud.
Once a habit has been acquired, it almost has compulsive power over us.
Once a habit has been acquired, it has almost compulsive power over us.
Once a heifer has a calf, it is no longer a heifer; it is a cow.
Once a house is in ruins, it doesn't care about its foundations: it must be completely rebuilt.
Once a leech has filled with blood, which usually doesn't take longer than 20 minutes, it detaches and leaves.
Once a man came to the house to kill my father.
Once a man, twice a child.
Once a month they test the public address system.
Once a month, I go to the barber.
Once a month, I go to the hairdresser.
Once a month, she has lunch with her father.
Once a month, there was a rave in the wharf's abandoned warehouse.
Once a month.
Once a noob, always a noob.
Once a species goes extinct, it's gone forever.
Once a symbol of the state’s thriving industrial production, the building has been vacant since Bank of America moved out six years ago.
Once a target is acquired, the missile will lock-on to it for the kill.
Once a teacher, always a teacher.
Once a teacher, forever a teacher.
Once a thief, always a thief.
Once a thing is posted, it is in the care of the Post Office.
Once a thread is tied, it's hard to untie.
Once a thriving railroad community, the town now depends on high-speed internet to connect with the outside world.
Once a war breaks out, both sides are in the wrong.
Once a week Mary took her children to playgroup.
Once a week, Mary meets up with her friend.
Once a week, the mother inspects her son's room.
Once a week, the mother inspects her son’s room.
Once a wife beater, always a wife beater.
Once a year at Halloween, the Magic Castle presents its wizardry to the public. This Saturday and Sunday, top magicians are performing at a stage show called "It's Magic!" The cast, which includes Criss Angel, will appear at a Hollywood theater not far from the Magic Castle.
Once a year does not hurt.
Once a year there is an unannounced fire drill and all of the employees have to leave the building immediately.
Once a year, Apollo laughs.
Once a year, on cues from the lunar cycle and the water temperature, entire colonies of coral reefs simultaneously release their tiny eggs and sperm, called gametes, into the ocean.
Once a year.
Once across the river, you are safe.
Once again I am trying to stay with a slightly bigger group.
Once again I felt, that time flies by.
Once again Zuckerberg testifies before Congress, once more he disappoints.
Once again he was totally plastered.
Once again he wrote a song using mixed metaphors.
Once again she could watch the sun and moon and stars.
Once again she could watch the sun, moon, and stars.
Once again she was lived in and taken care of.
Once again the road was plunged in darkness.
Once again, Christmas has come and gone.
Once again, Donald was short on cash.
Once again, I looked at my watch.
Once again, I was able to escape death.
Once again, Lojban is at the forefront of human creative experience - which, of course, will slow it down even as it strengthens it, like a tsunami as it approaches a shoreline.
Once again, Mrs. Lee speaks fondly of the past, and it is impossible to stop her.
Once again, Tom delighted us with his knowledge of Far Eastern wisdom.
Once again, Tom stapled his finger by accident.
Once again, Ziri found himself alone.
Once again, after years of being separated from it, I saw this huge garden.
Once again, he became a wanderer, and he arrived one day at the house of his older brother.
Once again, his manager gave him a dressing-down in front of the whole team.
Once again, my neighbour is blowing the few leaves that dropped onto his lawn, away with his noisy leaf blower.
Once again, my plans have been thwarted.
Once again, someone is wrong on the internet!
Once again, sorry.
Once again, thank you for everything.
Once again, thank you for your help.
Once again, thanks for all your help.
Once again, the dog has gone on a rampage.
Once again, they met in silence.
Once again, they stood united.
Once again, who is your father?
Once again, with gusto!
Once again, you win.
Once again.
Once all the money's run out, we'll have to give up.
Once all the voluntary evacuations have taken place, then we will concentrate our efforts and our forces to mandatorily evacuate individuals.
Once and for all, I forbid it.
Once and for all, let's get this over with.
Once any matter falls into a black hole, it disappears from the visible universe.
Once arrived in Canada, the settler soon found that he had no primrose path before him.
Once at the summit enjoy the vista, then on the descent reap the benefits of your hard work.
Once attached, the microbe inserts its genetic material, turning the cells into little factories that crank out thousands of copies of HIV.
Once bitten, twice shy.
Once bletted, medlars taste really good.
Once capsized, a catamaran is impossible to right without help.
Once damaged, those heart muscle cells — called cardiomyocytes — have very little ability to renew themselves.
Once darkness falls every Oct. 31, American children dress up in costumes and go from house to house.
Once death is standing upon you, you just have to accept your fate and tell yourself that your end has come.
Once decided, there was no turning back.
Once dismissed as an artificial language, Esperanto has gained the respect of a new generation of linguists, as the most successful planned language of all time.
Once divorced from key questions of national culture and identity, comparative literature loses its way.
Once each fossil is stable, it is assigned a unique number and accessioned into the museum collections.
Once elected, I will do my best for all of you who supported me.
Once every month, I go to Boston.
Once every year, on Budding Day, when the trees put forth their new buds, Necile held the Golden Chalice of Ak to the lips of the Queen, who drank therefrom to the prosperity of the Forest.
Once exposed to the public, the spinning mule quickly spread across Great Britain.
Once formed, habits can be difficult to change.
Once gold was less valuable than silver in Japan.
Once gone, you will never get it back.
Once he got a taste, you couldn't keep him away from it.
Once he got the news of his daughter-in-law's death, he totally freaked out.
Once he had written the letter, he sent it.
Once he moved to the city, there were times he felt quite lonely.
Once he saw his father there.
Once he smells it, you won't be able to stop him. He'll be off to the races.
Once he starts talking, Tom keeps going non-stop.
Once in a while I go to Sweden to visit my boyfriend.
Once in a while I jump on my bed.
Once in a while I play golf.
Once in a while I remember how to exercise self-control.
Once in a while I study Esperanto.
Once in a while does no harm.
Once in a while everything goes wrong.
Once in a while he tells strange things.
Once in a while my uncle took me to the harbor.
Once in a while she tells strange things.
Once in a while, I visit the theater.
Once in a while, go outside and get some exercise.
Once in a while, he does mess up.
Once in a while, he leaves his umbrella in the train.
Once in a while, he leaves his umbrella on the train.
Once in a while, she is late for school.
Once in a while, the prophet indulges in fantasy.
Once in a while, we eat out.
Once in a while, we should take a step back and think.
Once in effect, those convicted of violating the so-called anti-leaflet law face fines of up to 30-million won (roughly $27-thousand) as well as up to three years in prison.
Once in orbit, Hawley grappled Hubble with the Shuttle’s robotic arm, carefully lifted it out of the payload bay.
Once in orbit, Yuri Gagarin had no control over his spacecraft. Vostok's reentry was controlled by a computer program sending radio commands to the space capsule.
Once in orbit, a defect in the optical mirrors of the Hubble Space Telescope prevented the clarity that scientists had hoped for when viewing images provided by the telescope.
Once inside, I realized how odd the situation was.
Once is enough.
Once is not a habit.
Once is not enough.
Once is not the norm.
Once is often enough.
Once isn't enough.
Once isolated, it is easy to lose one's sense of self. Abusers insist on controlling minute aspects of their partners' lives. Over time, victims internalize the rules and forget what life was like when they were freer to make their own choices.
Once it cools, the agarose solidifies and the optical fibers are selectively removed using solvents.
Once it enters orbit, a landing probe will detach and land on the planet’s Utopia Planitia region, where it will release a small solar-powered rover that will explore the surface for at least three months.
Once it gets cold, it ain't worth shit.
Once it hits two o'clock, I'll go to bed.
Once it stops raining, we’ll go for a nice walk.
Once it was believed that the earth was the center of the universe.
Once it was done singing, the bird flew away.
Once it was over, everything changed.
Once it's spring, we'll go.
Once known as a concrete jungle, the city has changed its look.
Once lost, time cannot be recalled.
Once more / a limber sapling from the soil I tore; / once more, persisting, I resolved in mind / with inmost search the causes to explore / and probe the mystery that lurked behind; / dark drops of blood once more come trickling from the rind.
Once more Anchises bids us cross the main / and seek Ortygia, and the god constrain / by prayer to pardon and advise, what end / of evils to expect? what woes remain? / What fate hereafter shall our steps attend? / What rest for toil-worn men, and whitherward to wend?
Once more I girt me with the sword and shield, / and forth had soon into the battle hied, / when lo, Creusa at the doorway kneeled, / and reached Iulus to his sire and cried:
Once more she looked at the prince, with her eyes already dimmed by death, then dashed overboard and fell, her body dissolving into foam.
Once more than half of the disc of the Moon is illuminated, it has a shape we call gibbous.
Once more!
Once more, I find myself underground with no idea how to leave.
Once more, fundamentalist ideologies are opposed to great historical advances.
Once more, please.
Once more, the night is over and a new morning begins.
Once more, within a cavern screened from view, / where circling trees a rustling shade supply, / the boards are spread, the altars blaze anew.
Once my grandfather falls asleep, nobody can wake him up.
Once on a time there was a king who had an only daughter.
Once on a time there was a king who had an only daughter. He was so proud and so fond of her, that he was in constant terror that something would happen to her if she went outside the palace, and thus, owing to his great love for her, he forced her to lead the life of a prisoner, shut up within her own rooms.
Once on the road we are only two miles from the Ravine where the horses are waiting.
Once or twice, I had a feeling of intense fear for which I could perceive no definite reason.
Once out of sight of the house, he began to run.
Once out of the ground, the cicadas molt and wait for their bodies to dry and harden, then they fly to the tops of trees where they feed and look for a mate, which they do by making a loud buzz.
Once outside, I gave a deep sigh of relief.
Once part of a balanced ecosystem, the number of native sea urchins in Australia is multiplying.
Once people reach a certain age, they don't want to ask their parents for help anymore.
Once people start comparing themselves to others who already have experienced great success, this becomes an extremely demotivating factor to them.
Once people traded furs for sugar here.
Once per year is not frequent at all.
Once raised, the flag will never be lowered again.
Once renowned in Asia for its durability and versatility, traditional Korean paper is now produced only in a handful of rural paper mills.
Once said, a word cannot be taken back.
Once selected to join the astronaut corps, training begins at the Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas.
Once she arrives, we can start.
Once she starts talking, its hard to stop her.
Once she starts talking, she is hard to stop.
Once she starts talking, there is no stopping her.
Once social change begins it can not be reversed. You can not un-educate the person who has learned to read. You can not humiliate the person who feels pride. You can not oppress the people who are not afraid anymore.
Once thawed, do not freeze again and use right away. Cook well.
Once the Japanese built their houses so as to be cool in summer.
Once the Sultan ruled over today’s Turkey.
Once the Sultan ruled over what today is Turkey.
Once the Sun is totally eclipsed, the Sun's corona can be seen shining in all directions around the Moon. This is a spectacular sight because the only time the Sun's corona can be seen is during a total solar eclipse.
Once the aforesaid issues have been rectified, construction may continue.
Once the asteroids are spotted and their orbits determined, an earthbound asteroid can be nudged slightly off course with a satellite deflector or a high velocity projectile, or blown up with nuclear weapons, causing it to miss its deadly rendezvous.
Once the birds had paired up, half of the zebra finch couples were allowed to go their own way, produce baby birds and live happily ever after.
Once the bumblebee was out of her office, Anna slumped into her chair, feeling a mixture of triumph and exhaustion.
Once the chemical plant caught fire, it exploded.
Once the children are rescued, they receive psychosocial counseling to help them overcome their trauma.
Once the children are rescued, they receive psychosocial counseling to help them overcome their trauma. They also receive educational and vocational training, as well as legal support — a recovery process that can take up to 18 months.
Once the complaining starts, it never ends.
Once the concert was over, he gave the plectrum he was using to one of his fans, who got excited and started to cry.
Once the contract has expired, you are free to take on other work.
Once the corn, beans or perhaps peanuts have depleted the land of nutrients, the farmers leave, and cattle eat what little greenery still grows on the land.
Once the decision was made, there was no turning back.
Once the decision was made, they pressed forward.
Once the drug is injected into patients, the laser light activates the bacterium's photosynthesis, which in turn releases the harmful oxygen molecules, targeting cancer cells for destruction where the laser is pointed.
Once the dust settled, the truth was evident.
Once the eggs are boiled, many of its proteins suffer denaturation.
Once the epiphyseal plates close, you can't grow any taller.
Once the festivity finishes, we'll go back to work.
Once the fighting starts, it won't be safe here.
Once the financial crisis hit, the bitter prospect of becoming unemployed would always weigh on my mind.
Once the first flowers are gone, Friend-Daniel suggests cutting the stem off at the base and removing the material the plant is growing in. Then move the plant to a slightly larger pot filled with fresh moss or tree bark.
Once the flowers die, many people might want to throw the plant away. But not so fast! You might be able to get that orchid to bloom again.
Once the fossils are out of the ground, they are taken to the fossil preparation lab.
Once the mind has taken a wrong turn, it's hard to get it out of the way.
Once the mixture is poured, put it in the freezer and wait for it to harden somewhat, then stir every 30 minutes until done.
Once the nuptials were out of the way, the love evaporated.
Once the orgy was done, not a single person was left unsplattered with splooge.
Once the rain is over, we can enjoy a walk.
Once the sample is taken, put the cotton swab in a test tube and label with the patient's name.
Once the sketch is completed, ink it with a nib pen.
Once the teacher organized a banquet and invited all the neighbors.
Once the truth is known, there’s no going back.
Once the truth is revealed, everything changes.
Once the word is out, it belongs to another.
Once the work is done, usually around half past five, I come home to have dinner.
Once the young hatch they are raised in predator-proof pens until they are larger and more predator resistant.
Once there lived a great king.
Once there lived a king whose name was Alfred.
Once there lived a naughty boy in this village.
Once there lived a very wicked king in England.
Once there lived an old king in England.
Once there lived an old man in a village.
Once there lived an old man in the village.
Once there lived an old woman on a small island.
Once there was a king named Alfred.
Once there was a little boy, With curly hair and pleasant eye— A boy who always told the truth, And never, never told a lie.
Once there was a little girl.
Once there was a peasant that had three sons.
Once there was a poor farmer in the village.
Once there was an unfortunate forgetful guy named James who used to confuse Mary with Maria all the time. For that, Maria hated him with every fibre of her being.
Once there were two women who were best friends, yet they were different: one was as beautiful as the new day but poor as a church mouse, while the other was as unsightly as the night but immeasurably rich. Now it came about that a fellow moved into the land; straightaway he was greedy for the wealth of the unsightly one, but he preferred to be adorned with the beauty by his side.
Once they arrived, everything changed.
Once they came in, Levi's never went out of fashion.
Once they came in, Levi’s never went out of fashion.
Once they computerize the process, it will all be easier.
Once they get used to writing in Kabyle, they won't need other languages to express themselves clearly.
Once they had consummated their marriage, she didn't dare look him in the eye anymore.
Once they had helped each other.
Once they played the Blue Note they always wanted to come back, because there is an intimacy here between the audience and the musician that is appealing to everyone.
Once they started to believe they might lose the war, the Nazis diverted critical resources away from the war effort to ensure that they could kill as many Jews as possible.
Once they started, there was no stopping them.
Once they were finished, goods from the factory were taken to the warehouse for storage.
Once they were very useful.
Once they've learned all they can from you, they tauntingly show you the way.
Once things start going this way, in the end they'll all be much of a muchness.
Once things start going this way, in the end they’ll all be much of a muchness.
Once this process is started, we can get the result within one hour.
Once thousands of independent fishermen plied these cold waters harvesting the abundant bottom feeders known here as "groundfish," especially cod.
Once touched by love, everyone becomes a poet.
Once two people involved in a dispute have explained themselves, they arrange a compromise.
Once upon a time I used to love you, and no matter what, you will always be a part of my life.
Once upon a time a great and powerful king married a lovely princess.
Once upon a time an old man and his wife lived together in a little village.
Once upon a time an old queen, whose husband had been dead for many years, had a beautiful daughter.
Once upon a time everything was better.
Once upon a time in England there was a very bad king.
Once upon a time lived a king who had three daughters.
Once upon a time the king of the Goldland lost himself in a forest, and try as he would he could not find the way out.
Once upon a time the king of the Goldland lost himself in a forest, and try as he would he could not find the way out. As he was wandering down one path which had looked at first more hopeful than the rest he saw a man coming towards him.
Once upon a time there dwelt in the land of Erin a young man who was seeking a wife, and of all the maidens round about none pleased him as well as the only daughter of a farmer.
Once upon a time there lived a king and queen who had three very beautiful daughters.
Once upon a time there lived a princess and a prince.
Once upon a time there lived a queen whose heart was sore because she had no children.
Once upon a time there lived an emperor who was a great conqueror, and reigned over more countries than anyone in the world.
Once upon a time there lived an old king on a small island.
Once upon a time there lived in a certain village a little country girl, the prettiest creature that ever was seen.
Once upon a time there was a beautiful princess who lived in a castle on top of a verdant hill.
Once upon a time there was a chicken that had a crispbread.
Once upon a time there was a dwarf that lived in the forest.
Once upon a time there was a dwarf who lived in the woods.
Once upon a time there was a fisherman who was very poor and felt poorer still because he had no children.
Once upon a time there was a flourishing covey of fifteen: Pa Tridge, Ma Tridge, and thirteen little Tridges, all brown and speckled and very chirpy.
Once upon a time there was a gentleman who married, for his second wife, the proudest and most haughty woman that ever was seen.
Once upon a time there was a king and a queen, who were very sorry that they had no children.
Once upon a time there was a king who had a beautiful daughter.
Once upon a time there was a little prince who lived on a planet that was scarcely any bigger than himself, and who had need of a friend…
Once upon a time there was a miller who was poor, but he had a beautiful daughter.
Once upon a time there was a pandemic.
Once upon a time there was a peasant whose wife died, leaving him with two children.
Once upon a time there was a peasant whose wife died, leaving him with two children—twins—a boy and a girl.
Once upon a time there was a piece of wood.
Once upon a time there was a poor man and a rich woman.
Once upon a time there was a poor, pious girl.
Once upon a time there was an old man ...
Once upon a time there was an ugly little girl.
Once upon a time there was little girl, pretty and dainty. But in summer time she was obliged to go barefooted because she was poor, and in winter she had to wear large wooden shoes.
Once upon a time there were a poor man and a rich woman.
Once upon a time there were two girls who lived with their mother and father.
Once upon a time they used to travel by a diligence.
Once upon a time they were worthless.
Once upon a time two children came to the house of a sailor man, who lived beside the salt sea; and they found the sailor man sitting in his doorway knotting ropes.
Once upon a time — of all the good days in the year, on Christmas Eve — old Scrooge sat busy in his counting-house.
Once upon a time, Lebanon was called "the pearl of the Middle East."
Once upon a time, Mira lived on an island called Atlantis, now at the bottom of the ocean.
Once upon a time, a very long time ago now, about last Friday, Winnie-the-Pooh lived in a forest all by himself under the name of Sanders.
Once upon a time, cybercrime was a concept found only in science-fiction novels.
Once upon a time, in a land not very different to yours lived a beautiful young woman named Belle.
Once upon a time, in a place far away, lived an old man and an old lady.
Once upon a time, in the middle of it, God woke up and since it was dark he said: Let there be light.
Once upon a time, it matters little when, and in stalwart England, it matters little where, a fierce battle was fought. It was fought upon a long summer day when the waving grass was green.
Once upon a time, octopuses roamed the Earth.
Once upon a time, the Caspian tiger ranged from eastern Turkey through the southern Caspian region of northern Iran to the forested areas in Afghanistan and northwestern China.
Once upon a time, there lived a beautiful princess.
Once upon a time, there lived a cruel king.
Once upon a time, there lived a great king in Greece.
Once upon a time, there lived a poor man and a rich woman.
Once upon a time, there lived a pretty girl.
Once upon a time, there lived a stingy old man in the village.
Once upon a time, there lived an extremely vain emperor who cared a lot about his clothes but not his people.
Once upon a time, there lived an old man.
Once upon a time, there lived in a village a little girl called Little Green Hood.
Once upon a time, there was a bad king in England.
Once upon a time, there was a bad man.
Once upon a time, there was a beautiful princess.
Once upon a time, there was a cat whose name was Tango.
Once upon a time, there was a chicken with a crispbread.
Once upon a time, there was a king who had three beautiful daughters.
Once upon a time, there was a man and his wife. They had no house. They were living in the fields and sleeping at the foot of a tree.
Once upon a time, there was a pretty little house way out in the country.
Once upon a time, there was a video format called VHS.
Once upon a time, there was a young man who lived in a small village surrounded by mysterious forests.
Once upon a time, there was an honest but poor man.
Once upon a time, there was an old man in this village.
Once upon a time...
Once used mostly for corporate meetings, video conferences have suddenly become the lifeline connecting isolated friends, co-workers, and family members.
Once was enough.
Once washed, the lining will look brand new.
Once we are airborne, you make unbuckle your seatbelts.
Once we are dead, we are no longer dying.
Once we decide, there’s no turning back.
Once we decided to pretend to be worms, we got on the floor and started writhing.
Once we die, we cease to exist.
Once we get our rebate, this dryer will only cost us half of what we paid.
Once we start reading a book, we should read it all the way through.
Once we thought that Man couldn’t fly.
Once we thought that man couldn't fly.
Once we've killed, we enjoy killing.
Once we've run out of money, we'll have to give up.
Once we’ve killed, we enjoy killing.
Once when the gentle rain fell I glided in a barge down a sunless stream under the earth till I reached another world of purple twilight, iridescent arbours, and undying roses.
Once when the wind was soft and scented I heard the south calling, and sailed endlessly and languorously under strange stars.
Once won't hurt, but twice is once too often.
Once you are married, you are done for.
Once you begin, you must continue.
Once you break the seal, you can't return the tape.
Once you break the seal, you can’t return the tape.
Once you cross the river, you'll be safe.
Once you decide to enter a profession, you can't change your mind on a whim.
Once you did it, never do it again.
Once you die, there's no coming back.
Once you do it, you see that it's not as hard as it sounds.
Once you enter a company, you have to work for the company, whether you want to or not.
Once you enter that room, you'll hear some screams, but don't be scared. They're only patients that need help.
Once you evacuate, do not go back under any circumstances.
Once you get a tattoo, it's like wearing the same T-shirt for the rest of your life.
Once you get in, you can't get out.
Once you get the hang of it, spreadsheet software is really useful.
Once you get the taste for gambling, it's hard to give it up.
Once you get the taste for gambling, it’s hard to give it up.
Once you get to know her, she is very friendly.
Once you get used to electronic media, you can no longer do without them.
Once you go Mac, you'll never go back.
Once you go ahead and start, even the tiresome work of adding and subtracting figures is interesting in its way.
Once you go in, you'll never come out again.
Once you have a Psiphon account, you can log in through a network of proxy servers to connect to the main Psiphon server.
Once you have a plan, you should keep to it.
Once you have begun to do something, don't give up.
Once you have begun to do something, don’t give up.
Once you have begun to do something, never give up.
Once you have completed your mission you can drink as much as you like.
Once you have decided to do something, stick to it.
Once you have done what I said, you will understand better.
Once you have entered your name, please also enter the date.
Once you have fixed it for him, do wash your hands for they are dirty indeed.
Once you have formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.
Once you have formed a bad habit, you can’t get rid of it easily.
Once you have made a promise, you must keep it.
Once you have made a promise, you should keep it.
Once you have reached informal agreement, you should enter into a contract with the other party.
Once you hesitate, you are lost.
Once you learn it, you never forget it.
Once you learn it, you never forget.
Once you learn it, you'll never forget it.
Once you leave here, you can't come back again.
Once you leave here, you can’t come back again.
Once you leave, you can never come back.
Once you leave, you'll never come back.
Once you light the fuse you'll have fifteen seconds to get to safety.
Once you light the fuse you’ll have fifteen seconds to get to safety.
Once you make it to the end, it's okay for you to cry.
Once you reach the age of sixty, you become a senior.
Once you see Tom, let me know.
Once you skip a lesson, it's hard to catch up with your classmates.
Once you skip a lesson, it’s hard to catch up with your classmates.
Once you start a new game, you will enter the Character Creation screen.
Once you start dating the sleazy old professor, disillusionment sets in.
Once you start eating popcorn, it's almost impossible to stop.
Once you start eating popcorn, it's nearly impossible to stop.
Once you start smoking, it is difficult to get rid of that bad habit.
Once you start taking drugs, you have got a problem.
Once you start to take drugs, you have a problem.
Once you start, carry it on.
Once you start, it's easier to keep going.
Once you start, you can't stop.
Once you start, you will never stop.
Once you swing, follow through.
Once you try it, you'll never stop.
Once you turn 16, you can get your learner's permit.
Once you understand, what will there be in your soul?
Once you walk through the gates, you'll see the garden.
Once you're done washing, turn off the faucet right away.
Once you're in, you can't get out.
Once you've been abroad, you see a lot of things differently.
Once you've caught the fish, you no longer need the bait.
Once you've decided when you'll be coming, let me know.
Once you've done the training and assisted with 10 trimmings, you'll be a fully fledged dog groomer.
Once you've formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.
Once you've got into a bad habit, it can be difficult to get out of it.
Once you've learnt how to ride a bike, you'll never forget.
Once you've made a promise, you must keep it.
Once you've made a promise, you should keep it.
Once you've picked up a stone that you like, take it home as soon as you can and treat it well, because that's the only stone you've got.
Once you've read the book, put it back where it was.
Once you've said something, it can't be taken back.
Once you've seen it, you can't unsee it.
Once you've started something, don't give it up.
Once your jug is cracked, better put flowers in it.
Once your reputation's gone, you can boldly carry on.
Once your reputation’s gone, you can boldly carry on.
Once you’ve caught the fish, you no longer need the bait.
Once you’ve done your homework for an hour, you can watch TV.
Once you’ve got into a bad habit, it can be difficult to get out of it.
Once you’ve picked up a stone that you like, take it home as soon as you can and treat it well, because that’s the only stone you’ve got.
Once, Christopher Columbus made a mistake. We say "once", of course, because he did this once and only once.
Once, I dated Tom's sister.
Once, I got lost inside a tree.
Once, I had the chance to appear on television.
Once, I was sitting in a park, and I saw an old man feeding the birds. He looked so peaceful, so connected to nature, that I wrote a short story inspired by him.
Once, Zhuangzi dreamed he was a butterfly, but when he woke up, he wasn't sure whether he was Zhuangzi who had dreamed being a butterfly or if he was a butterfly now dreaming he was Zhuangzi.
Once, Zhuangzi dreamed he was a butterfly, but when he woke up, he wasn't sure whether he was Zhuangzi who had dreamt being a butterfly or if he was a butterfly now dreaming he was Zhuangzi.
Once, Zhuangzi dreamed he was a butterfly, but when he woke up, he wasn’t sure whether he was Zhuangzi who had dreamed being a butterfly or if he was a butterfly now dreaming he was Zhuangzi.
Once, Zhuangzi dreamed he was a butterfly, but when he woke up, he wasn’t sure whether he was Zhuangzi who had dreamt being a butterfly or if he was a butterfly now dreaming he was Zhuangzi.
Once, if I remember well, my life was a feast where all hearts opened and all wines flowed.
Once, it was the stone age.
Once, mugger crocodiles were common across Bangladesh.
Once, she wrote a short story in one night, caught up in inspiration. But when she reread it the next day, she realized it was full of clichés. She had to start over.
Once, so long ago our great-grandfathers could scarcely have heard it mentioned, there lived within the great Forest of Burzee a wood-nymph named Necile.
Once, the vulture was a bird that lived in Poland.
Once, these precarious dinghies were a rare sight in the Canary Islands.
Once, they were inseparable friends, but now they are enemies.
Once, when I lived in Marysville, Mr. Thomas hired an express wagon and took us all to spend the day at the shore ten miles away.
Once, when I was in primary school, a kid was being bullied and it bothered me so much that I exploded with anger.
Once, when I went to my friend Kawai's house, he fired a pistol. He thought it was not loaded and pointed it at my mouth, but it was and the bullet grazed my ear before hitting the closet.
Once, when I went to my friend Kawai’s house, he fired a pistol. He thought it was not loaded and pointed it at my mouth, but it was and the bullet grazed my ear before hitting the closet.
Once, when nobody was looking, Gilbert took from his desk a little pink candy heart with a gold motto on it, "You are sweet," and slipped it under the curve of Anne's arm.
Once-haughty newspapers like the Washington Post are assigning writers and editors to chat with readers in real-time, online sessions.
Ondoy and his companion are going downtown.
One "here" is better, we think, than two "you'll have it": one is secure, the other not.
One American scientist, William Keeton, used a very interesting experiment to solve this mystery.
One American was killed in the fight.
One Australian Christian owns most of the media in the world.
One Canadian dollar equals 0.73 US dollars.
One French government minister Monday lamented the large number of young people who are ignoring the recommendations and still packing beaches or whatever bar they find open. He called them "imbeciles."
One June evening, when the orchards were pink blossomed again, when the frogs were singing silverly sweet in the marshes about the head of the Lake of Shining Waters, and the air was full of the savor of clover fields and balsamic fir woods, Anne was sitting by her gable window.
One New York City Park is getting some non-human help maintaining its green space this week, as a herd of goats has been brought in to help trim the lawn.
One October morning in 1987, Stephen Hawking sat before his computer.
One Piece is a good anime.
One Piece is popular.
One Ring to rule them all.
One Sunday morning George burst into the living room and said the following.
One Sunday morning George burst into the living room and said this.
One Tatoeba contributor was fascinated to realize that at two widely different times she had created the very same sentence. However, within minutes of her adding the second instance, the Horus script recognized that they were identical, and it automatically deleted the redundant sentence.
One Tuesday I stayed home because I had an appointment with the dentist later in the morning.
One accident is too many.
One acquires bad habits very easily.
One ad campaign, for example, asked people to wink and move their lips while following a song.
One advantage of being old is that you no longer desire all the things that you couldn't afford to buy when you were young.
One after another the animals died.
One after another they stood up and went out.
One after another, the animals died.
One afternoon in late spring, Tom went out for a swim and was never seen again.
One afternoon, I grabbed my parachute and said, "Between a star and two swallows."
One always has to make sacrifices.
One always needs to make sacrifices.
One always returns to where one comes from.
One always tends to overpraise a long book, because one has got through it.
One and a half hours are ninety minutes.
One and a half years have passed since I started to learn Chinese.
One and all, / with weapons massed, press on and follow at his call.
One and one is two.
One and one makes two.
One and three are odd numbers.
One apple a day keeps the doctor away!
One apple a day keeps the doctor away.
One apple-tree had been stripped; its branches were bare, every leaf was torn off, and all the fruit had been gathered except a single apple, which grew upon the top of the highest branch. This apple was very large and beautiful, and its fragrance alone excelled the united fragrance of many others.
One at a time.
One bad apple spoils the barrel.
One bad apple spoils the bunch.
One bad apple spoils the whole bunch.
One bagel, please.
One bamboo chair had already been vacated by its occupant; in the other, sat a young English lady.
One bastard tells another, get lost!
One beats the bush, and another catches the bird.
One becomes a good writer just as one becomes a good carpenter: by planing down one's sentences.
One becomes a good writer just as one becomes a good carpenter: by planing down one’s sentences.
One beer is nothing.
One beer isn't going to kill you.
One beer, please!
One beetle recognises another.
One believes what one wants to believe.
One bethinks that they have heard enough of royalty, but yet another scandal arises.
One big reason why I want to stay a kid is because I'm scared of what'll happen to me when I'm out there in the real world.
One billion people speak English.
One black sheep ruins the whole herd.
One book is thin and the other is thick; the thick one has about 200 pages.
One book is thin, and the other is thick.
One book is thin. The other is thick. The thick one has about 200 pages.
One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world.
One box is enough.
One box is still missing.
One boy is older than the others.
One boy is older than the rest.
One boy is smart and studious. The other one is goofy and playful.
One boy is taller than the other.
One boy is taller than the others.
One bridge was only to be used by citizens.
One brings fish from the north and fruit from the south.
One bug was found in the bathroom, another in the headboard of a bed.
One by one the boys went out of the room.
One by one the boys were captured.
One by one they rousted themselves and left.
One by one, English football clubs are being taken over by investors from the United States, China and the Middle East.
One by one, friends came up to speak to him.
One by one, friends came up to speak to me.
One by one, the Senators voted.
One by one, the boys came to see what I was reading.
One by one, the boys left the room.
One by one, the chamber's 513 deputies rose to announce their vote at a microphone, greeted by cheers and sometimes jeers from the rest of the members.
One by one, the leaves fall to the ground.
One by one, the members told us about their strange experience.
One by one, the senators voted.
One cake was frozen.
One calls that metal zinc.
One can acquire this book in one store only.
One can acquire this book only in a store.
One can also mention his essays.
One can always find someone who knows what to do.
One can always find time.
One can always hope.
One can always learn more.
One can always learn.
One can at least resolve to get through this day with "humour".
One can be an idiot while being correct.
One can be cleverer than another person, but not cleverer than all others.
One can be ignorant, but knowledgeable.
One can be incorrect without being an idiot.
One can be intelligent, but ignorant.
One can but try.
One can buy a toothbrush at the pharmacy.
One can buy anything with money.
One can buy gifts in a shop.
One can classify books into good ones and bad ones.
One can consider Esperanto as a Steampunk language, whilst Interlingua as a Dieselpunk language.
One can cure oneself of the "not un-" formation by memorizing this sentence: "A not unblack dog was chasing a not unsmall rabbit across a not ungreen field."
One can discuss any subject with him.
One can drink too much, but never enough.
One can drink too much, but one never drinks enough.
One can easily characterize a majority of the energy and power subcommittee members as nincompoops — scientific illiterates who spread misinformation crafted by oil and coal companies in order to minimize the significance of global climate change.
One can easily learn from defeat. It’s harder to learn from victory.
One can eat very well in São Paulo or New York.
One can eat very well in São Paulo.
One can even buy a so-called Religion, which is really but common morality sanctified with flowers and music. Rob the Church of her accessories and what remains behind?
One can even learn at an old age.
One can expect to encounter many reactions of incomprehension when attempting to speak in a foreign language.
One can explore and explain only that which exists.
One can find additional information on our website.
One can find grammar and vocabulary in the work book.
One can gain a greater understanding of one's own language through learning another.
One can get accustomed to anything.
One can get used to anything.
One can hardly change one's point of view.
One can hardly change one’s point of view.
One can hardly find a more suitable climate.
One can have an instant access to the desired information on the Internet.
One can learn words much better in context, for example in sentences or stories.
One can legally do business with the so-called “occupied territories” in the east, but smugglers circumvent cumbersome legal procedures and opt to deliver goods clandestinely.
One can make many beautiful things with garbage.
One can never be too careful.
One can never be too certain.
One can never be too sure.
One can never be too young or too old to enjoy a certain genre of music.
One can never completely know the truth about some of the state's shady deals.
One can never forget how to ride a bicycle.
One can never gild shit so it does not smell.
One can never really relax.
One can never stop learning.
One can no more write good English than one can compose good music, merely by keeping the rules.
One can not find such things everywhere.
One can not travel without a passport.
One can only be perfectly universal by turning to the values of the earth.
One can only buy it here.
One can only die once.
One can only do one's best.
One can only envy her.
One can only envy him.
One can only envy them.
One can only envy you.
One can prove or refute anything at all with words. Soon people will perfect language technology to such an extent that they'll be proving with mathematical precision that twice two is seven.
One can sacrifice oneself for one's own ideas, but not for the foolishness of others.
One can say that Tom is a professional criminal.
One can see faraway objects with a telescope.
One can see he had a drink.
One can see if they have eyes; one can hear if they have ears.
One can see that you've never ever worked anything.
One can see that.
One can still see the scar where the acid was accidentally poured on my arm.
One can still see the ship.
One can tell by his accent that he's German.
One can tell how much one has aged by looking at the faces of those one knew when one was young.
One can tell what a house is like by its lawn.
One can tell who writes and reads, one can tell who only writes.
One can trust him.
One can walk to school in ten minutes.
One can win several battles but lose the war.
One can't always be lucky.
One can't be everywhere at the same time.
One can't be too careful.
One can't change one's set of values.
One can't cry when one is a man.
One can't discount a global disaster like a virulent plague.
One can't discount a global natural catastrophe like a meteor strike.
One can't do lots of things at the same time.
One can't do more than one thing at a time.
One can't do the impossible.
One can't earn too much money.
One can't expect everything from schools.
One can't get along with you.
One can't go beyond one's limits with exercising and stay within the bounds of what one can do. Otherwise, it can have negative effects on the body.
One can't hear any sound at all in the concert hall.
One can't help many, but many can help one.
One can't learn to do anything without making mistakes.
One can't live without water.
One can't play baseball here.
One can't put back the clock.
One can't put that in words.
One can't quarrel with destiny.
One can't save everyone.
One can't see through a brick wall.
One can't share it?
One can't survive without money.
One can't visit Rome in one day.
One candle is enough.
One candle will be enough.
One cannot bathe twice in the same river.
One cannot be successful if one does not work hard.
One cannot cooperate in the absence of reciprocal respect.
One cannot defend oneself against stupidity.
One cannot desire what one doesn't know.
One cannot do lots of things at the same time.
One cannot embrace the unembraceable.
One cannot erase the past.
One cannot fast on a full stomach.
One cannot fast with a full belly.
One cannot feel at ease in this country.
One cannot find peace in work or in pleasure, in the world or in a convent, but only in one's soul.
One cannot get enough of the things one does not need.
One cannot get through if there is no door; there is no light if there is no window.
One cannot have pain without pleasure, and one cannot have pleasure without pain.
One cannot help liking the best things of one's home.
One cannot help liking the best things of one’s home.
One cannot judge people only by their outward appearances.
One cannot know everything.
One cannot know what the future holds.
One cannot know.
One cannot learn a language without being in touch with the language.
One cannot live here.
One cannot live solely on air and love.
One cannot live without eating.
One cannot make dogs out of cats.
One cannot not communicate.
One cannot overestimate the importance of getting up early.
One cannot read a good book without being so much the better for it.
One cannot remain neutral between those who destroy the law and those who obey it. Neutrality means not dispassion but impartiality, and one cannot remain impartial between right and wrong.
One cannot see anything because of the fog.
One cannot see their own face without a mirror.
One cannot study in such noise.
One cannot survive on love alone.
One cannot survive without money.
One cannot teach wisdom to a fool.
One cannot translate sentences literally.
One cannot trust such a man.
One cannot trust surveys.
One can’t change one’s set of values.
One can’t do lots of things at the same time.
One can’t expect everything from schools.
One can’t help many, but many can help one.
One can’t learn to do anything without making mistakes.
One can’t live unless human speech adorns, / Nor gather roses past the reach of thorns.
One can’t live without water.
One can’t play baseball here.
One can’t quarrel with destiny.
One can’t see through a brick wall.
One can’t visit Rome in one day.
One car wasn't enough for Tom.
One caveat is that the levels of CFC in the planet's atmosphere would have to be 10 times higher than here on Earth.
One chance and you blew it.
One child is learning, but the others are sleeping.
One chopstick is easily broken, while a bundle of chopsticks is not.
One church, located in Makouda, was scheduled for closure on that day.
One cinnamon doughnut and a slice of apple pie, please.
One citron tea, please!
One civilian was killed.
One clear star hung over the orchard and the fireflies were flitting over in Lover's Lane, in and out among the ferns and rustling boughs.
One clear thought is worth two neologisms.
One closes the eyes of the dead gently, and one should open the eyes of the living no less gently!
One cloud looks like a dog.
One coffee, please.
One coin is not money.
One commuter who endures a one-and-one-half-hour drive from the outer suburbs to his job in a center city recommends listening to a good "book on tape," which he says distracts him.
One constellation that most people know is the Big Dipper.
One could argue that with the thick, complex, contradictory book which is the Bible, God intended nothing more than to make clear to his devotees that there is nothing has the One Truth.
One could feel that Mr. Tom Jackson was aggressively anti-American.
One could hardly understand what he was saying.
One could not guess that the setting of that film was Australia's Great Barrier Reef.
One could not look upon his cruel blue eyes, with their drooping, cynical lids, or upon the fierce, aggressive nose and the threatening, deep-lined brow, without reading Nature’s plainest danger-signals.
One could say I'm a bit of a dreamer.
One could say his life can be summed up in one word: Love.
One could say that I'm a bit of a dreamer.
One could tell from her eyes that she'd been drugged.
One country I want to visit is Algeria.
One crate is still missing.
One crook plus one crook is equal to zero crooks.
One crow doesn't peck another's eye.
One crow doesn’t peck another’s eye.
One crown and fifty ore.
One cup of coffee and your head will clear up.
One cup of coffee commits one to forty years of friendship.
One cup of coffee, please.
One cup of tea became several.
One customer, tired of queuing, left the shop without being served.
One cuts with a knife.
One day Americans will come to worship the pomegranate.
One day Byron awoke to find himself famous.
One day I added a sentence in Esperanto and someone told me it wasn't what a native speaker would say.
One day I found a book there.
One day I found a box there.
One day I had a phone call from a friend. "There's a nice little earner, won't you come round?" so I went to his house.
One day I had a phone call from a friend. "There’s a nice little earner, won’t you come round?" so I went to his house.
One day I met her.
One day I met him.
One day I saw my friend Sierra waiting at a bus stop. She was wearing headphones and did not hear me come up behind her. So, when I touched her shoulder, she nearly jumped out of her skin!
One day I strolled into the woods.
One day I visited an old friend.
One day I visited my aunt.
One day I was lost in London.
One day I was running with my brother.
One day I went to school with my best friend, Gitte.
One day I went to see her and told her that she should tell everything to her husband.
One day I will get married and have children, but for now I want to live for myself.
One day I will go to live in Iceland.
One day I will meet him.
One day I wrote her name upon the strand, but came the waves and washed it away: again I wrote it with a second hand, but came the tide, and made my pains his prey.
One day I'll want to fly outside the country.
One day I'm going to kill you.
One day I, too, would like to be a mean old hag.
One day Mark Twain surprisingly confessed: "I am not as young as I was several years ago..."
One day Mike and Jane went downtown to do some shopping.
One day Tom hopes to learn more about what makes him so different from other people.
One day Tom just up and left.
One day Tom will be a real boy.
One day Tom will understand.
One day a girl came to visit me.
One day a man came to the Buddha and said: "May I be so bold as to suggest that what you are teaching us is actually not to be found in the scriptures?" "Then put it in there," the Buddha said.
One day a man will fly to the stars.
One day a week he fasts for health reasons.
One day an old man went fishing in the river.
One day and now another passed; the gale / sings in the shrouds, and calls us to depart.
One day apart seems like a separation of three years.
One day as he was fishing, the fisherman caught in his net the finest fish he had ever seen, the scales all gold and eyes as bright as diamonds.
One day at recess, Yuri was approached by Martha.
One day even this sentence might be useful to someone.
One day everything will end.
One day follows the other and soon a week has gone by.
One day he helped a weak turtle.
One day he killed himself.
One day he received an anonymous letter which told him that Odette had been the mistress of countless men and women, and that she frequented houses of ill-fame.
One day he set off on a long walk around the town.
One day he was walking along the street.
One day he went to see the doctor.
One day he will be mine.
One day he will return to Japan.
One day her mother, having made some custards, said to her:— "Go, my dear, and see how your grandmother does, for I hear she has been very ill; carry her a custard and this little pot of butter."
One day his father gave him a pretty little scaling knife.
One day humanity will pay for trying to conquer the strength of God.
One day in 1906, a newspaper cartoonist named Tad Dorgan went to a baseball game.
One day in July, we went to the sea.
One day in October, when Sadako awoke, she found her mother crying.
One day in a wide, flowery field he met a bear, a big Russian bear.
One day in early spring he had so far relaxed as to go for a walk with me in the Park, where the first faint shoots of green were breaking out upon the elms, and the sticky spear-heads of the chestnuts were just beginning to burst into their five-fold leaves.
One day isn't enough.
One day it will be possible to travel the galaxy.
One day it will happen.
One day my prince will come…
One day my wife received a letter from America. I saw the American stamp. She turned deadly white, read the letter, and threw it into the fire. She made no allusion to it afterwards.
One day or another, sooner or later, humanity will destroy itself.
One day our children will take over our paddy planting.
One day passed, and then another.
One day passed. Then another.
One day she and I visited an old friend.
One day she met a wolf in the woods.
One day she was spoken to by a stranger.
One day she went out with the other village children to pluck strawberries.
One day someone tagged the Tales of Columbus as "lie" on Tatoeba, and Columbus came to remove them.
One day the avocado will be held in the highest esteem.
One day the men got to his village.
One day the small boy moved to another village with his family and brought Tango along with him.
One day the stepmother had given the girl a frightful beating, and then threatened to kill her outright.
One day the truth will come.
One day their father said to his sons: "My dear boys, take each of you an arrow, draw your strong bow and let your arrow fly; in whatever court it falls, in that court there will be a wife for you."
One day they're saying one thing, the next day something else.
One day this caterpillar will turn into a beautiful butterfly.
One day this terrible war will be over.
One day those people arrived in his village.
One day two impeccably dressed young men arrived at the home of Mary and Tom. Opening the door, Mary saw they were both wearing name tags identifying them as "Elders." Mary giggled; to her eyes, this designation seemed slightly ludicrous, as Elder Hinton was 19 and Elder Bauer was 18.
One day was 30 degrees.
One day we shall be married.
One day we will understand.
One day we'll know.
One day we'll laugh about this.
One day when I was around the fountain, a poor woman came up to me asking for something to drink.
One day when the little robin slept on a vine until dawn, at daybreak, he found himself entangled and strangled by this vine. It then said to it: “You should never trust the verjuice vine, whether it is green or stunted."
One day without reading makes the mouth grow thorns within.
One day won't be enough.
One day won't make a difference.
One day you wake up like a skylark, a winged express at its fastest, devising pursuits to embark on, but this disappears by breakfast.
One day you will have grandchildren.
One day you will have to pay your debt.
One day you will regret it.
One day you'll be able to walk.
One day you'll get there.
One day you'll realise how important saving is.
One day you'll regret this.
One day you'll thank me.
One day you'll understand.
One day you're going to end up getting killed.
One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure it's worth watching.
One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure it’s worth watching.
One day — it's like a miracle — it will disappear.
One day's freedom is better than ten years of oppression.
One day, Chris discovered the charming girl of his dreams.
One day, Daniel was gone.
One day, Daniel went too far.
One day, Elisa left for Madrid.
One day, Europe will speak Breton.
One day, I came back and my wife and one of my friends were inside the kotatsu.
One day, I could inherit something.
One day, I dreamt I was a squirrel, and woke up totally confused.
One day, I might fall in love.
One day, I told my fourth-generation Ukrainian-Canadian friend Joanne, coming back from her gym, that I liked sitting in a jacuzzi. Like a Japanese, I like being in water in a spiritual way.
One day, I will marry her.
One day, I will say who they are.
One day, I witnessed a beautiful sunset at the park.
One day, I woke up to find that God had put hair on my face. I shaved it off. The next day, I found that God had put it back on my face, so I shaved it off again. On the third day, when I found that God had put hair back on my face again, I decided to let God have his way. That's why I have a beard.
One day, I'd like to visit Algeria.
One day, I'll fall in love.
One day, I'll find out the answer to that.
One day, I'll find out who my parents were.
One day, I'll find out who my real parents are.
One day, I'll introduce you two.
One day, I'm going to have to do that.
One day, I'm going to marry him.
One day, I'm going to sell one of my sketches and make a fortune.
One day, I’ll hold a signed copy of my book in my hands.
One day, Jesus will return for us and we will be with him forever.
One day, Kateb Yacine, our great writer, and famous playwright, was called to receive a prize. As he walked onto the stage, he stumbled and "some people" laughed. He turned around and said to them, "La Fontaine made the animals laugh and today I made you laugh!" This story could have happened and is very believable and timeless, even if it was necessarily spread by word of mouth. Kateb Yacine was a great humble artist and was said to drink immoderately and, as an opponent on principle, he was best known for his escapades.
One day, Kateb Yacine, our great writer, and famous playwright, was called to receive a prize. As he walked onto the stage, he stumbled and some people laughed. He turned around and said to them, "La Fontaine made the animals laugh and today I made you laugh!" This story could have happened and is very believable and timeless, even if it was necessarily spread by word of mouth. Kateb Yacine was a great humble artist and was said to drink immoderately and, as an opponent on principle, he was best known for his escapades.
One day, Kay and Gerda sat looking at a book full of pictures of animals and birds.
One day, Maria became the happiest person in the world.
One day, Mario won the lottery. "Lucky him!", you say. The problem is that he was with Luisa, who, as soon as she found out, took the chance to steal the ticket and cash it in herself. She hasn't returned ever since, although she sent a postcard saying thanks.
One day, Mary received a dozen roses.
One day, Mary revealed to Tom that she was an extraterrestrial shapeshifter who had come to Earth several hundred years ago to study humanity.
One day, Mary showed Tom her true form. She was one of the jinn.
One day, Matthew decided to make a fancy dinner party and he used his mother's cookbook to create a menu of delicious dishes.
One day, Mendel put on some of his parents’ old clothes. All the adults who saw him said he looked like a small version of the film actor Charlie Chaplin. So, at the age of five years, he entered — and won — a local Chaplin look-alike competition.
One day, Natsume Soseki was lost in London.
One day, Pablo got lost in the Guatemalan jungle.
One day, Pablo got lost in the jungle of Guatemala.
One day, Skura will be wearing hijab.
One day, Tom put a bowl of grain on the window sill to feed the birds, but instead, squirrels came.
One day, Tom will understand.
One day, Yanni stopped going to the mosque altogether.
One day, Yanni went over the line.
One day, Ziri found something amazing in the garden: a nest of white-ramped seedeaters.
One day, Ziri had a rough patch.
One day, Ziri is gonna leave Rima.
One day, Ziri kissed Mina and she accepted it.
One day, Ziri plucked up the courage and told Rima the truth.
One day, Ziri ran away and we couldn't find him for a long time.
One day, Ziri was feeling fine. The next day, he was sick.
One day, a black woman, Rosa Parks, was returning home after a hard day's work.
One day, a black woman, Rosa Parks, was returning home after a hard day’s work.
One day, a cat showed up at my front door.
One day, all children in Malaysia will have the opportunity to attain an excellent education.
One day, all four of us went out for a movie.
One day, all that pain turned into determination.
One day, all this will be yours.
One day, all this will become Tom's.
One day, all this will become yours.
One day, all will be well, that is our hope. All is well today, that is the illusion.
One day, as he was hunting deer in the forest, the prince came upon a maiden bathing in a clear pool.
One day, everything will come to an end.
One day, he committed suicide.
One day, he offered me a cigarette.
One day, her dream to be dressed in haute couture came true in an unexpected way.
One day, however, when the autumn was far advanced and the vacation drawing to a close, I received a telegram from my friend imploring me to return to Donnithorpe.
One day, humans may colonize Mars and build new homes there.
One day, humans may live on other planets.
One day, it happened that I passed his house.
One day, it will all make sense.
One day, it will happen.
One day, life will eventually end.
One day, life will ultimately end.
One day, my dreams will become a reality.
One day, she asked him to kiss her.
One day, she saw a stray cat in her porch. The cat was so pretty Erica Eriksdotter decided to paint her.
One day, she told me that she wanted a pet cat.
One day, she'll win the Nobel prize.
One day, somebody will succeed.
One day, talking about Christmas celebrations, my fourth-generation Ukrainian-Canadian friend Joanne asked me if I celebrated Christmas. I said that I was like a Jehovah's Witness, who did not celebrate Christmas for its pagan origins.
One day, the airplane I was flying suffered an engine failure.
One day, the cry was war. What had always been feared had come to pass.
One day, the doorbell rang, and there stood a young man who said that this was the house where he was born and had grown up. He just wanted to see inside the house again.
One day, the island of Atlantis vanished into the sea.
One day, the police raided a whole group of prostitutes, and the girl was among them.
One day, the truth will come out.
One day, the truth will come to light.
One day, the whole world will tremble.
One day, the young man, driven by curiosity and a bit of despair, decided to go in search of that mysterious tree.
One day, they will return.
One day, they're going to take away your driver's license.
One day, things took a turn.
One day, this caterpillar will turn into a beautiful butterfly.
One day, this girl will be wearing hijab.
One day, this sentence will help someone on their language-learning journey.
One day, we will understand.
One day, we'll all have to die.
One day, we'll know.
One day, we'll understand.
One day, when Tom was going back home from school, something twinkling fell down from the sky.
One day, when he was in a merry mood, the demon made a looking-glass which had the power of making everything good or beautiful that was reflected in it almost shrink to nothing, while everything that was worthless and bad looked increased in size and worse than ever.
One day, when the girl was at the spring, a poor lady approached her and asked her for a drink.
One day, while I was playing with my cat, I finally bit his ear.
One day, while Tom was coming home from school, something shiny fell out of the sky.
One day, you will choose how to live your life.
One day, you will know everything.
One day, you will understand.
One day, you'll be famous.
One day, you'll come to understand.
One day, you'll learn your lesson, I'm sure of it.
One day, you'll understand.
One death is a tragedy. A million deaths is a statistic.
One delegation followed another.
One denarius is worth four sesterces.
One designer in California devoted quite a bit of time and energy to creating sneakers that are not only made from recycled materials but are fully recyclable themselves.
One difference between the treatment of Jews and gay men by the Nazis is that Jews could not escape the camps by "reforming."
One difficulty after another arose.
One dividend of that strategy was a huge increase in audience for the State Department’s Farsi-language Instagram account, according to Gabriel Noronha, who ran its Farsi social media channels from late 2019 to late 2020.
One does not advance by holding back.
One does not air one's dirty linen in public.
One does not ask about such things.
One does not ask such questions!
One does not buy happiness.
One does not earn a billion dollars.
One does not explain a work of art as one demonstrates a geometry problem.
One does not forget one's place.
One does not heed a heavenly voice.
One does not look a gift horse in the mouth.
One does not need to be an ornithologist to be able to distinguish blackbirds from crows or even jackdaws.
One does not refuse such an offer.
One does not see clearly.
One does not simply walk into Mordor.
One does not simply walk into North Korea.
One does not wear a red mini skirt to a funeral.
One does not work for free.
One doesn't always find frogs wherever there is water; but there is always water wherever you hear frogs.
One doesn't always follow one's forebears nor father.
One doesn't convince through violence.
One doesn't count the teeth of a gift horse.
One doesn't cover the mouth of a threshing horse.
One doesn't help people when one does something for them which they themselves can do.
One doesn't live in a country; one lives in a language. One's native land is that and nothing else.
One doesn't need a large headquarters.
One doesn't need to know everything.
One doesn't only live their life as an individual human, without realizing it, that person lives their life within their era and with the people within that era.
One doesn't say such things!
One doesn't work for free.
One doesn’t count the teeth of a gift horse.
One dog and two people are jumping.
One dollar is equivalent to 110 yen.
One down, two to go.
One dreams of roses, the other of cacti.
One drink and I'm out of here.
One drinks coffee in a cafe.
One drop makes the glass overflow.
One drop of poison is enough to kill 160 people.
One drop of the poison is enough to kill 160 people.
One drop of this poison is enough to kill 160 people.
One drop of this poison is enough to kill one hundred and sixty people.
One drop plus one drop makes a bigger drop, not two.
One duty of an occupational therapist is to help people return to performing activities of daily living by themselves after an accident such as a stroke.
One eats good here with little money.
One eats with a spoon.
One egg a day may keep stroke at bay.
One element is the part that rotates (the ‘rotor’) and the other is the part that doesn’t move (the ‘stator’).
One emu egg is about the equivalent of nine chicken eggs.
One enemy is too much, a hundred friends is too little.
One error was fixed, but the other was not.
One estimate pegs the cost at $100,000 per year.
One euro is one-point-five dollars.
One evening Marilla, coming in from the orchard with a basket of apples, found Anne sitting along by the east window in the twilight, crying bitterly.
One evening a man came to my house.
One evening at sunset, Jane Andrews, Gilbert Blythe, and Anne Shirley were lingering by a fence in the shadow of gently swaying spruce boughs.
One evening, Janos appeared at the doorstep.
One evening, Tom proudly brought home a hedgehog to show to Mary. Afterwards, he released it back into the wild.
One evening, as she was, according to her custom, rambling round about the courts and yards of the palace to see if she could smell any fresh meat, she heard, in a room on the ground floor, little Day crying, for his mamma was going to whip him, because he had been naughty; and she heard, at the same time, little Dawn begging mercy for her brother.
One evening, however, when Miss Baker got back to the college a few minutes before the time by which all students had to be in, she found another car in her parking space.
One evening, just as the sun set amid radiant clouds, there came a large flock of beautiful birds out of the bushes.
One event followed another.
One example of a first world problem would be not having Wi-Fi access in your entire house because it is too big.
One exists, the other is not there.
One explains the other.
One eye is dilated.
One eye sleeps, the other sees.
One eyewitness is better than ten earwitnesses.
One eyewitness is worth more than ten "ear-witnesses."
One eyewitness is worth more than ten people who have heard it told.
One factor often attributed to the rise in depression and suicide rates among Gen Zers is their unique connection with technology.
One failure followed another.
One fake concrete block fell on a cameraman.
One false move and you're dead.
One fast food chain, Long John Silver's, told the Wall Street Journal it had increased its ketchup spending by $500,000 over the past year because of demand.
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
One feels sorry for her, poor thing.
One feels sorry for him.
One feels that the city has grown slowly and each age has left its mark.
One festival was called Saturnalia and honored Saturn, another was called Bacchanalia and honored Bacchus.
One fifth of the earth's surface is covered by permafrost.
One fifth of the earth’s surface is covered by permafrost.
One finding to emerge was that critical features differ between species.
One finds a large proportion of immigrants among the workforce in these factories.
One finds many companions for food and drink, but in a serious business a man's companions are few.
One finds valuable minerals in mines.
One fine morning in spring along came the great-great-granddaughter of the man who had built this house.
One fire drives out another.
One flew over cuckoo’s nest is one of my favorite movies.
One floor up is a sauna and a massage room.
One flower doesn't make a spring.
One fool can easily destroy a thousand wise men.
One fool can easily ruin a thousand sages.
One for all and all for one.
One for all, all for one!
One for all, all for one.
One for all, and all for one, this is our motto.
One for me and another for my wife.
One for me and one for my wife.
One for the history books!
One for the road!
One for you and one for me.
One for you, one for me. One for you, one for me…
One forgives as long as one loves.
One fork is missing.
One fourth of the world's carbon dioxide emissions are from the United States. Its per-capita emissions are also the highest in the world.
One fresh beer, please!
One friend is better than ten relatives.
One generation builds the street that the next will travel on.
One generation goes, and another generation comes; but the earth remains forever.
One generation passeth away, and another generation cometh: but the earth abideth for ever.
One gesture is often worth more than a thousand words.
One gesture may have multiple meanings, while a single meaning can be expressed by a number of gestures.
One gets forgetful with age.
One gets tired from being idle.
One gets used to anything.
One girl I know will be there.
One girl stood alone, slightly apart from the rest.
One girl was a little older than the others.
One gives away apples and pears, and not gold and green forests.
One gladiator's weapon of choice is the mace, while the other's is a sword.
One gladiator’s weapon of choice is the mace, while the other’s is a sword.
One glance at his face told me that he was reluctant to work.
One glass of red wine a night is enough to damage health, say scientists.
One gloomy evening, everything changed.
One good friend is better than ten relatives.
One good sentence is better than two bad.
One good thing about social distancing is that the eternal problem of holding the door open for people behind you has gone away.
One good thing about winter is that there are no mosquitos.
One good thing about winter is there are no mosquitos.
One good turn deserves another.
One graduate is part of a restoration team at the iconic Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris, where he's helping to rebuild the 850-year-old landmark after a devastating fire tore through its roof and spire earlier this year.
One great grey bird, a gull or curlew, soared aloft in the blue heaven. He and I seemed to be the only living things between the huge arch of the sky and the desert beneath it.
One grocery store here sells plastic food and the other actual food.
One group had their diet supplemented with extra virgin olive oil, while another were given nuts instead.
One grows slowly, but dies quickly.
One guard always tells lies, and the other always tells the truth.
One gunman was arrested.
One guy even asked Rima out and she said yes to him.
One gypsy family with their caravan was encamped.
One hair of a woman draws more than a team of oxen.
One half is for me, and the other is for you.
One half, 1/3, and 1/4 are fractions.
One hand alone cannot applaud.
One hand can't clap.
One hand cannot clap or weave silk.
One hand washes the other.
One has a nice view from the castle.
One has breakfast in the morning, lunch at noon, tea in the afternoon and dinner at night.
One has eaten, the other finds himself without a plate.
One has met his match.
One has never died young from bottle-feeding into old age!
One has the right to speak ill of women; one does not have the right to speak ill of a woman.
One has to be vigilant in these troubled times.
One has to change the words.
One has to check this sentence.
One has to do one's best in anything.
One has to do one's best in everything.
One has to do one’s best in anything.
One has to forget this bad year.
One has to have pretty thick skin to use this dating app.
One has to hope that the fate will turn out to be fair, and the war will be won by the defender, and the aggressor will suffer severe consequences.
One has to learn English.
One has to live one's life to the end, in order to understand it.
One has to protect his family.
One has to protect one's family.
One has to put on a helmet to protect the head.
One has to think ahead.
One has to wonder if it even exists.
One has to work a lot in order to succeed.
One hears with one's ears.
One high-profile example of an airworthiness directive is the one issued for the Boeing 737 MAX.
One hinge snapped, then the other, and down came the door with a crash.
One hopes, as long as one lives.
One horse was much smaller than the others.
One horsepower is equal to 0.746 kilowatts.
One hot summer afternoon she decided to take her boyfriend to a farm outside the town.
One hot summer afternoon, John and Dan were cutting the long grass.
One hour before leaving, Mary decided to call Tom to say goodbye to him.
One hour of justice is more than seventy years worth of prayers.
One hour of sleep before midnight is better than two afterwards.
One hour of sleep before midnight is worth two hours after.
One hour of thoughtlessness can cause years of tears.
One hour until the event.
One hundred and fifty South African schoolgirls have started in a project to design and build Africa’s first private satellite.
One hundred and fifty people entered the marathon race.
One hundred and fifty thousand couples are expected to get married in Shanghai in 2006.
One hundred and sixteen people died as a result of a bomb attack in Pakistan.
One hundred and twenty-five years have proven that Esperanto is more than a language.
One hundred and twenty-five years have shown: Esperanto is much more than just a language.
One hundred cents makes one dollar.
One hundred dollars is just chicken feed.
One hundred dollars will cover all your expenses for the trip.
One hundred fifty people entered the marathon race.
One hundred is also a number.
One hundred is my favorite number.
One hundred nations ratified the treaty.
One hundred percent of the brain's capacity has been reached.
One hundred percent.
One hundred years is called a century.
One hundred, two hundred, three hundred, four hundred, five hundred, six hundred, seven hundred, eight hundred, nine hundred, one thousand.
One hunts wild boar at night.
One hutong connects with another, siheyuans connect with other siheyuans to form a block, and blocks join with other blocks to form the whole city.
One idea would be for you to contact them and see if anyone would like to join our project.
One idiot can ask more questions than ten wise men can answer.
One image comes to mind: an eerie, pitch-black disk.
One important person and the stable boy arrived to the cow cabin the first of January. Therefore, there is only one plastic bowl left at the tea ceremony arbor.
One important thing to remember is that Americans may remain silent when you say something they don't agree with.
One important thing to remember is that Americans may remain silent when you say something they don’t agree with.
One important work of the physiotherapists was to teach men with amputated limbs how to dress, feed, and otherwise care for themselves, and how to use the artificial legs or arms which the Government supplied to them.
One in every 160 children worldwide has some form for autism spectrum disorder, also called ASD.
One in every ten trans Americans who are out to their families have been physically abused for being trans.
One in five French people voted for Le Pen's party. We must remain alert and attentive!
One in five adolescent polar bears dies.
One in five women in the United States is Hispanic, said Amy Hinojosa, president of Mana, a national Latina organization, who added that Latinas face many inequalities today.
One in four American high schoolers and one in 10 children in middle school have used an e-cigarette in the past 30 days, with most favoring those flavored with mint or menthol.
One in four Americans don't know that the Earth circles the Sun.
One in four consumers thinks that prices will continue to rise in the future.
One in four corporations doesn't pay any taxes.
One in four girls and one in five boys said that they didn't know how to search for a job.
One in seven people in Canada live in poverty.
One in six pregnancies in Britain are unplanned.
One in ten people are nearsighted.
One in ten people have myopia.
One in three Americans believe that the sun goes round the earth!
One in three people in this town owns a car.
One in three physics students in Germany drops out of their studies.
One in two hundred women and one in twelve men are colour-blind.
One insect has six legs.
One is Japanese and the other is Italian.
One is a cardinal number; first is an ordinal number.
One is a liar.
One is a teacher, another is a doctor, and the other is a journalist.
One is able to see the total parm from the restaurant.
One is absent.
One is all it takes.
One is apt to forget his own faults.
One is apt to think oneself faultless. State the facts as they are.
One is better than none.
One is blue.
One is born and dies with one's character.
One is crappy, the other worse!
One is good, but two is very good.
One is happy when borrowing something, but upset when the time comes to return it.
One is happy with what one has.
One is in Kumamoto and the other in Tokyo.
One is judged by one's speech first of all.
One is judged by one’s speech first of all.
One is lacking.
One is large and the other is small.
One is missing.
One is more likely to drown in wine than in the sea.
One is more prone to make mistakes when one is tired.
One is never as happy in the realm of reality as in the realm of thought.
One is never as unhappy as one thinks.
One is never done with learning.
One is never loved as tenderly as by one's mother.
One is never so happy as one thinks.
One is never too old to learn.
One is never too old to unlearn bad habits.
One is new, and the other is old.
One is new, the other is old.
One is not a prime number.
One is not allowed to break his promise.
One is not born a woman, one becomes one.
One is not called noble who harms living beings. By not harming living beings one is called noble.
One is often judged by the company one keeps.
One is one's own worst enemy.
One is present, the other is absent.
One is pulling a carriage; the horse enables the carriage to move - that is giving the kinetic energy to the carriage.
One is punished most for one's virtues.
One is red and the other is white.
One is red, the other is white.
One is red, the other white.
One is red. The other is white.
One is responsible for one's own words.
One is responsible for one’s own words.
One is roasted in this room.
One is satisfied with what one has.
One is seldom the person one thinks one is.
One is seldom what one thinks one is.
One is speaking English and the other Japanese.
One is still in my pocket.
One is still missing.
One is tall and the other is short.
One is the smallest odd number.
One is unable to change one's values.
One is unable to change one’s values.
One item on the summit's agenda has raised hackles at the European Commission, which runs the EU's day-to-day affairs.
One key to understanding what keeps the spacecraft and its instruments safe, is understanding the concept of heat versus temperature. Counterintuitively, high temperatures do not always translate to actually heating another object.
One kick from a giraffe's hind leg is enough to kill a lion.
One kilogram of tomato sauce is equivalent to two kilograms of tomatoes.
One kind word can warm three winter months.
One king after another succeeded to the throne during those few years.
One kiss or two?
One knife is missing.
One lab in Houston is developing refillable implants placed under the skin to potentially deliver life-saving medicine at a low cost for various diseases.
One language is never enough.
One language is not enough.
One language isn't enough for anything.
One language isn't enough.
One language will never be enough.
One large fries and two medium cokes.
One large portion of rice please.
One last pancake, please.
One last question, if I may: how many litres of wine do you produce a year?
One late afternoon as the sun hung red in the purple mist, which rises from the rice fields beyond Honam, the Breton was dreaming as usual on the bund’s edge when a sampan gondoliered by a boat-girl glided to a landing stair not far from him.
One learns by doing.
One learns by experience.
One learns by one's mistakes.
One learns by teaching.
One learns everything with experience.
One learns from one's mistakes.
One learns from one's own mistakes.
One learns from one’s own mistakes.
One learns grammar from language, not language from grammar.
One learns more by opening the eyes than by opening the mouth.
One learns to live. One doesn't live to learn.
One leg is not enough for running.
One lemon, a thousand lemons, a million lemons.
One lie requires ten more to complete.
One life is insufficient to allow me to accomplish all of my goals.
One life is too short to do all the things I want to do.
One likes one thing, another another.
One link broken, the whole chain is broken.
One listens through ears.
One lives and learns.
One lives but once in the world.
One lives in Fukuoka, and the others live in Niigata.
One look at the subject line and I could tell it was a spam email.
One loves no one as soon as one loves.
One loves one's mother almost without knowing it, and one notices the full depth of the roots of this love only at the moment of the last separation.
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
One lump of sugar, please.
One magazine is for boys, and another for girls.
One male American student out of five said that he drank more than 10 drinks a day.
One man has been arrested and charged with the voluntary manslaughter of 25-year-old Mary Tomson.
One man is known to have been sentenced to one-month imprisonment and a fine of about $1,000 for attempting to sell a male baby chimpanzee.
One man is sleeping and two are eating.
One man says this, another that.
One man was injured.
One man was killed.
One man was seen digging with his bare hands.
One man was seriously injured.
One man's beard is on fire, and another man is lighting his cigarette on it.
One man's consumption becomes his neighbor's wish.
One man's gain is another man's loss.
One man's junk is another man's treasure.
One man's loss is another man's gain.
One man's meat is another man's poison.
One man's medicine is another man's poison.
One man's misfortune is another man's fortune.
One man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter.
One man's trash is another man's treasure.
One man, no man.
One man, one word. One woman, one dictionary.
One man’s gain is another man’s loss.
One man’s meat is another man’s poison.
One man’s medicine is another man’s poison.
One man’s terrorist is another man’s freedom fighter.
One may add matres lectionis when the word could be ambiguous, but surely it is not obligatory.
One may as well not know a thing at all, as know it but imperfectly.
One may be satisfied that there are no senses apart from the five from the following arguments.
One may live in a big house and yet have no comfort.
One may only catch the tiger cub by entering the tiger's den.
One may sooner fall than rise.
One measure of good character is a person's willingness to pay sufficient attention to the knowledge and wisdom that another has already obtained.
One measures the temperature with a thermometer.
One mechanism involves disarming a biological process known as autophagy. Under normal circumstances, autophagy allows cells to sweep away debris, including viruses; but, by suppressing this function, HIV is able to keep on infecting white blood cells, eventually leading to a breakdown of the protective immune system.
One meter of cloth costs two euros.
One might say I'm a bit of a dreamer.
One might say that I'm a bit of a dreamer.
One might suppose, in reading some modern writers, that the Nymphs and Fauns, the River-Gods and Pan, were at least as prominent in all Greek poetry as Zeus, Apollo, and Athena, or that Apollo was only the sweet singer and not also the prophet of retribution.
One mile is approximately 1,600 meters.
One milliard adults are illiterate.
One million dollar is much money for me, too.
One million fewer people showed up to support Trump this year, and eleven million fewer people showed up to support the Democrats.
One million is a seven digit number.
One million people died in the war.
One million people lost their lives in the war.
One mind is good, but two are better.
One minus one equals zero.
One minus one is zero.
One minute comprises sixty seconds.
One minute contains sixty seconds.
One minute earlier, and they could have caught the bus.
One minute earlier, and we could have seen the Queen.
One minute has sixty seconds.
One minute he was here, the next he was gone.
One minute is sixty seconds.
One minute it's snowing, the next it's raining.
One minute please.
One minute she was here, the next she was gone.
One minute we're in a relationship and now you want us to be friends.
One minute!
One mistake and you're fired.
One mistake can be the last.
One mistake some people make is trying to learn too many languages at the same time.
One mistake will cost a person his life.
One mistake, and we'll have to start all over again. So be careful.
One moment he was there, and the next, he vanished without a trace.
One moment he was there, the next moment he was gone.
One moment it was so pitch dark that she could not see at all, but when the lightning flashed it became so light that she could see all on board.
One moment later, he disappeared.
One moment later, he had disappeared.
One moment please, someone knocks on the door.
One moment she was happy, the next she was sad.
One moment! I will put my glasses on.
One moment, please, I'll check.
One moment, please, I'll transfer you.
One moment, please. I'll be right back.
One moment, please. Stay in line.
One moment, there was light. The next, darkness.
One moment, they were arguing and the next they were kissing.
One moment, what do you have under your apron?
One moment...
One month after he had become ill, he died.
One month later, the 28-year-old real-estate saleswoman said her world had collapsed.
One month since entering high school ... not a single friend yet. That's really terrible, at this rate it will be middle-school all over again!!
One month since entering high school ... not a single friend yet. That’s really terrible, at this rate it will be middle-school all over again!!
One more CCR song and I'm going to get sick.
One more beer, please!
One more bottle of wine, please.
One more day to go.
One more drink, please.
One more effort, and you will get on in life.
One more effort, and you will succeed.
One more effort, you will get on in life.
One more for the road.
One more hour and the turkey will be ready.
One more hour until the end of work.
One more little sound and you will find out!!
One more moment and I'll disappear.
One more move and I'll blow your brains out.
One more night feeling like the loneliest person in the world.
One more person will be joining us later.
One more request. Drop the formality!
One more step and I'll blow your head off.
One more step and I'll shoot!
One more step and I'll shoot.
One more step and you would have fallen down the stairs.
One more step and you would've fallen down the stairs.
One more step and you're dead meat. I'm warning you!
One more step and you're dead!
One more step and you're dead.
One more step, and I would have fallen off the cliff.
One more step, and you'll be a dead man.
One more step, and you're dead.
One more step, and you’ll be a dead man.
One more thing. If you try anything on Mayu I'll break your spine.
One more thing. If you try anything on Mayu I’ll break your spine.
One more time!
One more time, please.
One more time.
One more time?
One more war and we're all dead.
One more word and I break your neck!
One more word and you're dead.
One more word, and you're dead!
One more, please.
One more?
One morning I shot an elephant in my pyjamas.
One morning a young girl called, fashionably dressed, and stayed for half an hour or more.
One morning at about eleven o'clock someone knocked on her office door.
One morning at breakfast we children were informed to our utter dismay that we could no longer be permitted to run absolutely wild.
One morning he saw a pretty girl.
One morning he went for a walk.
One morning soon afterwards, pretending that she was going to visit a neighbour, she followed the young couple to the fields; and hiding herself in a thicket, that she herself might not be seen, she saw and heard all that passed between them.
One morning, Gregor Samsa woke from a rough night's sleep and found himself transformed in his bed into a monstrous bug.
One morning, I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas, I don't know.
One morning, I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas, I don’t know.
One morning, a gorgeous girl wandered by.
One morning, as the fox cub was making to leave the den, she suddenly called out "Ah!" and ran tripping and tumbling back to her mother, a paw pressed over one eye. "Mommy, something's got into my eye! Get it out, get it out!"
One morning, she unexpectedly met him on the street.
One morning, the Tullochs treated the players to a boat ride and a chance to engage in a classic coastal activity: clamming. While standing on a wet sandbar, McNeil used a rake to dig down a bit to look for the shellfish.
One morning, the artist found a piece of driftwood on the beach. He took it to his workshop, and from it carved the famous figure of Our Lady which today stands in the village church.
One morning, very early, before the sun was up, I rose and found the shining dew on every buttercup; But my lazy little shadow, like an arrant sleepy-head, Had stayed at home behind me and was fast asleep in bed.
One morning, when I woke up, I found that all the bills in my wallet had changed into two-thousand yen bills.
One morning, when Victor woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a big mess of spaghetti.
One mouse is running around in the room.
One mouse ran through the room.
One murder made a villain, millions a hero. Princes were privileged to kill, and numbers sanctified the crime.
One murder makes a villain, millions a hero.
One must act as a man of thought and think as a man of action.
One must always be ready for an emergency.
One must always have in mind one simple fact — there is no literate population in the world that is poor, and there is no illiterate population that is anything but poor.
One must always keep one's promise.
One must always keep one’s promise.
One must always study.
One must be a real bastard to have fun killing animals.
One must be absolutely modern.
One must be an executive in some company.
One must be careful about free advice.
One must be careful in doing anything.
One must be imaginative.
One must be patient with children.
One must be respectful when speaking, and not say obscene things.
One must be responsible for one's conduct.
One must be responsible for one’s conduct.
One must come to class on time.
One must consider the facts before the decision.
One must deplore such bad behavior.
One must distinguish.
One must do one's best in everything.
One must do one's best.
One must do one's duty.
One must do one’s best in everything.
One must do one’s best.
One must do one’s duty.
One must draw the line somewhere.
One must eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince, and dinner like a beggar.
One must eat to live, and not live to eat.
One must follow the rules.
One must give time time.
One must go home.
One must have conviction in law, or its existence will be superficial only.
One must help friends in times of such need.
One must hide one's suffering from the world.
One must keep one's promises.
One must keep one’s promises.
One must learn a lesson from the difficult situations and bad conditions in one's life.
One must learn letters, and learning them have sense.
One must learn to obey to know how to command.
One must live each day fully.
One must love one's neighbor.
One must love one’s neighbor.
One must maintain optimism even under the most dire circumstances.
One must make a virtue of necessity.
One must match the expectations to reality.
One must move with time, as the seasons move.
One must never place a loaded rifle on the stage if it isn't going to go off. It's wrong to make promises you don't mean to keep.
One must never put the cart before the horse.
One must not abuse animals.
One must not be blinded by physicality.
One must not break his promise.
One must not confuse "must not" with "need not".
One must not confuse homomorphism with homeomorphism.
One must not deny one's brother, even if he wants to engulf you.
One must not mock the tiger.
One must not smoke.
One must not speak ill of the dead.
One must not trust in things that are not meant to happen, as it is exactly those events that do.
One must not violate the constitution.
One must observe the rules.
One must pay for freedom.
One must pluck the flower while it blooms.
One must practice every day in order to become a world-class athlete.
One must prepare for it.
One must prove the merits of a claim.
One must respect the law.
One must respect the laws.
One must sow one's wild oats.
One must speak about serious things seriously.
One must take care in whatever one does.
One must take good care of oneself.
One must take off one's shoes before entering houses.
One must take off one’s shoes before entering houses.
One must take things as they are.
One must trust that growing insight and good will will lead men to act according to the truth that they recognize.
One must try the impossible in order to get the possible.
One must understand and cherish fortune before creating it.
One must use reason.
One must wait for the residuals to converge before being able to use the simulation's results.
One must work hard to get a good score.
One mustn't be too trusting.
One mustn't shoot a fly to death.
One mustn't smoke because it causes illness.
One nail drives out another, as say the elders.
One nail drives out another.
One nation's tragedy is another's national holiday.
One need not worry.
One needs a lot of time.
One needs to admit that Orban is a brave politician.
One needs to buy a house that's within one's means, but one also needs to grasp an opportunity.
One needs to do their best in all things, and more importantly work within their abilities.
One needs to give one's best.
One needs to hope.
One needs to protect one's family.
One needs to work hard to get a good score.
One never knows what one will receive.
One never knows what the future holds.
One never knows what the future will bring.
One never knows what will happen.
One never knows what'll happen.
One never knows whom one might run into.
One never knows!
One never knows.
One never learns from history.
One never profits from that which is ill-gotten.
One never sees "Romeo and Juliet" without being moved to tears.
One nice thing about egotists: They don't talk about other people.
One night Dahut stole the silver key for the purpose of opening the city gates to admit her lover, and in the darkness by mistake opened the sluices.
One night I was lying down in my straw fast asleep, when I was suddenly roused by the stable bell ringing very loud.
One night Tom brought a hedgehog home to Mary. Afterwards he set it free.
One night a merchant was walking up the slope on his way home.
One night he came home very tired and sad.
One night in 1572, Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe saw what he thought was a brilliant new star in the constellation Cassiopeia. (We now know he was observing a supernova.) In 1604, a second supernova was observed. These discoveries caused scientists to seriously question Ptolemy's theory that all stars were contained in an outermost sphere of the universe that never changed.
One night of sleep loss is enough to disrupt your day-to-day mental and physical well-being.
One night someone deconstructed a car and rebuilt it atop the roof of the university building.
One night while patrolling the high school, I saw a ghost.
One night, Ziri decided to sneak inside the mansion.
One night, he had a dream.
One noteworthy film from the continent is "White Lion." The South African feature documentary by director Michael Swan is in tune with the worldwide movement to save endangered big cats. It tells the story of a rare white lion — a messenger of the gods, in African legend — who faces a challenge greater than the harsh African wilderness: trophy hunters, who value the lion's unique skin far more than they do his legendary mission.
One notices readily, Ethel, that French blood courses in your veins.
One of Algeria's biggest problems is corruption.
One of Algeria's hardest problems is desertification.
One of Algeria's major trading partners is China.
One of Algeria's notable contributions lies in its facilitation of dialogue and mediation efforts in various regional conflicts.
One of Algeria's top tourism sites is the city of Ghardaia.
One of Budapest's main international railway stations was without electricity and several tram and train lines closed, as more than 1,000 people were evacuated.
One of Darwin’s hypotheses explored the role competition played in determining the survival of a species.
One of Diego's favorite hobbies is playing video games.
One of Dmitri's favorite places to go was the lake.
One of Einstein's ideas is that objects cause the space around them to curve. He thought that large objects, like the Sun, curve the space around them more than small objects do. Objects moving through space follow the curvature.
One of Elias's friends got out of the truck.
One of England's kings abdicated the throne in order to marry a commoner.
One of Fyodor's dreams was to buy an RV and travel Algeria.
One of Gabor's tires was flat.
One of Gunter’s men met Rima.
One of Hamilton's friends explained the rules.
One of Hamilton’s friends explained the rules.
One of Janos's tires was flat.
One of Jesus' disciples was named Paul.
One of Jupiter's moons, Ganymede, is larger than the planet Mercury.
One of Jupiter's moons, Io, has active volcanoes on it.
One of Jupiter’s moons, Io, has powerful volcanic activity that spews particles into Jupiter’s magnetosphere. These particles create intense radiation belts and auroras around Jupiter.
One of Leon's first jobs was working at a movie theaters.
One of Mary's problems is that she can't read.
One of Mary's students gave her an interesting painting.
One of Matthew's favorite pieces of camping gear is his portable water filter, which allows him to drink from natural sources without worry.
One of Matthew's favorite recipes in the cookbook was the spicy chicken curry, which he made at least once a month.
One of Matthew's sheep had a black spot on its wool that made it stand out from the others.
One of Mr. Jackson's patients died this morning.
One of Mr. Jackson's students got injured.
One of Neptune's moons, Triton, orbits the planet in a direction opposite to Neptune's other moons.
One of Pluto's moons is Charon.
One of Roger Miller's biggest hits was "King of the Road."
One of Roger Miller’s biggest hits was "King of the Road."
One of Rome's most famous landmarks is the Colosseum.
One of Rome's most famous sights is the Colosseum.
One of Sami's affairs resulted in a child.
One of Schubert's most beautiful symphonies was called The Unfinished, because he did not live to complete it.
One of Serbia's allies was Russia.
One of Serbia’s allies was Russia.
One of Sherlock Holmes’s defects—if, indeed, one may call it a defect—was that he was exceedingly loth to communicate his full plans to any other person until the instant of their fulfilment.
One of Stalin's antisemitic campaigns used the dysphemism "rootless cosmopolitans" for Jews.
One of Tobias's friends was crying.
One of Tom's ancestors lived in that castle.
One of Tom's bad habits is biting his fingernails.
One of Tom's bad habits is cracking his knuckles.
One of Tom's best friends is from Australia.
One of Tom's brothers was an outlaw.
One of Tom's children lives in Australia now.
One of Tom's chores is raking leaves.
One of Tom's complaints is the food.
One of Tom's customers wrote him a nasty email.
One of Tom's daughters is much more beautiful than the other three.
One of Tom's daughters lives in Boston and the other one lives in Chicago.
One of Tom's dogs got hit by a car.
One of Tom's dogs has died.
One of Tom's dogs was hit by a car.
One of Tom's favorite meals is a grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup.
One of Tom's favorite things to do is camping.
One of Tom's favorite things to do is fishing.
One of Tom's favorite things to do is skating.
One of Tom's fingers was broken.
One of Tom's friends told me that.
One of Tom's friends was killed in a traffic accident.
One of Tom's great-great-uncles and one of my great-grandfathers both wanted to marry one of Mary's great-aunts, even though she was much younger than either of them.
One of Tom's greatest failings is his seeming inability to admit defeat.
One of Tom's jobs is shearing sheep.
One of Tom's jobs is to feed the chickens.
One of Tom's kids lives in Australia now.
One of Tom's leg was amputated.
One of Tom's legs was amputated.
One of Tom's neighbors heard him scream.
One of Tom's pet hates is people driving too close to the back of him.
One of Tom's problems is his short attention span.
One of Tom's problems is that he can't read.
One of Tom's pupils is larger than the other.
One of Tom's sisters is already married.
One of Tom's sons became a doctor.
One of Tom's sons is married to one of Mary's daughters.
One of Tom's students gave him an interesting painting.
One of Tom's students gave him that umbrella.
One of Tom's teachers asked Tom to stay after school to help clean the classroom.
One of Tom's teachers told him that he'd never amount to anything.
One of Tom's windows was open.
One of Turkey's rites of spring is the annual travel of the pearl mullet.
One of William's cameras was pointed directly through Sandra's window.
One of William's favorite hobbies is hiking, and he's always up for a new trail.
One of Yanni's co-workers is very flirtatious.
One of Yanni's favorite spots in all of Algeria is the town of Tigzirt.
One of Yanni's friends gave Skura his number.
One of Yanni's friends left.
One of Yanni's sisters is Muslim.
One of Ziri's favorite songs started.
One of Ziri's hobbies is going birdwatching.
One of her cars is blue and the others are red.
One of her choice parlor tricks was to crack walnuts with her quadriceps, to the amazement of even the most seasoned bodybuilders.
One of her famous photographs was taken in nineteen sixty-six. It is of a young transvestite. A transvestite is a man who dresses and acts like a woman. This man is wearing plastic objects in his hair to curl and shape it. He is also wearing makeup on his face to make it look more like a woman. The picture is taken from close up with severe lighting effects. In the dark centers of his eyes you can see the light from Arbus’ camera. You can see every detail and imperfection of his pale skin. He looks directly at you as though he has nothing to hide. His look is one of interest and acceptance.
One of her four sisters has passed away but the others are still with us.
One of her four sisters has passed away, but the others are still with us.
One of her hobbies is collecting T-shirts.
One of her most memorable moments came at the U.N. Climate Change Summit in September, when she berated U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres and other world leaders, declaring they had stolen her "dreams of childhood" with their "empty words."
One of her quirks is that she finds numbers divisible by five particularly pleasing.
One of her roommates, Jane, helps her sit up in bed and to use a walker.
One of her shoes dropped off.
One of her shoes fell off.
One of her three cars is blue and the others are red.
One of her three cars is blue and the others are white.
One of his brothers is the wind, the other is the rain. One of his sisters is the sunshine, the other is the dawn.
One of his bulls, fighting in defence of the herd, had killed a large wolf with his horns; and Dorcon threw this wolf's skin over his back, so that it completely covered him, and adjusted it in such a manner that the skins of the fore legs concealed his arms and hands, while those of the hind legs hung down to his very heels. The animal's head with its widely-extended jaws cased his own as completely as a soldier's helmet.
One of his closest friends became Muslim.
One of his colleagues whispered.
One of his companies developed the Dragon spacecraft and the Falcon rocket; the former has docked with the international space station, and the latter has successfully landed on a floating platform in the ocean.
One of his election promises was more tailwind on bicycle paths.
One of his ex-girlfriends was Muslim.
One of his flatmates often gives him a lift when he's late.
One of his friends who lived at Copacabana always made him reservations.
One of his notable achievements came after he lobbied the government to curtail all forms of discrimination against people with disabilities. The result was a government-endorsed policy called Equalization of Opportunities for People with Disabilities. The policy promotes equal opportunity for persons with disabilities and their full participation in all social, economic, political and cultural activities. As a result, he says the policy has led to an increasing number of people with disabilities being employed in both the public and private sectors. But Chiwaula says the policy, while well meaning, needs reinforcement. This, because there are still some who are ignoring the initiative.
One of his paintings fetched more than a million dollars at auction.
One of his sisters is a nurse.
One of his steadiest jobs was playing five nights a week at the Old Absinthe House on Bourbon Street.
One of his teachers at least must have been very fond of him, and he must have been fond of his teacher, for when Richard Wagner was only thirteen years old he translated from Greek into German twelve books of the Odyssey for this teacher.
One of his two daughters lives in Tokyo, and the other in Nara.
One of life's simple pleasures is the time to read a good book on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
One of many botanical debates regards the question of the pecan — To me, it's a fruit, and not a nut.
One of my Esperantist friends was from Modena in Italy. Davide was his name, and his job entailed Artificial Intelligence using the Prolog programming language.
One of my Japanese teachers said "honya honya" instead of "blah blah." My ensuing laughter nearly gave me a hernia.
One of my aides had pneumonia last week.
One of my ancestral lands is Greece, and I have visited this eerily non-European-looking European country with its strange architectures. I went through the sunny islands and the mainland. A favourite travelogue is The Olive Grove by Katherine Kizilos, a Greek-Australian who voyaged in the off-season. Ursula K. Le Guin's Earthsea fictional series is reminiscent of this magical land. I love the Mediterranean climate.
One of my bags is missing.
One of my best friends has failed me.
One of my best friends is a Canadian.
One of my best friends is from Australia.
One of my bicycle tires is flat.
One of my bicycles is blue and the other is green.
One of my bike's spokes has bust.
One of my boots fell off the boat, so I jumped into the water and swam as fast as I could to get it.
One of my boots is missing.
One of my brothers is a half-brother and the other is a step-brother.
One of my brothers is a teacher and the others are lawyers.
One of my brothers is a teacher.
One of my brothers lives in Australia.
One of my brothers lives in Boston.
One of my brothers plays the bassoon.
One of my brothers wants to become an astronaut.
One of my brothers will be getting married next month.
One of my buttons came off.
One of my cats is missing.
One of my childhood dreams came true: I'm a truck driver.
One of my children is sick.
One of my children was born in Australia. The other two were born in New Zealand.
One of my children was born in Boston. The other two were born in Chicago.
One of my children was born with some unknown disease.
One of my classmates cheated on today's game.
One of my classmates used to live in Australia.
One of my classmates used to live in Boston.
One of my colleagues gave me a gift.
One of my conlangs is called Xoqolat.
One of my cousins is married to a novelist.
One of my cousins is visiting us this coming weekend.
One of my cousins will be visiting us this coming weekend.
One of my daughters goes to the same school as Tom does.
One of my daughters goes to the same school as Tom.
One of my daughters is married to a Canadian.
One of my distant relatives got mixed up in some cocaine business, and he got deported to Mexico.
One of my dogs has died.
One of my dreams is to become fluent in French.
One of my dreams is to learn French.
One of my dreams is to learn Icelandic.
One of my dreams is to one day see the aurora borealis.
One of my dreams is to study the Icelandic language.
One of my duties is to clean all the toilets in this building.
One of my earrings is missing.
One of my ex-girlfriends is now dating my younger brother.
One of my ex-girlfriends is now dating my younger sister's ex-boyfriend.
One of my fantasies is to visit Oz, Australia. In my life, there was a phase wherein I studied Australian Aboriginal languages. Foremost linguists whose work I have read are Barry J. Blake and Robert M. W. Dixon. In their research, the language samples are like little stories. How people lived in the ancient deserts fires up my imagination. The Aborigines ate witchetty grubs and played with boomerangs.
One of my favorite TV shows has been canceled.
One of my favorite activities is reading.
One of my favorite authors is Herman Melville.
One of my favorite bands is from Kabylie, Algeria.
One of my favorite hymns is Amazing Grace.
One of my favorite parts of the trip was visiting the rural areas of Bangladesh.
One of my favorite quotes by Mark Twain is, "It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog."
One of my favorite quotes by Mark Twain is, "It’s not the size of the dog in the fight, it’s the size of the fight in the dog."
One of my favorite sentences in the "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" book is: "I could say the multiplication table up to six times seven is thirty-five, and I don't take no stock in mathematics, anyway".
One of my favorite songs is Hungry Spider.
One of my favorite spices is cinnamon.
One of my favorite things about Australia is the people.
One of my favorite things about Boston is the people.
One of my favorite things about Yiddish is that the word for boat is "shifl," meaning "little ship."
One of my favorite things to eat is shrimp.
One of my favorite tunes was playing on the radio.
One of my favourite Japanese anime is the franchise Violet Evergarden, which is verily of the Steampunk genre.
One of my favourite animation shows is Anash and the Legacy of the Sun-Rock, about the Tlingit Amerindians long ago.
One of my favourite books is Australian Aboriginal Grammar by Barry Blake. It fired up my imagination about life in Australia's deserts.
One of my favourite fairytales when I was a child was the story of a mischievous fox spirit.
One of my favourite haunts in the 1990s was chic and youthful Robson Street in Downtown Vancouver, BC.
One of my favourite sci-fi authors is Ursula K. Le Guin. She is famous for her Earthsea franchise.
One of my favourite sports is just wading in the shallow end of a swimming pool or in a jacuzzi.
One of my favourite things about India is the visionary city of Auroville, created in the 1960s. I wish that China and other countries would aspire to create more visionary cities. I am aware of the Paris-copycat city of Tiāndūchéng in China, complete with the replica of the Eiffel Tower. Fantastic! With 3D printing and AI, city builders around this world will be able to produce more marvellous cities in the future. Imagine that builders will more cheaply opt for Art Nouveau-style architecture and, of course, Metamodernist work. (Art Nouveau is one of my favourite movements.)
One of my fellow students saw you shopping at Auchan today.
One of my fingernails got broken.
One of my first acts as President was to establish the White House Council on Women and Girls.
One of my friend's dogs is fat.
One of my friends bought a red car.
One of my friends came over this afternoon.
One of my friends can speak French fairly well.
One of my friends comes from abroad.
One of my friends died last week.
One of my friends gave me this.
One of my friends gave this to me.
One of my friends helped me do that.
One of my friends helped me improve my Berber.
One of my friends helped me with my homework.
One of my friends in Grade 5, my first class in North America, as I was from the Philippines, was Danny, who had brown hair and was of Austrian descent. He was fascinated with World War I history.
One of my friends in high school was Danny, who had black hair, light skin, and blue eyes. He might have been of Celtic ancestry.
One of my friends in high school was named Tom. He had blonde hair and blue eyes.
One of my friends is Muslim.
One of my friends is coming from abroad.
One of my friends is getting married in Boston next week.
One of my friends is studying abroad.
One of my friends is waiting for me at the gate.
One of my friends knows you.
One of my friends repaired my bike for me yesterday.
One of my friends says he wants me to meet you.
One of my friends says she wants to meet you.
One of my friends says she would like to meet you.
One of my friends told me that if you drink mugwort tea before going to bed, it makes you have interesting dreams.
One of my friends wants to be a physical therapist when she grows up.
One of my friends wants to move in with me.
One of my friends, who lives in Paris with his family, has a lot of children: five sons and three daughters.
One of my goals for the next three years is to form a band of my own.
One of my grandmothers is Jewish, and the other's an antisemite.
One of my grandmothers lives in Boston.
One of my guitar strings broke.
One of my headlights has burned out.
One of my headlights isn't working.
One of my hobbies is chess.
One of my hobbies is classical music.
One of my hobbies is collecting old stamps.
One of my hobbies is linguistics.
One of my hobbies is making artificial flowers.
One of my hobbies is watching films.
One of my horses died yesterday.
One of my interesting friends is Don, who hails from Xiānggǎng. We two while away long nights at a wonton teahouse, as we talk about sci-fi and esoteric philosophy.
One of my major complaints about the iPhone is that it doesn't support Flash.
One of my major complaints about the iPhone is that it doesn’t support Flash.
One of my major life goals is world domination.
One of my majors is Berber literature.
One of my majors is Berber.
One of my neighbor's friends, who knew nothing about French beforehand, went into a coma, and when she woke up, she could only speak French.
One of my neighbors called and said I left one of my windows open.
One of my neighbours rang to say I'd left a window open.
One of my neighbours rang to say I'd left one of my windows open.
One of my pals just died.
One of my pals just found a job.
One of my pals just got married.
One of my pals just got out of jail.
One of my pals just graduated high school.
One of my pals just lost his job.
One of my pals just passed away.
One of my parents has to go to the meeting.
One of my partners is Canadian.
One of my partners lives in Australia.
One of my partners lives in Boston.
One of my pleasures is watching TV.
One of my required classes in college included dissecting the entire dorsal cavity of a pig. It was disgusting.
One of my shoes got chewed up by my dog.
One of my shoes is here, but where is the other one?
One of my shoes is here. Where's the other one?
One of my shoes is missing.
One of my sisters became an interpreter.
One of my sisters has trouble sleeping.
One of my sisters is a pretty good artist.
One of my six Facebook accounts was suspended.
One of my sons is a doctor and the other is a lawyer.
One of my sons is a police officer.
One of my sons is a teacher, and the other is a doctor.
One of my sons is an engineer.
One of my straps broke.
One of my suitcases got damaged.
One of my suitcases got lost.
One of my suitcases is empty.
One of my suitcases is large, and the other one is medium.
One of my suitcases is missing.
One of my teachers was following me on Snapchat.
One of my teammates said that his fantasy is to shoot women.
One of my teeth came out.
One of my teeth hurts.
One of my tires blew out coming down here.
One of my tires has a slow leak.
One of my tires is flat.
One of my tires is leaking air.
One of my tyres has a leak.
One of my uncles died last week.
One of my uncles gave me some useful advice.
One of my uncles is a doctor.
One of my uncles lives in Boston.
One of my wisdom teeth has already come through.
One of my wisdom teeth is coming in.
One of my younger brothers is living in Australia.
One of our cats is a floof.
One of our cats is getting old.
One of our cats is long-haired.
One of our cats is missing.
One of our cats is very unhappy about the new kittens.
One of our gas cans is missing.
One of our goals is to get children to exercise more.
One of our goats died.
One of our helicopters went down.
One of our horses has been stolen.
One of our kitchen knives is missing.
One of our planes has been hijacked.
One of our players scored a goal just five minutes after the match started.
One of our reporters got arrested.
One of our responsibilities is to guide our children through the difficult stages of their lives.
One of our students argued with the teacher.
One of our teachers was abusive, and one was racist.
One of our tires is flat.
One of our warehouses was broken into last night.
One of our windows is broken.
One of the "homestay" Japanese students in my Lulu Island home kept a long black-and-white striped eel-like fish in an aquarium.
One of the "homestay" Japanese students in my Lulu Island home liked to play ice hockey.
One of the American states is famous for its pineapples.
One of the Lojban features are a lot of words that express feelings and the attitude.
One of the Toms is Egyptian.
One of the advantages of living in a democracy is that one is permitted to say whatever he thinks.
One of the advantages of living in a democracy is that you can say what you think.
One of the aircraft's engines cut out.
One of the aircraft’s engines cut out.
One of the aliens suddenly woke up and attacked Martino.
One of the answers is correct.
One of the apples fell to the ground.
One of the areas most vulnerable to sandstorms was Dallam County.
One of the areas where Dr. Gregory hopes to use elastin is in the heart. He wants to replace metal stents, which are wire mesh tubes used to unblock arteries, with stents made from elastin.
One of the armed men tore the blindfold from his eyes.
One of the assailants chopped off the police officer’s hand with a sword.
One of the babies began to cry.
One of the babies started crying and all of the others joined in.
One of the bags broke.
One of the basic foreign policy goals of Ukraine is to enter the European Union as a full member.
One of the bedrooms upstairs is Tom's and the other is Mary's.
One of the benefits of using mechanical pencils is that you don't need to use a pencil sharpener.
One of the best meteor showers, the Perseids, happens in August.
One of the best parts of the holiday season is spending time with the special people in your life.
One of the best places I had ever had the luxury of visiting was Malaysia.
One of the best ways to amp up your libido is to work on your health first.
One of the best ways to help us is to translate from a foreign language you know into your own native language or strongest language.
One of the best ways to learn English, or for that matter any language, is by watching YouTube videos in the target language on topics that interest you.
One of the best-known Hungarian soups is the Újházi style chicken soup, named after the Hungarian actor Ede Újházi.
One of the big conservation success stories is the Iberian Lynx in Spain. There were just 52 mature cats in 2002. Today, there are 156. It may not seem like a lot, but it’s enough to remove the Iberian Lynx from the Critically Endangered list.
One of the big issues in the campaign was taxes.
One of the biggest costs of raising a child is child care.
One of the biggest ideas in physics is the possibility that all known forces, particles, and interactions can be connected in one framework.
One of the biggest problems guys have talking to girls is running out of things to say.
One of the biggest problems in our modern society is that the people don't see the world as I do.
One of the biggest problems in our modern society is that the people don’t see the world as I do.
One of the biggest similarities between Bangladesh and West Bengal is the language that is spoken.
One of the biggest sleights of hand of the anti-trans movement has been to treat the existence of trans boys and men as itself a war on girlhood and womanhood.
One of the biggest threats in coal mines are gas explosions and the simulator tries to prepare miners for the worst.
One of the bittersweet experiences in language learning is that, eventually, you find out that the lyrics of some of the songs you used to love so much are plain silly or offensive.
One of the blind men touched the elephant's tusk.
One of the books is in French, and the other is in German.
One of the boys got sunburnt on his back.
One of the boys kept laughing, which annoyed Mary intensely.
One of the boys raised his hand.
One of the boys stood up and started yelling.
One of the boys suddenly ran away.
One of the boys who died in the train accident was named Tom.
One of the boys who died was named Tom.
One of the boys who helped was Tom.
One of the bullets damaged his spine.
One of the bullets struck McKinley in the stomach.
One of the bulls pushed the fence down.
One of the buttons has come off my coat.
One of the buttons on my raincoat got torn off.
One of the cameras pointed to the washroom.
One of the candidates for the presidency of the country was attacked on the eve of the election.
One of the candles by the Ouija board was blown out.
One of the car wheels came off.
One of the cats got into the catnip.
One of the cats is black, the other is brown.
One of the cats threw up in the bathroom and I stepped in it.
One of the cats threw up in the kitchen and I stepped in it.
One of the cats threw up in the kitchen.
One of the cats threw up in the living room and I stepped in it.
One of the causes of forest dieback is acid rain.
One of the centipedes escaped.
One of the chair legs broke off and I went over with the chair.
One of the challenges to designing prosthetics, or exoskeletons for the disabled, is that everyone is different. Technology designed to help a person walk or get around doesn't work very well when it is built to be one-size-fits-all. But scientists at Carnegie Mellon University have figured out a quick, easy way to make each prosthetic different.
One of the characteristics of the Ancien RÃ©gime is that almost everybody had privileges, except peasants.
One of the characteristics of the Ancien Régime is that almost everybody had privileges, except peasants.
One of the characters in the novel dreams up a half-baked plan for robbing a bank.
One of the chicks fell off the tree.
One of the children asked one day: "Where do babies come from?"
One of the children didn't get off the bus.
One of the children is studying, but the others are playing.
One of the children left the door open.
One of the children over there is Tom.
One of the church leaders wanted to meet with Sami.
One of the classes that Edmundo found especially boring was economics.
One of the clichés of each detective story is that the victim has obviously been hit "with a blunt object".
One of the coat's sleeves is shorter than the other.
One of the committees is composed of eight members.
One of the cozy traditions associated with college life is receiving and then pouring over your copy of the annual yearbook.
One of the creatures got under the sheets.
One of the creatures passed by.
One of the criminals is bald.
One of the cups on Tom's desk had lipstick on it.
One of the customs of the employees is to meet almost every day at a bar or restaurant at the end of the workday to get intoxicated with alcohol and forget about their miserable life until the next day.
One of the desk's legs broke.
One of the detectives seized him by the neck.
One of the diplomats is deaf.
One of the disadvantages of living alone is that you have no one to talk to.
One of the dogs attacked me.
One of the dogs is alive.
One of the dogs started barking.
One of the doors cracked open.
One of the doors is open.
One of the doors was broken.
One of the doors was open.
One of the doors was swung completely open.
One of the downsides of living downtown is the noise you hear all day long every day of the week.
One of the drivers fell asleep at the wheel, causing the accident.
One of the duties that come with age is that of making the most of time: the less time we have left, the more precious it should be.
One of the eagle's wings was broken.
One of the earliest known uses of the word "goy" to refer to an individual member of a nation other than Jews was in the Damascus Document, an ancient extrabiblical Hebrew work.
One of the early noticeable symptoms is trouble with urination, but often there are no clear symptoms.
One of the effects of progressive muscle diseases like cerebral palsy is muscle stiffness.
One of the employees' habits is to gather in some bar or restaurant at the end of the workday to get drunk and forget their miserable life until the next day.
One of the enemy's goals is capturing the city of Kobanî.
One of the events was the Battle of New Orleans.
One of the extraterrestrials stepped forward, cleared its throat and, speaking clear German without an accent, declared that it and its cohorts had come in peace, and that there was no cause for concern.
One of the fan blades broke loose and shattered against the wall.
One of the fan blades is defective.
One of the fan's blades is broken.
One of the faucets in the bathroom is dripping.
One of the fellows you were with is a friend of mine.
One of the female police officers was holding the baby.
One of the few Americans to see the moon close up has died.
One of the few jobs available for young men is to become a wheelbarrow pusher.
One of the few pleasant side effects of COVID-19 lockdowns has been the widely observed drop in air pollution because of reduced industrial and manufacturing production and auto emissions.
One of the firemen showed us how to use a fire extinguisher.
One of the first goals when learning a foreign language which uses another writing system should be to acquire this very writing system as quickly as possible.
One of the first goals when learning a foreign language which uses another writing system should be to assimilate this very writing system as quickly as possible.
One of the first goals when learning a foreign language with another writing system should be to assimilate this very writing system as quickly as possible.
One of the first laws of the Forest is obedience, and Claus had no thought of disobeying the Master's wish.
One of the first recipes Matthew tried from the cookbook was his grandmother's famous apple pie.
One of the first stops for a tourist in Los Angeles is the TCL Chinese Theatre next to the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
One of the first things I did was to phone my parents.
One of the first things we need to do is find out what his name is.
One of the first times I ate something with chili was when my mom gave me some corn cocktail to try.
One of the foods we like best is peanuts.
One of the four has died.
One of the functions of the genitive case in Russian is to denote possession.
One of the games we played the most was hide-and-seek.
One of the gentlemen who were present addressed the pupils.
One of the giraffes wandered from the herd and was left behind.
One of the girls smiled at Tom.
One of the girls started cheering.
One of the girls was left behind.
One of the girls was wearing hijab.
One of the gliders crashed on landing.
One of the government's proposals is to give out condoms in high schools.
One of the government’s proposals is to give out condoms in high schools.
One of the great misunderstandings of our epoch seems to be the claim that, with the collapse of the communist Soviet state, socialism has failed and capitalism has been victorious. But was the "socialism" of the Soviet Union anything other than state capitalism?
One of the great mysteries of life is how a cat decides what to do next.
One of the great superstitions about education is that learning is the result of teaching.
One of the great things about the Internet is the vast array of websites that cater to every conceivable interest.
One of the greatest chapters in the history of western music came to a close with the death of Beethoven.
One of the greatest dangers in your human relations is self-centeredness.
One of the greatest hurdles facing middle school students learning English is relative pronouns.
One of the greatest secrets of happiness is moderating your wishes and loving what you already have.
One of the guard dogs attacked Tom.
One of the guards is dead.
One of the guards shot Tom.
One of the guards was kind of friendly.
One of the guests told me that they saw you kissing Tom.
One of the guests will surely be Maria.
One of the guys got off the bus, but the other three stayed on.
One of the guys offered us a alcohol.
One of the hands has fallen off my watch.
One of the hardest parts of my job is to connect Iraq to the War on Terror.
One of the hawk's wings is broken.
One of the hikers is still missing.
One of the hinges on that door is broken.
One of the horses escaped.
One of the hot button issues on the agenda is that of the conservation of African elephants.
One of the house maids stuck her head inside James's room.
One of the hunters shot Ziri.
One of the hunters was shot and had to be taken to hospital, where he is now making a speedy recovery.
One of the important differences between Japanese and Americans is that Japanese tend to choose a safe course in life, while Americans choose to explore and challenge life.
One of the items on your wish list is on sale.
One of the items on your wishlist is on sale.
One of the journalists asked me some questions.
One of the key aims of the European Union is to become bigger and stronger.
One of the key components of empathy is what scientists call facial mimicry.
One of the key missions at the school, he said, is to encourage more women to enter STEM-related fields.
One of the keys on my piano doesn't work.
One of the keys to happiness is to do what you enjoy doing.
One of the kids broke the lock.
One of the kids didn't get off the bus.
One of the kids that I befriended was Muslim.
One of the kids tried to wrest his scooter out of the officer's hands.
One of the kings of Egypt was a boy.
One of the kittens caught a moth.
One of the kittens fell asleep in my lap.
One of the kittens has an eye infection, and both have the sniffles.
One of the kittens is playing with an empty toilet paper roll.
One of the kittens that were just born had slipped into the house.
One of the knives is missing.
One of the largest cancer prevention studies of its kind to date reached a sobering conclusion. Just one alcoholic drink per day can increase the risk of breast cancer in women. But researchers also concluded there are things women can do to decrease their risk of breast cancer.
One of the largest phosphate mines on the planet is located in Western Sahara but it's illegally plundered by Morocco.
One of the legionnaires approached Rima and snatched the baby out of her as she started crying in horror.
One of the legs of this chair is shorter than the others.
One of the lifeguards rescued Tom.
One of the lights in the master bedroom went on.
One of the lights in the stairwell doesn't work.
One of the lights in the stairwell isn't working.
One of the lights is not working. Do you think you could come take a look?
One of the lights on the staircase doesn't work.
One of the lights on the staircase isn't working.
One of the lights on the stairs doesn't work.
One of the lights on the stairs isn't working.
One of the lions has escaped.
One of the little girls stopped and turned back to look at me.
One of the magazines is for boys, and the other one is for girls.
One of the magazines is for boys, the other for girls.
One of the magazines is for boys, the other is for girls.
One of the main characters of the webcomic El Goonish Shive, and arguably the most adorable of them, is a weresquirrel (among other things).
One of the main problems of an international student surely concerns the choice of means of transport to use in order to reach the university's sites and the facilities of Reggio Emilia.
One of the main problems was food.
One of the main products of this country is coffee.
One of the main things I learn as I age is just how much I don't know.
One of the major Internet search engines states that â€˜Fast is better than slow’.
One of the major Internet search engines states that ‘Fast is better than slow’.
One of the many advantages of cycling is that the exercise involved is not limited to the use of any one set of muscles.
One of the many fascinating things about objects in our universe is that all of them appear to be rotating.
One of the many questions put to the 970,000 American men and women taking part in the 30-year-old Cancer Prevention Study involved their coffee-drinking habits.
One of the men asked me to show him the way to the train station.
One of the men had a large red scar across his forehead.
One of the men over there is Tom's father.
One of the men waiting in line seemed very nervous.
One of the men was holding a revolver.
One of the men was wearing a blue sweatshirt.
One of the men was wounded.
One of the messages in the movie, which I didn't realize until I finished the movie, is that individuals with a community survive better than individuals alone.
One of the moons, Naiad has a tilted orbital plane and circles Neptune in a zig zag, up and down pattern.
One of the more compelling positives of the COVID pandemic has been the explosion in outdoor activities.
One of the most beautiful animals is a cat.
One of the most beautiful animals is the cat.
One of the most beautiful art collections in the world is at the Louvre.
One of the most beautiful words in any language would have to be "friend."
One of the most beloved American TV-formats is the chat show, in which a host or various hosts chat to guests.
One of the most bitter of these was a bassoonist named Geyersbach whom Bach on more than one occasion had to reproach for his musical incompetence.
One of the most common birds you would see in northern Algeria is the sparrow.
One of the most common complaints among American parents today is children spending too much time on a computer or other electronic devices.
One of the most common complaints among American parents today is children spending too much time on a computer or other electronic devices. This is especially true if the child spends several hours a day playing video games.
One of the most common terms we hear today is “fake news.” The public and politicians use it to talk about the news reports they do not think are accurate.
One of the most curious things that has forced itself on my notice is that there is no permanence in the judgement of beauty.
One of the most destructive invasive species in North America's Great Lakes was also the first one to arrive. The sea lamprey invaded the Lakes more than a hundred years ago, and in all that time, no one's been able to get rid of it. It's the only invader in the Lakes that managers have been able to control, but it takes millions of taxpayers' dollars every year to keep the blood-sucking parasite in check.
One of the most endangered sub-species in the world, the Gulf of Mexico Bryde’s whales, saw its numbers decline 22% and today are thought to number fewer than 100.
One of the most exciting developments in the “smart phone age” is the ability to record events as they happen.
One of the most exciting things in life is riding a Ferris wheel.
One of the most famous chess players in Spain was Arturo Pomar.
One of the most famous horse races in the world, the Melbourne Cup, will be held today.
One of the most forward of these wenches gave him a kiss, which elated Daphnis, but tormented poor Chloe.
One of the most important YouTube videos.
One of the most important forms of psychiatric treatment is cosmetic surgery.
One of the most important parts of game design is the graphical user interface, or GUI for short.
One of the most important research institutes is located there.
One of the most important skills a debater can have is to deliver cogent arguments in a clear manner.
One of the most important things you have to do right now is to carry out the plan.
One of the most painful places to get a splinter is under the fingernail.
One of the most pervasive species is the lionfish, a voracious predator from Asia that is depleting native coral reef fish in the Caribbean.
One of the most popular and successful ways hackers infect your computer is through a technique called phishing. Phishing occurs when someone opens an email attachment that looks real. But the attachment is actually a virus that immediately infects the user’s computer. If someone sends you a file or a website you did not ask for, it is best to not click on it.
One of the most popular art exhibits in Chicago this year has been on display for more than 10 months in what had been one of the city's least-visited cultural facilities. An exhibit of handmade glass works by world-renowned artist Dale Chihuly has attracted several hundred thousand people, is helping renovate a century-old conservatory and might help change the image of one Chicago neighborhood.
One of the most popular camping destinations is France.
One of the most popular condiments in the U.S. is in short supply thanks to the coronavirus pandemic.
One of the most spectacular achievements in physics so far this century has been the observation of gravitational waves, ripples in space-time that result from masses accelerating in space.
One of the most successful and enduring feats of interplanetary exploration, NASA's Opportunity rover mission is at an end after almost 15 years exploring the surface of Mars and helping lay the groundwork for NASA's return to the Red Planet.
One of the most urgent challenges of our time is climate change.
One of the most widespread errors in translating is to translate too literally – word by word.
One of the muggers followed John.
One of the names on the list seemed familiar to me.
One of the names on the list was mine.
One of the new shoes left me with some serious chafing, in fact I'm going to go buy some band-aids.
One of the newborn kittens had wandered into the house.
One of the nice things about being bald is that you never have a bad hair day.
One of the obstacles in the 2016 FIRST Robotics Competition game was the chevaux de frise.
One of the paintings was exhibited.
One of the participants suggested that we should move on to another topic.
One of the participants suggested we move on to another topic.
One of the passengers was injured.
One of the passengers went to the front of the bus and talked to the driver.
One of the patients in the waiting room has just fainted.
One of the people I know in real life was trying to come up with a glove to increase your brain's functionality in taste, touch etc. I told him he was nuts but he still thinks it is the best thing since sliced bread!
One of the people you were with is a friend of mine.
One of the perks of my promotion is a chic, corner office with a great view of the skyline.
One of the piano strings is broken.
One of the pickpockets blew the whistle on the other two.
One of the pigs ate a cocklebur plant and died.
One of the players grabbed the ball with his hand.
One of the players took off his shirt.
One of the players was hurt during the game.
One of the poles is negative, while the other is positive.
One of the police officers kicked open the door.
One of the prisoners has escaped.
One of the problems with football is that the only people who know how the game should be played are sitting in the press box.
One of the professors whispered.
One of the project's targets is having computers for women and children.
One of the project's targets is vaccinations for women and children.
One of the projects that researchers in Sydney are pursuing is improving the membranes used in pre-treatment systems in desalination plants.
One of the protesters set fire to himself.
One of the pupils put her hand up.
One of the pupils put his hand up.
One of the pupils put their hand up.
One of the qualities of steel is hardness.
One of the questions was what kind of a person I would become.
One of the rarest abilities is the ability to recognise talent.
One of the reasons Twitter is popular in Japan is a characteristic of Japanese itself: Japanese uses ideograms which enable it to convey more information in just 140 characters than other languages, not counting Chinese. Incidentally, the Japanese version of this sentence is written with exactly 140 characters. How many characters does it take in other languages?
One of the reasons is the difference between Japan and other countries in their attitudes toward education.
One of the reasons some workers hesitate to use their paid holidays is that they fear unfavorable reactions from their colleagues or superiors.
One of the reasons that we love nature is that, unlike ourselves, nature is not envious or deceitful.
One of the rednecks had a shotgun.
One of the reeds of my harmonica has gone flat.
One of the required classes in law school is Torts, which is a type of civil action between parties (typically negligence or malpractice).
One of the requirements for the position is to speak Spanish perfectly.
One of the restaurant's most popular dishes is a bed of oysters on the half shell.
One of the rings was gold and the other was silver.
One of the rooms lit up.
One of the royal chair's legs was restored.
One of the rubber gloves had Sami's fingerprints on the inside.
One of the rungs on this ladder is broken.
One of the screws has come out.
One of the security guards is checking the rooms now.
One of the servants told Tom Mary wasn't at home.
One of the servants told Tom that Mary wasn't at home.
One of the seven dwarfs is homosexual.
One of the seven dwarves is gay.
One of the seven dwarves is homosexual.
One of the shareholders of Commercial Bank of Maldives, Champa Hussain Afeef, has stated that he started a new bank to increase competition and reduce interest rates in the market.
One of the shoes is dirty.
One of the side effects of this medicine is weight gain.
One of the sides of the box is transparent.
One of the sisters would be fifteen In the following year, but the others—well, they were each one year younger than the other, so that the youngest had five whole years to wait before she would be allowed to come up from the bottom, to see what things were like on earth.
One of the soldiers fell dead.
One of the soldiers gave Tom a stick of chewing gum.
One of the soldiers shot Kalman.
One of the soldiers talked to me.
One of the sophisms of Chrysippus was, "If you have not lost a thing, you have it."
One of the spokes on my bicycle is broken.
One of the spokes on my bike has bust.
One of the spokes on my bike has gone.
One of the statues represents Ivan’s brother, Walid.
One of the steps creaked strangely.
One of the street cats killed a grackle on the porch.
One of the strings in the grand piano is broken.
One of the structures designated by UNESCO is the Robie House in Chicago. Constructed in 1910, its emphasis of the horizontal over the vertical recalls the flat American plains, and the cantilevered roof connects the interior to the outdoors.
One of the students didn't come today.
One of the students didn’t come today.
One of the students in the back raised his hand.
One of the students raised his hand to ask a question.
One of the subjects Yanni is required to master is the Berber language.
One of the subjects that runs through the entire movie is the subject of urban romance.
One of the suitcases is completely empty.
One of the symptoms of schizophrenia is pathological attention to detail, so I feel comforted when I forget a few commas.
One of the teenagers screamed.
One of the things I love most about Christmas is trimming the tree.
One of the things Tom and Mary enjoy doing is swimming.
One of the things Tom enjoys doing is swimming.
One of the things Yanni and Skura talked about was Islam.
One of the things language can be used for is to talk about mental health.
One of the things that we did at the University of Pittsburgh was we used the sports analogy, which, you know, is not something we came up with.
One of the things that's wrong with soccer is that the only ones that know how it should be played are stuck in the press box.
One of the things we should learn from Americans is their ability to gather, accumulate, and impart knowledge.
One of the three girls smiled at Tom.
One of the three was dressed in a costume made of seaweeds, a second in hempen garments, and a third in embroidered robes.
One of the tigers has escaped from the zoo.
One of the tires was flat.
One of the torpedoes hit its target.
One of the toughest things in the world to do is forgive.
One of the twins is alive, but the other is dead.
One of the twins is living.
One of the twins is still living.
One of the two excavators at the construction site has completely disappeared and was probably stolen.
One of the two girls smiled at Tom.
One of the two has to go.
One of the two has to leave.
One of the two must attend the meeting.
One of the two must leave.
One of the two of us has to do it.
One of the two of us must attend the meeting.
One of the two of you must attend the meeting.
One of the two puppies running alongside the pram kept trying to catch the rotating left front wheel of the pram with its mouth, seemingly thinking it was a ball it could play with, and it was a miracle it did not hurt itself in the process.
One of the two shoes is dirty.
One of the two sisters is already married.
One of the two will have to go.
One of the two will have to leave.
One of the tyres burst during the trip.
One of the vendors, a Mexican food stand operator, said since the pandemic, he has lost 80% of his business.
One of the visitors cried out to obstruct the proceedings.
One of the ways to solve pre-exam anxiety is to start learning now.
One of the wheels on this shopping cart is messed up, so you can't push it in a straight line very easily.
One of the windows was broken.
One of the windows was not closed all the way.
One of the workers had an accident.
One of the workers was injured in an accident.
One of the world's biggest problems is the growth of the human population.
One of the world's greatest memorizers taught Joshua mnemonics, the creation of unique codes and mental images to help one remember useless information like random numbers.
One of the young fairies who sat near heard her, and, judging that she might give the little Princess some unlucky gift, hid herself behind the curtains as soon as they left the table. She hoped that she might speak last and undo as much as she could the evil which the old fairy might do.
One of the young ladies sitting over there is staring at you.
One of the youngsters screamed.
One of the youngsters tripped and fell.
One of the “heroes of the faith”, Baptist Nikolai Khrapov, who spent 29 years in prison for the Name of the Lord during the times of the USSR, wrote an autobiographical novel entitled “The Happiness of a Lost Life”.
One of them I met in London, and the other in Paris.
One of them bore a lantern, while the other wheeled before him a barrow, laden with crowbar, pickaxe, and spade.
One of them even spoke to us.
One of them has already reserved 5 tables for next week.
One of them has died.
One of them hit me in the back.
One of them is a killer.
One of them is a liar.
One of them is a spy.
One of them is an Algerian national.
One of them is an actor, who is going to pretend to murder someone.
One of them is an old man; he is now bedridden.
One of them is drunk.
One of them is drunk. Can you guess which one?
One of them is gestures.
One of them is lying.
One of them is probably lying.
One of them is seven years old and the other one is thirteen.
One of them is still missing.
One of them lives in Boston.
One of them pressed the red button.
One of them smokes in the toilet.
One of them speaks English, and the other speaks Japanese.
One of them spoke to me.
One of them was Tom's friend.
One of them was Ziri's cousin.
One of them was an imam.
One of them was mine.
One of them was studying Berber in Algeria.
One of them went in.
One of them went to hide.
One of them will have to go.
One of them.
One of these areas is called the Maze District. This area includes rock art made by people who lived there more than two thousand years ago. Yet many people today cannot see the Maze District because it is so difficult to reach. The area is one of the loneliest and wildest in the United States.
One of these cups is Tom's.
One of these days I will.
One of these days is none of these days.
One of these days the singer will be famous.
One of these days you're going to tire me out and I won't respond.
One of these days, I'll do that.
One of these days, I'm going to do that.
One of these days, the kitchen will be ready.
One of these days, you will break your bones if you are not careful.
One of these days, you'll figure it out.
One of these eggs hasn't hatched yet.
One of these fine days he will get his just deserts.
One of these is enough.
One of these is the Colima warbler. These small gray, yellow and red birds arrive at Big Bend in the springtime to mate and nest. Then, they return south to Mexico.
One of these is worth three of those.
One of these kids knows it.
One of these lucky beings was Hans.
One of these potatoes was definitely bad.
One of these strangers was about forty years of age, tall, and thin in the flanks, with an aquiline nose, dark penetrating eyes, and a shrewd but sinister cast of countenance.
One of these two answers is right.
One of these two boys knows that.
One of these two cars is new, the other is old.
One of these two methods is right.
One of this country's most important products is coffee.
One of those boys is Tom.
One of those dogs bit me.
One of those girls is from Boston.
One of those girls is my sister.
One of those guys asked for help.
One of those guys is my brother.
One of those guys lives in Boston.
One of those illnesses is scabies, which jumped from villagers to gorillas a few years ago in Uganda’s Bwindi Impenetrable National Park. Other illnesses suspected of spreading from people to animals in recent years include measles, polio and intestinal parasites.
One of those men asked me for money.
One of those men is Tom.
One of those people may be Tom.
One of those people may be her.
One of those people may be him.
One of those people might be Tom.
One of those random numbers called again.
One of two women appointed to Sudan's newly created Sovereign Council on Wednesday said she will uphold the rights of all Sudanese people.
One of us can buy the tickets.
One of us could be the winner.
One of us could help Tom.
One of us could help her.
One of us could help him.
One of us could help them.
One of us could help you.
One of us could win.
One of us has got to go there.
One of us has got to stay awake.
One of us has to do it.
One of us has to do that.
One of us has to do this.
One of us has to go there.
One of us has to go to Australia next week.
One of us has to go to Boston next week.
One of us has to go to that meeting.
One of us has to go.
One of us has to leave.
One of us has to stay here and take care of Tom.
One of us has to tell Tom before he finds out on his own.
One of us is a spy.
One of us is a werewolf.
One of us is an idiot.
One of us is going to have to leave.
One of us is lying.
One of us is right.
One of us is stupid, at least.
One of us is wrong.
One of us needs to do that.
One of us needs to go there.
One of us ought to do that.
One of us should do that.
One of us should talk to Tom.
One of us should talk to her.
One of us should talk to him.
One of us should talk to them.
One of us two should do it.
One of us will attend the meeting.
One of us will have to ask Mary what she thinks.
One of us will have to ask Tom and Mary what they think.
One of us will have to ask Tom what he thinks.
One of us will have to do that.
One of us will have to drive over and see Tom tomorrow.
One of us will have to go.
One of us will stay here with Tom.
One of you can't come.
One of you can't go.
One of you come in and one of you wait outside.
One of you has not told the truth.
One of you has to attend the meeting; either you or him.
One of you has to do that.
One of you has to get out.
One of you has to go there.
One of you has to go.
One of you is adopted, and I think we all know who.
One of you is lying.
One of you is wrong.
One of you must be lying.
One of you needs to do that.
One of you should be helping Tom.
One of you sit by me.
One of you stay here.
One of you two is going to have to go there.
One of you two must attend the meeting.
One of you will have to go.
One of your boobs fell down.
One of your brake lights is burned out.
One of your buttons has come off.
One of your character flaws is laziness.
One of your front tires is flat.
One of your front tires looks a bit low.
One of your neighbors complained about all the junk in your front yard.
One of your neighbors complained.
One of your neighbours complained about all the rubbish in your front garden.
One of your shoelaces has come undone.
One of your shoes is dirty.
One of your shoes is untied.
One of your students called me.
One of your tail lights is out.
One of your teachers called to say you weren't in school today.
One of your tires is flat.
One of your tyres is flat.
One of your upstairs windows is open.
One old man asked her to send his greetings to a newborn granddaughter he will never see.
One old man came to Jackson from Albany, New York.
One old remedy that came back in vogue with COVID-19 was convalescent plasma, a blood product from patients who have recovered from the disease.
One only vestige of his fate appeared. A large sable feather had been detached from his hat, and the rippling waves of the rising tide wafted it to Caleb's feet.
One or two are missing.
One organization allegedly controls the European drug market.
One organized gang tricked the regional German government of North Rhine-Westphalia into parting with $2.6 million for nonexistent PPE.
One other victim remains hospitalized.
One ought to be true to oneself.
One ought to be wary of "false friends" in translation.
One out of 455 women doesn't realize she's pregnant until the twentieth week of pregnancy.
One out of 455 women doesn’t realize she’s pregnant until the twentieth week of pregnancy.
One out of every four people is Muslim.
One out of ten people suffers from a lack of sleep.
One out of ten persons is nearsighted.
One out of three people in this city owns a car.
One out of three persons in this city has his own car.
One out of two French people consider the Fronte National dangerous to democracy.
One page is missing.
One pair of red chopsticks broke.
One panini or two paninis?
One parsec is the distance at which one astronomical unit subtends an angle of one arcsecond.
One particular flatmate always leaves the bathroom in a mess.
One percent of American transgender people have been physically assaulted in public restrooms.
One percent of American transgender people have been sexually assaulted in public restrooms.
One perched, Celaeno, on a rock, and lo, / thus croaked the dismal seer her prophecy of woe. / "War, too, Laomedon's twice-perjured race! / War do ye bring, our cattle stol'n and slain? / And unoffending Harpies would ye chase / forth from their old, hereditary reign?"
One perky guy was lagging behind me.
One person can make a difference, and everyone should try.
One person died and four others were gravely injured during a series of stabbings that occurred last night at different locations within the Community of Madrid.
One person here has already died from this disease.
One person hides something, and ten people look for it.
One person is holding a bag.
One person is still missing.
One person more or less doesn't make much difference.
One person more or less doesn’t make much difference.
One person said one thing, someone else said another.
One person spoke for everyone.
One person suffered life-threatening injuries.
One person thought I was Tom.
One person was critically injured.
One person was killed.
One person was selected.
One person was wiser than any of his neighbors; another was stupider; and somebody else was always hungrier.
One person who exposes his privacy online makes noise. One million people who expose their privacy online makes billionaires.
One person's behavior doesn't define the whole group of Muslims.
One person's vice is another person's virtue.
One person's virtue is another person's vice.
One person’s music is another person’s noise.
One person’s trash is another person’s treasure.
One person’s trash is another person’s treasure. New York City has taken this saying to a whole new level with its tradition of “stooping.” When people throw out furniture or other items they no longer need on the city’s sidewalks, others see an opportunity.
One perspective held by some users is that the solution to the website's problems lies in restricting the daily number of example sentences that an Algerian translator can submit.
One pet peeve of mine is when one person takes up two seats on a crowded train, especially if a pregnant woman or older adult needs a seat!
One photo showed my dad grilling in the backyard.
One plane after another took off.
One plays football for only one thing: in order to win.
One plus one equals two.
One plus one is equal to two.
One plus one is two.
One plus one is two. Is that right?
One plus two equals three.
One plus two is equal to three.
One plus two makes three.
One point for Tom!
One point.
One police officer is dead.
One police officer suffered minor injuries.
One popular pangram is "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."
One potato, two potato, three potato, four.
One potential problem is that Tom can't speak French very well.
One pound is a hundred pence.
One pound troy weighs 12 oz.
One praises the industriousness of the teachers.
One prepared the wine presses, another cleansed the jars, and another twisted the osiers into baskets.
One prided himself on having slain a wolf, whilst another boasted that in piping he had formerly yielded but to Pan alone. This was the boast of Philetas.
One problem is how the enterprises arrange posts for excellent female students, but another important point is whether the educational industry can grow and supply creative students needed for Japan's future.
One problem is how the enterprises arrange posts for excellent female students, but another important point is whether the educational industry can grow and supply creative students needed for Japan’s future.
One problem remains.
One problem still remains.
One problem translators face is that sometimes the source document is poorly written.
One problem with inflatable boats is that they sometimes spring leaks.
One professor in my grad school found a student plagiarizing and automatically gave that student a zero.
One professor says that even if Alex is using words, it's wrong to call it a language.
One professor says that even if Alex is using words, it’s wrong to call it a language.
One protester, a 24-year-old woman who asked to be identified as “K,” told VOA how the political controversy has been a deeply personal struggle.
One quadrillion is equal to a thousand long billions.
One quality of oil is that it floats on water.
One quarter of it will be Tom's.
One question was what I was going to be.
One question.
One question. What the hell is this song about?
One quickly recaptured him.
One rainy evening he was driving a car.
One rainy morning I woke up to find myself famous.
One reads the sum of 3+2 as "three plus two."
One reaps what one sows.
One reason to avoid cars and public transportation is that, with the costs mentioned above, some of you could not afford all the expenses, so they must be reduced when possible.
One receives no dispensation from Rome for death.
One receives unforgettable impressions of scenery and local life.
One recognizes the craftsman by his work.
One regularly bumps into more beautiful women in the street.
One rehearsal is not enough.
One relationship is enough for me.
One repercussion was higher taxes.
One reporter said he looked like a fierce bulldog.
One resists the invasion of armies; one does not resist the invasion of ideas.
One river was smaller than another.
One roll of color film, please.
One rotation of the earth around its own axis takes exactly twenty-three hours and fifty-six minutes.
One rotten apple spoils the barrel.
One rumor had Skura sleeping with her brother-in-law, Yanni.
One sadness more, one joy less... And life takes us along indifferently.
One school in the U.K. has abandoned textbooks in favour of iPads in the classroom.
One second!
One second, I will just get my pen and paper.
One sees clearly only with the heart. What is essential is invisible to the eye.
One sees the mote in another's eye, but not the beam in his own eye.
One sees the resilience of a person in a crisis situation.
One senator has called a president of another country, an officer of the old intelligence service which would like to restore that country's old empire.
One sentence leads to another.
One sentence may have multiple meanings in one language.
One sex worker says her madam, or pimp, demanded repayments of 1,000 euro [$1,300] within 10 days.
One shortcut I use all the time is Alt-Tab to switch between windows.
One shot and Fadil was dead.
One shot at life is all we've got as innocent human beings, so we'd better make the best use of it and spend our time on this planet meaningfully.
One should add a full stop at the end of the sentence.
One should adopt only sentences in their own native language.
One should also study history from the viewpoint of the vanquished.
One should always aim for first place.
One should always be careful in talking about one's finances.
One should always be careful in talking about one’s finances.
One should always be in love. That is the reason one should never marry.
One should always do one's best.
One should always do one’s best.
One should always give something to beggars.
One should always give the impression that they can change the course of things.
One should always look after one's health.
One should always make the most of one's opportunities.
One should always make the most of one’s opportunities.
One should always tell the truth.
One should attack ideas with their own weapons: You do not shoot at ideas with a rifle.
One should avoid negative questions, since a simple "yes" or "no" answer might be ambiguous.
One should be considerate about things and considerate of people.
One should be enough.
One should be honest about the responsibility that's required.
One should be respectful of others' beliefs rather than mock them.
One should be respectful of other’s beliefs rather than mock them.
One should be well dressed.
One should bear in mind that time is money.
One should break down a large problem into its elementary units in order to solve it effectively.
One should brush one's teeth every day.
One should do one's best to be happy.
One should do one's best.
One should do one's duties.
One should do one's duty.
One should do one's homework by oneself.
One should do one’s best to be happy.
One should do one’s best.
One should do one’s duties.
One should do one’s duty.
One should do one’s homework by oneself.
One should doubt everything.
One should dress oneself well.
One should dress well.
One should follow the traffic rules.
One should give alms to the poor.
One should have Job's patience to raise these children.
One should have enough political and historical awareness to see glass ceilings.
One should ideally have a rewarding and well-paying job.
One should keep one's promise.
One should keep one's promises.
One should keep one’s promise.
One should know when to give up.
One should know when to stop.
One should learn at least one foreign language.
One should listen to their parents.
One should love one's mother tongue.
One should love one's own mother.
One should love one’s own mother.
One should never deride the wretch, for who can be sure of always being happy?
One should never give up before the end.
One should never laugh on that. Nonetheless she laughed.
One should never say never.
One should not accuse anyone without having proof of the crime committed.
One should not act hastily when making decisions.
One should not be scared of poverty, and instead, be determined amidst it.
One should not call the devil; for then he will appear.
One should not confuse education with job training.
One should not copy the solutions.
One should not gawp at others, it is rude
One should not lament over past mistakes too long.
One should not make comments.
One should not make fun of others.
One should not miss such a chance!
One should not mock imperfections.
One should not say bad words.
One should not speak ill of others.
One should not take advantage of others' kindness.
One should obey their parents.
One should put a full stop at the end of the sentence.
One should read a lot, not a lot of things.
One should read many books when one is young.
One should remember that the truth is not decided by the number of people subscribing to it.
One should respect his teachers.
One should respect one's spouse.
One should respect one’s spouse.
One should respect others.
One should say the truth, but not every truth is to be spoken.
One should see oneself with one's neighbour's eye.
One should stretch before and after exercising.
One should take care of oneself.
One should take good care of every single thing.
One should tell the truth.
One should treat his teachers with respect.
One should try on shoes before purchasing them.
One should wash oneself.
One shouldn't betray one's friends.
One shouldn't bring a samurai sword to work unless one is a samurai.
One shouldn't celebrate too early.
One shouldn't drink alcohol while driving.
One shouldn't injure during the day, the body side on which one will lie at night.
One shouldn't interrupt others when they are speaking.
One shouldn't laugh in the face of adversity.
One shouldn't leave the certain for the uncertain.
One shouldn't lie.
One shouldn't live to be in a relationship.
One shouldn't live.
One shouldn't make promises one can't keep.
One shouldn't ride a bicycle on the pavement.
One shouldn't speak ill of the dead.
One shouldn't take the hat away from a fool.
One shouldn't trust her.
One shouldn't use the verb "anstataŭi" in the sense of "anstataŭigi".
One shouldn't wonder about that as that was to be expected.
One shouldn't worry about one's age.
One shouldn't worry about what people are going to say.
One shouldn't worry.
One shouldn’t betray one’s friends.
One shouldn’t lie.
One shouldn’t ride a bicycle on the pavement.
One showers naked.
One shrimp empanada, please.
One side of a coin is called 'heads' and the other side is called 'tails'.
One side of a coin is called ’heads’ and the other side is called ’tails’.
One side of my headphones broke.
One side of the coin is called 'heads', and the other is called 'tails'.
One sign proclaims Kemmerer the “World Fossil Capital.”
One simply can't be good to everyone.
One size fits all.
One small step could change everything.
One smile a day keeps the doctor away!
One sniff of that stuff was enough to make me sick.
One snowflake is the first component of an avalanche.
One sometimes looks around and sees only emptiness.
One speaker described Brexit as the most important constitutional event after 1660, because she demonstrates that, as far as Europe concerns, the sovereignty of the people surpasses the parliament.
One speaks Dutch in the Netherlands.
One speaks English, and the other speaks Japanese.
One speaks French in France.
One speaks Japanese in Japan.
One species of grass defends itself by harboring a toxic fungus that fends off hungry animals. But moose can graze on the grass with no ill effect.
One speech, one particular stance, one wrong statement can change everything all of a sudden.
One squirrel asked another squirrel, "Shall we meet in my drey today?" "Cracking idea," was the reply. "I'll bring a few nuts with me."
One stall had its door shut.
One starts to get young at the age of 60—and then it's too late.
One state governor described the president’s assertion of imagined absolute authority as “infuriating, offensive and, frankly, ignorant of the constitution and of the facts.”
One statue is armless and the other is headless.
One stayed and the other went away.
One step closer and you're going in the fireplace.
One step forward is a step forward for civilization.
One step forward is a step towards civility.
One step further, and you will fall into an abyss.
One step was not enough.
One stiver would get you five liquorice roots, so every guilder would get you sixty!
One store advertised hand sanitizer at $60 a bottle.
One store decided to pull the controversial CD from its shelves.
One stroke fells not an oak.
One stroke of the pen will not solve this problem.
One student says the purge is still going on in China and terror is widespread.
One student was arrested.
One study was begun in nineteen eighty-three by Charles Hennekens of Harvard University Medical School in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He began studying more than twenty-two-thousand healthy male doctors over the age of forty. Half of the doctors in the study took an aspirin every other day. The other half took an inactive pill. Five years later, Doctor Hennekens reported that the men who took aspirin reduced their chances of having a heart attack by forty-four percent.
One such language is Esperanto.
One such student, Tiffany Baker, said she decided to learn Lakota to talk with her two-year-old daughter, who is in an immersion program at the college.
One summer evening he came galloping down the road and pulled up at the gate. She was at the doorway, and came down to meet him.
One summer night, a few months after my marriage, I was seated by my own hearth smoking a last pipe and nodding over a novel, for my day's work had been an exhausting one.
One summer, as a teenager, I worked at the Pacific National Exhibition in Vancouver, BC. For lunch, I enjoyed big waffles with strawberries and whipped cream or a Vietnamese dish. For transportation, I had to borrow my father's station wagon, which he, in turn, borrowed from a friend. My father was still looking for employment, and sometimes he went for a long drive south to California.
One summer, during a long drive with my family from BC, down to Washington, to Oregon, then to California, I could see the vegetation really change.
One sunny day in April, I went out for a walk.
One surefire way for money to provide happiness appears to be to spend it on other people.
One suspect has been identified.
One swallow does not a spring make.
One swallow does not a summer make.
One swallow does not make a spring.
One swallow does not make a summer.
One swallow doesn't make a spring.
One teaspoon of Sirius B is so dense that it weighs 5 tons.
One teaspoon please.
One tends to shout when excited.
One that confounds good and evil is an enemy to the good.
One that's on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta.
One that’s on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta.
One theory held that a meteor killed the age of dinosaurs.
One theory says that everything that can happen is happening somewhere in another universe.
One there combs his bead, another wipes off sweat, another cleans his winter shoes or boots, another belches up garlick.
One thing British researchers suggest you do is to be very careful selecting your username.
One thing I didn't have to worry about was finding drinking water.
One thing I don't ever want to do again is punch a time clock.
One thing I don't ever want to do again is spend time in prison.
