Sami and Layla are no longer together.
Sami and Layla are not even together.
Sami and Layla are not friends today.
Sami and Layla are not friends.
Sami and Layla are not from the same background.
Sami and Layla are not going to be friends again.
Sami and Layla are not going to have kids.
Sami and Layla are not handling it well.
Sami and Layla are not in a relationship.
Sami and Layla are not like that.
Sami and Layla are not married yet.
Sami and Layla are not talking about that.
Sami and Layla are offended.
Sami and Layla are older than me.
Sami and Layla are on a cruise.
Sami and Layla are on the floor.
Sami and Layla are on the same step team.
Sami and Layla are on their second date.
Sami and Layla are our contestants.
Sami and Layla are out winners.
Sami and Layla are paid the same.
Sami and Layla are planning a wedding.
Sami and Layla are play-fighting.
Sami and Layla are playing basketball.
Sami and Layla are racist.
Sami and Layla are reading Farid's diary.
Sami and Layla are ready to go home.
Sami and Layla are ready.
Sami and Layla are really close friends.
Sami and Layla are really cool.
Sami and Layla are really cute together.
Sami and Layla are really funny.
Sami and Layla are really tall.
Sami and Layla are scared of something.
Sami and Layla are scared.
Sami and Layla are separated.
Sami and Layla are seriously thinking about moving to another city.
Sami and Layla are sharing a room.
Sami and Layla are siblings.
Sami and Layla are sick.
Sami and Layla are sitting at the table.
Sami and Layla are sitting next to each other.
Sami and Layla are sitting on the bleachers.
Sami and Layla are sitting there.
Sami and Layla are smashing in a hotel room.
Sami and Layla are so cool.
Sami and Layla are so crazy.
Sami and Layla are so cute.
Sami and Layla are so empathetic.
Sami and Layla are so ridiculous.
Sami and Layla are so sweet.
Sami and Layla are standing there.
Sami and Layla are staring at me.
Sami and Layla are still in bed.
Sami and Layla are still in high school.
Sami and Layla are still in the same high school.
Sami and Layla are still sitting here.
Sami and Layla are still talking.
Sami and Layla are still together.
Sami and Layla are such jerks.
Sami and Layla are supposed to share everything.
Sami and Layla are supposed to work together.
Sami and Layla are taking pictures.
Sami and Layla are talking about homework.
Sami and Layla are talking again.
Sami and Layla are talking and laughing.
Sami and Layla are talking.
Sami and Layla are teaching classes together.
Sami and Layla are texting back and forth.
Sami and Layla are the only two people who know the truth.
Sami and Layla are the same age.
Sami and Layla are the two people I trust the most in my life.
Sami and Layla are together because of the Lord.
Sami and Layla are together now.
Sami and Layla are together.
Sami and Layla are total opposites.
Sami and Layla are transparent to each other.
Sami and Layla are trapped.
Sami and Layla are very close.
Sami and Layla are very conscious of this.
Sami and Layla are very similar.
Sami and Layla are waiting for us.
Sami and Layla are walking together.
Sami and Layla are watching a movie.
Sami and Layla are weirdos.
Sami and Layla are working together.
Sami and Layla are yelling at each other.
Sami and Layla are young.
Sami and Layla are younger than me.
Sami and Layla aren't Egyptian.
Sami and Layla aren't a good mix.
Sami and Layla aren't boyfriend and girlfriend.
Sami and Layla aren't brothers.
Sami and Layla aren't even together.
Sami and Layla aren't friends today.
Sami and Layla aren't friends.
Sami and Layla aren't from the same background.
Sami and Layla aren't going to be friends again.
Sami and Layla aren't handling it well.
Sami and Layla aren't happy anymore.
Sami and Layla aren't homies anymore.
Sami and Layla aren't homies.
Sami and Layla aren't in a relationship.
Sami and Layla aren't like that.
Sami and Layla aren't sleeping together.
Sami and Layla aren't talking about that.
Sami and Layla argue every night.
Sami and Layla argued a lot.
Sami and Layla argued about her drinking issue.
Sami and Layla argued about religion.
Sami and Layla argued about toilet paper.
Sami and Layla argued constantly.
Sami and Layla argued every day.
Sami and Layla argued frequently.
Sami and Layla argued in the store in front of everybody.
Sami and Layla argued over custody of their children.
Sami and Layla argued over the custody of their children.
Sami and Layla argued sometimes.
Sami and Layla argued the whole drive.
Sami and Layla arranged to meet at a strip mall.
Sami and Layla arrived around the same time.
Sami and Layla arrived at a motel near Toronto.
Sami and Layla ate dinner at a local restaurant.
Sami and Layla ate dinner together.
Sami and Layla ate dinner.
Sami and Layla ate lunch together.
Sami and Layla ate some food.
Sami and Layla ate together.
Sami and Layla attended the Friday prayer at a mosque in Cairo.
Sami and Layla attended the wedding of Farid's son.
Sami and Layla barely knew each other.
Sami and Layla became Facebook friends.
Sami and Layla became a part of each other's life.
Sami and Layla became accustomed to that.
Sami and Layla became dependent on one another.
Sami and Layla became family.
Sami and Layla became friends on Facebook.
Sami and Layla became friends, then they became lovers.
Sami and Layla became friends.
Sami and Layla became like friends.
Sami and Layla became lovers.
Sami and Layla became really close.
Sami and Layla became really dependent upon one another.
Sami and Layla began Christian counseling.
Sami and Layla began a clandestine relationship.
Sami and Layla began a new life together.
Sami and Layla began a scandalous affair.
Sami and Layla began a schoolyard friendship.
Sami and Layla began an affair that lasted several years.
Sami and Layla began an energetic love affair.
Sami and Layla began fighting.
Sami and Layla began flirting and spending time together.
Sami and Layla began flirting.
Sami and Layla began having an affair.
Sami and Layla began kissing.
Sami and Layla began restoring their marriage.
Sami and Layla began seeing a marriage counselor.
Sami and Layla began spending more time together.
Sami and Layla began to talk.
Sami and Layla began to withdraw from one another.
Sami and Layla believed that the rest of the world was just there for them.
Sami and Layla both became Christians.
Sami and Layla both called me.
Sami and Layla both dove for the gun.
Sami and Layla both drank alcohol.
Sami and Layla both felt like outcast.
Sami and Layla both got silent and looked at each other.
Sami and Layla both had cars.
Sami and Layla both had their own separate rooms.
Sami and Layla both knew it.
Sami and Layla both know very well who you are.
Sami and Layla both led crazy lives.
Sami and Layla both like the same kind of music.
Sami and Layla both looked at Farid.
Sami and Layla both needed someone who would understand them.
Sami and Layla both needed weed.
Sami and Layla both ordered.
Sami and Layla both said exactly the same thing.
Sami and Layla both smoke weed.
Sami and Layla both smoked weed.
Sami and Layla both started laughing at me.
Sami and Layla bought a new house.
Sami and Layla bought candles.
Sami and Layla bought strollers and baby clothing.
Sami and Layla bought the groceries together.
Sami and Layla broke out their engagement.
Sami and Layla broke up a lot.
Sami and Layla broke up in June.
Sami and Layla broke up in sophomore year.
Sami and Layla broke up last June.
Sami and Layla broke up last summer.
Sami and Layla broke up on Saturday.
Sami and Layla broke up six days ago.
Sami and Layla broke up.
Sami and Layla brought their kids.
Sami and Layla built a happy life together.
Sami and Layla built a perfect life.
Sami and Layla built a very good friendship.
Sami and Layla built the cabin together.
Sami and Layla buried their hatchet.
Sami and Layla butted heads about this.
Sami and Layla butted heads more often than not.
Sami and Layla call themselves the "Punks."
Sami and Layla called each other all kinds of horrible names.
Sami and Layla came back to his apartment.
Sami and Layla came from broken homes.
Sami and Layla came in.
Sami and Layla came out of nowhere.
Sami and Layla came out of that room together.
Sami and Layla came out of the bathroom.
Sami and Layla came outside.
Sami and Layla came to lunch with us.
Sami and Layla came to sit next to us.
Sami and Layla came to visit.
Sami and Layla came to work.
Sami and Layla camped in the jungle.
Sami and Layla camped in the middle of the jungle.
Sami and Layla can be friends.
Sami and Layla can do this now.
Sami and Layla can finally be together.
Sami and Layla can go.
Sami and Layla can keep in touch on Facebook.
Sami and Layla can make their marriage work.
Sami and Layla can speak Arabic.
Sami and Layla can talk later.
Sami and Layla can't be together.
Sami and Layla can't come to the show.
Sami and Layla can't do this anymore.
Sami and Layla cancelled their date at the last minute.
Sami and Layla cannot be together.
Sami and Layla cannot live without one another. It's called co-dependence.
Sami and Layla celebrated the New Year's countdown at a bar.
Sami and Layla celebrated their daughter's sixth birthday.
Sami and Layla changed the subject.
Sami and Layla chatted on the phone almost every day.
Sami and Layla checked in for one room with two beds.
Sami and Layla cherished their time together.
Sami and Layla chilled all the time.
Sami and Layla chilled at the gazebo.
Sami and Layla chilled outside.
Sami and Layla chilled there.
Sami and Layla chilled together.
Sami and Layla chilled.
Sami and Layla cleaned up the house together.
Sami and Layla collided.
Sami and Layla combined their households.
Sami and Layla come from different cultures.
Sami and Layla come from the same house.
Sami and Layla come from the same town.
Sami and Layla committed to attend a course of marriage coaching.
Sami and Layla communicated through dozens of long letters.
Sami and Layla conspired together to organize a defamation campaign against Farid.
Sami and Layla continued their affair.
Sami and Layla continued their conversation.
Sami and Layla continued their illicit love relationship.
Sami and Layla continued their relationship.
Sami and Layla continued their secret affair unbeknownst to their spouses.
Sami and Layla continued to comb the woods.
Sami and Layla continued to have sex after the split up.
Sami and Layla continued to see each other.
Sami and Layla could relate on different things.
Sami and Layla could stay friends.
Sami and Layla couldn't hide their passion.
Sami and Layla couldn't keep their hands off each other.
Sami and Layla couldn't make it work.
Sami and Layla couldn't pull away from their relationship.
Sami and Layla couldn't wait for the next phase in their lives. They got married just six months after they met.
Sami and Layla counted to six.
Sami and Layla danced to the Titanic song.
Sami and Layla danced together.
Sami and Layla dated for a long time.
Sami and Layla dated for six months.
Sami and Layla dated for six years.
Sami and Layla decided it was time to separate and reevaluate their marriage.
Sami and Layla decided mutually to break off the relationship.
Sami and Layla decided that they wanted to go to the movies.
Sami and Layla decided that they were going to meet at the coffee shop.
Sami and Layla decided to break up.
Sami and Layla decided to divorce.
Sami and Layla decided to do that.
Sami and Layla decided to end their affair.
Sami and Layla decided to get married as soon as they could.
Sami and Layla decided to go to the mall together.
Sami and Layla decided to go to the mall.
Sami and Layla decided to go to the movies.
Sami and Layla decided to go together.
Sami and Layla decided to go.
Sami and Layla decided to have another child.
Sami and Layla decided to raise a family in Cairo.
Sami and Layla decided to reconcile.
Sami and Layla decided to see a couples counselor.
Sami and Layla decided to see a marriage counselor.
Sami and Layla decided to separate.
Sami and Layla decided to set up a test photo shoot.
Sami and Layla decided to spend some quality time alone.
Sami and Layla decided to split up.
Sami and Layla decided to take a romantic drive on the side of the mountain.
Sami and Layla decided to talk about it.
Sami and Layla decided to try to make things work.
Sami and Layla decorated the house.
Sami and Layla definitely had some interesting times together.
Sami and Layla denied they were having an affair.
Sami and Layla developed a romantic relationship.
Sami and Layla devised a make-believe world.
Sami and Layla did a video together.
Sami and Layla did acid.
Sami and Layla did almost everything together.
Sami and Layla did an underwear photo shoot.
Sami and Layla did everything they could to preserve their family secret.
Sami and Layla did everything together.
Sami and Layla did homework together.
Sami and Layla did meth together.
Sami and Layla did meth.
Sami and Layla did not get along.
Sami and Layla did not talk at all.
Sami and Layla did really weird and flirty shit together.
Sami and Layla did something nasty.
Sami and Layla did something wrong.
Sami and Layla did that in secret.
Sami and Layla did that six times.
Sami and Layla did the same thing.
Sami and Layla did their drugs together.
Sami and Layla did their job.
Sami and Layla did their worksheets.
Sami and Layla did this.
Sami and Layla did what they always did.
Sami and Layla didn't act like typical newlyweds.
Sami and Layla didn't argue in front of the kids.
Sami and Layla didn't break off their engagement.
Sami and Layla didn't communicate.
Sami and Layla didn't do anything.
Sami and Layla didn't eat the same things.
Sami and Layla didn't even sleep in the same bed.
Sami and Layla didn't get along all the time.
Sami and Layla didn't get along.
Sami and Layla didn't go to Farid's prom.
Sami and Layla didn't go very far.
Sami and Layla didn't have any bad blood.
Sami and Layla didn't have any money.
Sami and Layla didn't have common cultural references.
Sami and Layla didn't have sex in that house.
Sami and Layla didn't hold hands.
Sami and Layla didn't interact a lot.
Sami and Layla didn't kiss.
Sami and Layla didn't know each other.
Sami and Layla didn't know that.
Sami and Layla didn't like each other.
Sami and Layla didn't live together very long.
Sami and Layla didn't live together.
Sami and Layla didn't look similar.
Sami and Layla didn't make eye contact with each other.
Sami and Layla didn't officially get a divorce.
Sami and Layla didn't pay any rent together.
Sami and Layla didn't really talk much after that.
Sami and Layla didn't see each other often.
Sami and Layla didn't see eye to eye.
Sami and Layla didn't shake hands.
Sami and Layla didn't speak for years.
Sami and Layla didn't start dating until six months later.
Sami and Layla didn't talk at all.
Sami and Layla didn't talk at the airport.
Sami and Layla didn't talk every day.
Sami and Layla didn't talk for a while.
Sami and Layla didn't talk on the flight.
Sami and Layla didn't talk to us at all.
Sami and Layla didn't talk.
Sami and Layla didn't think much of it.
Sami and Layla didn't wait long before taking things to the next level.
Sami and Layla didn't want to be around each other.
Sami and Layla didn't want to break up.
Sami and Layla didn't want to dance at the party.
Sami and Layla didn't want to go to school.
Sami and Layla didn't want to have a baby before getting married.
Sami and Layla died six years apart.
Sami and Layla died together.
Sami and Layla disappeared.
Sami and Layla discussed Farid's murder.
Sami and Layla discussed their relationship.
Sami and Layla divorced after the death of their child.
Sami and Layla divorced right after their wedding.
Sami and Layla divorced shortly thereafter having Farid.
Sami and Layla divorced.
Sami and Layla do acid.
Sami and Layla do drugs together.
Sami and Layla do drugs.
Sami and Layla do everything together.
Sami and Layla do not know each other.
Sami and Layla do spend a lot of time together.
Sami and Layla do things together.
Sami and Layla don't do shit like that.
Sami and Layla don't eat the same things.
Sami and Layla don't even care.
Sami and Layla don't even know each other.
Sami and Layla don't get along.
Sami and Layla don't give a fuck.
Sami and Layla don't go along.
Sami and Layla don't have a dog.
Sami and Layla don't have any mutual friends on Facebook.
Sami and Layla don't have passports.
Sami and Layla don't know anything about Islam.
Sami and Layla don't know each other.
Sami and Layla don't live in the same state.
Sami and Layla don't live together.
Sami and Layla don't talk about it.
Sami and Layla don't talk to each other enough.
Sami and Layla don't talk to each other like this.
Sami and Layla don't want to miss that.
Sami and Layla drank two bottles of rosé.
Sami and Layla drank wine together.
Sami and Layla dream of having children one day.
Sami and Layla dream of one day having kids.
Sami and Layla dressed the same.
Sami and Layla dressed up for Halloween.
Sami and Layla drifted apart.
Sami and Layla drifted further apart.
Sami and Layla drive the same car.
Sami and Layla drove Farid to a deserted farm.
Sami and Layla drove the same car.
Sami and Layla drove together.
Sami and Layla each had two daughters.
Sami and Layla eat lunch together.
Sami and Layla eat together.
Sami and Layla embarked on a new life.
Sami and Layla ended their affair.
Sami and Layla ended their relationship.
Sami and Layla ended up at a club that night.
Sami and Layla ended up becoming friends on Facebook.
Sami and Layla ended up binding with each other.
Sami and Layla ended up breaking up in June.
Sami and Layla ended up breaking up.
Sami and Layla ended up chilling.
Sami and Layla ended up coming to an agreement.
Sami and Layla ended up coming to some sort of an agreement.
Sami and Layla ended up dating.
Sami and Layla ended up exchanging numbers.
Sami and Layla ended up falling out.
Sami and Layla ended up fighting.
Sami and Layla ended up getting married.
Sami and Layla ended up going on two other dates after this.
Sami and Layla ended up going to prom together.
Sami and Layla ended up going to that diner.
Sami and Layla ended up leaving the club early.
Sami and Layla ended up leaving.
Sami and Layla ended up losing touch after he graduated.
Sami and Layla ended up moving.
Sami and Layla ended up parting ways.
Sami and Layla ended up talking for two straight hours at the coffee shop.
Sami and Layla ended up talking the whole night.
Sami and Layla ended up talking.
Sami and Layla enjoyed a birthday party at a restaurant.
Sami and Layla enjoyed each other's company.
Sami and Layla enjoyed this video.
Sami and Layla enjoyed to live together.
Sami and Layla established a friendship right away.
Sami and Layla eventually became friends.
Sami and Layla eventually divorced.
Sami and Layla eventually married.
Sami and Layla exchanged glances.
Sami and Layla exchanged more than a thousand love letters.
Sami and Layla exchanged numbers.
Sami and Layla exchanged some documents.
Sami and Layla exchanged some information.
Sami and Layla exchanged their Instagrams and Facebooks.
Sami and Layla exchanged their Snapchats.
Sami and Layla explored Cairo.
Sami and Layla fell asleep.
Sami and Layla fell deeper in love.
Sami and Layla fell for each other.
Sami and Layla fell in love and got married.
Sami and Layla fell in love really fast.
Sami and Layla fell in love with each other.
Sami and Layla fell madly in love.
Sami and Layla fell so madly in love.
Sami and Layla felt like they were in a dream.
Sami and Layla finally broke up in 2006.
Sami and Layla finally met up.
Sami and Layla finally moved into her new house.
Sami and Layla finished their flame once and for all.
Sami and Layla finished their pizza and went to sleep.
Sami and Layla first met at a gas station in Cairo.
Sami and Layla formed a dark alliance.
Sami and Layla fought about this.
Sami and Layla fought constantly about her pregnancy.
Sami and Layla fought for some reason.
Sami and Layla fought their final battle.
Sami and Layla found a spot to smoke weed at.
Sami and Layla found out that they couldn't have children.
Sami and Layla fucked in the bathroom.
Sami and Layla gave each other hope.
Sami and Layla gave each other kisses on the phone.
Sami and Layla gave separate accounts.
Sami and Layla generously offered to take Farid in.
Sami and Layla get along very well.
Sami and Layla get along with each other.
Sami and Layla go home together.
Sami and Layla go to church together.
Sami and Layla go to high school together.
Sami and Layla go to the beach together.
Sami and Layla go to the cafeteria together.
Sami and Layla go to the gym every Saturday.
Sami and Layla go to the mosque together.
Sami and Layla go to the same church.
Sami and Layla go to the same school.
Sami and Layla got all excited.
Sami and Layla got along a lot.
Sami and Layla got along good.
Sami and Layla got along pretty well.
Sami and Layla got along really well.
Sami and Layla got along so well.
Sami and Layla got along very well.
Sami and Layla got along.
Sami and Layla got back together just in time for Christmas.
Sami and Layla got back together.
Sami and Layla got closer.
Sami and Layla got divorced.
Sami and Layla got engaged.
Sami and Layla got hired at the same time.
Sami and Layla got in an argument in the bathroom.
Sami and Layla got in the car and left.
Sami and Layla got in the car.
Sami and Layla got intimate.
Sami and Layla got into a big fight.
Sami and Layla got into a car accident.
Sami and Layla got into a domestic altercation.
Sami and Layla got into a fight.
Sami and Layla got into a verbal argument.
Sami and Layla got into an argument.
Sami and Layla got into the car.
Sami and Layla got married a year later.
Sami and Layla got married and settled in Cairo.
Sami and Layla got married at an informal ceremony.
Sami and Layla got married in 2006.
Sami and Layla got married on a cruise.
Sami and Layla got married pretty quickly.
Sami and Layla got married young.
Sami and Layla got married.
Sami and Layla got off the bus together.
Sami and Layla got off the bus.
Sami and Layla got off work.
Sami and Layla got on the Ferris wheel and they kissed.
Sami and Layla got on the bus.
Sami and Layla got on the flight.
Sami and Layla got out of the car.
Sami and Layla got over the affair.
Sami and Layla got physical but did not have sex.
Sami and Layla got physical but didn't have sex.
Sami and Layla got really close.
Sami and Layla got really, really close.
Sami and Layla got suspended.
Sami and Layla got their dogs together.
Sami and Layla got their tickets.
Sami and Layla got there.
Sami and Layla got to know each other a little better.
Sami and Layla got to know each other even though there was a language barrier.
Sami and Layla got to the hotel.
Sami and Layla got to the mall together.
Sami and Layla got together for Christmas.
Sami and Layla got up and left.
Sami and Layla graduated together.
Sami and Layla graduated.
Sami and Layla grew close to one another.
Sami and Layla grew closer and closer.
Sami and Layla grew irritated with one another.
Sami and Layla grew suspicious of each other.
Sami and Layla grew up in church.
Sami and Layla grew up in the same hood.
Sami and Layla grew up in the same neighborhood.
Sami and Layla grew up in two different places.
Sami and Layla grew up near each other.
Sami and Layla grew up really different.
Sami and Layla grew up together.
Sami and Layla had a baby.
Sami and Layla had a beautiful conversation.
Sami and Layla had a beautiful life together.
Sami and Layla had a beautiful little family.
Sami and Layla had a big expensive wedding.
Sami and Layla had a big falling-out.
Sami and Layla had a blanket over them.
Sami and Layla had a business meeting.
Sami and Layla had a chemical romance.
Sami and Layla had a class together.
Sami and Layla had a clique in high school.
Sami and Layla had a conversation about that.
Sami and Layla had a conversation about the hijab.
Sami and Layla had a conversation about this during lunch.
Sami and Layla had a conversation at a diner.
Sami and Layla had a conversation.
Sami and Layla had a cute relationship.
Sami and Layla had a dance party.
Sami and Layla had a dysfunctional relationship.
Sami and Layla had a failed relationship.
Sami and Layla had a falling out.
Sami and Layla had a falling-out.
Sami and Layla had a family secret.
Sami and Layla had a few chats.
Sami and Layla had a fight over the gun.
Sami and Layla had a fight.
Sami and Layla had a financial relationship.
Sami and Layla had a forbidden relationship.
Sami and Layla had a fresh start.
Sami and Layla had a good conversation.
Sami and Layla had a good laugh.
Sami and Layla had a good time.
Sami and Layla had a great time together.
Sami and Layla had a happy family life.
Sami and Layla had a happy family.
Sami and Layla had a happy relationship.
Sami and Layla had a hard conversation.
Sami and Layla had a horrendous breakup.
Sami and Layla had a huge argument on campus.
Sami and Layla had a huge argument.
Sami and Layla had a kid.
Sami and Layla had a lengthy conversation.
Sami and Layla had a little argument.
Sami and Layla had a little conversation.
Sami and Layla had a little party.
Sami and Layla had a long Skype call.
Sami and Layla had a long discussion.
Sami and Layla had a long talk and they decided to give it another try.
Sami and Layla had a lot in common.
Sami and Layla had a lot of common interests.
Sami and Layla had a lot of domestic issues.
Sami and Layla had a lot of fun at the bar.
Sami and Layla had a lot of fun.
Sami and Layla had a lot of money.
Sami and Layla had a lot of time to just hang out.
Sami and Layla had a loud argument in the hallway.
Sami and Layla had a magnetic chemistry.
Sami and Layla had a movie night.
Sami and Layla had a nice dinner at her place.
Sami and Layla had a nice dinner together.
Sami and Layla had a nice dinner.
Sami and Layla had a nice house.
Sami and Layla had a nice little mobile home.
Sami and Layla had a passionate affair.
Sami and Layla had a perfect first date.
Sami and Layla had a period off.
Sami and Layla had a physical altercation.
Sami and Layla had a picture-perfect life.
Sami and Layla had a pretty weird relationship growing up.
Sami and Layla had a quick fling last summer.
Sami and Layla had a quickie.
Sami and Layla had a really good time.
Sami and Layla had a ridiculous argument that night.
Sami and Layla had a rocky relationship.
Sami and Layla had a romantic Ferris wheel moment.
Sami and Layla had a romantic dinner.
Sami and Layla had a romantic relationship.
Sami and Layla had a secret relationship.
Sami and Layla had a sexual relationship.
Sami and Layla had a simple dinner.
Sami and Layla had a six month engagement.
Sami and Layla had a sleepover at Farid's house.
Sami and Layla had a son together.
Sami and Layla had a special bond.
Sami and Layla had a stable relationship.
Sami and Layla had a staring contest.
Sami and Layla had a steak dinner.
Sami and Layla had a steamy affair.
Sami and Layla had a surprise pregnancy.
Sami and Layla had a toxic relationship.
Sami and Layla had a very active sex life.
Sami and Layla had a very different relationship.
Sami and Layla had a very flirtatious relationship.
Sami and Layla had a very good family life together.
Sami and Layla had a very heated conversation.
Sami and Layla had a very interesting conversation.
Sami and Layla had a very rocky marriage.
Sami and Layla had a very rocky relationship.
Sami and Layla had a very strong relationship.
Sami and Layla had a very toxic relationship.
Sami and Layla had a very tumultuous relationship.
Sami and Layla had a violent confrontation.
Sami and Layla had a weird relationship.
Sami and Layla had a wonderful life together.
Sami and Layla had already separated.
Sami and Layla had an X-rated conversation.
Sami and Layla had an accident.
Sami and Layla had an aha moment.
Sami and Layla had an argument about the hijab.
Sami and Layla had an argument over that.
Sami and Layla had an argument.
Sami and Layla had an excellent work relationship.
Sami and Layla had an idyllic life.
Sami and Layla had an instant connection.
Sami and Layla had an intense affair.
Sami and Layla had an intimate relationship.
Sami and Layla had an issue.
Sami and Layla had an off period together.
Sami and Layla had an on-and-off relationship.
Sami and Layla had been good friends for a long time.
Sami and Layla had breakfast together.
Sami and Layla had children.
Sami and Layla had classes together.
Sami and Layla had common friends.
Sami and Layla had confrontations about the dogs.
Sami and Layla had consensual relationships.
Sami and Layla had crazy sex.
Sami and Layla had different careers.
Sami and Layla had different mindsets about how to handle that situation.
Sami and Layla had dinner at a restaurant across the street from the hotel.
Sami and Layla had dinner together.
Sami and Layla had ended a serious relationship about a month before.
Sami and Layla had enough common interests.
Sami and Layla had five children together.
Sami and Layla had good reputations.
Sami and Layla had gym class.
Sami and Layla had instant chemistry.
Sami and Layla had kids.
Sami and Layla had known each other for a couple of years.
Sami and Layla had lunch in Cairo.
Sami and Layla had lunch.
Sami and Layla had mutual friends in common.
Sami and Layla had mutual friends.
Sami and Layla had no problem professing their love on paper.
Sami and Layla had nothing in common except smoking weed.
Sami and Layla had nothing to do.
Sami and Layla had one class together.
Sami and Layla had one last conversation before they went to sleep.
Sami and Layla had one of the biggest fights in their entire relationship.
Sami and Layla had plans to get married.
Sami and Layla had plans to go out on Halloween.
Sami and Layla had plans to go out the next night.
Sami and Layla had plans to go to that bar.
Sami and Layla had plans to meet up.
Sami and Layla had quite a serious relationship.
Sami and Layla had separate classes after lunch.
Sami and Layla had sex consensually.
Sami and Layla had sex in random places.
Sami and Layla had sex in that freezer so many times.
Sami and Layla had sex in the attic.
Sami and Layla had sex in the back of the car.
Sami and Layla had sex last night.
Sami and Layla had similar interests.
Sami and Layla had six children all under the age of twelve.
Sami and Layla had six daughters.
Sami and Layla had six kids.
Sami and Layla had so much fun in that class.
Sami and Layla had so much fun.
Sami and Layla had so much.
Sami and Layla had some dinner together then went to bed.
Sami and Layla had something in common.
Sami and Layla had that class together.
Sami and Layla had that conversation a few days later.
Sami and Layla had the same birthday.
Sami and Layla had the same blood type.
Sami and Layla had the same issues.
Sami and Layla had the same lunch period.
Sami and Layla had the same lunch periods.
Sami and Layla had the same off periods.
Sami and Layla had the same schedule.
Sami and Layla had the same training class together.
Sami and Layla had the whole house to themselves.
Sami and Layla had their first kiss at that club.
Sami and Layla had their first kiss on the bleachers of the gym.
Sami and Layla had their first kiss on the bridge.
Sami and Layla had their first kiss that night.
Sami and Layla had their own child.
Sami and Layla had their own room.
Sami and Layla had twin daughters.
Sami and Layla hang out a lot.
Sami and Layla hang out all the time.
Sami and Layla hated each other.
Sami and Layla have a Pomeranian.
Sami and Layla have a choice.
Sami and Layla have a good work relationship.
Sami and Layla have a history.
Sami and Layla have a huge announcement that they would like to share with us today.
Sami and Layla have a husky.
Sami and Layla have a joint account.
Sami and Layla have a long conversation to finish.
Sami and Layla have a lot in common.
Sami and Layla have a lot of money.
Sami and Layla have a past.
Sami and Layla have a son together.
Sami and Layla have absolutely nothing in common.
Sami and Layla have agreed on this.
Sami and Layla have already eaten dinner.
Sami and Layla have already had their first kiss.
Sami and Layla have always been there for each other.
Sami and Layla have always enjoyed walks in the park.
Sami and Layla have become friends.
Sami and Layla have been Islamically married for six months now.
Sami and Layla have been arguing on and off all Christmas day.
Sami and Layla have been arguing.
Sami and Layla have been brutally attacked by a man wielding an axe.
Sami and Layla have been communicating again.
Sami and Layla have been dating for a few months.
Sami and Layla have been dating for like a week.
Sami and Layla have been dating for six years.
Sami and Layla have been drinking.
Sami and Layla have been for months.
Sami and Layla have been friends for six years.
Sami and Layla have been fucking around for more than six months.
Sami and Layla have been hanging out for six weeks.
Sami and Layla have been holding hands.
Sami and Layla have been in an accident.
Sami and Layla have been living apart because of Sami's adulterous behavior.
Sami and Layla have been living apart since six months.
Sami and Layla have been living separately.
Sami and Layla have been living together for six months.
Sami and Layla have been married for almost six years.
Sami and Layla have been married for six years.
Sami and Layla have been married over thirty years.
Sami and Layla have been messing around for six months.
Sami and Layla have been on and off for six months.
Sami and Layla have been on and off for six years.
Sami and Layla have been practising a lot.
Sami and Layla have been talking about this for a good two hours.
Sami and Layla have been talking for a long time.
Sami and Layla have been talking for about a month.
Sami and Layla have been talking for about a week.
Sami and Layla have been talking for over six months.
Sami and Layla have been talking for six months now.
Sami and Layla have been texting.
Sami and Layla have been through a lot.
Sami and Layla have been together eight years.
Sami and Layla have been together for 16 years.
Sami and Layla have been together for a few months.
Sami and Layla have been together for almost six years.
Sami and Layla have been together for at least six years.
Sami and Layla have been together for months.
Sami and Layla have been together for six months.
Sami and Layla have been together for six years.
Sami and Layla have been together since freshman year.
Sami and Layla have been virtually inseparable.
Sami and Layla have been watching TV all afternoon.
Sami and Layla have been writing to each other for almost six years now.
Sami and Layla have broken up.
Sami and Layla have canceled dinner tonight.
Sami and Layla have dated for years and years.
Sami and Layla have different tastes when it comes to music.
Sami and Layla have eleven children.
Sami and Layla have gotten so close.
Sami and Layla have had many fights before.
Sami and Layla have just broken up.
Sami and Layla have just had a fight.
Sami and Layla have just met at the bar.
Sami and Layla have kids.
Sami and Layla have known each other for six years.
Sami and Layla have known each other since elementary school.
Sami and Layla have literally been together since middle school.
Sami and Layla have lived there forever.
Sami and Layla have luxury cars.
Sami and Layla have marital problems.
Sami and Layla have never been to that restaurant.
Sami and Layla have never had a conversation.
Sami and Layla have never had issues.
Sami and Layla have never met before.
Sami and Layla have not officially broken up.
Sami and Layla have nothing to do with each other anymore.
Sami and Layla have recently moved to their new house.
Sami and Layla have secretly gotten married.
Sami and Layla have separate fridges.
Sami and Layla have separated.
Sami and Layla have similar looking cars.
Sami and Layla have six children.
Sami and Layla have six kids.
Sami and Layla have started to drift apart.
Sami and Layla have the same friends.
Sami and Layla have the same lunch period.
Sami and Layla have the same problems.
Sami and Layla have the same schedule.
Sami and Layla have to meet.
Sami and Layla haven't discussed that already.
Sami and Layla haven't kissed yet.
Sami and Layla haven't lived together for six years.
Sami and Layla haven't said "I love you" to each other yet.
Sami and Layla haven't seen each other for like a week.
Sami and Layla haven't seen this.
Sami and Layla haven't talked in so long.
Sami and Layla haven't talked in years.
Sami and Layla haven't talked since high school.
Sami and Layla headed for a romantic weekend in Cairo.
Sami and Layla headed over to her house.
Sami and Layla heard the noise and looked at each other.
Sami and Layla held each other and prayed.
Sami and Layla helped each other.
Sami and Layla hid in the freezer.
Sami and Layla hit the year mark.
Sami and Layla hit their year mark.
Sami and Layla hitched a ride to the motel.
Sami and Layla hopped in the car.
Sami and Layla hugged.
Sami and Layla hung out a lot.
Sami and Layla hung out again soon after.
Sami and Layla hung out all day.
Sami and Layla hung out all the time.
Sami and Layla hung out at the local diner.
Sami and Layla hung out for the rest of the day.
Sami and Layla hung out together during their lunch period.
Sami and Layla hung out together for the first week of spring break.
Sami and Layla hung out together for the first week of vacation.
Sami and Layla hung out together.
Sami and Layla hung out with the group.
Sami and Layla hung out.
Sami and Layla immediately became friends.
Sami and Layla inspected the house together.
Sami and Layla intended to divorce their spouses and start a new life together.
Sami and Layla joined forces.
Sami and Layla just celebrated their 26th anniversary.
Sami and Layla just held each other and cried.
Sami and Layla just kept walking.
Sami and Layla just picked up just where they left off.
Sami and Layla just sat there in silence.
Sami and Layla just started to date.
Sami and Layla just talked.
Sami and Layla just turned sixteen.
Sami and Layla just wanted to talk.
Sami and Layla keep bickering and fighting.
Sami and Layla kept doing drugs.
Sami and Layla kept fighting.
Sami and Layla kept in contact.
Sami and Layla kept in touch after the course.
Sami and Layla kept looking at Farid.
Sami and Layla kept talking and texting.
Sami and Layla kept talking.
Sami and Layla kept texting back and forth.
Sami and Layla kept texting each other.
Sami and Layla kept their relationship platonic.
Sami and Layla kept walking.
Sami and Layla kissed on the Ferris wheel.
Sami and Layla kissed passionately.
Sami and Layla knew Farid was new.
Sami and Layla knew each other for about a year.
Sami and Layla knew each other for so long.
Sami and Layla knew each other from childhood.
Sami and Layla knew each other from church.
Sami and Layla knew each other from college.
Sami and Layla knew each other on Facebook.
Sami and Layla knew each other since high school.
Sami and Layla knew each other.
Sami and Layla knew that.
Sami and Layla knew the same people.
Sami and Layla know each other since high school.
Sami and Layla know each other so well.
Sami and Layla know each other.
Sami and Layla know how that works.
Sami and Layla know mutual friends.
Sami and Layla know mutual people.
Sami and Layla know the truth.
Sami and Layla know this, too.
Sami and Layla learned Arabic together.
Sami and Layla led an enviable life.
Sami and Layla led identical lives.
Sami and Layla left around the same time.
Sami and Layla left six weeks later.
Sami and Layla left the cafeteria together.
Sami and Layla left the club.
Sami and Layla left the office together.
Sami and Layla left the principal's office together.
Sami and Layla left the restaurant together.
Sami and Layla left, too.
Sami and Layla left.
Sami and Layla like each other.
Sami and Layla liked dogs.
Sami and Layla liked taking slow strolls in the park.
Sami and Layla listen to the same music.
Sami and Layla literally never spoke.
Sami and Layla live downtown.
Sami and Layla live half a world apart.
Sami and Layla live in Djibouti.
Sami and Layla live in Egypt.
Sami and Layla live in an apartment complex.
Sami and Layla live in separate worlds.
Sami and Layla live in the same apartment complex.
Sami and Layla live in the same apartment.
Sami and Layla live in the same block.
Sami and Layla live in the same neighborhood.
Sami and Layla live in the same room.
Sami and Layla live in the same town.
Sami and Layla live in this neighborhood.
Sami and Layla live on the same floor.
Sami and Layla live on the same island.
Sami and Layla live together.
Sami and Layla lived a world apart.
Sami and Layla lived apart.
Sami and Layla lived around the same neighborhood.
Sami and Layla lived far apart.
Sami and Layla lived in Cairo.
Sami and Layla lived in a cul-de-sac.
Sami and Layla lived in a lovely home.
Sami and Layla lived in a mansion.
Sami and Layla lived in a military town.
Sami and Layla lived in a shared house.
Sami and Layla lived in a small town.
Sami and Layla lived in the same apartment complex.
Sami and Layla lived in the same apartment.
Sami and Layla lived in the same building.
Sami and Layla lived in the same state.
Sami and Layla lived near each other.
Sami and Layla lived on the same floor.
Sami and Layla lived that way for several months.
Sami and Layla lived together for a month and a half.
Sami and Layla lived together.
Sami and Layla lived with each other for the rest of the school year.
Sami and Layla lived with each other.
Sami and Layla locked eyes.
Sami and Layla look nice.
Sami and Layla look wonderful together.
Sami and Layla looked at each other.
Sami and Layla looked very close in age.
Sami and Layla looked very young.
Sami and Layla lost touch.
Sami and Layla love each other madly.
Sami and Layla love each other.
Sami and Layla loved each other a lot.
Sami and Layla loved each other dearly.
Sami and Layla loved each other.
Sami and Layla loved playing hide-and-seek in this house.
Sami and Layla loved to do this.
Sami and Layla loved to walk together.
Sami and Layla made a good couple.
Sami and Layla made a sex tape.
Sami and Layla made a video together.
Sami and Layla made eye contact again.
Sami and Layla made eye contact for about two seconds.
Sami and Layla made eye contact.
Sami and Layla made love then fell asleep.
Sami and Layla made love.
Sami and Layla made out at parties.
Sami and Layla made out at the party.
Sami and Layla made up.
Sami and Layla make a wonderful couple.
Sami and Layla managed to repair their relationship.
Sami and Layla managed to stay together for six years, but it was a shell of a marriage.
Sami and Layla married and lived in a large home in Cairo.
Sami and Layla married and started a family.
Sami and Layla married and went to Egypt soon after.
Sami and Layla married in 1976.
Sami and Layla married just a few months.
Sami and Layla married quickly.
Sami and Layla married young.
Sami and Layla messaged each other.
Sami and Layla met a Muslim couple in Toronto.
Sami and Layla met a pair of swingers.
Sami and Layla met after class.
Sami and Layla met after dinner.
Sami and Layla met at a Bible camp.
Sami and Layla met at a bar.
Sami and Layla met at a church camp when they were teenagers.
Sami and Layla met at a local club.
Sami and Layla met at a pizza joint.
Sami and Layla met at an Ontario summer camp.
Sami and Layla met at the country club.
Sami and Layla met at the gazebo.
Sami and Layla met each other in Cairo.
Sami and Layla met each other in high school.
Sami and Layla met for a last minute planning session.
Sami and Layla met for the first time in 2006.
Sami and Layla met here at midnight.
Sami and Layla met in Christmas 1996.
Sami and Layla met in Egypt.
Sami and Layla met in college in the mid-90's.
Sami and Layla met in college.
Sami and Layla met in the summer of 2006.
Sami and Layla met nearly ten years ago and it was love at first sight for both of them.
Sami and Layla met on Facebook through a mutual friend.
Sami and Layla met on Instagram.
Sami and Layla met on Valentine's Day.
Sami and Layla met on a Cairo subway.
Sami and Layla met on a dating site.
Sami and Layla met on a school day.
Sami and Layla met on cloud nine.
Sami and Layla met on the campus.
Sami and Layla met through a dating website.
Sami and Layla met through a mutual friend.
Sami and Layla met up again before their went to work.
Sami and Layla met up at the library.
Sami and Layla met up several times a week.
Sami and Layla met up there the next morning.
Sami and Layla moved back to Cairo.
Sami and Layla moved in together and created their dream home.
Sami and Layla moved in together.
Sami and Layla moved there.
Sami and Layla moved to Cairo where they opened a comic bookstore.
Sami and Layla moved to Egypt.
Sami and Layla need to go about this the right way.
Sami and Layla need to go home now.
Sami and Layla need to go on a date.
Sami and Layla need to have a discussion about this.
Sami and Layla need to split up.
Sami and Layla need to take a break.
Sami and Layla need to talk about this.
Sami and Layla need to talk.
Sami and Layla need to watch their backs.
Sami and Layla needed a break.
Sami and Layla needed to do that together.
Sami and Layla needed to re-evaluate their marriage.
Sami and Layla needed to rebuild the trust.
Sami and Layla needed to split up to avoid capture.
Sami and Layla negotiated a divorce.
Sami and Layla never agree on anything.
Sami and Layla never argued.
Sami and Layla never became friends.
Sami and Layla never chilled and never talked.
Sami and Layla never discussed this.
Sami and Layla never exchanged numbers.
Sami and Layla never exchanged picture.
Sami and Layla never fight. They are just not that type of couple.
Sami and Layla never fought.
Sami and Layla never got together after that.
Sami and Layla never had deep conversations.
Sami and Layla never had sex in that hotel room.
Sami and Layla never held hands in public.
Sami and Layla never held hands.
Sami and Layla never hold hands.
Sami and Layla never interacted on Facebook.
Sami and Layla never interacted with each other.
Sami and Layla never kissed.
Sami and Layla never lived together.
Sami and Layla never looked at each other.
Sami and Layla never really got a chance to hung out.
Sami and Layla never really talked.
Sami and Layla never run out of conversation.
Sami and Layla never skipped school again.
Sami and Layla never talked about it again.
Sami and Layla never took pictures together.
Sami and Layla never went anywhere.
Sami and Layla no longer had gym together.
Sami and Layla occasionally e-mailed back and forth.
Sami and Layla often fought with each other.
Sami and Layla only had a verbal fight.
Sami and Layla only had sixty dollars together.
Sami and Layla only saw each other at school.
Sami and Layla ordered drinks.
Sami and Layla paid a dollar each.
Sami and Layla paid bills together.
Sami and Layla parted company.
Sami and Layla parted ways.
Sami and Layla partied every weekend.
Sami and Layla partied hard.
Sami and Layla partied together.
Sami and Layla passed the park.
Sami and Layla passed the test.
Sami and Layla pillaged Farid's house.
Sami and Layla planned their wedding in secret.
Sami and Layla play golf at the same country club.
Sami and Layla played a card game.
Sami and Layla played hide-and-seek.
Sami and Layla played scrabble.
Sami and Layla played some Scrabble.
Sami and Layla played together outside.
Sami and Layla played together.
Sami and Layla played video games in the basement.
Sami and Layla played video games together.
Sami and Layla played videogames.
Sami and Layla pray five times a day.
Sami and Layla pray together every night.
Sami and Layla pray together.
Sami and Layla prayed for Farid.
Sami and Layla prayed together.
Sami and Layla prayed with each other.
Sami and Layla pretended like nothing ever happened.
Sami and Layla pretended that they were still married.
Sami and Layla pretended that they were still together.
Sami and Layla put their cars head to head.
Sami and Layla put their differences aside.
Sami and Layla quit.
Sami and Layla raced to the soccer field.
Sami and Layla raised a family in Cairo.
Sami and Layla raised in Cairo.
Sami and Layla raised that child together.
Sami and Layla ran a busy household.
Sami and Layla ran into each other.
Sami and Layla ran off to Cairo to marry.
Sami and Layla ran outside.
Sami and Layla rarely talked.
Sami and Layla read the book together.
Sami and Layla really like Farid.
Sami and Layla really loved each other at the beginning.
Sami and Layla really needed money.
Sami and Layla really separated.
Sami and Layla reconnected that summer.
Sami and Layla reconnected.
Sami and Layla reenacted the whole scene.
Sami and Layla regretted doing that.
Sami and Layla rehearsed the scene.
Sami and Layla relocated to Cairo.
Sami and Layla remained friends.
Sami and Layla rented a house in Cairo after getting married.
Sami and Layla rented two adjoining rooms.
Sami and Layla repeated the scene.
Sami and Layla reunited.
Sami and Layla ride the same bus.
Sami and Layla rode the bus together.
Sami and Layla rode the same buses.
Sami and Layla rode together.
Sami and Layla rolled up to the party.
Sami and Layla run a small business in Cairo.
Sami and Layla said "I love you" to each other within six days of dating.
Sami and Layla said it in unison.
Sami and Layla said their prayer together.
Sami and Layla said they were friends but I was pretty sure they were smashing.
Sami and Layla sat across from each other at the table.
Sami and Layla sat at a two person table.
Sami and Layla sat at that table.
Sami and Layla sat at the gazebo.
Sami and Layla sat down and talked.
Sami and Layla sat down on a bench.
Sami and Layla sat down to have dinner.
Sami and Layla sat down.
Sami and Layla sat in a row together.
Sami and Layla sat next to each other.
Sami and Layla sat on different benches.
Sami and Layla sat on the bleachers.
Sami and Layla sat together.
Sami and Layla saw each other all the time.
Sami and Layla say they are friends but I'm pretty sure they're smashing.
Sami and Layla seemed a perfect match.
Sami and Layla seemed a perfect pair.
Sami and Layla seemed a really good match.
Sami and Layla seemed like the perfect couple.
Sami and Layla seemed like two magnets pulling towards each other.
Sami and Layla seemed the perfect couple.
Sami and Layla seemed to be in love.
Sami and Layla seemed to be tethered together.
Sami and Layla seemed to have it all.
Sami and Layla seemed to love each other.
Sami and Layla seemed to need each other.
Sami and Layla sent each other cards for holidays.
Sami and Layla sent each other text messages.
Sami and Layla separated from each other.
Sami and Layla separated.
Sami and Layla set up a robbery.
Sami and Layla set up camp here.
Sami and Layla share a room together.
Sami and Layla share the same fridge.
Sami and Layla shared a bathroom.
Sami and Layla shared a class together.
Sami and Layla shared a common bond.
Sami and Layla shared a house with his adult son, Farid.
Sami and Layla shared a mutual hatred for each other.
Sami and Layla shared a passion for firearms.
Sami and Layla shared a room together.
Sami and Layla shared a room.
Sami and Layla shared a strong bond.
Sami and Layla shared an apartment together.
Sami and Layla shared bank accounts together.
Sami and Layla shared custody of their six children.
Sami and Layla shared everything.
Sami and Layla shared information.
Sami and Layla shared the same bathroom.
Sami and Layla shared the same bedroom.
Sami and Layla shared the same car.
Sami and Layla shared the same digital camera.
Sami and Layla shared the same profession.
Sami and Layla shared the same room.
Sami and Layla shared the same toilet.
Sami and Layla shook hands.
Sami and Layla should chill.
Sami and Layla should get married.
Sami and Layla should know each other.
Sami and Layla showed support for one another.
Sami and Layla showed up together.
Sami and Layla sit next to each other.
Sami and Layla sleep in the attic.
Sami and Layla sleep in the same bed.
Sami and Layla sleep together every night.
Sami and Layla slept in separate bedrooms.
Sami and Layla slept in separate beds.
Sami and Layla slept in separate rooms.
Sami and Layla slept in the attic.
Sami and Layla slept in the car.
Sami and Layla slept in the same bed that night.
Sami and Layla slept in the same bed.
Sami and Layla slept in the same house.
Sami and Layla slept in the same tent.
Sami and Layla slept in this room.
Sami and Layla slept on the beach.
Sami and Layla slept on the couch.
Sami and Layla slept on the floor.
Sami and Layla slept together that first night.
Sami and Layla slowly started to drift apart.
Sami and Layla smiled at me.
Sami and Layla smiled.
Sami and Layla smoked weed and drank as usual.
Sami and Layla smoked weed on the Ferris wheel.
Sami and Layla sold their home.
Sami and Layla sometimes had problems while they were dating.
Sami and Layla sometimes talked on the phone.
Sami and Layla soon became inseparable.
Sami and Layla speak Arabic.
Sami and Layla speak different languages.
Sami and Layla spend twenty minutes with each other every day.
Sami and Layla spent Christmas together as a family for the sake of the children.
Sami and Layla spent Christmas together.
Sami and Layla spent a couple of years together.
Sami and Layla spent a few days in Cairo.
Sami and Layla spent a lot of their time at each other's homes.
Sami and Layla spent a lot of time together fishing.
Sami and Layla spent a lot of time together.
Sami and Layla spent a lot of weekends together.
Sami and Layla spent a volatile day of arguing.
Sami and Layla spent a week and a half together.
Sami and Layla spent every moment they could together.
Sami and Layla spent more time together.
Sami and Layla spent so much time together.
Sami and Layla spent some time together.
Sami and Layla spent the day together.
Sami and Layla spent the entire evening at home, watching television.
Sami and Layla spent the entire year dating.
Sami and Layla spent the entire year partying.
Sami and Layla spent the night at Farid's house.
Sami and Layla spent the night at a hotel.
Sami and Layla spent the night doing drugs in the bathroom.
Sami and Layla spent the night together.
Sami and Layla spent the party avoiding each other.
Sami and Layla spent the rest of their day with their friends.
Sami and Layla spent the summer of their lives in Egypt.
Sami and Layla spent their honeymoon in Egypt.
Sami and Layla spent time together.
Sami and Layla spent too much time alone without Salima.
Sami and Layla spent twenty-four hours together.
Sami and Layla spent years living apart.
Sami and Layla split for good.
Sami and Layla split off.
Sami and Layla split the funnel cake.
Sami and Layla split the light bill.
Sami and Layla split up.
Sami and Layla spoke Arabic.
Sami and Layla spoke multiple times that day.
Sami and Layla spoke some times but they never dated.
Sami and Layla spoke to each other in Arabic.
Sami and Layla started a conversation.
Sami and Layla started a convo.
Sami and Layla started a family soon afterward.
Sami and Layla started a fight.
Sami and Layla started a new church in Ontario.
Sami and Layla started a relationship.
Sami and Layla started a secret relationship that night.
Sami and Layla started an affair.
Sami and Layla started arguing again.
Sami and Layla started arguing.
Sami and Layla started becoming distant from each other.
Sami and Layla started becoming friends.
Sami and Layla started building a relationship with each other.
Sami and Layla started bumping heads.
Sami and Layla started bursting out laughing.
Sami and Layla started butting heads together.
Sami and Layla started butting heads.
Sami and Layla started dancing.
Sami and Layla started dating in June.
Sami and Layla started dating nearly 16 years ago.
Sami and Layla started dating seriously.
Sami and Layla started dating very quickly.
Sami and Layla started dating.
Sami and Layla started fighting in the car.
Sami and Layla started fighting in the hotel lobby.
Sami and Layla started fighting.
Sami and Layla started flirting casually at work.
Sami and Layla started following each other on Instagram.
Sami and Layla started following each other on social media.
Sami and Layla started freaking out.
Sami and Layla started going to church.
Sami and Layla started going to dinner together.
Sami and Layla started hanging out every day.
Sami and Layla started hanging out in middle school.
Sami and Layla started hanging out without their mutual friend.
Sami and Layla started having a relationship.
Sami and Layla started having conversations that they hadn't had in years.
Sami and Layla started having lunch together.
Sami and Layla started having this conversation at the coffee shop.
Sami and Layla started hugging.
Sami and Layla started introducing each other to their friends.
Sami and Layla started laughing.
Sami and Layla started looking at each other.
Sami and Layla started making out in the back seat.
Sami and Layla started making small talk.
Sami and Layla started meeting in secret.
Sami and Layla started messaging on Myspace.
Sami and Layla started messaging.
Sami and Layla started on their life project.
Sami and Layla started panicking.
Sami and Layla started screaming.
Sami and Layla started smoking weed.
Sami and Layla started smoking.
Sami and Layla started spending every day together.
Sami and Layla started taking acid.
Sami and Layla started talking about it.
Sami and Layla started talking about that.
Sami and Layla started talking by mid-June.
Sami and Layla started talking.
Sami and Layla started texting back and forth.
Sami and Layla started their own business.
Sami and Layla started to consider a future together.
Sami and Layla started to develop a friendship.
Sami and Layla started to drift apart.
Sami and Layla started to get to know each other really well.
Sami and Layla started to talk.
Sami and Layla started walking around the mall.
Sami and Layla started walking away.
Sami and Layla started walking.
Sami and Layla started watching the movie together.
Sami and Layla started working to save their marriage.
Sami and Layla started working together.
Sami and Layla started writing each other letters.
Sami and Layla started writing to each other.
Sami and Layla stayed at that diner until six in the morning.
Sami and Layla stayed friends for years.
Sami and Layla stayed in touch for a while.
Sami and Layla stayed in touch with Farid.
Sami and Layla stayed in touch.
Sami and Layla stayed there the whole night.
Sami and Layla stayed together for the rest of the school year.
Sami and Layla stayed together for years.
Sami and Layla stayed together.
Sami and Layla stayed very quiet.
Sami and Layla stayed with their aunt.
Sami and Layla still had their Arabic class together.
Sami and Layla still haven't heard from Farid.
Sami and Layla still live in Egypt.
Sami and Layla still live together in Cairo.
Sami and Layla still lived in that apartment.
Sami and Layla still look similar.
Sami and Layla still love each other.
Sami and Layla still loved each other.
Sami and Layla stood over the bridge.
Sami and Layla stood there.
Sami and Layla stopped at a few places.
Sami and Layla stopped at the vending machine.
Sami and Layla stopped chilling.
Sami and Layla stopped contacting each other.
Sami and Layla stopped fighting.
Sami and Layla stopped going to church.
Sami and Layla stopped going to school.
Sami and Layla stopped talking on Facebook.
Sami and Layla stopped talking.
Sami and Layla struggled to reconcile.
Sami and Layla stuck together.
Sami and Layla supported each other.
Sami and Layla survived the crash.
Sami and Layla survived the disease.
Sami and Layla swapped stories about learning to drive.
Sami and Layla swapped their stories about customers.
Sami and Layla switched shifts on Valentine's Day.
Sami and Layla take acid.
Sami and Layla talk.
Sami and Layla talked a little.
Sami and Layla talked about almost any thing.
Sami and Layla talked about everything.
Sami and Layla talked about homework.
Sami and Layla talked about how scared they both were.
Sami and Layla talked about it for a very long time.
Sami and Layla talked about it.
Sami and Layla talked about life.
Sami and Layla talked about that.
Sami and Layla talked about the kind of relationship they were going to have.
Sami and Layla talked about the price.
Sami and Layla talked about the wedding.
Sami and Layla talked about this before.
Sami and Layla talked all night.
Sami and Layla talked for a while.
Sami and Layla talked for like six hours.
Sami and Layla talked for twenty minutes.
Sami and Layla talked outside.
Sami and Layla talked the entire way to school.
Sami and Layla talked to each other about it.
Sami and Layla talked.
Sami and Layla text each other every day.
Sami and Layla texted and phoned each other.
Sami and Layla texted each other after that.
Sami and Layla texted each other emojis.
Sami and Layla think of each other as brothers.
Sami and Layla together are a recipe for disaster.
Sami and Layla told each other all about their past.
Sami and Layla too drank.
Sami and Layla took a couple of pictures together.
Sami and Layla took a shot together.
Sami and Layla took a shower together.
Sami and Layla took acid.
Sami and Layla took initiatives to make this happen.
Sami and Layla took part in an orgy.
Sami and Layla took pictures on the balcony.
Sami and Layla took steps to restore their marriage.
Sami and Layla took the same car.
Sami and Layla took their kids to the playground.
Sami and Layla took their shahada together.
Sami and Layla traveled to Cairo together.
Sami and Layla traveled.
Sami and Layla treated Farid like a son.
Sami and Layla tried ganging up on me.
Sami and Layla tried to make up.
Sami and Layla tried to rebuild their family.
Sami and Layla tried to steal from Walmart.
Sami and Layla use the same hair products.
Sami and Layla use the same microwave.
Sami and Layla use the same shower facility.
Sami and Layla used the freezer to make out.
Sami and Layla used the restaurant freezer to make out.
Sami and Layla used the same fridge.
Sami and Layla used to butt heads all the time.
Sami and Layla used to drink together.
Sami and Layla used to live together.
Sami and Layla used to picnic here.
Sami and Layla used to play together in this backyard.
Sami and Layla used to sit by each other.
Sami and Layla usually go home together.
Sami and Layla vowed to build the best life possible for their growing family.
Sami and Layla walked down along the beach.
Sami and Layla walked home together.
Sami and Layla walked into the courtroom.
Sami and Layla walked out of the kitchen.
Sami and Layla walked out together.
Sami and Layla walked out.
Sami and Layla walked to school together.
Sami and Layla want a dog.
Sami and Layla want to be in a relationship.
Sami and Layla want to break up.
Sami and Layla want to change things.
Sami and Layla want to convert to Islam.
Sami and Layla want to get together.
Sami and Layla want to go home.
Sami and Layla want to go to that bar.
Sami and Layla want to go to the mall.
Sami and Layla want to hang out.
Sami and Layla want to have six kids.
Sami and Layla want to live together.
Sami and Layla want to move on.
Sami and Layla want to remodel their house.
Sami and Layla want to talk about a couple of things.
Sami and Layla wanted a child of their own.
Sami and Layla wanted another round.
Sami and Layla wanted to be alone together.
Sami and Layla wanted to be on the same flight.
Sami and Layla wanted to be together.
Sami and Layla wanted to change rooms.
Sami and Layla wanted to chill for a little bit.
Sami and Layla wanted to chill with each other.
Sami and Layla wanted to convert to Islam.
Sami and Layla wanted to die together.
Sami and Layla wanted to do everything right.
Sami and Layla wanted to do great things together.
Sami and Layla wanted to get back together.
Sami and Layla wanted to get married on a cruise.
Sami and Layla wanted to get married.
Sami and Layla wanted to get together on the weekend.
Sami and Layla wanted to get together.
Sami and Layla wanted to go away on a second honeymoon.
Sami and Layla wanted to go back together.
Sami and Layla wanted to go to a club.
Sami and Layla wanted to go to some party.
Sami and Layla wanted to go to that bar.
Sami and Layla wanted to go to the mall.
Sami and Layla wanted to go to the same school.
Sami and Layla wanted to go together.
Sami and Layla wanted to hang out.
Sami and Layla wanted to have a beautiful wedding.
Sami and Layla wanted to have a happy life.
Sami and Layla wanted to have a romantic getaway in Egypt.
Sami and Layla wanted to have lots of children.
Sami and Layla wanted to have their privacy.
Sami and Layla wanted to have twins.
Sami and Layla wanted to keep in contact.
Sami and Layla wanted to live together.
Sami and Layla wanted to make out.
Sami and Layla wanted to mimic the movie.
Sami and Layla wanted to save their marriage.
Sami and Layla wanted to start a new group on Facebook.
Sami and Layla wanted to stay in touch.
Sami and Layla wanted to stay together for the rest of senior year.
Sami and Layla wanted to stay together.
Sami and Layla warmed up to each other.
Sami and Layla watched a film.
Sami and Layla watched a movie that night.
Sami and Layla watched a movie.
Sami and Layla watched a show.
Sami and Layla watched movies.
Sami and Layla went about their business.
Sami and Layla went ahead with a divorce.
Sami and Layla went back home.
Sami and Layla went back to the hotel.
Sami and Layla went back to the office together.
Sami and Layla went back to the party house.
Sami and Layla went camping.
Sami and Layla went clubbing.
Sami and Layla went everywhere.
Sami and Layla went fishing.
Sami and Layla went home together.
Sami and Layla went home.
Sami and Layla went in there together.
Sami and Layla went inside.
Sami and Layla went into her room together and they shut the door.
Sami and Layla went on a date.
Sami and Layla went on a field trip.
Sami and Layla went on a huge shopping trip.
Sami and Layla went on dates.
Sami and Layla went on field trips together.
Sami and Layla went on the same field trip together.
Sami and Layla went on their first date last summer.
Sami and Layla went on their second date.
Sami and Layla went on vacation.
Sami and Layla went out a couple of times.
Sami and Layla went out to celebrate their graduation.
Sami and Layla went out to dinner.
Sami and Layla went out to eat.
Sami and Layla went out to lunch.
Sami and Layla went out.
Sami and Layla went outside.
Sami and Layla went over there.
Sami and Layla went shopping together.
Sami and Layla went straight home.
Sami and Layla went their different ways.
Sami and Layla went their separate ways.
Sami and Layla went to Cairo and got married there.
Sami and Layla went to Cairo together.
Sami and Layla went to Egypt together.
Sami and Layla went to Walmart.
Sami and Layla went to a bar.
Sami and Layla went to a club that night.
Sami and Layla went to a dorm parties.
Sami and Layla went to a hotel.
Sami and Layla went to a marriage conference as a divorced couple.
Sami and Layla went to a party.
Sami and Layla went to a restaurant.
Sami and Layla went to a shooting range together.
Sami and Layla went to a steakhouse.
Sami and Layla went to another party.
Sami and Layla went to bed.
Sami and Layla went to chill at Farid's house.
Sami and Layla went to chill outside for a little bit.
Sami and Layla went to church together.
Sami and Layla went to clubs together.
Sami and Layla went to college.
Sami and Layla went to counseling.
Sami and Layla went to court.
Sami and Layla went to different clubs.
Sami and Layla went to different schools.
Sami and Layla went to family counseling.
Sami and Layla went to get lunch.
Sami and Layla went to great lengths to conceal their affair.
Sami and Layla went to have breakfast.
Sami and Layla went to high school together.
Sami and Layla went to middle school together.
Sami and Layla went to school together.
Sami and Layla went to school.
Sami and Layla went to sit down.
Sami and Layla went to sleep.
Sami and Layla went to some party.
Sami and Layla went to the basketball court.
Sami and Layla went to the bathroom together.
Sami and Layla went to the beach together.
Sami and Layla went to the beach.
Sami and Layla went to the bus stop together.
Sami and Layla went to the cafeteria together.
Sami and Layla went to the cemetery.
Sami and Layla went to the church picnic.
Sami and Layla went to the farm together.
Sami and Layla went to the football game together.
Sami and Layla went to the laundromat together.
Sami and Layla went to the laundromat.
Sami and Layla went to the lunchroom.
Sami and Layla went to the mall together.
Sami and Layla went to the mosque together.
Sami and Layla went to the mosque.
Sami and Layla went to the movies together.
Sami and Layla went to the movies.
Sami and Layla went to the office together.
Sami and Layla went to the park every day.
Sami and Layla went to the pool together.
Sami and Layla went to the same high school.
Sami and Layla went to the same movie theater.
Sami and Layla went to the swimming pool together.
Sami and Layla went to the zoo.
Sami and Layla went to their favorite restaurant.
Sami and Layla went to their lockers.
Sami and Layla went together.
Sami and Layla went trick-or-treating together.
Sami and Layla went trick-or-treating.
Sami and Layla went with Farid to the airport.
Sami and Layla were Christians coming back from a mission.
Sami and Layla were Farid's little cousins.
Sami and Layla were Muslim.
Sami and Layla were a happy couple.
Sami and Layla were a perfect match building a fairy tale life.
Sami and Layla were a perfect match.
Sami and Layla were a picture of perfection.
Sami and Layla were a picture perfect family in a picture perfect American town.
Sami and Layla were a very attractive couple.
Sami and Layla were a very cute couple.
Sami and Layla were a young married couple.
Sami and Layla were able to bond.
Sami and Layla were able to have children.
Sami and Layla were able to have lunch together.
Sami and Layla were about to be reunited.
Sami and Layla were about to get in a serious fight.
Sami and Layla were acting really, really weird.
Sami and Layla were actually very good friends.
Sami and Layla were aggressively making out.
Sami and Layla were agitated with each other.
Sami and Layla were almost inseparable.
Sami and Layla were alone together.
Sami and Layla were alone.
Sami and Layla were already friends.
Sami and Layla were already in the living room.
Sami and Layla were already planning to get married anyways.
Sami and Layla were already planning to get married.
Sami and Layla were already there.
Sami and Layla were always busy.
Sami and Layla were always in and out of each other's life.
Sami and Layla were always there for each other.
Sami and Layla were always together.
Sami and Layla were among the first freshmen to enter that brand new school.
Sami and Layla were an ambitious young couple.
Sami and Layla were arguing about a fucking three-dollar coupon.
Sami and Layla were arguing about something.
Sami and Layla were arguing about this.
Sami and Layla were arguing and yelling.
Sami and Layla were arguing at the bus stop.
Sami and Layla were arguing constantly.
Sami and Layla were arguing in the car.
Sami and Layla were arguing over the diamond ring.
Sami and Layla were arguing through their teeth.
Sami and Layla were arguing.
Sami and Layla were around each other all the time.
Sami and Layla were around the same age.
Sami and Layla were arrested for dealing cocaine.
Sami and Layla were at the beginning of their journey.
Sami and Layla were at the beginning stages of their friendship.
Sami and Layla were at the bus stop.
Sami and Layla were at the camp site.
Sami and Layla were at the gym.
Sami and Layla were at their home in Cairo.
Sami and Layla were avoiding each other.
Sami and Layla were back in each other's arms.
Sami and Layla were back on stage.
Sami and Layla were back together again.
Sami and Layla were back together.
Sami and Layla were being casual.
Sami and Layla were bickering in the back seat.
Sami and Layla were bickering.
Sami and Layla were biracial.
Sami and Layla were black.
Sami and Layla were born Muslim.
Sami and Layla were born on the sixth.
Sami and Layla were both Leo.
Sami and Layla were both Muslim.
Sami and Layla were both Muslims.
Sami and Layla were both Pisces.
Sami and Layla were both addicted to heroine.
Sami and Layla were both afraid.
Sami and Layla were both angry.
Sami and Layla were both busy.
Sami and Layla were both drinking.
Sami and Layla were both drunk.
Sami and Layla were both evolving.
Sami and Layla were both fast asleep.
Sami and Layla were both free for brunch.
Sami and Layla were both heavyset.
Sami and Layla were both in shock.
Sami and Layla were both in their pyjamas.
Sami and Layla were both infected.
Sami and Layla were both making good money.
Sami and Layla were both naked from the waste down.
Sami and Layla were both naked.
Sami and Layla were both overly tired.
Sami and Layla were both screaming.
Sami and Layla were both silent.
Sami and Layla were both single.
Sami and Layla were both sixteen.
Sami and Layla were both sleeping on the couch.
Sami and Layla were both tall.
Sami and Layla were both the same age.
Sami and Layla were both there for me.
Sami and Layla were both upstairs.
Sami and Layla were both very similar.
Sami and Layla were building a life together in Cairo.
Sami and Layla were building a life together.
Sami and Layla were building their future in Cairo.
Sami and Layla were bullied in school.
Sami and Layla were calling each other by their nicknames.
Sami and Layla were catching up about everything.
Sami and Layla were celebrating a fresh start.
Sami and Layla were celebrating.
Sami and Layla were chatting for a little bit.
Sami and Layla were children.
Sami and Layla were chilling at his house.
Sami and Layla were chilling at the bus stop.
Sami and Layla were chilling at the cafeteria.
Sami and Layla were chilling at the gym.
Sami and Layla were chilling in her house.
Sami and Layla were chilling in his apartment.
Sami and Layla were chilling in the backyard.
Sami and Layla were chilling in the basement.
Sami and Layla were chilling in the cafeteria.
Sami and Layla were chilling in the kitchen.
Sami and Layla were chilling there.
Sami and Layla were chilling.
Sami and Layla were clashing all the time.
Sami and Layla were close to Farid.
Sami and Layla were co-workers.
Sami and Layla were college kids.
Sami and Layla were coming towards us.
Sami and Layla were communicating through letters.
Sami and Layla were communicating via Facebook.
Sami and Layla were communicating via text.
Sami and Layla were competing for points.
Sami and Layla were complete enemies.
Sami and Layla were concerned.
Sami and Layla were conspiring a kidnapping.
Sami and Layla were constantly on and off.
Sami and Layla were cooking in the kitchen.
Sami and Layla were cousins.
Sami and Layla were crazy in love.
Sami and Layla were crossing the street.
Sami and Layla were crying.
Sami and Layla were dancing on the dance floor.
Sami and Layla were dancing.
Sami and Layla were dating at work.
Sami and Layla were dating.
Sami and Layla were debating something about religion.
Sami and Layla were delighted to see each other after so long.
Sami and Layla were discussing what their likes and dislikes were.
Sami and Layla were disturbing the neighbors.
Sami and Layla were divorced.
Sami and Layla were doing some contemporary dance.
Sami and Layla were doing the same thing.
Sami and Layla were doing things all the time together.
Sami and Layla were doing well.
Sami and Layla were done shopping.
Sami and Layla were done.
Sami and Layla were downstairs.
Sami and Layla were drawn to each other.
Sami and Layla were drinking tea at the gazebo.
Sami and Layla were drinking together.
Sami and Layla were drinking wine.
Sami and Layla were drinking.
Sami and Layla were driving home.
Sami and Layla were drunk as fuck.
Sami and Layla were each other's first.
Sami and Layla were eagerly awaiting the arrival of their baby.
Sami and Layla were eating and drinking coffee, having a good time.
Sami and Layla were eating and partying.
Sami and Layla were eating at McDonald's.
Sami and Layla were eating.
Sami and Layla were emotionally connected.
Sami and Layla were engaged in six weeks of dating.
Sami and Layla were enjoying themselves.
Sami and Layla were exchanging tender moments in public.
Sami and Layla were extremely intimate with each other.
Sami and Layla were face-timing.
Sami and Layla were family.
Sami and Layla were fighting a lot.
Sami and Layla were fighting about anything.
Sami and Layla were fighting about this.
Sami and Layla were fighting at the nightclub.
Sami and Layla were fighting each other.
Sami and Layla were fighting for their lives.
Sami and Layla were fighting in the backyard.
Sami and Layla were fighting on the floor.
Sami and Layla were fighting.
Sami and Layla were flirting.
Sami and Layla were floating around in the pool.
Sami and Layla were forbidden to communicated.
Sami and Layla were found kissing in a cabin.
Sami and Layla were found shot in their room.
Sami and Layla were freaked out.
Sami and Layla were freaking out.
Sami and Layla were free.
Sami and Layla were friends for ever.
Sami and Layla were friends from kindergarten.
Sami and Layla were friends from nursery.
Sami and Layla were friends with Salima.
Sami and Layla were friends with each other.
Sami and Layla were friends with that kid.
Sami and Layla were friends.
Sami and Layla were from Egypt.
Sami and Layla were fucking around with each other.
Sami and Layla were fucking in the freezer.
Sami and Layla were fucking insane.
Sami and Layla were fucking on the couch.
Sami and Layla were fucking.
Sami and Layla were genuinely scared.
Sami and Layla were getting along.
Sami and Layla were getting married.
Sami and Layla were getting ready.
Sami and Layla were getting to know each other.
Sami and Layla were giving us dirty looks.
Sami and Layla were going at each other.
Sami and Layla were going at it in the freezer.
Sami and Layla were going at it in the restaurant freezer.
Sami and Layla were going at it.
Sami and Layla were going through a divorce.
Sami and Layla were going to church.
Sami and Layla were going to dorm parties.
Sami and Layla were going to go to the opera.
Sami and Layla were going to the same high school.
Sami and Layla were hanging out and joking around.
Sami and Layla were hanging out and playing music.
Sami and Layla were hanging out at the bar.
Sami and Layla were hanging out at the bus stop.
Sami and Layla were hanging out at the gazebo.
Sami and Layla were hanging out in his room.
Sami and Layla were hanging out in the courtyard.
Sami and Layla were hanging out in the living room.
Sami and Layla were hanging out that night.
Sami and Layla were hanging out.
Sami and Layla were happily married.
Sami and Layla were happy.
Sami and Layla were having a conversation.
Sami and Layla were having a convo.
Sami and Layla were having a deep passionate affair.
Sami and Layla were having a good time after the concert.
Sami and Layla were having a good time.
Sami and Layla were having a great time.
Sami and Layla were having a nice time.
Sami and Layla were having a normal conversation.
Sami and Layla were having a party.
Sami and Layla were having a private conversation.
Sami and Layla were having a really good time.
Sami and Layla were having a very innocent date.
Sami and Layla were having an affair at the hospital.
Sami and Layla were having an innocent conversation.
Sami and Layla were having an intimate relationship.
Sami and Layla were having an issue.
Sami and Layla were having crazy sex.
Sami and Layla were having drinks.
Sami and Layla were having fun.
Sami and Layla were having lunch at a very romantic place.
Sami and Layla were having lunch by themselves.
Sami and Layla were having sex behind a dumpster.
Sami and Layla were having sex in one of the bedrooms.
Sami and Layla were having sex in the closet.
Sami and Layla were having sex in the crowd.
Sami and Layla were having sex in the freezer of the restaurant.
Sami and Layla were having sex in the next room.
Sami and Layla were having sex on the couch.
Sami and Layla were having small talk.
Sami and Layla were having so many problems.
Sami and Layla were having so much fun.
Sami and Layla were having such a good time.
Sami and Layla were having the time of their life.
Sami and Layla were having their lunch.
Sami and Layla were heading towards a divorce.
Sami and Layla were heard using the N-word.
Sami and Layla were here.
Sami and Layla were high school sweethearts.
Sami and Layla were hit with devastating news.
Sami and Layla were holding hair.
Sami and Layla were holding hands.
Sami and Layla were home alone.
Sami and Layla were hoping for some privacy.
Sami and Layla were hot for each other.
Sami and Layla were hugging and kissing.
Sami and Layla were hugging each other to preserve their body heat.
Sami and Layla were hugging each other.
Sami and Layla were hugging.
Sami and Layla were husband and wife.
Sami and Layla were in Egypt.
Sami and Layla were in a long-term relationship.
Sami and Layla were in a really serious relationship.
Sami and Layla were in a relationship.
Sami and Layla were in a serious relationship.
Sami and Layla were in a small park area.
Sami and Layla were in bed.
Sami and Layla were in college.
Sami and Layla were in different faculties.
Sami and Layla were in high school.
Sami and Layla were in love and they did crazy things.
Sami and Layla were in love with being in love.
Sami and Layla were in love with each other.
Sami and Layla were in love.
Sami and Layla were in middle school.
Sami and Layla were in separate classes.
Sami and Layla were in that office for a long portion of the day.
Sami and Layla were in the apartment.
Sami and Layla were in the car together.
Sami and Layla were in the kitchen cooking practically all day.
Sami and Layla were in the living room.
Sami and Layla were in the makeup section.
Sami and Layla were in the mall.
Sami and Layla were in the middle of an argument.
Sami and Layla were in the room the whole time.
Sami and Layla were in the same car.
Sami and Layla were in the same circle.
Sami and Layla were in the same class.
Sami and Layla were in the same row.
Sami and Layla were in the same training class.
Sami and Layla were in their Halloween costumes.
Sami and Layla were in their late sixties.
Sami and Layla were in their sixties.
Sami and Layla were in this shit together.
Sami and Layla were incoming freshmen.
Sami and Layla were incredibly drunk.
Sami and Layla were incredibly loud.
Sami and Layla were inseparable.
Sami and Layla were intimate together.
Sami and Layla were involved in a custody battle.
Sami and Layla were involved in a fairly typical marital struggle.
Sami and Layla were involved in an accident.
Sami and Layla were involved in an affair.
Sami and Layla were islamically married already.
Sami and Layla were islamically married.
Sami and Layla were joking back and forth about that.
Sami and Layla were just a ball and chain for Farid.
Sami and Layla were just arguing.
Sami and Layla were just chilling at the bus stop.
Sami and Layla were just chilling in her house.
Sami and Layla were just chilling out.
Sami and Layla were just chilling.
Sami and Layla were just friends.
Sami and Layla were just getting to know each other.
Sami and Layla were just hanging out, talking.
Sami and Layla were just hanging out.
Sami and Layla were just having small talk.
Sami and Layla were just like day and night.
Sami and Layla were just making small talk.
Sami and Layla were just not ready for mediation at this point.
Sami and Layla were just sitting around.
Sami and Layla were just sitting there and waiting.
Sami and Layla were just sitting there, chilling.
Sami and Layla were just sitting there.
Sami and Layla were just taking a break.
Sami and Layla were just talking about music.
Sami and Layla were just talking about the past.
Sami and Layla were just talking more and more.
Sami and Layla were just talking.
Sami and Layla were just window shopping.
Sami and Layla were kids.
Sami and Layla were kind to one another.
Sami and Layla were kissing at the party.
Sami and Layla were kissing in the kitchen.
Sami and Layla were kissing on the couch.
Sami and Layla were kissing passionately in the pool.
Sami and Layla were kissing passionately.
Sami and Layla were kissing.
Sami and Layla were laid to rest side by side.
Sami and Layla were late.
Sami and Layla were laughing and having a good time.
Sami and Layla were laughing.
Sami and Layla were leaving really early.
Sami and Layla were leaving.
Sami and Layla were like two magnets pulling towards each other.
Sami and Layla were literally arguing.
Sami and Layla were live on Facebook.
Sami and Layla were living a lifestyle well beyond their means.
Sami and Layla were living apart.
Sami and Layla were living downtown.
Sami and Layla were living separate lives.
Sami and Layla were living the good life in Cairo.
Sami and Layla were living their lives.
Sami and Layla were living together.
Sami and Layla were living with each other.
Sami and Layla were locked in a strange and abusive relationship.
Sami and Layla were looking at each other.
Sami and Layla were looking for the phone.
Sami and Layla were making fun of Farid.
Sami and Layla were making out at the party.
Sami and Layla were making out in the back room.
Sami and Layla were making out in the kitchen.
Sami and Layla were making out on the couch.
Sami and Layla were making out.
Sami and Layla were making plans to come together.
Sami and Layla were making up.
Sami and Layla were married at the time.
Sami and Layla were married by an imam in a mosque.
Sami and Layla were married for sixty years.
Sami and Layla were married six years later.
Sami and Layla were married.
Sami and Layla were messaging each other.
Sami and Layla were minors.
Sami and Layla were no longer together.
Sami and Layla were normal people.
Sami and Layla were not in a serious relationship.
Sami and Layla were not married.
Sami and Layla were not on good terms.
Sami and Layla were not related.
Sami and Layla were not that close.
Sami and Layla were not together.
Sami and Layla were officially dating.
Sami and Layla were on TV last night.
Sami and Layla were on different schedules.
Sami and Layla were on good terms.
Sami and Layla were on the balcony.
Sami and Layla were on the bus.
Sami and Layla were on the floor.
Sami and Layla were on the swings.
Sami and Layla were on their first date.
Sami and Layla were on their way to a party.
Sami and Layla were on their way to work.
Sami and Layla were on their way.
Sami and Layla were only fifteen or sixteen at the time.
Sami and Layla were out of each other's league.
Sami and Layla were out of high school.
Sami and Layla were out that night.
Sami and Layla were out.
Sami and Layla were outside.
Sami and Layla were partying a lot.
Sami and Layla were partying so much.
Sami and Layla were partying.
Sami and Layla were passing the park.
Sami and Layla were passionately making out.
Sami and Layla were perfect for each other.
Sami and Layla were pissed.
Sami and Layla were planning a kidnapping.
Sami and Layla were planning for a future together.
Sami and Layla were planning how their room would be.
Sami and Layla were planning on their children's names.
Sami and Layla were planning the rest of their life.
Sami and Layla were planning to meet up on Saturday.
Sami and Layla were planning to spend the holiday weekend together.
Sami and Layla were play-fighting.
Sami and Layla were playing a card game.
Sami and Layla were playing basketball in front of Farid's house.
Sami and Layla were playing checkers.
Sami and Layla were playing games.
Sami and Layla were playing hide and seek.
Sami and Layla were playing hide-and-seek.
Sami and Layla were playing in the attic.
Sami and Layla were playing pingpong.
Sami and Layla were playing video games in the basement.
Sami and Layla were playing with firecrackers.
Sami and Layla were polite with each other.
Sami and Layla were practising choreography.
Sami and Layla were pretty close.
Sami and Layla were pretty cool.
Sami and Layla were punks.
Sami and Layla were raised differently.
Sami and Layla were raising four kids of their own.
Sami and Layla were rather distant.
Sami and Layla were ready for action.
Sami and Layla were ready to take the next step.
Sami and Layla were really close.
Sami and Layla were really cool.
Sami and Layla were really excited because they were talking again.
Sami and Layla were really good friends with a couple from the church.
Sami and Layla were really good friends.
Sami and Layla were really nice people.
Sami and Layla were really scared.
Sami and Layla were reminiscing on that time.
Sami and Layla were retirees.
Sami and Layla were reunited again in their family plot at Bakir Cemetery.
Sami and Layla were reunited as a couple at last.
Sami and Layla were running around their grandma's house.
Sami and Layla were running together.
Sami and Layla were scared.
Sami and Layla were screaming at each other.
Sami and Layla were screaming on the rollercoaster.
Sami and Layla were screaming.
Sami and Layla were seeing a counselor.
Sami and Layla were seeing each other.
Sami and Layla were seen holding hands.
Sami and Layla were seen walking together.
Sami and Layla were seniors in high school.
Sami and Layla were sensing their natural chemistry.
Sami and Layla were separated.
Sami and Layla were servers.
Sami and Layla were serving shots.
Sami and Layla were sharing a room.
Sami and Layla were shocked.
Sami and Layla were shoveling the path.
Sami and Layla were siblings.
Sami and Layla were silent.
Sami and Layla were singing.
Sami and Layla were single at the time.
Sami and Layla were single.
Sami and Layla were sitting at lunch together.
Sami and Layla were sitting in complete silence.
Sami and Layla were sitting in the living room, watching TV.
Sami and Layla were sitting next to each other, doing their own thing.
Sami and Layla were sitting on a bench.
Sami and Layla were sitting on the couch, watching a show.
Sami and Layla were sitting side by side on the sofa.
Sami and Layla were sitting there.
Sami and Layla were sitting together.
Sami and Layla were six years apart.
Sami and Layla were sleeping.
Sami and Layla were slurring their words.
Sami and Layla were smashing on the couch.
Sami and Layla were smashing.
Sami and Layla were smiling at each other.
Sami and Layla were smiling.
Sami and Layla were smoking at the gazebo.
Sami and Layla were smoking the hookah.
Sami and Layla were smoking weed together.
Sami and Layla were smoking weed.
Sami and Layla were smoking.
Sami and Layla were so close.
Sami and Layla were so confused.
Sami and Layla were so excited.
Sami and Layla were so friends.
Sami and Layla were so nervous.
Sami and Layla were so nice.
Sami and Layla were soon inseparable.
Sami and Layla were spending a lot of time together.
Sami and Layla were spending as much time together as they could.
Sami and Layla were spilling some tea.
Sami and Layla were split up and moved to foster care.
Sami and Layla were standing by the door.
Sami and Layla were standing in a line.
Sami and Layla were standing on the patio, talking.
Sami and Layla were staring at each other.
Sami and Layla were still at the house.
Sami and Layla were still married when he started sleeping with Salima.
Sami and Layla were still talking about that.
Sami and Layla were still together.
Sami and Layla were still up.
Sami and Layla were stuck waiting.
Sami and Layla were studying.
Sami and Layla were sucking each other's faces.
Sami and Layla were sucking face in the back seat.
Sami and Layla were sucking face on the couch.
Sami and Layla were super nice.
Sami and Layla were supporting one another.
Sami and Layla were swimming in the pool.
Sami and Layla were swingers.
Sami and Layla were taking a moonlight walk in the park.
Sami and Layla were taking about us.
Sami and Layla were taking pictures of each other.
Sami and Layla were taking pictures.
Sami and Layla were taking shots.
Sami and Layla were taking their lunches at a cozy hotel.
Sami and Layla were talking a shower together.
Sami and Layla were talking about a donation he was going to make for an environmental project.
Sami and Layla were talking about birthdays.
Sami and Layla were talking about cars and Farid was chiming in as well.
Sami and Layla were talking about college.
Sami and Layla were talking about philosophy.
Sami and Layla were talking about something.
Sami and Layla were talking about that.
Sami and Layla were talking about their weekend plans.
Sami and Layla were talking all day.
Sami and Layla were talking and laughing.
Sami and Layla were talking at the gazebo.
Sami and Layla were talking for hours.
Sami and Layla were talking in the kitchen.
Sami and Layla were talking like they were dating.
Sami and Layla were talking more and more.
Sami and Layla were talking shit.
Sami and Layla were talking.
Sami and Layla were technically dating.
Sami and Layla were texting all night.
Sami and Layla were texting around the clock.
Sami and Layla were texting back and forth.
Sami and Layla were texting each other every day.
Sami and Layla were texting every single day.
Sami and Layla were texting.
Sami and Layla were the only one's home.
Sami and Layla were the only other people in the house.
Sami and Layla were the only people who knew how to do this job.
Sami and Layla were the perfect couple.
Sami and Layla were the same age.
Sami and Layla were there.
Sami and Layla were tired all the time.
Sami and Layla were tired of this.
Sami and Layla were together all the time.
Sami and Layla were together everywhere.
Sami and Layla were together for a few months then they broke up.
Sami and Layla were together for years.
Sami and Layla were together in her room.
Sami and Layla were together.
Sami and Layla were too drunk to drive home.
Sami and Layla were touching each other.
Sami and Layla were traveling together.
Sami and Layla were trick-or-treating.
Sami and Layla were tried together.
Sami and Layla were trying to avoid each other.
Sami and Layla were trying to conspire against Farid.
Sami and Layla were trying to do the same thing.
Sami and Layla were trying to scare each other.
Sami and Layla were trying to sneak out.
Sami and Layla were trying to talk about it.
Sami and Layla were up.
Sami and Layla were upset with each other.
Sami and Layla were vegans.
Sami and Layla were very close to each other.
Sami and Layla were very close.
Sami and Layla were very compatible.
Sami and Layla were very distant to each other.
Sami and Layla were very good friends.
Sami and Layla were very happy together.
Sami and Layla were very happy.
Sami and Layla were very in love.
Sami and Layla were very much in love.
Sami and Layla were very well known.
Sami and Layla were very, very close friends.
Sami and Layla were waiting for the bus together.
Sami and Layla were waiting for their movie to start.
Sami and Layla were waiting in line.
Sami and Layla were walking across a field.
Sami and Layla were walking and talking.
Sami and Layla were walking arm in arm.
Sami and Layla were walking around Walmart.
Sami and Layla were walking down the hallway, saying hi to everybody.
Sami and Layla were walking down the hallway, walking hands.
Sami and Layla were walking down the street.
Sami and Layla were walking in a line.
Sami and Layla were walking in the hallway together.
Sami and Layla were walking separately.
Sami and Layla were walking their dogs in the park.
Sami and Layla were walking together.
Sami and Layla were walking.
Sami and Layla were watching TV in the living room.
Sami and Layla were watching YouTube together.
Sami and Layla were watching YouTube videos.
Sami and Layla were watching a movie.
Sami and Layla were watching movies.
Sami and Layla were watching this.
Sami and Layla were wearing masks.
Sami and Layla were wearing the exact same mask.
Sami and Layla were wearing the same shoes.
Sami and Layla were weirdos.
Sami and Layla were well respected members of their community.
Sami and Layla were willing to go to counseling.
Sami and Layla were with Farid last night.
Sami and Layla were working hard.
Sami and Layla were working on different projects together.
Sami and Layla were working on meshing their families.
Sami and Layla were working on that project.
Sami and Layla were working so hard.
Sami and Layla were working together.
Sami and Layla were working.
Sami and Layla were worried about Farid.
Sami and Layla were yelling at each other.
Sami and Layla were young.
Sami and Layla weren't attracted to each other anymore.
Sami and Layla weren't blood-related.
Sami and Layla weren't doing anything.
Sami and Layla weren't in a relationship at the time.
Sami and Layla weren't in a serious relationship.
Sami and Layla weren't married.
Sami and Layla weren't on good terms.
Sami and Layla weren't paying attention to what Farid was doing.
Sami and Layla weren't related to each other.
Sami and Layla weren't related.
Sami and Layla weren't scheduled together.
Sami and Layla weren't talking about the weather.
Sami and Layla weren't talking to each other.
Sami and Layla weren't talking to me.
Sami and Layla weren't talking.
Sami and Layla weren't that close.
Sami and Layla will be able to make it.
Sami and Layla will be able to walk through anything in life.
Sami and Layla will be working together tomorrow.
Sami and Layla will end up in hell, too.
Sami and Layla will go to a restaurant.
Sami and Layla will have a lot of fun.
Sami and Layla will have to camp there.
Sami and Layla will remain friends.
Sami and Layla will see each other tomorrow.
Sami and Layla will stay in jail for the rest of their lives.
Sami and Layla will stay together.
Sami and Layla will talk about this later.
Sami and Layla will talk later.
Sami and Layla will talk.
Sami and Layla wished each other a merry Christmas.
Sami and Layla work at a club.
Sami and Layla work at the same mall.
Sami and Layla work for the same company.
Sami and Layla worked and played.
Sami and Layla worked at an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami and Layla worked at the same restaurant.
Sami and Layla worked hard to save their marriage.
Sami and Layla worked hard.
Sami and Layla worked together multiple times.
Sami and Layla worked together on a paid project.
Sami and Layla worked together six times.
Sami and Layla worked together.
Sami and Layla worked very hard.
Sami and Layla would always argue and yell.
Sami and Layla would always argue.
Sami and Layla would argue a lot.
Sami and Layla would barely sleep together in the same bed.
Sami and Layla would check on each other.
Sami and Layla would fight about how to handle their son, Farid.
Sami and Layla would fight every day.
Sami and Layla would flirt on Facebook.
Sami and Layla would get together as much as they could.
Sami and Layla would go for a long time without talking.
Sami and Layla would go to parties.
Sami and Layla would hang out every single day.
Sami and Layla would joke about it.
Sami and Layla would pretend to be figures of the Medieval history world.
Sami and Layla would see each other all the time.
Sami and Layla would spend a lot of time together in her room.
Sami and Layla would talk all the time.
Sami and Layla would text all time.
Sami and Layla would watch movies together.
Sami and Layla would watch videos together.
Sami and Layla wrote letters to each other.
Sami and Layla's affair had to be kept a very close secret.
Sami and Layla's affair is the elephant in the room. You can't ignore the obvious.
Sami and Layla's affair lasted several years.
Sami and Layla's affair lasted six weeks.
Sami and Layla's affair remained a secret.
Sami and Layla's affair turned into a raging wildfire.
Sami and Layla's affair was short-lived.
Sami and Layla's affair was still going on.
Sami and Layla's argument went too far.
Sami and Layla's arguments continued.
Sami and Layla's arguments often ended violently.
Sami and Layla's attraction to each other was enormously intense.
Sami and Layla's baby is so premature that they can't even hold it.
Sami and Layla's children fought like cats and dogs.
Sami and Layla's communication is church business.
Sami and Layla's conflict led to a brutal ending.
Sami and Layla's confrontation turned violent.
Sami and Layla's conversation got deeper.
Sami and Layla's conversation took a weird turn.
Sami and Layla's conversation was getting a little bit too personal.
Sami and Layla's date was really romantic.
Sami and Layla's dispute span out of control.
Sami and Layla's divorce lasted longer than their marriage.
Sami and Layla's emotional connection remained unbreakable.
Sami and Layla's encounters were limited to their workplace.
Sami and Layla's eyes met.
Sami and Layla's friendship grew.
Sami and Layla's friendship kind of died down.
Sami and Layla's friendship kind of dwindled.
Sami and Layla's friendship was rekindled.
Sami and Layla's happy marriage was concealing a terrifying truth.
Sami and Layla's honeymoon is over.
Sami and Layla's lives were headed in the right direction.
Sami and Layla's love was impossible.
Sami and Layla's marriage ended.
Sami and Layla's marriage flourished.
Sami and Layla's marriage is happy and healthy.
Sami and Layla's marriage is strong now.
Sami and Layla's marriage produced six boys.
Sami and Layla's marriage started like a match made in hell.
Sami and Layla's marriage was failing.
Sami and Layla's marriage was flourishing.
Sami and Layla's marriage was in shambles.
Sami and Layla's marriage was on the brink of divorce.
Sami and Layla's partnership came to an explosive end.
Sami and Layla's pious marriage was hiding a multitude of sins.
Sami and Layla's relationship became romantic.
Sami and Layla's relationship became sexual.
Sami and Layla's relationship became stronger.
Sami and Layla's relationship became twisted.
Sami and Layla's relationship blossomed.
Sami and Layla's relationship deteriorated.
Sami and Layla's relationship didn't work out.
Sami and Layla's relationship evolved into a hot and steamy affair.
Sami and Layla's relationship got really toxic.
Sami and Layla's relationship got ugly in the end.
Sami and Layla's relationship had a long and complicated history.
Sami and Layla's relationship has been completely transformed.
Sami and Layla's relationship has changed.
Sami and Layla's relationship is so toxic.
Sami and Layla's relationship lasted for a little more than a year.
Sami and Layla's relationship lost all trust.
Sami and Layla's relationship needed to end.
Sami and Layla's relationship problems started to create some tension at the office.
Sami and Layla's relationship quickly blossomed.
Sami and Layla's relationship quickly fell apart.
Sami and Layla's relationship reignited.
Sami and Layla's relationship seemed to blossom.
Sami and Layla's relationship started to deteriorate.
Sami and Layla's relationship sucks.
Sami and Layla's relationship was interesting.
Sami and Layla's relationship was long, happy, and successful.
Sami and Layla's relationship was so toxic.
Sami and Layla's relationship wasn't OK.
Sami and Layla's relationship went back to normal.
Sami and Layla's romance turned sour.
Sami and Layla's romance was almost over.
Sami and Layla's scuffle became intense inside the car.
Sami and Layla's separation had a huge impact on the kids.
Sami and Layla's separation hasn't been easy.
Sami and Layla's sex life diminished.
Sami and Layla's shouting match quickly escalated into a violent physical altercation.
Sami and Layla's squabble was about to turn nuclear.
Sami and Layla's story began here.
Sami and Layla's story isn't going to end well.
Sami and Layla's toxic relationship needed to end.
Sami and Layla's twentieth anniversary is just around the corner.
Sami and Layla's wedding anniversary was just a few weeks away.
Sami and Liza were Mormons.
Sami and Majid were both gay.
Sami and Vladimir live together in Moscow.
Sami and Vladimir met in Moscow and moved to Australia to start a life together.
Sami and all his brothers and sisters slept in one room together.
Sami and girlfriend are getting married this summer.
Sami and his brothers were born on the sixth of a month.
Sami and his children shared the same bed.
Sami and his classmates were dissecting a mouse.
Sami and his co-workers had a really quick meeting.
Sami and his co-workers made Layla feel really left-out.
Sami and his co-workers piled in the car and left.
Sami and his co-workers really felt like a family.
Sami and his co-workers were having a meeting in the back of the room.
Sami and his co-workers were in a circle.
Sami and his company came to a settlement.
Sami and his cousins were crammed into one hotel room.
Sami and his dog waited outside.
Sami and his fiancée worked at Walmart.
Sami and his friends almost died.
Sami and his friends ambushed Farid's gang.
Sami and his friends are a bunch of clowns.
Sami and his friends are dicks.
Sami and his friends are losers.
Sami and his friends are playing pool.
Sami and his friends came over to Layla's house.
Sami and his friends loved to help one another.
Sami and his friends started fighting.
Sami and his friends were all crammed up in that elevator.
Sami and his friends were all talking.
Sami and his friends were loud.
Sami and his friends were outnumbered.
Sami and his friends were under suspicion.
Sami and his friends were watching the news in the lounge.
Sami and his girlfriend are getting married.
Sami and his identical twin, Farid, dressed identically.
Sami and his identical twin, Farid, grew up thinking themselves as one entity.
Sami and his kids sat around.
Sami and his mom didn't speak for a couple of days.
Sami and his mom didn't speak to each other for six weeks.
Sami and his mother did not get on.
Sami and his neighbors raised money to support Layla.
Sami and his neighbors rallied to support Layla.
Sami and his siblings got together for the Christmas party.
Sami and his siblings grew up in an abusive home.
Sami and his sister are old enough to be on their own.
Sami and his sister didn't want to be separated.
Sami and his sister would not eat.
Sami and his sisters were very close.
Sami and his son Karim were two alpha dogs fighting at home.
Sami and his son work together.
Sami and his teammates gave each other nicknames.
Sami and his twin sisters came home.
Sami and his wife have no children.
Sami and his wife love music.
Sami and me were best friends.
Sami and my mom have broken up.
Sami and six other boys got suspended.
Sami and the maintenance guy were in the attic.
Sami and the other kids got separated in age groups.
Sami and you have everything in common.
Sami angrily denied he was in Layla's apartment that night.
Sami announced to Layla that he wanted a divorce.
Sami annoyed Layla with that story.
Sami anonymously reported the drug dealer.
Sami answered Layla's call.
Sami answered Layla's questions.
Sami answered Layla's text.
Sami answered all my questions.
Sami answered all the questions.
Sami answered an ad in a magazine.
Sami answered e-mails.
Sami answered his phone.
Sami answered my question.
Sami answered some of my questions.
Sami answered some personal questions.
Sami answered the call and it was Layla.
Sami answered the call and it was a girl.
Sami answered the call.
Sami answered the door.
Sami answered the phone and heard a female voice on the other end.
Sami answered the phone and said "hello" and there was nothing on the other end.
Sami answered the phone.
Sami answered the question logically and simply.
Sami answered the question right.
Sami answered the question wrong.
Sami answered the question.
Sami answered the questions.
Sami answered the unknown number call.
Sami answers the phone.
Sami apologized about that.
Sami apologized about what happened earlier.
Sami apologized and things got better.
Sami apologized for everything.
Sami apologized for making that video.
Sami apologized for that.
Sami apologized for the word.
Sami apologized for what he did.
Sami apologized for what he had done.
Sami apologized on Layla's behalf.
Sami apologized over something he didn't do.
Sami apologized profusely.
Sami apologized to Farid's girlfriend.
Sami apologized to Layla for accusing her of stealing his watch.
Sami apologized to Layla in front of the managers.
Sami apologized to Layla's boyfriend.
Sami apologized to Layla's family during the sentencing.
Sami apologized to Layla's family.
Sami apologized to Layla.
Sami apologized to every single one of those students.
Sami apologized to her.
Sami apologized to his girlfriend.
Sami apologized to his viewers.
Sami apologized to me.
Sami apologized to the principal.
Sami apologized.
Sami apparently committed suicide.
Sami apparently had a sister in Egypt.
Sami apparently never had cancer.
Sami appeared agitated.
Sami appeared and defended Layla.
Sami appeared at the counter.
Sami appeared dazed and confused.
Sami appeared he had been stabbed multiple times.
Sami appeared to be drunk.
Sami appeared to be flirting with a girl at the pool.
Sami appeared to be pretty incoherent.
Sami appeared to be very upset.
Sami appeared to have a perfect life.
Sami appeared without the children.
Sami appeared.
Sami applied and got hired.
Sami applied at Walmart.
Sami applied at that company.
Sami applied for a different high school.
Sami applied for a reverse mortgage to renovate his house.
Sami applied for a social security card.
Sami applied for that job.
Sami applied for that position.
Sami applied for the job online.
Sami applied for the job.
Sami applied online.
Sami applied to Walmart.
Sami applied to a middle school to teach there.
Sami applied to a middle school to work there.
Sami applied to law school.
Sami appreciated Layla's apology.
Sami appreciated Layla's company.
Sami appreciated Layla's generosity.
Sami appreciated that.
Sami appreciated what Layla did.
Sami appreciated working with us.
Sami appreciates that.
Sami appreciates your love and support so much.
Sami approached Layla and me and greeted us.
Sami approached Layla's home.
Sami approached Layla.
Sami approached his children.
Sami approached his daughter for sex.
Sami approached out table.
Sami approached that girl.
Sami approached the customer and asked him what he was looking for.
Sami approached the girl.
Sami approached us.
Sami approached, pulled his gun out and fired once into Farid's heart.
Sami approached.
Sami argued with Layla over this stupid shit.
Sami argued with a rude customer.
Sami argued with the cashier and made everyone in the line wait.
Sami argued with the gate agent.
Sami arranged Layla's murder.
Sami arranged for someone to look after his children while he was in jail.
Sami arranged to have Layla killed.
Sami arranged to meet Detective Bakir to tell him about that.
Sami arrived almost immediately.
Sami arrived and clocked in.
Sami arrived at Layla's apartment.
Sami arrived at Layla's home on the promise of a sexual adventure.
Sami arrived at Layla's house.
Sami arrived at the family home at six o'clock.
Sami arrived at the farmhouse.
Sami arrived at the hotel.
Sami arrived at work.
Sami arrived back in Cairo.
Sami arrived earlier than expected.
Sami arrived for his appointment.
Sami arrived for his visitation day.
Sami arrived home at midnight.
Sami arrived home.
Sami arrived in Egypt and it was beautiful.
Sami arrived in Egypt.
Sami arrived in the apartment.
Sami arrived in the clinic.
Sami arrived late last night.
Sami arrived safely on the Egyptian border.
Sami arrived there.
Sami arrived with six other people.
Sami arrived.
Sami ascended the minbar to deliver the khutbah.
Sami asked Allah to give him patience.
Sami asked Allah to give him this.
Sami asked Fadil for the direction of the Qibla.
Sami asked Farid about how life behind bars was.
Sami asked Farid to be his roommate.
Sami asked Farid to come get his luggage.
Sami asked Farid to go check on Layla.
Sami asked God for His strength.
Sami asked God for forgiveness.
Sami asked God to forgive him.
Sami asked God to give him patience.
Sami asked God to help him.
Sami asked God to protect him.
Sami asked Layla a bunch of questions.
Sami asked Layla a perplexing question.
Sami asked Layla a question.
Sami asked Layla a surprising question.
Sami asked Layla a thousand times a day about that.
Sami asked Layla about it.
Sami asked Layla about that himself.
Sami asked Layla about that several times.
Sami asked Layla advice.
Sami asked Layla and Farid to have another meeting.
Sami asked Layla direct questions.
Sami asked Layla for a divorce.
Sami asked Layla for a picture.
Sami asked Layla for advice.
Sami asked Layla for help.
Sami asked Layla for her Facebook.
Sami asked Layla for her Instagram.
Sami asked Layla for her number.
Sami asked Layla for her phone number.
Sami asked Layla for money.
Sami asked Layla for nudes.
Sami asked Layla for sexual favors.
Sami asked Layla how old she was and she didn't tell him.
Sami asked Layla how she felt about being a Muslim.
Sami asked Layla how she got that diamond ring.
Sami asked Layla how she had sex with girls.
Sami asked Layla how the photo shoot went.
Sami asked Layla if he could borrow more money.
Sami asked Layla if he could pet her dog.
Sami asked Layla if he could sit there.
Sami asked Layla if he could use her car.
Sami asked Layla if she could babysit his kid for her.
Sami asked Layla if she had a boyfriend.
Sami asked Layla if she had jumper cables.
Sami asked Layla if she knew Farid.
Sami asked Layla if she knew that guy.
Sami asked Layla if she smoked weed.
Sami asked Layla if she wanted to chill.
Sami asked Layla if she wanted to come inside and she said yes.
Sami asked Layla if she was in a gang.
Sami asked Layla if she was serious.
Sami asked Layla if she was virgin.
Sami asked Layla later.
Sami asked Layla not to go down there.
Sami asked Layla not to go into that basement.
Sami asked Layla not to leave.
Sami asked Layla not to message him anymore.
Sami asked Layla not to talk that way.
Sami asked Layla not to talk to Farid.
Sami asked Layla not to tell Farid.
Sami asked Layla not to tell Salima that she saw him in a singles' bar.
Sami asked Layla not to tell him anything else.
Sami asked Layla not to text him again.
Sami asked Layla not to touch the box that was in the front seat.
Sami asked Layla not to treat him like a child.
Sami asked Layla of Farid was OK.
Sami asked Layla really weird questions.
Sami asked Layla simple questions.
Sami asked Layla some questions about her professional experience.
Sami asked Layla some questions.
Sami asked Layla straight questions.
Sami asked Layla the same question over and over again.
Sami asked Layla to babysit his child.
Sami asked Layla to be his assistant.
Sami asked Layla to be quiet.
Sami asked Layla to become a film consultant.
Sami asked Layla to call Farid.
Sami asked Layla to call him when she got back to Cairo.
Sami asked Layla to call him.
Sami asked Layla to cash the check.
Sami asked Layla to change her pose.
Sami asked Layla to click on the "subscribe" button.
Sami asked Layla to close the attic.
Sami asked Layla to close the door.
Sami asked Layla to come and pick him up.
Sami asked Layla to come back home.
Sami asked Layla to come out and help him.
Sami asked Layla to come over and help.
Sami asked Layla to come over.
Sami asked Layla to come to his desk.
Sami asked Layla to come to his office.
Sami asked Layla to confirm her license plate number.
Sami asked Layla to confirm that that did happen and she did.
Sami asked Layla to crack the door open.
Sami asked Layla to do him a favor.
Sami asked Layla to drive him home.
Sami asked Layla to drive.
Sami asked Layla to explain that to him.
Sami asked Layla to fix the door.
Sami asked Layla to follow him on Twitter.
Sami asked Layla to get out.
Sami asked Layla to give him a blow job in exchange of a pack of cigarettes.
Sami asked Layla to give him a blow job.
Sami asked Layla to give him a ride home.
Sami asked Layla to give him a ride.
Sami asked Layla to give him a sucky suck.
Sami asked Layla to give him all her cookies.
Sami asked Layla to give him head.
Sami asked Layla to give him her number.
Sami asked Layla to give him his money back.
Sami asked Layla to go and get his CD's.
Sami asked Layla to go in the house.
Sami asked Layla to go on a date with him.
Sami asked Layla to go on another date with him.
Sami asked Layla to go out with him again.
Sami asked Layla to go to his house to get her gift.
Sami asked Layla to go to that show.
Sami asked Layla to go to the back office.
Sami asked Layla to go with him.
Sami asked Layla to help him and she of course obliged.
Sami asked Layla to help him dye his hair.
Sami asked Layla to help him get a few things down from the attic.
Sami asked Layla to help him out.
Sami asked Layla to help him.
Sami asked Layla to hurry up.
Sami asked Layla to kill him.
Sami asked Layla to kill his father.
Sami asked Layla to leave Salima alone.
Sami asked Layla to leave him alone.
Sami asked Layla to leave him completely alone.
Sami asked Layla to leave his room.
Sami asked Layla to leave the band.
Sami asked Layla to leave.
Sami asked Layla to let him know when she was free.
Sami asked Layla to let him see her tattoo.
Sami asked Layla to let him talk to Salima.
Sami asked Layla to listen to his story.
Sami asked Layla to look at him.
Sami asked Layla to manage the company accounts.
Sami asked Layla to meet him at the bridge.
Sami asked Layla to meet him in person.
Sami asked Layla to move out that night.
Sami asked Layla to move out.
Sami asked Layla to move to Cairo.
Sami asked Layla to open the door.
Sami asked Layla to pass him the bottle.
Sami asked Layla to pass that message on to Farid.
Sami asked Layla to pay for it.
Sami asked Layla to pay him in cash.
Sami asked Layla to pay him.
Sami asked Layla to pick him up from the mall.
Sami asked Layla to pick him up.
Sami asked Layla to play with us.
Sami asked Layla to prove his claims.
Sami asked Layla to pull over.
Sami asked Layla to put his logo in her video.
Sami asked Layla to read that book.
Sami asked Layla to read that to him one more time.
Sami asked Layla to reconsider.
Sami asked Layla to remove her video from YouTube.
Sami asked Layla to renew the lease for him.
Sami asked Layla to say something.
Sami asked Layla to scratch his back.
Sami asked Layla to send him a sexy photo.
Sami asked Layla to send him her picture.
Sami asked Layla to send him pictures.
Sami asked Layla to sit on his lap.
Sami asked Layla to speak in a bitchy way.
Sami asked Layla to stay away from him.
Sami asked Layla to stop controlling his life.
Sami asked Layla to stop doing that.
Sami asked Layla to stop e-mailing him.
Sami asked Layla to stop following him.
Sami asked Layla to stop it.
Sami asked Layla to stop joking.
Sami asked Layla to stop talking to him about that.
Sami asked Layla to stop talking.
Sami asked Layla to stop that.
Sami asked Layla to stop the car.
Sami asked Layla to stop.
Sami asked Layla to straighten her hair.
Sami asked Layla to take a pregnancy test.
Sami asked Layla to take good care of their daughters.
Sami asked Layla to take her hijab off.
Sami asked Layla to take her top off.
Sami asked Layla to take him home.
Sami asked Layla to take the pregnancy test again.
Sami asked Layla to take the trash out.
Sami asked Layla to tell him a story.
Sami asked Layla to tell him the story again in her words.
Sami asked Layla to text him.
Sami asked Layla to the movies.
Sami asked Layla to turn the fire alarm off.
Sami asked Layla to wait for him.
Sami asked Layla to wait outside.
Sami asked Layla to wait.
Sami asked Layla to wake him up.
Sami asked Layla to watch that video.
Sami asked Layla to wear that leash.
Sami asked Layla to work for him.
Sami asked Layla very offensive questions.
Sami asked Layla weird questions.
Sami asked Layla what color was her bra.
Sami asked Layla what her name was.
Sami asked Layla what she was crying about.
Sami asked Layla what she was doing there.
Sami asked Layla what the cross meant.
Sami asked Layla what was going on.
Sami asked Layla what was her ethnicity.
Sami asked Layla where his money was.
Sami asked Layla where she got her wedding dress from.
Sami asked Layla where she lived.
Sami asked Layla where she met that guy.
Sami asked Layla where she was going.
Sami asked Layla who she was with.
Sami asked Layla who that little girl was.
Sami asked Layla why and she told him.
Sami asked Layla why she had left him.
Sami asked Layla why she was crying.
Sami asked Layla why she was there.
Sami asked Layla why she was up so late.
Sami asked Layla.
Sami asked Majid to kill his wife.
Sami asked a cop to drop him home.
Sami asked a lot of questions.
Sami asked a ton of different questions.
Sami asked a very good question.
Sami asked everyone to leave him alone.
Sami asked for God's protection.
Sami asked for Layla's address.
Sami asked for Layla's help.
Sami asked for Layla's opinion.
Sami asked for Layla's phone.
Sami asked for Layla's school ID number.
Sami asked for a copy of the Quran.
Sami asked for a drink.
Sami asked for an activation code.
Sami asked for an attorney.
Sami asked for cash.
Sami asked for help.
Sami asked for helped.
Sami asked for his money back.
Sami asked for his mother's help.
Sami asked for money all the time.
Sami asked for money to get out of town.
Sami asked for more details.
Sami asked for permission.
Sami asked for some Layla.
Sami asked for some help.
Sami asked for some water.
Sami asked for something else.
Sami asked for that.
Sami asked for the money back.
Sami asked for the name of a restaurant.
Sami asked for the name of the general manager.
Sami asked for water again.
Sami asked himself that question.
Sami asked his best friend, Farid, to be his daughter's godfather.
Sami asked his boss to give him his pay stubs.
Sami asked his landlord to give him his bond back.
Sami asked his mother about his twin brothers and she told him that his father had taken them to Egypt.
Sami asked his mother to move in with him.
Sami asked his parents to buy him a dog.
Sami asked his questions.
Sami asked his roommate to fix the window.
Sami asked me a lot of questions about sex growing up.
Sami asked me many questions.
Sami asked me questions.
Sami asked me to call him back.
Sami asked me to call him.
Sami asked me to watch his dog this week.
Sami asked permission of Layla.
Sami asked permission to do everything.
Sami asked question after question.
Sami asked questions.
Sami asked simple questions.
Sami asked so many questions.
Sami asked some very weird questions.
Sami asked somebody else to do it.
Sami asked something from Layla.
Sami asked that girl to make out with her.
Sami asked that question one more time.
Sami asked the DA to take another look at that case.
Sami asked the Lord to forgive him.
Sami asked the bus driver to stop.
Sami asked the cab to drive in circles for an hour.
Sami asked the clerk if he could speak to someone else.
Sami asked the cops to take him home.
Sami asked the landlord to fix the door.
Sami asked the police to leave him alone.
Sami asked the teacher for a bathroom pass.
Sami asked the teacher for a hall pass.
Sami asked the waiter to box up his pasta to take away.
Sami asked to be my friend again.
Sami asked to be picked up.
Sami asked to speak to the manager.
Sami asked to speak with Layla privately in his office.
Sami asked to talk to the pastor.
Sami asked underage girls to send him nudes.
Sami asked us for help.
Sami asked where Layla lived.
Sami asked you this last week.
Sami aspired to be like Layla.
Sami assaulted Layla, killed her and dumped her body in a dumpster.
Sami assaulted Layla.
Sami assaulted a police officer.
Sami assaulted and battered a student.
Sami assaulted me.
Sami assembled the gun.
Sami assisted customers that wanted to be assisted.
Sami associated himself with a group of Muslim students.
Sami assumed Farid was a wealthy playboy.
Sami assumed Layla knew who he was.
Sami assumed Layla was Farid's girlfriend.
Sami assumed Layla was an Arab.
Sami assumed Layla was at work.
Sami assumed Layla was dead.
Sami assumed Layla was the daughter of a wealthy man.
Sami assumed he was being watched.
Sami assumed that Farid was Layal's first.
Sami assumed that Layla and Farid were a couple.
Sami assumed that Layla and me were together.
Sami assumed that Layla did something wrong.
Sami assumed that Layla was a homeless person.
Sami assumed that Layla was talking about Farid.
Sami assumed that Layla's disappearance was nothing to worry about.
Sami assumed that Layla's father was a psychopath.
Sami assumed that one day, he would take over his father's company.
Sami assured Layla that somebody would come and pick her up.
Sami ate French fries.
Sami ate Layla's body.
Sami ate Layla's brownies.
Sami ate Layla's cupcakes.
Sami ate Layla's donuts.
Sami ate Layla's food.
Sami ate a cockroach.
Sami ate a dozen eggs.
Sami ate a jar of pickles.
Sami ate a lot of rice.
Sami ate a piece of watermelon.
Sami ate a pizza at a pizza place.
Sami ate a salad.
Sami ate all the cookies.
Sami ate all the food.
Sami ate all those cakes.
Sami ate all those little cupcakes.
Sami ate an entire dish.
Sami ate an ice cream cake.
Sami ate at the school cafeteria today.
Sami ate boiled potatoes.
Sami ate breakfast with his dad.
Sami ate cheese by itself.
Sami ate dinner.
Sami ate frozen meals.
Sami ate his dog.
Sami ate his food.
Sami ate his ice cream by himself.
Sami ate his own poop.
Sami ate his salad.
Sami ate ice cream in the morning.
Sami ate in front of Layla and gave her nothing.
Sami ate macaroni and cheese.
Sami ate monkeys.
Sami ate my dessert.
Sami ate pizza at the cafeteria.
Sami ate pool right from the toilet pool.
Sami ate poop.
Sami ate potatoes every day.
Sami ate raw fish.
Sami ate shit.
Sami ate six bananas.
Sami ate six donuts.
Sami ate six weed cookies.
Sami ate snacks.
Sami ate some cheese.
Sami ate some chicken and French fries.
Sami ate some food.
Sami ate some peanuts.
Sami ate some weed brownies.
Sami ate soup.
Sami ate the bug.
Sami ate the cake.
Sami ate the cupcake.
Sami ate the dessert.
Sami ate the food.
Sami ate the frozen yoghurt.
Sami ate the ice cream in the kitchen.
Sami ate the same thing every single day.
Sami ate the soup.
Sami ate the steak.
Sami ate the yoghurt.
Sami ate things out of the trash.
Sami ate those cupcakes.
Sami ate two bowls of soup.
Sami ate two bowls of the soup.
Sami ate with his left hand.
Sami attempted suicide.
Sami attempted to contact Layla many times.
Sami attempted to get his daughter's custody.
Sami attempted to run out of the courtroom.
Sami attempted to set Layla's body on fire.
Sami attended a business meeting.
Sami attended a networking event.
Sami attended a segregated school.
Sami attended an evening service.
Sami attended church every Sunday and he loved it.
Sami attended church every Sunday.
Sami attended church with his fiancee.
Sami attended college.
Sami attended police academy.
Sami attended the Friday prayer.
Sami attended the business meeting.
Sami attended the funeral prayer of Fadil.
Sami attended the high school event.
Sami attended the parent-teacher conference.
Sami attended theater classes.
Sami attended to Layla's last wishes.
Sami auditioned for the church play.
Sami auditioned for the part and he got it.
Sami automatically remembered that.
Sami automatically turned around.
Sami avoided Layla completely.
Sami avoided Layla.
Sami avoided the pothole.
Sami awoke to his mother's screams.
Sami babysat for his elder sister.
Sami babysat the children of family members.
Sami babysat the children.
Sami backed away.
Sami backed off.
Sami backed out.
Sami backed the decision of the other managers.
Sami backed up his car.
Sami bailed Layla out.
Sami baked a cake.
Sami baked some cookies.
Sami baked the cookies.
Sami banged on the door so hard.
Sami banned any kind of media into his home.
Sami baptised his children.
Sami baptized his children.
Sami barely knew Layla.
Sami barely knows Layla.
Sami barely looked at us.
Sami barely made it.
Sami barely sees his daughter.
Sami barely speaks Arabic.
Sami barely turned sixteen.
Sami barely uses Twitter.
Sami barged in the room and started yelling.
Sami barked orders at Layla.
Sami bashed Layla for using the N-word.
Sami basically kept to himself.
Sami basically started from scratch.
Sami basically stays at home.
Sami battled lung cancer.
Sami beat Farid's ass.
Sami beat Layla bloody.
Sami beat Layla every day.
Sami beat Layla on the head.
Sami beat Layla six days before their wedding.
Sami beat Layla to the extent she was hospitalized.
Sami beat Layla with a wooden bat.
Sami beat Layla's mom right in front of their children.
Sami beat Layla.
Sami beat all of his children.
Sami beat all of his kids.
Sami beat his cancer.
Sami beat his dog and then set fire to it.
Sami beat his wife with a baseball bat.
Sami beat his wife.
Sami beat the guy to a pulp.
Sami beat the shit out of so many boys in high school.
Sami beat up his teacher.
Sami became Christian.
Sami became Farid's best friend.
Sami became Layla's second husband.
Sami became Layla's spiritual teacher.
Sami became Muslim before he died.
Sami became Muslim in 2006.
Sami became Muslim in Egypt.
Sami became Muslim.
Sami became a Christian.
Sami became a Muslim.
Sami became a better dad.
Sami became a bit depressed.
Sami became a bit of a burden on Layla.
Sami became a celebrity.
Sami became a concern for Layla.
Sami became a dangerous fanatic.
Sami became a famous YouTuber.
Sami became a father at a young age.
Sami became a father.
Sami became a great scientist.
Sami became a high school dropout.
Sami became a high-profile defense attorney.
Sami became a homosexual.
Sami became a key witness.
Sami became a lawyer.
Sami became a lieutenant-colonel.
Sami became a lot more relaxed.
Sami became a man of God.
Sami became a manager.
Sami became a maniac.
Sami became a millionaire.
Sami became a monster.
Sami became a new dad.
Sami became a new person.
Sami became a permanent fixture in Layla's house.
Sami became a priest.
Sami became a private detective.
Sami became a professional basketball player.
Sami became a psychotic paranoid.
Sami became a really good salesperson.
Sami became a regular visitor at Layla's apartment.
Sami became a self-centered douchy guy.
Sami became a tour guide.
Sami became a useful citizen.
Sami became a vegetable on a life support system.
Sami became a very introverted kid.
Sami became a very loving person to Layla and her kids.
Sami became a very violent person.
Sami became a volunteer fire fighter.
Sami became a wealthy man.
Sami became accustomed to that.
Sami became addicted to gambling.
Sami became an Arabic teacher.
Sami became an Egyptian citizen.
Sami became an accomplished seaman.
Sami became an atheist.
Sami became an enemy.
Sami became an entirely different person.
Sami became another person.
Sami became attached to those views.
Sami became bishop.
Sami became blind.
Sami became close with Layla.
Sami became depressed.
Sami became desperate.
Sami became disillusioned with jihad.
Sami became emotionally overwhelmed.
Sami became enormously successful as a developer.
Sami became even more terrified of his father.
Sami became extremely agitated.
Sami became fixated on Layla with hate.
Sami became friends with Layla's boyfriend.
Sami became friends with his roommate.
Sami became increasingly estranged from his dad.
Sami became indignant.
Sami became interested in Islam.
Sami became interested in Layla.
Sami became interested in Sufism.
Sami became interested in the Goth movement.
Sami became involved with Layla.
Sami became like my little brother.
Sami became lost and confused.
Sami became more aggressive with customers.
Sami became more and more concerned that Layla still hadn't showed up.
Sami became more controlling.
Sami became more demanding.
Sami became more depraved.
Sami became more isolated.
Sami became more open to trans people.
Sami became more open with Layla.
Sami became more popular in high school.
Sami became more protective of Layla.
Sami became obsessed with Layla.
Sami became obsessed with his image.
Sami became obsessed with his weight.
Sami became obsessed with those things.
Sami became one of Layla's best friend.
Sami became overly dependent on his parents.
Sami became paralyzed with fear.
Sami became paranoid so much so that he accused Layla of having an affair.
Sami became pastor of a new church.
Sami became physically abusive.
Sami became rapidly dehydrated.
Sami became religious.
Sami became responsible and had manners.
Sami became rich.
Sami became romantically involved with one of his female patients.
Sami became sexually aggressive.
Sami became so addicted to drugs.
Sami became so cold and heartless.
Sami became stepfather to Layla's two girls.
Sami became successful on YouTube.
Sami became suicidal.
Sami became terrified of what Layla could do next.
Sami became the most popular teacher at our high school.
Sami became the prime suspect.
Sami became unrecognizable.
Sami became verbally abusive to the staff.
Sami became verbally aggressive towards Layla.
Sami became very awkward with Layla.
Sami became very curious.
Sami became very drunk.
Sami became very enamored with Layla.
Sami became very ill.
Sami became very interested in Islam.
Sami became violently ill.
Sami became worried about Layla.
Sami befriended a stray dog along the way.
Sami befriended dangerous people.
Sami began a 600 hundred miles journey to the nearest settlement.
Sami began a cyber affair.
Sami began a lucrative career as a diamond trader.
Sami began again.
Sami began an affair with Layla.
Sami began an anonymous new life in another country.
Sami began an online affair and fell in love.
Sami began attacking Layla.
Sami began beating Layla.
Sami began crying.
Sami began dating.
Sami began disappearing for long stretches.
Sami began doing drugs at a young age.
Sami began drinking heavily.
Sami began driving home.
Sami began fearing for his life.
Sami began his own investigation.
Sami began his shift at 6 pm.
Sami began killing at just 16 years old.
Sami began making arrangements to get out of the country as soon as possible.
Sami began masquerading as a physician.
Sami began mixing booze with cocaine.
Sami began moving his gravely wounded friend from the river bank.
Sami began planning his payback.
Sami began playing out his fantasies with other women.
Sami began plotting Layla's death.
Sami began praying for Layla.
Sami began praying.
Sami began rubbing Layla's back.
Sami began seeing another woman.
Sami began shooting everybody.
Sami began smoking crack cocaine.
Sami began spending more time with Layla.
Sami began staying at Layla's apartment later and later.
Sami began suing the hornblowers.
Sami began talking.
Sami began telling the story.
Sami began the painful process of deciding what he should do.
Sami began to ask about Layla's daughter.
Sami began to become more worried about Layla.
Sami began to change his mind.
Sami began to confess everything.
Sami began to cry.
Sami began to date Layla.
Sami began to develop feelings for Layla.
Sami began to develop more and more confidence.
Sami began to dismember Layla's body.
Sami began to feel sick.
Sami began to give more attention to Layla.
Sami began to grow his hair long.
Sami began to have his doubts.
Sami began to monitor Layla's activities.
Sami began to move into what we commonly call a mid-life crisis.
Sami began to notice strange things.
Sami began to pay attention to Layla.
Sami began to pursue Layla.
Sami began to read the Quran.
Sami began to realize that.
Sami began to renovate the house.
Sami began to reveal the pieces of the puzzle.
Sami began to run into financial problems.
Sami began to sexually assault Layla.
Sami began to stalk Layla across Cairo.
Sami began to suffer from anxiety.
Sami began to suspect the unconceivable.
Sami began to tell his story.
Sami began to think that Layla was going to turn him in to the police.
Sami began to understand that.
Sami began to use aggression to gain attention.
Sami began to worry.
Sami began to wrestle with depression.
Sami began to yell at Layla.
Sami began using steroids.
Sami began whispering something that sounded like my name.
Sami began whispering.
Sami begged Farid to not fight him.
Sami begged Layla for a place to stay.
Sami begged Layla not to hang up.
Sami begged Layla not to hitchhike.
Sami begged Layla not to shoot him.
Sami begged Layla not to tell his dad.
Sami begged Layla to forgive him.
Sami begged Layla to give him another chance.
Sami begged Layla to help him.
Sami begged Layla to return to Egypt.
Sami begged Layla to stay over.
Sami begged Layla to tell him what happened.
Sami begged Layla to tell that story again.
Sami begged for Layla's help.
Sami begged for his life.
Sami begged for mercy.
Sami begged the judge for leniency.
Sami beheaded Layla's body.
Sami believed Layla absolutely.
Sami believed Layla attacked him.
Sami believed Layla was dying.
Sami believed Layla was having an affair with Farid.
Sami believed Layla was hurting him.
Sami believed Layla was in heaven.
Sami believed Layla was in hell.
Sami believed Layla was safe.
Sami believed charity should begin and end at his home.
Sami believed every word Layla said.
Sami believed everything.
Sami believed he deserved more than what he had been given in life.
Sami believed he had done the right thing.
Sami believed he was being stalked by a ghost.
Sami believed he was being taken advantage of.
Sami believed in God.
Sami believed in Jesus.
Sami believed in Layla.
Sami believed in Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Sami believed in an all-powerful god.
Sami believed in evil spirits.
Sami believed in nothing.
Sami believed in science.
Sami believed in second chances.
Sami believed in the God of Islam.
Sami believed in the ideology of gun-ownership.
Sami believed in the values of Islam.
Sami believed that Islam was a religion of terror.
Sami believed that all Muslims were terrorists.
Sami believed that dog didn't have an owner.
Sami believed that he was gay.
Sami believed that his execution would save the world from the devil.
Sami believed the apartment was haunted.
Sami believed what Layla said.
Sami believes God exists.
Sami believes God is one.
Sami believes Layla abandoned him.
Sami believes Layla's death was a brutal act of murder.
Sami believes Layla.
Sami believes claims he has experienced God personally in his life.
Sami believes he has been saved by God.
Sami believes in Adam, Abraham, Isaac, Ishmael, Moses, Jesus, and Muhammad.
Sami believes in Allah.
Sami believes in God.
Sami believes in Islam.
Sami believes in Jesus but not as a son of God.
Sami believes in Jesus.
Sami believes in Muhammad and Jesus, peace be upon them.
Sami believes in Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Sami believes in Muhammad.
Sami believes in equality.
Sami believes in ghost dogs.
Sami believes in marriage.
Sami believes in nothing.
Sami believes in scientific fact.
Sami believes in second chances but he doesn't believe in umpteenth chances.
Sami believes in the God of Islam.
Sami believes in the existence of God.
Sami believes in the legalization of weed.
Sami believes in what I am doing.
Sami believes in what I'm doing.
Sami believes that Layla is a real person.
Sami believes that dogs go to heaven.
Sami believes that he owns everybody.
Sami believes there is a god.
Sami believes this story to be true.
Sami believes this.
Sami bent his fingers so far back.
Sami bent his head down and sobbed.
Sami bent over and picked the phone up.
Sami berated Layla.
Sami betrayed Layla's trust.
Sami betrayed Layla.
Sami betrayed his best friend.
Sami betrayed his co-workers.
Sami betrayed his faith.
Sami betrayed his own family.
Sami betrayed the kind stranger who took him in.
Sami binds with everybody.
Sami bit Layla's breast.
Sami bit Layla.
Sami bit his lip.
Sami bit his nails all the way down to the nail bed.
Sami bit his nails.
Sami bites his nails.
Sami blacked out at work.
Sami blacked out.
Sami blackmailed Layla.
Sami blamed Layla and made her the cause of the issue.
Sami blamed Layla and made her the cause of the problem.
Sami blamed Layla for breaking his TV.
Sami blamed Layla for ruining their marriage.
Sami blamed Layla for the crime.
Sami blamed Layla for the murders.
Sami blamed Layla's bad lawyer.
Sami blamed his own child for something he knew he did.
Sami blamed his parents.
Sami blamed it all on Layla.
Sami blamed it on Layla.
Sami blamed me.
Sami blamed that on his own carelessness.
Sami blamed the murder on his associate.
Sami blasted out laughing.
Sami blasts music all the time.
Sami bleached his hair blond.
Sami blended in with the clique.
Sami blew all the money on partying.
Sami blew the whistle on Layla.
Sami blew up lots of balloons.
Sami blew up the balloon.
Sami blocked Layla every time she messaged him.
Sami blocked Layla everywhere.
Sami blocked Layla off his Instagram.
Sami blocked Layla off on Facebook.
Sami blocked Layla off on everything.
Sami blocked Layla on Facebook immediately.
Sami blocked Layla on Facebook.
Sami blocked Layla on Twitter.
Sami blocked Layla on social media.
Sami blocked Layla through e-mail.
Sami blocked Layla's Facebook account.
Sami blocked Layla's number.
Sami blocked Layla's phone number.
Sami blocked Layla's profile again.
Sami blocked Layla's profile on Facebook.
Sami blocked Layla.
Sami blocked many people on Facebook.
Sami blocked me on Facebook.
Sami blocked some of his fans on Facebook.
Sami blocked that Facebook profile.
Sami blocked that profile.
Sami blocked the door.
Sami blocked the wrong person on Facebook.
Sami blocked us on his Instagram.
Sami bludgeoned Layla to death.
Sami bludgeoned his victims to death.
Sami blurred out Layla's face in the video.
Sami blurred out Layla's name in his video.
Sami boarded the plane.
Sami bolted from his desk and ran out.
Sami bolted straight home.
Sami bolted through the front door and took off.
Sami bolted to his car.
Sami booked an appointment for Layla.
Sami booked an appointment for Saturday.
Sami booked his ticket.
Sami borrowed Layla's car.
Sami borrowed Layla's pencils.
Sami borrowed a luxury car.
Sami borrowed from his company all the time.
Sami borrowed from his company.
Sami borrowed hundreds of dollars from his mother.
Sami borrowed money from Layla.
Sami borrowed people's money and didn't give it back.
Sami borrowed sixty bucks.
Sami borrowed some money from Layla.
Sami borrowed some money.
Sami borrowed thousands of dollars from his family.
Sami borrows money from Layla.
Sami bothered Layla with many questions.
Sami bothered Layla.
Sami bought Christian CD's.
Sami bought Layla a Celine Dion t-shirt.
Sami bought Layla a Christmas present.
Sami bought Layla a Christmas sweater.
Sami bought Layla a DVD lecture series about Islam.
Sami bought Layla a Shiba Inu.
Sami bought Layla a bag.
Sami bought Layla a beautiful diamond ring.
Sami bought Layla a big gift.
Sami bought Layla a big teddy bear.
Sami bought Layla a box of chocolates.
Sami bought Layla a car.
Sami bought Layla a clock.
Sami bought Layla a dog.
Sami bought Layla a drink.
Sami bought Layla a fake tiara.
Sami bought Layla a gerbil.
Sami bought Layla a gift.
Sami bought Layla a gold ring.
Sami bought Layla a handbag.
Sami bought Layla a hoodie.
Sami bought Layla a husky.
Sami bought Layla a lot of food.
Sami bought Layla a new aquarium.
Sami bought Layla a new bathing suit.
Sami bought Layla a new car.
Sami bought Layla a nice bookbag.
Sami bought Layla a pager.
Sami bought Layla a prom dress.
Sami bought Layla a purse.
Sami bought Layla a ring.
Sami bought Layla a shot.
Sami bought Layla a small condo in Cairo.
Sami bought Layla a soda.
Sami bought Layla a t-shirt.
Sami bought Layla a wedding dress.
Sami bought Layla a wedding ring.
Sami bought Layla a wig.
Sami bought Layla a wonderful bouquet.
Sami bought Layla a wonderful wedding dress.
Sami bought Layla alcohol.
Sami bought Layla all those things.
Sami bought Layla an expensive dress.
Sami bought Layla an expensive t-shirt.
Sami bought Layla another dog.
Sami bought Layla balloons.
Sami bought Layla candy.
Sami bought Layla drinks.
Sami bought Layla flowers and candy.
Sami bought Layla food.
Sami bought Layla hair products.
Sami bought Layla hotdog cart.
Sami bought Layla lunch.
Sami bought Layla mascara.
Sami bought Layla roses and a box of candy.
Sami bought Layla shiny new snow boots.
Sami bought Layla six red roses.
Sami bought Layla some candy.
Sami bought Layla some dresses.
Sami bought Layla some food.
Sami bought Layla some more clothes.
Sami bought Layla some pizza.
Sami bought Layla some weed.
Sami bought Layla weed.
Sami bought Layla's book.
Sami bought a BMW.
Sami bought a Ferrari.
Sami bought a Rolex watch.
Sami bought a Rolls Royce.
Sami bought a bicycle frame for six thousand dollars.
Sami bought a bigger cage for his parrot.
Sami bought a blank CD.
Sami bought a bottle of champagne.
Sami bought a bottle of wine.
Sami bought a box of condoms.
Sami bought a brand new car.
Sami bought a brand new gear.
Sami bought a bunch of balloons.
Sami bought a bus ticket.
Sami bought a can of Red Bull.
Sami bought a condominium in Cairo.
Sami bought a copy of the Quran.
Sami bought a cottage-style cabin in the woods.
Sami bought a cowboy hat.
Sami bought a dictionary.
Sami bought a dog.
Sami bought a dress for Layla.
Sami bought a flight ticket to come and see Layla.
Sami bought a funnel cake.
Sami bought a gas stove.
Sami bought a gigantic fan.
Sami bought a gun to kill Layla.
Sami bought a gun.
Sami bought a jar of gherkins.
Sami bought a life insurance policy.
Sami bought a lot of food.
Sami bought a mansion.
Sami bought a motorcycle.
Sami bought a new cage for his bird.
Sami bought a new camera.
Sami bought a new dishwasher.
Sami bought a new golf club for six hundred dollars.
Sami bought a new house in Cairo.
Sami bought a new phone.
Sami bought a new roll of film.
Sami bought a new stove.
Sami bought a new wallet.
Sami bought a new watch.
Sami bought a one-way ticket.
Sami bought a pack of diapers.
Sami bought a pair of jeans.
Sami bought a pair of sneakers.
Sami bought a party wig.
Sami bought a penthouse in Cairo.
Sami bought a pizza.
Sami bought a plane ticket to go to Egypt and see that girl.
Sami bought a prayer rug.
Sami bought a pretty good piece of china.
Sami bought a private island.
Sami bought a private jet.
Sami bought a protein powder.
Sami bought a raft.
Sami bought a ram to sacrifice for Eid.
Sami bought a rifle.
Sami bought a ring for Layla.
Sami bought a shovel from a Walmart.
Sami bought a sixty-dollar bottle of champagne.
Sami bought a smart car.
Sami bought a storage unit.
Sami bought a stun gun.
Sami bought a subscription to a porn magazine and sent it to Layla's office to embarrass her.
Sami bought a tape recorder.
Sami bought a teddy bear for Layla.
Sami bought a used car.
Sami bought a very expensive dog.
Sami bought a vest for his dog.
Sami bought a wallet for sixty dollars.
Sami bought a watermelon.
Sami bought a wig for Halloween.
Sami bought a wig for sixty dollars.
Sami bought acid to destroy Layla's body.
Sami bought all those pizzas.
Sami bought an 18-wheeler.
Sami bought an English-Arabic dictionary.
Sami bought an apartment in Cairo.
Sami bought an entire collection of comic books.
Sami bought an expensive car.
Sami bought an expensive wig.
Sami bought an extra large pizza.
Sami bought an iPod for Layla.
Sami bought and sold repossessed homes.
Sami bought baby presents.
Sami bought body lotion.
Sami bought books for college.
Sami bought candles.
Sami bought cat food for his cats.
Sami bought cigarettes.
Sami bought clothes for Layla.
Sami bought comic books in volumes.
Sami bought contraceptives for Layla.
Sami bought drinks for his daughter.
Sami bought everything.
Sami bought frozen meals.
Sami bought gallons of water.
Sami bought gifts.
Sami bought groceries for a month.
Sami bought groceries.
Sami bought himself a brand new car.
Sami bought himself a new truck.
Sami bought himself a watch.
Sami bought his Shiba Inu from that pet store.
Sami bought his cat from a pet store.
Sami bought his dream car.
Sami bought his first apartment in 2006.
Sami bought his first car.
Sami bought his girlfriend a pair of shoes.
Sami bought his ticket.
Sami bought houses, renovated them, then sold them.
Sami bought latex gloves the night of Layla's murder.
Sami bought lots of things.
Sami bought me a watch.
Sami bought one himself.
Sami bought school supplies from the supermarket.
Sami bought shampoo for his dog.
Sami bought shorts.
Sami bought six airline tickets.
Sami bought six bottles of water.
Sami bought six tickets.
Sami bought socks.
Sami bought some bread.
Sami bought some cigarettes at a gas station.
Sami bought some cleaning equipment.
Sami bought some cleaning supplies.
Sami bought some expensive champagne.
Sami bought some flowers for Layla.
Sami bought some flowers.
Sami bought some food for the dog from the grocery store.
Sami bought some groceries.
Sami bought some liquor.
Sami bought some mangoes from the grocery store.
Sami bought some meth.
Sami bought some ornamental plants.
Sami bought some pictures.
Sami bought some radishes.
Sami bought some snack food.
Sami bought some stuff.
Sami bought some toys for his dog.
Sami bought some water.
Sami bought some weed.
Sami bought something cheap from Walmart.
Sami bought something.
Sami bought ten of them.
Sami bought that from his drugstore.
Sami bought the best possible guns one could buy.
Sami bought the dog with his credit card.
Sami bought the gun in Cairo.
Sami bought the most expensive perfumes.
Sami bought the murder weapon.
Sami bought the same items from six different stores.
Sami bought this book from a Facebook ad.
Sami bought this for Layla on Christmas.
Sami bought this for a couple hundred dollars.
Sami bought this from Cairo.
Sami bought this from the liquor store.
Sami bought this prayer rug in Cairo.
Sami bought those pills from a co-worker.
Sami bought tickets.
Sami bought trash bags.
Sami bought two wigs from Amazon.
Sami bought us alcohol.
Sami bought us drinks.
Sami bought weed from Layla.
Sami bounced from clique to clique.
Sami bounced from job to job.
Sami bowed his head and prayed with Layla.
Sami bowed his head and started praying.
Sami bragged about buying a new SUV.
Sami bragged about the killings to his fellow inmates.
Sami braided his hair.
Sami brainwashed Layla into thinking that she had to change a bunch of things about the way she looked.
Sami brainwashed Layla.
Sami breached the contract.
Sami breathed a huge sigh of relief.
Sami breathed a sigh of relief.
Sami briefly mentioned that he was in a relationship with Layla.
Sami brings bad luck.
Sami broke Layla's bike into pieces.
Sami broke Layla's face in front of the kids.
Sami broke Layla's glass.
Sami broke Layla's heart that day.
Sami broke Layla's heart.
Sami broke Layla's iPod.
Sami broke Layla's jaw.
Sami broke Layla's sister's heart.
Sami broke a flowerpot.
Sami broke all the Ten Commandments.
Sami broke down and he told Layla.
Sami broke down the door.
Sami broke everything.
Sami broke his camera.
Sami broke his foot.
Sami broke his fricking toe.
Sami broke his glasses and he can't see anything.
Sami broke his nose.
Sami broke his phone.
Sami broke his promise.
Sami broke his son's arm.
Sami broke his toe, not his leg.
Sami broke his toe.
Sami broke hundreds of dollars worth of dishes.
Sami broke into Layla's home.
Sami broke into Layla's house and raped her.
Sami broke into Layla's house and was looking for whatever he could steal.
Sami broke into Layla's house.
Sami broke into Layla's room to have a nap while she wasn't there.
Sami broke into the laboratory and stole a few blood samples from there.
Sami broke open every slot machine in the bar and stole the money.
Sami broke that rule.
Sami broke the code.
Sami broke the dishwasher.
Sami broke the garbage disposal.
Sami broke the news of Layla's death to her family.
Sami broke the news to Layla's family.
Sami broke the news to Layla's husband.
Sami broke the news to his mother.
Sami broke the rules.
Sami broke the seal of the bottle, opened it and started drinking.
Sami broke the window.
Sami broke up the fight between Farid and Salim.
Sami broke up with Layla a few days later.
Sami broke up with Layla to be with me.
Sami broke up with Layla.
Sami broke up with his girlfriend, Layla.
Sami broke up with that girl for Layla.
Sami brought Layla a bottle of water.
Sami brought Layla a gift.
Sami brought Layla a present.
Sami brought Layla a rose.
Sami brought Layla a yellow rose.
Sami brought Layla alcohol.
Sami brought Layla back here to Cairo.
Sami brought Layla back to Cairo.
Sami brought Layla back.
Sami brought Layla drinks.
Sami brought Layla food at work.
Sami brought Layla food every other week.
Sami brought Layla food.
Sami brought Layla here.
Sami brought Layla over there.
Sami brought Layla something to drink.
Sami brought Layla the money.
Sami brought Layla there.
Sami brought Layla to Cairo.
Sami brought Layla to court.
Sami brought Layla to the clinic.
Sami brought Layla water.
Sami brought Layla with him.
Sami brought Layla's bike back to her in pieces.
Sami brought a bottle of champagne.
Sami brought a box of booze.
Sami brought a box of his cat's shit.
Sami brought a fridge.
Sami brought a friend with him.
Sami brought a friend.
Sami brought a girlfriend with him.
Sami brought a grocery bag.
Sami brought a huge box of items.
Sami brought a little girl with him.
Sami brought a pack of diapers.
Sami brought a salad from home.
Sami brought all his books.
Sami brought all of his friends to try to intimidate Farid.
Sami brought along his friend.
Sami brought another person along with him.
Sami brought back Layla to Cairo.
Sami brought back his friends.
Sami brought everything that he needed for his meal.
Sami brought food to Layla.
Sami brought forward more damning evidence against Layla.
Sami brought his CD's.
Sami brought his children home.
Sami brought his computer.
Sami brought his dad here to come and fight me.
Sami brought his dog home.
Sami brought his dog with him.
Sami brought his dog.
Sami brought his family to Islam.
Sami brought his friend Layla.
Sami brought his friend over.
Sami brought his grandma with him.
Sami brought his kids to KKK meetings.
Sami brought his lunch tray.
Sami brought his own car to take the fridge.
Sami brought home two gang members.
Sami brought in the mail.
Sami brought love and laughter everywhere.
Sami brought me a cup of coffee.
Sami brought me a gift.
Sami brought me here to embarrass me.
Sami brought me home.
Sami brought shame on his family.
Sami brought shame onto his family.
Sami brought so much negativity to the work environment.
Sami brought some mustard.
Sami brought some underwear.
Sami brought stability to Layla's life.
Sami brought that news to us.
Sami brought the appetizer to the wrong table.
Sami brought the bouquet in.
Sami brought the bucket from the bathroom.
Sami brought the cats in his house.
Sami brought the check personally.
Sami brought the dog home that night.
Sami brought the dog home.
Sami brought the dog to his own apartment.
Sami brought the food out to us.
Sami brought the food to us.
Sami brought the gas can there.
Sami brought the gift in for Layla.
Sami brought the kids early from daycare.
Sami brought the plates to the table.
Sami brought the rest of his luggage.
Sami brought the suitcases upstairs.
Sami brought up the wine for us.
Sami brought wine and some snacks.
Sami brushed his hair by himself.
Sami brushed his hair.
Sami brushed his teeth every morning.
Sami brushed his teeth.
Sami brushed the bug off his leg.
Sami brushes his teeth before and after breakfast.
Sami brutally attacked Layla.
Sami brutally killed Layla.
Sami built a clinic in Cairo.
Sami built a gazebo in his backyard.
Sami built a gorgeous house.
Sami built a house that was worth a lot of money.
Sami built a house.
Sami built a little house for his kids in the backyard.
Sami built a name for himself in the London punk scene.
Sami built a promising career in the Navy.
Sami built a shopping mall in Cairo.
Sami built a small fortune with his popular seafood restaurant.
Sami built an empire of more than sixty companies.
Sami built an ice cave to escape the blizzard.
Sami built up the courage to tell Layla about that.
Sami bullied Layla.
Sami bullied a boy he had no business bullying.
Sami bullied her again.
Sami bumped into an old friend.
Sami bumped into that girl again.
Sami bumped past me as he was storming out of the restaurant.
Sami bumped past me as he was walking out.
Sami buried Layla in Cairo.
Sami buried Layla in his backyard.
Sami buried Layla in this cemetery.
Sami buried Layla on his property.
Sami buried himself in books.
Sami buried his head in the sand.
Sami buried the baby in the garden.
Sami buried the treasure in his backyard.
Sami buried these things for ever in his mind.
Sami burned CD's.
Sami burned Layla alive.
Sami burned Layla's hair.
Sami burned a dollar bill.
Sami burned all of Layla's possessions.
Sami burned his room to get rid of evidence.
Sami burned off his fingerprints.
Sami burned the desk piece by piece.
Sami burned to death.
Sami burped and everyone laughed.
Sami burped.
Sami burst in tears.
Sami burst into tears.
Sami bust out, laughing.
Sami buttdialled Layla.
Sami buys Layla a lot of makeup.
Sami buys and sells horses.
Sami buys toys from this store.
Sami buzzed Layla in.
Sami caged Layla in a room.
Sami called 911 and left the line open.
Sami called 911 from his cellphone.
Sami called Dr Bakir.
Sami called Farid "Dad."
Sami called Farid "fag."
Sami called Farid a little fag.
Sami called Farid big brother.
Sami called Farid weirdo.
Sami called Layla "Lily."
Sami called Layla "fat."
Sami called Layla "gross."
Sami called Layla "lazy."
Sami called Layla "sister."
Sami called Layla "stupid bitch."
Sami called Layla "stupid."
Sami called Layla Salima.
Sami called Layla a bitch to her face.
Sami called Layla a bitch.
Sami called Layla a crazy bitch.
Sami called Layla a liar.
Sami called Layla a lot.
Sami called Layla a sociopath.
Sami called Layla a whore.
Sami called Layla after his audition.
Sami called Layla after the Skype meeting.
Sami called Layla again.
Sami called Layla and asked her for money.
Sami called Layla and explained her the matter.
Sami called Layla and expressed his condolences.
Sami called Layla and let her know that he was going fishing.
Sami called Layla and she answered right away.
Sami called Layla and she answered.
Sami called Layla and she didn't answer.
Sami called Layla and threatened her.
Sami called Layla and told her what happened.
Sami called Layla and wished her a happy birthday.
Sami called Layla as soon as he got back.
Sami called Layla aside and asked her a few questions.
Sami called Layla at approximately six p.m.
Sami called Layla back one last time.
Sami called Layla back while he was walking to the bus stop.
Sami called Layla back.
Sami called Layla because he needed her.
Sami called Layla bitch.
Sami called Layla but she didn't answer.
Sami called Layla every evening.
Sami called Layla every name in the book.
Sami called Layla every single weekend.
Sami called Layla fat.
Sami called Layla from a different number.
Sami called Layla from a payphone.
Sami called Layla from the house phone.
Sami called Layla from the neighbors' home.
Sami called Layla his guardian angel.
Sami called Layla his pretty chubby sweetheart.
Sami called Layla immediately after.
Sami called Layla in for an interview.
Sami called Layla in the middle of the night.
Sami called Layla insisting they get back together.
Sami called Layla just a few minutes later.
Sami called Layla months later.
Sami called Layla names.
Sami called Layla on Friday evening.
Sami called Layla on a payphone.
Sami called Layla on her birthday.
Sami called Layla on her cellphone.
Sami called Layla on her phone.
Sami called Layla one day.
Sami called Layla one night and he told her that he was ready to forgive her.
Sami called Layla one week later on a quiet afternoon.
Sami called Layla only once.
Sami called Layla over here.
Sami called Layla pet names.
Sami called Layla pretty much every fifteen minutes.
Sami called Layla pretty.
Sami called Layla racist names.
Sami called Layla several times.
Sami called Layla sexy.
Sami called Layla six days before his wedding.
Sami called Layla six hundred times in the days leading to Farid's shooting.
Sami called Layla six months later.
Sami called Layla slut.
Sami called Layla sometimes.
Sami called Layla stupid.
Sami called Layla sweetheart.
Sami called Layla the N-word.
Sami called Layla the day before.
Sami called Layla the killer.
Sami called Layla the next day.
Sami called Layla to a secluded cemetery.
Sami called Layla to ask her to help him.
Sami called Layla to come and get him.
Sami called Layla to make sure everything was OK.
Sami called Layla to see how things went.
Sami called Layla up the next day.
Sami called Layla up to tell her that he was going to be on his way.
Sami called Layla when he needed something.
Sami called Layla when her commercial came up.
Sami called Layla when she was halfway home.
Sami called Layla with an unknown number.
Sami called Layla's condo.
Sami called Layla's hair salon.
Sami called Layla's high school.
Sami called Layla's home number.
Sami called Layla's mama a bitch.
Sami called Layla's manager.
Sami called Layla's mom a Jezebel.
Sami called Layla's mom.
Sami called Layla's mother by accident.
Sami called Layla's mother.
Sami called Layla's name in a mocking kind of tone.
Sami called Layla's name.
Sami called Layla's principal.
Sami called Layla's work.
Sami called Layla, but she didn't answer.
Sami called Layla.
Sami called a cab.
Sami called a friend to pick him up.
Sami called a mechanic.
Sami called a substitute teacher.
Sami called a taxi for Layla.
Sami called a taxi.
Sami called a tow truck.
Sami called again.
Sami called an Uber.
Sami called an ambulance.
Sami called an emergency number.
Sami called an escort.
Sami called and Layla answered the phone.
Sami called and a lady answered.
Sami called and called but Layla's phone just went to voice mail.
Sami called animal control.
Sami called at about six p.m.
Sami called at approximately six.
Sami called at midnight.
Sami called back his bank.
Sami called back the police department.
Sami called cops to inform them that Layla had been shot.
Sami called customer service.
Sami called every restaurant in the city.
Sami called for pizza.
Sami called for someone to bring him money.
Sami called for someone to help him but nobody came.
Sami called from Cairo.
Sami called from a payphone.
Sami called from a resort.
Sami called from his manager's cellphone.
Sami called her Layla.
Sami called his Internet provider.
Sami called his attorney.
Sami called his bank.
Sami called his best friend.
Sami called his boss.
Sami called his brother and they planned a robbery.
Sami called his children.
Sami called his club "Layla."
Sami called his dad.
Sami called his ex-girlfriend.
Sami called his ex.
Sami called his friend Farid over.
Sami called his friends.
Sami called his imaginary friend Farid.
Sami called his manager.
Sami called his mechanic.
Sami called his mom back there.
Sami called his mom every day.
Sami called his mom to come pick him up from the game.
Sami called his mom.
Sami called his mother to come pick him up.
Sami called his mother.
Sami called his older sister, Layla.
Sami called his parents who then called the cops.
Sami called his parents.
Sami called his restaurant and ordered some food.
Sami called his roommate.
Sami called his sister, Layla.
Sami called his sister.
Sami called his son.
Sami called his stepdad "Dad."
Sami called his stepmom.
Sami called his students "jerks."
Sami called me "Layla."
Sami called me "clumsy."
Sami called me Layla.
Sami called me a billion times.
Sami called me a liar.
Sami called me again.
Sami called me and Layla answered.
Sami called me and told me to come over.
Sami called me back.
Sami called me every fucking name in the book.
Sami called me his dad.
Sami called me on the evening of the 25th.
Sami called me one day.
Sami called me six days later.
Sami called me to tell me the results.
Sami called me.
Sami called my mom "Mom."
Sami called my mom.
Sami called my name.
Sami called our radio station.
Sami called room service.
Sami called security for Layla.
Sami called security on that woman.
Sami called security.
Sami called somebody to come and pick us up.
Sami called someone.
Sami called that dinner a celebration meal.
Sami called that night.
Sami called that number.
Sami called that prostitution.
Sami called the airline.
Sami called the authorities.
Sami called the building security.
Sami called the clinic.
Sami called the cops on Layla and her friends.
Sami called the cops on Layla.
Sami called the cops on us.
Sami called the cops.
Sami called the crime lab.
Sami called the customer service line.
Sami called the customer service.
Sami called the detective.
Sami called the elevator.
Sami called the emergency number.
Sami called the emergency services.
Sami called the entire class "jerks."
Sami called the fire department to put the fire out.
Sami called the fraud department.
Sami called the janitor.
Sami called the lady who was watching his dog.
Sami called the lift.
Sami called the maintenance guy.
Sami called the manager.
Sami called the number back.
Sami called the number on the paper.
Sami called the number.
Sami called the office.
Sami called the pastor.
Sami called the phone back.
Sami called the police department and reported that.
Sami called the police for help.
Sami called the police immediately.
Sami called the police on Layla for public disturbance.
Sami called the police on his roommate.
Sami called the police one day after Layla's death.
Sami called the police station.
Sami called the police twice.
Sami called the police yet again.
Sami called the police.
Sami called the prosecutor.
Sami called the school security.
Sami called the sheriff's department.
Sami called the state police.
Sami called the suicide prevention hotline.
Sami called the whole thing off.
Sami called them.
Sami called to find out about Layla's tests.
Sami called to say thanks.
Sami called up the wrong name.
Sami called us.
Sami called.
Sami calls Layla bitch.
Sami calls Layla on her phone.
Sami calls me every day.
Sami calls the cops on everyone.
Sami calmed Layla down.
Sami calmed down a bit.
Sami calmed down.
Sami calmed me down.
Sami came a few moments later.
Sami came a week later.
Sami came across Layla's Instagram page.
Sami came across a beautiful 26-year-old from Egypt.
Sami came across an e-mail from an e-mail address he was very familiar with.
Sami came across an interesting job opening.
Sami came across some unpaid invoices.
Sami came across that passage in the Bible.
Sami came across this information.
Sami came after the party.
Sami came all this way so that he can be with Layla.
Sami came all this way to find Layla.
Sami came along when I was in sixth grade.
Sami came and asked me to pack up his belongings.
Sami came and picked me up. He was a gentleman.
Sami came and unlocked the freezer.
Sami came and went.
Sami came around the corner, screaming.
Sami came around the corner.
Sami came at six but forgot to clock in.
Sami came at the beginning of Layla's shift.
Sami came at the beginning of the dinner shift.
Sami came back a few days later.
Sami came back a week later.
Sami came back and handed Layla her water.
Sami came back and sat with me.
Sami came back and slapped Layla.
Sami came back at Layla.
Sami came back at the end of his shift.
Sami came back from Cairo.
Sami came back from a wrestling match.
Sami came back from campus.
Sami came back from his bike ride.
Sami came back from the bathroom.
Sami came back from the conference.
Sami came back here.
Sami came back home and had lunch with Layla.
Sami came back home broken.
Sami came back home.
Sami came back in his room.
Sami came back in the afternoon.
Sami came back in the room.
Sami came back into Layla's life.
Sami came back into his drive way.
Sami came back out.
Sami came back screaming.
Sami came back six minutes later.
Sami came back six months later.
Sami came back to Egypt.
Sami came back to Layla's place.
Sami came back to Layla.
Sami came back to his house.
Sami came back to his residence.
Sami came back to school after his suspension.
Sami came back to the car.
Sami came back to the house.
Sami came back to the kitchen area.
Sami came back to the mansion.
Sami came back to the mosque.
Sami came back to the same place.
Sami came back to us.
Sami came back to visit Cairo.
Sami came back to visit.
Sami came back to work.
Sami came back two hours later.
Sami came back up here again.
Sami came back up.
Sami came back with a bag.
Sami came back.
Sami came because he wanted to talk to you.
Sami came because he wants you to know that he loves you, too.
Sami came between Layla and me.
Sami came by my desk.
Sami came clubbing with me.
Sami came directly to me.
Sami came down from New York to see us.
Sami came down from the attic.
Sami came down here.
Sami came down to Florida to visit us.
Sami came down to his room.
Sami came down to the cafeteria.
Sami came down.
Sami came downstairs.
Sami came earlier this week.
Sami came every Saturday.
Sami came face to face with a terrifying truth.
Sami came flying across the room, yelling and cussing.
Sami came for the weekend.
Sami came forward and told the police what he knew.
Sami came from Egypt and he worked hard.
Sami came from Egypt.
Sami came from a abusive room.
Sami came from a broken family.
Sami came from a deeply-devout conservative family.
Sami came from a family of master manipulators.
Sami came from a single-parent home and he was basically raising himself.
Sami came from a single-parent home.
Sami came from a very tough background.
Sami came from a well-to-do family.
Sami came from an extremely abusive household.
Sami came from an extremely religious family.
Sami came from my hood.
Sami came from school so upset.
Sami came from the door in front of Layla.
Sami came from the neighbor's yard.
Sami came from the yard.
Sami came half an hour later.
Sami came here all on his own.
Sami came here and made a scandal.
Sami came here every morning.
Sami came here every weekend.
Sami came here for that.
Sami came here to look for Layla.
Sami came here to tell Layla that he had filed for divorce.
Sami came here to tell me all those horrible things.
Sami came here to threaten Layla.
Sami came here with his girlfriend.
Sami came here.
Sami came home a week before Halloween.
Sami came home and had lunch.
Sami came home at six.
Sami came home before Layla.
Sami came home early for lunch.
Sami came home early.
Sami came home for lunch break.
Sami came home for six days.
Sami came home from Egypt.
Sami came home from a funeral.
Sami came home from class.
Sami came home from school at six.
Sami came home from school.
Sami came home from work and found his wife in bed with another man.
Sami came home from work early.
Sami came home from work.
Sami came home fuming.
Sami came home late.
Sami came home on Saturday.
Sami came home unharmed.
Sami came home with a box.
Sami came home with me.
Sami came home.
Sami came in Layla's room.
Sami came in a little bit late to work.
Sami came in a little bit late.
Sami came in a little bit later.
Sami came in about an hour and a half later.
Sami came in and all hell broke loose.
Sami came in and turned on the lights.
Sami came in early.
Sami came in for a meeting.
Sami came in frequently.
Sami came in from the door in front of Layla.
Sami came in from walking his dogs.
Sami came in here to eat.
Sami came in here.
Sami came in the afternoon.
Sami came in the closet.
Sami came in the house.
Sami came in the middle of the day.
Sami came in there.
Sami came in to the emergency room with a man who had been stabbed.
Sami came in to work.
Sami came in with a friend.
Sami came in with a gun.
Sami came in with a young man.
Sami came in.
Sami came inside.
Sami came into Layla's life and made her forget who she was.
Sami came into Layla's life in 2006.
Sami came into Layla's life.
Sami came into Layla's room.
Sami came into my office without knocking on the door.
Sami came into my room.
Sami came into the US from Mexico.
Sami came into the building.
Sami came into the car.
Sami came into the conference room.
Sami came into the house.
Sami came into the lunchroom.
Sami came into the room and found the beer.
Sami came into the room.
Sami came into the store and there was no attendant.
Sami came into the store.
Sami came into work at six.
Sami came literally out of nowhere.
Sami came looking for me.
Sami came off the bus.
Sami came off the buss.
Sami came on Friday night.
Sami came on Saturday to make sure Layla were there.
Sami came on Saturday to take his check.
Sami came on Saturday.
Sami came on his payday.
Sami came out and told his wife that he had been having an affair.
Sami came out of his bedroom.
Sami came out of his house.
Sami came out of his room.
Sami came out of jail decorated with tattoos.
Sami came out of nowhere.
Sami came out of the bathroom.
Sami came out of the car.
Sami came out of the classroom.
Sami came out of the hotel room.
Sami came out of the house pissed.
Sami came out of the kitchen, holding an appetizer.
Sami came out of the limo.
Sami came out of the meeting.
Sami came out of the office.
Sami came out of the other room.
Sami came out of the room.
Sami came out of the shadows and shared his story.
Sami came out of the shadows.
Sami came out of the shower.
Sami came out of the woods, covered in blood.
Sami came out of there.
Sami came out of work.
Sami came out the bushes.
Sami came out to play.
Sami came out, wielding a large butcher knife.
Sami came out.
Sami came outside.
Sami came over about an hour ago.
Sami came over after school.
Sami came over and gave me a hug.
Sami came over and he looked pissed off.
Sami came over and stayed with us in Cairo.
Sami came over and talked to us.
Sami came over drunk.
Sami came over during the mid-semester break.
Sami came over here and opened the door.
Sami came over here.
Sami came over on Saturday.
Sami came over on the weekend.
Sami came over quickly.
Sami came over to his locker.
Sami came over to me.
Sami came over to my desk.
Sami came over to my house.
Sami came over to visit us.
Sami came over to watch a film.
Sami came over to watch the boxing match.
Sami came over.
Sami came pretty late at night.
Sami came regularly.
Sami came riding across campus on a poney.
Sami came running after me.
Sami came running and shouting.
Sami came sit next to me.
Sami came six days later.
Sami came the following Saturday.
Sami came the next morning.
Sami came this way.
Sami came through the door.
Sami came to Cairo looking for a better life.
Sami came to Cairo to escape his past.
Sami came to Cairo.
Sami came to Egypt as a refugee from Palestine.
Sami came to Egypt in the late sixties.
Sami came to Egypt on the 1st of Ramadan.
Sami came to Islam.
Sami came to Layla and asked her to join the group.
Sami came to Layla to face her in person.
Sami came to Layla's desk.
Sami came to Layla's door and left her a gift.
Sami came to Layla's engagement party.
Sami came to Layla's house after school.
Sami came to Layla's house.
Sami came to Layla's neighborhood to hang out.
Sami came to Layla's work.
Sami came to Layla.
Sami came to admire Layla for her fantastic work and honesty.
Sami came to check on Layla's dog.
Sami came to check on Layla.
Sami came to chill with us.
Sami came to chitchat with Layla.
Sami came to church.
Sami came to collect his check.
Sami came to collect his paycheck.
Sami came to confront Layla.
Sami came to deliver these things to you.
Sami came to dominate Layla's life.
Sami came to fight me twice.
Sami came to fight me.
Sami came to fix it himself.
Sami came to get his fix.
Sami came to get his girlfriend.
Sami came to get me.
Sami came to give Layla her gift.
Sami came to help Layla.
Sami came to help me.
Sami came to his locker.
Sami came to his office early.
Sami came to his own conclusion.
Sami came to join Layla.
Sami came to lunch with us.
Sami came to me.
Sami came to meet us.
Sami came to mourn Layla.
Sami came to my home to bring me the money.
Sami came to my house.
Sami came to my side of the bar.
Sami came to my window.
Sami came to my work to bring me the money.
Sami came to our house.
Sami came to our room.
Sami came to pick Layla up.
Sami came to pick Layla's daughter up.
Sami came to pick me up.
Sami came to pick up his check.
Sami came to pick up his girlfriend.
Sami came to rescue Layla.
Sami came to ruin Layla's party.
Sami came to save Layla.
Sami came to school on Tuesday.
Sami came to school.
Sami came to see Layla immediately.
Sami came to see Layla.
Sami came to sit right next to me.
Sami came to take Layla to Egypt for six weeks.
Sami came to take Layla to the airport.
Sami came to take his things.
Sami came to talk to Layla.
Sami came to talk to us.
Sami came to the back seat.
Sami came to the bar to eat breakfast.
Sami came to the bar.
Sami came to the boutique.
Sami came to the bus stop to pick Layla up.
Sami came to the car.
Sami came to the clinic to see Layla.
Sami came to the edge of the curb.
Sami came to the front.
Sami came to the kitchen to have breakfast.
Sami came to the meeting.
Sami came to the mosque before the adhan.
Sami came to the movies with me.
Sami came to the nightclub Layla worked at.
Sami came to the playground to play.
Sami came to the restaurant.
Sami came to the school.
Sami came to this house to kill Layla.
Sami came to this house.
Sami came to us and told us what had happened.
Sami came to us.
Sami came to visit Layla.
Sami came to visit.
Sami came to wash the dishes.
Sami came to work hungover.
Sami came to work on Saturday.
Sami came to work sweating.
Sami came to work the next day hangover as shit.
Sami came to work.
Sami came towards the evening.
Sami came up and gave me a hug.
Sami came up and physically moved Layla away from Salima.
Sami came up behind Layla and hit her in the back of the head.
Sami came up behind Layla.
Sami came up close to me.
Sami came up next to me.
Sami came up to Layla and apologized for everything.
Sami came up to Layla and put his arms around her.
Sami came up to Layla with a gun and asked her to let him touch on her.
Sami came up to Layla with a gun.
Sami came up to Layla's desk.
Sami came up to Layla.
Sami came up to me and started talking to me about Layla.
Sami came up to me and started to yell in my ear.
Sami came up to me, asking for help.
Sami came up to me.
Sami came up to my desk.
Sami came up to the door.
Sami came up with a new plan.
Sami came up with a plan to solve his problem.
Sami came up with a refreshing idea.
Sami came up with an alternate plan.
Sami came up with an excuse.
Sami came upstairs.
Sami came with Layla and Salima.
Sami came with Layla.
Sami came with a box.
Sami came with all his furniture.
Sami came with all his stuff.
Sami came with me.
Sami came with us.
Sami came without calling.
Sami came.
Sami camped in a remote please.
Sami camped out in Egypt.
Sami can access the restaurant from the mall.
Sami can ask his questions later.
Sami can barely see.
Sami can be a pain sometimes.
Sami can be forgiven.
Sami can be out in seven years if he plays nice.
Sami can be really sensitive about this.
Sami can be trained.
Sami can believe what he wants.
Sami can bet his ass that Layla is going to report him to the cops.
Sami can bring his friends over.
Sami can buy food with this money.
Sami can buy this.
Sami can call the hotline.
Sami can change himself.
Sami can check my phone if he wants.
Sami can climb trees.
Sami can come and live with us. He's family.
Sami can come back tomorrow.
Sami can come in as well.
Sami can come in if he wants.
Sami can come outside.
Sami can come over any time.
Sami can come to talk to me face to face.
Sami can come with us to the lawyer's office.
Sami can confide in Layla.
Sami can control his anger.
Sami can control the situation.
Sami can convince anyone of anything.
Sami can copy any document and make it look like the real thing.
Sami can count by twos.
Sami can count on Layla.
Sami can dance with Layla.
Sami can deal with the situation.
Sami can definitely invite Layla.
Sami can do his job faster.
Sami can do it for Layla.
Sami can do it for you.
Sami can do it however he sees fit.
Sami can do it.
Sami can do that at home all the time.
Sami can do that for Layla.
Sami can do the unthinkable.
Sami can do this card trick.
Sami can do this on his own.
Sami can do this.
Sami can do whatever he wants to do with his life.
Sami can do whatever he wants to do.
Sami can download this app.
Sami can drive Layla home.
Sami can eat this.
Sami can even ask Layla.
Sami can explain everything.
Sami can fight you.
Sami can finally rest in peace.
Sami can find his way through ice and snow.
Sami can fire me.
Sami can fix Layla's car.
Sami can fix any problem under the hood.
Sami can fix it himself.
Sami can fix it.
Sami can fix things.
Sami can fix this window.
Sami can follow Layla on Twitter.
Sami can forgive Layla's infidelity but he can't forget it.
Sami can get away with anything.
Sami can get it for you.
Sami can get that book for you.
Sami can get through all of this.
Sami can get work for Layla.
Sami can give you their names.
Sami can give you tips.
Sami can go as he pleases.
Sami can go chill with his friends.
Sami can go home now.
Sami can go home.
Sami can go missing if he wants.
Sami can go more into detail about that later.
Sami can go there.
Sami can go to work.
Sami can handle anything.
Sami can handle it.
Sami can handle this job.
Sami can handle this.
Sami can have another cookie.
Sami can have one more cookie.
Sami can have the night off.
Sami can hear Layla's voice.
Sami can hear everything.
Sami can hear me.
Sami can hear people talking.
Sami can hear that noise.
Sami can hear the baby.
Sami can hear the noise now.
Sami can hear the sirens.
Sami can hear the water trickle down.
Sami can hear the whole thing.
Sami can hear you fine.
Sami can help Layla again like he did in the past.
Sami can help Layla.
Sami can help you now.
Sami can help you with this.
Sami can help you with your depression.
Sami can help you.
Sami can hurt Layla.
Sami can hurt you.
Sami can just call me "Mom."
Sami can just reply with yes or no.
Sami can leave now.
Sami can leave.
Sami can live there.
Sami can make a movie.
Sami can make his breakfast himself.
Sami can make the juice himself.
Sami can make this marriage work.
Sami can make up his own bed.
Sami can never erase these memories.
Sami can not give you his address.
Sami can now die in peace.
Sami can only give Layla fifteen minutes.
Sami can only use this bathroom.
Sami can only watch one kid at a time.
Sami can overcome this.
Sami can paddle his own canoe.
Sami can pay for it.
Sami can pay the bill tomorrow.
Sami can pay the bills.
Sami can practise at Layla's house.
Sami can probably hear that.
Sami can probably see this.
Sami can protect Layla from anything.
Sami can prove it.
Sami can quit.
Sami can relax.
Sami can rely on Layla.
Sami can remember.
Sami can ride a bike.
Sami can save Layla's life.
Sami can save those dogs.
Sami can say goodbye to his promotion.
Sami can say whatever he wants.
Sami can see Layla's facial expression.
Sami can see Layla.
Sami can see all of the city from where he lives.
Sami can see anyone that comes into the building.
Sami can see everything inside.
Sami can see everything.
Sami can see it now.
Sami can see it.
Sami can see me.
Sami can see my face all the time.
Sami can see that.
Sami can see the house now.
Sami can see things that Layla can't.
Sami can see this.
Sami can see whatever he wants.
Sami can see you.
Sami can sense that.
Sami can set broken bones.
Sami can sit here.
Sami can sit wherever he wants.
Sami can sit with whoever friend he wants.
Sami can smell weed from a mile away.
Sami can speak Arabic.
Sami can spend the night.
Sami can spot a douchebag from a mile.
Sami can spot fakes.
Sami can start today.
Sami can start tomorrow.
Sami can stay home alone.
Sami can stay with us.
Sami can stay.
Sami can still make it.
Sami can still remember the exact words Layla told him.
Sami can still see them.
Sami can still smell that perfume.
Sami can succeed.
Sami can swim faster than Layla.
Sami can swim just about as well as Layla can.
Sami can take Layla home.
Sami can take a picture of us.
Sami can take care of himself now.
Sami can take care of himself.
Sami can take the subway there.
Sami can take the subway.
Sami can talk to the police.
Sami can tell Layla anything.
Sami can tell Layla whatever he likes.
Sami can tell his boss.
Sami can tell people his story.
Sami can tell you what your new job is.
Sami can tie his shoes.
Sami can trust Layla.
Sami can understand that.
Sami can use that against Layla.
Sami can walk there and he doesn't need a ride.
Sami can walk there.
Sami can walk.
Sami can watch a movie.
Sami can watch the video for himself.
Sami can wear anything he likes.
Sami can wear jeans every day.
Sami can wear this in the water.
Sami can win.
Sami can work this shift.
Sami can't admit to what he has done.
Sami can't afford a pet right now.
Sami can't afford it.
Sami can't afford raspberries.
Sami can't afford this.
Sami can't afford to do shit like that.
Sami can't afford to get a whole new wardrobe.
Sami can't afford to lose his money at this point of his life.
Sami can't allow that to happen.
Sami can't answer everyone's question.
Sami can't be around Layla.
Sami can't be around people smoking weed.
Sami can't be called a delinquent.
Sami can't be connected to the victim.
Sami can't be forgiven.
Sami can't be left alone.
Sami can't be part of this church anymore.
Sami can't be part of this.
Sami can't beat me.
Sami can't believe his eyes.
Sami can't believe something without evidence.
Sami can't believe that Layla was a killer.
Sami can't believe this is real.
Sami can't believe this.
Sami can't believe what he's hearing.
Sami can't block that number.
Sami can't breathe.
Sami can't bring his blanket to the dinner table.
Sami can't bring the dog in his on-campus apartment.
Sami can't buy that bag.
Sami can't call his mom.
Sami can't challenge Layla.
Sami can't change Layla's mind.
Sami can't change his address.
Sami can't change people.
Sami can't change somebody who doesn't want to change.
Sami can't change that.
Sami can't change the world on his own.
Sami can't clean the house before lunch.
Sami can't come back.
Sami can't come in to see it.
Sami can't come in.
Sami can't come out.
Sami can't come over because he is grounded.
Sami can't come over because he's grounded.
Sami can't come over.
Sami can't come to the show.
Sami can't come with us.
Sami can't come.
Sami can't communicate with some members of his family.
Sami can't continue his journey.
Sami can't continue to live a double life.
Sami can't control Layla.
Sami can't control himself.
Sami can't control his sister.
Sami can't control who Layla talks to.
Sami can't count money.
Sami can't cross this line.
Sami can't date Layla while he's in a relationship.
Sami can't date this girl.
Sami can't deal with them.
Sami can't deal with this anymore.
Sami can't describe how nice Layla was.
Sami can't describe how rude Layla was.
Sami can't do Layla's accent.
Sami can't do an Egyptian accent.
Sami can't do anything about it.
Sami can't do anything for you.
Sami can't do anything now.
Sami can't do anything right.
Sami can't do anything to change the situation.
Sami can't do anything.
Sami can't do it by himself.
Sami can't do it.
Sami can't do that because of copyright issues.
Sami can't do that by himself.
Sami can't do that here.
Sami can't do that to Layla.
Sami can't do that.
Sami can't do this now.
Sami can't do this to Layla.
Sami can't do this to someone else.
Sami can't do this.
Sami can't do what God can do for you.
Sami can't dodge bullets.
Sami can't doubt that.
Sami can't draw this.
Sami can't drink tequila.
Sami can't drive at night.
Sami can't drive now.
Sami can't drive two cars at the same time.
Sami can't even call Layla.
Sami can't even go home now.
Sami can't even imagine himself getting into a fight.
Sami can't even make eye contact with me.
Sami can't even remember who the author read.
Sami can't even see.
Sami can't even sell it.
Sami can't even smoke a cigarette outside in this town.
Sami can't even talk to Layla.
Sami can't even tell china from porcelain.
Sami can't even tell you her name.
Sami can't even touch Layla.
Sami can't expect other people to do this for him.
Sami can't explain it.
Sami can't explain that.
Sami can't explain these charges.
Sami can't explain this again.
Sami can't explain this story.
Sami can't explain this.
Sami can't face the life his father forces upon him.
Sami can't fight Farid.
Sami can't film.
Sami can't find Layla anywhere.
Sami can't find Layla's e-mail.
Sami can't find his gun.
Sami can't find his iPod.
Sami can't fix everything on himself.
Sami can't fix it.
Sami can't fool Layla.
Sami can't force Layla to talk.
Sami can't forget it.
Sami can't forgive Layla's infidelity.
Sami can't forgive infidelity.
Sami can't get inside.
Sami can't get rid of his chlamydia because he isn't working.
Sami can't get the image of that ghost out of his head.
Sami can't give Layla a ride because he is far away.
Sami can't give Layla his number.
Sami can't give you a hundred dollars.
Sami can't give you his phone number.
Sami can't give you your money back.
Sami can't go any further.
Sami can't go back in there.
Sami can't go back.
Sami can't go downstairs.
Sami can't go in that bedroom.
Sami can't go in.
Sami can't go into details.
Sami can't go into the store.
Sami can't go out like this.
Sami can't go out without Layla.
Sami can't go out.
Sami can't go swimming.
Sami can't go to Layla's prom.
Sami can't go to prom.
Sami can't go to school.
Sami can't go to sleep.
Sami can't go to the dance.
Sami can't go to the hospital.
Sami can't go to the science museum.
Sami can't handle this.
Sami can't have a cookie now. It's supper time.
Sami can't have any fucking friends.
Sami can't have this cat.
Sami can't have what's rightfully mine.
Sami can't hear Layla anymore.
Sami can't hear Layla because the music is so loud.
Sami can't hear anything.
Sami can't hear out of his left ear.
Sami can't hear that.
Sami can't hear this.
Sami can't help Layla today.
Sami can't help anyone.
Sami can't help how he feels.
Sami can't help other teachers.
Sami can't help you anymore.
Sami can't help you out unless you're straight with him.
Sami can't help you to find Layla.
Sami can't hide from Layla.
Sami can't hide.
Sami can't hit Layla.
Sami can't hold Layla back.
Sami can't hurt Layla anymore.
Sami can't imagine life now without Layla.
Sami can't jump.
Sami can't just decide overnight.
Sami can't just walk away.
Sami can't keep doing this.
Sami can't keep his phone on him.
Sami can't keep something that important secret.
Sami can't keep the cat here.
Sami can't keep the kitten.
Sami can't keep this ring.
Sami can't leave Layla.
Sami can't leave a job just like that.
Sami can't leave his car here.
Sami can't leave his kids behind.
Sami can't leave yet.
Sami can't leave.
Sami can't let Layla do this.
Sami can't let Layla get the upper hand.
Sami can't let people treat him as a doormat.
Sami can't let this go on.
Sami can't lie very well.
Sami can't lift this box.
Sami can't listen to music while he works.
Sami can't live a life like this for the rest of his life.
Sami can't live like this.
Sami can't live with a dirty person.
Sami can't live without Layla.
Sami can't look at Layla's messages.
Sami can't make it.
Sami can't make this happen.
Sami can't manage this.
Sami can't masturbate without porn.
Sami can't masturbate without watching porn.
Sami can't move an inch.
Sami can't move anymore.
Sami can't move.
Sami can't notice that.
Sami can't open the door.
Sami can't outrun Layla.
Sami can't outrun a dog.
Sami can't pay money he doesn't have.
Sami can't pay rent because he's always buying books.
Sami can't pay rent.
Sami can't persuade Layla otherwise.
Sami can't picture himself going back to a situation like that.
Sami can't please everybody.
Sami can't possibly know me from church because I'm not Christian. I'm Muslim.
Sami can't predict the future.
Sami can't prove it.
Sami can't put up with Layla's BS.
Sami can't put up with Layla's bullshitting.
Sami can't put up with this shit.
Sami can't put up with this.
Sami can't read Chinese character.
Sami can't read X-rays.
Sami can't read those Chinese characters.
Sami can't read.
Sami can't really explain that feeling.
Sami can't really remember that.
Sami can't really remember.
Sami can't remember exactly where he buried Layla's body.
Sami can't remember how old he was then.
Sami can't remember if he talked about this or not.
Sami can't remember that.
Sami can't remember the name of the company.
Sami can't remember the timeline.
Sami can't remember this.
Sami can't remember verbatim what he said to Layla but it was around these lines: "You're such a manipulative bitch."
Sami can't remember what Layla was saying.
Sami can't remember what happened.
Sami can't remember what song he sang that day.
Sami can't remember when this happened.
Sami can't remember which of the twins was in his room.
Sami can't remember.
Sami can't replicate that sound.
Sami can't resist Layla's charms.
Sami can't reveal this information.
Sami can't room with a dirty person.
Sami can't sabotage Layla's modeling career.
Sami can't say anything about me.
Sami can't say anything now.
Sami can't say anything.
Sami can't say no to this.
Sami can't say that.
Sami can't say this.
Sami can't say why.
Sami can't see Layla today.
Sami can't see Layla's face.
Sami can't see Layla.
Sami can't see a needle go into his skin.
Sami can't see anything else.
Sami can't see anything.
Sami can't see him.
Sami can't see me.
Sami can't see that house.
Sami can't see the camera.
Sami can't see this.
Sami can't see through the walls.
Sami can't see what he's doing.
Sami can't see you today.
Sami can't see your chats.
Sami can't seem to understand the complexity of the situation.
Sami can't sell his shares.
Sami can't send any pictures to Layla.
Sami can't send more than a picture at once.
Sami can't share a bedroom with someone.
Sami can't share this info with you.
Sami can't sing or act.
Sami can't sit here.
Sami can't sit over here.
Sami can't sleep in this apartment.
Sami can't sleep.
Sami can't smoke here.
Sami can't smoke weed here.
Sami can't smoke weed.
Sami can't some in this bar.
Sami can't spell this word.
Sami can't stand Layla's daughter.
Sami can't stand Layla.
Sami can't stand her.
Sami can't stand it when a man speaks to a woman like that.
Sami can't stand it.
Sami can't stand to see Layla like this.
Sami can't stay at the bar if he doesn't order anything.
Sami can't stay for dinner.
Sami can't stay here any longer.
Sami can't stay here anymore.
Sami can't stay here.
Sami can't stay there.
Sami can't stop thinking about that.
Sami can't stop walking.
Sami can't sue Layla.
Sami can't survive in such an environment.
Sami can't sweet-talk his way this time.
Sami can't swim.
Sami can't take Layla to the mall today.
Sami can't take back things that have been done.
Sami can't take chances.
Sami can't take his mom's car.
Sami can't take his vacation during peak season.
Sami can't take it anymore.
Sami can't take this puppy with him.
Sami can't talk now.
Sami can't talk to Layla because of her mental state.
Sami can't talk to Layla.
Sami can't talk to another girl.
Sami can't tell Layla anything.
Sami can't tell Layla how to get money.
Sami can't tell Layla how to make money.
Sami can't tell Layla.
Sami can't tell his parents anything.
Sami can't tell you any information.
Sami can't tell you anything.
Sami can't tell you where he is going to work.
Sami can't tell you.
Sami can't tell.
Sami can't tolerate broken promises.
Sami can't touch Layla.
Sami can't trust Layla as far as he can see her.
Sami can't trust Layla.
Sami can't trust her.
Sami can't trust his father.
Sami can't trust his stepsister.
Sami can't trust that girl.
Sami can't tutor anyone.
Sami can't understand why a lot of people enjoy that.
Sami can't use any of those.
Sami can't use that.
Sami can't use the sink.
Sami can't use those.
Sami can't wait for your manager to come here.
Sami can't wait that long.
Sami can't wait to meet you.
Sami can't wait to tell Layla about that.
Sami can't wait.
Sami can't walk anymore.
Sami can't wear these shoes.
Sami can't whistle.
Sami can't work by himself.
Sami can't work in Egypt.
Sami can't work in retail.
Sami can't work on Fridays.
Sami can't work this shift.
Sami can't work tonight.
Sami can't work with Layla because she is unprofessional.
Sami can't yell at the manager.
Sami canceled his party.
Sami canceled the order.
Sami cancelled his will.
Sami cancelled the trip at the last minute.
Sami cancelled the wedding.
Sami cannot believe that Layla did this.
Sami cannot believe this.
Sami cannot clean the house before lunch.
Sami cannot control Layla.
Sami cannot control his sister.
Sami cannot date this girl.
Sami cannot do that.
Sami cannot do this anymore.
Sami cannot even touch Layla.
Sami cannot give you his address.
Sami cannot go back there.
Sami cannot handle this.
Sami cannot protect his kids from seeing these sorts of videos.
Sami cannot read.
Sami cannot remember which of the twins was in his room.
Sami cannot send any pictures to Layla.
Sami cannot work in retail.
Sami captured seabirds and drank their blood.
Sami cared a lot about Layla.
Sami cared a lot about what other people thought about him.
Sami cared about Layla.
Sami cared about everyone in his life.
Sami cared about his children.
Sami cared about his girlfriend and daughter.
Sami cared about you.
Sami cared for Layla's dog.
Sami cared for his dogs.
Sami cared for his wife.
Sami cared so much about Layla.
Sami cared too much about Layla's safety.
Sami carefully entered the empty bedroom.
Sami carefully planned and researched all options.
Sami carefully planned the killings.
Sami cares a lot.
Sami cares about Farid as a friend.
Sami cares about Layla's feelings.
Sami cares about Layla.
Sami cares about his stepchildren.
Sami cares about me.
Sami cares more about his job.
Sami cares so much for his sons.
Sami cares.
Sami carried Layla over to the couch.
Sami carried Layla to her boss's office.
Sami carried Layla.
Sami carried a 9mm pistol.
Sami carried a bookbag.
Sami carried beer to the table.
Sami carried drugs.
Sami carried on living his life in a self-destructing way.
Sami carried the body out to the truck.
Sami carried the dismembered body out of the house.
Sami carries his wallet in his backpack.
Sami carved a symbol into Layla's wooden cabinet.
Sami cashed Layla's check.
Sami cashed in his insurance claims.
Sami cast everything else aside and focused on Layla.
Sami casually called Layla his girlfriend.
Sami catfished Farid.
Sami caught Layla and Farid staring at each other.
Sami caught Layla and Salima smashing.
Sami caught Layla cheating on Farid, but he didn't want to expose her ass.
Sami caught Layla cheating on her husband.
Sami caught Layla cheating on him with a teenager.
Sami caught Layla cheating on him.
Sami caught Layla cheating.
Sami caught Layla drinking.
Sami caught Layla giving a blow job to a boy in her room.
Sami caught Layla having an affair.
Sami caught Layla having sex with her dog.
Sami caught Layla in a lie.
Sami caught Layla in the act.
Sami caught Layla looking at him.
Sami caught Layla off guard.
Sami caught Layla on tape confessing to Farid's murder.
Sami caught Layla planning a date with her lover.
Sami caught Layla redhanded.
Sami caught Layla right in the act.
Sami caught Layla smashing a girl in the toilet.
Sami caught Layla smashing another girl.
Sami caught Layla smoking weed.
Sami caught Layla staring at his crotch.
Sami caught Layla staring at his sausage.
Sami caught Layla sucking face with Farid.
Sami caught Layla talking smack about him.
Sami caught Layla with a boy in her room.
Sami caught Layla with another man.
Sami caught Layla with boys.
Sami caught Layla with her forbidden boyfriend, 35 year old Majid.
Sami caught a colorful bird.
Sami caught a giant spider in the jungle.
Sami caught a huge tarantula.
Sami caught a little blue beetle.
Sami caught a ride.
Sami caught a spider.
Sami caught an intruder in his church.
Sami caught an orange butterfly.
Sami caught his boss having an affair.
Sami caught his girlfriend cheating on him.
Sami caught his son smoking a jay.
Sami caught me off guard.
Sami caught some amazing fish.
Sami caught somebody stealing at the office.
Sami caught the ant with a forceps.
Sami caught the ball.
Sami caught the frisbee.
Sami caught the one-hundred dollar bill mid-air.
Sami caught two girls smashing at work.
Sami caused a lot of damage to the house.
Sami caused a lot of damage.
Sami caused a scene at Layla's wedding.
Sami caused a scene.
Sami caused bruises to Layla.
Sami caused so much drama for Layla.
Sami cautioned Layla to stay away from Farid.
Sami celebrated Christmas with his family.
Sami celebrated his graduation.
Sami celebrated the New Year at a bar.
Sami celebrated the New Year with Layla.
Sami censored some of his video.
Sami certainly doesn't feel bad about it.
Sami certainly has a big appetite.
Sami certainly was honest.
Sami challenged Farid to climb the tallest tree in the park.
Sami changed Layla's birth certificate.
Sami changed Layla's life completely.
Sami changed Layla's life for ever.
Sami changed Layla's life.
Sami changed Layla.
Sami changed a lot.
Sami changed clothes on a daily basis.
Sami changed clothes.
Sami changed his Facebook password.
Sami changed his Facebook status to married.
Sami changed his Facebook status.
Sami changed his YouTube channel name.
Sami changed his address.
Sami changed his appearance and adopted the name Farid Bakir.
Sami changed his clothes.
Sami changed his hairstyle every day.
Sami changed his last name.
Sami changed his life.
Sami changed his look.
Sami changed his mentality.
Sami changed his mind about taking Layla with him.
Sami changed his mind when he learned that he could face the death penalty.
Sami changed his mind.
Sami changed his name and officially became a Bakir.
Sami changed his name.
Sami changed his number.
Sami changed his opinion of Muslims.
Sami changed his phone number several times.
Sami changed his relationship status on Facebook from "in a relationship" to "married."
Sami changed his relationship status on Facebook.
Sami changed his story.
Sami changed his tune.
Sami changed his views.
Sami changed his will several times.
Sami changed into his costume.
Sami changed jobs a lot.
Sami changed my life.
Sami changed outfits.
Sami changed phones and numbers.
Sami changed the address.
Sami changed the baby's diaper.
Sami changed the beneficiary of his life insurance to Layla.
Sami changed the dinner schedule of his dogs.
Sami changed the locks.
Sami changed the name of his YouTube channel.
Sami changed the plan.
Sami changed the price.
Sami changed the script.
Sami changed the subject.
Sami changed the way he was treating Layla.
Sami changed.
Sami charged Layla six hundred dollars.
Sami charged a drunk customer three times.
Sami charged his camera a little bit.
Sami charged his camera.
Sami chased Layla to the bathroom.
Sami chased Layla.
Sami chased people around the park, dressed like a zombie.
Sami chatted to the visitors.
Sami cheat on Layla emotionally.
Sami cheat on Layla.
Sami cheated on Layla two years ago.
Sami cheated on Layla with a minor.
Sami cheated on Layla with a sixteen year old.
Sami cheated on Layla with her best friend.
Sami cheated on Layla with his ex.
Sami cheated on Layla with many different women.
Sami cheated on Layla with other people.
Sami cheated on Layla.
Sami cheated on his girlfriend.
Sami cheated on his wife.
Sami cheated on me with a minor.
Sami cheated on me.
Sami cheated to feel more admired.
Sami cheats and copies in all his exams.
Sami cheats on Layla all the time.
Sami cheats on me all the time.
Sami cheats on me.
Sami checked Layla for a pulse.
Sami checked Layla's e-mails.
Sami checked Layla's feet.
Sami checked Layla's room.
Sami checked along the highway, but there was no sign of Layla.
Sami checked and it was Layla again.
Sami checked everything.
Sami checked himself into a mental health facility.
Sami checked his Facebook page.
Sami checked his Snapchat.
Sami checked his bag.
Sami checked his bags.
Sami checked his e-mail.
Sami checked his gun.
Sami checked his hidden cameras.
Sami checked his messages.
Sami checked his phone.
Sami checked his shoes for scorpions.
Sami checked his text messages.
Sami checked his tires.
Sami checked in and boarded the plane.
Sami checked in for his flight.
Sami checked in.
Sami checked into Layla's background.
Sami checked into a motel.
Sami checked into the hotel.
Sami checked on Layla.
Sami checked out Layla's Instagram.
Sami checked out Layla's e-mails.
Sami checked out his yacht and was stunned to find Layla's purse there.
Sami checked out of rehab.
Sami checked that Facebook post again.
Sami checked that manually.
Sami checked the cash.
Sami checked the computer.
Sami checked the dumpster behind the bar.
Sami checked the engine.
Sami checked the laundry room.
Sami checked the list.
Sami checked the mailbox.
Sami checked the message himself.
Sami checked the order and said it was good.
Sami checked the order himself.
Sami checked the place out.
Sami checked the place.
Sami checked the room and nothing was there.
Sami checked the ticket.
Sami checked the toilet seat.
Sami checked the water bottles and one of them was open.
Sami checked to see if Layla was alive.
Sami checked upstairs.
Sami chewed tobacco from time to time.
Sami chilled with everybody.
Sami chills at the cafeteria with his friends.
Sami choked Layla during sex.
Sami choked Layla in anger.
Sami choked the life out of Layla.
Sami chopped off Farid's penis with a kitchen knife.
Sami chopped off his father's penis with a kitchen knife.
Sami chose Layla over the band.
Sami chose Layla.
Sami chose a different path.
Sami chose a different school to work with.
Sami chose a life of crime.
Sami chose an aisle seat.
Sami chose his time to escape absolutely perfectly.
Sami chose that wig.
Sami chose the direction he was going.
Sami chose the path of Islam.
Sami chose the religion of his father.
Sami chose to convert to Islam.
Sami chose to do porn.
Sami chose to do that.
Sami chose to forgive Layla.
Sami chose to keep it a secret.
Sami chose to kill himself.
Sami chose to overlook all of those things.
Sami chose to reveal the truth.
Sami chose to wait in a standby list.
Sami chose what he thought was right.
Sami circled around out desks, asking us what we were doing.
Sami circumambulated the Kaaba seven times.
Sami claimed Layla killed Farid.
Sami claimed Layla's farm to himself.
Sami claimed Layla's house.
Sami claimed he didn't remember anything.
Sami claimed he feared for his life.
Sami claimed he was feeling sick.
Sami claimed his father's farmhouse to himself.
Sami claimed she wanted to write a book about Layla.
Sami claimed that Layla had tried to break into his house.
Sami claimed that he could contact the dead.
Sami claimed that he could feel when there were bad spirits around him.
Sami claimed that he had lived his life with integrity.
Sami claimed that running over Layla was an accident.
Sami claimed that the product was foreign.
Sami claimed the affair was just a fling.
Sami claimed to be a geologist.
Sami claimed to be a vampire.
Sami claimed to be interested in Layla herself.
Sami claimed to be the ranch's owner.
Sami cleaned Layla's engine.
Sami cleaned all the shit up.
Sami cleaned his closet.
Sami cleaned his living room.
Sami cleaned his mouth.
Sami cleaned his place.
Sami cleaned his shoes.
Sami cleaned his toilet up.
Sami cleaned the dishes.
Sami cleaned the fridge.
Sami cleaned the kitchen up again.
Sami cleaned the toilet.
Sami cleaned up Layla's vomit.
Sami cleaned up everything.
Sami cleaned up his desk.
Sami cleaned up his parrot's cage.
Sami cleaned up the blood.
Sami cleaned up the house.
Sami cleaned up the kitchen.
Sami cleaned up the mess.
Sami cleaned up the store.
Sami cleans the house.
Sami cleans up his room every evening.
Sami clearly didn't care who knew about his affair.
Sami clearly loves Layla.
Sami clicked on a random link.
Sami clicked on a random video.
Sami clicked on that Facebook ad.
Sami clicked on that Facebook advertisement.
Sami clicked on that video.
Sami clicked on the "send" button.
Sami clicked on the button.
Sami clicked on the link.
Sami clicked the link.
Sami climbed Jabal al-Nour to see the Cave of Hira.
Sami climbed a remote mountain in Canada.
Sami climbed a tree.
Sami climbed a very high tree.
Sami climbed in a bulldozer.
Sami climbed that tall tree.
Sami climbed up the mountain.
Sami climbed up the tree.
Sami climbs trees.
Sami clipped his nails.
Sami clipped his parrot's wings.
Sami clocked in at six a.m.
Sami clocked in at six and clocked out at noon.
Sami clocked in at six and left at noon.
Sami clocked in at six.
Sami clocked in for the day, then left.
Sami clocked in six minutes after Layla.
Sami clocked in super early.
Sami clocked in.
Sami clocked out at six.
Sami clocks in early.
Sami closed his clothing store down.
Sami closed his diary.
Sami closed his door.
Sami closed his eyes and cleared his throat.
Sami closed his eyes and went back to sleep.
Sami closed his eyes.
Sami closed his lips.
Sami closed his locker.
Sami closed his mouth.
Sami closed his other store down.
Sami closed his phone.
Sami closed his room door.
Sami closed his store early today.
Sami closed his store.
Sami closed that door.
Sami closed the app and reopened it.
Sami closed the app.
Sami closed the attic door.
Sami closed the attic.
Sami closed the bedroom door to go to sleep.
Sami closed the book.
Sami closed the box.
Sami closed the door behind him.
Sami closed the door but forgot to lock it.
Sami closed the door on Layla.
Sami closed the door.
Sami closed the doors.
Sami closed the freezer door on Layla.
Sami closed the freezer.
Sami closed the gate.
Sami closed the store.
Sami closed the window.
Sami clung to a branch.
Sami clung to life as blood poured from a deep stab wound.
Sami cocked the gun.
Sami coldly ignored Layla.
Sami collapsed and died just days after undergoing a surgical operation.
Sami collapsed to the ground.
Sami collected candles.
Sami collected comic books.
Sami collected medieval weapons.
Sami collected more than sixty thousand dollars in disability payments.
Sami collected some wood.
Sami collected stamps.
Sami collected the shell casings.
Sami collected the tips.
Sami collected wigs.
Sami collects Native American artefacts.
Sami collects china dishware.
Sami come home before six in the morning.
Sami comes at eight o'clock every night.
Sami comes back at six.
Sami comes every Saturday.
Sami comes every week.
Sami comes first above all else.
Sami comes from Cairo.
Sami comes from a conservative family.
Sami comes from a family of six kids.
Sami comes from a lower class.
Sami comes from a shitty school.
Sami comes from a wealthy Jewish family.
Sami comes from a wealthy family.
Sami comes from an Islamic country.
Sami comes from the corporate world.
Sami comes here all the time.
Sami comes home at six.
Sami comes in early.
Sami comes in when he can.
Sami comes over to my apartment pretty much every day.
Sami comes quite frequently.
Sami comes to Bakir Street every Saturday to see Layla.
Sami comes to Cairo every week to see Layla.
Sami comes to Cairo one weekend in every month.
Sami comes to Layla's house all the time.
Sami comes to talk to Layla until she falls asleep sometimes.
Sami comes to visit.
Sami comes to work every other day.
Sami comes with us.
Sami commented about everything.
Sami commented on Layla's photo on Facebook.
Sami commented on Layla's photo.
Sami commented on Layla's pictures on Facebook.
Sami commented on Layla's video.
Sami commented on his own posts.
Sami committed a bloody crime.
Sami committed a crime and he went to work the next day.
Sami committed a crime.
Sami committed a heinous crime.
Sami committed a murder in a church.
Sami committed a serious crime.
Sami committed a thought crime.
Sami committed a violent act.
Sami committed an extremely brutal crime.
Sami committed an offence.
Sami committed crimes that no one had tried before.
Sami committed identity theft.
Sami committed senseless acts in the name of love.
Sami committed six horrific murders.
Sami committed suicide after finding Layla in bed with another man.
Sami committed suicide last night.
Sami committed suicide, as well.
Sami committed suicide.
Sami committed the crime.
Sami committed the murder.
Sami committed these atrocities.
Sami committed these murders.
Sami committed violent crimes.
Sami communicated with Layla's spirit.
Sami communicated with Layla.
Sami communicated with other people.
Sami communicated with the dead.
Sami complained about Layla's dogs.
Sami complained about people stalking him.
Sami complained about that a lot.
Sami complained about that.
Sami complained about the noise in the background.
Sami complained often.
Sami complained to me about his health problems.
Sami complained.
Sami completed his masterpiece.
Sami completed his research.
Sami completed his video.
Sami completely agrees with me.
Sami completely cut Layla's arms at the armpits.
Sami completely cut all ties with Layla once he got fired.
Sami completely forgot about his encounter with Layla that day.
Sami completely ignored Layla's e-mails.
Sami completely ignored Layla.
Sami completely ignored the warning.
Sami completely lied to Layla.
Sami completely lost his mind.
Sami completely shook my confidence in myself.
Sami completely stopped talking to me.
Sami completely took advantage of Layla.
Sami completely understands.
Sami concealed his crime.
Sami concealed his identity.
Sami conceded to his wife's wishes.
Sami concentrated on the test.
Sami concerned about that problem.
Sami condemned Layla for what he had done.
Sami conducted an interview with Layla.
Sami conducted his own search for Layla.
Sami confessed and led the police to Layla.
Sami confessed everything in the interrogation room.
Sami confessed everything.
Sami confessed his sins to be forgiven by God.
Sami confessed his unfaithfulness to Layla.
Sami confessed to Layla's murder.
Sami confessed to Layla.
Sami confessed to both crimes.
Sami confessed to detectives that he and Layla had conspired to kill his wife.
Sami confessed to his role in the crime.
Sami confessed to murdering Layla.
Sami confessed to police that he had shot Layla.
Sami confessed to setting up the robbery.
Sami confessed to the cops.
Sami confessed to the killing of Layla.
Sami confessed to the murder of Layla Bakir.
Sami confessed to the murder.
Sami confessed.
Sami confirmed Layla's account.
Sami confirmed Layla's fears.
Sami confirmed it did happen.
Sami confirmed that Layla was Farid's girlfriend.
Sami confirmed this with his manager.
Sami confirmed what Layla saw.
Sami confronted Layla about her lover.
Sami confronted Layla about it.
Sami confronted Layla about the affair.
Sami confronted Layla about the pregnancy.
Sami confronted Layla about this.
Sami confronted Layla and she confessed everything.
Sami confronted Layla.
Sami confronted his father.
Sami congratulated Layla for her new position.
Sami congratulated Layla.
Sami congratulated his students.
Sami connected the dots.
Sami connected with so many people through his YouTube channel.
Sami conned Layla into loaning him 3000 dollars.
Sami considered Farid his friend.
Sami considered Layla as the perfect Muslim wife.
Sami considered Layla's children like his.
Sami considered a big decision.
Sami considered divorce.
Sami considered himself a true believer.
Sami considered himself an atheist.
Sami considered himself the center of the universe.
Sami considered himself very smart.
Sami considered his options.
Sami considered inviting Layla to his wedding party.
Sami considered suicide was the only option.
Sami considered the trial a disaster for Layla.
Sami considered this as a breakup.
Sami considered this as an invasion of privacy.
Sami considered this cheating.
Sami considered various plans to murder Layla.
Sami considers Layla an enemy because she left his cult.
Sami considers himself a failure.
Sami considers himself a free spirit.
Sami considers this a movie.
Sami considers this a problem.
Sami considers this sacred ground.
Sami consistently denied having an affair with Layla.
Sami constantly called Layla.
Sami constantly felt like someone was watching him.
Sami constantly had people over.
Sami constantly wanted to talk to Layla.
Sami consulted with his lawyer before talking to police.
Sami consummated his marriage with Layla.
Sami contacted Facebook.
Sami contacted Layla from a fake account.
Sami contacted Layla on a website.
Sami contacted Layla.
Sami contacted a photographer.
Sami contacted a private detective.
Sami contacted me.
Sami contacted one of Layla's friends.
Sami contacted that girl.
Sami contacted the owner of the restaurant.
Sami contacted the police and reported that Layla was missing.
Sami contacted the police.
Sami contacted us.
Sami contemplated suicide.
Sami continually raped and abused his daughter.
Sami continued building his hiphop musical career.
Sami continued dating that girl.
Sami continued doing his Buddhist meditation.
Sami continued his affair with Layla.
Sami continued his crime spree.
Sami continued his studies to become a zoologist.
Sami continued his walk.
Sami continued learning about Islam.
Sami continued looking at Layla.
Sami continued on his way.
Sami continued praying.
Sami continued reading the letter.
Sami continued seeing that girl.
Sami continued shooting.
Sami continued talking to Layla.
Sami continued talking to that girl.
Sami continued the affair.
Sami continued to be friends with Layla.
Sami continued to believe in the teachings of Farid Bakir and his cult.
Sami continued to call Layla "Lily" until she quit.
Sami continued to call over and over and over again.
Sami continued to disrespect Layla.
Sami continued to drink it.
Sami continued to e-mail Layla.
Sami continued to eat the steak.
Sami continued to insist that he didn't kill anyone.
Sami continued to lavish Layla with every attention.
Sami continued to live normally.
Sami continued to live there.
Sami continued to look for the money.
Sami continued to maintain his innocence.
Sami continued to message Layla but she just wanted to cut the whole thing off.
Sami continued to pet the dog.
Sami continued to post nude pictures on Facebook.
Sami continued to read that book.
Sami continued to see that girl.
Sami continued to send letters to Layla.
Sami continued to send text messages to Layla.
Sami continued to sit at Layla's lunch table.
Sami continued to stare at Layla.
Sami continued to stir up the hornets' nest.
Sami continued to take appointments and take people's orders and money.
Sami continued to talk to Layla.
Sami continued to talk.
Sami continued to toss dog poop.
Sami continued to walk around.
Sami continued to watch Layla's videos.
Sami continued walking around the house.
Sami continued walking.
Sami continued watching the video.
Sami continued with his life.
Sami continues doing what he loves.
Sami continues to claim his innocence.
Sami continues to do that.
Sami continues to play pranks.
Sami controlled the situation.
Sami controls Layla's life.
Sami controls everything.
Sami converted from Islam to Christianity.
Sami converted to Islam a few months after he was released from jail.
Sami converted to Islam a few weeks later.
Sami converted to Islam a year ago.
Sami converted to Islam a year later.
Sami converted to Islam during college.
Sami converted to Islam in 2006.
Sami converted to Islam in Egypt.
Sami converted to Islam in Ramadan.
Sami converted to Islam in five minutes.
Sami converted to Islam in his late teenage years.
Sami converted to Islam in the mid-sixties.
Sami converted to Islam six and a half years ago.
Sami converted to Islam six months ago.
Sami converted to Islam when he studied in Egypt.
Sami converted to Islam when he was a teenager.
Sami converted to Islam when he was in jail.
Sami converted to Islam when he was sixteen years old.
Sami converted to Islam.
Sami convinced Layla that he was serious.
Sami convinced Layla that he was somebody he was not.
Sami convinced Layla that he was somebody he wasn't.
Sami convinced Layla to come over.
Sami convinced Layla to convert to Islam.
Sami convinced Layla to divorce her husband to marry him.
Sami convinced Layla to get him a gun.
Sami convinced Layla to take out a life insurance policy on herself and make him the sole beneficiary.
Sami convinced Layla to tell the truth.
Sami convinced himself that he hadn't done anything.
Sami cooked Layla a dinner.
Sami cooked Layla a full-course meal.
Sami cooked a chicken.
Sami cooked all the food.
Sami cooked and roasted his victims, then ate them.
Sami cooked dinner for the kids.
Sami cooked every single meal.
Sami cooked for Layla.
Sami cooked some rice.
Sami cooked the meals.
Sami cooked the rice.
Sami cooks with so much love and care.
Sami cooks.
Sami copyrighted the pictures.
Sami corrected the teacher three times.
Sami corroborated Layla's account.
Sami corroborated Layla's story.
Sami could actually be good at this.
Sami could adapt to whatever the situation was.
Sami could always come back.
Sami could back up his claim of self-defense.
Sami could barely carry that suitcase.
Sami could barely get up.
Sami could barely hear Layla.
Sami could barely move.
Sami could barely open his eyes.
Sami could barely read or write.
Sami could barely see Layla's face.
Sami could barely sleep because he was so excited.
Sami could be caught at any moment.
Sami could be cool with anybody.
Sami could be having an affair with Layla's daughter.
Sami could be here any minute.
Sami could be here any time.
Sami could be hit by cars.
Sami could be kicked out of his apartment.
Sami could be murdered.
Sami could be really funny when he wanted to be.
Sami could be recognized at any time.
Sami could be seen from the outside.
Sami could be there for sixteen hours.
Sami could be wrong.
Sami could burn any CD he wanted.
Sami could buy anything he wanted.
Sami could buy this for twenty dollars.
Sami could call Layla at any time.
Sami could change his mind.
Sami could check this for himself.
Sami could cook.
Sami could die of a heart attack.
Sami could die.
Sami could do amazing things when he was drunk.
Sami could do anything he wanted to.
Sami could do anything.
Sami could do it in less time.
Sami could do it in thirty minutes.
Sami could do it with his eyes closed.
Sami could do it.
Sami could do nothing except lie in bed.
Sami could do this to anyone else.
Sami could do whatever he wanted with those photos.
Sami could do whatever he wanted.
Sami could drive a dozer.
Sami could drive my car any time.
Sami could drop whatever he was doing to help Layla.
Sami could easily overpower Layla.
Sami could electrocute himself.
Sami could face life behind bars.
Sami could feel Layla staring at him.
Sami could feel everyone's eyes on him.
Sami could feel it.
Sami could feel that in his soul.
Sami could feel that something else was in the room.
Sami could feel the tension between Layla and Farid.
Sami could fire Layla.
Sami could fix almost anything.
Sami could fix that quickly.
Sami could flick the switch from being a sadistic killer to a loving and caring father.
Sami could get arrested.
Sami could get fired for this.
Sami could get fired.
Sami could get kicked out for this shit.
Sami could get killed.
Sami could get the teacher fired.
Sami could give Layla the life that she wanted.
Sami could go there.
Sami could go to jail.
Sami could go to prison if he helped Layla.
Sami could go to prison.
Sami could go to work at McDonald's with Layla.
Sami could hardly believe it.
Sami could have a weapon in his pocket.
Sami could have been the killer.
Sami could have committed suicide.
Sami could have done better himself.
Sami could have done it.
Sami could have done much better.
Sami could have done something to prevent that.
Sami could have done that crime.
Sami could have done that.
Sami could have fired Layla.
Sami could have gotten arrested.
Sami could have just texted me.
Sami could have just used the toilet.
Sami could have left that night.
Sami could have lost everything if his affair came out.
Sami could have made something out of his life.
Sami could have murdered Layla.
Sami could have protected Layla.
Sami could have used that money to pay for Layla's therapy.
Sami could have walked over there in the middle of the night.
Sami could hear Layla chewing on those pills.
Sami could hear Layla in the next room.
Sami could hear Layla pushing buttons.
Sami could hear Layla screaming.
Sami could hear Layla's footsteps going down the stairs.
Sami could hear Layla's voice.
Sami could hear a baby in the background.
Sami could hear a lot of background noise.
Sami could hear each footstep that anybody would make throughout the house.
Sami could hear every door in that building open and close.
Sami could hear every single word so clearly.
Sami could hear everything.
Sami could hear footsteps.
Sami could hear in Layla's voice a child-like excitement.
Sami could hear me.
Sami could hear people outside the room crying and screaming.
Sami could hear screaming outside.
Sami could hear something else.
Sami could hear that guy talking.
Sami could hear the dentist talking to the receptionist.
Sami could hear the noise so well.
Sami could hear the rain in the background.
Sami could hear the sound of the dogs barking.
Sami could hear the whispering right behind him.
Sami could hear the whispering.
Sami could hear the wind howling.
Sami could hear what was being said in the next room.
Sami could hear yelling outside.
Sami could help change that.
Sami could hurt Layla.
Sami could kill for that.
Sami could knock your head off your shoulders.
Sami could literally take Layla's life from her.
Sami could make Layla laugh.
Sami could make friends with a fucking rock.
Sami could make things much easier.
Sami could move freely around the prison.
Sami could need some help.
Sami could never fix that.
Sami could never hurt a person.
Sami could no longer afford to repair his plane.
Sami could no longer hide his dirty little secret.
Sami could not believe it.
Sami could not bring himself to end the affair.
Sami could not cook.
Sami could not do this without Layla.
Sami could not get a normal job.
Sami could not get his family back to Egypt.
Sami could not get hold of Layla.
Sami could not go anywhere without Layla.
Sami could not go to sleep unless he ate ice cream.
Sami could not have done that.
Sami could not keep his eyes to himself.
Sami could not speak at all.
Sami could not stand Layla's mom.
Sami could not stand Layla's mother.
Sami could not stand Layla.
Sami could not stand that guy.
Sami could not take it anymore.
Sami could not trust Layla.
Sami could only listen to Christian radio stations.
Sami could paint.
Sami could park anywhere.
Sami could provide Layla with a very good life.
Sami could report Layla to the cops.
Sami could ruin Layla's life.
Sami could save Layla.
Sami could see Layla and Farid's chats.
Sami could see Layla creeping around the room.
Sami could see Layla from the balcony.
Sami could see Layla's knees.
Sami could see Layla's makeup glowing in the dark.
Sami could see everything that was happening.
Sami could see how miserable Layla was.
Sami could see me.
Sami could see our chats.
Sami could see that.
Sami could see the disgust on Layla's face.
Sami could see what was going on.
Sami could see what was happening.
Sami could sense that.
Sami could snap on Layla at any moment.
Sami could some pictures of Layla.
Sami could speak.
Sami could stand it no longer.
Sami could still be in Cairo.
Sami could still feel Layla looking at him.
Sami could still hear Layla and Farid arguing.
Sami could still hear Layla and Farid fighting.
Sami could still hear Layla behind him.
Sami could still hear the music from the club in his ears.
Sami could still see the faint mark on Layla's face.
Sami could still walk despite damage to his spinal cord.
Sami could sue them for that.
Sami could sweet-talk his way out of this problem.
Sami could tell that Farid's focus was just on Layla.
Sami could tell that there was something wrong.
Sami could understand that.
Sami could use his shoe laces to hang himself.
Sami could very clearly see that shark.
Sami could wait for months.
Sami couldn't accept rejection.
Sami couldn't afford a proper burial for Layla.
Sami couldn't afford an attorney.
Sami couldn't afford it.
Sami couldn't afford that.
Sami couldn't afford to have a new pair of shoes.
Sami couldn't bathe himself.
Sami couldn't be more wrong.
Sami couldn't bear to leave his girlfriend behind.
Sami couldn't bear to part with the car.
Sami couldn't believe Layla cared so little about him.
Sami couldn't believe Layla did that.
Sami couldn't believe Layla didn't know this.
Sami couldn't believe Layla was alive.
Sami couldn't believe he was in that situation.
Sami couldn't believe his ears.
Sami couldn't believe his eyes.
Sami couldn't believe his good luck.
Sami couldn't believe how expensive those flowers were.
Sami couldn't believe how much Layla looked like a boy.
Sami couldn't believe it.
Sami couldn't believe that Layla could do this.
Sami couldn't believe that Layla was doing this.
Sami couldn't believe that he did that.
Sami couldn't believe that his mom was making that decision.
Sami couldn't believe that that was happening.
Sami couldn't believe that this was a robot.
Sami couldn't believe that.
Sami couldn't believe what he had read.
Sami couldn't believe what he heard.
Sami couldn't believe what was coming out of Layla's mouth.
Sami couldn't believe what was happening.
Sami couldn't blame Layla for losing her shit and cursing at Farid.
Sami couldn't block Layla's phone.
Sami couldn't breathe for an extended period of time.
Sami couldn't breathe.
Sami couldn't calm Layla down.
Sami couldn't care for himself.
Sami couldn't cash the money.
Sami couldn't change Layla's mind.
Sami couldn't change anything in his life.
Sami couldn't charge his camera.
Sami couldn't come across the room and talk to Layla.
Sami couldn't come in to see it.
Sami couldn't concentrate.
Sami couldn't contain his rage.
Sami couldn't control Layla.
Sami couldn't control himself.
Sami couldn't control his body at all.
Sami couldn't control it.
Sami couldn't control that.
Sami couldn't cook.
Sami couldn't cope with rejection.
Sami couldn't deal with it.
Sami couldn't deal with that.
Sami couldn't deny that.
Sami couldn't disclose any information about the case.
Sami couldn't do any of this without Layla.
Sami couldn't do anything at the time.
Sami couldn't do anything for Layla.
Sami couldn't do everything he promised.
Sami couldn't do it.
Sami couldn't do that.
Sami couldn't do this.
Sami couldn't do what he wanted to do.
Sami couldn't drive that night.
Sami couldn't eat.
Sami couldn't escape punishment for the crime.
Sami couldn't even count money.
Sami couldn't even get the word "hi" out of his mouth.
Sami couldn't even leave his room.
Sami couldn't even look at it.
Sami couldn't even make eye contact with me when I looked at him.
Sami couldn't even see that.
Sami couldn't even shut his eyes.
Sami couldn't even smell it.
Sami couldn't even tell where he was hitting Farid.
Sami couldn't even think.
Sami couldn't explain Trinity.
Sami couldn't explain it.
Sami couldn't explain that knocking.
Sami couldn't explain that noise.
Sami couldn't explain that.
Sami couldn't explain the delay.
Sami couldn't fall asleep without ice cream.
Sami couldn't feed himself.
Sami couldn't fight Layla.
Sami couldn't figure out what to do.
Sami couldn't figure out where he knew Layla from.
Sami couldn't figure out who that girl was.
Sami couldn't find Layla anywhere.
Sami couldn't find Layla's Instagram name.
Sami couldn't find Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami couldn't find Layla's grave.
Sami couldn't find Layla's practise anywhere.
Sami couldn't find Layla.
Sami couldn't find a job.
Sami couldn't find clean water on the island.
Sami couldn't find his checkbook.
Sami couldn't find his equilibrium.
Sami couldn't find his phone.
Sami couldn't find the checkbook.
Sami couldn't find the light switch.
Sami couldn't focus on anything.
Sami couldn't get Layla's words out of his mind.
Sami couldn't get a good job because he couldn't get citizenship.
Sami couldn't get a normal job because he wasn't a US citizen.
Sami couldn't get a normal job.
Sami couldn't get himself to do it.
Sami couldn't get his bag back.
Sami couldn't get hold of Layla.
Sami couldn't get off the plane earlier.
Sami couldn't get on any ride.
Sami couldn't get on the rides.
Sami couldn't get out of his neighborhood.
Sami couldn't get out of that situation.
Sami couldn't get over it.
Sami couldn't get the vision in his head.
Sami couldn't get what I was going through.
Sami couldn't give police a good description of the attacker.
Sami couldn't go hang out with Layla.
Sami couldn't go to Layla's house.
Sami couldn't go to his house.
Sami couldn't go to school because of the snowstorm.
Sami couldn't go to school because roads were closed down.
Sami couldn't go to sleep.
Sami couldn't handle it.
Sami couldn't handle that.
Sami couldn't handle the problem.
Sami couldn't have children.
Sami couldn't have heard us.
Sami couldn't have the kids.
Sami couldn't have the trip that he wanted.
Sami couldn't hear Layla anymore.
Sami couldn't hear a fly in that room.
Sami couldn't hear anybody.
Sami couldn't hear anything Layla was saying.
Sami couldn't hear anything.
Sami couldn't hear properly.
Sami couldn't hear the door opening.
Sami couldn't hear.
Sami couldn't hide it.
Sami couldn't just leave them there.
Sami couldn't keep his balance.
Sami couldn't keep the family together.
Sami couldn't keep up.
Sami couldn't leave school.
Sami couldn't leave the child there.
Sami couldn't leave the house. He was grounded.
Sami couldn't leave the room.
Sami couldn't lift Layla's body off the ground.
Sami couldn't lift his mother out of the tub.
Sami couldn't lift that box.
Sami couldn't lock the door from the passenger door.
Sami couldn't make that promise.
Sami couldn't make this happen.
Sami couldn't make up his mind.
Sami couldn't memorize the number.
Sami couldn't move his arm.
Sami couldn't open the door.
Sami couldn't pass the test.
Sami couldn't pay employees.
Sami couldn't pay his mortgage.
Sami couldn't perform procedures on patients.
Sami couldn't possibly fight that guy.
Sami couldn't prove Layla's adultery.
Sami couldn't prove his alibi.
Sami couldn't read very well.
Sami couldn't really sleep at all.
Sami couldn't recognize me.
Sami couldn't remember specific memories from his childhood.
Sami couldn't resist the temptation.
Sami couldn't return any of Layla's help.
Sami couldn't run away from his assailants.
Sami couldn't run.
Sami couldn't say anything.
Sami couldn't see Layla.
Sami couldn't see any of them.
Sami couldn't see anything.
Sami couldn't see his target.
Sami couldn't see it.
Sami couldn't see much.
Sami couldn't see that star.
Sami couldn't see us.
Sami couldn't see what Layla was doing.
Sami couldn't see what Layla was looking at.
Sami couldn't see who the driver was.
Sami couldn't see who was in the car.
Sami couldn't see who was inside the car.
Sami couldn't shake the feeling that the killer was still nearby looking for him.
Sami couldn't sit there for an hour.
Sami couldn't sleep at night.
Sami couldn't sleep.
Sami couldn't speed up.
Sami couldn't stand Layla's boyfriend.
Sami couldn't stand Layla's mother.
Sami couldn't stand Layla's sister.
Sami couldn't stand Layla.
Sami couldn't stand being poor like this.
Sami couldn't stand it.
Sami couldn't stand that noise.
Sami couldn't start his car.
Sami couldn't stop it from happening.
Sami couldn't stop laughing.
Sami couldn't stop shivering.
Sami couldn't stop smoking weed.
Sami couldn't stop smoking.
Sami couldn't stop staring at Layla.
Sami couldn't stop thinking about Layla.
Sami couldn't stop thinking about getting a girlfriend.
Sami couldn't stop thinking about that.
Sami couldn't stop throwing up.
Sami couldn't stop.
Sami couldn't take Layla away from her mother.
Sami couldn't take a breath.
Sami couldn't take his eyes off Layla.
Sami couldn't take it anymore.
Sami couldn't take the pain.
Sami couldn't talk on the phone with Layla.
Sami couldn't talk on the phone.
Sami couldn't talk proper Arabic.
Sami couldn't talk to Layla.
Sami couldn't talk to anyone about his conversion to Islam.
Sami couldn't talk.
Sami couldn't tell Layla.
Sami couldn't tell his parents.
Sami couldn't tell us what that noise was.
Sami couldn't testify to anything that he didn't personally hear or see.
Sami couldn't think anymore.
Sami couldn't trust Layla.
Sami couldn't trust that girl.
Sami couldn't turn around.
Sami couldn't understand Layla's anger.
Sami couldn't understand me anymore.
Sami couldn't understand me.
Sami couldn't understand that book.
Sami couldn't unlock the door.
Sami couldn't wait any longer.
Sami couldn't wait to go see Layla.
Sami couldn't wait to see Laila in that wedding dress.
Sami couldn't wait to see Layla in that wedding dress.
Sami couldn't wait to see Layla.
Sami couldn't wait to see Leila in that wedding dress.
Sami couldn't wait to see Leylah in that wedding dress.
Sami couldn't wait to tell the cops that he was responsible.
Sami couldn't wait.
Sami couldn't walk.
Sami counted on Layla to explain that to the cops.
Sami counted the boxes twice.
Sami counted the boxes.
Sami counted the cookies and found one missing.
Sami counted the money.
Sami counted to six.
Sami covered Layla with a blanket.
Sami covered Layla's body with a towel.
Sami covered Layla's body with newspapers.
Sami covered Layla's mouth.
Sami covered Layla's nose and mouth.
Sami covered for Layla.
Sami covered his deceit perfectly.
Sami covered his neck.
Sami covered his tattoo.
Sami covered his tracks.
Sami covered the story for CBC.
Sami cracked Layla's safe open.
Sami cracked his window to have some fresh air come in.
Sami cracked the bottle open.
Sami cracked the door open.
Sami cracked the window open.
Sami crashed Layla's car.
Sami crashed through the guardrail.
Sami craved love.
Sami craved notoriety.
Sami craved that.
Sami crawled in through this window.
Sami crawled into his bed.
Sami crawled into the window.
Sami created a fake account on Instagram.
Sami created a fake account.
Sami created a new life for himself.
Sami created a phony e-mail address.
Sami created a second YouTube channel.
Sami created an alias.
Sami created his own story.
Sami created magic with flowers.
Sami created many cartoon characters.
Sami created many fake accounts on Facebook.
Sami created many problems.
Sami created tension in the office.
Sami created the video.
Sami created this mess.
Sami created this video.
Sami creeped me out, to say the least.
Sami crept out of his bed.
Sami cried a lot of times.
Sami cried all the time.
Sami cried and cried.
Sami cried for four days.
Sami cried on the phone.
Sami cried practically every single day because of that.
Sami cried real loud.
Sami cried when Layla announced her conversion to Islam.
Sami cried when he heard Layla take the shahada.
Sami cries so easily.
Sami criticized Layla's parenting skills.
Sami criticized the Pope.
Sami criticizes himself so much.
Sami crossed a train track.
Sami crossed his arms.
Sami crossed his fingers.
Sami crossed his legs.
Sami crossed paths with Layla and Farid.
Sami crossed paths with Layla.
Sami crossed that line.
Sami crossed the border.
Sami crossed the line too far with Layla.
Sami crossed the line.
Sami crossed the road and got to the other curb.
Sami crossed the street.
Sami crossed the wrong people.
Sami crumbled to the floor.
Sami crushed Layla's head with a pavement stone.
Sami crushed Layla's skull with a brick.
Sami crushed the poisonous pills and dissolved them into juice.
Sami cursed at one of our servers.
Sami cursed at the server.
Sami cursed out Layla's friends.
Sami cursed.
Sami curses a lot.
Sami cut Layla off for no reason.
Sami cut Layla off on Facebook.
Sami cut Layla out of his life.
Sami cut Layla's body up.
Sami cut Layla's hair off.
Sami cut Layla's hair.
Sami cut Layla's head off to make it impossible to identify her.
Sami cut Layla's head off.
Sami cut Layla's phone lines.
Sami cut a deal with the prosecutor.
Sami cut a hole in the ceiling.
Sami cut all his hair off.
Sami cut everything off with his ex.
Sami cut his best friend out of his life.
Sami cut his daughter's hair off.
Sami cut his daughter's hair.
Sami cut his family visit short.
Sami cut his finger and went to get a bandaid.
Sami cut his finger.
Sami cut his girlfriend off.
Sami cut his hair.
Sami cut his hand while playing with his dog.
Sami cut it short.
Sami cut off Layla financially.
Sami cut off Layla's babysitter.
Sami cut off all communication with Layla.
Sami cut off all communication with his family.
Sami cut off his troubled daughter.
Sami cut off those friends.
Sami cut the bullet out of Layla's arm.
Sami cut the cake.
Sami cut the sleeves of his shirt off.
Sami cut ties with Layla.
Sami cut up the apples.
Sami cut up the fruits.
Sami cut up the lemons.
Sami cut up the oranges.
Sami cycled around the world.
Sami damaged Layla's reputation.
Sami danced beautiful.
Sami danced beautifully.
Sami danced like a ballerina.
Sami danced with Layla.
Sami danced with his daughter.
Sami danced with the strippers.
Sami danced.
Sami dated Layla and she gave him chlamydia.
Sami dated Layla for a few weeks.
Sami dated Layla for a good solid year.
Sami dated Layla for a little bit.
Sami dated Layla for a long time.
Sami dated Layla for six months before Salima.
Sami dated Layla's little sister.
Sami dated Layla's sister.
Sami dated Layla.
Sami dated a deaf-mute woman.
Sami dated a lot of different women.
Sami dated a lot.
Sami dated a prostitute.
Sami dated a sixteen year old girl when he was twenty six.
Sami dated a stripper named Layla.
Sami dated a white girl.
Sami dated black girls.
Sami dated many girls in high school.
Sami dated more than a dozen women in Cairo.
Sami dated the daughter of a millionaire.
Sami daydreamed about owning a mansion.
Sami deactivated the alarm.
Sami deals with that a lot.
Sami deals with this all the time.
Sami deals with this type of call all the time.
Sami dealt Layla a fatal blow.
Sami dealt the cards.
Sami dealt used car.
Sami dealt with his anger issues.
Sami dealt with his anger.
Sami dealt with his personal pain by writing about it in his diary.
Sami decapitated a dog.
Sami deceived Layla.
Sami decided Layla's fate.
Sami decided against those shoes.
Sami decided he had had enough.
Sami decided he had to come clean with Layla.
Sami decided he had to do whatever it took to restore his marriage.
Sami decided he needed a change.
Sami decided he should stay at his parents' house.
Sami decided he was going to end Layla's life.
Sami decided not to be jealous.
Sami decided not to book Layla on any more night shifts.
Sami decided not to call the police.
Sami decided not to press charges.
Sami decided not to tell this to Layla.
Sami decided that he would be his own lawyer.
Sami decided that this was the solution to the problem.
Sami decided to amputate his big toe.
Sami decided to ask Layla out.
Sami decided to become a homosexual.
Sami decided to become a missionary to bring Muslims into Christianity.
Sami decided to become an atheist.
Sami decided to bleach his hair.
Sami decided to block Layla on Facebook.
Sami decided to break up with his girlfriend.
Sami decided to bring Layla on a long journey back to Egypt.
Sami decided to buy a mansion.
Sami decided to change his gender, but people in his country would kill him for that.
Sami decided to confront Layla about it.
Sami decided to confront Layla about the affair.
Sami decided to contact the FBI.
Sami decided to continue stabbing Layla.
Sami decided to convert to Islam.
Sami decided to cooperate.
Sami decided to cut Layla off.
Sami decided to denounce Christ and become an atheist.
Sami decided to do a very stupid thing.
Sami decided to do away with Layla.
Sami decided to do it anyways.
Sami decided to do it.
Sami decided to do some digging of his own.
Sami decided to do the exact same thing.
Sami decided to drive over and check up on Layla.
Sami decided to dye his hair.
Sami decided to end his life.
Sami decided to end the conversation.
Sami decided to escape.
Sami decided to fake his own disappearance.
Sami decided to fight for his marriage and make it work.
Sami decided to film this.
Sami decided to focus on his career.
Sami decided to focus on school.
Sami decided to follow in the footsteps of his father.
Sami decided to forgive Layla.
Sami decided to get off on the second stop.
Sami decided to give Layla a chance to explain that.
Sami decided to give Layla another chance.
Sami decided to give his heart to Islam.
Sami decided to give it a try.
Sami decided to go back to Egypt.
Sami decided to go back to school to pursue his studies.
Sami decided to go back with Layla.
Sami decided to go missing.
Sami decided to go outside.
Sami decided to go shopping.
Sami decided to go to a club.
Sami decided to go to the mall.
Sami decided to go up to the attic and get some Christmas decorations.
Sami decided to go with Layla.
Sami decided to go.
Sami decided to hire new people.
Sami decided to ignore his right to remain silent.
Sami decided to keep his distance.
Sami decided to lay there for a few more minutes.
Sami decided to leave Layla for good.
Sami decided to leave his class.
Sami decided to leave the house.
Sami decided to leave.
Sami decided to let God deal with Layla.
Sami decided to let God do the work.
Sami decided to let Layla go.
Sami decided to make an exception.
Sami decided to make the story more entertaining.
Sami decided to marry Layla as soon as he could.
Sami decided to message Layla on Instagram.
Sami decided to move back home to Egypt.
Sami decided to move back to Cairo.
Sami decided to move out of the house.
Sami decided to move out.
Sami decided to move to another apartment.
Sami decided to play around with a Ouija board with his roommates.
Sami decided to plead guilty.
Sami decided to prank Layla.
Sami decided to put God in the center of his life.
Sami decided to put on a temporary tattoo on his right shoulder.
Sami decided to quit Walmart.
Sami decided to quit smoking weed.
Sami decided to reconcile with Layla.
Sami decided to recruit Layla as a shot girl.
Sami decided to rent a room.
Sami decided to return home to Cairo.
Sami decided to sell his house.
Sami decided to set up a YouTube channel.
Sami decided to sit next to me.
Sami decided to spend the 4th of July at his parents' place.
Sami decided to spend the night at Layla's house.
Sami decided to stay there.
Sami decided to stay up.
Sami decided to stay.
Sami decided to stop messaging Layla on Facebook.
Sami decided to sue Layla.
Sami decided to take Layla home.
Sami decided to take Layla's money.
Sami decided to take a brave step.
Sami decided to take a break.
Sami decided to take action.
Sami decided to take care of Layla.
Sami decided to take his dogs to the beach.
Sami decided to take justice into his own hands.
Sami decided to take matters into his own hands.
Sami decided to take revenge on his wife.
Sami decided to talk to Layla that night.
Sami decided to teach Layla a lesson.
Sami decided to tell Layla about the affair through social media.
Sami decided to tell Layla the story.
Sami decided to testify.
Sami decided to text Layla back.
Sami decided to try again.
Sami decided to turn a blind eye to the truth.
Sami decided to turn his life around.
Sami decided to upload the video on YouTube.
Sami decided to walk into the bar.
Sami decided to watch this movie.
Sami decided to wear a suit.
Sami declared a war to the whole neighborhood.
Sami declared bankruptcy.
Sami declared he was Muslim.
Sami declined our request for an interview.
Sami declined to press charges.
Sami decorated his room.
Sami decorated the apartment.
Sami decorated the backyard.
Sami decorated the house for Christmas.
Sami decorated the house.
Sami decorated the office.
Sami decorated the place in his distinctive style.
Sami decorated the yard.
Sami dedicated his life to God.
Sami dedicated his life to becoming an attorney.
Sami dedicated his life to protect these wonderful virgin forests.
Sami dedicated this song to Layla.
Sami defected from ISIS.
Sami defended himself against blow after blow.
Sami defended the honor of his mother.
Sami definitely doesn't deserve to be fired.
Sami definitely needs this.
Sami definitely saw us.
Sami dehumanized his victims.
Sami deleted Layla from his friend list.
Sami deleted Layla on everything.
Sami deleted Layla's photo from the computer.
Sami deleted a lot of photos from his Instagram.
Sami deleted all Layla's text messages.
Sami deleted all his videos.
Sami deleted all of Layla's messages.
Sami deleted all of those phone numbers.
Sami deleted all the pictures.
Sami deleted all the videos.
Sami deleted every e-mail he had received from Layla.
Sami deleted everything.
Sami deleted his Facebook.
Sami deleted his Instagram.
Sami deleted his account.
Sami deleted his social media accounts.
Sami deleted me as a friend.
Sami deleted the entire conversation.
Sami deleted the live footage.
Sami deleted the messages.
Sami deleted the pictures.
Sami deleted the video by accident.
Sami deleted the video immediately.
Sami deleted the video.
Sami deleted those e-mails.
Sami deleted those videos.
Sami deliberately caused this fire.
Sami deliberately turned his phone to airplane mode.
Sami delivered Layla her pizza.
Sami delivered Layla the news.
Sami delivered a card to Layla's mother.
Sami delivered a powerful eulogy.
Sami delivered a shocking revelation.
Sami delivered newspapers every single morning.
Sami delivered pizza.
Sami delivered pizzas at night.
Sami delivered weed to Layla.
Sami delivers the morning paper in the neighborhood.
Sami demanded a lawyer.
Sami demanded a new autopsy.
Sami demanded the house be solely in his name.
Sami demanded to see Layla's phone.
Sami demonstrated to the tourists how to saddle a camel.
Sami denied any involvement in Layla's death.
Sami denied any involvement in the crime.
Sami denied cancelling the wedding.
Sami denied ever beating Layla.
Sami denied everything.
Sami denied he had been sleeping with Layla at all.
Sami denied he murdered Layla.
Sami denied his child.
Sami denied his daughter.
Sami denied it all.
Sami denied it.
Sami denied killing Layla.
Sami depended on Layla to take care of him.
Sami depended on sleeping tablets.
Sami deposited all the cash at the bank.
Sami deposited two checks at the bank.
Sami derived a great deal of enjoyment from that experience.
Sami descended into a life of despair.
Sami descended into the basement, pistol drawn.
Sami descended the basement steps.
Sami described Farid as a child molester.
Sami described Layla as a someone who was highly volatile.
Sami described Layla as a whole different woman.
Sami described Layla as evil almost beyond belief.
Sami described Layla's attitude during that time.
Sami described a horrid scene.
Sami described everything he saw.
Sami described his life in the early thirties.
Sami described his relationship with his wife Layla.
Sami described that as a first date.
Sami described the scene.
Sami described the suspect.
Sami described the watch he saw at the mall.
Sami deserted his entire family.
Sami deserted his wife and children.
Sami deserved a medal.
Sami deserved it.
Sami deserved more time in jail.
Sami deserved the job.
Sami deserved this.
Sami deserved to be bitten by that dog.
Sami deserves a little holiday.
Sami deserves a second chance.
Sami deserves better.
Sami deserves it.
Sami deserves more than that.
Sami deserves recognition for this.
Sami deserves so much love and happiness.
Sami deserves the promotion.
Sami deserves the punishment.
Sami deserves to know about the affair.
Sami deserves way better.
Sami desperately phoned police.
Sami desperately tried to calm Farid down.
Sami desperately tried to get more information about that.
Sami desperately wanted his kids back.
Sami despised Layla.
Sami despises prostitutes for their lifestyle.
Sami destroyed Layal's confidence.
Sami destroyed Layla's confidence.
Sami destroyed Layla's family.
Sami destroyed Layla's life.
Sami destroyed Layla's reputation.
Sami destroyed Layla's vehicle.
Sami destroyed his diary.
Sami destroyed his family.
Sami destroyed his own children.
Sami destroyed the life of Layla Bakir.
Sami destroyed the life of his children.
Sami detailed his love for Layla in his journal.
Sami detailed his relationship with Layla.
Sami detailed the graphic abuse.
Sami developed a cancer of the throat.
Sami developed a relationship with Layla.
Sami developed a sense of inner peace about the murder.
Sami developed an addiction to painkillers to cope with the pain.
Sami developed an eating disorder.
Sami developed his own language. He had his own words for things.
Sami developed issues when he was a child.
Sami developed loathing for his family.
Sami developed telepathic superpowers.
Sami devised a cunning plan to cover his tracks.
Sami devised a simple plan to help Layla.
Sami devoted himself to Layla when she got ill.
Sami devoted himself to building a perfect American life.
Sami dialled 911.
Sami dialled Layla's number and hung up many times.
Sami dialled the number day and night.
Sami did 101's with some teachers.
Sami did Layla wrong.
Sami did Layla's hair.
Sami did a YouTube series.
Sami did a background check on Layla.
Sami did a bad job.
Sami did a crazy thing.
Sami did a good amount of planning for this murder.
Sami did a good job today.
Sami did a good job.
Sami did a horrible job.
Sami did a horrible thing.
Sami did a little bit of his own investigating.
Sami did a lot of fighting on behalf of other people.
Sami did a lot of horrible things.
Sami did a lot of stuff like that.
Sami did a lot of wicked selfish things.
Sami did a mini-presentation on a book he read.
Sami did a monster's thing.
Sami did a music video.
Sami did a new song.
Sami did a new video.
Sami did a nice job.
Sami did a photo shoot with actual lions.
Sami did a photo shoot with lions.
Sami did a pretty good job.
Sami did a quick scan of the room and saw Layla.
Sami did a really good job.
Sami did a really stupid thing.
Sami did a remarkable job.
Sami did a rude thing.
Sami did a separate video on that.
Sami did a similar thing.
Sami did a six-week residential training course.
Sami did a survey on Facebook.
Sami did a sworn deposition.
Sami did a topless photo shoot with Layla.
Sami did a topless shoot with Layla.
Sami did a training.
Sami did a very foolish thing.
Sami did a very good business.
Sami did a very stupid thing.
Sami did a video about that.
Sami did a video about this.
Sami did a video.
Sami did a wonderful job.
Sami did acid.
Sami did actually say it.
Sami did all of that.
Sami did all of those things.
Sami did all that he could.
Sami did all those things.
Sami did an Elvis song.
Sami did an amazing job with Layla.
Sami did an amazing job.
Sami did an easy-peasy job.
Sami did an entire video on that.
Sami did an evil act.
Sami did an investigation.
Sami did another search on Google.
Sami did another video about himself.
Sami did another video about that.
Sami did another video with Layla.
Sami did another video.
Sami did armed robberies at stores.
Sami did believe in God.
Sami did biking.
Sami did cocaine.
Sami did different things.
Sami did drugs at work.
Sami did drugs in the school hallways.
Sami did drugs when he was younger.
Sami did drugs with Layla.
Sami did drugs.
Sami did errands for Layla.
Sami did everything Layla said.
Sami did everything for his kids.
Sami did everything he could to escape.
Sami did everything he could to keep Layla out of trouble.
Sami did everything he could to keep the clinic open.
Sami did everything he could to paint Layla in the most negative light possible.
Sami did everything he could to solve the situation.
Sami did everything he could with the resources he had.
Sami did everything he had to do.
Sami did everything he was supposed to do.
Sami did everything he was told to do.
Sami did everything in his power to get Layla's custody.
Sami did everything to satisfy Layla.
Sami did everything under the sun to try to help Layla.
Sami did extremely well at school when he wanted to.
Sami did four years of high school.
Sami did funny things on Instagram.
Sami did ghusl from janaabah in the middle of the night after having a wet dream.
Sami did great.
Sami did have a drinking problem.
Sami did have a problem.
Sami did have an affair with Layla.
Sami did his best to create some distance from Layla.
Sami did his best to help Layla find her lost dog.
Sami did his best to make ends meet.
Sami did his best.
Sami did his job properly.
Sami did his job.
Sami did his math exercises.
Sami did his own thing.
Sami did his part as a dad.
Sami did his thing.
Sami did his training.
Sami did his usual job.
Sami did his work.
Sami did hours of interviews with the FBI.
Sami did istikhara.
Sami did it again.
Sami did it all by himself.
Sami did it himself.
Sami did it in front of my face.
Sami did it in self-defense.
Sami did it just for fun.
Sami did it on purpose.
Sami did it once.
Sami did it purely for fun.
Sami did it with the best of intentions.
Sami did it.
Sami did just as he was instructed.
Sami did learn his lesson.
Sami did leave.
Sami did like Layla.
Sami did love Layla.
Sami did marijuana.
Sami did me wrong.
Sami did more harm than good.
Sami did more modeling.
Sami did need Layla but not as much as Layla needed him.
Sami did nice things to his children.
Sami did not become a suspect.
Sami did not believe in privacy when it came to kids.
Sami did not care.
Sami did not commit suicide.
Sami did not contact the authorities.
Sami did not date black women.
Sami did not do anything that caused Layla's death.
Sami did not do drugs.
Sami did not do that.
Sami did not expect that.
Sami did not expect this to happen.
Sami did not feel safe anywhere.
Sami did not feel safe at home.
Sami did not fool the police for very long.
Sami did not have a lot of common sense.
Sami did not kill Layla.
Sami did not know how to start a convo.
Sami did not know what it was.
Sami did not like Islam.
Sami did not like his new stepfather.
Sami did not like me for obvious reasons.
Sami did not like me.
Sami did not like that.
Sami did not look good.
Sami did not look like a film director.
Sami did not make it.
Sami did not need that.
Sami did not play the game.
Sami did not play.
Sami did not respect that at all.
Sami did not seem to care about that.
Sami did not talk to me for like a good day.
Sami did not testify.
Sami did not tolerate this kind of behavior.
Sami did not trust Layla.
Sami did not want to have anything to do with Layla.
Sami did not want to look.
Sami did not want to lose his relationship with Layla.
Sami did not want to take custody of the kids.
Sami did nothing all day long.
Sami did nothing to Layla.
Sami did nothing to deserve that.
Sami did nothing to help Layla.
Sami did nothing wrong.
Sami did nothing.
Sami did really crazy abusive things.
Sami did scare me.
Sami did scientific studies on this.
Sami did several videos with Layla.
Sami did several videos.
Sami did shit like that.
Sami did skip school after that.
Sami did smoke weed.
Sami did so much counseling.
Sami did so much for his employee.
Sami did so well at school that he was able to skip two grades.
Sami did so well at that.
Sami did some digging and found some information about Layla.
Sami did some graffiti work.
Sami did some research on Layla's number.
Sami did some research on ghosts before going to sleep.
Sami did something a little bit different.
Sami did something extremely inappropriate.
Sami did something he never thought he would do.
Sami did something really bad.
Sami did something stupid and so amateurish.
Sami did something stupid.
Sami did something with Layla.
Sami did something wrong.
Sami did something.
Sami did tai chi for six years.
Sami did talk to Layla.
Sami did terrible things.
Sami did that a couple of times.
Sami did that a few years ago.
Sami did that a lot.
Sami did that after school.
Sami did that again.
Sami did that all by himself.
Sami did that all the time.
Sami did that anyway.
Sami did that as a joke.
Sami did that because he liked Layla.
Sami did that before he boarded.
Sami did that every single day.
Sami did that for Layla.
Sami did that for a couple of months.
Sami did that for a lot of different reasons.
Sami did that for a minute.
Sami did that for a pack of cigarette.
Sami did that for hours.
Sami did that for personal reasons.
Sami did that for seven weeks.
Sami did that for the band.
Sami did that his whole life.
Sami did that in a very nice and polite way.
Sami did that in front of everybody.
Sami did that in front of the children.
Sami did that in front of the kids.
Sami did that just to embarrass Layla.
Sami did that last time.
Sami did that on Instagram.
Sami did that on his birthday.
Sami did that on multiple occasions.
Sami did that on purpose.
Sami did that real quick.
Sami did that shit on purpose.
Sami did that shit.
Sami did that sincerely.
Sami did that stuff.
Sami did that that morning.
Sami did that to his best friend.
Sami did that to throw suspicion on Layla.
Sami did that, too.
Sami did that.
Sami did the actual work.
Sami did the best thing that he could to help Layla.
Sami did the detective work.
Sami did the first two exercises.
Sami did the impossible to find Layla.
Sami did the interview.
Sami did the job.
Sami did the morning shift.
Sami did the right thing, I think.
Sami did the right thing.
Sami did the same thing over and over again.
Sami did the same thing that he always did.
Sami did the same thing.
Sami did the same.
Sami did the shopping.
Sami did the unthinkable.
Sami did the wrong thing by leaving like that.
Sami did things he wasn't supposed to do.
Sami did this at night.
Sami did this because he was drunk.
Sami did this before the dawn.
Sami did this during the school year.
Sami did this for another second.
Sami did this for fun.
Sami did this literally every week for like literally a year.
Sami did this once.
Sami did this shit in front of all of us.
Sami did this to Layla.
Sami did this to a lot of girls.
Sami did this to me.
Sami did this to relieve his stress.
Sami did this video in a hotel room.
Sami did this video.
Sami did this.
Sami did two videos about that.
Sami did uninterrupted fasting.
Sami did very well in the exam.
Sami did what Layla asked him to do.
Sami did what Layla said.
Sami did what Layla was telling me to do.
Sami did what he could to help Layla fix her situation.
Sami did what he did.
Sami did what he normally does.
Sami did what he wanted to do.
Sami did what he was instructed.
Sami did what he was told.
Sami did what was right.
Sami did whatever Layla said.
Sami did whatever Layla told him to do, and that included murder.
Sami did whatever he wanted throughout the day.
Sami did whatever he wanted to do.
Sami did whatever he wanted.
Sami did whatever made him happy.
Sami didn't accept Layla's friend request on Facebook.
Sami didn't accuse anyone of anything.
Sami didn't agree with Layla.
Sami didn't allow Layla to listen to music.
Sami didn't allow Layla's children to touch his dog.
Sami didn't allow dogs into his apartment.
Sami didn't allow his roommate to use his fridge.
Sami didn't answer Layal's call.
Sami didn't answer Layla's call.
Sami didn't answer his phone.
Sami didn't answer me.
Sami didn't answer right away.
Sami didn't answer the phone.
Sami didn't apologize.
Sami didn't appreciate that.
Sami didn't arrive for work on Monday morning.
Sami didn't ask Layla if she wanted to go anywhere with him.
Sami didn't ask Layla to come.
Sami didn't ask Layla to do anything.
Sami didn't ask Layla.
Sami didn't ask any question.
Sami didn't ask anybody else.
Sami didn't ask his mom for money.
Sami didn't ask the manager if it was OK to do that.
Sami didn't attend any meeting.
Sami didn't attend any special education meetings.
Sami didn't back up his computer hard drive.
Sami didn't became a victim.
Sami didn't behave like an ordinary child.
Sami didn't believe Layla.
Sami didn't believe anything.
Sami didn't believe in God.
Sami didn't believe in ghosts.
Sami didn't believe in himself.
Sami didn't believe in our relationship.
Sami didn't believe in privacy when it came to kids.
Sami didn't believe in religion.
Sami didn't believe me about Layla.
Sami didn't believe that Jesus was crucified.
Sami didn't believe that Layla was really to blame for Farid's death.
Sami didn't believe that he could trust Layla again.
Sami didn't believe that it happened.
Sami didn't believe there was a God or another life.
Sami didn't believe us.
Sami didn't bother to ask Layla about that.
Sami didn't break the TV.
Sami didn't bring Layla anything for her birthday.
Sami didn't bring alcohol into his room.
Sami didn't bring lunch from home.
Sami didn't bring plates to the table.
Sami didn't bring that up.
Sami didn't bully anybody.
Sami didn't buy Layla another shot.
Sami didn't buy a ring.
Sami didn't buy any liquor for the party.
Sami didn't buy anything.
Sami didn't buy shit.
Sami didn't buy this sweater through Amazon.
Sami didn't buy weed that night.
Sami didn't buy weed.
Sami didn't call 911 right away.
Sami didn't call Layla back.
Sami didn't call anybody to come pick him up.
Sami didn't call anyone else.
Sami didn't call for help.
Sami didn't call in to explain.
Sami didn't call me back.
Sami didn't call that phone.
Sami didn't call the police.
Sami didn't call.
Sami didn't care about Layla said.
Sami didn't care about anybody else's life.
Sami didn't care about anything.
Sami didn't care about the rules back then.
Sami didn't care about what his lovers were risking.
Sami didn't care about working Saturday night.
Sami didn't care anymore.
Sami didn't care but his mom cared.
Sami didn't care for that.
Sami didn't care how crazy he looked.
Sami didn't care that he was in the house of God.
Sami didn't care what Layla wanted him to do.
Sami didn't care what everybody else did.
Sami didn't care what her name was.
Sami didn't care what his mom told him to do.
Sami didn't care where Layla was.
Sami didn't care who did it.
Sami didn't care who was listening or watching.
Sami didn't care who was watching.
Sami didn't care.
Sami didn't catfish anybody.
Sami didn't challenge that.
Sami didn't change anything.
Sami didn't change at all.
Sami didn't chase Layla.
Sami didn't cheat during the test.
Sami didn't choose his room.
Sami didn't clean up after himself.
Sami didn't close the door right.
Sami didn't come from the best of background.
Sami didn't come from the best of backgrounds.
Sami didn't come from the best of homes.
Sami didn't come here to fight anybody.
Sami didn't come here.
Sami didn't come home at the weekend.
Sami didn't come home last night.
Sami didn't come home.
Sami didn't come to Canada for this.
Sami didn't come to Canada in 2006 for this.
Sami didn't come to answer the phone.
Sami didn't come to church.
Sami didn't come to school.
Sami didn't come to take the flowers.
Sami didn't come to the game.
Sami didn't come to the party.
Sami didn't come to work.
Sami didn't come with us. It was just me and my mom.
Sami didn't come.
Sami didn't commit any crimes.
Sami didn't commit this crime.
Sami didn't communicate with his managers.
Sami didn't communicate with his wife.
Sami didn't confirm anything.
Sami didn't consider Layla a threat.
Sami didn't count the money.
Sami didn't cry at the funeral.
Sami didn't cry.
Sami didn't cut his hair.
Sami didn't dare tell Layla his secret.
Sami didn't dare to look back.
Sami didn't date anybody else.
Sami didn't date black women.
Sami didn't deal with it.
Sami didn't deny anything.
Sami didn't deny having an affair with Layla.
Sami didn't deny that he was having an affair.
Sami didn't deserve Layla.
Sami didn't deserve a tragic death like that.
Sami didn't deserve that.
Sami didn't deserve this.
Sami didn't deserve to die in this appalling way.
Sami didn't deserve to die like that.
Sami didn't deserve to get kicked out.
Sami didn't die of natural causes.
Sami didn't disclose what company he worked for.
Sami didn't discuss this with his wife.
Sami didn't disobey his father.
Sami didn't divorce Layla.
Sami didn't divulge a whole lot about himself.
Sami didn't do a very intelligent thing.
Sami didn't do a video.
Sami didn't do any of those things that they're saying that he did.
Sami didn't do any transaction with Layla.
Sami didn't do anything about it.
Sami didn't do anything crazy.
Sami didn't do anything illegal.
Sami didn't do anything to Layla to deserve that.
Sami didn't do anything to Layla.
Sami didn't do anything to defend Layla.
Sami didn't do anything to stop it.
Sami didn't do anything to you.
Sami didn't do anything with it.
Sami didn't do anything wrong.
Sami didn't do anything.
Sami didn't do drug.
Sami didn't do drugs.
Sami didn't do his assignment.
Sami didn't do his job properly.
Sami didn't do it again.
Sami didn't do it intentionally.
Sami didn't do it.
Sami didn't do shit like that.
Sami didn't do that on purpose.
Sami didn't do that task.
Sami didn't do that.
Sami didn't do this on purpose.
Sami didn't do this.
Sami didn't do what they asked him to do.
Sami didn't document where everything was.
Sami didn't drink alcohol at all.
Sami didn't drink anything.
Sami didn't drink at all.
Sami didn't drink juice.
Sami didn't drink that much.
Sami didn't drink.
Sami didn't drop out of school.
Sami didn't drown by accident.
Sami didn't e-mail Layla again.
Sami didn't eat anything either.
Sami didn't eat anything.
Sami didn't eat his food.
Sami didn't eat his fries.
Sami didn't eat the food.
Sami didn't elaborate on that.
Sami didn't elaborate on the task.
Sami didn't enjoy it.
Sami didn't enjoy living with Layla.
Sami didn't even answer Layla's message.
Sami didn't even ask me if I was OK.
Sami didn't even ask why.
Sami didn't even believe in God.
Sami didn't even bother charging Layla for his time.
Sami didn't even bother.
Sami didn't even brush his teeth.
Sami didn't even deserve a reply.
Sami didn't even do that.
Sami didn't even explain why.
Sami didn't even give Layla a hug.
Sami didn't even give Layla his last name.
Sami didn't even go inside Layla's house.
Sami didn't even have a car back then.
Sami didn't even have a car.
Sami didn't even have a dog.
Sami didn't even have money.
Sami didn't even have the decency to text Layla back.
Sami didn't even have time to respond.
Sami didn't even introduce himself.
Sami didn't even invite Layla in.
Sami didn't even know Layla's surname.
Sami didn't even know Layla.
Sami didn't even know her.
Sami didn't even know his stalker's gender.
Sami didn't even know how Layla made friends.
Sami didn't even know how to ask for directions.
Sami didn't even know how to drive back then.
Sami didn't even know how to ride a bike.
Sami didn't even know how to speak the language.
Sami didn't even know me.
Sami didn't even know that Layla was a tutor.
Sami didn't even know that Walmart existed.
Sami didn't even know that that graveyard existed.
Sami didn't even know that what that man did to him was sexual assault until he was an adult.
Sami didn't even know that.
Sami didn't even know this kid.
Sami didn't even know what cocaine was.
Sami didn't even know what gate his flight was at.
Sami didn't even know what he was apologizing for.
Sami didn't even know what he was talking about.
Sami didn't even know what to say.
Sami didn't even know what to wear for the event.
Sami didn't even know what was going on.
Sami didn't even know who Layla was.
Sami didn't even know who it was.
Sami didn't even know.
Sami didn't even leave his house.
Sami didn't even listen to the voice mail.
Sami didn't even look Layla's way.
Sami didn't even look at Layla.
Sami didn't even look at me.
Sami didn't even look at the check.
Sami didn't even look over there.
Sami didn't even look up at me.
Sami didn't even look.
Sami didn't even mention Layla's money.
Sami didn't even notice Layla.
Sami didn't even notice he lost his phone.
Sami didn't even notice that.
Sami didn't even open Layla's letter.
Sami didn't even order a dress.
Sami didn't even place an order.
Sami didn't even pretend to be nice anymore.
Sami didn't even read Layla's letter.
Sami didn't even read the instructions.
Sami didn't even realize that he had shot Layla.
Sami didn't even recognize Layla.
Sami didn't even say "happy birthday" to me.
Sami didn't even say anything.
Sami didn't even say goodbye.
Sami didn't even see Layla.
Sami didn't even sit down and relax.
Sami didn't even take Layla's order.
Sami didn't even take a bite.
Sami didn't even talk to you.
Sami didn't even text Layla back.
Sami didn't even think about that.
Sami didn't even touch the engine.
Sami didn't even try to help Layla.
Sami didn't even try to say anything.
Sami didn't even want this.
Sami didn't even want to go to the dentist.
Sami didn't even work there.
Sami didn't expect Layla to be so nice.
Sami didn't expect Layla to be talking to all those other people.
Sami didn't expect Layla to be there.
Sami didn't expect Layla to die at such a young age.
Sami didn't expect Layla to do that.
Sami didn't expect Layla to do this.
Sami didn't expect any of that shit to happen.
Sami didn't expect that at all.
Sami didn't expect that to happen so fast.
Sami didn't expect that to happen.
Sami didn't expect that.
Sami didn't expect to find anything.
Sami didn't expect to lose this game.
Sami didn't expect to see Layla there.
Sami didn't expect to see that.
Sami didn't experience anything strange.
Sami didn't feel Christian.
Sami didn't feel OK.
Sami didn't feel a thing.
Sami didn't feel anything at all.
Sami didn't feel anything.
Sami didn't feel appreciated.
Sami didn't feel comfortable around his peers.
Sami didn't feel comfortable around his teachers.
Sami didn't feel connected to God.
Sami didn't feel good at all.
Sami didn't feel good.
Sami didn't feel great.
Sami didn't feel happy.
Sami didn't feel he was making the right decision.
Sami didn't feel it.
Sami didn't feel like doing that shit anymore.
Sami didn't feel like going out.
Sami didn't feel normal.
Sami didn't feel ready to take that step.
Sami didn't feel safe there anymore.
Sami didn't feel safe.
Sami didn't feel sorry for Layla.
Sami didn't feel the urge to smoke weed anymore.
Sami didn't feel threatened at all.
Sami didn't feel valued enough.
Sami didn't feel very good.
Sami didn't film a video.
Sami didn't find Layla interesting.
Sami didn't find a daycare for his children.
Sami didn't find a public bathroom.
Sami didn't find an affordable daycare for his children.
Sami didn't find anyone in the attic.
Sami didn't finish high school.
Sami didn't finish his assignment.
Sami didn't finish the job.
Sami didn't fit in with any of those groups.
Sami didn't fit that stereotype.
Sami didn't fix Layla's bike like he promised.
Sami didn't flaunt any subject.
Sami didn't flinch.
Sami didn't flush the toilet.
Sami didn't force hijab upon Layla and I.
Sami didn't force hijab upon his sister.
Sami didn't fuck with my brother again.
Sami didn't fuck with that.
Sami didn't fully close the door.
Sami didn't fully understand the ramifications of his actions.
Sami didn't get a chance to say goodbye.
Sami didn't get a notification for a payment.
Sami didn't get a response immediately.
Sami didn't get a response.
Sami didn't get any message from Layla.
Sami didn't get anything.
Sami didn't get caught that time.
Sami didn't get caught.
Sami didn't get charged.
Sami didn't get far.
Sami didn't get fired.
Sami didn't get grounded.
Sami didn't get hired.
Sami didn't get home until six.
Sami didn't get in trouble.
Sami didn't get into Layla's vehicle.
Sami didn't get into any trouble at school.
Sami didn't get involved in that.
Sami didn't get it at all.
Sami didn't get off the bus.
Sami didn't get on the bus.
Sami didn't get paid.
Sami didn't get physically involved in the fight.
Sami didn't get rid of the guns.
Sami didn't get sick.
Sami didn't get suspended.
Sami didn't get the answers he was looking for.
Sami didn't get the hint.
Sami didn't get the point.
Sami didn't get the same treatment.
Sami didn't get very far.
Sami didn't get what I was saying.
Sami didn't give Layla a chance to explain that.
Sami didn't give Layla a job.
Sami didn't give Layla any hint that he was upset.
Sami didn't give Layla any identifying information.
Sami didn't give Layla anything.
Sami didn't give Layla his address.
Sami didn't give Layla his new number.
Sami didn't give a fuck about Layla.
Sami didn't give a fuck anymore.
Sami didn't give a fuck.
Sami didn't give a shit about that.
Sami didn't give any privacy to his daughters.
Sami didn't give any reason.
Sami didn't give details about his bus trip.
Sami didn't give his address to the police.
Sami didn't give his phone to Layla.
Sami didn't give me a straight answer.
Sami didn't give me any toilet paper.
Sami didn't give me his phone number.
Sami didn't give the fuck about Layla.
Sami didn't give two fucks about Layla.
Sami didn't give up the details of his crimes.
Sami didn't go back down there.
Sami didn't go back into Layla's house.
Sami didn't go back over there.
Sami didn't go back to the laundromat.
Sami didn't go back.
Sami didn't go into much detail.
Sami didn't go on Twitter.
Sami didn't go out.
Sami didn't go outside.
Sami didn't go to Layla's school.
Sami didn't go to Layla's wedding.
Sami didn't go to a bar.
Sami didn't go to college.
Sami didn't go to my school.
Sami didn't go to the basement.
Sami didn't go to the bathroom.
Sami didn't go to the school party.
Sami didn't graduate high school.
Sami didn't grow up in a home where he heard "I love you."
Sami didn't hate Layla.
Sami didn't hate Muslims.
Sami didn't have a bathroom in his room.
Sami didn't have a best friend.
Sami didn't have a blanket.
Sami didn't have a car back then.
Sami didn't have a car yet at that time.
Sami didn't have a car.
Sami didn't have a career like Layla.
Sami didn't have a cellphone.
Sami didn't have a diagnosable mental illness.
Sami didn't have a dog.
Sami didn't have a family.
Sami didn't have a girlfriend.
Sami didn't have a good morning text from Layla.
Sami didn't have a good reputation.
Sami didn't have a gun.
Sami didn't have a heart attack.
Sami didn't have a job at all.
Sami didn't have a job at that time.
Sami didn't have a key card to the gym.
Sami didn't have a license.
Sami didn't have a lot of direct contact with Layla.
Sami didn't have a lot of filming space.
Sami didn't have a lot of girlfriends.
Sami didn't have a lot of space to store things.
Sami didn't have a motorbike.
Sami didn't have a nickname.
Sami didn't have a parent for so many years.
Sami didn't have a passport.
Sami didn't have a phone at the time.
Sami didn't have a place to live.
Sami didn't have a plan.
Sami didn't have a problem with Layla.
Sami didn't have a problem with that.
Sami didn't have a reason for not texting Layla.
Sami didn't have a regular job.
Sami didn't have a relationship with God.
Sami didn't have a single clue about that.
Sami didn't have a single clue.
Sami didn't have a toothbrush.
Sami didn't have a trash can.
Sami didn't have a very good self-esteem.
Sami didn't have all the details.
Sami didn't have an income.
Sami didn't have an issue with being alone.
Sami didn't have an ounce of feelings for Layla.
Sami didn't have any beliefs.
Sami didn't have any classes with Layla.
Sami didn't have any compassion towards Layla.
Sami didn't have any compassion.
Sami didn't have any contact with Layla.
Sami didn't have any enemies.
Sami didn't have any evidence to back his claim.
Sami didn't have any experience with this.
Sami didn't have any faith of his own.
Sami didn't have any friends with cars at the time.
Sami didn't have any hair on his head at all.
Sami didn't have any hair.
Sami didn't have any intention to get anything from the hair salon.
Sami didn't have any issue with Layla.
Sami didn't have any issue.
Sami didn't have any issues at home.
Sami didn't have any kind of compassion.
Sami didn't have any male friends.
Sami didn't have any money for candy.
Sami didn't have any money.
Sami didn't have any more drinks after eleven.
Sami didn't have any oil.
Sami didn't have any patience for this bullshit.
Sami didn't have any physical interaction with Layla.
Sami didn't have any place to live.
Sami didn't have any proof.
Sami didn't have any pulse at all.
Sami didn't have any questions for Layla.
Sami didn't have any reason to believe that.
Sami didn't have any relationship with God.
Sami didn't have any religious upbringing at all.
Sami didn't have any silverware.
Sami didn't have any suggestions.
Sami didn't have any toilet paper.
Sami didn't have any way to talk to his friends online.
Sami didn't have anybody in mind.
Sami didn't have anybody to answer to.
Sami didn't have anybody to help him.
Sami didn't have anything against Layla.
Sami didn't have anything to do with Layla's death.
Sami didn't have anything to do with Layla.
Sami didn't have anything to do with that.
Sami didn't have anything to do.
Sami didn't have anything to talk about.
Sami didn't have anything.
Sami didn't have anywhere else to go.
Sami didn't have anywhere to go.
Sami didn't have bad feelings towards his stepdad.
Sami didn't have cameras in his restaurant.
Sami didn't have cancer at all.
Sami didn't have cancer when he died.
Sami didn't have cancer.
Sami didn't have class that day.
Sami didn't have clothes in his wardrobe.
Sami didn't have control over his anger.
Sami didn't have enough credits to graduate.
Sami didn't have enough money for rent.
Sami didn't have enough money.
Sami didn't have enough to pay for it.
Sami didn't have evidence.
Sami didn't have experience.
Sami didn't have family there.
Sami didn't have first period with Layla.
Sami didn't have friends to sit with.
Sami didn't have his dog. He was just walking by himself.
Sami didn't have his laptop.
Sami didn't have joy with his marriage.
Sami didn't have kids.
Sami didn't have lunch with us.
Sami didn't have many options.
Sami didn't have medical insurance at the time.
Sami didn't have money to get his car fixed.
Sami didn't have much of an appetite because he was taking those pills.
Sami didn't have much valuables in his room.
Sami didn't have next door neighbors.
Sami didn't have permission to do so.
Sami didn't have school that day.
Sami didn't have sex with his victims.
Sami didn't have sex with the victim.
Sami didn't have that luxury.
Sami didn't have that many friends at the time.
Sami didn't have that option.
Sami didn't have that relationship.
Sami didn't have the best hygiene.
Sami didn't have the courage to tell that to Layla.
Sami didn't have the means for a vacation.
Sami didn't have the money to have his dog trained.
Sami didn't have the need to work.
Sami didn't have the permission to do that.
Sami didn't have the physical demeanor to commit that kind of violence.
Sami didn't have the physical strength to overcome Farid.
Sami didn't have the same friends as us.
Sami didn't have the same reaction as Layla when he heard about Farid's death.
Sami didn't have time for it.
Sami didn't have time for romance.
Sami didn't have time for this bitch.
Sami didn't have time to drive there.
Sami didn't have time to fix Layla's bike.
Sami didn't have time to get everything together.
Sami didn't have time to maneuver.
Sami didn't have time to schedule a visit.
Sami didn't have time to take the groceries out of the trunk.
Sami didn't have to answer to anybody else but his HR director.
Sami didn't have to ask permission.
Sami didn't have to check his bags.
Sami didn't have to do this.
Sami didn't have to fight Farid.
Sami didn't have to go to rehab.
Sami didn't have to say this.
Sami didn't have to worry about transportation.
Sami didn't have to worry anymore.
Sami didn't have very many friends in the neighborhood.
Sami didn't hear Layla clearly.
Sami didn't hear Layla crying.
Sami didn't hear Layla singing.
Sami didn't hear Layla's voice.
Sami didn't hear about this anymore.
Sami didn't hear any banging.
Sami didn't hear any knock on the door.
Sami didn't hear any of them say anything.
Sami didn't hear any screaming.
Sami didn't hear any sound coming from the tent.
Sami didn't hear anyone.
Sami didn't hear anything from Layla for months.
Sami didn't hear anything from Layla.
Sami didn't hear anything incriminating.
Sami didn't hear anything that night.
Sami didn't hear anything.
Sami didn't hear back from Layla.
Sami didn't hear from Layla for the next couple of weeks.
Sami didn't hear from Layla for the rest of that night.
Sami didn't hear from Layla.
Sami didn't hear his name.
Sami didn't hear it.
Sami didn't hear me.
Sami didn't hear the baby crying.
Sami didn't hear the conversation fully.
Sami didn't hear the dog growl.
Sami didn't hear the things Farid and Layla were saying to each other.
Sami didn't hear what Layla said about him.
Sami didn't help Layla at all with that situation.
Sami didn't help Layla at all.
Sami didn't hesitate to parade his mistress around town.
Sami didn't hide his affair with Layla.
Sami didn't hit Layla in her face.
Sami didn't hit anything.
Sami didn't hurt Layla's dog.
Sami didn't hurt Layla.
Sami didn't hurt anyone.
Sami didn't incriminate himself.
Sami didn't inform Layla.
Sami didn't intend to divorce Layla.
Sami didn't intend to do that.
Sami didn't intend to kill Layla.
Sami didn't introduce Layla to Salima.
Sami didn't introduce Layla to anybody.
Sami didn't invite me.
Sami didn't join Layla and Farid.
Sami didn't judge Layla because of the way she looked.
Sami didn't just attract Layla. He attracted other women as well.
Sami didn't keep track.
Sami didn't keep up with football anymore.
Sami didn't keep up with football.
Sami didn't kill Layla.
Sami didn't kill anyone.
Sami didn't kill himself.
Sami didn't know Arabic.
Sami didn't know Egypt was so beautiful.
Sami didn't know Farid was gay.
Sami didn't know Layla drank.
Sami didn't know Layla existed until he was introduced to Farid.
Sami didn't know Layla like that.
Sami didn't know Layla or Farid.
Sami didn't know Layla that well.
Sami didn't know Layla was dating Farid.
Sami didn't know Layla was dead.
Sami didn't know Layla was in there.
Sami didn't know Layla was lesbian.
Sami didn't know Layla was pregnant.
Sami didn't know Layla was telling everyone about that.
Sami didn't know Layla's kids.
Sami didn't know a lot about Islam.
Sami didn't know a lot of people then.
Sami didn't know about Layla's relationship with Farid.
Sami didn't know about Layla's secret life.
Sami didn't know about that girl.
Sami didn't know any trans people.
Sami didn't know anybody.
Sami didn't know anything about Islam.
Sami didn't know anything about Layla's boyfriend.
Sami didn't know anything about comic books.
Sami didn't know anything at all about Layla's past.
Sami didn't know at all that Layla had been having an affair.
Sami didn't know exactly what it was.
Sami didn't know exactly what to do.
Sami didn't know exactly where Layla lived.
Sami didn't know he was getting involved in a cult.
Sami didn't know he was on a beach.
Sami didn't know his grandfather well.
Sami didn't know his house had an attic.
Sami didn't know how Layla found his YouTube videos.
Sami didn't know how old Layla was.
Sami didn't know how that happened.
Sami didn't know how to act at all.
Sami didn't know how to advise Layla.
Sami didn't know how to be a Muslim.
Sami didn't know how to converse with people.
Sami didn't know how to cook.
Sami didn't know how to crush on girls.
Sami didn't know how to describe it.
Sami didn't know how to do Layla's job.
Sami didn't know how to do that anymore.
Sami didn't know how to drive at the time.
Sami didn't know how to drive.
Sami didn't know how to end his story.
Sami didn't know how to explain this.
Sami didn't know how to express his feelings.
Sami didn't know how to handle it.
Sami didn't know how to handle that situation.
Sami didn't know how to handle that.
Sami didn't know how to operate that gun.
Sami didn't know how to respond.
Sami didn't know how to socialize.
Sami didn't know how to start a convo.
Sami didn't know how to start that story.
Sami didn't know how to swim.
Sami didn't know how to talk to girls.
Sami didn't know how to tell his wife about that.
Sami didn't know how to use a gun.
Sami didn't know if he was allowed to do that.
Sami didn't know it was going to be Layla's birthday.
Sami didn't know many Muslims.
Sami didn't know much about Layla.
Sami didn't know specific hairstyling terms.
Sami didn't know that Farid was an ex-con.
Sami didn't know that I was Muslim.
Sami didn't know that I was going to know.
Sami didn't know that Layla had all those feelings for him.
Sami didn't know that Layla had been having an affair.
Sami didn't know that Layla was Muslim.
Sami didn't know that Layla was a rapper.
Sami didn't know that Layla was going to be here.
Sami didn't know that Layla was married at the time.
Sami didn't know that Layla's dad was abusive.
Sami didn't know that about Layla.
Sami didn't know that chlamydia was a sexually transmitted disease.
Sami didn't know that girl.
Sami didn't know that he was dating a transgender woman.
Sami didn't know that he was playing with fire.
Sami didn't know that himself.
Sami didn't know that his best friend was dating his ex.
Sami didn't know that school.
Sami didn't know that there was a shortcut.
Sami didn't know that there were Muslims in Mongolia.
Sami didn't know that.
Sami didn't know the answer.
Sami didn't know the baby was his.
Sami didn't know the practical aspects of Islam.
Sami didn't know the truth.
Sami didn't know us.
Sami didn't know what Islam was.
Sami didn't know what LGBT meant.
Sami didn't know what Layla and Farid were fighting about.
Sami didn't know what Layla looked like.
Sami didn't know what Layla meant.
Sami didn't know what Layla wanted him to do.
Sami didn't know what Layla wanted to move.
Sami didn't know what Layla wanted.
Sami didn't know what Layla was giving him.
Sami didn't know what Layla was going to do.
Sami didn't know what Layla was talking about.
Sami didn't know what Layla's needle contained.
Sami didn't know what bleach was.
Sami didn't know what else to do.
Sami didn't know what he had done to deserve that.
Sami didn't know what he wanted in life.
Sami didn't know what he wanted to do in his life.
Sami didn't know what he was doing.
Sami didn't know what he was talking about.
Sami didn't know what he was wearing.
Sami didn't know what his stalker looked like.
Sami didn't know what it meant to be Muslim.
Sami didn't know what it meant to be a Muslim.
Sami didn't know what it was.
Sami didn't know what love looked like.
Sami didn't know what made that noise.
Sami didn't know what that gun was doing there, in his house.
Sami didn't know what that meant.
Sami didn't know what that was.
Sami didn't know what the fuck he was doing.
Sami didn't know what the fuck was going on.
Sami didn't know what the hell he was doing.
Sami didn't know what the word transgender meant until a transgender man was killed in his neighborhood.
Sami didn't know what to do when he heard Layla's name.
Sami didn't know what to do.
Sami didn't know what to expect.
Sami didn't know what to say about that.
Sami didn't know what to say to Layla.
Sami didn't know what to say.
Sami didn't know what to tell us.
Sami didn't know what was going on over there.
Sami didn't know what was going on that night.
Sami didn't know what was going on with him.
Sami didn't know what was going on.
Sami didn't know what was happening here.
Sami didn't know what was happening there.
Sami didn't know what was happening.
Sami didn't know what was wrong with Layla.
Sami didn't know what was wrong with him.
Sami didn't know what we were talking about.
Sami didn't know when that was going to happen.
Sami didn't know where I lived.
Sami didn't know where Layla was at the time.
Sami didn't know where Layla was.
Sami didn't know where Layla's mom was.
Sami didn't know where he put his watch.
Sami didn't know where he wanted to live.
Sami didn't know where his phone was.
Sami didn't know where it was.
Sami didn't know where that happened.
Sami didn't know where the dress was.
Sami didn't know where the restroom was.
Sami didn't know where to go.
Sami didn't know who God was.
Sami didn't know who Layla and Farid were.
Sami didn't know who Layla is.
Sami didn't know who Layla was.
Sami didn't know who did it.
Sami didn't know who he was talking to.
Sami didn't know who sent Layla that letter.
Sami didn't know who that person was.
Sami didn't know who the female was.
Sami didn't know who there were.
Sami didn't know who was stalking him.
Sami didn't know why Layla left him.
Sami didn't know why Layla reacted like that.
Sami didn't know why Layla was doing this.
Sami didn't know why this was happening.
Sami didn't know why.
Sami didn't laugh.
Sami didn't learn his lesson.
Sami didn't learn how to swim.
Sami didn't leave Layla's room for one minute.
Sami didn't leave a dime to his wife.
Sami didn't leave because of Layla.
Sami didn't leave early.
Sami didn't leave his shower on.
Sami didn't leave the club.
Sami didn't leave the school.
Sami didn't leave until six o'clock.
Sami didn't let Layla film his room.
Sami didn't let Layla into his personal life.
Sami didn't let Layla leave.
Sami didn't let Layla see that book.
Sami didn't let Layla see the letters.
Sami didn't let Layla smoke in the house.
Sami didn't let Layla talk.
Sami didn't let Layla touch his dog.
Sami didn't let Layla touch his hair.
Sami didn't let anybody around his parrot.
Sami didn't let me help him.
Sami didn't let me talk.
Sami didn't let people in his house either.
Sami didn't let people pet his dog.
Sami didn't let the kids into the cellar.
Sami didn't lift the toilet seat up.
Sami didn't like Layla at all.
Sami didn't like Layla back.
Sami didn't like Layla either.
Sami didn't like Layla napping in his bed.
Sami didn't like Layla napping in his room.
Sami didn't like Layla's dress.
Sami didn't like Layla's last video.
Sami didn't like Layla's parrot.
Sami didn't like Layla's picture.
Sami didn't like Layla's sweater.
Sami didn't like any religion.
Sami didn't like being around people.
Sami didn't like being there alone.
Sami didn't like being treated that way.
Sami didn't like cookies.
Sami didn't like dogs.
Sami didn't like having three, four, five best friends. He has always had only one best friend.
Sami didn't like his daughter's boyfriend at all.
Sami didn't like his daughter's ex at all.
Sami didn't like his son-in-law.
Sami didn't like it at all.
Sami didn't like it.
Sami didn't like me because of Layla.
Sami didn't like me even more.
Sami didn't like me for obvious reasons.
Sami didn't like me that much.
Sami didn't like me.
Sami didn't like pain meds at all.
Sami didn't like people making fun of Layla.
Sami didn't like sharing space with Layla's son.
Sami didn't like talking about where he got his money.
Sami didn't like that apartment.
Sami didn't like that house.
Sami didn't like that job.
Sami didn't like that.
Sami didn't like the idea.
Sami didn't like the last video that Layla posted on her YouTube channel.
Sami didn't like the party.
Sami didn't like the teacher.
Sami didn't like those girls.
Sami didn't like to go to work.
Sami didn't like to gossip.
Sami didn't like to lose.
Sami didn't like to sleep alone.
Sami didn't like to sleep with the sheet on the bed.
Sami didn't like to talk about it a lot.
Sami didn't like violence.
Sami didn't like you.
Sami didn't listen and killed Layla anyway.
Sami didn't live anywhere near that school.
Sami didn't live that far.
Sami didn't live there anymore.
Sami didn't live there.
Sami didn't live with his mom.
Sami didn't lived very far from me.
Sami didn't lock any door in the house.
Sami didn't lock the damn door.
Sami didn't look at Layla.
Sami didn't look at the phone.
Sami didn't look panicked.
Sami didn't look up to see who it was.
Sami didn't look up.
Sami didn't lose a box.
Sami didn't lose any box.
Sami didn't love Layla.
Sami didn't make Layla fall.
Sami didn't make Layla feel unwelcomed.
Sami didn't make a comment about that.
Sami didn't make a single friend.
Sami didn't make any comment about that.
Sami didn't make any friends.
Sami didn't make any noise.
Sami didn't make eye contact with Layla.
Sami didn't make his birthday a big deal.
Sami didn't make it.
Sami didn't make that comment.
Sami didn't matter to me.
Sami didn't mean any harm.
Sami didn't mean that in a bad way.
Sami didn't mean to be rude.
Sami didn't mean to disrespect Layla's relationship with Farid.
Sami didn't mean to do it.
Sami didn't mean to hurt Layla.
Sami didn't mean to upset Layla.
Sami didn't mention Layla.
Sami didn't mention anyone's name.
Sami didn't mention that in his last video.
Sami didn't mention this.
Sami didn't message Layla.
Sami didn't met Layla see her daughter.
Sami didn't mind it.
Sami didn't mind not having a busy day.
Sami didn't mind waiting.
Sami didn't mind.
Sami didn't miss.
Sami didn't mix with Muslims.
Sami didn't move again after that.
Sami didn't move anything in that room.
Sami didn't move the box.
Sami didn't move until six.
Sami didn't move.
Sami didn't necessarily do anything illegal.
Sami didn't need Layla anymore.
Sami didn't need Layla's money.
Sami didn't need a car.
Sami didn't need a ride.
Sami didn't need an apartment.
Sami didn't need any help from anybody.
Sami didn't need anything.
Sami didn't need somebody to drive him.
Sami didn't need that apartment.
Sami didn't need that job.
Sami didn't need that much help.
Sami didn't need that negative attention.
Sami didn't need that.
Sami didn't need this.
Sami didn't need to ask any more questions.
Sami didn't need to ask.
Sami didn't need to be there.
Sami didn't need to do this.
Sami didn't need to see that picture.
Sami didn't need to steal.
Sami didn't need to work.
Sami didn't notice anything crazy going on here.
Sami didn't notice anything unusual about Layla that night.
Sami didn't notice that.
Sami didn't notice the bouquet.
Sami didn't notice this.
Sami didn't notice.
Sami didn't now how to handle it.
Sami didn't offend anybody.
Sami didn't open Layla's letter.
Sami didn't open his mouth.
Sami didn't open his phone.
Sami didn't open it.
Sami didn't open the door for Layla.
Sami didn't open the door.
Sami didn't open the front door for Layla.
Sami didn't order anything.
Sami didn't panic a lot.
Sami didn't participate in a lot of parties.
Sami didn't pass one of the tests.
Sami didn't pass the drug test.
Sami didn't pay Layla enough.
Sami didn't pay attention to Layla's audition.
Sami didn't pay attention to Layla's hair.
Sami didn't pay attention to the text message.
Sami didn't pay attention.
Sami didn't pay for that.
Sami didn't pay his phone bill.
Sami didn't pay taxes.
Sami didn't pay the dog any attention.
Sami didn't pay the electricity bill and got cut off.
Sami didn't pay them.
Sami didn't pet his dog.
Sami didn't pick up any of Layla's calls.
Sami didn't pick up the phone.
Sami didn't plan on going back to Egypt.
Sami didn't play jokes on Layla.
Sami didn't play poker.
Sami didn't play the game.
Sami didn't play this game.
Sami didn't post anything yesterday.
Sami didn't press charges.
Sami didn't press the button.
Sami didn't pull the trigger, but he was involved.
Sami didn't purchase any products from the hair salon.
Sami didn't put Layla's things in the correct room.
Sami didn't quite like Layla's reaction.
Sami didn't read Layla's first post.
Sami didn't read Layla's text message.
Sami didn't read my previous message.
Sami didn't read the whole message.
Sami didn't realize how dangerous that was.
Sami didn't realize that Layla was fucking with him.
Sami didn't realize that at that moment.
Sami didn't realize that at the time.
Sami didn't realize that time would be so short.
Sami didn't realize that.
Sami didn't realize the deadly poison was meant for him.
Sami didn't realize this at the time.
Sami didn't really accept his son for what he was.
Sami didn't really care about that.
Sami didn't really care about this.
Sami didn't really enjoy himself at the club.
Sami didn't really hang around Layla.
Sami didn't really have any money to buy food.
Sami didn't really have time.
Sami didn't really have to work.
Sami didn't really hear Layla.
Sami didn't really know Layla that well.
Sami didn't really know Layla's older sister.
Sami didn't really know Layla.
Sami didn't really know anyone else.
Sami didn't really know anyone.
Sami didn't really know her.
Sami didn't really know if Layla and Salima were sisters or not.
Sami didn't really know me.
Sami didn't really know that.
Sami didn't really know what character he wanted to be in the play.
Sami didn't really know why.
Sami didn't really know.
Sami didn't really like Layla's vibes.
Sami didn't really like Layla.
Sami didn't really like his job.
Sami didn't really like that girl.
Sami didn't really like that.
Sami didn't really make physical contact with Layla.
Sami didn't really need that.
Sami didn't really need to speak to Layla.
Sami didn't really remember.
Sami didn't really say anything.
Sami didn't really spend much time thinking about that.
Sami didn't really study.
Sami didn't really tell Layla everything about Islam.
Sami didn't really think anything of it.
Sami didn't really understand what I was saying.
Sami didn't really use the camera.
Sami didn't really want that.
Sami didn't really want to talk about this.
Sami didn't reciprocate the same amount of emotional connection that Layla was giving him.
Sami didn't recognize Layla at all.
Sami didn't recognize Layla at first.
Sami didn't recognize Layla from her photos.
Sami didn't recognize Layla with the hijab.
Sami didn't recognize Layla's number.
Sami didn't recognize Layla's voice at all.
Sami didn't recognize Layla.
Sami didn't recognize any of those text messages.
Sami didn't recognize me.
Sami didn't recognize that guy.
Sami didn't regain consciousness at all.
Sami didn't regain consciousness.
Sami didn't remember how tall Layla was.
Sami didn't remember that he did that.
Sami didn't remember the name of the boutique.
Sami didn't remember the number.
Sami didn't remember what he did.
Sami didn't remember.
Sami didn't reply anymore.
Sami didn't reply to Layla's message.
Sami didn't reply to Layla's text.
Sami didn't reply to Layla.
Sami didn't reply to that.
Sami didn't reply.
Sami didn't report the incident to the police.
Sami didn't resist arrest.
Sami didn't respect the manager.
Sami didn't respond for days.
Sami didn't respond to Layla's e-mails.
Sami didn't respond to Layla's texts.
Sami didn't respond to Layla.
Sami didn't respond.
Sami didn't return Layla's phone calls.
Sami didn't return.
Sami didn't reveal his identity.
Sami didn't reveal the identity of his assailants.
Sami didn't run after Layla.
Sami didn't save Layla's number.
Sami didn't save the message.
Sami didn't say Layla's name in the video.
Sami didn't say Layla's real name.
Sami didn't say a word.
Sami didn't say anything about that.
Sami didn't say anything about this.
Sami didn't say anything at all.
Sami didn't say anything else to Layla.
Sami didn't say anything else.
Sami didn't say anything to Layla.
Sami didn't say anything to defend Layla.
Sami didn't say anything to his mom.
Sami didn't say anything to his teacher.
Sami didn't say anything to me.
Sami didn't say anything to them.
Sami didn't say anything wrong.
Sami didn't say anything.
Sami didn't say bye.
Sami didn't say he was a Christian.
Sami didn't say hi to Layla.
Sami didn't say it like that.
Sami didn't say no.
Sami didn't say one word about Layla staying.
Sami didn't say that in a rude way.
Sami didn't say that to Layla.
Sami didn't say that.
Sami didn't say the name of the boutique.
Sami didn't say the name.
Sami didn't say this on the phone.
Sami didn't say too much.
Sami didn't say when this took place.
Sami didn't say where he worked.
Sami didn't say who he was.
Sami didn't say who his attackers were.
Sami didn't scare me.
Sami didn't see Layla after that.
Sami didn't see Layla all day.
Sami didn't see Layla at all.
Sami didn't see Layla at the party.
Sami didn't see Layla cry at all.
Sami didn't see Layla for a few months.
Sami didn't see Layla for the entire night.
Sami didn't see Layla for the rest of the school day.
Sami didn't see Layla in any scene.
Sami didn't see Layla leave the house with the hijab.
Sami didn't see Layla that much.
Sami didn't see Layla that way.
Sami didn't see Layla walk into the bathroom.
Sami didn't see Layla's face.
Sami didn't see Layla's last video.
Sami didn't see Layla's phone.
Sami didn't see a child anywhere.
Sami didn't see a dog anywhere.
Sami didn't see a weapon of any kind in Layal's car.
Sami didn't see any cops in the neighborhood.
Sami didn't see any cops.
Sami didn't see any movement.
Sami didn't see any other option out.
Sami didn't see any other option.
Sami didn't see any police officer there.
Sami didn't see anyone else on the road.
Sami didn't see anyone going inside.
Sami didn't see anyone there.
Sami didn't see anyone.
Sami didn't see anything out of the ordinary.
Sami didn't see anything outside the window.
Sami didn't see anything special about Layla.
Sami didn't see anything.
Sami didn't see himself getting married.
Sami didn't see his manager.
Sami didn't see his mom very much.
Sami didn't see it coming.
Sami didn't see it that way.
Sami didn't see me.
Sami didn't see nor hear anything.
Sami didn't see parents there.
Sami didn't see shit.
Sami didn't see that coming.
Sami didn't see that in Layla.
Sami didn't see that.
Sami didn't see the address.
Sami didn't see the cops.
Sami didn't see the dog.
Sami didn't see the movie.
Sami didn't see the person that behind Layla.
Sami didn't see the security guards.
Sami didn't see what Layla was wearing.
Sami didn't see what happened.
Sami didn't see who shot him.
Sami didn't see who was behind Layla.
Sami didn't seem happy.
Sami didn't seem he had any remorse.
Sami didn't seem like the clubbing type of guy.
Sami didn't seem mentally ill.
Sami didn't seem to care about that.
Sami didn't seem to enjoy the concert very much.
Sami didn't seem to have a moment to talk to Layla.
Sami didn't seem to have the time to talk to me.
Sami didn't seem very busy today.
Sami didn't seem very confident.
Sami didn't seem very pleased at all.
Sami didn't sell anything.
Sami didn't sell stuff like that.
Sami didn't sell weed.
Sami didn't send Layla any photos.
Sami didn't send it to me.
Sami didn't send the package on time.
Sami didn't share custody of the children.
Sami didn't show this to his wife.
Sami didn't show up at all.
Sami didn't show up at an important meeting.
Sami didn't show up for work that day.
Sami didn't show up for work today.
Sami didn't show up on Saturday.
Sami didn't show up that night.
Sami didn't show up this morning.
Sami didn't show up.
Sami didn't shut his laptop.
Sami didn't sign a contract.
Sami didn't sing that song.
Sami didn't sit by Layla.
Sami didn't sit down next to me.
Sami didn't sit on Layla's bed.
Sami didn't sleep a wink last night.
Sami didn't sleep a wink that night.
Sami didn't sleep for weeks.
Sami didn't sleep until it was morning.
Sami didn't sleep.
Sami didn't smash either of the girls.
Sami didn't smell that anymore.
Sami didn't smile.
Sami didn't smoke any weed anymore.
Sami didn't smoke in the bathrooms.
Sami didn't smoke weed anymore.
Sami didn't smoke weed.
Sami didn't speak any Arabic at all.
Sami didn't speak any type of slang.
Sami didn't speak any word.
Sami didn't speak great Arabic.
Sami didn't speak the language.
Sami didn't speak to Layla anymore.
Sami didn't speak to anyone in school.
Sami didn't speak to anyone.
Sami didn't speak to his mom.
Sami didn't speak to that girl anymore.
Sami didn't speak.
Sami didn't spread rumors about Layla.
Sami didn't stand up for himself.
Sami didn't steal Layla's stuff.
Sami didn't steal anything from Walmart.
Sami didn't steal anything.
Sami didn't steal from that girl.
Sami didn't steal from the register.
Sami didn't stick to his word.
Sami didn't stick to the script.
Sami didn't stop asking me questions.
Sami didn't stop being friends with Layla.
Sami didn't stop calling Layla.
Sami didn't stop filming.
Sami didn't stop for lunch.
Sami didn't stop making that noise.
Sami didn't stop singing.
Sami didn't stop the illicit relationship.
Sami didn't study for the test.
Sami didn't study.
Sami didn't support Layla financially.
Sami didn't suspect a thing.
Sami didn't take Layla seriously.
Sami didn't take Layla's number.
Sami didn't take Layla's suitcase.
Sami didn't take a shower.
Sami didn't take a taxi.
Sami didn't take action.
Sami didn't take any of this seriously.
Sami didn't take any pills.
Sami didn't take anything of value from Layla's room.
Sami didn't take anything.
Sami didn't take care of himself.
Sami didn't take his eyes off Layla.
Sami didn't take his eyes off of Layla.
Sami didn't take his mask off.
Sami didn't take it too seriously.
Sami didn't take money from Layla.
Sami didn't take this route to work.
Sami didn't talk about Layla.
Sami didn't talk about it anymore.
Sami didn't talk bad about others.
Sami didn't talk throughout the entire day.
Sami didn't talk to Layla about it.
Sami didn't talk to Layla at all.
Sami didn't talk to Layla for like six years.
Sami didn't talk to Layla's friends.
Sami didn't talk to Layla's mom.
Sami didn't talk to Layla.
Sami didn't talk to anybody.
Sami didn't talk to his wife about his conversion to Islam.
Sami didn't talk to me about this.
Sami didn't talk to me at all.
Sami didn't talk to me for a full day.
Sami didn't talk to me for like a good day.
Sami didn't talk to me.
Sami didn't talk.
Sami didn't tell Layla about Salima.
Sami didn't tell Layla about his relationship with Salima.
Sami didn't tell Layla about that.
Sami didn't tell Layla his name.
Sami didn't tell Layla how old he was.
Sami didn't tell Layla right away.
Sami didn't tell Layla that before.
Sami didn't tell Layla that he liked her.
Sami didn't tell Layla that we were together.
Sami didn't tell Layla what he needed.
Sami didn't tell Layla what he wanted.
Sami didn't tell Layla where his new address was.
Sami didn't tell Layla.
Sami didn't tell a soul what he had done.
Sami didn't tell any of his friends.
Sami didn't tell anybody anything.
Sami didn't tell anybody else.
Sami didn't tell anybody.
Sami didn't tell anyone.
Sami didn't tell his girlfriend anything.
Sami didn't tell his mom.
Sami didn't tell his parents.
Sami didn't tell his roommates.
Sami didn't tell me a whole lot about Layla.
Sami didn't tell me.
Sami didn't tell the police.
Sami didn't tell the truth.
Sami didn't tell us about this problem.
Sami didn't test this product.
Sami didn't text Layla all day.
Sami didn't text Layla anymore.
Sami didn't text Layla back.
Sami didn't text Layla.
Sami didn't text me anymore after that.
Sami didn't think Layla could steal.
Sami didn't think Layla was coming in that morning.
Sami didn't think Layla would do something like that.
Sami didn't think about his appearance too much.
Sami didn't think about it twice.
Sami didn't think about this at all.
Sami didn't think anything of it.
Sami didn't think he could do it.
Sami didn't think much of it.
Sami didn't think so.
Sami didn't think that Layla belonged in the home.
Sami didn't think that Layla deserved that.
Sami didn't think that his relationship with Layla was worth fighting for.
Sami didn't think that was an interesting thing to talk about.
Sami didn't think that would end up in murder.
Sami didn't think twice about it.
Sami didn't threaten Layla personally.
Sami didn't tip the server.
Sami didn't tip the waitress.
Sami didn't touch Layla's belongings.
Sami didn't touch Layla's body.
Sami didn't touch Layla.
Sami didn't touch it.
Sami didn't touch me.
Sami didn't touch the box.
Sami didn't touch the bread.
Sami didn't touch the furniture.
Sami didn't touch the girl.
Sami didn't treat Layla very well.
Sami didn't treat Layla well.
Sami didn't trust Layla anymore.
Sami didn't trust Layla one bit.
Sami didn't trust Layla.
Sami didn't trust people.
Sami didn't try to communicate with Layla.
Sami didn't try to do anything.
Sami didn't try to escape.
Sami didn't try to hit Layla back.
Sami didn't try to influence Layla to smoke weed.
Sami didn't try to kiss Layla.
Sami didn't try to poison Layla.
Sami didn't try to say anything.
Sami didn't try to talk Layla into wearing the hijab.
Sami didn't turn off the light.
Sami didn't understand anything.
Sami didn't understand it at all.
Sami didn't understand it that way.
Sami didn't understand my message.
Sami didn't understand that.
Sami didn't understand the complexity of the situation.
Sami didn't understand the emotional connection Layla had with her hijab.
Sami didn't understand what Layla actually meant.
Sami didn't understand what Layla was saying.
Sami didn't understand what was going on.
Sami didn't understand why Layla acted like this.
Sami didn't understand why Layla was in such a hurry.
Sami didn't understand why Layla was reacting in that type of way.
Sami didn't understand why Layla was so nervous.
Sami didn't understand why he had that argument with Layla and he's still processing it.
Sami didn't understand why it was taking so long.
Sami didn't understand why the dog was so angry.
Sami didn't understand.
Sami didn't use Facebook.
Sami didn't use a flashlight.
Sami didn't use dating apps.
Sami didn't use that camera.
Sami didn't use the garbage disposal a lot.
Sami didn't use the wallet.
Sami didn't use those words.
Sami didn't verbally say it.
Sami didn't visit Layla in the hospital.
Sami didn't vote.
Sami didn't wait for Layla.
Sami didn't wake up.
Sami didn't walk inside.
Sami didn't want Farid that close to his daughter.
Sami didn't want Farid to date his little sister.
Sami didn't want Farid to hurt Layla.
Sami didn't want Layla fucking with his money.
Sami didn't want Layla out past midnight.
Sami didn't want Layla to be associated with that.
Sami didn't want Layla to be like that.
Sami didn't want Layla to cross the street.
Sami didn't want Layla to die.
Sami didn't want Layla to do this.
Sami didn't want Layla to feel any different.
Sami didn't want Layla to feel uncomfortable.
Sami didn't want Layla to follow him home.
Sami didn't want Layla to get hurt.
Sami didn't want Layla to get in trouble.
Sami didn't want Layla to get too far. So he hurried up.
Sami didn't want Layla to hang out with that girl.
Sami didn't want Layla to have the baby.
Sami didn't want Layla to know anything.
Sami didn't want Layla to know what we were talking about.
Sami didn't want Layla to know where he lived.
Sami didn't want Layla to know where he was going that time.
Sami didn't want Layla to know.
Sami didn't want Layla to leave.
Sami didn't want Layla to lose her baby.
Sami didn't want Layla to mess with her beautiful natural her.
Sami didn't want Layla to pay for the meal.
Sami didn't want Layla to see him crying.
Sami didn't want Layla to see him that way.
Sami didn't want Layla to see his tattoos.
Sami didn't want Layla to wait forever.
Sami didn't want Layla to watch the news at all.
Sami didn't want Layla's money.
Sami didn't want Layla.
Sami didn't want a cat in his house.
Sami didn't want a girlfriend at the time.
Sami didn't want an issue with Farid.
Sami didn't want any contact with Layla.
Sami didn't want any drama.
Sami didn't want anyone in his house.
Sami didn't want anyone to harm Layla.
Sami didn't want anyone to see his hair.
Sami didn't want anyone to talk to his bitch.
Sami didn't want anyone yelling in his house.
Sami didn't want anything serious.
Sami didn't want anything to do with Layla.
Sami didn't want anything to happen to Layla.
Sami didn't want his daughter to wear the hijab.
Sami didn't want his friends to know the truth.
Sami didn't want his marriage to crumble.
Sami didn't want his mom to be someone else's mom, too.
Sami didn't want his mom to find out.
Sami didn't want his parents to find out.
Sami didn't want his parents to know that he had converted to Islam.
Sami didn't want his relationship with Layla to be intimate.
Sami didn't want his wife to leave him.
Sami didn't want me dating his sister.
Sami didn't want me to come home today.
Sami didn't want me to leave.
Sami didn't want me to pay for the food.
Sami didn't want that baby.
Sami didn't want that child.
Sami didn't want that money anymore.
Sami didn't want that to happen again.
Sami didn't want that to happen.
Sami didn't want the baby.
Sami didn't want the cat to be in the house.
Sami didn't want the money anymore.
Sami didn't want this at all.
Sami didn't want this to happen.
Sami didn't want to admit that.
Sami didn't want to answer Layla's phone calls.
Sami didn't want to argue with Layla.
Sami didn't want to argue with that guy.
Sami didn't want to argue.
Sami didn't want to ask Layla to come and pick him up.
Sami didn't want to ask anyone for help.
Sami didn't want to ask his mom for money.
Sami didn't want to bartender at that club.
Sami didn't want to be a part of that.
Sami didn't want to be alone completely.
Sami didn't want to be an entry-level receptionist.
Sami didn't want to be around Layla.
Sami didn't want to be around people that smoked weed.
Sami didn't want to be around somebody like that.
Sami didn't want to be associated with someone like that.
Sami didn't want to be bothered by this anymore.
Sami didn't want to be disrespectful.
Sami didn't want to be friendly with us.
Sami didn't want to be friends with Layla.
Sami didn't want to be here.
Sami didn't want to be in a relationship.
Sami didn't want to be in a serious relationship.
Sami didn't want to be in this love triangle between Farid and Layla.
Sami didn't want to be involved in drama.
Sami didn't want to be involved in that.
Sami didn't want to be noticed.
Sami didn't want to be on disciplinary probation.
Sami didn't want to be open today.
Sami didn't want to be part of anything.
Sami didn't want to be rude to his parents.
Sami didn't want to be rude.
Sami didn't want to be seen naked.
Sami didn't want to be seen.
Sami didn't want to be shamed in the village by his cheating wife.
Sami didn't want to be the loser in the divorce.
Sami didn't want to be their friend.
Sami didn't want to be there.
Sami didn't want to be tied down to Layla.
Sami didn't want to be with Layla.
Sami didn't want to beg Layla to talk to me.
Sami didn't want to believe it.
Sami didn't want to buy it.
Sami didn't want to buy weed.
Sami didn't want to call his stepfather "Dad."
Sami didn't want to call the police unnecessarily.
Sami didn't want to cash Layla's check.
Sami didn't want to cause a drama.
Sami didn't want to cause a problem.
Sami didn't want to cause issue.
Sami didn't want to cheat on his girlfriend.
Sami didn't want to cheat.
Sami didn't want to clean the toilet.
Sami didn't want to come in.
Sami didn't want to come.
Sami didn't want to confront that fact.
Sami didn't want to confuse Layla.
Sami didn't want to continue that fight.
Sami didn't want to dance with Layla.
Sami didn't want to date Layla's sister.
Sami didn't want to date anyone.
Sami didn't want to date around anymore.
Sami didn't want to deal with it.
Sami didn't want to deal with that anymore.
Sami didn't want to defame anyone.
Sami didn't want to disappoint Layla.
Sami didn't want to disappoint his dad.
Sami didn't want to disappoint his friends.
Sami didn't want to disclose the name of the company.
Sami didn't want to disrespect anybody's religion.
Sami didn't want to do anything else.
Sami didn't want to do drugs.
Sami didn't want to do his chores.
Sami didn't want to do his job.
Sami didn't want to do something that he would regret.
Sami didn't want to do that.
Sami didn't want to embarrass Layla in front of her best friend.
Sami didn't want to embarrass Layla.
Sami didn't want to expose Layla's ass.
Sami didn't want to expose anyone.
Sami didn't want to fight Farid in front of his friend.
Sami didn't want to fight Farid.
Sami didn't want to fight Layla.
Sami didn't want to fight anybody.
Sami didn't want to fight.
Sami didn't want to get Layla in trouble.
Sami didn't want to get Layla involved.
Sami didn't want to get caught with a body.
Sami didn't want to get caught.
Sami didn't want to get emotional in the video.
Sami didn't want to get fired.
Sami didn't want to get his teeth shifted because of his wisdom teeth.
Sami didn't want to get in the middle of it.
Sami didn't want to get in trouble with his grades.
Sami didn't want to get in trouble.
Sami didn't want to get into details.
Sami didn't want to get involved with Layla.
Sami didn't want to get involved.
Sami didn't want to get off work with that on his mind.
Sami didn't want to get on any rides.
Sami didn't want to get out of his vehicle.
Sami didn't want to get the police involved.
Sami didn't want to get those people in trouble.
Sami didn't want to give Layla his number.
Sami didn't want to give me a chance.
Sami didn't want to give up his wealth.
Sami didn't want to go back with his father.
Sami didn't want to go home when it was dark.
Sami didn't want to go outside.
Sami didn't want to go to school.
Sami didn't want to go to that party.
Sami didn't want to go to the dentist.
Sami didn't want to go to the funeral.
Sami didn't want to go to the zoo.
Sami didn't want to go.
Sami didn't want to handle that.
Sami didn't want to hang out with Layla.
Sami didn't want to have Layla as his superior.
Sami didn't want to have a dog.
Sami didn't want to have a face-to-face confrontation with Farid.
Sami didn't want to have a meeting with us.
Sami didn't want to have an argument with Layla.
Sami didn't want to have anything to do with Layla.
Sami didn't want to have anything to do with that dog.
Sami didn't want to have anything to do with that girl.
Sami didn't want to have his life defined by the people menacing him.
Sami didn't want to hear about anything.
Sami didn't want to hear anything about that.
Sami didn't want to hear that.
Sami didn't want to help Layla see her ex-boyfriend.
Sami didn't want to help that customer.
Sami didn't want to hire me.
Sami didn't want to hold Layla's hand.
Sami didn't want to hurt Layla either.
Sami didn't want to hurt Layla's feelings.
Sami didn't want to hurt Layla.
Sami didn't want to inconvenience his neighbors.
Sami didn't want to interact with Layla.
Sami didn't want to interrupt that.
Sami didn't want to judge Layla.
Sami didn't want to keep the letters in his car.
Sami didn't want to kill anyone.
Sami didn't want to know about that.
Sami didn't want to know any details.
Sami didn't want to know details about that.
Sami didn't want to know the truth at that point.
Sami didn't want to know what was going on.
Sami didn't want to leave any witnesses.
Sami didn't want to leave his six year old sister by herself.
Sami didn't want to leave that dog out in the cold.
Sami didn't want to leave.
Sami didn't want to let Layla down.
Sami didn't want to let Layla know that he knew what was going on.
Sami didn't want to listen to rap.
Sami didn't want to live that lifestyle.
Sami didn't want to live with a family member.
Sami didn't want to live with his mother.
Sami didn't want to live with his parents.
Sami didn't want to look.
Sami didn't want to lose Layla.
Sami didn't want to lose his son to drugs.
Sami didn't want to lose his wife.
Sami didn't want to make Layla miserable.
Sami didn't want to make Layla uncomfortable.
Sami didn't want to make his grandpa uncomfortable.
Sami didn't want to marry Layla.
Sami didn't want to meet Layla's family.
Sami didn't want to meet Layla's mom.
Sami didn't want to mess it up.
Sami didn't want to mess with the garbage disposal anymore.
Sami didn't want to miss that.
Sami didn't want to miss the bus.
Sami didn't want to miss the final rehearsal.
Sami didn't want to move there.
Sami didn't want to move.
Sami didn't want to name that company.
Sami didn't want to offend Layla.
Sami didn't want to part with that car.
Sami didn't want to pay the bill.
Sami didn't want to penalize Layla.
Sami didn't want to piss Layla off.
Sami didn't want to piss anybody off.
Sami didn't want to play soccer with girls.
Sami didn't want to play with Layla.
Sami didn't want to please anybody.
Sami didn't want to pray to Jesus to get to God.
Sami didn't want to puke.
Sami didn't want to put himself or his dog in a position of danger.
Sami didn't want to put his time and energy in this.
Sami didn't want to read the comments.
Sami didn't want to relive all that stuff.
Sami didn't want to relive all the stuff that had happened.
Sami didn't want to remember that.
Sami didn't want to retire so early.
Sami didn't want to ride any rides.
Sami didn't want to ride that ride with Layla.
Sami didn't want to ruin Layla's time.
Sami didn't want to ruin the night.
Sami didn't want to ruin the party.
Sami didn't want to say anything.
Sami didn't want to say his mom's age.
Sami didn't want to say no to Layla.
Sami didn't want to scare Layla.
Sami didn't want to see Layla anymore.
Sami didn't want to see Layla sad.
Sami didn't want to share a hotel room with his parents.
Sami didn't want to share a room with his parents.
Sami didn't want to share his inheritance with Layla.
Sami didn't want to share his mom with any other mom. In fact, never wanted her to remarry.
Sami didn't want to sit by Layla.
Sami didn't want to sit here.
Sami didn't want to sit next to Layla.
Sami didn't want to sit on anything in Layla's room.
Sami didn't want to sleep with Layla.
Sami didn't want to smoke Layla's weed.
Sami didn't want to smoke weed in his apartment.
Sami didn't want to speak to anyone.
Sami didn't want to speculate.
Sami didn't want to spend his money on horses.
Sami didn't want to spend one more day in Egypt.
Sami didn't want to spend the night there anymore.
Sami didn't want to spend the rest of his life in jail.
Sami didn't want to spend time in jail.
Sami didn't want to start a serious relationship.
Sami didn't want to start any fight.
Sami didn't want to start anything serious.
Sami didn't want to stay a night there anymore.
Sami didn't want to stay single.
Sami didn't want to stop drinking.
Sami didn't want to take Layla's virginity.
Sami didn't want to take a cab anywhere.
Sami didn't want to take his backpack to the dining room.
Sami didn't want to talk about it at all.
Sami didn't want to talk about it on Twitter.
Sami didn't want to talk about it online.
Sami didn't want to talk about religion.
Sami didn't want to talk about that for a while.
Sami didn't want to talk about that.
Sami didn't want to talk about the fight.
Sami didn't want to talk about this.
Sami didn't want to talk around Layla.
Sami didn't want to talk to Al-Jazeera.
Sami didn't want to talk to Layla.
Sami didn't want to talk to anybody.
Sami didn't want to talk to me.
Sami didn't want to talk to people.
Sami didn't want to talk to the police.
Sami didn't want to tell Layla his name.
Sami didn't want to tell Layla that he liked her.
Sami didn't want to tell you.
Sami didn't want to testify.
Sami didn't want to think about Layla.
Sami didn't want to think about it.
Sami didn't want to think about the past.
Sami didn't want to think too much about it.
Sami didn't want to throw Layla under the bus.
Sami didn't want to throw anyone under the bus.
Sami didn't want to throw up there.
Sami didn't want to touch the panties.
Sami didn't want to upset Layla.
Sami didn't want to waste time explaining things to Layla.
Sami didn't want to watch that movie.
Sami didn't want to work outside.
Sami didn't want to work that night.
Sami didn't want to worry Layla.
Sami didn't want to worry his mom.
Sami didn't want us to stay in that place.
Sami didn't want what was going on.
Sami didn't warn Layla.
Sami didn't wash his hair.
Sami didn't wash his t-shirts.
Sami didn't wash them.
Sami didn't waste any time.
Sami didn't watch Layla's previous video.
Sami didn't watch that video.
Sami didn't wear a Halloween costume.
Sami didn't wear his bracelet.
Sami didn't wear his wig on a daily basis.
Sami didn't win the lottery.
Sami didn't wish any ill on Layla.
Sami didn't witness the crime.
Sami didn't work.
Sami didn't worry about Layla.
Sami didn't worry about that.
Sami didn't wring his loofa well.
Sami didn't write the thing down.
Sami died a few years later.
Sami died a horrible death.
Sami died a painless death.
Sami died a tragic and painful death.
Sami died a very violent death.
Sami died accidentally.
Sami died after being pushed off the bridge.
Sami died alone.
Sami died at dawn.
Sami died at just 36.
Sami died at just twenty.
Sami died at six in the morning.
Sami died at six.
Sami died at sixteen.
Sami died at the construction site.
Sami died four days later.
Sami died from a seizure.
Sami died from an overdose of sleeping pills that he had taken.
Sami died from antifreeze.
Sami died here.
Sami died in 2006 of heart failure.
Sami died in 2006.
Sami died in June of 1996.
Sami died in June, 2006.
Sami died in Layla's house.
Sami died in a hit-and-run accident.
Sami died in a hunting accident.
Sami died in a mass shooting.
Sami died in a snowstorm.
Sami died in a terrible tragic way.
Sami died in a tragic car accident.
Sami died in an accident.
Sami died in his bed.
Sami died in his vehicle.
Sami died in prison from a health-related issue.
Sami died in prison.
Sami died in the blaze.
Sami died in the emergency room.
Sami died in the fire.
Sami died in the living room.
Sami died in the middle of the night.
Sami died in the robbery.
Sami died instantly.
Sami died just six hours after that call.
Sami died just six months later.
Sami died last year of a heart attack.
Sami died last year.
Sami died later that day.
Sami died like a coward.
Sami died of a single gunshot to the chest.
Sami died of asphyxiation.
Sami died of bone cancer.
Sami died of natural causes.
Sami died of strangulation.
Sami died on a dark night in 2006.
Sami died quickly.
Sami died quite a few years ago.
Sami died six months ago.
Sami died so young and he had so much more to give.
Sami died so young.
Sami died that night.
Sami died the next day.
Sami died there.
Sami died while at work.
Sami died with Layla.
Sami died within 24 hours of being poisoned.
Sami died without knowing Layla was pregnant.
Sami died.
Sami dipped his toe into the water.
Sami disabled the comment section of his YouTube video.
Sami disagreed with Layla's ideas.
Sami disagreed.
Sami disappeared again.
Sami disappeared before I went in there.
Sami disappeared for about six years.
Sami disappeared for hours at a time and nobody really noticed.
Sami disappeared from Cairo.
Sami disappeared from Layla's life.
Sami disappeared from a convenience store.
Sami disappeared from his home and was never heard from again.
Sami disappeared from view.
Sami disappeared in 2006.
Sami disappeared in the blink of an eye.
Sami disappeared into the crowd.
Sami disappeared into the woods.
Sami disappeared on June 6th, 2006.
Sami disappeared to start a new life.
Sami disappeared without a word.
Sami disappeared.
Sami disapproved very much Layla's lifestyle.
Sami disciplined Layla.
Sami disconnected all the cables.
Sami discovered Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami discovered Layla's body in her apartment.
Sami discovered Layla's body in her home.
Sami discovered Layla's body.
Sami discovered Layla's nude pictures.
Sami discovered Layla's weaknesses.
Sami discovered all his money was gone.
Sami discovered an error.
Sami discovered condoms in a bag he shared with Layla.
Sami discovered his dad was missing.
Sami discovered his father's terrible secret.
Sami discovered human remains in the basement of that house.
Sami discovered something sinister about Layla's past.
Sami discovered that Layla had been cheating on him.
Sami discovered that Layla had been having an affair.
Sami discovered that Layla was pregnant.
Sami discovered that his wife was having an affair.
Sami discovered the bodies.
Sami discovered the body of his father, dead on the couch.
Sami discovered the money missing.
Sami discovered the truth about Layla's affair.
Sami discovered the truth about Layla's temperament too late.
Sami discovered the truth too late.
Sami discovered the truth.
Sami discussed Layla's critical condition.
Sami discussed kidnapping and raping women with at least ten different individuals.
Sami discussed that with Layla.
Sami discussed this with Layla.
Sami disengaged the latch.
Sami disguised his voice.
Sami disinfected everything in the bathroom.
Sami disinfected the whole room.
Sami dismembered the body.
Sami dismembered the hookah and put it back together.
Sami dismissed his caregiver.
Sami disobeyed my orders.
Sami disowned his daughter.
Sami displayed an unexpected emotion.
Sami displayed various forms of controlling behavior.
Sami disposed of Layla's body.
Sami disposed of his first victim in the woods.
Sami disposed of the bodies once and for all.
Sami disposed of the victim.
Sami disputed the company's charge.
Sami disrespected Layla's parents.
Sami disrespected Layla.
Sami disrespected his girlfriend.
Sami dissipated his rage through the use of violence.
Sami ditched Layla.
Sami ditched the stolen car.
Sami divorced his wife so that he could be with Layla.
Sami does YouTube as a hobby.
Sami does YouTube just for the money.
Sami does a good job.
Sami does a horrible job.
Sami does a lot of his Christmas shopping at Target.
Sami does a lot of things.
Sami does a lot of videos.
Sami does a really good job.
Sami does all this stuff for Layla.
Sami does amazing things.
Sami does anything he wants to do in life.
Sami does cycling.
Sami does drugs.
Sami does everything.
Sami does hard drugs.
Sami does have a wife.
Sami does have one condition.
Sami does his job every day.
Sami does his own thing.
Sami does it like this.
Sami does love Layla.
Sami does not appreciate Layla ignoring him.
Sami does not believe in ghosts.
Sami does not care.
Sami does not have a YouTube channel.
Sami does not have good intentions.
Sami does not know what is going on.
Sami does not know.
Sami does not live in Cairo.
Sami does not want to be rude to people.
Sami does nothing but deceive Layla.
Sami does nothing.
Sami does remember this.
Sami does stripping.
Sami does take friendship very seriously.
Sami does tend to be indiscreet at times.
Sami does that in front of the kids.
Sami does that, too.
Sami does that.
Sami does the same thing.
Sami does the same things that Layla does.
Sami does there sometimes.
Sami does this after school.
Sami does this all the time.
Sami does this as a hobby.
Sami does this on purpose.
Sami does this shit all the time.
Sami does this thing all the time.
Sami does this to everybody.
Sami does this with Layla.
Sami does this.
Sami does what Layla says.
Sami doesn't agree with Layla.
Sami doesn't agree with me.
Sami doesn't agree with them.
Sami doesn't allow strangers in.
Sami doesn't always look like this.
Sami doesn't answer numbers he doesn't know.
Sami doesn't answer random numbers.
Sami doesn't appreciate Layla ignoring him.
Sami doesn't believe Jesus is God.
Sami doesn't believe Jesus was the son of God.
Sami doesn't believe Layla.
Sami doesn't believe anybody should say the N-word.
Sami doesn't believe in God.
Sami doesn't believe in a creator.
Sami doesn't believe in anything.
Sami doesn't believe in ghosts.
Sami doesn't believe in it.
Sami doesn't believe in negative and evil spirits.
Sami doesn't believe in the paranormal.
Sami doesn't believe in this.
Sami doesn't believe me.
Sami doesn't believe that Layla is that kind of person.
Sami doesn't believe this.
Sami doesn't believe you.
Sami doesn't belong here.
Sami doesn't blame Layla.
Sami doesn't blame you because you weren't here when this happened.
Sami doesn't care about Layla's professional life.
Sami doesn't care about Thanksgiving.
Sami doesn't care about his career anymore.
Sami doesn't care about me.
Sami doesn't care about that.
Sami doesn't care about the opinions of other people.
Sami doesn't care about the price.
Sami doesn't care about this nasty shit.
Sami doesn't care about what Layla says.
Sami doesn't care anymore.
Sami doesn't care anyway.
Sami doesn't care if Layla is listening or not.
Sami doesn't care if his daughter likes girls.
Sami doesn't care if you don't agree with him.
Sami doesn't care now.
Sami doesn't care what Layla likes.
Sami doesn't care what everybody else does.
Sami doesn't care what everybody else is doing.
Sami doesn't care what her name is.
Sami doesn't care what's going on outside.
Sami doesn't care who Layla is.
Sami doesn't care who sees this video.
Sami doesn't care.
Sami doesn't celebrate Christmas.
Sami doesn't celebrate Halloween.
Sami doesn't cheat.
Sami doesn't clean up.
Sami doesn't come from where I come from.
Sami doesn't come here often.
Sami doesn't come on weekends.
Sami doesn't come to work.
Sami doesn't comment on pictures on Facebook.
Sami doesn't condone this.
Sami doesn't consider himself a celebrity.
Sami doesn't consider himself part of the gay community.
Sami doesn't consider this as cheating.
Sami doesn't cook.
Sami doesn't curse.
Sami doesn't date Layla anymore.
Sami doesn't date anymore.
Sami doesn't date black women.
Sami doesn't date this girl.
Sami doesn't date this type of girl.
Sami doesn't date.
Sami doesn't deserve Layla's love.
Sami doesn't deserve a tragic end like this.
Sami doesn't deserve more than what I deserve from life.
Sami doesn't deserve that.
Sami doesn't deserve the girlfriend he has.
Sami doesn't deserve this happiness.
Sami doesn't deserve this.
Sami doesn't deserve to see the light of day again.
Sami doesn't deserve your tears.
Sami doesn't dislike this girl but she is giving him really weird vibes.
Sami doesn't do any drugs.
Sami doesn't do any of that shit.
Sami doesn't do anything.
Sami doesn't do drugs anymore.
Sami doesn't do drugs.
Sami doesn't do homework.
Sami doesn't do it.
Sami doesn't do shit like that.
Sami doesn't do that anymore.
Sami doesn't do that.
Sami doesn't do things the way I do.
Sami doesn't do this anymore.
Sami doesn't do this kind of stuff.
Sami doesn't do this to make money.
Sami doesn't do this.
Sami doesn't do what people want him to do.
Sami doesn't doubt that.
Sami doesn't drink alcohol at all.
Sami doesn't drink any alcohol.
Sami doesn't drink at all.
Sami doesn't drink because he's Muslim.
Sami doesn't drink beer.
Sami doesn't drink milk.
Sami doesn't drink much.
Sami doesn't drink tequila.
Sami doesn't drink wine.
Sami doesn't drive that car much.
Sami doesn't drive.
Sami doesn't ear French fries.
Sami doesn't easily give up.
Sami doesn't eat anything.
Sami doesn't eat bacon.
Sami doesn't eat fast food like he used to.
Sami doesn't eat pork chops.
Sami doesn't eat pork.
Sami doesn't eat red meat.
Sami doesn't encouraging anyone to do this.
Sami doesn't envy Layla.
Sami doesn't even care about that.
Sami doesn't even care.
Sami doesn't even consider himself as a YouTuber.
Sami doesn't even do it that way.
Sami doesn't even drink coffee.
Sami doesn't even exist.
Sami doesn't even get attention from women.
Sami doesn't even go to school.
Sami doesn't even have a dog.
Sami doesn't even have a girlfriend.
Sami doesn't even have a last name.
Sami doesn't even have a lunch break.
Sami doesn't even have a wristwatch.
Sami doesn't even know Layla's friends.
Sami doesn't even know Layla's full name.
Sami doesn't even know Layla's name.
Sami doesn't even know Layla.
Sami doesn't even know about this.
Sami doesn't even know her name.
Sami doesn't even know her.
Sami doesn't even know his own age.
Sami doesn't even know how to say it.
Sami doesn't even know it.
Sami doesn't even know me.
Sami doesn't even know my name.
Sami doesn't even know that Layla is here.
Sami doesn't even know that guy.
Sami doesn't even know that.
Sami doesn't even know the word for it.
Sami doesn't even know this man.
Sami doesn't even know what Layla likes.
Sami doesn't even know what Layla looked like.
Sami doesn't even know what Layla looks like.
Sami doesn't even know what Layla's problem is.
Sami doesn't even know what color Layla's iPod is.
Sami doesn't even know what he is doing.
Sami doesn't even know what meth is.
Sami doesn't even know what that is.
Sami doesn't even know what the word terrorist means.
Sami doesn't even know what to say.
Sami doesn't even know where I am.
Sami doesn't even know where Layla came from.
Sami doesn't even know where he is going.
Sami doesn't even know where he is.
Sami doesn't even know where to start.
Sami doesn't even know who these guys are.
Sami doesn't even know why he hates certain people.
Sami doesn't even know you.
Sami doesn't even know.
Sami doesn't even look in Layla's direction.
Sami doesn't even notice that.
Sami doesn't even plan on going back there.
Sami doesn't even remember his age.
Sami doesn't even remember what Layla said.
Sami doesn't even remember why he got grounded.
Sami doesn't even remember.
Sami doesn't even smoke weed.
Sami doesn't even smoke.
Sami doesn't even trust his wife, Layla.
Sami doesn't even understand how this is possible.
Sami doesn't even view weed as a drug.
Sami doesn't even want that.
Sami doesn't even want this shirt.
Sami doesn't even want to be here.
Sami doesn't even want to talk about that.
Sami doesn't even want to think about it.
Sami doesn't even wear those shoes.
Sami doesn't feel OK.
Sami doesn't feel appreciated.
Sami doesn't feel ashamed.
Sami doesn't feel comfortable cheating.
Sami doesn't feel comfortable talking about this.
Sami doesn't feel comfortable telling people where he lives.
Sami doesn't feel completely comfortable talking about those memories.
Sami doesn't feel good.
Sami doesn't feel like doing it.
Sami doesn't feel like going to the zoo.
Sami doesn't feel like he can call his stepdad "Dad."
Sami doesn't feel like that.
Sami doesn't feel right.
Sami doesn't feel safe.
Sami doesn't feel the same way.
Sami doesn't feel the same.
Sami doesn't feel very good.
Sami doesn't fit anywhere in this crazy world.
Sami doesn't fucking care anymore.
Sami doesn't fully trust Layla.
Sami doesn't gamble.
Sami doesn't get along with his manager.
Sami doesn't get caught.
Sami doesn't get much rest.
Sami doesn't give a damn about convenience.
Sami doesn't give a damn about what you think about him.
Sami doesn't give a fuck about you.
Sami doesn't give a fuck.
Sami doesn't give a shit about it.
Sami doesn't give a shit but Layla still does.
Sami doesn't go out.
Sami doesn't go to bars.
Sami doesn't go to church because he's Muslim.
Sami doesn't go to school here.
Sami doesn't go to that school.
Sami doesn't handle rejection very well.
Sami doesn't hang out with people.
Sami doesn't hang out with them.
Sami doesn't hate Layla.
Sami doesn't have Layla's message anymore.
Sami doesn't have Layla's money.
Sami doesn't have Layla's number.
Sami doesn't have Layla's watch.
Sami doesn't have a Facebook anymore.
Sami doesn't have a YouTube channel.
Sami doesn't have a bag.
Sami doesn't have a bank account.
Sami doesn't have a basement.
Sami doesn't have a car.
Sami doesn't have a cat.
Sami doesn't have a choice.
Sami doesn't have a common name.
Sami doesn't have a curfew.
Sami doesn't have a date.
Sami doesn't have a diploma.
Sami doesn't have a dog.
Sami doesn't have a driver's license yet.
Sami doesn't have a driver's license.
Sami doesn't have a family, but he has two dogs.
Sami doesn't have a favorite movie.
Sami doesn't have a girlfriend. I know that for sure.
Sami doesn't have a guest room.
Sami doesn't have a jacket to give to Layla.
Sami doesn't have a job.
Sami doesn't have a key.
Sami doesn't have a license.
Sami doesn't have a name tag.
Sami doesn't have a passport.
Sami doesn't have a phone number.
Sami doesn't have a phone.
Sami doesn't have a plan.
Sami doesn't have a problem with black people.
Sami doesn't have a problem.
Sami doesn't have a religion.
Sami doesn't have a son.
Sami doesn't have a twin.
Sami doesn't have a vision.
Sami doesn't have a whole lot of friendships.
Sami doesn't have access to those e-mails anymore.
Sami doesn't have all the answers.
Sami doesn't have an address.
Sami doesn't have an appetite.
Sami doesn't have an innocent face.
Sami doesn't have an issue with Layla's ex.
Sami doesn't have an issue with Layla.
Sami doesn't have an issue with me.
Sami doesn't have any background information about that.
Sami doesn't have any children.
Sami doesn't have any desire to attend that school anymore.
Sami doesn't have any family and friends.
Sami doesn't have any family.
Sami doesn't have any friends.
Sami doesn't have any gel.
Sami doesn't have any interesting stories to tell.
Sami doesn't have any memory of actually doing that.
Sami doesn't have any money to buy Christmas presents for his family.
Sami doesn't have any money.
Sami doesn't have any other option.
Sami doesn't have any other pictures on Facebook.
Sami doesn't have any other rooms.
Sami doesn't have any problem with dogs.
Sami doesn't have any problem with me.
Sami doesn't have any problem.
Sami doesn't have any problems with Layla.
Sami doesn't have any story to tell.
Sami doesn't have any water.
Sami doesn't have any weapons on him.
Sami doesn't have anything to apologize for.
Sami doesn't have anything to do here.
Sami doesn't have anything to do with this.
Sami doesn't have anything to say.
Sami doesn't have cash on him.
Sami doesn't have cash.
Sami doesn't have cigarettes on him.
Sami doesn't have class this morning.
Sami doesn't have contact with Layla anymore.
Sami doesn't have enough details.
Sami doesn't have enough strength to confront the mob.
Sami doesn't have family members that would be there for him during his time of need.
Sami doesn't have friends.
Sami doesn't have his ID.
Sami doesn't have his gun on him.
Sami doesn't have his phone.
Sami doesn't have issues with Layla.
Sami doesn't have issues with girls.
Sami doesn't have many friends.
Sami doesn't have medication.
Sami doesn't have money for cigarettes.
Sami doesn't have money in his car.
Sami doesn't have money.
Sami doesn't have muscles. He can't do this.
Sami doesn't have patience.
Sami doesn't have reliable family members.
Sami doesn't have respect for Layla.
Sami doesn't have running water.
Sami doesn't have shit to apologize for.
Sami doesn't have sisters.
Sami doesn't have sixty bucks.
Sami doesn't have sixty dollars.
Sami doesn't have someone with him.
Sami doesn't have that much time for lunch.
Sami doesn't have the authority to do that.
Sami doesn't have the budget.
Sami doesn't have the money right now.
Sami doesn't have the money to sue them.
Sami doesn't have the order number.
Sami doesn't have the right to do that.
Sami doesn't have the right to talk about this.
Sami doesn't have this option.
Sami doesn't have time for it.
Sami doesn't have time right now.
Sami doesn't have time to go through all of them.
Sami doesn't have time to waste.
Sami doesn't have time to write this.
Sami doesn't have time.
Sami doesn't have to be around them.
Sami doesn't have to be confrontational all the time.
Sami doesn't have to be here.
Sami doesn't have to be in contact with Layla.
Sami doesn't have to be in this car.
Sami doesn't have to be so perfect.
Sami doesn't have to be so silly about that.
Sami doesn't have to buy anything.
Sami doesn't have to deal with this.
Sami doesn't have to do anything.
Sami doesn't have to do that anymore.
Sami doesn't have to do that for ever.
Sami doesn't have to do this alone.
Sami doesn't have to do this anymore.
Sami doesn't have to do this if he doesn't want to.
Sami doesn't have to explain everything to Layla.
Sami doesn't have to go through that.
Sami doesn't have to go to the doctor's.
Sami doesn't have to know.
Sami doesn't have to listen to this.
Sami doesn't have to live in fear.
Sami doesn't have to live with that guilt.
Sami doesn't have to protect Layla anymore.
Sami doesn't have to show Layla that.
Sami doesn't have to stay in Egypt anymore.
Sami doesn't have to study.
Sami doesn't have to talk about that.
Sami doesn't have to tell Layla that.
Sami doesn't have to tell Layla.
Sami doesn't have to try and understand anyone.
Sami doesn't have to wait so long.
Sami doesn't have to watch this video.
Sami doesn't have to worry about anything right now.
Sami doesn't have to worry about his finances.
Sami doesn't have to worry about his problems anymore.
Sami doesn't have to worry about it.
Sami doesn't have to worry about that.
Sami doesn't have to worry about this.
Sami doesn't have very many people to talk to about this.
Sami doesn't hear anything.
Sami doesn't hold grudges.
Sami doesn't intend to return to that area.
Sami doesn't judge anybody.
Sami doesn't judge at all.
Sami doesn't just waste time.
Sami doesn't know English.
Sami doesn't know Layla and he doesn't know anything about her.
Sami doesn't know Layla and she doesn't know him.
Sami doesn't know Layla at all.
Sami doesn't know Layla is here.
Sami doesn't know Layla is pregnant.
Sami doesn't know Layla like that.
Sami doesn't know Layla on a personal level.
Sami doesn't know Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami doesn't know Layla's boss.
Sami doesn't know Layla's car.
Sami doesn't know Layla's finger size.
Sami doesn't know Layla's full name.
Sami doesn't know Layla's name.
Sami doesn't know Layla's parents.
Sami doesn't know Layla's past record.
Sami doesn't know Layla's personality well.
Sami doesn't know Layla's real identity.
Sami doesn't know Layla's real name.
Sami doesn't know Layla's true name.
Sami doesn't know a lot about Buddhism.
Sami doesn't know a lot about Layla.
Sami doesn't know a lot about cars.
Sami doesn't know about it.
Sami doesn't know about you.
Sami doesn't know and will never know.
Sami doesn't know any of Layla's friends.
Sami doesn't know any of that.
Sami doesn't know anybody here.
Sami doesn't know anyone from that area.
Sami doesn't know anyone.
Sami doesn't know anything about Islam and Muslims.
Sami doesn't know anything about Islam.
Sami doesn't know anything about Layla's plan.
Sami doesn't know anything about girls.
Sami doesn't know anything about management.
Sami doesn't know anything about me.
Sami doesn't know anything about taxes.
Sami doesn't know anything about that young woman.
Sami doesn't know anything about that.
Sami doesn't know anything about the LGBT community.
Sami doesn't know anything about the gay community.
Sami doesn't know anything about this guy.
Sami doesn't know anything about you.
Sami doesn't know anything else about that girl.
Sami doesn't know anything.
Sami doesn't know cars.
Sami doesn't know exactly what Layla said.
Sami doesn't know exactly what it's called.
Sami doesn't know her name.
Sami doesn't know her.
Sami doesn't know his Facebook friends in real life.
Sami doesn't know how Facebook works.
Sami doesn't know how Layla and Farid met.
Sami doesn't know how Layla found his Facebook page.
Sami doesn't know how Layla found his video.
Sami doesn't know how Layla got his number.
Sami doesn't know how Layla operates with men.
Sami doesn't know how else to put it.
Sami doesn't know how he found it.
Sami doesn't know how he survived in customer service.
Sami doesn't know how it works here.
Sami doesn't know how long Layla has been there.
Sami doesn't know how long this has been going on.
Sami doesn't know how long this will last.
Sami doesn't know how much money was missing.
Sami doesn't know how old Layla was at the time.
Sami doesn't know how old he is.
Sami doesn't know how this happened.
Sami doesn't know how to control himself.
Sami doesn't know how to date outside of high school.
Sami doesn't know how to deal with Layla's children.
Sami doesn't know how to deal with this.
Sami doesn't know how to explain it.
Sami doesn't know how to explain that.
Sami doesn't know how to explain this.
Sami doesn't know how to fight.
Sami doesn't know how to hack computers.
Sami doesn't know how to hack.
Sami doesn't know how to handle this situation.
Sami doesn't know how to intervene.
Sami doesn't know how to pray.
Sami doesn't know how to say this in Arabic.
Sami doesn't know how to say this.
Sami doesn't know how to spell anything.
Sami doesn't know how to subscribe.
Sami doesn't know how to take pictures.
Sami doesn't know how to use the washing machine.
Sami doesn't know how to write that.
Sami doesn't know if Layla heard him or not.
Sami doesn't know if Layla is talking to another guy.
Sami doesn't know if Layla is telling him the whole truth.
Sami doesn't know if Layla still remembers this.
Sami doesn't know if he is going to see his friend again.
Sami doesn't know it yet.
Sami doesn't know many people who do YouTube.
Sami doesn't know much about wig.
Sami doesn't know my dad.
Sami doesn't know shit.
Sami doesn't know someone else he could speak to.
Sami doesn't know that Layla is crazy.
Sami doesn't know that Layla was pregnant.
Sami doesn't know that girl.
Sami doesn't know that much about wigs.
Sami doesn't know that yet.
Sami doesn't know that.
Sami doesn't know the customer's name.
Sami doesn't know the half of it.
Sami doesn't know the origin of those drawings.
Sami doesn't know the truth.
Sami doesn't know their names.
Sami doesn't know them.
Sami doesn't know this bitch.
Sami doesn't know this girl at all.
Sami doesn't know this guy.
Sami doesn't know this place.
Sami doesn't know this story.
Sami doesn't know this woman.
Sami doesn't know this.
Sami doesn't know very much about cars.
Sami doesn't know what Layla could do to him.
Sami doesn't know what Layla did.
Sami doesn't know what Layla does.
Sami doesn't know what Layla is talking about.
Sami doesn't know what Layla is trying to do.
Sami doesn't know what Layla is wearing.
Sami doesn't know what Layla looks like.
Sami doesn't know what Layla meant.
Sami doesn't know what Layla wants from him.
Sami doesn't know what Layla wants him to do.
Sami doesn't know what Layla wants.
Sami doesn't know what Layla was doing in that bathroom.
Sami doesn't know what Walmart is.
Sami doesn't know what actually happened.
Sami doesn't know what aspirin is.
Sami doesn't know what chlamydia is.
Sami doesn't know what happened after that.
Sami doesn't know what happened at the nightclub.
Sami doesn't know what happened on the day of the accident.
Sami doesn't know what happened that night.
Sami doesn't know what happened to Layla.
Sami doesn't know what happened to that girl.
Sami doesn't know what he did to deserve that.
Sami doesn't know what he's doing here.
Sami doesn't know what he's doing.
Sami doesn't know what he's saying.
Sami doesn't know what he's talking about.
Sami doesn't know what his hourly pay is.
Sami doesn't know what his position is.
Sami doesn't know what is going on but he will find out.
Sami doesn't know what is going on.
Sami doesn't know what it means.
Sami doesn't know what it was.
Sami doesn't know what love is.
Sami doesn't know what prompted Layla to do this.
Sami doesn't know what prompted the teacher to do this.
Sami doesn't know what that color is called.
Sami doesn't know what that is.
Sami doesn't know what that means.
Sami doesn't know what that whisky is called.
Sami doesn't know what the fuck to do.
Sami doesn't know what the next step is.
Sami doesn't know what this drug is call.
Sami doesn't know what this entails.
Sami doesn't know what this is.
Sami doesn't know what this means.
Sami doesn't know what this word means.
Sami doesn't know what time of Layla's life she is talking about.
Sami doesn't know what time of Layla's life she's talking about.
Sami doesn't know what to believe.
Sami doesn't know what to do in situations like these.
Sami doesn't know what to do.
Sami doesn't know what to expect.
Sami doesn't know what to say.
Sami doesn't know what to tell Layla.
Sami doesn't know what type of drug Layla is on.
Sami doesn't know what's going on for sure.
Sami doesn't know what's going on.
Sami doesn't know what's going to happen.
Sami doesn't know what's in there.
Sami doesn't know what's up.
Sami doesn't know when Layla is getting back.
Sami doesn't know where Layla came from.
Sami doesn't know where Layla is at today.
Sami doesn't know where Layla is now.
Sami doesn't know where Layla is.
Sami doesn't know where Layla went.
Sami doesn't know where he is.
Sami doesn't know where his camera charger is.
Sami doesn't know where his iPod is.
Sami doesn't know where his money is.
Sami doesn't know where she is.
Sami doesn't know where that dog came from.
Sami doesn't know where that store is.
Sami doesn't know where the money is going.
Sami doesn't know where the smell is coming from.
Sami doesn't know where you live now.
Sami doesn't know where you live.
Sami doesn't know which direction Layla went.
Sami doesn't know who I am.
Sami doesn't know who Layla is or where she came from.
Sami doesn't know who Layla is talking about.
Sami doesn't know who Layla is.
Sami doesn't know who he's messing with.
Sami doesn't know who his father is.
Sami doesn't know who is lying.
Sami doesn't know who shot him.
Sami doesn't know who stabbed him.
Sami doesn't know who stole his car.
Sami doesn't know who stole his iPod.
Sami doesn't know who that girl is.
Sami doesn't know who that is.
Sami doesn't know who that lady is.
Sami doesn't know who that woman is.
Sami doesn't know who they were.
Sami doesn't know who this bitch is.
Sami doesn't know who this lady is.
Sami doesn't know who this person is.
Sami doesn't know who those people are.
Sami doesn't know whose car this is.
Sami doesn't know why Layla acted like that.
Sami doesn't know why Layla did that.
Sami doesn't know why Layla does this.
Sami doesn't know why Layla has a knife.
Sami doesn't know why Layla is pissed.
Sami doesn't know why he didn't mention that.
Sami doesn't know why.
Sami doesn't know yet.
Sami doesn't know you.
Sami doesn't know.
Sami doesn't let people hold him back from what he wants to do.
Sami doesn't let people in his house at all.
Sami doesn't like Americans working here. He prefers to hire illegal immigrants.
Sami doesn't like Chinese food at all.
Sami doesn't like Facebook anymore.
Sami doesn't like French fries.
Sami doesn't like Layla anymore.
Sami doesn't like Layla anyways.
Sami doesn't like Layla because she is ginger.
Sami doesn't like Layla calling him on his cellphone.
Sami doesn't like Layla either.
Sami doesn't like Layla's approach.
Sami doesn't like Layla's art.
Sami doesn't like Layla's boyfriend.
Sami doesn't like Layla's cooking.
Sami doesn't like Layla's dress.
Sami doesn't like Layla's family.
Sami doesn't like Layla's hair.
Sami doesn't like Layla's wig too much.
Sami doesn't like Layla's wig.
Sami doesn't like Layla's work.
Sami doesn't like Layla.
Sami doesn't like Muslims.
Sami doesn't like answering numbers he doesn't know.
Sami doesn't like any of these stories.
Sami doesn't like anybody in this school.
Sami doesn't like anybody.
Sami doesn't like attics.
Sami doesn't like birds.
Sami doesn't like blondes.
Sami doesn't like bugs.
Sami doesn't like coffee at all.
Sami doesn't like confrontation.
Sami doesn't like couples working at his office.
Sami doesn't like darkness.
Sami doesn't like dogs.
Sami doesn't like driving.
Sami doesn't like fighting.
Sami doesn't like friends like that.
Sami doesn't like going to clubs.
Sami doesn't like holding grudges.
Sami doesn't like hurting people like that.
Sami doesn't like it here.
Sami doesn't like it one bit.
Sami doesn't like jeans.
Sami doesn't like me.
Sami doesn't like memes.
Sami doesn't like oysters.
Sami doesn't like people to pet his service dog.
Sami doesn't like raccoons.
Sami doesn't like rap music.
Sami doesn't like rude customers.
Sami doesn't like scary movies.
Sami doesn't like sharing drinks with friends.
Sami doesn't like snakes.
Sami doesn't like soccer.
Sami doesn't like stuff like that.
Sami doesn't like that at all.
Sami doesn't like that bickering.
Sami doesn't like that girl too much.
Sami doesn't like that kind of stuff.
Sami doesn't like that.
Sami doesn't like the biscuits.
Sami doesn't like the ending of the story.
Sami doesn't like the teacher.
Sami doesn't like this guy.
Sami doesn't like this jacket.
Sami doesn't like this type of neighborhood.
Sami doesn't like this wig.
Sami doesn't like this.
Sami doesn't like to be treated like that.
Sami doesn't like to confront people in front of everybody else.
Sami doesn't like to do this.
Sami doesn't like to live with secrets.
Sami doesn't like to make judgments.
Sami doesn't like to mention this.
Sami doesn't like to talk like that.
Sami doesn't like to wait.
Sami doesn't like weed.
Sami doesn't like you.
Sami doesn't listen to other people.
Sami doesn't listen to rumors.
Sami doesn't listen to these artists.
Sami doesn't listen to this kind of shit.
Sami doesn't live at that address anymore.
Sami doesn't live at the airport.
Sami doesn't live here anymore.
Sami doesn't live here.
Sami doesn't live in Cairo.
Sami doesn't live in fear anymore.
Sami doesn't live in that neighborhood.
Sami doesn't live on a farm.
Sami doesn't live the life of a saint.
Sami doesn't live there.
Sami doesn't look crazy.
Sami doesn't look like a person who has never been angry.
Sami doesn't look poor.
Sami doesn't look so bad.
Sami doesn't look too well.
Sami doesn't love anyone.
Sami doesn't love me.
Sami doesn't make YouTube videos.
Sami doesn't make a ton of money.
Sami doesn't make bread.
Sami doesn't make that much money.
Sami doesn't make up these stories. They are real.
Sami doesn't match the suspect's description.
Sami doesn't mean that in a rude way.
Sami doesn't mind Layla's long stories. In fact, he loves them.
Sami doesn't need Layla's car.
Sami doesn't need Layla's services.
Sami doesn't need a blunt. He rather needs to go to the doctor's.
Sami doesn't need a contract.
Sami doesn't need a father.
Sami doesn't need a gun.
Sami doesn't need a hostess.
Sami doesn't need a mentor.
Sami doesn't need a ride.
Sami doesn't need any charity from you.
Sami doesn't need any help.
Sami doesn't need anything else.
Sami doesn't need anything.
Sami doesn't need extra work.
Sami doesn't need groceries.
Sami doesn't need his phone.
Sami doesn't need that anymore.
Sami doesn't need them.
Sami doesn't need this job.
Sami doesn't need this shit.
Sami doesn't need to apologize to Layla.
Sami doesn't need to ask the question.
Sami doesn't need to be a teacher.
Sami doesn't need to be here.
Sami doesn't need to be in Cairo anymore.
Sami doesn't need to be in this mess.
Sami doesn't need to call a plumber.
Sami doesn't need to come over.
Sami doesn't need to convert to this religion.
Sami doesn't need to curse at me to get what he wants.
Sami doesn't need to do this.
Sami doesn't need to drink this.
Sami doesn't need to embarrass Layla like that.
Sami doesn't need to explain anything.
Sami doesn't need to explain himself.
Sami doesn't need to explain what he did.
Sami doesn't need to go to college.
Sami doesn't need to hire anybody.
Sami doesn't need to know that.
Sami doesn't need to move out.
Sami doesn't need to play baseball anymore.
Sami doesn't need to post things like these.
Sami doesn't need to risk his life.
Sami doesn't need to teach Layla everything from the ground up.
Sami doesn't need to teach Layla how to clean the house.
Sami doesn't need to tell Layla.
Sami doesn't need to tell you.
Sami doesn't need to thank me for anything.
Sami doesn't need to work.
Sami doesn't need you paying for his food.
Sami doesn't need you paying for his meal.
Sami doesn't need your help.
Sami doesn't normally click on Facebook wigs.
Sami doesn't only dress as a woman. He believes he is one.
Sami doesn't pay attention to Layla anymore.
Sami doesn't pay rent here.
Sami doesn't play poker.
Sami doesn't play this game.
Sami doesn't play.
Sami doesn't pray to Jesus.
Sami doesn't put his groceries in the trunk.
Sami doesn't put his name in the e-mail.
Sami doesn't put up with this shit.
Sami doesn't read the comments on his videos.
Sami doesn't really agree with that.
Sami doesn't really care about getting close to his stepfather.
Sami doesn't really care about that.
Sami doesn't really care.
Sami doesn't really enjoy that.
Sami doesn't really give a shit.
Sami doesn't really go by this name.
Sami doesn't really go to nightclubs.
Sami doesn't really have friends.
Sami doesn't really have time to do this.
Sami doesn't really know Layla.
Sami doesn't really know her.
Sami doesn't really know how Layla did that.
Sami doesn't really know how to talk to girls.
Sami doesn't really know that branch of the family.
Sami doesn't really know that much.
Sami doesn't really know that side of the family very well.
Sami doesn't really know that.
Sami doesn't really know what to do.
Sami doesn't really know.
Sami doesn't really like talking about his past.
Sami doesn't really like talking about this.
Sami doesn't really like that girl.
Sami doesn't really like them.
Sami doesn't really like this.
Sami doesn't really mind.
Sami doesn't really remember.
Sami doesn't really see that.
Sami doesn't really think anything of it.
Sami doesn't really understand that.
Sami doesn't really understand this.
Sami doesn't really want to talk about this.
Sami doesn't recall anything.
Sami doesn't recollect the facts.
Sami doesn't recommend Tinder to anybody.
Sami doesn't recommend anyone to go there.
Sami doesn't recommend doing that.
Sami doesn't regret this.
Sami doesn't remember Layla and Farid.
Sami doesn't remember Layla talking to him.
Sami doesn't remember Layla's exact age.
Sami doesn't remember Layla's full name.
Sami doesn't remember Layla's last name.
Sami doesn't remember Layla's name.
Sami doesn't remember Layla's nickname.
Sami doesn't remember Layla.
Sami doesn't remember anything.
Sami doesn't remember attacking Layla.
Sami doesn't remember everything Layla said.
Sami doesn't remember exactly what he was doing.
Sami doesn't remember getting up in the middle of the night.
Sami doesn't remember his age.
Sami doesn't remember how he got home.
Sami doesn't remember me.
Sami doesn't remember most of the details.
Sami doesn't remember much of day one.
Sami doesn't remember much.
Sami doesn't remember of Layla did anything to him.
Sami doesn't remember seeing anything.
Sami doesn't remember that.
Sami doesn't remember the details of the meeting.
Sami doesn't remember the exact wording of the message.
Sami doesn't remember the girl's name.
Sami doesn't remember the name of the teacher.
Sami doesn't remember the nickname he gave Layla.
Sami doesn't remember the nickname he gave the math teacher.
Sami doesn't remember the rest.
Sami doesn't remember this correctly.
Sami doesn't remember this exactly.
Sami doesn't remember this.
Sami doesn't remember verbatim what Layla wrote in the text message.
Sami doesn't remember verbatim what he said to Layla.
Sami doesn't remember what Layla said.
Sami doesn't remember what happened.
Sami doesn't remember what he called the video.
Sami doesn't remember what he did.
Sami doesn't remember what he said in the car.
Sami doesn't remember what he was doing.
Sami doesn't remember what it was.
Sami doesn't remember when he called Layla.
Sami doesn't remember where Layla was from.
Sami doesn't remember where he went.
Sami doesn't remember whether it was a Friday or a Saturday.
Sami doesn't remember who it was.
Sami doesn't remember who picked him up.
Sami doesn't remember.
Sami doesn't reply.
Sami doesn't respect Layla's feelings.
Sami doesn't ride that bus.
Sami doesn't ride this bicycle anymore.
Sami doesn't say anything.
Sami doesn't scare me anymore.
Sami doesn't see Layla.
Sami doesn't see my face.
Sami doesn't see this as a problem.
Sami doesn't see this every day.
Sami doesn't seem to be around anywhere.
Sami doesn't seem to be making much progress.
Sami doesn't seem well.
Sami doesn't sell bread.
Sami doesn't share his personal life on YouTube.
Sami doesn't share personal things on his YouTube channel.
Sami doesn't show Layla any respect.
Sami doesn't sleep.
Sami doesn't smoke anymore.
Sami doesn't smoke now.
Sami doesn't smoke weed.
Sami doesn't smoke.
Sami doesn't sort his friends properly.
Sami doesn't speak Arabic.
Sami doesn't speak a word of Arabic.
Sami doesn't speak to people.
Sami doesn't take no for an answer very well.
Sami doesn't take rejection very well.
Sami doesn't talk about her.
Sami doesn't talk about his private life.
Sami doesn't talk about money.
Sami doesn't talk as much shit to me as he used to do.
Sami doesn't talk back to anybody.
Sami doesn't talk like this.
Sami doesn't talk to Layla anymore.
Sami doesn't talk to Layla at all.
Sami doesn't talk to Layla with much respect.
Sami doesn't talk to Layla.
Sami doesn't talk to her anymore.
Sami doesn't talk to that person.
Sami doesn't tell on Layla.
Sami doesn't think Layla is a hairstylist.
Sami doesn't think Layla is attractive.
Sami doesn't think Layla is performing well.
Sami doesn't think Layla knows that it was him that has done that.
Sami doesn't think Layla lives here.
Sami doesn't think Layla needs to be in a psychiatric hospital.
Sami doesn't think Layla recognized him.
Sami doesn't think Layla was pregnant.
Sami doesn't think anything of it.
Sami doesn't think it is going to work.
Sami doesn't think it'll be quite that easy.
Sami doesn't think it's gonna work.
Sami doesn't think so.
Sami doesn't think that he could do it.
Sami doesn't think that these footprints could be a clue.
Sami doesn't think that these things are correlated.
Sami doesn't think that this is the best thing for Layla to do.
Sami doesn't think that was the truth at all.
Sami doesn't think that's a good idea.
Sami doesn't think this is a good idea.
Sami doesn't think this is a joke.
Sami doesn't think this is important.
Sami doesn't throw parties.
Sami doesn't time for this.
Sami doesn't to that at all.
Sami doesn't tolerate that.
Sami doesn't trust Layla.
Sami doesn't trust anybody.
Sami doesn't trust anyone.
Sami doesn't trust strangers.
Sami doesn't trust you anymore.
Sami doesn't understand Layla and Salima's girl code.
Sami doesn't understand Layla's parents.
Sami doesn't understand Trinity.
Sami doesn't understand any of this.
Sami doesn't understand anything Layla was going through.
Sami doesn't understand anything.
Sami doesn't understand his daughters' girl code.
Sami doesn't understand me.
Sami doesn't understand that.
Sami doesn't understand the terminology that Layla is using.
Sami doesn't understand this.
Sami doesn't understand what is going on.
Sami doesn't understand what is wrong with Layla.
Sami doesn't understand why Layla is bad-mouthing Farid.
Sami doesn't understand why Layla is getting upset at him.
Sami doesn't understand why Layla is not open with him.
Sami doesn't understand why Layla is so insecure.
Sami doesn't understand why Layla is talking about Farid.
Sami doesn't understand why Layla is upset with him.
Sami doesn't understand why his paycheck is so short.
Sami doesn't understand why.
Sami doesn't understand.
Sami doesn't upload videos on his YouTube channels.
Sami doesn't use Facebook anymore.
Sami doesn't use Facebook.
