Blessed are those who have no talent!
Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness: for they will be filled.
Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be comforted.
Blessed are those who mourn: for they will be comforted.
Blessed for not making me a woman.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he will never be disillusioned.
Blessed is he who has found his work.
Blessed is she who expects nothing, for she will never be disillusioned.
Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another.
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
Blessed is the one who expects nothing, for this one will never be disillusioned.
Blessed is the one who expects nothing, never being disillusioned.
Blessed is the one who has nothing to say and still stays quiet!
Blessed is the one, who thinks they are right.
Blessed is the season which engages the whole world in a conspiracy of love!
Blessed water is another name for holy water.
Blessings to all earthlings!
Bletted medlars are almost rotten.
Bletted medlars are dark brown and tasty.
Bletted medlars are easy to peel.
Bletted medlars are quite tasty.
Bletted medlars are soft and gooey.
Bletted medlars are very tasty.
Bletted medlars aren't very appetizing.
Bletted medlars can be eaten raw.
Bletted medlars can be eaten.
Bletted medlars don't look very appetizing.
Bletted medlars have a kind of cinnamon flavor to them.
Bletted medlars look like rotten fruits.
Bletted medlars look rotten but are perfectly edible and quite tasty.
Bletted medlars taste amazing.
Bletted medlars taste good but have a sandy texture.
Bletted medlars taste kind of applish.
Bletted medlars taste like a combination of dates and cinnamon.
Bletted medlars taste like applesauce with a cinnamon flavor to it.
Bletted medlars taste like applesauce.
Bletting medlars is a little bit of a challenge.
Blimey!
Blimey! Swiss trains have got the lot!
Blimey, I don't believe it!
Blimey, O'Reilly, who's got a veranda?
Blimey, it's already half six!
Blimey, it's hot! I think we should get the day off because of the heat.
Blimey, the bottle's almost empty!
Blimey, today wasn't Saturday?
Blimey, what a bellend!
Blimey, what a hard day!
Blimey, who would've thought it?
Blimey, you ask a lot of questions!
Blimey, you're asking a lot of questions!
Blind be he whoever portrayed you yet did not paint that birthmark of yours gifted by Venus herself.
Blind chess is a type of chess in which a chess player makes his moves without seeing the board and without making any written record. Therefore, he has to keep all the positions of the game exclusively in his memory.
Blind people don't like deaf people.
Blind people read by touching, using a system of raised dots called Braille.
Blind people sometimes develop a compensatory ability to sense how close objects are around them.
Blind people sometimes develop a compensatory ability to sense the proximity of objects around them.
Blinded as I was by the sun low in the sky, I couldn't recognise who it was coming towards me.
Blindfold Tom.
Blindfold him!
Blindfold your partner.
Blindness is responsible for a staggering toll of poor health, suffering, and loss of dignity and diminution in the quality of lives of people worldwide.
Blinds, curtains, and drapes are collectively referred to as window treatments.
Blink once for "yes", twice for "no".
Blink twice if you need help.
Blinken said in a statement Wednesday that the 10 countries "engaged in or tolerated systematic, ongoing, egregious violations of religious freedom."
Blinking heck, the loo's blocked.
Bliss is it on such a day to be alive; but to smell dying fir is very heaven.
Blizzards always make me feel so nostalgic.
Block Ziri's number.
Block it!
Block the doors.
Block time is the entirety of time, including the past, present and future, coexisting in a four-dimensional spacetime block called a "block universe." If one inhabits a block universe, one's view of time as only ever moving forward steadily is merely an illusion, a physical artefact that is mathematical.
Blockchain is a massive drain on computing and energy resources that provides no benefit to society.
Blockhead!
Blocking Claudio on Facebook was a stupid thing to do.
Blog means "web log".
Blogs about domesticity can be really appealing to parents who stay home to raise their children.
Blokes who knit are a rarity.
Blondes aren't dumb.
Blondes do have more fun.
Blondes earn 7% more than women with any other hair color.
Blondie is a pony owned by rapunzel.
Blood and violence fascinate them.
Blood cannot be washed out with blood.
Blood cells are formed by a procedure called hematopoiesis.
Blood cells are made in the bone marrow.
Blood cells are produced in the bone marrow.
Blood circulates in the body.
Blood circulates through blood vessels.
Blood circulates through the body.
Blood circulation is very rapid.
Blood consists of erythrocytes, leukocytes, platelets, and plasma.
Blood contains DNA.
Blood doesn't turn into water.
Blood donors are needed today.
Blood drained from Igor's face.
Blood dripped from Martino’s nose.
Blood flow is very high.
Blood flow through the umbilical cord increases significantly throughout gestation.
Blood flowed from his wound.
Blood flowed from the wound.
Blood flows through blood vessels.
Blood flows through the veins.
Blood from umbilical cords has been used in life-saving transplants for people suffering from diseases such as leukemia.
Blood is a juice of rarest quality.
Blood is a red liquid that flows through arteries and veins.
Blood is a special kind of juice.
Blood is a very unique fluid.
Blood is easier to clean.
Blood is flowing from the wound at the back of her head.
Blood is going to be shed.
Blood is mostly water.
Blood is red, and so is wine. Blood and wine are red.
Blood is red, black reminds us of slavery.
Blood is red.
Blood is the fluid responsible for the circulation of nutrients.
Blood is thicker than water.
Blood is three to four times more viscous than water.
Blood oozed from the lacerated face.
Blood plasma is remarkably similar to sea water.
Blood poured from the cut vein.
Blood pressure is important as a barometer of health.
Blood pressure is the force pushing against your artery walls as the blood moves through the vessels.
Blood ran from his wound.
Blood ran from the wound.
Blood runs in the veins.
Blood rushed to Mary's cheeks.
Blood rushed to Tom's cheeks.
Blood rushed to Tom's face.
Blood rushed to her cheeks.
Blood spatter analysis plays an important role in determining what has happened at a crime scene.
Blood splatter was found on Tom's polyester leisure suit, convicting him of the crime.
Blood stains could be seen on the floor.
Blood stains don't usually disappear.
Blood stains don’t usually disappear.
Blood tests revealed the presence of poison.
Blood trickled from her cut face.
Blood trickled from his cut face.
Blood trickled from his wound.
Blood trickled from the lacerated face.
Blood was dripping from the creature's mouth.
Blood was dropping on the painting.
Blood was everywhere.
Blood was gushing out of Mennad's arms.
Blood was gushing out of Mennad's leg.
Blood was seeping from Ziri's wound.
Blood was trickling down Yanni's cheeks.
Blood will have DNA.
Blood will have blood.
Blood will tell.
Blood wouldn't stop spurting.
Bloody Nora, I've overslept!
Bloody hell fire!
Bloody hell – my car's been nicked!
Bloody hell!
Bloody hell, I'm freezing my arse off here, and you're still lying in bed!
Bloody hell, my in-laws are here.
Bloody hell. That's another day over, and I've still got so much to do!
Bloom is a light pink pony with lavender eyes and a lavender mane and tail that are styled in a similar manner to aurora hair.
Blossom is a panda cub who belongs to mulan.
Blossoming cherry is beautiful.
Blossoms develop from buds.
Blossoms have come out on the embankment.
Blotches of dirt were stuck to Ziri's face.
Blotting paper absorbs ink.
Blow by blow, her punches got more intense.
Blow harder!
Blow in the sails, oh wind! Push the ship. Make it gallop over the waves to the unknown island, to the unnamed bluff.
Blow me down!
Blow out all the candles on the birthday cake at once.
Blow out the candle.
Blow out the candles and make a wish!
Blow out the candles.
Blow the horn so that car will let us pass.
Blow these balloons up for me.
Blow up the balloons.
Blow your nose with this handkerchief.
Blow your nose.
Blowfish is a delicacy in Japan.
Blows were exchanged.
Blue Origin successfully launched its New Shepard reusable space vehicle on Dec. 12 carrying a medical technology that could potentially treat chest trauma in a space environment.
Blue Sky Sport is closed every Thursday.
Blue and red marks crisscrossed the young girl's figure.
Blue flowers bloom better.
Blue has always been my favorite color.
Blue is a great color for a funeral.
Blue is my favorite color.
Blue is my favourite colour.
Blue is the complementary color to orange, so you'll often see them together on movie posters.
Blue isn't my favorite color.
Blue jay feathers are vivid and eye-catching.
Blue jeans are a symbol of America.
Blue jeans are also acceptable.
Blue light prevents humans from feeling sleepy.
Blue lines on the map designate rivers.
Blue looks good on you.
Blue movies are rated X, which means that only people of 18 and over can watch them.
Blue pleases me.
Blue roses are very beautiful.
Blue sky could be seen through the partially collapsed roof.
Blue suits you well.
Blue was a rare, expensive color in ancient times, whether it was derived from lapis lazuli mined in Afghanistan some 6,000 years ago, made by blending copper with other elements throughout the Middle East and in ancient China, or mixing an extract of the indigo plant with clay and resin by Mayans in Mesoamerica.
Blue whales are the largest animals in the world.
Blue whales are the largest animals on earth.
Blue whales are the largest animals that have ever lived on Earth.
Blue whales cannot breathe when submerged.
Blue whales feed on krill.
Blue-tongued skinks are also bred in captivity and sold as house pets.
Blue-white frost crystals were shining on the windowpanes.
Blue1 was founded as Air Botnia in 1988.
Blueberries are my favorite fruit.
Blueberries are now in season.
Blueberries are rich in antioxidants.
Blueberries contain a large number of antioxidants.
Blueberries contain antioxidants.
Blueberries have fibers.
Blueberries taste very good.
Blueberry muffins are cheap at this café.
Blueberry tea is good with buttered toast.
Bluebirds are carnivorous.
Bluefin tuna always tastes best.
Bluefin tuna can live up to 40 years.
Bluefin tuna is always hardest to get.
Bluegrass has a historic beginning from folk music.
Blues music originated in the Deep South.
Blues singer and guitarist Robert Johnson would have been 100 years old on May 8th of 2011 if he hadn't died when he was 27 years old.
Blues singer and guitarist Robert Johnson would have been 100 years old on May 8th of 2011 if he hadn’t died when he was 27 years old.
Blues singer and guitarist Robert Johnson would've been 100 years old on May 8th of 2011 if he hadn't died when he was 27 years old.
Blushing after making a mistake will not fix it.
Blushing is an involuntarily reaction.
Bluth didn't believe in talking down to children.
Bluth's movies conveyed a sense of horror and terror that was rarely seen in children's cartoons.
Blümchen sings in German.
Board games are popular in Germany.
Board members adopted the plan.
Boarding a pirate ship could be dangerous for your life.
Boarding will be at six-forty.
Boardinghouses are less expensive than hotels and, in general, you eat well there.
Boards are used to make floors.
Boards will warp unless kept dry.
Boat building became an important local industry.
Boats are safe in ports, but that's not what they're made for.
Boats can sink.
Boats must be caulked.
Boats were passing under the bridge.
Boats were racing last night.
Boaz answered her, "I have been told all about what you have done for your mother-in-law since the death of your husband, and how you have left your father, your mother, and the land of your birth, and have come to a people that you didn’t know before. May the Lord repay your work, and a full reward be given to you from the Lord, the God of Israel, under whose wings you have come to take refuge."
Boaz said to the elders and to all the people, "You are witnesses today, that I have bought all that was Elimelech's, and all that was Chilion's and Mahlon's, from the hand of Naomi. Moreover, Ruth the Moabite, the wife of Mahlon, I have purchased to be my wife, to raise up the name of the dead on his inheritance, that the name of the dead may not be cut off from among his brothers and from the gate of his place. You are witnesses today."
Boaz therefore took Ruth, and married her: and went in unto her, and the Lord gave her to conceive, and to bear a son.
Boaz took ten men of the elders of the city, and said, "Sit down here," and they sat down.
Bob Johnson tried to make people realize the seriousness of the situation in Africa.
Bob Mandau, in Chesterland, Ohio, said he "welcomes the Olympics as a much-needed break from the negative politics on TV."
Bob Uecker is still alive.
Bob also can drive.
Bob always goes to bed at 10:00.
Bob and Hank are duking it out in the alley behind the bar.
Bob and I are great friends.
Bob and Juliette were a wealthy Vietnamese couple who took over the administration for the meditation classes at my Vancouver Thai temple.
Bob and Mary play the recorder.
Bob and Tom are brothers.
Bob asked the teacher some questions.
Bob ate the snail, then vomited.
Bob became a minister.
Bob became a pastor.
Bob became a preacher.
Bob became an engineer.
Bob bragged about his big boat.
Bob broke Tom's spine.
Bob brooded on the matter.
Bob brought such good news that they jumped up with joy.
Bob came here, didn't he?
Bob came here, didn’t he?
Bob came home pretty late.
Bob came home very late.
Bob can also drive.
Bob can answer all the questions.
Bob can cook.
Bob can drive a car, too.
Bob can no longer unfurl its left wing.
Bob can no more swim than a hammer can.
Bob charged 3 dollars an hour for mowing lawns.
Bob chewed over the subject.
Bob chewed the subject over.
Bob complained to his friend.
Bob cooks breakfast in the morning.
Bob could not control his anger.
Bob could not control his temper.
Bob derives pleasure from observing insects.
Bob did not agree to the plan.
Bob doesn't exist.
Bob doesn't write often to his parents.
Bob doesn't write to his parents often.
Bob drew the winning chit at the raffle.
Bob dropped in at his uncle's house.
Bob dropped in at his uncle’s house.
Bob enjoys insect watching.
Bob entered the house through a window.
Bob expressed words of thanks on behalf of his classmates.
Bob felt embarrassed when he was treated in front of some girls.
Bob filled the pot with water.
Bob filled the teapot with water.
Bob forgot to bring the pass, which made him late for school.
Bob found various kinds of nuts.
Bob gave Tina almost all the stamps he had collected, and kept only a few for himself.
Bob gave Tina almost his entire stamp collection, keeping only a few for himself.
Bob gave up his seat on the bus to an old lady.
Bob got engaged with Mary more than a year ago.
Bob got impatient at his wife's delay.
Bob got impatient at his wife’s delay.
Bob got into his car.
Bob got used to hard work.
Bob had had many dangerous adventures during the war.
Bob has a lot of books in his room.
Bob has answers to all of the questions.
Bob has been engaged to Mary for over a year.
Bob has been feeling very demotivated since the incident on Monday.
Bob has been sick in bed for a week now.
Bob has given Tina almost his entire stamp collection, keeping only a few for himself.
Bob has sex with most people he meets.
Bob has the habit of going to bed at 10:00.
Bob has to get through this ordeal on his own.
Bob has too many books to read.
Bob helped me.
Bob hit me, not her.
Bob hurried home in order to watch the TV program.
Bob is a cool guy.
Bob is a good match for you in skating.
Bob is a nice person.
Bob is accustomed to hard work.
Bob is also able to drive.
Bob is down for the coming tennis competition.
Bob is in the drama club.
Bob is keen to pass the examination.
Bob is kind to those around him.
Bob is much younger than Tom.
Bob is my friend.
Bob is popular at school.
Bob is really a brown noser.
Bob is specially fond of Hungarian beans.
Bob is such a nice person that everybody likes him.
Bob is the only one in the class who knows Spanish.
Bob is the only pupil in our class who speaks Spanish.
Bob is the only student that can speak Spanish in our class.
Bob is very timid and blushes when chatting with girls.
Bob looks down on his brother for not being good at sports.
Bob lost interest in rock music.
Bob made her his wife.
Bob made room for an old woman on the bus.
Bob met her grandfather early in the morning.
Bob missed the last train and had to take a taxi.
Bob mounted the portrait in a fancy frame, but it was upside down.
Bob must have had an accident.
Bob often jogs on that beach.
Bob often tries to give up smoking.
Bob often tries to quit smoking.
Bob operates an elevator in the department store.
Bob plays not only the guitar but also the flute.
Bob pondered the subject.
Bob reached the finish line first.
Bob rushed into the classroom.
Bob said that Moses wrote about him.
Bob said to his friend: "The bird is dead."
Bob said to his friend: "What a looker".
Bob sang loudest at the party.
Bob sang loudly.
Bob saw her again.
Bob saw him again.
Bob seems excited about watching the soccer game.
Bob seldom talks with Maria without making her angry.
Bob seldom writes to his parents.
Bob stared me in the face.
Bob stayed at his uncle's house.
Bob stayed at his uncle’s house.
Bob stored his internet banking details in a plain text file on his desktop.
Bob suggested postponing the party till Wednesday.
Bob suggested that the party be put off till Wednesday.
Bob thinks it is a silly idea to call his mother who is so far away, to spend so much, and to say so little.
Bob thought deeply about that matter.
Bob told Jane not to interfere in his personal affairs.
Bob tried to speak to Anne, but he couldn't.
Bob tried to speak to Anne, but he couldn’t.
Bob usually goes to bed at ten.
Bob wanted to keep the fox at home.
Bob wants to raise a fox at home.
Bob was always in a tight spot with the police.
Bob was beside himself with joy.
Bob was born in the same year as you.
Bob was just about to leave when I telephoned him.
Bob was looking for someone to talk with.
Bob was on the point of leaving when I called him.
Bob was on the point of leaving when I rang him up.
Bob was popular with all his classmates.
Bob was shy when he was a high school student.
Bob was so beside himself that he could scarcely tell fact from fiction.
Bob was somewhat chubbier than his brother.
Bob was very happy.
Bob was washing the dishes at that time.
Bob wasn't in on the plan.
Bob wasn’t in on the plan.
Bob waved to everyone he saw.
Bob waved to whomever he saw.
Bob went about building his castle in Spain when he spoke of inheriting his father's wealth.
Bob went about building his castle in Spain when he spoke of inheriting his father’s wealth.
Bob went out before I knew it.
Bob went through many dangers during the war.
Bob went to meet her grandfather early in the morning.
Bob will be back at 6 o'clock.
Bob will be home at six.
Bob will certainly attend the meeting.
Bob will play the leading role for the first time in the next school festival.
Bob worked as a clerk in the grocery store on Saturday.
Bob writes to me once a month.
Bob's come here, hasn't he?
Bob's father teaches at a girls' school.
Bob's father works in a car factory.
Bob's really a chip off the old block.
Bob's your uncle!
Bob's your uncle.
Bob, help me carry his luggage to the living room.
Bob, help me carry his suitcase to the living room.
Bob, too, was indefatigable in his exertions in my behalf; now ranging the woods with his airgun, in search of a species of pigeon which he had discovered; anon going away in the canoe (in which Ella had escaped, and which he had contrived to retain) to the rocks, and bringing in sundry delicately-flavoured fish; and then off to the woods again for fruit, of which the island afforded any quantity of various kinds.
Boba cafes are supported by people from throughout Asia who live in southern California. Lina Yaore, an Indonesian-American, likes to socialize at boba cafes with her Indonesian friends.
Boba cafes have become a sign of a cultural movement among Americanized Asians who are still connected with their ethnic identity, but proud to be Asian American.
Boba tea is a popular drink across the United States.
Bobby Charlton was one of the finest footballers England has ever produced.
Bobby Fischer is the most famous chess player in the United States.
Bobby Humphreys never thought that a tiny Chihuahua that would help him go through a rough patch in life.
Bobby McFerrin and Yo-yo Ma played some famous duets.
Bobby Womack was a legend of American soul music.
Bobby goes to the opera with his girlfriend.
Bobby is going to the opera with his girlfriend.
Bobby may watch TV until 7:00.
Bobby must go to bed by 7:30.
Bob’s father teaches at a girls’ school.
Bob’s really chip off the old block.
Bocchus betrayed Jugurtha.
Bocchus closed the trap behind Jugurtha and betrayed him to the Romans.
Bocchus conspired to betray Jugurtha.
Bocchus conspired with the Romans to capture Jugurtha and deliver him to them.
Bocelli accompanied only by the cathedral organist, Emanuele Vianelli, playing one of the world’s largest pipe organs.
Bocelli sang well-loved classics such as Bach/Gounod’s Ave Maria and Mascagni’s Sancta Maria.
Boceprevir is only expected to be effective against one variety of hepatitis C, known as genotype 1. It's the most prevalent form of the disease in the Americas, Europe, and East Asia, but represents only a minority of cases in Africa, the Middle East, and South Asia.
Bodhidharma was a Buddhist monk who lived during the 5th or 6th century.
Bodies don't decompose in Lake Superior due to the temperature.
Bodies grow slowly and die quickly.
Bodies imprison souls.
Bodies of water are made up of layers, determined by temperature. The top surface layer is called the epipelagic zone, and is sometimes referred to as the "sunlight zone."
Bodies piled up at a crematorium in the Indian capital, Delhi, on Wednesday, as relatives of coronavirus sufferers scrambled to refill life-saving oxygen cylinders.
Bodily autonomy is a human right.
Bodo is a Tibeto-Burman language, as opposed to Assamese, which is an Indo-European language.
Bodo is one of the official languages of the Bodoland Territorial Region.
Body and spirit are twins: God only knows which is which.
Body equilibrium is one of the cerebellum's functions.
Body fossils are the physical remains of an actual organism (shells, bones, teeth, plant leaves, etc.), while trace fossils (burrows, coprolites, footprints, trackways, etc.) preserve evidence of an organism’s activity or behavior.
Body fossils are the preserved remains of ancient life, such as bones, teeth, wood, and shells.
Body language is a form of non-verbal communication, consisting of posture, gestures and eye movements. Humans unconsciously transmit and interpret these signals.
Body language is a language you won't find translated in Tatoeba.
Body language is a language you won’t find translated in Tatoeba.
Body sushi is where food, like sashimi, is laid out on a naked woman.
Body temperature is highest in the afternoon.
Body temperature rising, pulse rising ... he's in a state of oxygen deficiency.
Body temperature rising, pulse rising ... he’s in a state of oxygen deficiency.
Bodybuilders are Tom's type.
Bodybuilders that are so muscular look disturbing.
Bodybuilding is his hobby so he has a very firm tight body with lots of muscle definition.
Boeing builds a fine aircraft.
Boeing developed a flying boat for the Maritime Self-Defense Force.
Boeing has calculated the chances of a series of crew errors leading to CFIT.
Boeing's safety experts have joined others in the industry to form an international task force to try to eliminate one particular kind of air crash known as controlled flight into terrain, CFIT.
Boeing, which builds more than half the world's commercial airliners, is understandably keen to draw attention to what can go wrong besides planes.
Boeing, which builds more than half the world’s commercial airliners, is understandably keen to draw attention to what can go wrong besides planes.
Boeing’s safety experts have joined others in the industry to form an international task force to try to eliminate one particular kind of air crash known as controlled flight into terrain, CFIT.
Boeree began work on LFN in 1965, with the goal of creating a simple language. He was inspired by reading about Lingua Franca, a pidgin used around the Mediterranean sea in centuries past.
Boers own 70% of the land in South Africa.
Bogdan Tanevich is retiring due to colon cancer.
Bogdan Tanevich resigned because of colon cancer.
Bogdan TanjeviÄ‡ will resign because of colon cancer.
Bogdan Tanjević will resign because of colon cancer.
Bogdan said he would be there tomorrow.
Bogdana is the mother of Felicja.
Boggie has such a sweet voice.
Boggie is a Hungarian singer.
Boggie loves Algeria.
Boggle is a game that uses dice with letters instead of numbers.
Bogotá is the capital of Colombia.
Bogus.
Bogyphobia is the irrational fear of the bogeyman.
Boil a pot of water.
Boil an egg.
Boil chestnuts for at least 15 minutes.
Boil down the report to one page.
Boil for ten minutes, stirring all the time.
Boil my eggs hard, please.
Boil one egg.
Boil some water.
Boil some water. We're going to make some tea.
Boil the eggs hard.
Boil the milk bottles.
Boil the milk.
Boil the news down to a hundred words.
Boil the peas and then drain them in a colander.
Boil the potatoes until they are tender.
Boil the soup down until it becomes thick.
Boil the syrup down to a jelly and pour it over the apples.
Boil the syrup until it jells.
Boil the water and pour it on the tea.
Boil the water before you drink it.
Boil the water.
Boil this root and drink the water.
Boil those potatoes.
Boil two cups of water.
Boil water at least one minute before drinking it. At high altitudes, you should boil it longer.
Boiled potatoes are much easier to digest than terracotta potatoes.
Boiler suits are vital in the machinery and equipment industry as they protect employees from accident risks and adverse effects on health.
Boiling lobsters is illegal in the town of Reggio Emilia, Italy.
Boiling the water doesn't change its chemical composition.
Boiling water becomes steam.
Boiling water evaporates and turns into a gas.
Boiling water for one minute will kill most types of disease-causing organisms, such as cholera, typhoid, salmonella, giardia, E. coli, and amoebas.
Bok choy is a vegetable used in Chinese cooking.
Bokmål has two genders, and Nynorsk has three genders.
Bolas are made up of a long cord with two stone balls at the free ends.
Bold as brass.
Boldi accomplished the mission.
Boldi added garlic to Martha's soup.
Boldi added the garlic to Martha's food.
Boldi admired Martha for her bravery.
Boldi admitted that Martha was adopted.
Boldi admitted that he had sent the video to a friend.
Boldi adores the taste of blood and cannot live without it.
Boldi agreed to go to the zoo.
Boldi almost caught Martha red-handed.
Boldi also saw the show.
Boldi always got into trouble because of his pranks.
Boldi always went somewhere.
Boldi and Martha agreed to keep silent about the incident.
Boldi and Martha agreed to meet at his house at night.
Boldi and Martha agreed to meet up afterwards.
Boldi and Martha are considered to be a very good couple.
Boldi and Martha arranged a meeting in the park.
Boldi and Martha became good friends.
Boldi and Martha began to race just like they used to.
Boldi and Martha began to whisper.
Boldi and Martha can hardly fit inside that car together.
Boldi and Martha could spend hours discussing the adventures of their favorite superheroes.
Boldi and Martha felt like the most terrible people on earth.
Boldi and Martha gave each other high fives.
Boldi and Martha had a big fight that night.
Boldi and Martha have been dating for a whole year.
Boldi and Martha have been dating for a year.
Boldi and Martha have been together for five months.
Boldi and Martha have similar problems.
Boldi and Martha have the same number of followers.
Boldi and Martha kept in touch.
Boldi and Martha played and swam in the pool.
Boldi and Martha played together in the sandbox.
Boldi and Martha played together.
Boldi and Martha remembered the story from time to time and would laugh at it.
Boldi and Martha said goodbye and she ran away.
Boldi and Martha sat down on a bench in the park.
Boldi and Martha sat in the tent and talked.
Boldi and Martha saw each other less often.
Boldi and Martha spent a lot of time together.
Boldi and Martha switched from politics to discussing Rima.
Boldi and Martha told each other how they had spent the summer.
Boldi and Martha took a Berber class together for five months.
Boldi and Martha wanted to see the surveillance footage.
Boldi and Martha watched TV together.
Boldi and Martha watched the surveillance footage together.
Boldi and Martha went to a cafe to celebrate the event.
Boldi and Martha went to school together every morning.
Boldi and Martha were discussing various topics.
Boldi and Martha were hanging out on the couch.
Boldi and Martha were showing each other Instagram photos.
Boldi apologized to Martha and said it was his fault.
Boldi apologized to Martha for a long time.
Boldi appeared in Martha's class.
Boldi approached the hole.
Boldi arrived half an hour later.
Boldi asked Martha if she ate any raw fish during her stay in Japan.
Boldi asked Martha to feed the pets.
Boldi asked Martha to go easy on Rima.
Boldi asked Martha to help him paint the fence in the backyard.
Boldi asked for a new wheelchair.
Boldi asked his friends for help.
Boldi asked what was wrong.
Boldi ate rare meat.
Boldi ate raw meat with blood.
Boldi ate raw meat.
Boldi ate some bad food.
Boldi attended a meeting club.
Boldi backed away.
Boldi became a Paralympian.
Boldi became a really horrible arachnophobe.
Boldi became an outcast and a laughing stock for everyone.
Boldi became convinced that his luck had no limits.
Boldi became obscenely rich.
Boldi became obsessed with the idea of an alien invasion.
Boldi became the chef of an awesome restaurant.
Boldi became the most important person in the family.
Boldi became very cheerful and full of energy.
Boldi began to arouse suspicion.
Boldi began to believe in that.
Boldi began to eat exclusively animal food.
Boldi began to examine everything in the office carefully.
Boldi began to feel dizzy and had a headache.
Boldi began to lick his bloody mouth.
Boldi began to panic about every little thing.
Boldi began to post his drawings on Instagram.
Boldi began to read books.
Boldi began to read the text of the will.
Boldi began to realize the horror of what was happening.
Boldi began to scream at Mom.
Boldi began to set all the animals free.
Boldi began to shmooze with Martha.
Boldi began to suck on the bag.
Boldi begged Martha to tell him the truth.
Boldi begged his parents to buy a pet for him.
Boldi behaved like a dog.
Boldi believed in his incredible luck.
Boldi believed in monsters.
Boldi believed that albino people were cursed.
Boldi bit his tongue really hard.
Boldi bought Martha new clothes almost every month.
Boldi bought himself all sorts of goodies.
Boldi bought tattoo equipment.
Boldi broke Mom's teapot.
Boldi broke his arm.
Boldi broke the ladder.
Boldi brought Martha some sand from the beach.
Boldi brought a flask of holy water.
Boldi brought a small firestarter.
Boldi brushed his teeth with Martha's toothbrush.
Boldi built a nature reserve in Algeria.
Boldi called Martha by videophone.
Boldi called a doctor.
Boldi called all of his friends.
Boldi called the lion cub "Amellal," a Berber word meaning "white."
Boldi came back from another trip.
Boldi came home with a prepared speech.
Boldi came in right after Martha.
Boldi came into Martha's room and noticed she wasn't there.
Boldi came into the room and asked Martha what she was doing in there.
Boldi came into the room and told Martha everything.
Boldi came into view of the flashlight.
Boldi came out of the ocean.
Boldi came out of the principal's office red with anger.
Boldi came over, dressed in his school uniform.
Boldi came to Algeria in 2004.
Boldi came to school really nervous.
Boldi came to school the next day.
Boldi came to see Martha at lunch.
Boldi came to the plastic surgery clinic.
Boldi camped in a peaceful and beautiful forest.
Boldi camped in the snow.
Boldi can deal with his nerves perfectly well.
Boldi can do anything he wants.
Boldi can't keep this bear cub in the house.
Boldi can't stand the sight of blood.
Boldi can't stand this anymore.
Boldi cannot be stopped.
Boldi carefully picked up the wallet and made his way to the exit.
Boldi carried the groceries into the kitchen.
Boldi climbed out of the back of the van.
Boldi closed himself off from people.
Boldi closed his eyes and breathed deeply.
Boldi clutched the stick like his life depended on it.
Boldi collapsed to the floor.
Boldi collected old comics.
Boldi completely lost it.
Boldi constantly thought about that.
Boldi continued to avoid the sun.
Boldi continued to suffer from the stomachache.
Boldi cooked a rare steak.
Boldi could be a vampire.
Boldi couldn't bare that any longer.
Boldi couldn't believe his ears.
Boldi couldn't change anything.
Boldi couldn't even pack his belongings.
Boldi couldn't have made it out of that hole without help.
Boldi couldn't hope to win.
Boldi couldn't miss another chance and rushed to catch up with Martha.
Boldi couldn't resist trying the dog feed.
Boldi couldn't resist.
Boldi couldn't sleep that night.
Boldi couldn't stand Martha's complaints and left.
Boldi couldn't undergo reconstructive surgery until her grew up.
Boldi covered his head with a hood.
Boldi created a new tattooing style.
Boldi cried with joy.
Boldi decided not to jump to conclusions.
Boldi decided to accept it and just move on.
Boldi decided to amuse his classmates.
Boldi decided to check the formulas one last time.
Boldi decided to enter the contest.
Boldi decided to get another one of those tattoo.
Boldi decided to give Martha a small present.
Boldi decided to give away his PlayStation 5.
Boldi decided to have a little snack on the way to school.
Boldi decided to just watch the fight from the sidelines.
Boldi decided to make a report about Martha.
Boldi decided to pursue his passion.
Boldi decided to run a red light and didn't notice a police car that was coming right at him.
Boldi decided to run away from home.
Boldi decided to speak with the head physician.
Boldi decided to stop smoking and managed to hold out for a week.
Boldi decided to take Martha back home.
Boldi decided to take part in the contest.
Boldi decided to talk to his mom again.
Boldi declared war on his sister.
Boldi described the whole variety of feelings and sensations that he had experienced.
Boldi did not pay attention to what Martha said.
Boldi did some research on the local Berber dialect.
Boldi didn't allow Martha to get a tattoo.
Boldi didn't even have time to react.
Boldi didn't even listen to me and believed Martha.
Boldi didn't even notice that Martha was crying.
Boldi didn't even wear a helmet.
Boldi didn't have to wait long for the answer.
Boldi didn't know how long he would be on the run.
Boldi didn't know how to react to that.
Boldi didn't know what awaited him yet.
Boldi didn't know what was the cause of it.
Boldi didn't lie to me when he said that he lived in a forest.
Boldi didn't like that answer.
Boldi didn't notice how he got lost.
Boldi didn't notice when his parents came home.
Boldi didn't observe sanitation rules.
Boldi didn't pay any mind to the people bullying him.
Boldi didn't share Martha's fondness of shiny expensive things.
Boldi didn't show up at school.
Boldi didn't support his sister.
Boldi didn't tell the whole legend.
Boldi didn't want to believe it.
Boldi didn't want to hang out with those thugs anymore.
Boldi didn't want to make Martha feel bad.
Boldi didn't worry at all.
Boldi doesn't appear in the sun.
Boldi doesn't have many friends.
Boldi doesn't know what snow is.
Boldi doesn't like the sun.
Boldi doesn't want to live with Martha anymore.
Boldi donated his organs to people with cancer.
Boldi drank blood.
Boldi drank his own blood.
Boldi drank pomegranate juice.
Boldi dreamt to go to the coolest college in the country.
Boldi dressed up as a girl.
Boldi dropped the saucepan on the floor.
Boldi drove to the pharmaceutical company.
Boldi earned the nickname "Agellid," which is Berber for "king."
Boldi ended up bed-ridden.
Boldi engaged in sports.
Boldi enjoyed his solitude with the comics.
Boldi enjoyed playing with the sand.
Boldi enjoyed raw meat and liver.
Boldi enjoyed the walk in the woods.
Boldi entered Martha's room with the results of the test.
Boldi even closed his eyes.
Boldi even dared to disagree with the English teacher.
Boldi even envied Martha.
Boldi even felt sorry for Martha.
Boldi even praised Martha for her initiative.
Boldi even took a few steps back.
Boldi expected everyone to go to their rooms.
Boldi expressed everything he thought about Martha.
Boldi faced the same problem.
Boldi fainted right in the street.
Boldi fell and hit his head on the asphalt.
Boldi fell asleep almost immediately.
Boldi fell into a coma and didn't wake up again.
Boldi fell into depression.
Boldi fell to the floor.
Boldi felt a little dizzy.
Boldi felt like a rabbit who was about to get caught in the clutches of a rabbit named Martha.
Boldi felt like a vegetable.
Boldi felt like he had some kind of super power.
Boldi felt like his internal organs were being pulled out of him.
Boldi felt like perfection was being imposed on him in everything.
Boldi felt really ashamed in front of his classmates.
Boldi felt something heavy hitting him on the head.
Boldi felt what it was like to be neglected.
Boldi finally managed to snatch the toy out of Martha's hands.
Boldi finally took the bandages off his eyes and saw the light for the first time in many years.
Boldi first met Martha in the park.
Boldi flipped through the paperwork.
Boldi followed his mom.
Boldi forbade Martha from working part-time.
Boldi forgot to lock the door.
Boldi fought for the attention of his parents.
Boldi found Martha in the administration building where she was arguing very loudly with the director.
Boldi found dog feces on the porch.
Boldi found himself in a hopless situation.
Boldi found himself in some dark part of the cities.
Boldi found out about Martha's huge betrayal.
Boldi found the folder.
Boldi gained additional votes in the election.
Boldi gained recognition in his new class.
Boldi gasped in admiration.
Boldi gave Martha her piece of meat.
Boldi gave Walid his console back.
Boldi gave a talking in the auditorium.
Boldi gave all his attention to his youngest daughter.
Boldi gave his classmates a mocking look and moved away from them.
Boldi get along well with dogs.
Boldi gets water from snow.
Boldi got a terrible headache.
Boldi got extra points to his reputation.
Boldi got gastritis at a very young age.
Boldi got in trouble, too.
Boldi got on his bike and went somewhere.
Boldi got only bad grades.
Boldi got pizza and tacos.
Boldi got some snow from a clean area, melted it and drank it.
Boldi got stuck in his own clothes.
Boldi got the best of everything.
Boldi got the highest score.
Boldi got the tent up.
Boldi got the transplant the very next week.
Boldi got up and walked around the pond.
Boldi grew interested in that.
Boldi grew up as an ordinary child.
Boldi groped for the light switch.
Boldi had a chance to fully recover.
Boldi had a charming smile.
Boldi had a daughter my age named Tafsut, a Berber word which means "spring."
Boldi had a lot to mull over.
Boldi had a serious conversation with his father.
Boldi had a serious conversation with the psychologist.
Boldi had a special employee to take care of the German Shepherds.
Boldi had a tent we could borrow.
Boldi had a unique opportunity to work with animals.
Boldi had an unusual overfatigue.
Boldi had breathing difficulties.
Boldi had his bike stolen.
Boldi had no doubts about his success.
Boldi had no idea if he would see again.
Boldi had no idea what he would do if he ran into Martha.
Boldi had no idea where he was.
Boldi had nothing to do with those thugs.
Boldi had really long fangs.
Boldi had strange visions.
Boldi had to cook and taste all of his dishes.
Boldi had to finish school first.
Boldi had to keep a strict diet and avoid spicy food.
Boldi had to lie in bed almost all the time.
Boldi had to own up everything.
Boldi had to relearn how to do simple things.
Boldi had to wait for a couple of months for a donor to come along.
Boldi handed Martha the folder.
Boldi hardly talked with his father.
Boldi has a psychological trauma.
Boldi has a story to tell you that you might want to hear.
Boldi has a strange taste preference.
Boldi has already become one of the best chefs all over Algeria.
Boldi has always been able to get along with other people quite well.
Boldi has always been like this.
Boldi has been fond of cooking since childhood.
Boldi has been studying at this prestigious college for a year.
Boldi has been wearing the same jeans for five years.
Boldi has done a lot for his country, Algeria.
Boldi has just arrived in the city.
Boldi has moved to a new school.
Boldi has never heard of energy vampires.
Boldi has never seen snow in his life.
Boldi has pets at home.
Boldi has to keep his distance from Martha.
Boldi has to kiss Martha.
Boldi has to move from one place to another quite often.
Boldi has to travel around the world to help animals.
Boldi has weak nerves.
Boldi hasn't always been blind.
Boldi hasn't always been drinking blood.
Boldi hasn't cleaned the pool in a while.
Boldi hasn't read comics for such a long time.
Boldi hated the sun.
Boldi hates garlic.
Boldi hates his face.
Boldi heard a car honking at him.
Boldi heard a familiar barking.
Boldi heard birds chirping.
Boldi heard that story.
Boldi heard the door of his sister's room open again.
Boldi heard the squeal of brakes.
Boldi heard the word "lion" among the children's cries.
Boldi held the flashlight while Martha searched for the folder.
Boldi helped Martha do her homework.
Boldi helped Martha make her bed.
Boldi helped Martha move towards her goal.
Boldi helped his parents with household chores.
Boldi hid in a back room.
Boldi hid in a crammed closet.
Boldi hid the candy from us in the cupboard.
Boldi hired a nanny named Martha.
Boldi hit his face hard against the ground.
Boldi hit his head on the asphalt so hard that he cracked his skull.
Boldi hugged Martha tightly and happily.
Boldi hung a stupid poster in the hallway where Martha was depicted as a vampire.
Boldi hurried to the toy store.
Boldi immediately agreed to such an offer.
Boldi immediately started berating Martha.
Boldi immediately started worrying.
Boldi immediately turned into the most popular tattoo artist in town.
Boldi inherited all his parents' money.
Boldi introduced me to his parents who were very nice people.
Boldi invited Martha to lunch and she agreed.
Boldi invited Martha to participate in the repair works.
Boldi invited Martha to visit him.
Boldi invited us here to read our uncle's will.
Boldi is a real energy vampire.
Boldi is a registered nurse by profession.
Boldi is an exchange student from Algeria.
Boldi is an opponent of capital punishment.
Boldi is facing prison time potentially.
Boldi is leaving for a world tour.
Boldi is making a mistake.
Boldi is moving to a new office.
Boldi is moving with Dad's.
Boldi is no longer a teacher.
Boldi is rich like a prince.
Boldi is technically a leftist.
Boldi is the embodiment of abnormality.
Boldi is the only one we have left.
Boldi is totally satisfied with everything.
Boldi isn't angry with Martha.
Boldi jumped back and fell on his back.
Boldi jumped in his Ferrari and drove off.
Boldi jumped up in fear when the leopard roared.
Boldi just needed some time to adapt.
Boldi kept himself under control out of politeness.
Boldi kept his passion a secret.
Boldi kept messing with Martha.
Boldi kept the secret of Martha's origin until she was 18.
Boldi kept the sketch for himself.
Boldi kept the tent in his garage.
Boldi kept tripping over his own feet.
Boldi kissed Martha on the cheek.
Boldi knew everything about animals from his parents' stories.
Boldi knew what killed Martha.
Boldi knows all the camping trails around here.
Boldi lacked the food that he used to eat.
Boldi lacked the food that he used to eating.
Boldi laughed at Martha's tattoo.
Boldi laughed at the situation.
Boldi lay in a coffin.
Boldi learnt to appreciate what he had.
Boldi learnt to love himself.
Boldi left his bank card in the restaurant.
Boldi left the German Shepherd in the pool house.
Boldi left the bouquet outside Martha's house.
Boldi left the cabin stinking.
Boldi left the club.
Boldi left the flashlight where he had found it.
Boldi left the school with his backpack.
Boldi left the store.
Boldi left the tent and sat outside.
Boldi let his daughter get away with absolutely anything.
Boldi licked Martha on the cheek, but she didn't like it very much.
Boldi liked Martha's tattoo.
Boldi liked the wind blowing through his hair.
Boldi likes to please people.
Boldi likes to travel from one city to another.
Boldi listened carefully to Martha's explanation.
Boldi listened to Martha's adventure stories open-mouthed.
Boldi listened to Martha's story.
Boldi listened to each scolding in silence.
Boldi lit the fuse.
Boldi lived in a medieval castle.
Boldi lived with dogs.
Boldi lived with his tender mother.
Boldi lives in Algiers in his own house.
Boldi looked around and realized that was the perfect chance to steal that wallet.
Boldi looked at Dad with fear in his eyes.
Boldi looked at Martha in complete shock.
Boldi looked at Martha with anger.
Boldi looked at Martha with sympathy.
Boldi looked at me in surprise.
Boldi looked embarrassed.
Boldi looked in Martha's direction in bewilderment.
Boldi looked in every room.
Boldi looked scared.
Boldi looked spooked.
Boldi looked under the stairs.
Boldi lost his consciousness because of the smell of paint.
Boldi lost the war to Martha.
Boldi loved Martha more than me and it hurt a lot.
Boldi loved sticking his head out of his dad's car window and enjoy the wind.
Boldi loved the smell of gasoline.
Boldi made Martha get plastic surgery.
Boldi made Martha take out the trash.
Boldi made a scene at the clinic.
Boldi made his bed.
Boldi made his dog dance.
Boldi made peace with his friends.
Boldi made toast for breakfast.
Boldi managed to bring that fish from Algeria.
Boldi managed to put back the book in its place on time.
Boldi managed to swerve around Martha at the last moment.
Boldi may have a ladder.
Boldi melted some snow and drank it.
Boldi memorized formulas and solved math problems.
Boldi met a werewolf one on one.
Boldi might be back in minutes.
Boldi missed Martha and wanted to spend time with her.
Boldi moved closer to Martha and kissed her.
Boldi moved on to his next diabolical plan.
Boldi moved to another town.
Boldi moved us into another apartment.
Boldi nearly fainted from a stomachache.
Boldi needed to observe a strict regimen.
Boldi needed to work on his style.
Boldi needs to drive in the snow.
Boldi never expected such a betrayal from Martha.
Boldi never leaves the house during the day.
Boldi never stood a chance.
Boldi never thought he was adopted.
Boldi noticed Walid peeking at Martha in the locker room.
Boldi noticed the bruises on Martha's legs.
Boldi often buys his dogs different feeds.
Boldi only thought about himself.
Boldi opened another pack of dog feed.
Boldi opened both of his eyes.
Boldi opened the folder.
Boldi owned a restaurant chain operating all over the country.
Boldi painted the ladder blue.
Boldi painted the neighbor's cat blue.
Boldi performed that trick.
Boldi played with his puppy without a care in the world.
Boldi pointed at the apron with his finger.
Boldi posted a lot of interesting articles on the forum.
Boldi prepared breakfasts, lunch, and even dinners for the kids.
Boldi presented the menu to us.
Boldi promised Martha that he would dump Rima.
Boldi promised to keep Martha's secret.
Boldi pulled over to the side of the road.
Boldi put a bandage on the tattoo.
Boldi put off his visit to the doctor.
Boldi put the book into the backpack.
Boldi put the knife back into his pocket.
Boldi put the leftovers into a bowl.
Boldi quickly disappeared.
Boldi ran around the campus in his swim trunks.
Boldi ran as fast as he could to the exit.
Boldi ran five kilometers.
Boldi ran further into the forest.
Boldi ran off to his room.
Boldi ran one of the best restaurants in Algiers.
Boldi ran out of luck.
Boldi read about vampires.
Boldi read articles on the topic.
Boldi read everything he could find online about vampires.
Boldi read the folder.
Boldi realized that he could not speak.
Boldi realized that he couldn't change the past.
Boldi realized that he was terribly tired.
Boldi realized that nothing serious happened to him.
Boldi realized that the predictions of the fortune teller were true.
Boldi realized what Martha meant.
Boldi really loves pets.
Boldi recalled everything.
Boldi received a ton of attention.
Boldi refused breakfast.
Boldi remained calmed and reserved.
Boldi remembered his childhood.
Boldi remembered his past life.
Boldi remembered that it was just a game.
Boldi reminded Martha of her days in college.
Boldi returned home in the evening.
Boldi returned to the tattoo parlor.
Boldi rushed to his parents and began to scream.
Boldi said he no longer wanted to perform any dares.
Boldi said he was raised by animals.
Boldi said that Martha was crazy.
Boldi said that he hated garlic.
Boldi said that his daughter was a disgrace to him.
Boldi sat down on the bed of his room.
Boldi sat down on the snow.
Boldi sat down to pet the puppy.
Boldi sat inside the tent.
Boldi sat next to Martha, holding her hand.
Boldi sat on the ground and looked into the distance.
Boldi sat quietly beside the doctor.
Boldi saved many animals.
Boldi saw Martha all dressed, carrying her backpack.
Boldi saw Martha blush and look down.
Boldi saw Martha riding her bike somewhere.
Boldi saw Martha smile meanly.
Boldi saw Martha standing outside the store.
Boldi saw Martha with her mouth covered in blood.
Boldi saw Martha's bloody mouth.
Boldi saw a little lion cub eating from his dog's bowl.
Boldi scolded Martha for making a prank call.
Boldi scolded Martha much more than Rima.
Boldi scooped up some snow.
Boldi scooped up the snow with his hand and put it in the pot.
Boldi screamed in surprised.
Boldi secretly went to the cafeteria and stole a huge piece of meat from the fridge.
Boldi set up his tent further down into the forest.
Boldi shared his suspicions with Martha.
Boldi shined the flashlight in the direction of the footsteps.
Boldi shivered and his skin was covered with goosebumps.
Boldi shocked his mother.
Boldi shone the flashlight around.
Boldi shoots videos and has thousands of followers.
Boldi should be responsible for what he does.
Boldi should check with the doctor.
Boldi shouted after Martha: "Hey, stripper!"
Boldi showed Martha his drawing.
Boldi showed Martha his veterinarian certificate.
Boldi showed Martha how to do some magic tricks.
Boldi showed Martha the folder.
Boldi showed everyone how his videos were actually made.
Boldi showed us a world we had never seen before.
Boldi simply turned off his phone.
Boldi sincerely believed that that drink made him strong and immortal.
Boldi slammed the door loudly.
Boldi slept in a coffin.
Boldi slept so peacefully.
Boldi smells of dog food.
Boldi smiled and laid down on the couch.
Boldi snuck into his neighbor's backyard and painted some graffiti in his house.
Boldi snuck into the building.
Boldi snuck into the clinic at night and located his file.
Boldi snuck past the guard into the street.
Boldi sold his bike.
Boldi solved all of the math problems.
Boldi solves problems quite peacefully.
Boldi spent all his free time with his grandmother.
Boldi spent all his money on his beloved German Shepherd.
Boldi spent an hour to get the tent to stand up.
Boldi spent five years in isolation.
Boldi spent more and more time in the lodge under the stairs.
Boldi spent so much time with Martha.
Boldi started dancing.
Boldi started filming Martha.
Boldi started going to a new school.
Boldi started making his way back to the camp.
Boldi started running around the house and making phone calls.
Boldi started seeing some creepy things that gave him the shivers.
Boldi started setting up the tent.
Boldi started to call Martha "Talwit," a Berber word which means "peace."
Boldi started to go camping or visit friends.
Boldi started to pick the dog up, but it was too heavy.
Boldi started to rejoice too early.
Boldi started to scare me a little.
Boldi started to undress.
Boldi started to value Martha.
Boldi started yelling at Martha, calling her all sorts of names.
Boldi stayed in the school library.
Boldi stayed in the tent, listening.
Boldi stayed inside the tent.
Boldi stayed with his parents.
Boldi still can't see anything.
Boldi still feels guilty.
Boldi still has the energy for this.
Boldi still isn't convinced.
Boldi still observed some precautions.
Boldi stood by the lantern.
Boldi stood in the closet for five hours.
Boldi stopped and caught his breath.
Boldi stopped at a diner and parked his bike.
Boldi stopped eating, which worried me to no end.
Boldi stopped going outside to avoid embarrassment.
Boldi stopped in front of the box.
Boldi stroked the leopard cub.
Boldi studies in the same class as Martha.
Boldi suddenly started seeing strange figures.
Boldi sued Martha because of the incident.
Boldi suppressed a chuckle.
Boldi sure knows a lot about vampires.
Boldi switched on the flashlight on his phone.
Boldi talked for a long time about how he invented his style.
Boldi talked to his parents.
Boldi talked to his pets.
Boldi talked to the school counselor before he left.
Boldi taught his puppy to do that.
Boldi teased Martha in every possible way.
Boldi tested new recipes.
Boldi texted Martha and sent her a video.
Boldi thought for a long time about ways to achieve that.
Boldi thought for a long time.
Boldi thought that hell would never end for him.
Boldi thought the light was a campfire.
Boldi threw a party on our campus.
Boldi threw the firecrackers into Martha's yard.
Boldi told Martha about his pets.
Boldi told Martha about his sister.
Boldi told Martha about his suspicions.
Boldi told Martha that they should break up.
Boldi told Martha to get that nonsense out of her head.
Boldi told Martha to go inside.
Boldi told Martha to go to her room.
Boldi told the waiters not to add garlic to his dishes.
Boldi took Martha to the gym.
Boldi took Martha to the police station.
Boldi took a little box out of his pocket and handed it to Martha.
Boldi took a look at everything in the room.
Boldi took advantage of that little moment of fame and talked about the conflict in Western Sahara.
Boldi took candies out of his bag and gave them to the kids.
Boldi took his grandmother to his place.
Boldi took his son for a haircut.
Boldi took out his phone.
Boldi took out the trash.
Boldi took the folder with him.
Boldi took the puppy in.
Boldi took the ring off his finger and threw it at Martha.
Boldi tossed and turned in bed for a long time.
Boldi totally forgot how to walk.
Boldi touched Martha's shoulder and said: "I think there is someone over there."
Boldi traded his PlayStation 5 for the phone.
Boldi transferred back to our high school very quickly.
Boldi transformed into a monster.
Boldi traveled to Tanzania to watch wild animals.
Boldi trembled a little bit.
Boldi tried the dog feed and he liked it.
Boldi tried to breathe deeply.
Boldi tried to cheer Martha up in every possible way.
Boldi tried to cheer Martha up.
Boldi tried to endure the pain.
Boldi tried to escape in his hospital gown.
Boldi tried to figure out where Martha was.
Boldi tried to hug Martha, but she pushed him away.
Boldi tried to imagine the former owner of that haunted house.
Boldi tried to relax during the break.
Boldi tried to release the leopard into the wild, but he realized that he was still sick.
Boldi tried to shield himself with his arms.
Boldi tried to sing his favorite song.
Boldi tried to snatch the toy out of Martha's hands.
Boldi tried to start a fire.
Boldi tried to stop the bleeding.
Boldi trusted Martha with a secret.
Boldi turned into a leopard.
Boldi turned on the music on his smartphone.
Boldi turned on the tattoo machine.
Boldi turned out to be a billionaire.
Boldi turned out to be an ordinary guy.
Boldi turned red, began to gasp and begged for help.
Boldi turned to Martha and asked her: "Is that true?"
Boldi underwent surgery.
Boldi undid the tent as fast as possible.
Boldi used silverware.
Boldi used to eat with his dog from his bowl.
Boldi used to work as a dog handler.
Boldi visited Algeria in late spring.
Boldi visited the camp in 2004.
Boldi waited for the light to come back on.
Boldi waited for the results.
Boldi walked between the trees.
Boldi walked into a strange club.
Boldi walked towards Martha and opened his arms.
Boldi walked up to Martha confidently.
Boldi wandered around the city.
Boldi wanted Martha to change her opinion.
Boldi wanted his skateboard back.
Boldi wanted the skateboard.
Boldi wanted to carry out his own investigation to confirm his suspicions.
Boldi wanted to date Martha.
Boldi wanted to emphasize his individuality.
Boldi wanted to get some rest.
Boldi wanted to have perfect features.
Boldi wanted to have some fun.
Boldi wanted to improve his look.
Boldi wanted to know the details of his early childhood.
Boldi wanted to learn more about Martha's family.
Boldi wanted to leave the place.
Boldi wanted to make a contribution to science.
Boldi wanted to meet the former residents.
Boldi wanted to participate in the math competition.
Boldi wanted to settle a score with Martha.
Boldi wanted to share his story with Martha.
Boldi wanted to stand up for Martha.
Boldi wanted to stick an aspen stick in Martha's heart.
Boldi wanted to take revenge on Martha.
Boldi wanted to talk to Martha, but he couldn't find the right words.
Boldi wanted to touch the puppet.
Boldi wants to tell us a story about his Algerian grandmother.
Boldi was a terrible arachnophobe.
Boldi was a vampire.
Boldi was able to transform into a bat.
Boldi was absolutely terrified.
Boldi was afraid to become a prisoner of the psychiatric ward again.
Boldi was allowed to go home to recover from stress.
Boldi was almost immediately diagnosed with appendicitis.
Boldi was already at the exit.
Boldi was already doomed.
Boldi was already prepared for any outcome.
Boldi was already waiting for Martha in the living room.
Boldi was already waiting for Martha there.
Boldi was also babysitting Martha when she was a kid.
Boldi was also older than Martha.
Boldi was always there to save Martha.
Boldi was amazed at Martha's abilities.
Boldi was as red as a tomato.
Boldi was ashamed of his voice.
Boldi was away a lot.
Boldi was back on the couch.
Boldi was being treated in a psychiatric hospital.
Boldi was being tried for unintentional manslaughter.
Boldi was bored and decided to explore the airport.
Boldi was born ahead of time.
Boldi was born into a wealthy family.
Boldi was brave and stood his ground.
Boldi was breathing hard and fast.
Boldi was brushing his cat's fur.
Boldi was calmly snoring in his bed.
Boldi was charged with improper child care.
Boldi was clearly at a loss.
Boldi was close to animals.
Boldi was constantly looking around like a criminal.
Boldi was convinced that Martha had some kind of illness.
Boldi was crying hugging his duffel bag like a teddy bear.
Boldi was desperately terrified of spiders.
Boldi was determined to achieve his goal.
Boldi was driving the blue car.
Boldi was dying to know where his mother was.
Boldi was eating our bread and talking to himself.
Boldi was envied at school.
Boldi was forced to sit at home.
Boldi was frying steaks.
Boldi was gathering his things from his locker.
Boldi was getting better very fast.
Boldi was getting ready to go home.
Boldi was given a black cat and he named her "Taberkant," a Berber word meaning "black."
Boldi was given a harsh punishment.
Boldi was given a lot of gifts.
Boldi was given antibiotics.
Boldi was glad that his sister was not a vampire.
Boldi was growing up in the hospital.
Boldi was having lunch.
Boldi was hiding something from Martha.
Boldi was holding a puppet.
Boldi was holding a stake in one hand and a flask of holy water in the other.
Boldi was holding himself back from bursting into tears.
Boldi was immediately taken to the hospital.
Boldi was in a hurry and forgot his phone.
Boldi was injured and frightened.
Boldi was into Martha.
Boldi was investigating a conspiracy theory.
Boldi was itching all over.
Boldi was laughing so hard that he had tears running down his face.
Boldi was left alone.
Boldi was looking around cautiously the whole time.
Boldi was lying on a bed, reading a book.
Boldi was making a big mistake.
Boldi was more tired at home than at work.
Boldi was no longer able to take care of himself.
Boldi was not afraid of Martha at all.
Boldi was not allowed to leave the clinic.
Boldi was nothing but an arrogant fool.
Boldi was old enough to start traveling with his parents.
Boldi was on a bike.
Boldi was operated on without anesthesia.
Boldi was out in the forest.
Boldi was out of beef.
Boldi was overwhelmed with emotions.
Boldi was pampered by his parents and they never punished him.
Boldi was part of the elite of the institution.
Boldi was performing in the club.
Boldi was preparing for the school running competition.
Boldi was put on the operating table and was tied to it.
Boldi was recovering after a spinal surgery.
Boldi was returning Martha's phone calls.
Boldi was rushed to the hospital.
Boldi was scolded for being absent-minded.
Boldi was screaming and howling in pain.
Boldi was seized by panic.
Boldi was sent to a psychiatric clinic for treatment.
Boldi was sent to the orphanage.
Boldi was shocked and devastated.
Boldi was shocked by those words.
Boldi was sick at heart all the time because of the countless restrictions.
Boldi was sitting in the classroom, feeling incredibly tired.
Boldi was sitting on the couch, watching TV.
Boldi was so angry with Martha that he pushed her.
Boldi was so angry with his father that he got a tattoo that night.
Boldi was so surprised.
Boldi was spending time with Grandma.
Boldi was standing by the firepit.
Boldi was staring at the inside of the tent, as he listened carefully.
Boldi was stroking the leopard.
Boldi was sunbathing in the backyard.
Boldi was supposed to wait for us in the gym.
Boldi was talking a lot about the outside world.
Boldi was talking about the school and the city.
Boldi was talking to Martha in the car.
Boldi was the chairman of the school's sci-fi club.
Boldi was the fastest runner in the class.
Boldi was the reason for all the chaos.
Boldi was thrown back by the explosion.
Boldi was totally out of his drinkable water.
Boldi was transferred to a special school because of his condition.
Boldi was transferred to another hospital department.
Boldi was transplanted with someone else's eyes.
Boldi was trying to bring Martha to her senses.
Boldi was trying to keep away from sunlight.
Boldi was trying to play a trick on Martha.
Boldi was vacationing in the jungle in the summer.
Boldi was very hungry and didn't care where we were going to have dinner.
Boldi was very naughty.
Boldi was very pleased that Martha praised him.
Boldi was very superstitious.
Boldi was walking all day with a water bottle.
Boldi was walking along the beach.
Boldi was walking down the hall, wondering where he could hide.
Boldi was watching a show about zebras.
Boldi was wearing black glasses.
Boldi was wearing some kind of black coat.
Boldi was working on Martha's tattoo.
Boldi washed and fed the puppy.
Boldi washed the puppy and groomed it.
Boldi wasn't amused at all.
Boldi wasn't ready to let Martha out of his life.
Boldi watched his mom cook various dishes for hours.
Boldi watched the lions move inside the cage.
Boldi went back to the table.
Boldi went camping in a secluded forest.
Boldi went home after a dry goodbye.
Boldi went into one of the rooms the door of which was ajar.
Boldi went into the store from the back.
Boldi went on another business trips.
Boldi went on vacation for two weeks.
Boldi went quite far from home.
Boldi went to Martha's room and turned the knob. The door was locked.
Boldi went to a fortune teller.
Boldi went to pick up his Ferrari.
Boldi went to scout camp.
Boldi went to the back door.
Boldi went to the safari park.
Boldi went to the store and bought one of those puppets.
Boldi will be put to sleep and operated on.
Boldi will have big problems.
Boldi will never live with his grandmother in the same house again.
Boldi will not become a monster.
Boldi will probably have to leave the country.
Boldi will probably never see his German Shepherd again.
Boldi will spend his summer vacation with Martha.
Boldi will take out the trash.
Boldi will truly enjoy this gift.
Boldi winked at Martha.
Boldi wiped his tears with his sleeve.
Boldi wished he hadn't run away from home.
Boldi won the competition.
Boldi won't bring Martha here again.
Boldi wondered how that was possible.
Boldi wondered what Martha was doing in that club.
Boldi wondered why Martha wanted that junk.
Boldi worked part-time during the summer vacation.
Boldi works as an architect.
Boldi works for an animal welfare organization.
Boldi would have kicked Martha out of the house for wearing such clothes.
Boldi would leave you at the first opportunity.
Boldi would never allow himself to get involved in anything bad.
Boldi wrote his answer in the comment section.
Boldi's German Shepherd jumped for the frisbee.
Boldi's German Shepherd stood still.
Boldi's German Shepherd was sick with rabies.
Boldi's allergy only worsened.
Boldi's appendix was being removed.
Boldi's argument with Martha attracted a whole crowd.
Boldi's attending physician said that he should keep a strict diet.
Boldi's backyard was connected to a huge forest.
Boldi's bill was paid for by Martha.
Boldi's brother was born in 2004 and was named "Ageldun," a Berber word which means "prince."
Boldi's cat brings dead animals to his house every day.
Boldi's cat started to turn into a human.
Boldi's clothes are a little dull.
Boldi's company released a new medicine.
Boldi's conversation with his father ended in a quarrel.
Boldi's doctor didn't understand what was the matter.
Boldi's dog will live with us for some time until he recovers.
Boldi's drawing was even more terrifying.
Boldi's energy was going down the drain.
Boldi's environment remained the same.
Boldi's expensive puppet was left unattended on a table in the cafeteria.
Boldi's eyes became bloodshot.
Boldi's eyes filled with blood.
Boldi's eyesight began to deteriorate drastically.
Boldi's eyesight was back.
Boldi's grandma was a very kind and wonderful woman.
Boldi's head was fully bandaged.
Boldi's health just got worse.
Boldi's health was in great danger.
Boldi's house did not look like a normal house.
Boldi's house had a huge backyard.
Boldi's kids are energy vampires.
Boldi's legs were shaking.
Boldi's life began to change rapidly.
Boldi's luck can't last forever.
Boldi's mental trauma took a much longer time to heal than his physical one.
Boldi's mind was occupied with that question.
Boldi's mother came to visit him.
Boldi's mother worked in the hospital.
Boldi's pale skin was caused by years of anemia.
Boldi's parents and the police were searching the area for him.
Boldi's parents didn't mind.
Boldi's parents got divorced.
Boldi's parents were very friendly.
Boldi's patience ran out.
Boldi's phone was ringing off the hook.
Boldi's problems were related to that.
Boldi's puppy climbed on top of Martha and started licking her face.
Boldi's puppy limped.
Boldi's room was filled with strange puppets.
Boldi's self-confidence quickly faded.
Boldi's situation became worse.
Boldi's skin turned pale as chalk.
Boldi's stomach had to be removed to prevent the disease from worsening.
Boldi's stomach started to ache.
Boldi's stomach was stitched.
Boldi's tattoo was ready.
Boldi's wife died because of Martha.
Boldi's words comforted Martha a little.
Boldi's world tour will start in Algeria.
Boldly, she asked me the question.
Bolivar cannot carry double.
Bolivia is called "Buliwya" in Quechua.
Bolivia's salt flats, colored lagoons and flamingo sanctuaries attract thousands of visitors every year.
Bollocks!
Bollocks! I've overslept!
Bollocks, where in God's name did I put my house keys?
Bollywood is quite popular in Algeria.
Bollywood movies are attracting millions globally, especially in Africa.
Bollywood movies are very popular in Algeria.
Bologne is closer to Florence than Milan.
Bolsonaro extinguished daylight saving time in Brazil.
Bolsonaro has called the Amazon an economic resource that should be exploited.
Bolt is bound to win.
Bolt it in.
Bolt the door.
Bolton Wanderers F.C. was one of the founding members of the Football League.
Bolts are tightened clockwise.
Bolzano is the capital of South Tyrol, in Italy.
Bomb has been planted!
Bomb-making criminals frequently have the motive of wanting public attention.
Bomb-sniffing dogs found some explosives at the airport.
Bombay is the former name of Mumbai and was given to it by the English.
Bombay is the former name of Mumbai. It was what the English called it.
Bombs away!
Bombs can kill the hungry, the sick, the ignorant, but they can't kill hunger, sickness, and ignorance.
Bon appetit!
Bon appetit.
Bon voyage!
Bon voyage! May you have good luck on your journey.
Bon voyage.
Bon, an annual Buddhist event, is from July (or August on the lunar calendar) 13th to the 16th.
Bonds together with some money was stolen.
Bonds were issued to finance a war.
Bone marrow transplants have become routine in the West for blood cancers, such as leukemia, and similar diseases.
Bones that have been languishing in obscurity for nearly 80 years at a London museum may actually belong to the oldest known dinosaur.
Bongani, now 15, but first compelled by his mother's illness to assume the mantle of adult and parent at age-13, hovers between stoicism, determination, and wistfulness. He is stoic about seeing to his small family's daily routines of hygiene, nutrition, and getting to school.
Bongekile Kuhlase studies at the University of Pretoria in South Africa.
Bongos are smaller than congas.
Bonhote also noted the designer's ambivalence about the world he had chosen, clearly expressed in shows like his famous 2001 Voss, in which he forced the assembled fashion world to literally stare at itself for long minutes into a mirrored cube — which in turn represented an insane asylum.
Bonnie and Clyde robbed banks.
Bonnie should have called him Sporky, not Forky.
Bono and Sinatra toast their new friendship.
Bonobos are also different in that they have a more egalitarian and cooperative society than chimpanzees.
Bonobos often use sexual behavior, sometimes homosexual, sometimes heterosexual, for social negotiation.
Bonsai trees are elegant.
Bonsais can live for hundreds of years.
Bonuck notes that some earlier studies tracked children for a shorter period of time, or were limited, for example, to tonsillectomy patients.
Bonus points!
Bony fish were a mistake.
Boo!
Boobs are the proof that men can focus at two things at once!
Book a flight to Algiers.
Book banning is an authoritarian act.
Book now – only a few places left!
Book now – only a few seats left!
Book now.
Book the flight to go back home!
Book your flight early as it fills up quickly during Christmas.
Book your flight now to avoid disappointment.
Book your flights early, because they fill up quickly around Christmastime.
Bookends are very useful things.
Bookmark this page.
Bookmark this site.
Books about art have to be well-illustrated.
Books about things like dinosaurs and monsters are a favorite among young children.
Books add to the pleasures of life.
Books and documents are piling up on my desk.
Books and friends should be few but good.
Books and paper are piling up on my desk.
Books and the company of each other was all we needed.
Books are Tom's kryptonite.
Books are a big part of my life.
Books are all there is.
Books are children of the brain.
Books are entertaining!
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.
Books are good enough in their own way, but they are a mighty bloodless substitute for life.
Books are inexhaustible sources of knowledge.
Books are lifeless; fascists are a walking threat to the lives of marginalized people.
Books are like friends.
Books are like people, except interesting.
Books are lying about on the floor.
Books are made out of paper.
Books are my alternate reality.
Books are my best friends.
Books are now within the reach of everybody.
Books are popular with students.
Books are scattered around the room.
Books are ships which pass through the vast sea of time.
Books are silent friends whose wisdom and imagination wait only for those who dare to discover them.
Books are sources of knowledge.
Books are the bees that carry pollen from one mind to another.
Books are the bees which carry the quickening pollen from one to another mind.
Books are the food of the spirit.
Books are the offspring of one's mind.
Books are the offspring of someone's brains.
Books are the offspring of someone's mind.
Books are the paper memory of mankind.
Books are the windows through which the soul looks out.
Books are to the mind what food is to the body.
Books are to the mind what food is to the boy.
Books became more available.
Books can transport you to faraway lands, both real and imagined.
Books can't hurt anyone; fascists can.
Books fascinate me.
Books for young people sell well these days.
Books give one knowledge.
Books have a fate of their own.
Books have no borders.
Books intended for young people will sell well.
Books make eras and nations, just as eras and nations make books.
Books must follow sciences, and not sciences books.
Books occupy most of his room.
Books of all kinds lay on the table.
Books provide valuable knowledge and insights.
Books should not be banned.
Books such as these are too difficult for him.
Books were lying about in the room.
Books were piled up, artlessly.
Books were spread all around the room.
Boomerangs are tricky to throw.
Boomers used to say, "Don't trust anyone over 30."
Boop! Got you on your nose. You'll have to be faster than that.
Boost your Berber vocabulary.
Boost your confidence.
Boost your likability at work.
Boost your productivity.
Boost your self-confidence.
Booted and saddled and bridled rode he.
Booth broke his leg when he hit the stage floor.
Booze is the answer, but now I can't remember the question.
Booze was plentiful at the party last night.
Borat is from Kazakhstan; he is not an American.
Borax is probably the best known compound of boron.
Borborygmus refers to noise coming from the stomach and intestines.
Border Guards Bangladesh and Bangladesh Coast Guard are under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Home Affairs during peacetime, but during wartime they fall under the command of Bangladesh Army and Bangladesh Navy respectively.
Border disputes between the two countries led to constant wars.
Border fights were common.
Borders were designed ignoring the various ethnic groups.
Borders were drawn on the map using a ruler, with no regard for cultural realities on the ground.
Boreas is the harshest of all the winds.
Borech is Yankev's husband.
Borech punched Gavin McInnes in the face.
Borech's back on his bullshit.
Bored now.
Bored of watching the BBC, Vladimir turned off the television and suggested to Alexander that the two of them have a look at the pictures of his latest hunting trip.
Bored waiting or rushing off at full speed.
Bored, the audience began to yawn.
Boredom doesn't come to me often.
Boredom is a huge problem.
Boredom is an enemy awaiting for us just around the corner.
Boredom is commonplace.
Boredom is his worst enemy.
Boredom is itself boring, hence it tends to feed on itself.
Boredom is no match for me.
Boredom is one of the most luxurious things.
Boredom is the bane of my existence.
Boredom is the beginning of all vices.
Boredom is the feeling that everything is a waste of time; serenity, that nothing is.
Boredom, routine, and lack of curiosity are the greatest enemies of our brain.
Boring is good: events are bad.
Boring!
Boris Becker once famously held from 0-40 down by serving 5 aces in a row.
Boris Johnson is a pest.
Boris Johnson is a racist, an antisemite, and an Islamophobe.
Boris Johnson is a scumbag.
Boris Johnson is an antisemite.
Boris Johnson is the British Donald Trump.
Boris Johnson is worse in the head than the president of Spain.
Boris Johnson so far has refused permission for Scotland to hold another independence referendum following the last such vote in 2014.
Boris Johnson's Turkish great-grandfather, who strongly opposed the Turkish War of Independence, was lynched as a traitor.
Boris abducted young women.
Boris accepted Melissa as his student.
Boris accompanied Melissa to the guaded building.
Boris accompanied Rima to the party.
Boris accused Melissa of being in cahoots with John.
Boris admired Melissa's skills.
Boris admitted that he needed the money.
Boris agreed to fix Melissa's boat.
Boris agreed to spend the rest of the evening with Rima.
Boris allowed Melissa to learn karate.
Boris allowed Rima to drive through.
Boris almost got hit by a truck.
Boris almost had an accident.
Boris already had a tent set up.
Boris always used to make fun of Walid.
Boris and Melissa are finally getting married.
Boris and Melissa barely said a word to each other.
Boris and Melissa began discussing possibilities.
Boris and Melissa had a camping trip planned.
Boris and Melissa had to cut their honeymoon short and head home.
Boris and Melissa have been together for five years.
Boris and Melissa went their separate ways.
Boris and Melissa were attending the same university.
Boris and Melissa were opening their Christmas gifts together.
Boris and Melissa were planning their wedding.
Boris and Rima are getting along well.
Boris and Rima are in the room, playing.
Boris and Rima kissed.
Boris and Rima made out in front of the camera.
Boris and Rima said goodbye and he drove off.
Boris and Rima sat down for tea.
Boris and Rima started to talk gibberish.
Boris and Rima were driving to get to Rima.
Boris and Walid were best friends through most of high school.
Boris and his friends played games with each other.
Boris and his friends sat around the fire, talking.
Boris and his friends stayed up late around the fire.
Boris and his friends were hanging out in Walid's basement.
Boris and his men fought back with all their might.
Boris and his sister were reminiscing about their experiences in that house.
Boris apologized for being a bad friend.
Boris apologized to Rima for not telling her.
Boris appeared on the stage to announce the winners.
Boris appeared relieved.
Boris appeared with a shotgun.
Boris approached Rima in the parking lot to flirt with her.
Boris approached the plane.
Boris approached the smoking car.
Boris arrived at Rima’s campus.
Boris arrived at the rendezvous.
Boris arrived in the village.
Boris arrived on a bike.
Boris arrived on the island.
Boris arrived to Mars.
Boris asked Melissa to close her eyes.
Boris asked Melissa to help him again at the dock.
Boris asked Rima about the mosque.
Boris asked Rima about what she knew.
Boris asked Rima not to leave him.
Boris asked Rima to be a part of an experiment.
Boris asked Rima to go with him.
Boris asked Rima why she called him.
Boris asked Rima why the mosque was closed.
Boris asked me to give this to you.
Boris asked the demon to leave Rima.
Boris attacked Rima with whatever he could find.
Boris attempted to make a Ouija board out of cardboard.
Boris beat the bodyguard mercilessly.
Boris became entangled with a gang of ruthless human traffickers.
Boris began fighting the soldier hand to hand.
Boris began his hike at five pm.
Boris began reversing out of the driveway.
Boris began to choke.
Boris began to study with Melissa.
Boris began to train intensively.
Boris began to travel to find a better martial arts school.
Boris began walking in the grass.
Boris begged Melissa to give him a chance.
Boris begged Rima to watch the video.
Boris bent backward.
Boris bit Rima in the neck.
Boris boarded the RV and sped up.
Boris boarded the spaceship.
Boris bought Rima a welcome gift.
Boris bought an RV trailer.
Boris brandished a machete.
Boris brought Melissa to John alive.
Boris brought Rima along.
Boris brought his copy of the Quran.
Boris brought his swimming trunks.
Boris brought some rope to tie Melissa.
Boris brought the box to his tent.
Boris bumped into Rima.
Boris burnt Rima’s body.
Boris burnt Rima’s remains.
Boris burnt down all the houses in the village.
Boris buzzed Melissa in.
Boris called Melissa out on that.
Boris called Rima on her phone but she didn’t pick up.
Boris called a ghost hunter.
Boris called a psychic.
Boris called his sister.
Boris called it a night at around nine pm.
Boris called out to Rima.
Boris called the police to let them know.
Boris came across an abandoned cabin.
Boris came back home.
Boris came from the other direction.
Boris came out of the shower.
Boris came out to breathe.
Boris came running down the stairs.
Boris came some days later.
Boris came to Algiers within the next few hours.
Boris came to Rima’s town.
Boris came to congratulate Melissa.
Boris came to search the cabin and the surrounding area.
Boris came to watch the video.
Boris camped near the lovely lake.
Boris can count on one hand the number of times that he had bumped into another person in those woods.
Boris can't alter the course of events.
Boris canceled the tour.
Boris cannot cross the bridge with a car.
Boris can’t bring Rima peace.
Boris can’t get out of the house.
Boris can’t reach Rima.
Boris cared about Melissa's opinion a lot.
Boris carried his tent and sleeping bag on his back.
Boris caught Melissa doing that.
Boris caught the ball with his hand.
Boris caught the strange creature on camera.
Boris changed the tire.
Boris checked on his men.
Boris checked on us last night.
Boris checked one of the bodies.
Boris checked out the room.
Boris checked the door locks.
Boris checked the monitor.
Boris checked the spare parts, but didn't find what he needed.
Boris chickened out.
Boris chose to leave Melissa alone by the river.
Boris cleaned the closet last.
Boris cleaned up the house and did the closet last.
Boris climbed into bed.
Boris climbed on the wall.
Boris climbed on top of that truck.
Boris clung onto his mom like a giant koala.
Boris collapsed on the floor.
Boris committed an unthinkable act.
Boris confirmed that there was an intruder inside his apartment.
Boris continued his exorcism.
Boris continued his journey in the forest.
Boris continued on his way.
Boris continued to train his physical strength.
Boris continued up the driveway.
Boris cooked some dinner.
Boris cooked up some dinner.
Boris could clearly hear someone walking outside of his tent.
Boris could have called the owner.
Boris could have heard Melissa.
Boris could have qualified for the Tour de France.
Boris could hear Melissa's footsteps.
Boris could hear the bear pacing around his tent.
Boris could not accept Melissa as his student.
Boris could see a fair distance into the woods.
Boris could see flashlights in the distance.
Boris could still hear footsteps from downstairs.
Boris couldn't accept his defeat.
Boris couldn't do too much on the first day.
Boris couldn't help but steal glances at Melissa.
Boris couldn't look out into the hallway.
Boris couldn't make any more money.
Boris couldn't see a thing.
Boris couldn't see what produced the sound.
Boris couldn't shake the feeling that someone was watching him.
Boris couldn't tell from which direction Melissa's was coming.
Boris couldn't wait to share his exciting news.
Boris couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
Boris cowardly hid in the truck.
Boris crawled out of the escape hole.
Boris created trouble in the village.
Boris cured himself.
Boris cut his whole trip short.
Boris cut the wire off the tree.
Boris decided not to ask any more questions.
Boris decided to book the place.
Boris decided to continue his journey.
Boris decided to deal with the cops.
Boris decided to end the conversation.
Boris decided to kill the demon by himself.
Boris decided to leave the war behind him.
Boris decided to pick up the pace a little bit.
Boris decided to rest for a while.
Boris decided to say goodbye to his teachers.
Boris decided to stay put for the night.
Boris decided to stop by a busy bar.
Boris decided to take matters into his own hands.
Boris decided to take the same route.
Boris decided to teach Rima a special dance.
Boris decided to watch the tape by himself.
Boris deciphered the inscription.
Boris deemed Melissa unworthy of such a responsibility.
Boris defended his friend.
Boris did anything he wanted without consequences.
Boris didn't ask Melissa who the man was that was running behind her.
Boris didn't even bring a flashlight.
Boris didn't find what he was looking for.
Boris didn't have a spare tire.
Boris didn't know any special techniques.
Boris didn't know what that creature wanted.
Boris didn't pay attention to that.
Boris didn't really get any sleep that night.
Boris didn't sleep for the rest of that night.
Boris didn't sleep well that night.
Boris didn't stop until he reached the police station.
Boris didn't tell his parents what he had heard.
Boris didn't trust strangers.
Boris didn't want Melissa to learn karate.
Boris didn't want any issues.
Boris didn't want his kids riding in the woods.
Boris didn't want to come back down.
Boris didn't want to go that far into the woods.
Boris didn't want to risk running into that guy again.
Boris didn't want to spend another night out there.
Boris didn’t allow Rima to set Walid free.
Boris didn’t understand what Rima was trying to show him.
Boris died in the plane crash.
Boris disappeared forty years ago.
Boris disappeared into the forest.
Boris discovered that Rima was gone.
Boris discovered that his boat was damaged.
Boris disposed of the remains.
Boris doesn't have a strong menacing aura.
Boris doesn't know what that creature was.
Boris doesn’t know how to deal with his new body.
Boris doesn’t matter.
Boris doesn’t understand what those visions are about.
Boris dragged Melissa to the side of the boat and tossed her overboard.
Boris dragged Rima away to go to a party.
Boris drank alcohol to calm his nerves.
Boris dropped Melissa back down to the floor.
Boris dropped backward in a dead faint.
Boris drove his speedboat towards Algiers.
Boris drove the forty miles back to his town.
Boris drove the truck closer to the tank.
Boris drove the vehicle further.
Boris drove there in his dad's truck.
Boris drove to the nearest ranger station.
Boris drove to the site.
Boris drowned in Melissa's pool.
Boris earned a lot of money from fighting bets.
Boris earned a small fee.
Boris embarrassed Rima in front of everyone at her birthday party.
Boris emerged from the bathroom.
Boris emerged from the truck.
Boris ended his own life in his cell.
Boris ended the lecture.
Boris ended up catching a small catfish.
Boris ended up heading back to his truck.
Boris ended up just going to bed.
Boris enjoyed the beautiful scenery.
Boris entered a room where several women were held captive.
Boris entered the bank.
Boris even brought his rifle just in case.
Boris exchanged a glance with Melissa.
Boris exited the bridge.
Boris explained his situation to the cops.
Boris extended his stay at the motel for another night.
Boris falls asleep pretty quickly.
Boris farted in Rima’s face.
Boris fell down the stairs.
Boris fell overboard and tumbled into the water.
Boris felt Melissa touch him.
Boris finally arrived.
Boris finally looked at Rima.
Boris finally reached the truck before sunset.
Boris finds the tool really helpful.
Boris finished his day.
Boris fired a few shots.
Boris flashed his light inside the room.
Boris fled and drove away with Rima.
Boris followed Melissa back to her campsite.
Boris followed Melissa into the dark courtyard.
Boris followed the RV.
Boris followed the bootprints to the trees.
Boris forgot his sunglasses in his tent.
Boris fought bravely.
Boris found Melissa's social media.
Boris found Rima and hit her.
Boris found Rima inside the grave.
Boris found Rima taking a leak.
Boris found Rima’s phone on the ground.
Boris found a VCR and played the tape.
Boris found a large pile of poop on the trail.
Boris found a room.
Boris found a small black suitcase in the bathroom.
Boris found a spot by the lake and set up his tent.
Boris found a trap door underneath.
Boris found a yellow and black bird.
Boris found bootprints in the snow all around the cabin.
Boris found out it was Rima.
Boris found someone else.
Boris found something on the floor.
Boris found the camera again.
Boris found the pilot dead inside the cockpit.
Boris frequently traveled to rural Algeria.
Boris frequently visited Melissa's family.
Boris froze up as the strange sound continued.
Boris gasped and ran away.
Boris gave Melissa forty thousand dinars.
Boris gave dollar bills to every security guard that he met.
Boris gave the coffee to Melissa.
Boris gave the officer a description of that guy.
Boris gave the police his entire research on Rima.
Boris gave the prize to the winner.
Boris gave up running after Melissa.
Boris gazed across the lake.
Boris glanced over his shoulder and saw Melissa.
Boris got cellphone service.
Boris got closer to the entrance.
Boris got deeper and deeper into the woods.
Boris got kicked out.
Boris got lost in the middle of the forest.
Boris got on his bike and rode off as fast as he could.
Boris got out of his tent and stood there, watching.
Boris got out of the lake.
Boris got out of there.
Boris got passive aggressive about what Melissa just did.
Boris got pissed off.
Boris got revenge on Rima.
Boris got something to eat for the night.
Boris got support from Rima’s team.
Boris got to his feet and started running.
Boris got to the crossroads.
Boris got up and watched the video.
Boris got up to go to the bathroom.
Boris got up to inspect the canoe.
Boris got upset and left.
Boris grabbed Melissa by the collar and said: "I need to talk to you."
Boris grabbed his lantern and went out into the dark.
Boris grabbed his rifle and fired a warning shot in the air.
Boris grabbed the fishing rod and began walking down to the river.
Boris graduated last April.
Boris grew up in the area.
Boris had a billy-goat beard.
Boris had a cabin up north that he would go to several times a year.
Boris had a hard time getting asleep.
Boris had a pretty epic road trip in Algeria.
Boris had a pretty good day.
Boris had a really strange encounter in the woods.
Boris had a rod.
Boris had a room heater and kept the door closed.
Boris had an extraordinary talent in martial arts.
Boris had another vision of Rima.
Boris had another vision.
Boris had good intentions.
Boris had his stuff packed and ready to go.
Boris had no idea if anybody would ever know what happened to him.
Boris had no idea who that guy was.
Boris had no need for Melissa's possessions.
Boris had no way of contacting anyone for help.
Boris had seen those lights many times before.
Boris had stories about ghosts.
Boris had terrible visions.
Boris had the windows open.
Boris had to inform his boss immediately.
Boris had to leave the campsite right away.
Boris had with him a small angel statue.
Boris handed the guard a few dollars bills.
Boris has a cabin in the mountains.
Boris has a difficult time distinguishing good wines from bad, especially after a few glasses.
Boris has a miserable life.
Boris has already left for the forest.
Boris has an abusive and controlling father.
Boris has become the high school principal.
Boris has been hit with a stray bullet.
Boris has been on Earth for forty years.
Boris has been staring at Melissa for months.
Boris has been waiting for Melissa for a long time.
Boris has clearly made the right choice.
Boris has created a new school.
Boris has four days to do that.
Boris has left his violent life behind.
Boris has made a great mistake.
Boris has many terms for that.
Boris has missed his chance.
Boris has never been back to that cabin.
Boris has never seen that creature again.
Boris has no history of mental illness.
Boris has only four days to live.
Boris has recently moved from Algeria to Canada.
Boris has seen Melissa around.
Boris has seen the video.
Boris has taken off his clothes.
Boris has two choices as to how to get home.
Boris hasn't taken a vacation in a long time.
Boris hastily followed the bus.
Boris hastily left the scene.
Boris headed back to his lavish home.
Boris headed to the north.
Boris heard Melissa talking and giggling.
Boris heard Melissa walk around her cell.
Boris heard a deep hissing sound.
Boris heard a gunshot in the woods.
Boris heard a hum of a motor approaching behind him.
Boris heard a man's voice yelling from the distance.
Boris heard a sound.
Boris heard footsteps circling around his tent.
Boris heard heavy footsteps outside his tent.
Boris heard leaves crunching to his left.
Boris heard murmuring in the forest.
Boris heard sirens.
Boris heard slight footsteps moving around downstairs.
Boris heard some kind of sound coming from inside the grave.
Boris heard something behind him.
Boris heard strange sounds from the room.
Boris heard the bathroom door opening.
Boris heard the man start to run after him.
Boris heard the noise of a stick being snapped.
Boris heard the sound of rustling in the bushes.
Boris heard the sound of someone breathing heavily.
Boris heard the tent's zipper slowly sliding upwards.
Boris heard the wooden door to the cabin creak open.
Boris heard very slow footsteps walking towards his tent.
Boris heard what sounded like footsteps.
Boris helped Melissa find a healer to save her son's life.
Boris hid in a small closet, in a corner of the room.
Boris hid in a trench.
Boris hid the gold nugget in his pocket.
Boris hiked back to his truck.
Boris hiked for about five hours.
Boris hired another waiter.
Boris hit his head on a brick.
Boris imitated Melissa's voice.
Boris immediately asked about Melissa's identity.
Boris immediately opened fire to kill the soldiers.
Boris immediately opened fire.
Boris immediately rushed to support Melissa.
Boris immediately started to vomit uncontrollably.
Boris immediately went to see the martial arts teacher.
Boris infiltrated the king's camp.
Boris instructed Melissa to stay put.
Boris invited Rima to join him.
Boris is Nadya's brother. You can see the resemblance.
Boris is a ghost hunter.
Boris is a psychiatrist at the local hospital.
Boris is a really deep sleeper.
Boris is a renowned and feared assassin.
Boris is already putting up posters of his lost dog in the neighborhood.
Boris is also dancing with Rima.
Boris is an Algerian game artist.
Boris is an Algerian game designer.
Boris is an Algerian game publisher.
Boris is an Algerian publishing manager.
Boris is an influencer.
Boris is behind Rima, making her laugh.
Boris is currently dating Rima.
Boris is extending his stay.
Boris is five years older than Melissa.
Boris is giving a lecture.
Boris is going to bed at eight.
Boris is going to explain a movie.
Boris is in Canada and is five hours behind Melissa.
Boris is in his bed, listening to the podcast.
Boris is in the process of learning Berber.
Boris is incredibly popular.
Boris is joining Rima.
Boris is probably trying to learn Berber.
Boris is ready to physically defend himself.
Boris is ready to share his story on the Internet.
Boris is rigging the election.
Boris is selling cars.
Boris is still a prisoner.
Boris is still fourteen.
Boris is the boy from the video.
Boris is the only one left who remembers that night.
Boris is very clean.
Boris is waiting for his transport.
Boris jogged in the woods.
Boris jogged the rest of the way back.
Boris joined the line of people waiting to meet the actor.
Boris jumped into the water.
Boris jumped out of the car.
Boris just needs a ride.
Boris just sat there, watching the UFO.
Boris kept buzzing.
Boris kept circling our campsite and staring at us.
Boris kept coming for Rima and killed her.
Boris kept looking at the ground as he was walking.
Boris kept looking in disbelief.
Boris kept looking in the direction of the rustling.
Boris kept looking outside for the cop.
Boris kept praying.
Boris kept the food away from the bears.
Boris kept the girl down there.
Boris kept trying to win the fight.
Boris kept walking for a while.
Boris kept walking for about forty minutes.
Boris killed Rima’s dog by accident.
Boris killed his parents when he was a child.
Boris killed the deranged woman.
Boris killed the intruder.
Boris killed the loathsome witch.
Boris killed the man.
Boris killed the monster.
Boris knew a remote spot in the woods where he enjoyed camping.
Boris knew how remote that cabin was.
Boris knew that he had a long trip ahead of him.
Boris knew the man was armed.
Boris knocked Melissa out with a brick.
Boris knows what he’s doing.
Boris landed on the night side of Mars.
Boris learnt how to use social media.
Boris learnt karate for self-defense.
Boris learnt self-defense.
Boris learnt various martial arts techniques.
Boris led Melissa into the forest.
Boris led the game warden back to that spot.
Boris left Melissa just because of money.
Boris left Rima there alone.
Boris left absolutely no trace.
Boris left after dinner for work.
Boris left his swim trunks in the truck.
Boris left near the end of April.
Boris left on his horse.
Boris left that company five weeks later.
Boris left the German Shepherd behind.
Boris left the campsite in the middle of the night.
Boris left the state.
Boris left with his agents.
Boris lent Rima the house.
Boris let his daughters sleep in their own tent.
Boris let the kids use the big closet as a playroom.
Boris let the monster tear Melissa to pieces.
Boris lied lifeless before Melissa's eyes.
Boris lied there in silence.
Boris listened to Rima’s voice mail.
Boris lit a fire and sat by the water.
Boris lit up a match.
Boris lived a rough and challenging life.
Boris lived in an apartment complex that was next to the woods.
Boris lived in an apartment complex.
Boris lived in an old abandoned-looking cabin.
Boris lived next to a small lake.
Boris lived on the West Coast.
Boris lived with a flatmate that worked nights.
Boris lives and works in the suburbs.
Boris lives deep in the mountains.
Boris lives five miles off the paved road.
Boris lives in Algeria, just outside of Bejaia.
Boris lives in Rima’s dream house.
Boris lives in a different country to his family.
Boris lives in a very rural area.
Boris lives in a very rural town.
Boris looked around with his night-vision goggles and couldn't see anything.
Boris looked at his daughter longingly.
Boris looked at his phone and saw it was five am.
Boris looked down the road ahead of him and then, behind him.
Boris looked like a zombie.
Boris looked over his shoulder and saw a bear.
Boris looked toward the mountain.
Boris looked visibly angry.
Boris looks like a zombie.
Boris lost his best hitman.
Boris lost his eyesight.
Boris lost his home.
Boris lost track of Rima.
Boris loved that story as a child.
Boris loved to explore different countries.
Boris loves living alone.
Boris made a copy of the tape.
Boris made a dangerous jump.
Boris made contact with the sniper.
Boris made his way back to his room.
Boris made his way down to the room below.
Boris made his way out of Djelfa on his way to Laghouat.
Boris made his way out onto the water.
Boris made his way up the stairs and knocked on the door.
Boris made it back to Earth.
Boris made it to Mars safely.
Boris made it to the closest town.
Boris made it to the other side of the bridge.
Boris made the unconscious decision to wait and see what would happen.
Boris managed to beat the other fights quite easily.
Boris managed to enter the club.
Boris managed to get the ghost out.
Boris managed to humiliate his enemies.
Boris managed to shoot Melissa in the leg.
Boris messaged the owner about that.
Boris met Melissa on the docks.
Boris met Melissa, the daughter of the king.
Boris met with a violent end.
Boris misses Earth very much.
Boris misunderstood the situation.
Boris mostly left Melissa alone after that incident.
Boris moved closer to touch Rima.
Boris needed a mechanic to repair his ship.
Boris needed additional workers.
Boris needed to act fast.
Boris needed to keep his chickens safe from stray dogs.
Boris needs more followers on Instagram.
Boris needs to buy some fireworks.
Boris needs to close that chapter of his life.
Boris needs to pack for college.
Boris needs to show Rima something first.
Boris never accepts an invitation like that from people he doesn't know.
Boris never actually saw a ghost.
Boris never allowed his children to go into those woods.
Boris never asked Melissa about that.
Boris never caught the intruder.
Boris never changed Rima’s room.
Boris never confronted Rima.
Boris never gave Melissa a direct answer.
Boris never ran into any other campers while he was there.
Boris never saw that guy again.
Boris never shared that.
Boris never truly wanted to lend Rima his house.
Boris never uses the top shelf.
Boris never went into those woods again.
Boris noticed Rima’s phone ring.
Boris noticed dirty bootprints on the carpeted floor.
Boris noticed fresh bootprints in the snow.
Boris noticed that one of the cans was broken.
Boris noticed that some of his things were missing.
Boris noticed the paw prints around the camp.
Boris offered to be Melissa's guide.
Boris offered to take Melissa to a safe place.
Boris only has room for one person.
Boris only needs help.
Boris only saw one other family on the beach.
Boris only stopped when Rima stood in the middle of the road.
Boris opened fire at the plane before it took off.
Boris opened the curtains and saw Melissa.
Boris opened the gift box and was surprised to see a set of knives.
Boris ordered Melissa to put down her gun.
Boris ordered Rima to bring back that dog.
Boris ordered his soldiers to shoot.
Boris packed up all the essentials and more.
Boris packed up his tent and headed to the next campsite.
Boris parked his RV somewhere east of Algiers.
Boris passed out from exhaustion.
Boris passed out when he saw his reflection in the mirror.
Boris passed through the forest.
Boris paused to check his phone.
Boris picked up the gold that fell out of the bag.
Boris placed the canoe in the lake.
Boris planned to return later that night.
Boris played in the woods alone all the time.
Boris pleaded with Melissa for forgiveness.
Boris pointed his flashlight at Melissa.
Boris posed the greatest threat.
Boris positioned himself at the door.
Boris proceeded to take care of his wounds.
Boris proceeded to touch Rima.
Boris promised to retrieve Melissa's children and bring them back.
Boris provided Melissa with first aid.
Boris pulled Melissa over and asked her why she was talking to John.
Boris pushed Rima off.
Boris pushed harder on the gas pedal.
Boris pushed the intruder to the ground.
Boris put his knife down.
Boris put the entire operation at risk.
Boris quickly followed Melissa's example.
Boris quickly hobbled out of the water.
Boris quickly opened his laptop.
Boris quickly tracked Melissa's GPS location.
Boris quickly transferred the payment and hired John for the job.
Boris raised his stick and slammed it against the ground.
Boris ran as fast as he could out of the room.
Boris ran back to the tents.
Boris ran inside the cabin and locked the door behind him.
Boris ran into the other room.
Boris ran off to the basement.
Boris ran out of the car.
Boris ran the entire way to the ranch.
Boris ran to ring the bell.
Boris ran toward the apartment door.
Boris rang the buzzer and introduced himself as Melissa's boyfriend.
Boris rang the buzzer.
Boris reached his first campsite at five pm.
Boris reached the lower level.
Boris reached the middle of the lake.
Boris reached the next campsite before sunset.
Boris reached the tent.
Boris reached the trees.
Boris realized Melissa's potential.
Boris realized that he had made a grave mistake.
Boris realized that there was something even inside Rima.
Boris received an email from Melissa, but he didn't recognize her name.
Boris received the funds from Melissa.
Boris recorded a video call with Melissa.
Boris refused at first.
Boris refused to accept that.
Boris refused to answer Melissa's questions.
Boris refused to cancel the party.
Boris refused to resort to such cruel measures.
Boris relaxed until the afternoon.
Boris remained dead still, not moving a muscle.
Boris remained fixated on his grudge with Melissa.
Boris remembered that situation.
Boris remembers seeing that cross before.
Boris remembers turning the lights off very clearly.
Boris reminded Melissa that Walid's life was at stake.
Boris reminded Rima of the job at hand.
Boris reminded his son to be careful.
Boris removed Rima from his social media.
Boris removed the GPS device.
Boris rented a cabin for a few days.
Boris repaid his debt in an unexpected way.
Boris reported about the mission.
Boris reported that ASAP to his manager.
Boris retaliated with shocking brutality.
Boris retreated because of Rima’s stinky breath.
Boris retrieved what he had dropped.
Boris returned to the bathroom and hid in the tub with a rifle.
Boris revealed his position.
Boris revealed that his father had passed away.
Boris rode deep into the woods.
Boris rode his bike for hours on end.
Boris rode his bike home from work.
Boris rode on the dirt path for about five minutes.
Boris rode out to the woods.
Boris rolled over onto his side.
Boris said he had a crush on Rima.
Boris said he had visions.
Boris said some really creepy things.
Boris said that he was a fisherman.
Boris sat by the lake.
Boris sat down to watch the video with Rima.
Boris sat in his truck, anxiously watching the rear view mirror.
Boris sat near the fire pit.
Boris saved Melissa's family.
Boris saved up some cash before college.
Boris saw Melissa on his morning hike.
Boris saw Rima arguing with Walid.
Boris saw Rima at the party.
Boris saw a German tank approaching.
Boris saw a bear tearing apart Melissa's tent.
Boris saw a cop running over to him.
Boris saw a dark figure about forty meters away from him.
Boris saw a dead man walking.
Boris saw a figure walking in the dark room.
Boris saw a guy in black in the corner.
Boris saw a large pile of intestines on the shoulder of the road.
Boris saw a man walking towards him.
Boris saw a military helicopter with big armed guys on board.
Boris saw a monkey sitting on the roof of the truck.
Boris saw a pair of headlights coming down the road.
Boris saw a set of massive paw prints in the dirt, just outside his tent.
Boris saw a small handgun on the ground.
Boris saw a suited man get out of the SUV.
Boris saw a truck ahead.
Boris saw an alien.
Boris saw fresh bootprints in the snow.
Boris saw headlights coming from behind him.
Boris saw men practising martial arts.
Boris saw red flashing lights.
Boris saw some paranormal stuff on duty.
Boris saw that in the video.
Boris saw the bird.
Boris saw the flashes of a road block.
Boris saw the pregnant girl in the picture.
Boris saw the tape.
Boris saw the trash bag move a little bit.
Boris says he can't remember his dreams.
Boris says he's finally comfortable enough to share his story.
Boris scared the German Shepherd away.
Boris scared the hyena away.
Boris scolded John for underestimating Walid's abilities.
Boris screamed Rima’s name.
Boris screamed at the intruder as he chased after him.
Boris screamed in Rima’s face.
Boris screamed like a little girl.
Boris seemed impressed by Melissa's fighting ability.
Boris sent Rima products to promote on her YouTube channel.
Boris sent a copy of the video to Rima.
Boris sent a young soldier to look for Melissa.
Boris sent one of his crew members to deal with the situation.
Boris sep up a campsite behind Melissa's house.
Boris set up his tent very quickly.
Boris shared his dollars with the guards.
Boris shined his flashlight into the river.
Boris shook his fist at Melissa.
Boris shot Melissa with an arrow.
Boris shot at the UFO with a rifle.
Boris shot the devil.
Boris should always be careful when camping in bear country.
Boris shouldn’t look for Rima.
Boris shouted at the demon to leave Rima.
Boris showed sympathy for what happened to Rima.
Boris shrugged his shoulders.
Boris signed Rima’s petition.
Boris signed the petition.
Boris slapped John on the back of his head.
Boris sleeps incredibly light.
Boris slept in a giant room.
Boris slept in the RV.
Boris slept in the blue tent.
Boris slept on the ground with bugs.
Boris slept with any woman he wanted.
Boris slid to a stop.
Boris slowly gained consciousness.
Boris slowly pulled off to the side of the road.
Boris smacked Melissa across the shoulder and told her to look up.
Boris smashed his computer.
Boris smashed the TV, too.
Boris smelt horribly after spending days in the wilderness.
Boris smiled and Melissa felt a chill.
Boris sniffed the substance.
Boris speaks Berber quite well.
Boris spent a lot of time working on social media.
Boris spent another night out there.
Boris spent five nights camping in the area.
Boris spent his entire life being mocked about that.
Boris spent some time with Rima.
Boris spent the afternoon exploring the area.
Boris spent the day on the water.
Boris spent the rest of the day doing activities in the area near the lake.
Boris spotted a truck from a distance.
Boris sprang into action.
Boris sprayed expensive perfume in the room.
Boris sprinted for the truck.
Boris stabbed Melissa with the sword.
Boris stabbed the soldier with his knife.
Boris stared in disbelief.
Boris stared intensely at the UFO.
Boris started a petition.
Boris started arguing with the teacher.
Boris started bleeding.
Boris started college in 2004.
Boris started everything.
Boris started getting irritated.
Boris started hitting the door with his pickaxe.
Boris started patting Melissa down and took her phone and watch.
Boris started screaming that the place was haunted.
Boris started talking about work.
Boris started tearing off the wall.
Boris started to feel silly.
Boris started to learn martial arts.
Boris started to pray furiously.
Boris started to prepare for bed once the fire died down.
Boris started to recite the Lord's prayer in Russian.
Boris started touching the items on the boat.
Boris started walking back to his tent.
Boris started waving the knife around.
Boris stayed back to talk to the police.
Boris stayed in Melissa's tent that night.
Boris stepped inside the cabin.
Boris stepped on a mine and died.
Boris stepped on a nail.
Boris stepped out from behind a large tree.
Boris stepped out of the elevator.
Boris stepped outside of his tent.
Boris still hasn't moved.
Boris still hates that closet.
Boris still heard murmuring.
Boris still occasionally thinks about that encounter.
Boris still watched the video.
Boris stitched up Melissa's wounds.
Boris stole the body.
Boris stood facing the RV.
Boris stopped attending mass.
Boris stopped by the gas station to get some food.
Boris stopped hearing the man's footsteps behind him.
Boris stopped to see.
Boris stopped vomitting.
Boris strongly denied that.
Boris struggles with anger.
Boris stuffed the bird in his mouth with a horrible crunch.
Boris suffered severe injuries.
Boris surrendered without putting up any resistance.
Boris survived the crash.
Boris swung his sword.
Boris swung the blade at Melissa.
Boris talked about serious social matters.
Boris targetted Melissa's loved ones.
Boris taught Melissa special martial arts techniques.
Boris tended to Melissa's injuries.
Boris thanked Melissa for helping him find a healer.
Boris thanked Melissa for her offer.
Boris thinks that house is haunted.
Boris thought Melissa's German Shepherd was cute.
Boris thought the gazelle would come back.
Boris threw the bag at a mine to make it explode.
Boris told Melissa excitedly that he had just seen a ghost.
Boris told Melissa not to buzz John in.
Boris told Melissa that he couldn't take her.
Boris told Melissa to never ask him about that.
Boris told Melissa to seek cover in a nearby building.
Boris told Rima that Walid died.
Boris told Rima that Walid was the imam.
Boris told Rima that she was smart, beautiful, and funny.
Boris told Rima to mind her own business.
Boris told Rima what she needed to do to stay alive.
Boris told his German Shepherd to run away.
Boris told his mom and dad about what had happened.
Boris told his trusted friends about what happened that night.
Boris told his uncle what happened.
Boris told his wife about that.
Boris took Melissa back to the mainland.
Boris took Melissa to a healer.
Boris took Rima aside to explain what happened.
Boris took Rima to Walid’s house.
Boris took Rima to a crashed car.
Boris took a bath and changed for bed.
Boris took a look at his schedule.
Boris took a minute to write Melissa's number down.
Boris took a selfie with Rima.
Boris took his children to the mosque.
Boris took photos.
Boris took pictures of the petrified forest.
Boris took the fifth elevator.
Boris took the rotting meat and threw it in the bin.
Boris took up a job at the local jail.
Boris took us for a weekend in a cabin.
Boris tore through the wall.
Boris touched Melissa and caressed her.
Boris touched the handle and his hand got burnt.
Boris trains hard every day to win the fighting competition.
Boris transferred universities the next year.
Boris traveled from southern Algeria to Algiers.
Boris traveled in a truck with a woman.
Boris traveled in the direction of Mars.
Boris traveled to the island.
Boris travels by wormhole.
Boris travels long distances.
Boris traversed the woods in the dark.
Boris tried to be as quiet as he could as he unzipped his tent.
Boris tried to call Rima.
Boris tried to catch some catfish.
Boris tried to convince his kids to sleep in his tent with him.
Boris tried to dial for help.
Boris tried to dial the number.
Boris tried to downplay the situation as much as possible.
Boris tried to fight the soldier.
Boris tried to get the soldier from behind.
Boris tried to hide in a market.
Boris tried to learn Berber really well.
Boris tried to learn self-defense.
Boris tried to leave that life behind.
Boris tried to maintain order in the group.
Boris tried to run.
Boris tried to shoot the German Shepherd, too.
Boris tried to steal a machine gun from a dead soldier.
Boris turned Rima down.
Boris turned and walked casually towards his house.
Boris turned himself in.
Boris turned to face the door.
Boris understood the visions.
Boris underwent intensive training.
Boris used Rima to make Skura jealous.
Boris used his medical skills to save Melissa's life.
Boris used that backyard for growing weed.
Boris used the bike the go after the truck.
Boris used to fish all the time.
Boris vanished, too.
Boris visited his relatives in Algeria for the first time.
Boris visited the market every month.
Boris volunteered in Melissa's place.
Boris voted for Rima, too.
Boris waited for Melissa for forty minutes.
Boris waited for dinner to cook.
Boris waited for reinforcements.
Boris waited until the last truck passed.
Boris walked back to his truck as fast as he could.
Boris walked for a little while.
Boris walked into a diner.
Boris wanted revenge for what Melissa had done to him.
Boris wanted to clear that up.
Boris wanted to climb that mountain.
Boris wanted to earn a lot of money.
Boris wanted to get away from his normal life.
Boris wanted to make the game a challenge.
Boris wanted to ruin Rima’s life.
Boris wanted to tell Rima something, too.
Boris wanted to tell Rima something.
Boris wanted to use the canoe.
Boris wants to be popular.
Boris wants to become an English teacher. To do that, he first has to do some training.
Boris wants to join Rima in Algeria to live a better life.
Boris wants to live a perfect life.
Boris wants to move to Mars.
Boris wants to travel to Mars.
Boris wants to use the phone now.
Boris wants to visit Mars.
Boris was a grumpy man.
Boris was a legendary hitman.
Boris was a loser.
Boris was a successful entrepreneur.
Boris was a week away from turning fourteen years old.
Boris was abandoned as a child.
Boris was able to drive away from that area.
Boris was able to find Melissa after about five minutes of searching.
Boris was able to turn the situation around and kill Melissa.
Boris was aboard the RV.
Boris was about half a mile away.
Boris was already out of the door.
Boris was always home at night.
Boris was apparently crazy.
Boris was astonished by the results.
Boris was at the cemetery, looking for Rima’s grave.
Boris was away from any house lights.
Boris was back there, watching Melissa.
Boris was behind the glass.
Boris was being dragged by a man.
Boris was being hunted by Melissa and her men.
Boris was bragging to everyone that he had seen a ghost.
Boris was busy teaching Melissa how to make arrows.
Boris was calling his brother's name.
Boris was catching up on pop culture.
Boris was close to his home.
Boris was controlling the boat.
Boris was deemed unworthy of assuming the title of king.
Boris was defeated by a fighter who came from another village.
Boris was delighted.
Boris was determined to make his mother proud.
Boris was done translating the message.
Boris was drawn to one of the female dancers on the stage.
Boris was dressed in a cowboy suit.
Boris was driving down a narrow private road.
Boris was driving down a side road.
Boris was driving on a narrow semi-private road.
Boris was driving on the main road.
Boris was eating pistachios.
Boris was enjoying being out there, in the woods.
Boris was entranced by the UFO.
Boris was extremely perplexed.
Boris was far more religious than Melissa.
Boris was frozen in place in fear.
Boris was gaming with his friend.
Boris was getting nervous.
Boris was getting ready to go for a swim.
Boris was getting ready to leave his place.
Boris was going to the convention center.
Boris was gracious enough to drive to Algiers to pick Melissa up.
Boris was grunting.
Boris was hanging out with popular girls.
Boris was haunted by his past.
Boris was helping his dad cook dinner.
Boris was holding a large stick in his hand.
Boris was honking his horn.
Boris was hysterical on the phone.
Boris was immediately woke up by barking.
Boris was impressed by Melissa's skills.
Boris was in an orange jumpsuit.
Boris was in disbelief.
Boris was in need of work.
Boris was in the financial department of a small company.
Boris was in the middle of the forest.
Boris was invited to a party that he couldn’t miss.
Boris was involved in human trafficking.
Boris was just killing some time before he had to go home.
Boris was kind and compassionate towards the poor.
Boris was left with no credit or job prospects.
Boris was loading a shotgun.
Boris was looking down at the ground.
Boris was looking for that cemetery.
Boris was loudly flirting with Rima.
Boris was lucky to make it out of the woods unharmed.
Boris was making a lot of noise.
Boris was making out with a lady.
Boris was not intoxicated in any way on that night.
Boris was on his way back to the motel.
Boris was on his way home.
Boris was on the right track.
Boris was on tour.
Boris was one of the mercenaries.
Boris was only a couple of miles from the mountain's summit.
Boris was out of his cell.
Boris was overwhelmed by grief, too.
Boris was passing by Melissa's campsite for some reason.
Boris was peeking through the window.
Boris was planning on going into town the following morning.
Boris was practising martial arts by the river.
Boris was questioned by an agent named Walid.
Boris was quick to pick up on the danger.
Boris was quickly shot dead by one of the armed women.
Boris was quite impressed by Rima’s stamp collection.
Boris was raised and trained as a warrior.
Boris was raving like a mad man.
Boris was reading from his copy of the Quran.
Boris was ready to carry out his orders.
Boris was really into motorcross biking.
Boris was really lucky to make it out of that river alive.
Boris was riding to his death.
Boris was ripped into the water by a crocodile.
Boris was roasting marshmallows and telling us stories.
Boris was roasting marshmallows by the fire.
Boris was roughly fourteen kilometers away.
Boris was scary and dangerous.
Boris was seen jumping off a cliff.
Boris was selling vintage things.
Boris was shaken by the experience.
Boris was sitting behind his desk.
Boris was sitting there, in the night.
Boris was spending his last week in Algeria in Bejaia.
Boris was spinning around in his chair.
Boris was standing down the trail, away from Melissa.
Boris was standing guard.
Boris was standing in front of the truck.
Boris was standing in the middle of the clearing.
Boris was standing outside of Melissa's tent.
Boris was staring at that creature absolutely in awe.
Boris was still holding his rifle.
Boris was still wearing a helmet.
Boris was stranded on the island.
Boris was struck by the sheer beauty of the place.
Boris was struck with fear.
Boris was struggling to make ends meet.
Boris was stunned and speechless.
Boris was sure that he left the door open.
Boris was surprised that Melissa would dare to target him, given their history.
Boris was surrounded by the open ocean.
Boris was taken to Algiers where he was buried.
Boris was taking a lift home.
Boris was taking a shower.
Boris was taking pictures of the bridge.
Boris was taking slow deliberate steps.
Boris was talking to a correctional officer.
Boris was talking to the fisherman captaining the boat.
Boris was tall and muscular with a gray beard.
Boris was targeted by a sniper.
Boris was the king's adopted son.
Boris was the leader of a local mafia syndicate.
Boris was the only heir to Melissa.
Boris was the problematic person in that relationship.
Boris was the seeker.
Boris was tied up in front of the vehicle.
Boris was too far away.
Boris was too scared to stay in the area.
Boris was too tired to keep going.
Boris was truly afraid for his life.
Boris was trying not to fall asleep.
Boris was trying to keep as much distance between him and that truck as possible.
Boris was very influencial in the village.
Boris was very interested in learning martial arts.
Boris was very obedient to Buddhist teachings.
Boris was visibly shocked.
Boris was walking along the lake.
Boris was walking around upstairs.
Boris was walking down the narrow hallway.
Boris was walking through the jungle.
Boris was walking up to Melissa's tent.
Boris was wearing a conservative uniform.
Boris was wearing a diamond ring.
Boris was wearing a huge ring.
Boris was willing to buy the truck anyways.
Boris was willing to give Melissa a discount.
Boris was with five other friends.
Boris was working on a laptop nearby.
Boris was wounded in battle.
Boris wasn't a very good fisher.
Boris wasn't even wearing shoes.
Boris wasn't paying attention to his surroundings.
Boris wasn't sure if the creature knew he was there or not.
Boris wasn’t living the perfect life anymore.
Boris wasted no time in subduing the intruder.
Boris watched with horror.
Boris wears glasses.
Boris went back into his room.
Boris went back to his room.
Boris went back to the RV.
Boris went back to the abandoned mosque and broke in.
Boris went camping with his friends.
Boris went into the woods by himself.
Boris went on a family camping trip to the Blida Atlas.
Boris went on annual camping trips.
Boris went on another hike to go see the waterfalls.
Boris went outside with the police.
Boris went over to talk to Rima.
Boris went to a party the next town over.
Boris went to another village.
Boris went to bed early.
Boris went to do that.
Boris went to put the pizza in the microwave.
Boris went to the cabin to investigates.
Boris went to the cafeteria to gather support.
Boris went to the farthest location of the running trail.
Boris will cancel his vacation trip.
Boris will explain everything on the way.
Boris will explain that later.
Boris will get a better payoff.
Boris will have to sacrifice his own life.
Boris will kick Melissa out of the house.
Boris will never forget the look in Melissa's eyes.
Boris will never go camping in that area again.
Boris will never know the answers to these questions.
Boris wished he went to college.
Boris withdrew from the competition.
Boris woke up at a quarter to five am.
Boris woke up early to feed his sheep.
Boris woke up from a five-year long coma.
Boris woke up gasping.
Boris woke up his wife and told her that they needed to leave immediately.
Boris woke up next to Rima.
Boris worked as a show actor.
Boris worked at a Target store from 8 am to 5 pm.
Boris works as a demonologist for a religious order.
Boris works as a librarian.
Boris wouldn’t hurt anyone.
Boris wrote Melissa's name in dust.
Boris yelled for Melissa not to go near the water.
Boris's Chow barks all the time at the attic.
Boris's German Shepherd slept on top of him.
Boris's German Shepherd was staring at the darkness and growling.
Boris's German Shepherd was still waiting beside him.
Boris's German Shepherd was wounded, but still alive.
Boris's German Shepherds were barking their absolute heads off.
Boris's adventure took a dangerous turn.
Boris's boat got damaged.
Boris's building was heavily guarded.
Boris's cabin was near a lake.
Boris's cabin was really isolated.
Boris's camping trips would typically last four days.
Boris's demeanor made Melissa nervous and scared.
Boris's dog hasn't stopped growling.
Boris's eyes sprang open as he heard the sound of footsteps outside his tent.
Boris's eyes were really creepy.
Boris's favorite chicken was killed by a stray dog.
Boris's first night at the motel wasn't bad at all.
Boris's five-year-old daughter hadn't been taught how to swim yet.
Boris's friends were yelling to him to come on.
Boris's heart dropped to his butt.
Boris's heart was pounding out of his chest.
Boris's house is almost two hours away from the nearest town.
Boris's house was near a huge stretch of woods.
Boris's house was surrounded by seemingly endless trees.
Boris's job doesn't really pay that well.
Boris's men terrorized the villagers.
Boris's punches and kicks were absolutely vicious.
Boris's restaurant is located at the end of the road.
Boris's sedan was still there.
Boris's ship has just undergone repairs.
Boris's sister is a medium. A good one at that.
Boris's story started to become so disturbing.
Boris's tour got canceled.
Boris's troubles were far from over.
Boris's true identity was a real mystery.
Boris's warning came a bit too late.
Boris’s UFO crashed in the middle of a field in Algeria.
Boris’s backpack was shaped like an alien’s head.
Boris’s bird isn’t there anymore.
Boris’s car tumbled several times.
Boris’s cat was scratching the door.
Boris’s phone rang.
Boris’s picture appeared on Rima’s Instagram.
Boris’s room was full of gifts from everyone.
Boris’s speech inspired some people.
Boris’s town almost got destroyed.
Boris’s trip to Algeria was a dream come true.
Borja's friend works in a travel agency.
Born and bred on Poland's soil, son of a French father and a Polish mother, Frédéric Chopin (1809–1849) combined within himself two natures, each complementing the other, both uniting to form a personality not understood by every casual observer.
Born and raised in China, Xu said emojis have helped him build many meaningful friendships with students from diverse cultures.
Born bad or made bad?
Born in 1939 to parents who ran a gasoline station, Mr. Howard trained as a solicitor.
Born in Algeria, Yanni speaks with a heavy Kabyle accent of his birthplace.
Born in America, Taro speaks good English.
Born in Athens in 1956.
Born in England, he speaks British English.
Born in Japan, I make it a rule to have rice at dinner.
Born in New York City, December 17, 1824, of English and German ancestry, son of a Universalist Minister who was compelled to struggle along on a very meager salary, the lad felt very early in life labor's stern discipline.
Born in New York to poor Jewish parents, Friedman displayed brilliance in mathematics at a young age, winning a scholarship to Rutgers University in neighboring New Jersey.
Born in Sydney, he is known as the ‘godfather of coral’ because he has discovered so many different species.
Born in Washington, D.C., Abdullah dreamed of competing in the Olympics as a kid, but he never thought it was possible until he was a college rower.
Born in a lab without an actual mother, she was a test-tube baby.
Born in a poor family, he is anxious for wealth.
Born in a rich family, he would have studied in England.
Born in better times, he would have become a great scholar.
Born in better times, he would have become famous.
Born in the Philippines, I had the nickname Nonong, as my family intuitively knew that Orientalism imbued me from childhood. I grew up with the official name Victor like an Occidental in Batangas, Quezon City, and Lulu Island. Though I was nominally a Roman Catholic at birth, Buddha statues and wild bison attracted me as a child. Today, I am a Syncretist, but chiefly a Buddhist-Animist, and I believe in Science. I know that Buddhism is an advanced psychology and that biology can explain Animism. Of Buddhist kinds, I have encountered Zen from Japanese, Theravāda from Thais, and Pure Land from Chinese. Red Indians, Shintoists, Daoists, Oz Aborigines, Eskimos, Pacific Islanders, and other indigenous peoples have imbued my Animistic thoughts.
Born in the Philippines, my maternal grandmother couldn't speak good English, as for "Charleston Heston," she would pronounce "Char-less-ton Heston." Meanwhile, my paternal grandmother was the proud head of the English Department of a high school in Batangas, Philippines.
Born in the time of The Beatles, my generation in the Philippines was the product of more nationalism and less Americanization than what my parents experienced, born during the Swing and Big Band music era. It was in 1937 that the Philippine government adopted Tagalog, an Austronesian language, as the basis of the national language. Filipinos born during the time of "King of Pop" Michael Jackson had much more Tagalog indoctrination, and television shows, anime, and cinema became more Tagalog. Later Filipinos born during the reign of Lady Gaga became more exposed to the Internet, where English was ubiquitous. With floodgates open, the archipelagic nation once again became inundated with the colonial language. It still seemed though that the reading habit was not for the majority because most books there were in English, which the elite gobbled up. The Philippines was a country of about 200 native Austronesian languages, whose ancient origin was Taiwan. What school children learned was Tagalog (alias Filipino) and English, but Taglish, the patois of code-switching between the two languages, was the de facto oral-aural lingua franca in the islands. English was the main written language.
Born on 2006 Feb 23, at 2730g, our family’s treasure.
Born on April 4, 2004 in Algeria, Miroslav was Anna's only son.
Born on February 23, 2006, at 2730 g, she is our family's treasure.
Bornean orangutans, a critically endangered species, give birth approximately every eight years.
Borneo is the third largest island in the world.
Boron is formed by cosmic ray spallation.
Boron was first isolated from borax.
Borrelli said a plan is in place to house people who have contracted the virus and for those in quarantine.
Borrow and return, then you can borrow again. Borrow and don't return, and then the borrowing gets difficult.
Borrow and return, then you can borrow again. Borrow and don’t return, and then the borrowing gets difficult.
Borrow his thoughts.
Borrowed gold becomes lead when they demand it back.
Borrowed wisdom won't cut it.
Borrower Kevin J. Rosenberg, 46, of Beacon, N.Y., asked the court to forgive his student debt because repaying the loans was impossible and created an undue hardship, the legal test of whether a debtor should be forgiven.
Borrowing money costs money.
Borscht is often garnished with dill and sour cream.
Borscht is often served with dill and sour cream.
Borscht tastes better than it sounds.
Bose-Einstein condensates provide a unique window into the strange world of quantum mechanics, which governs the universe at very small scales.
Boseman is an old trapper.
Bosnia and Herzegovina is called "Bosna i Hercegovina" in Bosnian.
Bosnia is a beautiful country.
Boss makes a dollar, I make a dime. That's why I poop on company time.
Bosses are people, too.
Bossman wants to see you.
Boston Dynamic's robot, RHex, is an amazing piece of work that can run over various terrains.
Boston Dynamics created a robot that can even run.
Boston Dynamic’s robot, RHex, is an amazing piece of work that can run over various terrains.
Boston University's fitness and recreation center has basketball and volleyball courts, a rock-climbing wall, an Olympic-sized pool, an indoor running track and locker rooms with showers.
Boston has a lot to offer.
Boston has a subway.
Boston has changed a lot since the last time I was here.
Boston has changed a lot.
Boston has grown rapidly in the last ten years.
Boston has many beautiful parks.
Boston has many good restaurants.
Boston is Tom's favorite city.
Boston is Tom's home.
Boston is Tom's longtime home.
Boston is a beautiful city.
Boston is a big city.
Boston is a city worth visiting.
Boston is a dangerous city.
Boston is a fascinating city.
Boston is a fascinating place.
Boston is a good city. I would like to come visit again.
Boston is a good place for doing that.
Boston is a good place to do that.
Boston is a good place to live.
Boston is a great city.
Boston is a great place to live.
Boston is a great place to raise a family.
Boston is a great place to raise children.
Boston is a great place to raise kids.
Boston is a great place to visit, but I wouldn't want to live there.
Boston is a great place to visit.
Boston is a great town.
Boston is a large city.
Boston is a long way from Chicago.
Boston is a long way from here.
Boston is a long ways from here.
Boston is a lot different from other cities I've lived in.
Boston is a lot like Chicago.
Boston is a mecca for lobster lovers.
Boston is a nice city.
Boston is a nice place to live.
Boston is a nice place to visit, but I wouldn't want to live there.
Boston is a nice place, isn't it?
Boston is a nice place.
Boston is a place I'd love to go.
Boston is a really beautiful place.
Boston is a really hard place to live.
Boston is a really nice place to live.
Boston is a relatively opulent city.
Boston is a sanctuary city.
Boston is a very beautiful city.
Boston is a very exciting place.
Boston is a very expensive place to live.
Boston is a very nice place to live.
Boston is a wonderful city.
Boston is a wonderful place to live.
Boston is a wonderful place.
Boston is about 300 miles from here.
Boston is about a three-hour drive from here.
Boston is almost three hours from here.
Boston is amazing.
Boston is an amazing place.
Boston is an interesting city.
Boston is beautiful at night.
Boston is beautiful at this time of year.
Boston is beautiful this time of year.
Boston is beautiful.
Boston is better than Chicago.
Boston is boring.
Boston is changing.
Boston is closer than you think it is.
Boston is cold for me, unlike Chicago.
Boston is far from here.
Boston is farther from Chicago than New York.
Boston is going to win.
Boston is great.
Boston is humid today.
Boston is in South Australia, I think.
Boston is in the Neponset River watershed.
Boston is just one of the cities I visited last year.
Boston is like my second home.
Boston is lovely this time of the year.
Boston is lovely this time of year.
Boston is more beautiful than what I had imagined.
Boston is much closer to here than Chicago is.
Boston is much closer to here than Chicago.
Boston is my destination.
Boston is my favorite city.
Boston is my home now.
Boston is my home.
Boston is my hometown.
Boston is my second home.
Boston is no longer the city it used to be.
Boston is not at all like Chicago.
Boston is on my list of places that I'd like to visit.
Boston is one of my favorite cities.
Boston is one of the busiest cities in the United States.
Boston is one of the cities I visited last year.
Boston is one of the cities that I really want to visit.
Boston is one of the largest cities I've ever been to.
Boston is one of the largest cities I've ever visited.
Boston is one of the most beautiful cities in the world and many people want to visit it.
Boston is one of the most interesting cities I've ever visited.
Boston is one of the places I visited last summer.
Boston is one of the places I want to visit.
Boston is our home now.
Boston is our home.
Boston is our second home.
Boston is overrated.
Boston is pretty far away from here.
Boston is pretty far away.
Boston is still a long way from here.
Boston is sure a great place to live.
Boston is the best place to live.
Boston is the best!
Boston is the capital of Massachusetts.
Boston is the city I want to visit next.
Boston is the city I will be moving to.
Boston is the city that I like best.
Boston is the city where I was born.
Boston is the kind of place I want to live.
Boston is the largest city I've ever been to.
Boston is the largest city I've ever visited.
Boston is the last stop.
Boston is the most interesting city I've ever visited.
Boston is the only city Tom has ever lived in.
Boston is the only place Tom has ever lived.
Boston is the only place where I've ever felt at home.
Boston is the place I want to be.
Boston is the place to be, right?
Boston is too cold for me, let alone Chicago.
Boston is very beautiful.
Boston is very different from Chicago.
Boston is very far, isn't it?
Boston is very important.
Boston is where I grew up.
Boston is where I want to be.
Boston is where I want to go.
Boston is where I want to live.
Boston is where I'm from.
Boston is where Tom and Mary met.
Boston is where Tom belongs.
Boston is where it all began.
Boston is wonderful.
Boston is worth seeing.
Boston is worth visiting more than once.
Boston is worth visiting.
Boston isn't all that far away.
Boston isn't at all like Chicago.
Boston isn't big enough for the both of us.
Boston isn't cold now.
Boston isn't far from here.
Boston isn't far.
Boston isn't like other cities.
Boston isn't that far away.
Boston isn’t far away, is it?
Boston ivy is Ziri's nemesis.
Boston messes with my head.
Boston must be cold now.
Boston seems to be the place to be.
Boston somewhat similar to Chicago.
Boston sounds like a great place to grow up.
Boston was a great place to grow up.
Boston was a lot colder than I expected.
Boston was a lot of fun.
Boston was a nice place to grow up.
Boston was fantastic.
Boston was our first stop.
Boston was really wonderful.
Boston was voted the best place to live in America.
Boston was where it all began.
Boston wasn't built over night.
Boston wasn't cold when I was there.
Boston wasn't cold when Tom and I were there.
Boston wasn't what I had expected.
Boston wasn't where we met.
Boston will be my first destination.
Boston will host the Boston Marathon on Monday.
Boston's noon is Japan's late night.
Boston's only 60 miles away. We're making great time.
Boston, please get out now and vote for Tom Jackson for Congress, a really big deal for our country!
Boston-area farmer Jake Ferreira has brought her a cooler packed with fresh, prepared meals, along with baby arugula, pesto, asparagus with spring garlic, and homemade cheese.
Bostonians love their city.
Botafogo has won the Brazilian League Trophy.
Botany deals with the study of plants.
Botany is an applied science.
Botany is the art of drying out plants with pieces of paper and insulting them in Greek and Latin.
Botany is the scientific study of plants.
Botched English is fun to read. It reminds me that I'm not the only one who makes mistakes.
Both "Milky Way" and "galaxy" are terms that, in Latin and Greek respectively, are associated with milk.
Both "income" and "advice" have issues when they are translated into Spanish.
Both 2 and 4 are even numbers.
Both Algeria and Tunisia are located in North Africa.
Both Arabic and Berber are official languages in Algeria.
Both BAL teams looked very strong on Tuesday when they routed their opponents in Cairo.
Both Bill and Mac are crazy about computers.
Both Canada and Mexico border on the United States.
Both Carlos and Melissa committed adultery.
Both China and Singapore, which employed very strict medical, social and political measures have seen dramatic declines in coronavirus cases and deaths.
Both Cyprian and Valerian gave as the reason for their continued bachelorhood, the fact that they were too comfortable as bachelors and had never felt the need of a wife.
Both Dan and Linda are my friends.
Both Dan and Linda thanked Matt.
Both Decadence and Aestheticism, as intellectual movements, have fallen into the nadir of oblivion, and the dust lies heavy upon them, but they left a little leaven to lighten the heavy inertness of correct and academic literature; and now Symbolism, a greater movement than either, is in the ascendant, giving another turn to the wheel, and to all who think deeply about such matters it seems as though Symbolist literature is to be the literature of the future.
Both English "are" and Danish "er" come from Old Norse "eru."
Both Fadil and Layla continued to climb their respective career ladders.
Both French and English are spoken in Canada.
Both French and Spanish are mother tongues of Conchita.
Both Fyodor and Rima died.
Both Greece and Croatia are amazing!
Both Hezbollah and Hamas attacked Israel.
Both Igor and Anna froze in shock.
Both Ilhan and Rashida strongly oppose all forms of racism, tribal quarrels and racial hatred, whether Islamophobia, anti-Semitism or the xenophobic detention and deportation of asylum-seekers.
Both Indian and Pakistan-controlled areas of Kashmir observe July 13 as "Martyr's Day."
Both Iran and Israel have a lot of missiles.
Both John's dogs get on well with his cat.
Both João and I could have sworn to have seen a strange object dancing in the air.
Both Ken and Meg are my friends.
Both Ken's mother and her friend will arrive at the airport soon.
Both Ken’s mother and her friend will arrive at the airport soon.
Both Magdalena and Ania are from Poland.
Both Mary and Alice are Tom's ex-girlfriends.
Both Mary and Alice are very beautiful girls.
Both Mary and Alice are very beautiful women.
Both Mary and Alice are very pretty.
Both Mary and Alice have very long hair.
Both Mary and Alice were wearing short skirts and high heels.
Both Mary and Alice were wearing skirts.
Both Mary and I like Australia.
Both Mary and I like swimming.
Both Mary and Julia are blind.
Both Mary and Tom despise school.
Both Matt and Rita are my co-workers.
Both Miss Stoner and I gazed at him in astonishment.
Both Nancy and Jane were absent from school.
Both Pietro and Rima are spies.
Both Piotr and Lech are from Poland.
Both R. Carlos Nakai and Keola Beamer are well known for perpetuating musical traditions within their respective cultures.
Both Tom and Bill are playing tennis now.
Both Tom and I agree with Mary.
Both Tom and I agree with you.
Both Tom and I agreed.
Both Tom and I almost died in the accident.
Both Tom and I almost drowned.
Both Tom and I are Canadians.
Both Tom and I are a little busy right now.
Both Tom and I are a little busy.
Both Tom and I are able to speak French.
Both Tom and I are alcoholics.
Both Tom and I are ambitious.
Both Tom and I are angry.
Both Tom and I are artists.
Both Tom and I are awake.
Both Tom and I are blind.
Both Tom and I are busy right now.
Both Tom and I are busy today.
Both Tom and I are busy.
Both Tom and I are carpenters.
Both Tom and I are college students.
Both Tom and I are conservative.
Both Tom and I are doing fine.
Both Tom and I are drinking the same thing.
Both Tom and I are drunk.
Both Tom and I are exhausted.
Both Tom and I are from Australia.
Both Tom and I are from Boston.
Both Tom and I are full-time students.
Both Tom and I are going.
Both Tom and I are good at French.
Both Tom and I are good swimmers.
Both Tom and I are happy to help.
Both Tom and I are happy.
Both Tom and I are high school students.
Both Tom and I are horrible liars.
Both Tom and I are hungry.
Both Tom and I are in Boston.
Both Tom and I are in a hurry.
Both Tom and I are in the hospital.
Both Tom and I are lawyers.
Both Tom and I are married, but not to each other.
Both Tom and I are members of that club.
Both Tom and I are music majors.
Both Tom and I are nervous.
Both Tom and I are nonsmokers.
Both Tom and I are old enough to know better.
Both Tom and I are older than Mary.
Both Tom and I are on the same team.
Both Tom and I are painters.
Both Tom and I are professional musicians.
Both Tom and I are professors.
Both Tom and I are ready.
Both Tom and I are reporters.
Both Tom and I are rich.
Both Tom and I are scared.
Both Tom and I are single.
Both Tom and I are sorry.
Both Tom and I are still high school students.
Both Tom and I are still single.
Both Tom and I are still studying French.
Both Tom and I are still under thirty.
Both Tom and I are students.
Both Tom and I are teachers.
Both Tom and I are therapists.
Both Tom and I are thirty years old.
Both Tom and I are thirty.
Both Tom and I are tired.
Both Tom and I are to blame.
Both Tom and I are unhappy.
Both Tom and I are unmarried.
Both Tom and I are vegetarians.
Both Tom and I are very busy.
Both Tom and I are very conservative.
Both Tom and I are very excited.
Both Tom and I are very happy.
Both Tom and I are very proud of you.
Both Tom and I are very tired.
Both Tom and I are wearing black today.
Both Tom and I are wearing sunglasses.
Both Tom and I are wrong.
Both Tom and I aren't busy.
Both Tom and I aren't hungry.
Both Tom and I came to Boston when we were children.
Both Tom and I can do that quite well.
Both Tom and I can drive.
Both Tom and I can play chess quite well.
Both Tom and I can sing quite well.
Both Tom and I can speak French.
Both Tom and I can swim quite well.
Both Tom and I can't do that.
Both Tom and I can't speak French.
Both Tom and I can't swim.
Both Tom and I come from dysfunctional families.
Both Tom and I covered our eyes.
Both Tom and I did that.
Both Tom and I didn't do that.
Both Tom and I didn't go to yesterday's meeting.
Both Tom and I didn't say a thing.
Both Tom and I didn't want to do that.
Both Tom and I do that.
Both Tom and I do this.
Both Tom and I don't know how to drive.
Both Tom and I don't know how to speak French.
Both Tom and I don't like Mary.
Both Tom and I don't speak French very well.
Both Tom and I don't speak French.
Both Tom and I don't understand French at all.
Both Tom and I drew our guns.
Both Tom and I drink too much coffee.
Both Tom and I enjoy playing volleyball.
Both Tom and I enjoy watching horror movies.
Both Tom and I enjoyed that movie.
Both Tom and I failed the exam.
Both Tom and I feel the same way about that.
Both Tom and I glanced at Mary.
Both Tom and I got in the car.
Both Tom and I got out of the car.
Both Tom and I grew up in Australia.
Both Tom and I grew up in Boston.
Both Tom and I had no idea what Mary was talking about.
Both Tom and I had to do that.
Both Tom and I have Canadian spouses.
Both Tom and I have Canadian wives.
Both Tom and I have already tried that.
Both Tom and I have beards.
Both Tom and I have black hair.
Both Tom and I have dark hair.
Both Tom and I have daughters.
Both Tom and I have dogs.
Both Tom and I have new bicycles.
Both Tom and I have one of those.
Both Tom and I have ponytails.
Both Tom and I have quite a few friends.
Both Tom and I have the flu.
Both Tom and I have very few friends.
Both Tom and I haven't done that yet.
Both Tom and I haven't done that.
Both Tom and I haven't yet done that.
Both Tom and I just stared at Mary.
Both Tom and I kept quiet.
Both Tom and I kept silent.
Both Tom and I know Mary.
Both Tom and I know how to swim.
Both Tom and I know that you did that.
Both Tom and I know that.
Both Tom and I know the truth.
Both Tom and I know you did that.
Both Tom and I laughed.
Both Tom and I left Australia in 2013.
Both Tom and I left Australia in the same year.
Both Tom and I left at the same time.
Both Tom and I left early.
Both Tom and I left the room at the same time.
Both Tom and I lied to you.
Both Tom and I like Australia.
Both Tom and I like Boston.
Both Tom and I like Korean food.
Both Tom and I like bananas.
Both Tom and I like camping.
Both Tom and I like doing that.
Both Tom and I like jazz.
Both Tom and I like old movies.
Both Tom and I like riding horses.
Both Tom and I like riding motorcycles.
Both Tom and I like sailing.
Both Tom and I like sports.
Both Tom and I like swimming.
Both Tom and I like to cook.
Both Tom and I like to play golf.
Both Tom and I like you a lot.
Both Tom and I live and work in Australia.
Both Tom and I live and work in Boston.
Both Tom and I live in Australia.
Both Tom and I live in Boston.
Both Tom and I live on Park Street.
Both Tom and I looked at Mary.
Both Tom and I love Thai food.
Both Tom and I made mistakes.
Both Tom and I miss you a lot.
Both Tom and I need help.
Both Tom and I need new shoes.
Both Tom and I needed to do that.
Both Tom and I nodded in agreement.
Both Tom and I noticed Mary at the same time.
Both Tom and I only work three days a week.
Both Tom and I ordered the lunch special.
Both Tom and I play the cello.
Both Tom and I prefer watching comedies.
Both Tom and I ran for class president.
Both Tom and I relaxed.
Both Tom and I said no.
Both Tom and I said yes.
Both Tom and I sat back down.
Both Tom and I saw Mary slap John.
Both Tom and I screamed.
Both Tom and I should have done that.
Both Tom and I should have known better.
Both Tom and I should have left earlier.
Both Tom and I should have left early.
Both Tom and I should've done that.
Both Tom and I should've known better.
Both Tom and I should've left earlier.
Both Tom and I should've left early.
Both Tom and I shouted as loudly as we could.
Both Tom and I smiled.
Both Tom and I speak French.
Both Tom and I stared at Mary without saying anything.
Both Tom and I stared at Mary.
Both Tom and I started laughing at the same time.
Both Tom and I started laughing.
Both Tom and I started talking at the same time.
Both Tom and I stood up at the same time.
Both Tom and I stood up.
Both Tom and I stopped eating.
Both Tom and I study French.
Both Tom and I teach French.
Both Tom and I trusted Mary.
Both Tom and I turned around to see what was happening.
Both Tom and I turned around to watch.
Both Tom and I used to live on Park Street.
Both Tom and I voted for Mary.
Both Tom and I want the same thing.
Both Tom and I want to go home.
Both Tom and I want to go to Australia.
Both Tom and I want to go to Boston.
Both Tom and I want to go.
Both Tom and I want to know what happened.
Both Tom and I want to know why that happened.
Both Tom and I want to say something.
Both Tom and I want you to be happy.
Both Tom and I wanted a lot of children.
Both Tom and I wanted to be plumbers.
Both Tom and I wanted to do that.
Both Tom and I wanted to go to Australia with Mary.
Both Tom and I wanted to go to Australia.
Both Tom and I wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
Both Tom and I wanted to go.
Both Tom and I wanted to win.
Both Tom and I were a little confused.
Both Tom and I were absent from school all last week.
Both Tom and I were absent.
Both Tom and I were almost killed.
Both Tom and I were arrested in 2013.
Both Tom and I were arrested.
Both Tom and I were asleep.
Both Tom and I were at John and Mary's wedding.
Both Tom and I were at home last night.
Both Tom and I were at the meeting.
Both Tom and I were born in Australia.
Both Tom and I were born in Boston.
Both Tom and I were busy at that time.
Both Tom and I were busy.
Both Tom and I were confused.
Both Tom and I were crying.
Both Tom and I were disappointed.
Both Tom and I were drunk.
Both Tom and I were exhausted.
Both Tom and I were happy in Australia.
Both Tom and I were happy in Boston.
Both Tom and I were here yesterday.
Both Tom and I were hungry.
Both Tom and I were impressed.
Both Tom and I were in Australia last month.
Both Tom and I were in Australia last week.
Both Tom and I were in Boston last week.
Both Tom and I were in shock.
Both Tom and I were injured.
Both Tom and I were invited.
Both Tom and I were members of that club.
Both Tom and I were pretty busy yesterday.
Both Tom and I were quiet.
Both Tom and I were raised in Boston.
Both Tom and I were right.
Both Tom and I were scared.
Both Tom and I were shocked by what Mary did.
Both Tom and I were shocked.
Both Tom and I were sleepy.
Both Tom and I were surprised.
Both Tom and I were suspects.
Both Tom and I were talking at the same time.
Both Tom and I were there.
Both Tom and I were tired.
Both Tom and I were wearing black coats.
Both Tom and I were wearing rubber gloves.
Both Tom and I were worried.
Both Tom and I were wounded.
Both Tom and I were wrong.
Both Tom and I work at night.
Both Tom and I work eight hours a day.
Both Tom and I work for Mary.
Both Tom and I work only three days a week.
Both Tom and I work.
Both Tom and I'd like that.
Both Tom and I'd like to do that.
Both Tom and I'll be busy this afternoon.
Both Tom and I'll be there.
Both Tom and I've agreed to do that.
Both Tom and I've been to Australia.
Both Tom and I've been to Boston.
Both Tom and I've been very busy.
Both Tom and I've done that.
Both Tom and I've worked in Boston.
Both Tom and John are blind.
Both Tom and John are dating girls named Mary.
Both Tom and John are in love with Mary.
Both Tom and John fell in love with Mary.
Both Tom and John have beards.
Both Tom and John have pretty girlfriends.
Both Tom and John married Canadian women.
Both Tom and John married younger women.
Both Tom and John moved to Australia with their wives.
Both Tom and John said that they were in love with Mary.
Both Tom and John said they didn't want to dance with Mary.
Both Tom and John said they were in love with Mary.
Both Tom and John said they wished they hadn't let Mary kiss them.
Both Tom and John say they've kissed Mary.
Both Tom and John want to go out with Mary.
Both Tom and John wanted to take Mary to the dance.
Both Tom and Mary admitted that they were lonely.
Both Tom and Mary admitted they were lonely.
Both Tom and Mary agree with you.
Both Tom and Mary agreed to do that.
Both Tom and Mary agreed with John.
Both Tom and Mary agreed.
Both Tom and Mary almost died in the accident.
Both Tom and Mary almost drowned.
Both Tom and Mary are Canadians.
Both Tom and Mary are Catholics.
Both Tom and Mary are French teachers.
Both Tom and Mary are OK.
Both Tom and Mary are Republicans.
Both Tom and Mary are a little bit crazy.
Both Tom and Mary are a little busy right now.
Both Tom and Mary are a little busy.
Both Tom and Mary are able to speak French.
Both Tom and Mary are addicts.
Both Tom and Mary are adults now.
Both Tom and Mary are adults.
Both Tom and Mary are afraid of John's dog.
Both Tom and Mary are alcoholics.
Both Tom and Mary are already here.
Both Tom and Mary are ambitious.
Both Tom and Mary are angry.
Both Tom and Mary are architects.
Both Tom and Mary are arrogant.
Both Tom and Mary are artists.
Both Tom and Mary are awake.
Both Tom and Mary are award-winning journalists.
Both Tom and Mary are aware of the risks involved.
Both Tom and Mary are blind.
Both Tom and Mary are busy right now.
Both Tom and Mary are busy today.
Both Tom and Mary are busy.
Both Tom and Mary are carpenters.
Both Tom and Mary are college freshmen.
Both Tom and Mary are college students.
Both Tom and Mary are coming over for lunch.
Both Tom and Mary are conservative.
Both Tom and Mary are crazy.
Both Tom and Mary are crying now.
Both Tom and Mary are dead.
Both Tom and Mary are depressed.
Both Tom and Mary are dirty.
Both Tom and Mary are dog owners.
Both Tom and Mary are doing fine.
Both Tom and Mary are doing well.
Both Tom and Mary are downstairs.
Both Tom and Mary are drinking.
Both Tom and Mary are drunk.
Both Tom and Mary are dying.
Both Tom and Mary are exhausted.
Both Tom and Mary are facing the same way.
Both Tom and Mary are fast asleep.
Both Tom and Mary are fine.
Both Tom and Mary are freelance designers.
Both Tom and Mary are freshers.
Both Tom and Mary are freshmen.
Both Tom and Mary are from Australia.
Both Tom and Mary are from Boston.
Both Tom and Mary are from Canada.
Both Tom and Mary are full-time students.
Both Tom and Mary are going to be there.
Both Tom and Mary are going to do that.
Both Tom and Mary are going to prison.
Both Tom and Mary are going.
Both Tom and Mary are good at French.
Both Tom and Mary are good chess players.
Both Tom and Mary are good cooks.
Both Tom and Mary are good singers.
Both Tom and Mary are graphic designers.
Both Tom and Mary are grinning.
Both Tom and Mary are happy.
Both Tom and Mary are healthy.
Both Tom and Mary are here with me.
Both Tom and Mary are here.
Both Tom and Mary are high school juniors.
Both Tom and Mary are high school students.
Both Tom and Mary are highly motivated.
Both Tom and Mary are hoping nothing bad happens.
Both Tom and Mary are hungry.
Both Tom and Mary are in Australia.
Both Tom and Mary are in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary are in a hurry.
Both Tom and Mary are in really bad shape.
Both Tom and Mary are in shock.
Both Tom and Mary are in the garden.
Both Tom and Mary are in the hospital.
Both Tom and Mary are in the library.
Both Tom and Mary are in the living room, watching television.
Both Tom and Mary are in their early thirties.
Both Tom and Mary are in their late thirties.
Both Tom and Mary are in their thirties.
Both Tom and Mary are insane.
Both Tom and Mary are juniors.
Both Tom and Mary are lawyers.
Both Tom and Mary are learning French.
Both Tom and Mary are left-handed.
Both Tom and Mary are looking down.
Both Tom and Mary are making good money.
Both Tom and Mary are married, but not to each other.
Both Tom and Mary are much thinner than they used to be.
Both Tom and Mary are music majors.
Both Tom and Mary are my friends.
Both Tom and Mary are nervous.
Both Tom and Mary are newspaper reporters.
Both Tom and Mary are nonsmokers.
Both Tom and Mary are old enough to know better.
Both Tom and Mary are older than you.
Both Tom and Mary are out of work.
Both Tom and Mary are over there.
Both Tom and Mary are over thirty.
Both Tom and Mary are particular about what they eat.
Both Tom and Mary are planning to be there tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary are pretty excited.
Both Tom and Mary are pretty good at French.
Both Tom and Mary are pretty good singers.
Both Tom and Mary are professional musicians.
Both Tom and Mary are professionals.
Both Tom and Mary are professors.
Both Tom and Mary are proud of you.
Both Tom and Mary are ready.
Both Tom and Mary are really competitive.
Both Tom and Mary are really tall.
Both Tom and Mary are reporters.
Both Tom and Mary are retired.
Both Tom and Mary are rich.
Both Tom and Mary are safe.
Both Tom and Mary are scared.
Both Tom and Mary are seniors.
Both Tom and Mary are single parents.
Both Tom and Mary are single.
Both Tom and Mary are sitting over there.
Both Tom and Mary are smiling.
Both Tom and Mary are sorry.
Both Tom and Mary are still high school students.
Both Tom and Mary are still in good shape.
Both Tom and Mary are still in the classroom.
Both Tom and Mary are still not married.
Both Tom and Mary are still single.
Both Tom and Mary are still studying French.
Both Tom and Mary are still too young.
Both Tom and Mary are still under thirty.
Both Tom and Mary are students.
Both Tom and Mary are studying French.
Both Tom and Mary are talented.
Both Tom and Mary are tall.
Both Tom and Mary are teachers here.
Both Tom and Mary are teachers.
Both Tom and Mary are teenagers now.
Both Tom and Mary are teenagers.
Both Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
Both Tom and Mary are therapists.
Both Tom and Mary are thirsty.
Both Tom and Mary are thirteen.
Both Tom and Mary are thirty years old.
Both Tom and Mary are thirty.
Both Tom and Mary are tired.
Both Tom and Mary are to blame.
Both Tom and Mary are unemployed.
Both Tom and Mary are unhappy.
Both Tom and Mary are unlikely to do that.
Both Tom and Mary are unlikely to want to do that.
Both Tom and Mary are unmarried.
Both Tom and Mary are upperclassmen.
Both Tom and Mary are upstairs.
Both Tom and Mary are vegetarians.
Both Tom and Mary are very busy.
Both Tom and Mary are very conservative.
Both Tom and Mary are very devoted parents.
Both Tom and Mary are very excited.
Both Tom and Mary are very friendly, aren't they?
Both Tom and Mary are very frightened.
Both Tom and Mary are very fussy about what they eat.
Both Tom and Mary are very good chess players.
Both Tom and Mary are very happy here.
Both Tom and Mary are very happy.
Both Tom and Mary are very healthy.
Both Tom and Mary are very hungry.
Both Tom and Mary are very intelligent.
Both Tom and Mary are very particular about what they eat.
Both Tom and Mary are very picky about what they eat.
Both Tom and Mary are very proud of you.
Both Tom and Mary are very sleepy.
Both Tom and Mary are very smart.
Both Tom and Mary are very tired.
Both Tom and Mary are very upset.
Both Tom and Mary are very worried.
Both Tom and Mary are very young.
Both Tom and Mary are waiting in the lobby.
Both Tom and Mary are wearing black today.
Both Tom and Mary are wearing hats.
Both Tom and Mary are wearing sunglasses.
Both Tom and Mary are well paid.
Both Tom and Mary are wrong.
Both Tom and Mary are young and attractive.
Both Tom and Mary aren't busy.
Both Tom and Mary aren't hungry.
Both Tom and Mary aren't very good at cooking.
Both Tom and Mary aren't very good at speaking French.
Both Tom and Mary asked me to help them write love letters.
Both Tom and Mary ate lunch with us.
Both Tom and Mary began to cry.
Both Tom and Mary began wearing glasses when they were three.
Both Tom and Mary blew their noses.
Both Tom and Mary blushed.
Both Tom and Mary both sophomores.
Both Tom and Mary broke their legs skiing.
Both Tom and Mary broke their legs.
Both Tom and Mary burped.
Both Tom and Mary burst out laughing.
Both Tom and Mary called me.
Both Tom and Mary came to Australia when they were children.
Both Tom and Mary came to Australia when they were kids.
Both Tom and Mary came to Boston when they were children.
Both Tom and Mary came to Boston when they were kids.
Both Tom and Mary can do that quite well.
Both Tom and Mary can do that.
Both Tom and Mary can drive.
Both Tom and Mary can play chess quite well.
Both Tom and Mary can sing quite well.
Both Tom and Mary can speak French better than John can.
Both Tom and Mary can speak French better than John.
Both Tom and Mary can speak French.
Both Tom and Mary can swim quite well.
Both Tom and Mary can swim.
Both Tom and Mary can't be right.
Both Tom and Mary can't drive.
Both Tom and Mary can't speak French.
Both Tom and Mary can't swim.
Both Tom and Mary changed their clothes.
Both Tom and Mary checked their own watches.
Both Tom and Mary chuckled.
Both Tom and Mary complained about John.
Both Tom and Mary complained about the heat.
Both Tom and Mary complained about the noise.
Both Tom and Mary complained about the smell.
Both Tom and Mary complained about the weather.
Both Tom and Mary coughed.
Both Tom and Mary could retire if they wanted to.
Both Tom and Mary covered their mouths.
Both Tom and Mary cut themselves on some broken glass.
Both Tom and Mary decided to enter the contest.
Both Tom and Mary did fairly well on the test they took yesterday.
Both Tom and Mary did really well.
Both Tom and Mary did that again.
Both Tom and Mary did that yesterday.
Both Tom and Mary did that.
Both Tom and Mary did well.
Both Tom and Mary didn't do that yesterday.
Both Tom and Mary didn't do that.
Both Tom and Mary didn't go to school yesterday.
Both Tom and Mary didn't go to yesterday's meeting.
Both Tom and Mary didn't know how to send a fax.
Both Tom and Mary didn't say a thing.
Both Tom and Mary didn't say anything for a long time.
Both Tom and Mary didn't say anything for a while.
Both Tom and Mary didn't want to do that.
Both Tom and Mary didn’t know how to send a fax.
Both Tom and Mary died in the accident.
Both Tom and Mary died in their sleep.
Both Tom and Mary died in their thirties.
Both Tom and Mary died.
Both Tom and Mary do that.
Both Tom and Mary don't have full-time jobs.
Both Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
Both Tom and Mary don't know how to drive.
Both Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Both Tom and Mary don't like John very much.
Both Tom and Mary don't like John.
Both Tom and Mary don't like spinach.
Both Tom and Mary don't speak French very well.
Both Tom and Mary don't speak French.
Both Tom and Mary don't swim very well.
Both Tom and Mary don't understand French at all.
Both Tom and Mary don't want to go to Boston.
Both Tom and Mary drink too much coffee.
Both Tom and Mary drive sports cars.
Both Tom and Mary dye their hair.
Both Tom and Mary dyed their hair brown.
Both Tom and Mary enjoy playing volleyball.
Both Tom and Mary enjoy watching horror movies.
Both Tom and Mary enjoyed the movie.
Both Tom and Mary failed the exam.
Both Tom and Mary feel the same way about that.
Both Tom and Mary fell asleep.
Both Tom and Mary fell off their bicycles.
Both Tom and Mary fell.
Both Tom and Mary felt like outcasts.
Both Tom and Mary found the class boring.
Both Tom and Mary frowned.
Both Tom and Mary giggled.
Both Tom and Mary got here early.
Both Tom and Mary got here late.
Both Tom and Mary got in the car.
Both Tom and Mary got out of the car.
Both Tom and Mary got rich.
Both Tom and Mary got sent to the principal's office for misbehaving in class.
Both Tom and Mary got three weeks' detention.
Both Tom and Mary graduated last year.
Both Tom and Mary grew up in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary grinned.
Both Tom and Mary had the same idea.
Both Tom and Mary had to do that again.
Both Tom and Mary had to do that.
Both Tom and Mary had to sell their cars.
Both Tom and Mary hate John.
Both Tom and Mary hate me.
Both Tom and Mary hate you.
Both Tom and Mary hated it.
Both Tom and Mary hated school.
Both Tom and Mary have Boston addresses, even though they don't live there now.
Both Tom and Mary have Canadian spouses.
Both Tom and Mary have a bicycle.
Both Tom and Mary have a car.
Both Tom and Mary have a dog.
Both Tom and Mary have agreed to do that.
Both Tom and Mary have already eaten.
Both Tom and Mary have already tried that.
Both Tom and Mary have ample personality.
Both Tom and Mary have apparently lived in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary have applied for the job.
Both Tom and Mary have bad reputations.
Both Tom and Mary have been arrested.
Both Tom and Mary have been fired.
Both Tom and Mary have been hurt.
Both Tom and Mary have been released from prison.
Both Tom and Mary have been sentenced to death.
Both Tom and Mary have been singing professionally since they were thirteen.
Both Tom and Mary have been to Boston.
Both Tom and Mary have been very busy all week.
Both Tom and Mary have been very busy.
Both Tom and Mary have been very lucky.
Both Tom and Mary have bikes.
Both Tom and Mary have black hair.
Both Tom and Mary have blue eyes.
Both Tom and Mary have broken their arms.
Both Tom and Mary have cars.
Both Tom and Mary have changed their minds.
Both Tom and Mary have dark hair.
Both Tom and Mary have decided not to do that.
Both Tom and Mary have decided not to help us.
Both Tom and Mary have decided not to leave.
Both Tom and Mary have decided not to move to Boston.
Both Tom and Mary have decided not to resign.
Both Tom and Mary have decided not to stay.
Both Tom and Mary have decided not to study French.
Both Tom and Mary have decided not to walk home.
Both Tom and Mary have decided to do that.
Both Tom and Mary have decided to help us.
Both Tom and Mary have decided to leave.
Both Tom and Mary have decided to move to Boston.
Both Tom and Mary have decided to resign.
Both Tom and Mary have decided to stay.
Both Tom and Mary have decided to study French.
Both Tom and Mary have decided to walk home.
Both Tom and Mary have dogs.
Both Tom and Mary have done that.
Both Tom and Mary have done well.
Both Tom and Mary have dyed their hair.
Both Tom and Mary have finished doing their homework.
Both Tom and Mary have gained weight since I last saw them.
Both Tom and Mary have gotten better at playing the trumpet since I last heard them play.
Both Tom and Mary have known how to do that since they were three.
Both Tom and Mary have left Australia.
Both Tom and Mary have lied to us.
Both Tom and Mary have lied to you.
Both Tom and Mary have long hair.
Both Tom and Mary have lost a lot of weight since the last time I saw them.
Both Tom and Mary have lowered their gaze.
Both Tom and Mary have made sacrifices.
Both Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
Both Tom and Mary have never done that.
Both Tom and Mary have new bicycles.
Both Tom and Mary have played the piano since they were thirteen.
Both Tom and Mary have pleaded not guilty.
Both Tom and Mary have plenty of personality.
Both Tom and Mary have ponytails.
Both Tom and Mary have put on some weight since the last time I saw them.
Both Tom and Mary have quite a few friends.
Both Tom and Mary have read a lot of books in French.
Both Tom and Mary have scars on their wrists from when they tried to commit suicide.
Both Tom and Mary have seen it.
Both Tom and Mary have seen that movie.
Both Tom and Mary have stepmothers.
Both Tom and Mary have the flu.
Both Tom and Mary have the same problem.
Both Tom and Mary have to do that again.
Both Tom and Mary have to do that.
Both Tom and Mary have to go to work.
Both Tom and Mary have to stay in Boston until Monday.
Both Tom and Mary have to study French.
Both Tom and Mary have to wear glasses when they drive.
Both Tom and Mary have tried doing that.
Both Tom and Mary have tried to do that.
Both Tom and Mary have work to do.
Both Tom and Mary have worked in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
Both Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Both Tom and Mary haven't yet done that.
Both Tom and Mary hugged John.
Both Tom and Mary hurt their knees.
Both Tom and Mary joined the army when they were eighteen.
Both Tom and Mary kept quiet.
Both Tom and Mary kept silent.
Both Tom and Mary kissed John goodnight.
Both Tom and Mary knew the risks.
Both Tom and Mary knew you could do that.
Both Tom and Mary know French.
Both Tom and Mary know John did that.
Both Tom and Mary know John is innocent.
Both Tom and Mary know John isn't happy here.
Both Tom and Mary know John lied.
Both Tom and Mary know John was the one who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know John wasn't the one who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know how to do that.
Both Tom and Mary know how to do this.
Both Tom and Mary know how to swim.
Both Tom and Mary know it was John who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know it wasn't John who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know it's too late to do that.
Both Tom and Mary know that isn't likely to happen.
Both Tom and Mary know that isn't true.
Both Tom and Mary know that it wasn't John who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know that that isn't likely to happen.
Both Tom and Mary know that that isn't true.
Both Tom and Mary know that that's a lie.
Both Tom and Mary know that that's not true.
Both Tom and Mary know that that's unlikely to happen.
Both Tom and Mary know that they don't belong here.
Both Tom and Mary know that you don't swim very well.
Both Tom and Mary know that's a lie.
Both Tom and Mary know that's not true.
Both Tom and Mary know that's unlikely to happen.
Both Tom and Mary know that.
Both Tom and Mary know the truth.
Both Tom and Mary know they don't belong here.
Both Tom and Mary know this.
Both Tom and Mary know what John is doing.
Both Tom and Mary know what happened to John.
Both Tom and Mary know what happened.
Both Tom and Mary know what needs to be done.
Both Tom and Mary know what you're doing.
Both Tom and Mary know what'll happen if they do that.
Both Tom and Mary know what'll happen if they don't do what they're supposed to do.
Both Tom and Mary know who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know who we are.
Both Tom and Mary know who you are.
Both Tom and Mary know why I'm here.
Both Tom and Mary know why John is here.
Both Tom and Mary know why John isn't here.
Both Tom and Mary know you don't swim very well.
Both Tom and Mary laughed again.
Both Tom and Mary laughed.
Both Tom and Mary left at the same time.
Both Tom and Mary left early.
Both Tom and Mary left.
Both Tom and Mary lied to us.
Both Tom and Mary lied.
Both Tom and Mary like Boston.
Both Tom and Mary like Korean food.
Both Tom and Mary like bananas.
Both Tom and Mary like camping.
Both Tom and Mary like chocolate ice cream.
Both Tom and Mary like doing that.
Both Tom and Mary like jazz.
Both Tom and Mary like old movies.
Both Tom and Mary like riding horses.
Both Tom and Mary like riding motorcycles.
Both Tom and Mary like sailing.
Both Tom and Mary like seafood.
Both Tom and Mary like swimming.
Both Tom and Mary like to cook.
Both Tom and Mary like to play golf.
Both Tom and Mary like you a lot.
Both Tom and Mary liked the plan.
Both Tom and Mary live and work in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary live in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary live on Park Street.
Both Tom and Mary lived in Australia when they were children.
Both Tom and Mary lived in Australia when they were kids.
Both Tom and Mary lived in Boston when they were children.
Both Tom and Mary lived in Boston when they were kids.
Both Tom and Mary lived in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary look angry.
Both Tom and Mary look disappointed.
Both Tom and Mary look great.
Both Tom and Mary look like they want to say something.
Both Tom and Mary look like they've lost a lot of weight.
Both Tom and Mary look like they've put on a little weight.
Both Tom and Mary look sad.
Both Tom and Mary look very uncomfortable.
Both Tom and Mary looked at John.
Both Tom and Mary looked back at John.
Both Tom and Mary looked down.
Both Tom and Mary looked pretty sick the last time saw I them.
Both Tom and Mary looked pretty sick when I last saw them.
Both Tom and Mary looked ridiculous.
Both Tom and Mary looked sad.
Both Tom and Mary looked upset and disappointed.
Both Tom and Mary lost their jobs.
Both Tom and Mary love Thai food.
Both Tom and Mary love spaghetti.
Both Tom and Mary love you.
Both Tom and Mary lowered their gaze.
Both Tom and Mary made mistakes.
Both Tom and Mary miss you a lot.
Both Tom and Mary miss you.
Both Tom and Mary need help.
Both Tom and Mary need more time.
Both Tom and Mary need new shoes.
Both Tom and Mary need this.
Both Tom and Mary need to be there tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary need to do that.
Both Tom and Mary need to stay in Boston for another three days.
Both Tom and Mary needed money.
Both Tom and Mary needed to do that.
Both Tom and Mary nodded in agreement.
Both Tom and Mary now live in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary only work three days a week.
Both Tom and Mary ordered steak.
Both Tom and Mary ordered the lunch special.
Both Tom and Mary overreacted.
Both Tom and Mary passed away.
Both Tom and Mary plan on doing that.
Both Tom and Mary plan to do that.
Both Tom and Mary plan to go to Boston with us next weekend.
Both Tom and Mary plan to retire when they're 65.
Both Tom and Mary plan to study music in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary play the cello.
Both Tom and Mary played the mandolin when they were younger.
Both Tom and Mary pleaded not guilty.
Both Tom and Mary prefer watching comedies.
Both Tom and Mary pretended nothing had happened.
Both Tom and Mary ran away.
Both Tom and Mary ran for class president.
Both Tom and Mary reached the same conclusion.
Both Tom and Mary reacted.
Both Tom and Mary relaxed.
Both Tom and Mary retired from the company when they turned 65.
Both Tom and Mary retired when they were 65 years old.
Both Tom and Mary retired when they were 65.
Both Tom and Mary said exactly the same thing.
Both Tom and Mary said no.
Both Tom and Mary said that they could make it to the party.
Both Tom and Mary said that they couldn't sleep at all last night.
Both Tom and Mary said that they didn't expect that to happen.
Both Tom and Mary said that they didn't know how to swim.
Both Tom and Mary said that they didn't know what to do.
Both Tom and Mary said that they didn't think it would rain.
Both Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to eat dinner tonight.
Both Tom and Mary said that they had a lot of fun at your party.
Both Tom and Mary said that they had fun at your party.
Both Tom and Mary said that they had to go there tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary said that they might be late tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary said that they might not be at school tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary said that they needed to go home early.
Both Tom and Mary said that they thought that it might rain.
Both Tom and Mary said that they were going to be late.
Both Tom and Mary said that they were very interested in archery.
Both Tom and Mary said that they weren't single.
Both Tom and Mary said that they weren't studying French anymore.
Both Tom and Mary said that they weren't ticklish.
Both Tom and Mary said that.
Both Tom and Mary said they thought it probably wouldn't snow.
Both Tom and Mary said they were hungry.
Both Tom and Mary said they were too young to vote.
Both Tom and Mary said yes.
Both Tom and Mary sat back down.
Both Tom and Mary sat down.
Both Tom and Mary sat in the front of the auditorium.
Both Tom and Mary sat in the front of the classroom.
Both Tom and Mary saw John.
Both Tom and Mary saw it.
Both Tom and Mary saw you.
Both Tom and Mary say they don't think they snore.
Both Tom and Mary say they want to learn how to play the bassoon.
Both Tom and Mary scare me.
Both Tom and Mary screamed.
Both Tom and Mary seemed to be busy.
Both Tom and Mary seemed to be happy.
Both Tom and Mary seemed to be having fun.
Both Tom and Mary seemed to be tired.
Both Tom and Mary set their alarms for 2:30.
Both Tom and Mary should get some sleep.
Both Tom and Mary should go.
Both Tom and Mary should have done that.
Both Tom and Mary should have known better.
Both Tom and Mary should have left earlier.
Both Tom and Mary should have left early.
Both Tom and Mary should have stayed awake.
Both Tom and Mary should've done that.
Both Tom and Mary should've known better.
Both Tom and Mary should've left earlier.
Both Tom and Mary should've left early.
Both Tom and Mary should've stayed awake.
Both Tom and Mary sing quite well.
Both Tom and Mary skipped class.
Both Tom and Mary slipped and fell as they were going down the stairs.
Both Tom and Mary smiled.
Both Tom and Mary smoke.
Both Tom and Mary snickered.
Both Tom and Mary speak French fluently.
Both Tom and Mary speak French.
Both Tom and Mary speak fluent French.
Both Tom and Mary stared at John.
Both Tom and Mary started laughing at me.
Both Tom and Mary started laughing at the same time.
Both Tom and Mary started laughing.
Both Tom and Mary started talking at the same time.
Both Tom and Mary stood up.
Both Tom and Mary stopped eating.
Both Tom and Mary study French.
Both Tom and Mary swayed to the music.
Both Tom and Mary talk in their sleep.
Both Tom and Mary talked to John about that.
Both Tom and Mary talked to me today about that.
Both Tom and Mary teach French.
Both Tom and Mary teach at the same school.
Both Tom and Mary thanked John.
Both Tom and Mary thought you could do that.
Both Tom and Mary told me that they had a dream about John last night.
Both Tom and Mary told me that they wanted to stay single.
Both Tom and Mary told me that they were single.
Both Tom and Mary took risks.
Both Tom and Mary tried doing that.
Both Tom and Mary tried to kiss me, but I didn't let them.
Both Tom and Mary tried to stay awake, but Mary fell asleep.
Both Tom and Mary turned and looked at John.
Both Tom and Mary turned around to see what was happening.
Both Tom and Mary turned around to watch.
Both Tom and Mary turned to look at John.
Both Tom and Mary used to do that when they were younger.
Both Tom and Mary used to live on Park Street.
Both Tom and Mary used to smoke.
Both Tom and Mary want it.
Both Tom and Mary want me to help them with their homework.
Both Tom and Mary want the same thing.
Both Tom and Mary want to do that now.
Both Tom and Mary want to do that.
Both Tom and Mary want to eat steak for dinner.
Both Tom and Mary want to eat strawberry ice cream.
Both Tom and Mary want to go home.
Both Tom and Mary want to go to Boston.
Both Tom and Mary want to go.
Both Tom and Mary want to know what happened.
Both Tom and Mary want to know why that happened.
Both Tom and Mary want to learn how to do that.
Both Tom and Mary want to learn how to fly an airplane.
Both Tom and Mary want to say something.
Both Tom and Mary want to stay in Boston for another week.
Both Tom and Mary want to study French.
Both Tom and Mary wanted to be plumbers.
Both Tom and Mary wanted to do that.
Both Tom and Mary wanted to go.
Both Tom and Mary wanted to visit John in the hospital.
Both Tom and Mary wear glasses.
Both Tom and Mary went home early yesterday.
Both Tom and Mary went to the concert.
Both Tom and Mary were a little confused.
Both Tom and Mary were absent from school all last week.
Both Tom and Mary were absent from school.
Both Tom and Mary were absent today.
Both Tom and Mary were absent.
Both Tom and Mary were afraid of John's dog.
Both Tom and Mary were afraid to jump off the diving board.
Both Tom and Mary were almost killed.
Both Tom and Mary were angry.
Both Tom and Mary were arrested in 2013.
Both Tom and Mary were arrested.
Both Tom and Mary were asleep at that time.
Both Tom and Mary were asleep.
Both Tom and Mary were at home last night.
Both Tom and Mary were at the meeting.
Both Tom and Mary were at the party.
Both Tom and Mary were board members in 2013.
Both Tom and Mary were born in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary were busy at that time.
Both Tom and Mary were busy.
Both Tom and Mary were confused.
Both Tom and Mary were convicted.
Both Tom and Mary were crying.
Both Tom and Mary were dirty.
Both Tom and Mary were disappointed.
Both Tom and Mary were downstairs.
Both Tom and Mary were dressed in black.
Both Tom and Mary were drinking.
Both Tom and Mary were drunk last night when I saw them.
Both Tom and Mary were drunk.
Both Tom and Mary were excited.
Both Tom and Mary were exhausted.
Both Tom and Mary were fast asleep.
Both Tom and Mary were fired because they couldn't be trusted.
Both Tom and Mary were fired.
Both Tom and Mary were grinning.
Both Tom and Mary were happy in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary were here yesterday.
Both Tom and Mary were holding candles.
Both Tom and Mary were hungry.
Both Tom and Mary were impressed.
Both Tom and Mary were in Boston all last summer.
Both Tom and Mary were in Boston last week.
Both Tom and Mary were in shock.
Both Tom and Mary were in the audience.
Both Tom and Mary were in the library.
Both Tom and Mary were in the park.
Both Tom and Mary were in their pajamas.
Both Tom and Mary were injured.
Both Tom and Mary were invited.
Both Tom and Mary were killed.
Both Tom and Mary were late.
Both Tom and Mary were laughing.
Both Tom and Mary were limping.
Both Tom and Mary were making good money.
Both Tom and Mary were naked.
Both Tom and Mary were nominated.
Both Tom and Mary were not at home when we went to visit them.
Both Tom and Mary were overweight when they were teenagers.
Both Tom and Mary were pretty busy this morning.
Both Tom and Mary were pretty busy yesterday.
Both Tom and Mary were punished.
Both Tom and Mary were quiet.
Both Tom and Mary were quite good-looking when they were young.
Both Tom and Mary were raised in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary were ready.
Both Tom and Mary were really drunk.
Both Tom and Mary were rescued.
Both Tom and Mary were right.
Both Tom and Mary were scared.
Both Tom and Mary were screaming.
Both Tom and Mary were sentenced to death.
Both Tom and Mary were shocked.
Both Tom and Mary were sick.
Both Tom and Mary were silent for a long time.
Both Tom and Mary were silent for a while.
Both Tom and Mary were silent.
Both Tom and Mary were single at that time.
Both Tom and Mary were sleepy.
Both Tom and Mary were staring at me.
Both Tom and Mary were surprised.
Both Tom and Mary were talking at the same time.
Both Tom and Mary were there for me.
Both Tom and Mary were there.
Both Tom and Mary were thirsty.
Both Tom and Mary were thirty years old.
Both Tom and Mary were tired.
Both Tom and Mary were too drunk to drive home.
Both Tom and Mary were very hungry.
Both Tom and Mary were very nervous.
Both Tom and Mary were very skinny when they were children.
Both Tom and Mary were very skinny when they were kids.
Both Tom and Mary were very sleepy.
Both Tom and Mary were very thirsty.
Both Tom and Mary were very tired.
Both Tom and Mary were wearing black coats.
Both Tom and Mary were wearing seat belts.
Both Tom and Mary were wearing trench coats.
Both Tom and Mary were worried.
Both Tom and Mary were wounded.
Both Tom and Mary were wrong.
Both Tom and Mary weren't at home when we went to visit them.
Both Tom and Mary weren't feeling well, so they went home.
Both Tom and Mary will be busy this afternoon.
Both Tom and Mary will be here tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary will be there.
Both Tom and Mary will do that tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary will do that.
Both Tom and Mary will eat lunch with us.
Both Tom and Mary will get fired if they don't do that.
Both Tom and Mary will go.
Both Tom and Mary wished that they were still single.
Both Tom and Mary wished they were still single.
Both Tom and Mary won't be allowed to visit their children.
Both Tom and Mary work as models.
Both Tom and Mary work at night.
Both Tom and Mary work eight hours a day.
Both Tom and Mary work full time.
Both Tom and Mary work in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary work only three days a week.
Both Tom and Mary work the night shift.
Both Tom and Mary work.
Both Tom and Mary worked for John.
Both Tom and Mary worked in supermarkets while they were in college.
Both Tom and Mary worked part-time to put themselves through school.
Both Tom and Mary would like that.
Both Tom and Mary would like to do that.
Both Tom and Mary would really like to go to your party.
Both Tom and Mary's personalities are ample.
Both Tom and Mary's resignations were announced Monday.
Both Tom and Vladimir are gay.
Both Tom and his dog died in the fire.
Both Tom and his father were there.
Both Tom and his passenger were injured.
Both Tom and his son have been injured.
Both Tom and his son were injured.
Both Tom and his wife grew up in Australia.
Both Tom and his wife grew up in Boston.
Both Tom and you are wrong.
Both Tom's parents are deaf.
Both Tom's parents are teachers.
Both Tom's parents went to university.
Both Tom's sister and my sister are married.
Both Trump and Netanyahu are rude.
Both U.S. political parties are paid by billionaires to move to the right.
Both US and British companies mined for guano deposits until about 1890.
Both US and British companies mined for guano until about 1890.
Both Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Maia Sandu are corrupt leaders.
Both Yanni and Skura excused themselves.
Both Yanni and Skura laughed.
Both Yanni and Skura made friends.
Both Yanni and Skura were in the mosque.
Both Yanni and Skura were laughing.
Both Yanni and Skura were strangled to death.
Both Yanni and Skura were very arrogant.
Both Yanni and his wife are Kabyle and they are really proud of that.
Both Yanni's mother and grandmother were well educated. His mother is a doctor. His grandmother was a German teacher.
Both Yanni's parents are Algerian immigrants.
Both Ziri and Rima aged.
Both Ziri and Rima are indigenous and were raised in the same state.
Both Ziri and Rima burst out laughing.
Both Ziri and Rima can't sleep without some light on in the house.
Both Ziri and Rima have special powers.
Both Ziri and Rima survived and intact.
Both Ziri and Rima were crying.
Both Ziri and Rima were in the wrong.
Both Ziri and his daughter were on their way to Algiers.
Both Ziri's parents were working late.
Both admit to hitting each other.
Both admitted committing the crime.
Both agreed to my suggestion.
Both air and water are indispensable for life.
Both alternatives are possible.
Both answers are correct.
Both answers are possible.
Both ants and termites live in large colonies.
Both are Republicans.
Both are alive.
Both are classic.
Both are correct.
Both are dystopian.
Both are equally arbitrary.
Both are equally good.
Both are equally plausible.
Both are from Kabylie originally.
Both are girls.
Both are great bands.
Both are great schools.
Both are injured.
Both are my colleagues.
Both are my friends.
Both are possible.
Both are pretty; I don't know which to choose.
Both are suitable.
Both are very important.
Both are young women.
Both are young, both are pretty; but methinks the left-hand lass is the fairer of the twain; and, though she be so serious at this moment, I could swear that there is a treasure of gentle fun within her.
Both armies were placed one in front of the other and spent their days doing nothing.
Both body and spirit are nurtured.
Both boys and girls should take cooking class in school.
Both boys and girls should take home economics.
Both boys got on their bicycles and rode away.
Both boys have autism.
Both boys kept calling Sandra, but she ignored them.
Both boys studied hard.
Both boys were imprisoned.
Both boys were rescued.
Both brothers are musicians.
Both brothers are still alive.
Both brothers left.
Both brothers said that they couldn't support both a wife and an airplane, so they spent their lives as bachelors.
Both brothers wear the same size.
Both brothers were there.
Both buildings burned down.
Both can't be true.
Both candidates are virtually unknown.
Both candidates aren't very well known.
Both cars headed north.
Both cars involved in the accident were completely totaled.
Both cars stopped by the entrance to the bank.
Both cars suffered the ignominy of finishing a lap down.
Both cases were dismissed.
Both charges were withdrawn.
Both children and adults enjoy his books.
Both children are deaf.
Both children were punished.
Both claims are false.
Both commemorations are intended to raise awareness of kidney disease and the importance of prevention and early detection.
Both companies are located in Boston.
Both companies were sold.
Both companies’ shareholders overwhelmingly approved the merger, which analysts say was designed to ensure the survival of both firms.
Both complaints were dismissed.
Both could be true.
Both countries are now at peace.
Both countries entered into peace negotiations.
Both crew members were killed.
Both dad and mom are at home.
Both daughters were adopted.
Both defendants claimed that they were innocent.
Both defendants claimed they were innocent.
Both defendants have long arrest records.
Both dogs are asleep.
Both dogs began barking.
Both drinking and smoking are bad for the health.
Both drinking and smoking are bad for your health.
Both drivers involved in the accident are Boston residents.
Both drugstores had soda fountains.
Both earthworms and leeches belong to the annelids.
Both engines failed.
Both engines gave out.
Both events again attracted large numbers of participants.
Both events are open to the public.
Both explanations are misleading.
Both expressions are correct.
Both eyes are tested at the same time.
Both far-left and far-right German political parties are at their strongest in the former East German states.
Both flowers with the same value.
Both garage doors were open.
Both girls are wearing white suits.
Both girls coughed at the same time.
Both girls have blue eyes.
Both girls laughed.
Both girls plan to go to college.
Both girls started crying.
Both girls started to cry.
Both girls wear white suits.
Both girls were crying.
Both glasses remained untouched.
Both groups were then exposed to dust mites, a leading cause of asthma, a condition marked by lung inflammation, narrowing of the airways and wheezing.
Both guns were unloaded.
Both guys laugh.
Both had had a restless night, the old man due to insomnia, and the young girl due to delicious dreams.
Both hands are labouring the fierce knots to pull; / black gore and slime his sacred wreaths distain. / Loud are his moans.
Both have been criticized.
Both have wheels.
Both he and I are high school students.
Both he and I are members of that club.
Both he and I were able to solve the math problem.
Both he and I were members of that club.
Both he and his sister are invited to the party.
Both he and his wife have cars.
Both her and her husband had their belly buttons pierced.
Both her brothers are teachers.
Both her parents are dead.
Both her parents come from Brazil. She is a daughter of Brazilians.
Both her parents work at the library.
Both her sons died in the war.
Both her sons work abroad.
Both his arms are paralyzed.
Both his brothers are teachers.
Both his father and mother are dead.
Both his grandfathers are dead.
Both his grandparents are dead.
Both his parents accepted Islam.
Both his parents are Muslim.
Both his parents are Muslims.
Both his parents are dead.
Both his parents live in Algeria.
Both his parents wear glasses.
Both his parents were native Berber speakers.
Both his sisters are beautiful.
Both his wife and he like it.
Both houses are white.
Both houses of Congress approved Jefferson's proposal.
Both houses of Congress approved Jefferson’s proposal.
Both in life and after death, he was unknown and ignored.
Both injuries aren't considered serious.
Both kangaroos and opossums are marsupials.
Both leaders should be brought together to bring down the curtain on generations of feuding between the two clans.
Both legs are weak.
Both legs of your flight look good.
Both lifts were out-of-order, so the porter had to struggle up the staircase with the guests' luggage.
Both love and coughs cannot be hidden.
Both male and female giraffes have horns called ossicones.
Both male and female termites can become workers.
Both match.
Both meanings are possible, but the former is the more likely.
Both men and women can join.
Both men and women won the tennis championship.
Both men apologised to each other.
Both men apologized to each other.
Both men died instantly.
Both men drew maps and pictures of what they saw.
Both men drew their guns.
Both men laughed.
Both men looked at each other.
Both men lost their lives.
Both men opposed the war in Vietnam.
Both men quickly drew their guns.
Both men quickly drew their pistols.
Both men quickly drew their weapons.
Both men sitting on the bench were Americans.
Both men took off.
Both men went on to become admirals.
Both men were executed.
Both men were killed.
Both men were rescued.
Both men were shot.
Both mercenaries are dead.
Both methods worked flawlessly.
Both methods worked well.
Both might happen.
Both models can be found in major shopping centers in Bangladesh.
Both mom and dad went to work.
Both motorcyclists were wearing helmets.
Both my Croatian-descent friend Bratislav and Dane-French-descent friend Michael are followers and believers of the Grey Aliens, often associated with close encounters and abduction claims. Bratislav has a UFO kit on his smartphone. (Sometimes, I wonder if Michael has also Amerindian ancestry and Bratislav also Hun.)
Both my brothers are married, but my sisters are all single.
Both my brothers are teachers.
Both my brothers, Filipinos, married brunettes of Anglo-Saxon ancestry.
Both my cats are dead.
Both my classmate and I like it, but I don't know if it's really that popular.
Both my father and I went to the museum for the first time.
Both my father and my brother are fond of gambling.
Both my father and my brother like gambling.
Both my father and my brother work in this factory.
Both my feet are swollen.
Both my grandfather and grandmother are dead.
Both my hands are burnt.
Both my legs are broken.
Both my mom and my dad aren't home right now.
Both my mother and I can cook fairly well.
Both my mother and father are dead.
Both my mother and father are from Boston.
Both my mother and father were born in Boston.
Both my mother and my father are teachers.
Both my parents are Algerian.
Both my parents are Algerians.
Both my parents are Berber teachers.
Both my parents are Muslim converts.
Both my parents are Muslim.
Both my parents are at home now.
Both my parents are dead.
Both my parents are musicians.
Both my parents are not alive.
Both my parents are quite well.
Both my parents are still living.
Both my parents are teachers.
Both my parents came to see me off at the airport.
Both my parents drive to work, so I have to ride a bike to school.
Both my parents grew up Roman Catholic in the Philippines. In the 1970s there, my father liked reading the paranormal genre, like books by Erich von Däniken and Tuesday Lobsang Rampa. So, he then even liked non-Xtian ideas. My parents, in the 1980s, converted to Protestant Baptists several years after landing in Canada. But my father continued reading the paranormal genre, like books by Deepak Chopra and James Redfield. He believed in meditation and rebirth or reincarnation. He recounted to me his afterlife scenario that his "mind" would migrate to a newborn baby on a faraway "planet," and there he would grow up in a new life. I showed to my parents my elaborate Buddhist temple, and my father was on the verge of reading literature from there. My father passed away in 2013.
Both my parents have died.
Both my parents speak Berber.
Both my parents were Arabic teachers.
Both my parents were born here in Algeria.
Both my parents were teachers.
Both my sister and brother go to college.
Both my sisters are coeliacs.
Both my sisters are teachers.
Both my sons are crazy about football.
Both my wife and I are from Boston.
Both my wife and I can speak French.
Both nations entered into a war.
Both nocebo and placebo effects are presumably psychogenic.
Both of Claudio's parents left.
Both of Mary's brothers are taller than her.
Both of Mary's ex-husbands live in Australia.
Both of Mary's ex-husbands live in Boston.
Both of Mary's sisters are taller than her.
Both of Tom's brothers are able to do that.
Both of Tom's brothers are doing that.
Both of Tom's brothers are in custody.
Both of Tom's brothers are older than he is.
Both of Tom's brothers are taller than he is.
Both of Tom's brothers are taller than him.
Both of Tom's brothers can do that.
Both of Tom's brothers can swim.
Both of Tom's brothers can take care of themselves.
Both of Tom's brothers did that.
Both of Tom's brothers died in the accident.
Both of Tom's brothers have been arrested.
Both of Tom's brothers were arrested.
Both of Tom's brothers were injured.
Both of Tom's cheeks turned red.
Both of Tom's daughters are beautiful.
Both of Tom's daughters are quite beautiful.
Both of Tom's daughters are very beautiful.
Both of Tom's ex-wives are living in Boston.
Both of Tom's ex-wives live in Australia.
Both of Tom's ex-wives live in Boston.
Both of Tom's grandfathers were farmers.
Both of Tom's legs had to be amputated.
Both of Tom's nieces live in Boston.
Both of Tom's parents are dead.
Both of Tom's parents are from Australia.
Both of Tom's parents are teachers.
Both of Tom's parents died when he was just a baby, so he doesn't remember either one of them.
Both of Tom's parents died when he was quite young.
Both of Tom's parents died when he was very young.
Both of Tom's parents have passed away.
Both of Tom's parents passed away when he was quite young.
Both of Tom's parents survived.
Both of Tom's parents went to college.
Both of Tom's parents were born in Australia.
Both of Tom's parents were teachers.
Both of Tom's parents were there.
Both of Tom's sisters are beautiful.
Both of Tom's sisters are married.
Both of Tom's sisters live in Australia.
Both of Tom's sisters live in Boston.
Both of Tom's sons died in the war.
Both of Tom's uncles live in Australia.
Both of Tom's uncles live in Boston.
Both of her cheeks turned red.
Both of her grandmothers are Burmese.
Both of her parents are doctors.
Both of her sons died during the war.
Both of her sons died in the war.
Both of his legs were cut off by a train.
Both of his parents are Muslims.
Both of his parents are coming to Tokyo.
Both of his parents are doctors.
Both of his parents are semi-illiterate.
Both of his parents are well.
Both of his parents died.
Both of my arms are broken.
Both of my brothers are doing that.
Both of my brothers are in custody.
Both of my brothers are married.
Both of my brothers are now living in Australia.
Both of my brothers are now living in Boston.
Both of my brothers are older than I am.
Both of my brothers are older than me.
Both of my brothers are still teenagers.
Both of my brothers are teachers.
Both of my brothers did that.
Both of my brothers have been arrested.
Both of my brothers haven't done that.
Both of my brothers were arrested.
Both of my brothers were injured.
Both of my children can play chess.
Both of my dogs got injured during the earthquake.
Both of my ex-wives hate me.
Both of my ex-wives live in Boston.
Both of my grandfathers and both of my grandmothers are dead.
Both of my grandfathers died before I was born.
Both of my grandfathers were foresters.
Both of my grandmothers are still living.
Both of my kids have already graduated from high school.
Both of my legs are broken.
Both of my parents are French teachers.
Both of my parents are at home now.
Both of my parents are dead.
Both of my parents are doctors.
Both of my parents are good cooks.
Both of my parents are lawyers.
Both of my parents are musicians.
Both of my parents are no longer living.
Both of my parents are not strict with me.
Both of my parents are pretty good singers.
Both of my parents are still living.
Both of my parents are strict with me.
Both of my parents are teachers.
Both of my parents are working today.
Both of my parents aren’t alive.
Both of my parents can speak French.
Both of my parents can't swim.
Both of my parents died when I was five.
Both of my parents do not play golf.
Both of my parents don't know how to swim.
Both of my parents have passed away.
Both of my parents love each other.
Both of my parents speak French.
Both of my parents went to college.
Both of my parents were asleep when I got home.
Both of my parents were born in Algeria. I'm Algerian.
Both of my parents were born in Australia.
Both of my parents were born in Boston.
Both of my parents were brought up in the country.
Both of my parents were unemployed, but they didn't let that stop them from properly looking after me and my 23 brothers and sisters.
Both of my sisters are expecting babies.
Both of my sisters are married.
Both of my sisters are not married.
Both of my sisters are teachers.
Both of my sisters aren't married.
Both of my sisters died in the accident.
Both of my sisters got married last spring.
Both of my sons are in college.
Both of the Jackson brothers have been jailed.
Both of the answers are incorrect.
Both of the books are interesting.
Both of the boys are named Tom.
Both of the boys looked sleepy.
Both of the boys looked tired.
Both of the boys were tired.
Both of the brothers are dead.
Both of the brothers are still living.
Both of the charges were dropped.
Both of the children are asleep.
Both of the children started crying.
Both of the children won a prize.
Both of the dogs are asleep.
Both of the doors are open.
Both of the entrances to the room are guarded.
Both of the girls are wearing white suits.
Both of the kids are dressed in white.
Both of the means are dangerous.
Both of the parents did try hard in search of their daughter.
Both of the passengers in the back seat had neck injuries.
Both of the rooms are open.
Both of the sisters are blonde.
Both of the songs that we sang tonight were written by Tom.
Both of the songs we sang tonight were written by Tom.
Both of the students passed all their tests.
Both of the tires on my bicycle are flat.
Both of the windows were broken.
Both of them are Berber teachers.
Both of them are at fault.
Both of them are at home.
Both of them are aware of what has happened.
Both of them are aware of what's happened.
Both of them are busy.
Both of them are confused.
Both of them are crying now.
Both of them are from Australia.
Both of them are from Boston.
Both of them are hungry.
Both of them are in the room.
Both of them are kind and honest.
Both of them are quiet now.
Both of them are teachers.
Both of them are unpredictable and impatient.
Both of them are very brilliant.
Both of them are very cute.
Both of them aren't pretty.
Both of them arrived at the same moment.
Both of them burst into tears.
Both of them can speak French.
Both of them did that.
Both of them grew up in Australia.
Both of them had a previous marriage.
Both of them have been arrested.
Both of them have come.
Both of them have secrets.
Both of them have three kids.
Both of them hugged me.
Both of them left.
Both of them looked scared.
Both of them moved to Algeria.
Both of them played an important role in the history of Europe.
Both of them said they would come.
Both of them seem suspicious.
Both of them smiled.
Both of them speak French.
Both of them started crying.
Both of them started laughing.
Both of them study at the local college.
Both of them survived.
Both of them walked into the kitchen.
Both of them went to the window to look outside.
Both of them were arrested.
Both of them were deported from Algeria.
Both of them were killed.
Both of them were not present at the meeting.
Both of them were sentenced to death.
Both of them weren't there, but one of them was.
Both of them worked hard so that they could pass the entrance examination.
Both of these are Song Dynasty block-printed editions.
Both of these are Tom's.
Both of these are mine.
Both of these books are out of print.
Both of these horses were trained by Tom.
Both of these projects are part of our efforts to bridge the digital speech divide.
Both of these roads lead to the station.
Both of these suitcases are mine.
Both of those belong to me.
Both of those boys can speak French.
Both of those dictionaries are mine.
Both of those girls are cheerleaders.
Both of those girls are in love with you.
Both of those girls are named Mary.
Both of those meanings are possible.
Both of those options stink.
Both of those students didn't pass the test.
Both of those students didn’t pass the test.
Both of us agreed with Tom.
Both of us and our other three children had prayed for another child just weeks earlier.
Both of us are Canadians.
Both of us are from Australia.
Both of us are from Boston.
Both of us are from Germany.
Both of us are from Tampa.
Both of us are grandfathers.
Both of us are their lovers.
Both of us are thirteen years old.
Both of us are thirteen.
Both of us are very fond of curry and steak.
Both of us began to smile almost at the same time.
Both of us came up with the same idea at the same time.
Both of us can speak French.
Both of us can swim fairly well.
Both of us can walk there.
Both of us could have died.
Both of us could've died.
Both of us did the same thing.
Both of us don't want to do that.
Both of us don't want to work in Australia.
Both of us don't want to work in Boston.
Both of us drank the same thing.
Both of us graduated from Harvard.
Both of us had to do that again.
Both of us hate Tom.
Both of us have driver's licenses.
Both of us have gout.
Both of us have to decide what to do.
Both of us have to do that again.
Both of us have to do that.
Both of us have to go to Boston.
Both of us have worked in Australia.
Both of us have worked in Boston.
Both of us hugged Tom.
Both of us kissed Tom.
Both of us knew that that would happen.
Both of us knew that would happen.
Both of us knew you could do that.
Both of us know Tom did that.
Both of us know Tom.
Both of us know how to drive.
Both of us know what happened to Tom.
Both of us liked it very much.
Both of us lived those pleasurable hours of warmth and passion without thinking.
Both of us lost our balance.
Both of us lost our phones.
Both of us love Tom.
Both of us need to do that.
Both of us need to go on a diet.
Both of us need to go to Boston.
Both of us need to lose weight.
Both of us need to wash our hair.
Both of us ought to do that.
Both of us plan to attend your party.
Both of us plan to be at your party.
Both of us put our coats on inside out.
Both of us saw Tom.
Both of us should do that.
Both of us should lose some weight.
Both of us speak French.
Both of us thought you could do that.
Both of us took French in high school.
Both of us want to do that.
Both of us want to go to Boston.
Both of us want to see the movie.
Both of us want to visit Boston.
Both of us were born in Boston.
Both of us were busy.
Both of us were drunk.
Both of us were hurt in the accident.
Both of us were injured in the accident.
Both of us were injured.
Both of us were scared.
Both of us were sleepy.
Both of us were tired.
Both of us were travelling on the same train by chance.
Both of us were very lucky.
Both of us were wrong.
Both of us will be in Australia for a while.
Both of us will be in Boston for a while.
Both of us will do that tomorrow.
Both of us will have to change.
Both of us won't be busy tomorrow.
Both of us work 40-hour weeks.
Both of us worked in Boston.
Both of you are Canadians, aren't you?
Both of you are accountants, aren't you?
Both of you are in the wrong.
Both of you are musicians, aren't you?
Both of you are my friends.
Both of you are right.
Both of you are wrong.
Both of you be quiet.
Both of you can come over.
Both of you have to do that.
Both of you need to do that.
Both of you ought to do that.
Both of you should do that.
Both of you, stay behind me.
Both of you, stay here.
Both of your daughters are very beautiful.
Both of your legs need to be amputated.
Both of your rear tires looks a bit low.
Both offenses are felonies.
Both optimists and pessimists contribute to society. The optimist invents the aeroplane, the pessimist the parachute.
Both options are possible.
Both our brothers are teachers.
Both our food and water were running out.
Both parents and teachers educate their children.
Both parties are to blame.
Both parties exchanged ideas cordially in the discussion.
Both parties observed what was promised.
Both parties opposed the war.
Both parties opposed war.
Both parties took a step towards a solution.
Both partners are taking more time and care to enjoy their sexual experience to the fullest.
Both peoples lived off deer, small game, rodents, and even insects, but their main food sources were probably plants such as prickly pear cactus, mesquite beans, and pecan.
Both peoples often wore little, if any, clothing and usually decorated themselves with tattoos and body piercings.
Both pieces are made from porcelain.
Both pieces are made of metal.
Both pieces are made of porcelain.
Both planes were flying at the same altitude.
Both plans were rejected.
Both played an important role in the history of Europe.
Both players have a bishop for white squares and a bishop for black squares.
Both players were constantly trying to outperform each other.
Both policemen were killed.
Both products have the same price, but their production costs are very different.
Both pronunciations are correct.
Both quantity and quality are important in most cases.
Both radio waves and laser infrared light waves are forms of electromagnetic radiation with wavelengths at different points on the spectrum.
Both read the Bible day and night, but thou read'st black where I read white.
Both read the Bible day and night, but thou read’st black where I read white.
Both road and stream wound up through a valley dense with scrub oak and fir.
Both roads lead to the station.
Both rooms lit up at the same time.
Both rooms went dark.
Both rovers landed during the Martian afternoon while Earth was still in view. This allowed the rovers to communicate with Earth via the Deep Space Network, letting scientists know they had landed safely.
Both rutting boars and sows with their young can be dangerous to the careless woodland rambler.
Both sat down.
Both sentences mean the same thing.
Both sexes defend the nesting site, although most defense is done by the male.
Both sheets of paper are the same shape.
Both shows have since been canceled.
Both sides accepted the proposal.
Both sides accused each other of negotiating in bad faith.
Both sides agreed to talk more.
Both sides are intolerant of each other.
Both sides are just as guilty.
Both sides are lying.
Both sides are threatening war.
Both sides are to blame.
Both sides claimed victory.
Both sides don't always make equally good points.
Both sides had to compromise with each other.
Both sides hate each other.
Both sides have pros and cons, therefore I will not decide yet which one I will support.
Both sides have to agree to meet.
Both sides of an argument aren't always equally valid.
Both sides should compromise.
Both sides suck.
Both sides will have to give a little.
Both sisters are blonde.
Both sisters are blondes.
Both sisters are lawyers.
Both sisters are pretty.
Both sisters are very beautiful.
Both sisters are very nice.
Both sisters dueled with each other verbally.
Both sisters were there.
Both socialism and communism predate Karl Marx.
Both soldiers died.
Both solutions are controversial.
Both solutions are correct.
Both solutions are wrong.
Both songs that we sang tonight were written by Tom.
Both songs were big hits.
Both sons pretended to the throne.
Both sorts are possible.
Both spellings are correct.
Both sportsmen are very competitive and, often, animosities arise between them.
Both squids and chameleons can change color.
Both squids and chameleons can color change.
Both started learning Russian at school.
Both statements could be true.
Both stocks rose sharply.
Both stories are true.
Both studies compared the longevity of those who had a breast removal procedure called a mastectomy to those who had only their tumors removed, or lumpectomy, combined with radiation therapy.
Both studies looked at how the virus is transmitted from mother to child through the placenta, an organ that nourishes the fetus before the baby is born.
Both sulforaphane and metformin reduce glucose production by the liver, through a mechanism the body uses to ensure it has enough fuel during periods of fasting, like overnight. In diabetics who are also overweight, Rosengren said, the liver's glucose production function is not sensitive to the body's needs, and the liver dumps too much glucose into the bloodstream, causing unhealthy spikes in blood sugar levels.
Both suspects fled on foot.
Both teams are from Boston.
Both teams are strong.
Both teams are unbeaten.
Both teams are very similar.
Both teams are vying fiercely for the championship title.
Both teams are well matched. The game will be an interesting one.
Both teams have improved.
Both teams have thirteen points.
Both teams swapped shirts after the game.
Both the French and the English like to drink, but while the latter prefer beer, the former have a weakness for red wine.
Both the Netherlands and Spain are kingdoms.
Both the Spanish and the French had a major influence on New Orleans cuisine, but it was the French settlers who introduced the beignet. The square pastry is fried dough that has been sprinkled with powdered sugar. Quite like an American doughnut, but less filling. Locals enjoy the delicacy with cafe au lait, or coffee with steamed milk.
Both the U.S. and the U.K. are across the world from Japan, so I wonder if I'll be able to adjust to the time difference well.
Both the US and China want to control the Pacific.
Both the boy and the girl are clever.
Both the boys shouted out.
Both the brothers are dead.
Both the brothers were out.
Both the candidates in this election are left-wing.
Both the candidates in this election are right-wing.
Both the house and the garden are in a bad state.
Both the old and young are guilty of sinning.
Both the parents are still living.
Both the pilot and the co-pilot are dead.
Both the proof and solution are trivial.
Both the reindeer ran by their side, and followed them as far as the boundaries of the country, where the first green leaves were budding.
Both the rooms were lit up.
Both their brothers are teachers.
Both these Kabyle dresses come from Algeria.
Both things are closely related.
Both things might happen.
Both those and those are correct.
Both those students passed all the tests.
Both tried one experiment after another, helping each other.
Both two and four are even numbers.
Both types are possible.
Both types have advantages and disadvantages.
Both vaccines require two doses for full potency.
Both vaccines, according to the WHO, are pending regulatory and ethics approvals from the Ugandan government.
Both vehicles caught fire.
Both ventures ended badly.
Both versions are correct.
Both victory and defeat are but an everyday occurrence to a soldier.
Both walked to the window to look out.
Both we and the Soviets face the common threat of nuclear destruction and there is no likelihood that either capitalism or communism will survive a nuclear war.
Both weapons and words can kill. Therefore, we can assert that words are a form of weapon.
Both were arrested.
Both were eager to become acquainted.
Both were extremely rich.
Both were intoxicated.
Both were naked.
Both were released simultaneously.
Both were sentenced to ten years and one day in prison.
Both were seriously wounded.
Both were silent, because there are emotions that can only be expressed by remaining silent.
Both were silent, because there are some emotions that can only be expressed by remaining silent.
Both were smiling.
Both were unconscious.
Both windows were broken.
Both witnesses provided statements to the police.
Both women cited the need to take care of their mental health.
Both women grinned.
Both wooden pieces are different shapes.
Both word and picture represented an apple by means of lines.
Both words can be used according to the preference of the user.
Both words can be used according to the users' free choice.
Both wore dark clothing.
Both work and play are important.
Both work and rest are necessary for human beings.
Both you and I are college graduates.
Both you and I are men.
Both you and I are students.
Both you and I must take care of the dog.
Both you and I should lose a little weight.
Both you and I were late for school yesterday.
Both you and I will be in trouble!
Both you and I've made many mistakes.
Both you and Tom need to be there tomorrow.
Both you and Tom need to be there.
Both you and Tom need to do that.
Both you and your brother are wrong.
Both young and old people desire slim figures.
Both young and old, men and women, regularly get together at the local bathhouses.
Both your brothers are teachers.
Both your father and I understand the consequences of your decision.
Botox's appeal as a skin enhancer was discovered by chance. Doctors knew that botulinum bacteria kill by paralyzing the diaphragm and preventing victims from breathing. The toxin the bacteria produce, botulin, blocks brain messages to muscles.
Botswana is far richer than Algeria.
Botswana is home to nearly half of Africa’s wild elephants.
Botswana wildlife authorities have refuted reports the country's rhinoceros population is on the verge of extinction due to poaching.
Botswana's government has lost a bid to overturn a 2019 court ruling that decriminalized same-sex relations.
Bottle or glass?
Bottled water exports to the US is Fiji's largest domestic export.
Bottlenose dolphins are one of the most intelligent animals on Earth.
Bottles of beer are made of glass.
Bottles should be rinsed out before being deposited in the bottle bank.
Bottles, husks of seeds, and other kinds of garbage were strewn everywhere.
Bottom surgery is lifesaving for trans people with genital dysphoria.
Bottom surgery made me feel so much better.
Bottoms up!
Botulism, brucellosis, Lyme-disease and tetanus are infectious, but not contagious diseases.
Boughezoul is Algeria's future capital city.
Boughezoul is Algeria's future capital.
Boughezoul will be Algeria's future capital.
Boughezoul will be Algeria's new capital.
Boughezoul will become the new capital of Algeria.
Boughezoul, a small Algerian town, will be the nation's new capital.
Boumediene gave Algerians lands but he couldn't give them the knowledge to tend it.
Boumediene nationalized Algeria's private businesses.
Boumediene passed away in 1978.
Boumediene ruled Algeria with an iron fist.
Boumediene ruled over Algeria with an iron fist.
Boumediene started an agricultural revolution.
Boumediene took control of Algeria.
Boumediene tried to industrialize Algeria.
Boumediene wanted to develop Algeria's agricultural sector.
Boumediene wanted to develop Algeria's agriculture.
Boumediene wanted to develop Algeria's industrial sector.
Boumediene's land reform destroyed Algeria's economy.
Boumerdes has become Algeria's grapes heartland.
Boumerdes is an easy distance from Algeria's capital, Algiers.
Boumerdes is known for its vineyards.
Boumerdes is one of Algeria's smallest wilayas.
Boundaries get stamped on.
Boundless snow covered all that could be seen.
Bourbon is made from corn.
Bouteflika acquired more power.
Bouteflika and his entourage had unchecked access to Algeria's oil revenues.
Bouteflika and his friends enriched themselves at the expanse of the Algerian state.
Bouteflika assumed power in 1999.
Bouteflika banned political rallies in Algiers.
Bouteflika became Algeria's president in 1999.
Bouteflika became Algeria's super-president.
Bouteflika became incapable of fulfilling his duties.
Bouteflika became president after a landslide victory in 1999.
Bouteflika became president of Algeria in 1999.
Bouteflika became president of the republic in 1999.
Bouteflika became too authoritarian.
Bouteflika began to do what all "good dictators" do: consolidating power.
Bouteflika cabal could have eroded Algeria into a shell of a nation.
Bouteflika came to office in 1999.
Bouteflika came to power in 1999.
Bouteflika came to power in April of 1999.
Bouteflika can't communicate efficiently.
Bouteflika clearly had strong political ambitions.
Bouteflika consolidated his power during the early 2000s.
Bouteflika did everything he could to maintain himself in power.
Bouteflika did everything to maintain control over Algeria.
Bouteflika did everything to maintain his popularity.
Bouteflika did little to diversify Algeria's economy.
Bouteflika didn't last another year as leader.
Bouteflika dominated Algeria's politics for twenty years.
Bouteflika emerged as the victor.
Bouteflika established some sort of a dictatorship.
Bouteflika first entered office in April 1999.
Bouteflika first took office in 1999.
Bouteflika got sick.
Bouteflika granted himself dictatorial powers.
Bouteflika had absolute power and absolute power corrupts.
Bouteflika had almost unlimited power.
Bouteflika had complete control of Algeria.
Bouteflika had no interest in agriculture.
Bouteflika had power and money.
Bouteflika has reigned over Algerians for 20 years and since 2019 General Gaïd Salah has taken his place.
Bouteflika held onto power to the last minute.
Bouteflika held power between 1999 and 2019.
Bouteflika implemented ambitious social programs.
Bouteflika initiated many costly projects with little oversight.
Bouteflika is a very controversial character.
Bouteflika is incapacitated.
Bouteflika led Algeria for twenty years.
Bouteflika made Ouyahia prime minister.
Bouteflika managed to end the civil war in Algeria.
Bouteflika opened Algeria's economy to foreign investment.
Bouteflika placed his yes-men well.
Bouteflika promised to modernize Algeria.
Bouteflika promoted deals with China.
Bouteflika promoted economic democratization.
Bouteflika remained a president for twenty years.
Bouteflika returned to Algeria in the late 1990s.
Bouteflika rose to power in 1999.
Bouteflika ruled Algeria for twenty years.
Bouteflika ruled Algeria until 2019.
Bouteflika secured deals for various infrastructure projects.
Bouteflika stepped down in 2019.
Bouteflika stepped up his repressive tactics.
Bouteflika took control of everything.
Bouteflika took office in 1999.
Bouteflika took power in April 1999.
Bouteflika violated basic tenets of democracy to maintain power.
Bouteflika visited many foreign capitals.
Bouteflika wanted to be a legacy builder.
Bouteflika wanted to die in office.
Bouteflika was Algeria's foreign minister under the shadow of Boumediene.
Bouteflika was a man of great charm and intelligence. In fact, he was a great leader.
Bouteflika was a member of the National Liberation Front party.
Bouteflika was a moderate politician.
Bouteflika was a sick leader presiding over a sick country.
Bouteflika was accused of messing things up in Algeria pretty badly.
Bouteflika was ambitious as heck.
Bouteflika was an authoritarian leader.
Bouteflika was born to Algerian parents in Oujda, Morocco.
Bouteflika was decreeing more freedom to himself.
Bouteflika was described as an autocrat.
Bouteflika was elected Algeria's president in 1999.
Bouteflika was elected as the president of Algeria in 1999.
Bouteflika was elected president in April 1999.
Bouteflika was extremely popular.
Bouteflika was forced from office in 2019.
Bouteflika was forced to leave.
Bouteflika was forced to resign and leave through the back door in 2019.
Bouteflika was forced to resign in 2019.
Bouteflika was forced to step down in 2019.
Bouteflika was obviously unfit to rule Algeria.
Bouteflika was only available for public appearances on a limited basis, in line with his health requirements.
Bouteflika was ousted in 2019.
Bouteflika was out of touch with reality.
Bouteflika was president from 1999 to 2019.
Bouteflika was reelected in 2004, 2009, and 2014.
Bouteflika was to Algeria what Chavez was to Venezuela. Discuss.
Bouteflika was very popular.
Bouteflika went too far.
Bouteflika won the presidency of Algeria in 1999.
Bouteflika's achievements weren't as good as he had promised they would be.
Bouteflika's administration failed to save money for difficult times.
Bouteflika's arrival was perceived as a revolution.
Bouteflika's foreign agenda was a great strength of his government.
Bouteflika's government was hypocritical and corrupt.
Bouteflika's government was left-leaning.
Bouteflika's government was very economically left-leaning.
Bouteflika's presidency lasted until 2019.
Bouteflika's projects were big and prestigious but they were initiated with little oversight.
Bouteflika's regime was authoritarian.
Bouteflika's resignation won't be the end of Algeria's problems.
Bouteflika, it must be noted, has his supporters.
Bouzareah is another neighborhood of Algiers.
Bow before me, for I am your master!
Bow down and say that I'm your master.
Bow down to your king.
Bow down to your new leader.
Bow down to your new ruler.
Bow down to your new rulers.
Bow down!
Bow hunting season opens today.
Bow to no man.
Bow to the front.
Bow to the left side.
Bow to the master.
Bow-wow!
Bows are used for hunting and for archery.
Box this up.
Boxed wine doesn't taste as good.
Boxed wine isn't usually very good.
Boxer briefs are the perfect combination of boxers and briefs.
Boxers are a type of clothes.
Boxers end up punch-drunk after getting so many blows.
Boxers have to weigh in before a fight.
Boxers need quick reflexes.
Boxes shouldn't be transported completely full.
Boxes were everywhere.
Boxing Day, when presents are given to the postman, the milkman, etc., is the first week-day after Christmas.
Boxing athletes are muscular.
Boxing has been defined as the art of hitting without being hit.
Boxing is boring.
Boxing is not always a rough sport.
Boxing isn't like other sports.
Boy I, I really must have passed out.
Boy Scouts need to do one good deed every day.
Boy am I glad to see you guys.
Boy am I glad to see you.
Boy bands were very popular at that time.
Boy have I got something to tell you.
Boy is my face red.
Boy is this tasty!
Boy or girl?
Boy that was close.
Boy was I naive.
Boy was I wrong.
Boy were they wrong!
Boy!
Boy, I really must have passed out.
Boy, I will be glad to get over with these exams.
Boy, I wish I had known that?
Boy, did he suddenly turn pale...
Boy, did she have egg on her face when she showed up at the formal party wearing blue jeans!
Boy, have I got some good news for you!
Boy, have we got a lot to learn.
Boy, how times have changed.
Boy, that hamburger really hit the spot.
Boy, that sentence sure caused a kerfuffle.
Boy, that song is really a throwback to the old days!
Boy, that was a rip-off.
Boy, was I disappointed.
Boy, was I mistaken.
Boy, was I wrong.
Boy, was that a mistake.
Boy, where is your older brother?
Boy, you sure showed me.
Boy, you've got some nerve showing up in my castle unannounced. But you haven't paid your taxes in a month, so I have no money for dinner this morning!
Boycott Facebook.
Boycotts are a form of free expression.
Boycotts are a form of free speech.
Boycotts can be very effective in changing a company's policy.
Boycotts change companies.
Boyfriends and girlfriends argue.
Boys Keep Swinging and Fantastic Voyage, both from David Bowie's Lodger album, share the same chord sequence.
Boys always promise that when they want something.
Boys always want to play football after school.
Boys and girls are playing soccer together.
Boys and girls play in the garden.
Boys and girls play together.
Boys and girls read.
Boys and girls were parading along the street.
Boys and girls were playing on a meadow near the river.
Boys are all morons, eh...
Boys are always more or less inaccurate, and too many, or rather the majority, remain boys all their lives.
Boys are better than girls at mathematics.
Boys are boys and girls are girls.
Boys are fond of mischief.
Boys are more aggressive than girls.
Boys are more interested in engineering and computing than girls.
Boys are more likely than girls to arrive late for school.
Boys are more likely than girls to drop out of school.
Boys are more likely than girls to play video games.
Boys are more likely than girls to think that school is a waste of time.
Boys are more often diagnosed with autism than girls.
Boys are noisy and rude to girls.
Boys are not interested in Martha.
Boys are not welcome.
Boys are really stupid sometimes.
Boys are strange sometimes.
Boys are stupid.
Boys are the source of all problems in the world.
Boys aren't supposed to hit girls.
Boys aren't welcome.
Boys as well as girls will be affected by this decision.
Boys can be trained to behave.
Boys can't enter the girls' dormitories.
Boys couldn't take their eyes off Rima.
Boys cry too.
Boys didn't want to dance with Anna.
Boys do cry.
Boys don't cry.
Boys don't like girls who talk too much.
Boys don't play with dolls.
Boys don't usually play with dolls.
Boys flocked to the attractive woman like flies around a honeypot.
Boys give promises very easily, but they as easily forget them.
Boys go to Jupiter to get more stupider. Girls go to college to get more knowledge.
Boys have a lot of crazy ideas about girls.
Boys have gone nesting.
Boys have no respect for girls.
Boys have their own bikes these days.
Boys like to listen to narratives.
Boys love to listen to stories.
Boys need fathers.
Boys need their fathers.
Boys often imitate their sports heroes.
Boys only noticed Rima's good looks.
Boys only, no girls allowed.
Boys prefer to read mangas.
Boys read less for enjoyment than girls.
Boys run fast.
Boys should never cry, according to popular belief.
Boys spend less time on homework than girls.
Boys spend more time playing video games than girls.
Boys spend more time than girls on the computer and the Internet.
Boys tend to look down on their sisters.
Boys tend to look down on their younger sisters.
Boys think a lot about girls.
Boys think about girls a lot.
Boys think they can take advantage of girls.
Boys trail girls in language skills.
Boys use the Internet more than girls.
Boys wanted to hang out with Rima.
Boys who do not listen to their elders always come to grief.
Boys who love and take good care of their parents when they are old and sick, deserve praise.
Boys will be boys, and girls will be girls.
Boys will be boys, girls will be girls.
Boys will be boys.
Boys will run risks.
Boys! Now listen.
Boys' club, girls OUT!
Boys, as a rule, are taller than girls.
Boys, be ambitious.
Boys, be nimble.
Boys, don't make any noise.
Boys, don’t make any noise.
Boys, stop staring off into space in class!
Boys, women are all a bunch of blood suckers!
Bozhena is a pretty blonde; she is the prettiest girl in our school.
Bozo the Clown appeared in a number of TV programs for children.
Bra sizes in Japan are smaller than equivalent lettered bra sizes in the west, owing to smaller average breast sizes.
Brace for impact!
Brace for impact.
Brace yourself!
Brace yourself.
Brace yourselves for colder days ahead of us.
Brace yourselves for impact.
Brace yourselves! From today I'm learning the piano. Why? Because I want to become a music teacher!
Brace yourselves! From today I’m learning the piano. Why? Because I want to become a music teacher!
Brace yourselves.
Brace yourselves. This is gonna get bad.
Braces are expensive.
Braces are used to straighten teeth.
Braces aren't just for children.
Brad Pitt is an actor.
Brad Pitt is blessed with good looks.
Brad doesn't know as many people here as me.
Brad doesn’t know as many people here as me.
Brad had been a high-flyer since his middle school years, excelling in every subject area.
Brad is an astronomer.
Bradford is arguably the ugliest town in Britain.
Bradford is incredibly Muslim.
Bradley was an English astronomer.
Bragwaine, here is a flask of a very singular and precious sort of an elixir; for that liquor it is of such a sort that when a man and a woman drink of it together, they two shall thereafter never cease to love one another as long as they shall have life.
Brahe built a castle on the island and named it Uraniborg after Urania, the goddess of the sky. He also built an observatory on the island.
Brahe catalogued over 1000 stars.
Brahe died in 1601. His last words, "Ne frusta vixisse vidar" (may I not seem to have lived in vain), were recorded by his assistant Kepler.
Brahe had a brother who grew up to serve in the government. He also had a sister that became a scientist.
Brahe invented many instruments such as the Tyconian Quadrant which were widely copied and led to the invention of improved observational equipment.
Brahe made many observations of the stars.
Brahe received an island called Hven from the king.
Brahim Ghali heads the Polisario Front which seeks to achieve the independence of Western Sahara.
Brahim Ghali is the leader of the Polisario Front.
Brahim Ghali, Western Sahara's president, traveled to Spain to receive medical treatment for Covid-19.
Brahim Ghali, the leader of the Polisario Front, received treatment for Covid-19 in Spain.
Brahim Ghali, the leader of the Polsario Front, went to Spain to receive medical treatment for Covid-19.
Brahim Ghali, the president of Western Sahara, received medical treatment in Spain for Covid-19.
Brahim Ghali, the president of Western Sahara, sought treatment in Spain.
Brahim Ghali, the president of Western Sahara, was treated for Covid-19 in Spain.
Brahma is the creator, Vishnu the sustainer, and Shiva the destroyer.
Brahma's consort is Sarasvati.
Braille is a code that uses bumps and indentation on a surface to represent letters, which can be recognized by touch.
Brain cells are particularly sensitive to a loss of oxygen.
Brain drain has caused a lot of damage to the country.
Brain exercises are important, especially for small children.
Brain surgery is very complex.
Brain-scanning studies of artists being creative — improvising music, rapping or drawing caricatures — showed deactivation in a part of the brain involved in planning and monitoring behavior.
Brains are made of squishy matter that controls our thoughts and behaviors.
Brains are weird.
Brains consume 25% of the body's energy.
Brainstorming sessions are also being held in other countries such as Kenya and the Democratic Republic of Congo as part of a larger program coordinated by the World Bank’s Chief Economist office.
Brainwashing works!
Brake lightly before making a turn.
Brake.
Bramble Rose is an excellent first album from a singer and songwriter that experts are pegging to become a big star. It's proof she is a literate songwriter and vocalist; a newcomer who's here to stay.
Branches are to trees what limbs are to us.
Branching and merging are two basic operations of revision control.
Branching out to other people is one of the hardest things for some of his patients to do.
Brand desirability among girls age 7-13 increased fivefold after the marketing department changed the company mascot to a talking pony.
Branded wine is expensive, while wine in bulk is cheap.
Brandishing an overstuffed passport from all the visas he collected while making what he calls his "Odyssey", Graham Hughes celebrated his self-proclaimed record for being the first person to travel to 201 sovereign states.
Brands are for capitalists.
Brangelina was my favorite Hollywood couple.
Brasil is the largest human genetics laboratory in the world.
Brasilia is Brazil's capital.
Brasilia is the capital of Brazil.
Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc.
Brasília is the federal capital of Brazil.
Bratislav is a Croatian-derived friend of mine who is a ufologist. He has a UFO Kit on his smartphone. He has recommended me books like The Orion Regressions by Stan Romanek and The Terra Papers by Robert Morning Sky. His exotic books are of the paranormal, pseudoscience, and ufology genres. His brain is full of fascinating conspiracy theories and strange anecdotes. He has an interesting nonstandard view of astronomy. He thinks that outer space and the worlds beyond are teeming with life, whilst I conjecture that they are vast deserts wherein life, especially intelligent, is very rare. However, I am open-minded and could change my view if needed.
Bratislav looked beyond the little polities and little peoples of this tiny planet.
Bratislav's hobby is ufology. He doesn't think that this subject is pseudoscience, but a real search for truth.
Bratislav, my Croatian-descent friend, was extremely eye-opening for me. He was an avid ufologist and conspiracy fanatic. He was initially just a neighbour who walked his two small dogs, as he strut around like a vampire. Later, he revolutionized my own worldview.
Bratislav, of Croatian ancestry, believes in "extraterrestrials" or ETs, a term he prefers over "aliens." Both he and I agree that such beings may be millions or billions of years more advanced than "we" humans are. He mentions that some of them have the power of invisibility or they can phase in and out of walls like ghosts. I ask Bratislav if he thinks that the ETs are from the same universe as ours and if he believes in the "multiverse," the multiplicity of different universes. Thereof, he is not so sure.
Bratislav, of Croatian ancestry, is not a sci-fi fan, but he is intrigued by my anecdotes about Piers Anthony's Cluster stories about spy technology wherein the astral body can be extricated out of the physical body and transmigrated into a physical body of an extraterrestrial on some distant world, or about Arthur C. Clarke's novel Imperial Earth wherein the Makenzie (no "c") family become wealthy by mining methane on Saturn's moon Titan and propagate themselves generationally by cloning, the clone cloning himself. Bratislav's ufology is not like my sci-fi. Sci-fi is fictional dramatization, but Bratislav is looking for something factual in ufology. He is searching for a reality.
Bratislav, of Croatian ancestry, on his cellphone-cum-computer, shows me a picture of the UFO he saw one day. It looks like a grey kite-like shape with a grey trail. But it looks metallic. It is a grey sky. It is intriguing.
Bratislav, the Croatian-descent dog owner of Rafa and Chino, does believe in souls and spirits, in some ways. On the 20th of October of 2012, with two leashes in hand, Bratislav the vampiric baron phantom struts approaching along the Halloween-like sidewalk, and then we have a conversation near the dilapidated purple-leaved tree in the neighbour Bruce's yard, here on Lulu Island. Yes, he says, he believes in souls and spirits and each kind is in a human body. I tell him that in some religions, people believe in multiple souls and spirits inside a body and to complicate matters, they may be "fluid" in nature. Bratislav thinks that I am like a Hispanic, but I imbue in him the notion of at least some Eastern influence inside of me. I take a pseudo-scientific turn and tell him that the "soul-spirit structure" may be really complicated and may have many components like a chandelier does with different gems and crystals.
Bratislava is Slovakia's capital.
Bratislava is the capital of Slovakia, a country in the east of Europe which was once apart of the greater Czechoslovakia.
Bratislava is the capital of Slovakia.
Bratwurst is a type of sausage.
Brave man as he was, he recoiled at the sight.
Brave men and women crossed thousands of miles to bombard innocent villagers in these remote mountains.
Brave people feel fear, but that doesn't stop them.
Brave people feel fear, but that doesn’t stop them.
Bravely though they fought, they were defeated.
Bravery doesn't like cowardice.
Bravery is a central principle of Hanukkah.
Bravery is a great virtue.
Braving sub-zero temperatures, the men danced for nearly half an hour, up to their waists in the freezing water, pushing away chunks of ice floating on the river.
Bravo for a job well done!
Bravo!
Bravo! That's my daughter!
Bravo! What a great show!
Bravo, Tom!
Bravo, Tom.
Braxton said he didn’t want to give up high school despite being ready to pursue a bachelor’s degree. “I get to have a normal high school experience, which is nice,” he said. “I don’t have to worry about lacking those social skills that you develop during that time. So, I appreciate all the benefits that I get from being able to be in both.”
Braxton says his teenage life in Ulysses, a Midwestern town with a population of 6,101, is like that of any other high school kid: movies, video games, martial arts and a “good friend group.”
Brazil became the sixth largest economy in the world.
Brazil borders ten countries as well as the Atlantic Ocean.
Brazil consistently ranks as one of the most or the most biodiverse country in the entire world.
Brazil continues to pursue industrial and agricultural growth and development of its interior.
Brazil could've been a bilingual country; its official languages would've been Portuguese and Tupi.
Brazil declared war on Argentina in 1825.
Brazil declared war on Germany and Italy in 1942.
Brazil finished runners-up in the 1998 World Cup.
Brazil first and God over everyone.
Brazil fulfills most of our demand for coffee.
Brazil had a football player named Bauer, but he was not a pawn, he was a king on the field.
Brazil has almost 200 million inhabitants.
Brazil has one of the highest crime rates in the world.
Brazil has one-third of the world's rain forests.
Brazil has one-third of the world’s rain forests.
Brazil hosted the 1950 and 2014 World Cups.
Brazil hosts the Olympic Games.
Brazil hosts the Summer Olympics in twenty sixteen.
Brazil is a big country with great people.
Brazil is a big country.
Brazil is a country rich in myths of Indian and African origins.
Brazil is a developing country.
Brazil is a huge country.
Brazil is a large agricultural country.
Brazil is a large country.
Brazil is a mixture of all the other peoples.
Brazil is a mixture of all types of people.
Brazil is a very big country.
Brazil is a very large country.
Brazil is a young country without a commitment to the past.
Brazil is called "Brasil" in Portuguese.
Brazil is comprised of twenty-six states.
Brazil is divided into 26 states plus the Federal District.
Brazil is divided into 27 parts.
Brazil is divided into twenty-seven parts.
Brazil is geopolitically divided into five regions: North, Northeast, Central-West, Southeast and South.
Brazil is hosting the Olympic Games.
Brazil is huge, right?
Brazil is in South America.
Brazil is located in South America.
Brazil is my home.
Brazil is not far away from Argentina.
Brazil is one of the BRIC countries.
Brazil is partitioned into states, which in turn are partitioned into municipalities.
Brazil is surrounded by ten countries and the Atlantic Ocean.
Brazil is the biggest country in South America.
Brazil is the country I was born in.
Brazil is the fifth biggest country in the world.
Brazil is the fifth largest country in the world.
Brazil is the host of the 2016 Summer Olympic Games.
Brazil is the land of the future.
Brazil is undergoing the most serious moral crisis in its history.
Brazil is very rich; its richness is immense; coffee is one of its greatest riches.
Brazil knocked Costa Rica out of the World Cup.
Brazil lost 1.4 million hectares of mature forest in 2019, more than one-third of the world total and nearly three times more than the country with the next-largest loss, the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Brazil lost a great artist.
Brazil lost a major politician.
Brazil maintains commercial relations with many countries.
Brazil needs more doctors.
Brazil needs more engineers.
Brazil passed a grim milestone Saturday, reporting more than 150,000 deaths from COVID-19, according to the Brazilian Health Ministry.
Brazil played against France in Porto Alegre.
Brazil provides a large part of our coffee.
Brazil provides us with most of our coffee.
Brazil scored a penalty goal.
Brazil shares a border with all South American countries except for Chile and Ecuador.
Brazil suffered a reality check when they played Germany.
Brazil supplies the world with coffee beans of quality.
Brazil supplies us with much of our coffee.
Brazil was a Portuguese colony.
Brazil was a colony of Portugal.
Brazil was discovered 515 years ago.
Brazil was visited by the Pope.
Brazil's National Institute for Space Research reported this week it has spotted about 73,000 fires in the Amazon so far this year — an 83% surge over the first eight months of 2018.
Brazil's economy stalled for years.
Brazil's four representatives at the 2025 FIFA Club World Cup did well: Botafogo, Flamengo, Fluminense and Palmeiras. Congratulations!
Brazil's physical geography hampers its development.
Brazil's population is much larger than that of other Portuguese-speaking countries.
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art that focuses on grappling and ground fighting.
Brazilian Portuguese is considerably different to European Portuguese.
Brazilian Portuguese is quite different to Portugal Portuguese.
Brazilian and European Portuguese sound very different.
Brazilian big wave rider Maya Gabeira beat her own world record this year when she rode a 22.4-meter wave at Portugal's Nazare.
Brazilian music is simply magical.
Brazilian teachers are demanding higher wages, smaller class sizes and classrooms that are better equipped.
Brazilians are mourning the destruction of Rio de Janeiro's National Museum in an overnight fire. Much of the collection of historic, scientific and cultural artifacts, among the largest in Brazil, is believed to have been destroyed.
Brazilians are plagued by high prices.
Brazilians are required to enlist in the military when they turn eighteen.
Brazilians live in Brazil.
Brazilians manage to understand Spanish with ease.
Brazilians realized they paid trillions of reals in taxes to their government.
Brazilians really love soccer, but they love money even more.
Brazilians tend to start dating at age twelve or thirteen.
Brazillian people find it hard to understand Portuguese pronouns. Therefore, it would be useful to teach them what they mean so that arguments shouldn't arise so often between both peoples.
Brazzaville is the capital of the Republic of the Congo.
Breached and battered, the ruin stands in a grove of ilex on a very beautiful promontory.
Bread allowed the formation of early human societies.
Bread and butter are my usual breakfast.
Bread and butter is my usual breakfast.
Bread and butter is their usual breakfast.
Bread and games.
Bread and milk are good foods.
Bread and milk have an established price.
Bread feeds the body, and books feed the mind.
Bread has gone up ten yen in price.
Bread is "pain" in French.
Bread is a wheat product.
Bread is baked in an oven.
Bread is baked in ovens everywhere.
Bread is best enjoyed hot and fresh.
Bread is dry, water is cold.
Bread is half price today.
Bread is harmful to pigeons.
Bread is life.
Bread is made from flour, water and yeast.
Bread is made from flour, water, and often yeast.
Bread is made from flour.
Bread is made from wheat.
Bread is made with flour, water and yeast.
Bread is the simplest and oldest food in the world.
Bread was all I ate.
Bread was the only thing I ate.
Bread with butter tastes very good.
Bread with oil is a very healthy and economical food.
Bread without butter is better than a sweet cake without liberty.
Bread's in the oven.
Bread, heaped is baskets, the attendants bring, / towels with smooth-shorn nap, and water from the spring.
Bread, please. Thank you.
Breading makes the food crispy.
Break a leg!
Break a leg.
Break complex problems into smaller steps to solve them more easily.
Break dancing is not allowed in the nursing home.
Break doesn't last long enough.
Break down your homework into smaller tasks to make it more manageable.
Break down your tasks into smaller, manageable chunks.
Break everything.
Break for bath & food, back in about 40 minutes!
Break free from old habits.
Break free from the chains that bind you!
Break is from 10.40 till 11 o'clock.
Break is from 10.40 till 11.
Break is from twenty to eleven till eleven o'clock.
Break is ten minutes.
Break is too short.
Break it down.
Break it up!
Break it up.
Break it!
Break it.
Break lasts for ten minutes.
Break lasts for twenty minutes.
Break lasts ten minutes.
Break me off a piece.
Break new ground.
Break off with such a man as that.
Break out the champagne.
Break that pattern.
Break the chocolate bar into small pieces.
Break the chocolate into small pieces.
Break the chocolate into smaller pieces.
Break the eggs and remove the yolks.
Break the eggs and separate the yolk from the whites.
Break the eggs and separate the yolks and whites.
Break the eggs and separate the yolks from the whites.
Break the glass in case of emergency.
Break the plain chocolate up into small pieces.
Break the silence.
Break this enigmatic silence!
Break this glass in case of fire.
Break time!
Break time's over.
Break up these buds.
Break up with a guy like that.
Break's over! Back to work!
Break, break the walls between the peoples!
Breakfast TV presenters tend to be unbearably perky.
Breakfast and lunch are included.
Breakfast at the hotel was a disaster.
Breakfast cereals are full of herbicides.
Breakfast is a smorgasbord.
Breakfast is almost ready.
Breakfast is already prepared.
Breakfast is an important meal.
Breakfast is at half past nine.
Breakfast is from seven to nine.
Breakfast is in ten minutes.
Breakfast is on me, Yanni.
Breakfast is ready.
Breakfast is served at eight o'clock.
Breakfast is served at seven a.m.
Breakfast is served between 7 and 9.
Breakfast is served from 7:30 a.m. to 11:00 a.m.
Breakfast is served.
Breakfast is the most beautiful of all meals. One is rested and young, not yet angry and full of new hopes and plans.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
Breakfast is waiting.
Breakfast isn't ready yet.
Breakfast means to "break the fast" you've been observing all night.
Breakfast was very good.
Breakfast will be provided.
Breakfast will be ready soon.
Breakfast will be served.
Breakfast will not be served after ten o'clock.
Breakfast will not be served after ten o’clock.
Breakfast!
Breakfast, lunch, or dinner?
Breaking Bad is my favorite series.
Breaking a mirror brings seven years of bad luck.
Breaking a mirror is said to bring bad luck for seven years.
Breaking into the abandoned house was easy.
Breaking into the music industry might seem next to impossible, but if you're a techie who shies away from the spotlight, opportunities abound in California's Silicon Valley.
Breaking news: the cow calved!
Breaking store windows is a kind of vandalism.
Breaking the quarantine is punishable.
Breaking the routine can bring freshness.
Breaking things for no good reason is a childish thing to do.
Breaking up is painful.
Breaking up wasn't enough. I had to tell him that we couldn't be friends.
Breaking up with my first lover was a big eye-opener for me.
Breakthroughs in medicine and bioengineering will truly be human achievements when everyone has access to their benefits and cease to be a privilege for the few.
Breandán is a lawyer.
Breast cancer is a disease.
Breast cancer survivors facing the disease a second time are more likely to live longer if they get psychological counseling.
Breast self-examinations are no longer recommended by doctors.
Breath through the bag.
Breathe again.
Breathe all the way out.
Breathe deeper.
Breathe deeply through your mouth.
Breathe deeply!
Breathe deeply, Yanni.
Breathe deeply, with your mouth open.
Breathe deeply.
Breathe from your belly.
Breathe happiness.
Breathe in and out deeply.
Breathe in deeply.
Breathe in through your mouth.
Breathe in through your nose.
Breathe in, and breathe out.
Breathe in, breathe out.
Breathe in.
Breathe in. Now, breathe out.
Breathe in. You're breathing.
Breathe naturally.
Breathe normally.
Breathe on me, Tom. You have been drinking!
Breathe out.
Breathe regularly.
Breathe slowly.
Breathe through your mouth.
Breathe through your nose, not your mouth.
Breathe through your nose.
Breathe – it's free!
Breathe!
Breathe, damn you!
Breathe, motherfucker!
Breathe.
Breathing asbestos dust is dangerous to health.
Breathing became difficult.
Breathing became increasingly difficult.
Breathing has become difficult.
Breathing in volcanic ash can cause pulmonary problems.
Breathing is an involuntary bodily process.
Breathing is forbidden here.
Breathing is generally overrated.
Breathing is important; everything else has its time.
Breathing was difficult.
Breed children.
Breeding leaves dogs and cats with a number of medical conditions.
Breeding swifts will sleep in the nest, and what a relief that must be. Otherwise they sleep on the wing - the only bird known to do this.
Brehmer was diagnosed with tuberculosis.
Brenda is a big-shot industrialist, but she's very down-to-earth at heart.
Brenda let out a loud wail at the sight of her dead daughter.
Brenda's goal was to become a successful industrialist.
Breno is an amateur filmmaker.
Brent is an American, but he speaks Japanese as if it were his mother tongue.
Brentano sat at her feet, venerating her as a saint.
Bret Stephens is a bedbug.
Brett Kavanaugh is a rapist and should be removed from office.
Brett lives and works in the Canadian city of Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Brett turned in his assignment at the last second.
Brevity and conciseness characterize this volume and it is planned to meet the needs of the busy teacher and student.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
Brevity will help you to be understood by others.
Brexit has been a marvellous success.
Brexit means Brexit.
Brexit refers to the withdrawal of Great Britain from the European Union.
Brexiters are exulting and in a celebratory mood.
Brian Kaneen from Manx Island was often in our Esperanto group. He taught German in the university, SFU. He liked us to meet in McDonald's.
Brian barely has enough money so he consulted his parents.
Brian bought a lipstick for Kate.
Brian bought lipstick for Kate.
Brian bought some lipstick for Kate.
Brian came to Kate, with his hair wet.
Brian gets his mother to do his homework.
Brian got his wisdom teeth out.
Brian has bought Kate some lipstick.
Brian hit two blackjacks in a row.
Brian intends to strictly limit the money he uses.
Brian is a regular at the cafe. He is a hunky man with long grey-streaked hair.
Brian is holding Kate's hands.
Brian is holding Kate’s hands.
Brian is mad because Chris obviously does not intend to return the money.
Brian is mad because Chris obviously doesn't intend to return the money.
Brian is sure to get on board with the plan, but Wilma will likely get hung up on the technicalities.
Brian kept Kate waiting.
Brian kept the door open.
Brian left for New York.
Brian left heading for New York.
Brian left his belongings behind.
Brian left the door open.
Brian lives over the hill.
Brian looks blue.
Brian looks sort of dejected.
Brian regrets starting a relationship with her and wants to escape from her.
Brian repeatedly told Chris that he owed him a pretty large amount of money.
Brian seems crestfallen.
Brian seems dejected.
Brian studied English for this trip.
Brian took a few roses.
Brian took some roses.
Brian was grateful when Chris delivered the money on the weekend.
Brian went to school with Kate.
Brian wrote a novel.
Brian's all muddy. He's been playing football.
Brian's girlfriend often begs him to take her to luxurious restaurants.
Brian, do you know how to speak English?
Brian, in his pajamas, is engaged in reading in the house in the morning.
Brianna Ghey was a 16-year-old British trans girl who was stabbed to death in a park. Her blood is on the hands of the British media.
Brianna Ghey was old enough to be a victim of transphobic violence, but she wasn't considered old enough to have the correct name and gender on her death certificate.
Brian’s girlfriend often begs him to take her to luxurious restaurants.
Bribery is common in Algeria.
Bribes are something that arises in conjunction with power organizations.
Bribes fail where honest men work.
Bricks can't be made without straw.
Bricks consist mostly of clay.
Bricks have been falling.
Bricks never take the place of ferro-concrete here.
Brides and others in search of elegant personal protective equipment (PPE) are snatching up the Indonesian-born designer’s creations to protect against the coronavirus.
Bridges are burning and chances are few.
Bridgetown is the capital of Barbados.
Brie is a pale blue mouse with blue eyes a pink nose white muzzle and pink bangs.
Briefly explain what you want.
Briefly note down the essentials.
Briefly note down the most important details.
Briefly remove the boiling water from the heat and carefully put the gnocchi into it one by one.
Briefly stated, Hobsbawm's thesis is that the history of the twentieth century is that of the decline of civilization.
Briefly stated, Hobsbawm’s thesis is that the history of the twentieth century is that of the decline of civilization.
Briefly, the answer is no. This has been an issue since 2015.
Briefly: Mary had liked my posts and soon after that we got married.
Brigadier General Flavia Byekwaso, the army spokesperson, said those responsible for the attacks will be held to account.
Brigham Young University (BYU), which operates on four campuses in Utah, Idaho and Hawaii, is a private, not-for-profit school governed by the religious doctrine of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (LDS), also known as Mormons.
Brigham Young agreed to stay.
Brigham Young continued to lead the Mormon church.
Bright as he is, he is slow in giving his opinions.
Bright colors don't suit Tom.
Bright ideas never occur to me.
Bright is the ring of words when the right man rings them.
Bright picture.
Bright sunlight streamed in through the window.
Bright sunlight streamed in through the windows.
Bright white cloud-tops reflect a lot of sunlight back into space. But clouds also blanket Earth, keeping some of its heat from escaping.
Bright yellow blotches up to one-fourth inch in diameter appear around the punctures produced by the feeding of this insect.
Bright youth passes swiftly as a thought.
Brightening teeth is a multimillion- or multibillion-dollar industry.
Brightening the display on most cell phones reduces their battery life significantly.
Brightening your monitor should only require one button.
Brightly colored blocks recall hours of creative play.
Brigitta has got two children.
Brigitte has a real love for animals.
Brigitte is a Dutch name.
Briguglio has always breast fed her 19-month-old baby Azure and has not donated milk yet. She says the number of lactating women joining breast milk-sharing communities online is growing worldwide.
Brikk: Experience Seamless Design with the Brikk Theme Brikk is a flexible WordPress theme designed for building comprehensive directory and booking websites. Offering smooth customization, advanced listing options, and full WooCommerce support, Brikk is ideal for businesses, rentals, and event platforms. It combines beautiful design with responsive functionality to ensure an exceptional user experience across all devices.
Brilliant butterflies flew hither and thither.
Brilliant chefs can chop and change any ingredient in a recipe and end up with something just as good, if not better.
Brilliant papers by Comrade Stalin allowed Soviet linguistics to take the leading position in the world.
Brilliant people have one major drawback - they don't know how to lose.
Brilliant people have one major drawback - they don’t know how to lose.
Brilliant question. I reckon the answer's worth a Nobel prize.
Brilliant!
Bring Mary back. I need her.
Bring Mom to the party.
Bring Tom a cup of coffee.
Bring Tom a drink.
Bring Tom along.
Bring Tom back now.
Bring Tom back.
Bring Tom here immediately.
Bring Tom here now!
Bring Tom here.
Bring Tom home.
Bring Tom in here.
Bring Tom in.
Bring Tom inside.
Bring Tom next time.
Bring Tom over here.
Bring Tom over.
Bring Tom something to eat.
Bring Tom to me.
Bring Tom to my office.
Bring Tom to the warehouse.
Bring Tom with you.
Bring Yanni here first.
Bring Ziri on your show.
Bring a bag lunch.
Bring a bag of rice on the way back.
Bring a bucket of apples.
Bring a bucket or chair to sit on.
Bring a camera.
Bring a couple more chairs.
Bring a couple of stools.
Bring a date.
Bring a dish to share.
Bring a fire extinguisher!
Bring a flashlight with you. You'll need one.
Bring a friend.
Bring a hat.
Bring a jacket for the nights.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil.
Bring a lunch for our day of hiking.
Bring a lunch.
Bring a pen to your exam, please.
Bring a pooper scooper.
Bring a rag.
Bring a sheet of paper, please.
Bring a shovel.
Bring a small towel for your face and a bigger one for the rest of your body.
Bring a stool from the kitchen.
Bring a torch. You'll need it.
Bring a warm sweater.
Bring a whistle with you in case you get lost or need help.
Bring all that you possess.
Bring all your friends next time.
Bring all your money.
Bring along something to read.
Bring along your friend.
Bring also your mother.
Bring an umbrella because it is expected to rain this afternoon.
Bring an umbrella just in case it starts to rain.
Bring an umbrella without forgetting.
Bring an umbrella.
Bring as many boxes as you can carry.
Bring at least a gallon of water or two.
Bring back the Kabyle flag.
Bring back the book as soon as possible.
Bring back your courage.
Bring backup.
Bring bell peppers and sardines!
Bring down the barrier.
Bring everything to ruin.
Bring everything you have.
Bring five hundred rubles.
Bring food.
Bring grapes.
Bring help.
Bring her a plate of salad.
Bring her along.
Bring her back.
Bring her here immediately.
Bring her here.
Bring her home.
Bring her in here and lay her on the sofa.
Bring her in here.
Bring her in.
Bring her inside.
Bring her over.
Bring her to me tomorrow.
Bring her to me.
Bring her with you.
Bring him a drink.
Bring him along.
Bring him back to me and beat him up. Beat him to death.
Bring him back with you.
Bring him back.
Bring him down.
Bring him here immediately.
Bring him here.
Bring him home.
Bring him in here.
Bring him in.
Bring him inside.
Bring him over.
Bring him to me.
Bring him with you.
Bring home all the troops.
Bring in lunch for the children.
Bring in some firewood.
Bring in the laundry when it's dry.
Bring in the laundry.
Bring in your stomach as much as you can.
Bring it back to me.
Bring it back when you are through.
Bring it back when you're done.
Bring it back.
Bring it closer.
Bring it here immediately.
Bring it here.
Bring it home.
Bring it in here.
Bring it in, Tom.
Bring it on!
Bring it on! Show me what you've got!
Bring it on, Tom.
Bring it on.
Bring it over here.
Bring it over soon.
Bring it to me tomorrow.
Bring it to me!
Bring it to me.
Bring it!
Bring mangos.
Bring me Tom and Mary.
Bring me Tom.
Bring me a Coke.
Bring me a blanket, please.
Bring me a bottle of beer.
Bring me a bottle of water, please.
Bring me a bucket of water.
Bring me a chair.
Bring me a chisel.
Bring me a clean plate and take the dirty one away.
Bring me a cup of coffee, please.
Bring me a cup of coffee, will you?
Bring me a cup of coffee.
Bring me a cup of tea, please.
Bring me a cup of tea.
Bring me a damp towel.
Bring me a document that proves your identity.
Bring me a drink.
Bring me a dry towel.
Bring me a fork, Tom.
Bring me a glass of beer.
Bring me a glass of brandy.
Bring me a glass of tea with lemon.
Bring me a glass of water, please.
Bring me a glass of water.
Bring me a metre of black cloth.
Bring me a moist towel.
Bring me a piece of chalk.
Bring me a rag.
Bring me a sheet of paper, please.
Bring me a sheet of paper, will you?
Bring me a shovel.
Bring me a towel, please.
Bring me an iced coffee.
Bring me another beer.
Bring me another brandy.
Bring me another fork, please.
Bring me back my summer!
Bring me her head.
Bring me his head.
Bring me it!
Bring me it.
Bring me lemon tea, please.
Bring me money.
Bring me my Marika. I want to see her.
Bring me my bag.
Bring me my cane.
Bring me my children.
Bring me my clothes.
Bring me my glasses.
Bring me my hat.
Bring me my petticoat.
Bring me my shoes.
Bring me my slippers!
Bring me my slippers.
Bring me some Pepsi Max.
Bring me some blue chalk from the next classroom.
Bring me some bread, butter, ham and cheese.
Bring me some cold water.
Bring me some food from the kitchen.
Bring me some food.
Bring me some ketchup.
Bring me some lemonade.
Bring me some milk.
Bring me some more vodka!
Bring me some popcorn.
Bring me some soup, please. Hold the pepper.
Bring me some tissues.
Bring me some water, and be quick about it.
Bring me some water, please.
Bring me some water, would you?
Bring me some water.
Bring me some wine.
Bring me something to drink.
Bring me something to eat.
Bring me tea and biscuits.
Bring me that cap.
Bring me that folder.
Bring me that glass of milk.
Bring me that oil can.
Bring me the Kleenex.
Bring me the bag.
Bring me the big gun.
Bring me the bill, please.
Bring me the book.
Bring me the boy.
Bring me the compass.
Bring me the dictionary.
Bring me the first aid kit.
Bring me the flute.
Bring me the kettle.
Bring me the key.
Bring me the keys.
Bring me the magazines.
Bring me the menu, please.
Bring me the money.
Bring me the newspaper, please.
Bring me the newspaper.
Bring me the newspapers.
Bring me the phone, Tom.
Bring me the room key.
Bring me the scissors.
Bring me the serpent that took Ziri's life.
Bring me the vinegar and oil, please.
Bring me the water carafe.
Bring me their heads.
Bring me this young talent.
Bring me this.
Bring me those things I've asked for.
Bring me today's paper, please.
Bring me today's paper.
Bring me today’s paper, please.
Bring me today’s paper.
Bring me two more chairs.
Bring me two pieces of chalk.
Bring me vinegar and oil, please.
Bring me water to drink.
Bring me wine!
Bring me your resume. I told you there's a vacancy at my office.
Bring more wheat as well.
Bring my bags up to my room.
Bring my hat.
Bring my notebook back to me, please.
Bring my towel please.
Bring my umbrella.
Bring oil and turmeric.
Bring on the long weekend!
Bring one elegant dress to go to the theater or to a party.
Bring one for me, too.
Bring our boys home.
Bring out the good bowls.
Bring out your knights before developing the bishops.
Bring pizza and beer!
Bring positivity into work.
Bring sellotape.
Bring sleeping bags, blankets and such.
Bring some bear spray.
Bring some bread.
Bring some cash with you.
Bring some money.
Bring some munchies.
Bring some plates from the kitchen.
Bring something to drink.
Bring tea immediately!
Bring tea.
Bring that back to me.
Bring that bale of hay over here.
Bring that blue box in my garden!
Bring that book over here.
Bring that bucket of water over here.
Bring that correspondence up to date.
Bring that folder to me.
Bring that here.
Bring that over here.
Bring that up at the meeting.
Bring the bag.
Bring the beer.
Bring the bill, please.
Bring the book back as soon as possible.
Bring the book to me, not to Tom.
Bring the book to me, not to him.
Bring the documents with you.
Bring the dog into the house.
Bring the donkey to quench its thirst.
Bring the evening meal.
Bring the frozen fish here.
Bring the goats back to the pen before dusk.
Bring the guns into play when the enemy approaches us.
Bring the hat with you when you come over.
Bring the jack over. I'll jack up the car.
Bring the key.
Bring the keys to your brother.
Bring the keys.
Bring the kids home for dinner.
Bring the kids.
Bring the ladder and put it against the apple tree.
Bring the laundry in.
Bring the laundry in; it's raining!
Bring the microphone here.
Bring the mike here.
Bring the money here.
Bring the money.
Bring the newspaper racks inside. It's starting to rain.
Bring the painting closer so that I may see it better.
Bring the rest of your luggage with you.
Bring the stretcher, there's a guy who's hurt.
Bring the suitcase down from my room.
Bring the table outside, please.
Bring the vase somewhere where there is sunlight.
Bring the ventilator quickly!
Bring the washing in.
Bring the water to a boil before adding the noodles.
Bring the water to a boil.
Bring the water to the boil.
Bring the wine.
Bring the work to perfection.
Bring them all together at that place.
Bring them all together.
Bring them all, just as they are.
Bring them along.
Bring them back!
Bring them back.
Bring them figs.
Bring them here immediately.
Bring them here to me.
Bring them here.
Bring them home.
Bring them in here.
Bring them inside.
Bring them over.
Bring them some figs.
Bring them something to eat.
Bring them to me.
Bring them to us.
Bring them with you.
Bring this back when you've finished using it.
Bring this to the farmer.
Bring this.
Bring those men here.
Bring three empanadas from the stand in the corner.
Bring three pies from the stand in the corner.
Bring two breakfasts, please. Number 2 on the menu, and two teas with milk.
Bring two samosas.
Bring two.
Bring up a chair for me, please.
Bring us some brandy.
Bring us something to drink.
Bring us something to eat.
Bring us tea and cakes.
Bring us two egg sandwiches, two cups of coffee and two pieces of apple pie, please.
Bring us up to date.
Bring us with you!
Bring water from the nearby river.
Bring water from the water pond.
Bring water with the bucket.
Bring wine.
Bring wool socks for the mountains.
Bring your A-game.
Bring your accordion to the party.
Bring your best game.
Bring your books down.
Bring your boyfriend to the party!
Bring your brother along, as well.
Bring your brother with you.
Bring your brother.
Bring your children along.
Bring your children with you.
Bring your compass along.
Bring your computer.
Bring your cup to the kitchen.
Bring your dancing shoes.
Bring your daughter.
Bring your dogs.
Bring your essay to me this afternoon.
Bring your father.
Bring your friends with you.
Bring your friends.
Bring your girlfriend to the party!
Bring your help to the citizens, and to their wives and children.
Bring your ideas to the world.
Bring your investment dollars and invest in Algeria.
Bring your kids, too.
Bring your lawn chair.
Bring your mom to the party.
Bring your mom.
Bring your money.
Bring your own bottle.
Bring your own chess board.
Bring your own fishing equipment.
Bring your own food.
Bring your own lawn chair.
Bring your own mug.
Bring your own picnic basket.
Bring your own picnic lunch.
Bring your own supplies.
Bring your paper in tomorrow.
Bring your parents, as well.
Bring your phone.
Bring your racket and we'll play some tennis.
Bring your sister next time.
Bring your sisters next time.
Bring your student ID card.
Bring your student ID!
Bring your student ID.
Bring your swimming costume.
Bring your swimsuit.
Bring your tool box.
Bring your tools with you tomorrow.
Bring your umbrella because it's raining.
Bring your wallet.
Bring your wife.
Bring your work to my room.
Bringing a cup of tea is the only thing I can do.
Bringing terrorism to an end via the economy was a most wise policy.
Bringing that up in this situation doesn't really feel appropriate, does it?
Bringing the big guns, huh? I'm not afraid of you, pal.
Bringing up a baby is hard work.
Bringing up a child demands patience.
Bringing up old stuff for the sake of it seems like a bad idea.
Bringing up politics can be a conversation stopper.
Bringing up your wedding when you know Elena just got dumped...that's just rubbing salt in the wound.
Brink your breakfast back.
Brinkmann is excited for the opportunity, but acknowledged how daunting studying at Oxford is.
Brinkmann said that her parents were very supportive of her and her three siblings growing up. They expected her to achieve, but weren’t strict about it, she said.
Brinkmann told VOA she is passionate about renewable energy and has focused her research on desalinating farm wastewater in the agriculturally lush Central Valley of California.
Brioche buns add a touch of sweetness.
Brioche buns add sweetness.
Brioche buns are soft.
Brioche buns elevate the taste.
Brioche buns make sweet burgers.
Brisance measures how quickly an exploding material reaches its maximum pressure.
Bristlecone pines grow in high mountain forests in eastern California, Nevada and Utah.
Britain and America are two countries divided by a common language.
Britain and China fought a couple of wars over trade in the 19th century.
Britain and China sign a Joint Declaration in which terms of Britain's 1997 return of Hong Kong to China are outlined. The 1984 Sino-British power transfer agreement specifies that China will allow Hong Kong a "high degree of autonomy" for 50 years. Beijing calls this "one country, two systems."
Britain and Ireland are exempt, even though they have hundreds of cases of the virus. Washington’s explanation is that neither country is part of the borderless Schengen travel zone.
Britain and the European Union began crucial talks this week on their future trade relationship after the Brexit transition period ends on December 31, 2020.
Britain and the U.S. have been playing catch-up ever since.
Britain began to industrialise in the late eighteenth century.
Britain began to industrialize in the late eighteenth century.
Britain demarcated a semi-autonomous region of Transjordan from Palestine in the early 1920s.
Britain established many colonies.
Britain faced dangerously low supplies of food.
Britain finished paying off its Second World War debts to the United States and Canada in 2006, and its First World War debts in 2015.
Britain has been on a major transphobic kick in recent years, with both parties now explicitly supporting transphobia.
Britain is a nation that may be justly called a republic, disguised under the form of a monarchy.
Britain is also an island.
Britain is an island as well.
Britain is an island.
Britain is apparently working to get a foothold in Algeria.
Britain is colder than Italy.
Britain is leaving the European Union in less than five months.
Britain is leaving the European Union.
Britain is separated from the Continent by the Channel.
Britain is the European Union's second-largest economy after Germany.
Britain joined several other European countries in ordering the closure of all non-essential shops and services.
Britain leans to the Atlantic rather than Europe in international relations.
Britain pulled out of the EU.
Britain refused to be part of the agreement.
Britain stands on the brink of a disorderly exit from the European Union, with unknowable — but likely dire — economic consequences.
Britain stands on the brink of a disorderly exit from the European Union.
Britain took the island in 1762 and vigorously expanded sugar production.
Britain was bankrupt after the Second Word War.
Britain was in no hurry to agree on a peace treaty.
Britain was not geared up for war then.
Britain's Prince Charles, the heir to the throne, has tested positive for the coronavirus, Buckingham Palace announced Wednesday.
Britain's Queen Elizabeth delivered the official Opening of Parliament speech Tuesday.
Britain's currency crisis has turned into a political one over government failure to stop the pound from going into free-fall.
Britain's fertility regulator has granted its first license for the genetic modification of human embryos for research into the causes of infertility and miscarriages.
Britain's own Climate Change Committee, an independent, statutory body established to advise the UK government on emission targets, says COP26 "marked a step forward in global efforts to address climate change."
Britain's royal family, politicians and sports stars are among the VIPs attending the London Games.
Britain, like the United States, didn’t take up the offer, preferring instead to develop their own testing methods for the virus.
Britain, the greatest empire the world has ever seen, decimated North America's and Australia's native populations.
Britain, too, is an island.
Britain’s Prince William and Prince Harry unveiled a statue to their late mother Princess Diana in a ceremony Thursday at London’s Kensington Palace, on what would have been her 60th birthday.
Britain’s benchmark FTSE index was up 1.7%. The CAC-40 in France climbed 2.3% and Germany’s DAX index was up just over one percent.
Britain’s biggest domestic airline is the latest casualty of the coronavirus outbreak.
Britain’s currency crisis has turned into a political one over government failure to stop the pound from going into free-fall.
Britain’s last day as an EU member is Friday.
Britain’s prime minister, Boris Johnson, has likened the scientists who have developed coronavirus vaccines to the cavalry arriving just in the nick of time. “The toot of the bugle is louder,” he reassured Britons during a recent news conference.
Britania was a land of Celtiberian population.
Brithenig is a fictional Romance language with the phonology of Welsh.
British English differs from American English in many ways.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has tested positive for COVID-19.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is battling to persuade lawmakers to back the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement he signed with the European Union.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson will make his debut on the world stage Saturday at the G7 Summit in France – where he will meet U.S. President Donald Trump to discuss a trade deal.
British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain was forced to resign.
British Sign Language (BSL) is recognised by law as an official language of Great Britain.
British accents vary wildly.
British and American travelers normally make up the biggest and most affluent pool of visitors to Greece.
British and Japanese cars have steering wheels on the right side.
British beautician due to fly home is arrested and faces 60 years in US jail.
British citizens are also allowed to exercise outdoors once a day.
British cyclist Chris Froome successfully defended his Tour de France title on Sunday, and has now won the multi-stage race three times in the past four years.
British doctors have been told that even if they are sick, they will need to carry on working.
British films are better than American films.
British forces at this time were winning victories.
British forces had begun the attack about the time the peace treaty was being signed in Ghent.
British haulers will be allowed to transport freight by road into the EU for a nine-month period without having to apply for special third-country permits.
British immigrants didn't speak standard English.
British media have posted online pictures of the goats roaming the streets, grazing on hedges and lounging in city parks.
British media said the military deployed technology similar to the Israeli-designed Drone Dome system, which can detect and disable a drone by jamming its communication frequencies.
British officers received their orders in April, 1775.
British officials announced that anyone who has visited northern Italy in the past two weeks should “self-isolate” at home, if he or she develops flu-like symptoms.
British officials are trying to ready the country for a “more widespread transmission” of coronavirus and have warned that in the event of a major spread cities could be locked down and public transport suspended.
British people are arrogant and rude.
British people are used to standing in queues.
British people can't rap, not because they lack skill, but because they have nothing to rap about. Americans rap about selling dope, killing people and smacking big botty bit#@s. Now what the hell is an British person gonna rap about? Drinking tea, riding ponies, playing cricket? C'mon man.
British photographer David Slater has reached an agreement with the animal-rights group PETA over a selfie shot by a crested macaque.
British police arrested Assange.
British prime minister David Cameron plans to resign.
British researchers say they have developed a portable breath analyzer that can detect even a very small amount of acetone in the patient’s breath.
British scientists have established that if you turn the flag of Japan upside down, you get the flag of Japan.
British scientists say they have found water for the first time in the atmosphere of a planet outside our solar system.
British settlement of the islands began in 1647; the islands became a colony in 1783.
British soccer fans sometimes get completely out of hand.
British soldiers looted the Kingdom of Benin in what is currently Edo state in Nigeria, during a punitive military expedition in 1897.
British spelling makes more sense than American spelling.
British troops held that area.
British voters overwhelmingly re-elected a racist, antisemitic, and Islamophobic prime minister.
Britons have been urged to not visit their mothers Sunday as the country celebrates Mother’s Day amid a worsening coronavirus outbreak.
Brits tend to understate things.
Britt made a video documenting each day of her quarantine so far.
Brittany is also known as Little Britain.
Brittany is in France.
Bro, what's your last name?
Broad bars of golden light from the lower windows stretched across the orchard and the moor.
Broad safety measures were put into effect.
Broad, low tables were scattered about, which bristled with retorts, test-tubes, and little Bunsen lamps, with their blue flickering flames.
Broadcasters from all corners of the globe have set up tents, tripods and generators along the closed off street near the entrance to the clinic.
Broadcasters select the programs they will air based on the audiences they hope to attract.
Broadcasting everything in Tweets definitely streamlines the presidential debates.
Broaden your horizon so that as you become more and more able to take care of yourself you will move intelligently.
Broadly construed, it's, uh, slightly useful.
Broadly speaking, dogs are more faithful than cats.
Broadly speaking, the project was successful.
Broccoli is green.
Broccoli is one of the best vegetables for you.
Broccoli is one of the healthiest vegetables.
Broccoli seedlings protect against cancer.
Broil the fillet for 8 to 12 minutes per side.
Broken English is the world’s most widespread language.
Broken dreams, and shattered shards of your soul; the shining pieces: gentle hands to make whole.
Broken glass lay scattered all over the road.
Broken people find each other.
Broken test tubes, cracked beakers - the work of careless students in the laboratory.
Brokers made a killing because of the high yen.
Brokers struggling to make a profit don't always play by the book.
Brokers struggling to make a profit don’t always play by the book.
Bronchitis is inflammation of the bronchi.
BronisÅ‚aw is eighteen years old.
Bronisław is eighteen years old.
Bronze Age burial tumuli often vary in size.
Bronze is composed of copper and tin.
Bronze-ware is largely made from alloys of brass and tin.
Bronzing bracken and mottled bramble gleamed in the light of the sinking sun.
Broom in hand, Mary ran to the balcony and leapt over the railing. Horrified, everyone rushed forward in her wake, thinking she had plunged to her certain death, but lo! – there she was, on the broom, soaring up from the depths, up over the city rooftops and away into the night sky and to freedom.
Bros before hoes.
Brose recalled treating a woman with a rare type of cancer called sarcoma. When they met, the patient was in a wheelchair and on oxygen. Brose said that three years after treatment, the woman is hiking with her kids.
Brother Bartolomé Arrazola was a Spanish monk.
Brother Jack, are you sleeping?
Brother Jacques, are you sleeping?
Brother John, are you sleeping?
Brother Placid Gross has been the main wrangler for the black Angus herd almost since he arrived at the abbey in 1957.
Brother men who live after us, Harden not your hearts against us.
Brother or sister, both are siblings.
Brotherhood exists in Algeria.
Brothers Grimm's Little Red Riding Hood has a neutral gender, while Charles Perrault's has a masculine one.
Brothers Grimm’s Little Red Riding Hood has a neutral gender, while Charles Perrault’s has a masculine one.
Brothers in arms are brothers for life.
Brothers love each other.
Brothers should not quarrel.
Brothers shouldn't fight.
Brothers shouldn't quarrel.
Brothers!
Brothers, let me put this in human terms. Even a human covenant, once it is ratified, cannot be canceled or amended.
Brothers, out beyond the firmament must live a very beloved father.
Brought up by a weak father, he is partial to sweets.
Brought up by a weak mother, she is partial to sweets.
Brown and his friends were forced to flee.
Brown bears are omnivores.
Brown geology professor Jim Head notes that most of the Earth's impact craters have been eroded away by wind and water or seismic shifts. So the lunar landscape, Head says, offers a unique platform on which to study how our planet and our solar system evolved.
Brown himself did not want to escape.
Brown is her birth name.
Brown is her maiden name.
Brown is not Tom's natural hair color.
Brown is not her natural hair color.
Brown is not her natural hair colour.
Brown is not so much a writer as a scholar.
Brown is our English teacher.
Brown rice has many health benefits.
Brown rice is boring. Serve white rice!
Brown rice is tedious. Serve white rice!
Brown saw that he was surrounded.
Brownies are quick and easy to make.
Browsers are not all secure.
Browsers are very useful.
Browsing long enough through eBay, you're sure to find something that you never knew you wanted.
Browsing long enough through eBay, you’re sure to find something that you never knew you wanted.
Brr – it's cold!
Brr! I'm freezing!
Brr! So cold!
Brr! This water's blooming cold!
Brr! This water's really cold!
Brr, it's cold.
Brrr! It's really cold in here.
Brrr! Winter's coming!
Brrr, it's cold!
Bruce Alberts, editor-in-chief of Science, said as a result of the work by the American and Dutch scientists, researchers now know how easy it is for the H5N1 virus to mutate, increasing the risk of a global pandemic.
Bruce Lee is a martial artist.
Bruce Springsteen is a rock singer and guitarist from New Jersey.
Bruce Springsteen was born in New Jersey.
Bruce caught Amber looking at his bulge.
Bruce chuckled to himself as he read the letter.
Bruce is a Hot Wheels collector.
Bruce took the book weakly.
Bruce used to be a popular name in Australia.
Bruce was terribly upset when his girlfriend left him, but he soon got over it.
Bruce, my Anglo-Saxon ex-neighbour on Lulu Island, believed that childhood is all that mattered in one's life. Do you agree?
Bruh, what?
Brumidi came to the United States in 1852, after he had received a papal pardon for his role in Italy's republican revolution.
Brunch is a combination of breakfast and lunch.
Brunch replaces breakfast and lunch.
Brunch was delightful, even after the Catacombs scared the hell out of me!
Bruning studies a single species of ant. High above the ants, pink flowered almendro trees brighten the forest’s canopy. Worker ants carry the flowers to their home. An Azteca ant colony is a big structure that takes more than a year to build. The ants they shelter are the favorite meal of anteaters.
Bruno abruptly snapped back to consciousness and listened.
Bruno accidentally dropped his flashlight.
Bruno adored his wife.
Bruno advised Rima not to tell people he was from Morocco.
Bruno advised Rima to be careful.
Bruno advised Rima to keep her ego in check.
Bruno advised Rima to stay close to the kids.
Bruno advised we should leave the building.
Bruno aggressively left the car, ready to confront Isabella's boyfriend.
Bruno agreed to let Rima work half a day.
Bruno and Isabella are expecting a child.
Bruno and Isabella chilled in the dark, drinking beers and talking.
Bruno and Isabella didn't speak to each other for about a week.
Bruno and Isabella got into a long conversation about what just happened.
Bruno and Isabella had a black female servant living with them.
Bruno and Isabella looked at each other with telling faces of how freaked out they were.
Bruno and Isabella were discussing what that thing could be.
Bruno and Isabella were sharing a room.
Bruno and Isabella were the only people on the beach.
Bruno and Rima became separated from the group.
Bruno and Rima continued walking.
Bruno and Rima reunited.
Bruno and Rima shared about their lives.
Bruno and Rima started working as a team.
Bruno and Sami are the very best of friends.
Bruno and Shmuel are unlikely friends who might be playmates were it not for the electrified barbed wire fence that separates them. Bruno is the inquisitive son of a rising star in the elite SS corps of Nazi Germany's Third Reich. The father's new assignment takes them from their comfortable Berlin home to a rural farm town where the lonely youngster spots some kids in the distance and asks his mother about visiting them.
Bruno and his family built a new settlement.
Bruno and his friends went to the beach at night and had a little bonfire with some drinks.
Bruno and his men were forced to retreat to higher ground.
Bruno appeared before Rima completed her task.
Bruno approached Rima to stab her with his knife.
Bruno approached the entrance to the mall.
Bruno approached the shop.
Bruno armed himself with a knife.
Bruno arrived at the garage.
Bruno arrived on horseback.
Bruno asked Isabella if Walid is working tonight.
Bruno asked Isabella if she believed in ghosts.
Bruno asked Isabella if something was wrong.
Bruno asked Isabella if there was a problem.
Bruno asked Isabella to come inside.
Bruno asked Isabella what she was going.
Bruno asked Isabella where her friend was.
Bruno asked Isabella why she was doing the night shift.
Bruno asked John if he had a girlfriend.
Bruno asked Rima to keep Walid safe.
Bruno asked Rima to kiss him.
Bruno asked Rima to stay behind.
Bruno asked Rima to stop what she was doing.
Bruno asked where Rima was.
Bruno assured Rima he would come back for her.
Bruno assured the detective that he would turn himself in.
Bruno assured the girl he wouldn’t harm her.
Bruno attacked the alien.
Bruno attracted the alien’s attention.
Bruno awakened inside the spaceship.
Bruno backed down the hill.
Bruno became agitated and aggressive towards Rima.
Bruno began babysitting at fourteen.
Bruno began laughing.
Bruno began sliding the bill through the crack of the door.
Bruno began waving Isabella over.
Bruno belongs to Team 4.
Bruno blamed Rima for the disastrous outcome of the heist.
Bruno booked it out of the parking lot.
Bruno booked it through the tunnel.
Bruno broke free from the wires bonding him.
Bruno broke into tears out of guilt.
Bruno brought Isabella back to town.
Bruno called his boss at least five times before he finally picked up.
Bruno called out: "Do you need help, sir?"
Bruno called the office where Rima had applied for a job and found out that they had never heard of her.
Bruno calmed Isabella down.
Bruno came at about five thirty.
Bruno came back with a couple pieces of wood.
Bruno came face to face with an alien.
Bruno came in to buy beer.
Bruno came inside and left the food on the table.
Bruno came out of his brother's room.
Bruno came out to investigate.
Bruno came to Rima’s rescue.
Bruno came to hang out on the beach.
Bruno can't believe that.
Bruno can't carry this bag home.
Bruno can't explain what happened that day.
Bruno can't watch Netflix content from that country.
Bruno cannot see them.
Bruno can’t afford chemo.
Bruno can’t afford the surgery.
Bruno can’t fight against the aliens.
Bruno can’t let Rima leave.
Bruno can’t open the vault without activating the alarm.
Bruno capsized the boat.
Bruno carefully climbed back up.
Bruno carried around a camera.
Bruno caught Isabella off guard and she didn't know what to think.
Bruno caught a really big fish.
Bruno changed into his uniform.
Bruno chased after the woman.
Bruno checked all the stalls in the bathroom.
Bruno checked the data.
Bruno checked the kitchen.
Bruno choked the urge to say something.
Bruno chose that life for himself.
Bruno claimed that Rima had lost her mind.
Bruno climbed into the vessel.
Bruno climbed the stairs, too.
Bruno closed his visor again.
Bruno collected payments from drug dealers.
Bruno complained to Rima about the roadblock.
Bruno contacted the incoming spaceship.
Bruno continued to inch away from Isabella.
Bruno continues with his work.
Bruno convinced Rima to participate in the game.
Bruno could hear Isabella walking and dragging a bag.
Bruno could hear a fridge nearby.
Bruno could see through the window.
Bruno couldn't fight.
Bruno couldn't get the fire to catch.
Bruno couldn't see Isabella anymore.
Bruno couldn't understand what that voice was saying.
Bruno couldn’t figure out his own name.
Bruno covered his mouth to keep from breathing loudly.
Bruno craved attention a little too much.
Bruno created a cult.
Bruno cried and apologized.
Bruno deactivated the alarm.
Bruno decided to go camping in Bejaia, Algeria.
Bruno decided to go with Rima instead.
Bruno decided to just bite the bullet and ask Isabella out on a date.
Bruno decided to leave Rima.
Bruno decided to set up a video blog.
Bruno decided to stay on the beach.
Bruno decided to take what was left.
Bruno decided to visit Rima at the grocery.
Bruno deliberately got himself arrested.
Bruno deposited his valuables at the reception.
Bruno descended to the fourth floor.
Bruno detonated the explosives.
Bruno did another delivery that night and went home.
Bruno did good for others.
Bruno did laundry.
Bruno did something that surprised all of us.
Bruno didn't believe it was over.
Bruno didn't catch any fish.
Bruno didn't drill those holes.
Bruno didn't even noticed.
Bruno didn't follow Isabella in.
Bruno didn't have his phone on him.
Bruno didn't have school the next day.
Bruno didn't know if he was safe or not.
Bruno didn't let Isabella watch South Park on the TV.
Bruno didn't see anyone else.
Bruno didn't stop to see which way Isabella went.
Bruno didn't want to sell the land.
Bruno didn’t disclose that to the group.
Bruno didn’t get a good look of the thief.
Bruno died from spontaneous human combustion.
Bruno died in the hospital not long afterwards.
Bruno disabled the electric fence.
Bruno disabled the robot.
Bruno disappeared forever.
Bruno disappeared, never to be seen again.
Bruno disclosed that he was indebted to Rima.
Bruno discovered Rima’s corpse.
Bruno discovered that he was underwater.
Bruno doesn’t have the authority to do that.
Bruno doesn’t match the description.
Bruno doubted Isabella as well.
Bruno drilled a hole in the wall to spy on Isabella.
Bruno drives slowly.
Bruno dropped the bag of food on the floor.
Bruno drove back to the bank.
Bruno drove down the dirt trail for forty minutes.
Bruno drove off the beach.
Bruno drove out of the parking lot.
Bruno drove slow.
Bruno drove to a less crowded beach.
Bruno emerged and chased Rima.
Bruno emerged from the depths of the jungle and surrendered to the authorities.
Bruno emerged quickly, grabbing Isabella and locking her in hold.
Bruno encouraged Rima to get out of the car and stretch her legs.
Bruno ended up in a coma the last time he played football.
Bruno engaged the guard.
Bruno entered a large building.
Bruno entered the bank with a gun.
Bruno entered the bar.
Bruno entered the bathroom.
Bruno entered the planet’s atmosphere.
Bruno entered the plant.
Bruno escaped through a secret passageway.
Bruno eventually wanted towards the vehicle and started inspecting it.
Bruno exited the van.
Bruno expected to find an intruder in the closet.
Bruno explained the noise only affected women.
Bruno explained the reason for not paying.
Bruno explored the lower level of the mall.
Bruno feared for his life.
Bruno felt a bit creeped out.
Bruno felt as if something would reach out and grab him.
Bruno felt betrayed.
Bruno felt like Isabella stared into his soul.
Bruno felt sick to his stomach as he listened to those weird noises.
Bruno felt trapped.
Bruno figured out that the reactor needed to be reset.
Bruno finally asked Isabella if she worked there.
Bruno finally looked up from his book.
Bruno finally surrendered.
Bruno finally turned around and walked out of the store.
Bruno finished his last beer and went to sleep.
Bruno flushed the toilet and washed his hands.
Bruno followed Rima to attack her again.
Bruno followed the professor intently.
Bruno followed the van.
Bruno forced Rima to reveal everything.
Bruno found Isabella a suitor.
Bruno found Rima making out with a stranger in her car.
Bruno found Rima’s body.
Bruno found Rima’s dead body in the garage.
Bruno found a communication beacon.
Bruno found a couple cardboard boxes in the basement.
Bruno found a dead animal floating in the water.
Bruno found a good place to set up camp.
Bruno found a way to communicate with mission control.
Bruno found five dead bodies in the basement.
Bruno found himself tied upside down.
Bruno found that the money was gone.
Bruno found the door that led downstairs to the dark basement.
Bruno found this treasure when the lake went down.
Bruno found various kitchen knives on the floor.
Bruno found writing on the walls of the hallway.
Bruno gathered the DNA of every plant in the area.
Bruno gave Isabella a better tip.
Bruno gave Isabella a firm handshake.
Bruno gave Rima a large bag full of money.
Bruno gave Rima a message from Walid.
Bruno gave Rima four thousand dinars as a bonus.
Bruno gave Rima the highest score.
Bruno got a job as a police officer.
Bruno got himself in trouble.
Bruno got his money back.
Bruno got his tires fixed.
Bruno got in serious trouble.
Bruno got in the truck right away and left.
Bruno got into the tent that he pitched for himself.
Bruno got off work.
Bruno got out of the shower after hearing that noise.
Bruno got out of the truck.
Bruno got punched by Rima as well.
Bruno got pushed off.
Bruno got scared.
Bruno got shot in the process.
Bruno got shot.
Bruno got the hell out of there.
Bruno got the highest score.
Bruno got tired of hearing John's nonsensical stories.
Bruno got to his truck.
Bruno got to the beach.
Bruno got to the entrance of the tunnel.
Bruno got up seconds later and began to chase Isabella.
Bruno got upset and left the room.
Bruno grabbed Rima and slammed her on the table.
Bruno grabbed the door as everyone exited.
Bruno grabbed the shotgun and killed Isabella.
Bruno greeted Isabella and asked her for help.
Bruno had a creepy neighbor.
Bruno had a dilemma on who to give the rifle to.
Bruno had a little girl.
Bruno had a long session at the gym.
Bruno had a nightmarish story to tell.
Bruno had a psychological breakdown after four years on duty.
Bruno had a simple salad sandwich for himself.
Bruno had a tapping sound coming from the stall next to him.
Bruno had no fingers left.
Bruno had no idea what Isabella's intentions were.
Bruno had serious health conditions.
Bruno had the beach to himself.
Bruno had to cross a tunnel to get to the amusement park.
Bruno had to finish college.
Bruno had to try.
Bruno handed Isabella a bag of chips.
Bruno has a few distant relatives in Algeria.
Bruno has a mental disability.
Bruno has a military background.
Bruno has an arrest warrant.
Bruno has been having problems controlling his abilities.
Bruno has been in a gunfight.
Bruno has been living down there.
Bruno has likely been there the whole time.
Bruno has no known living relatives.
Bruno has one week to pay what he owes to Rima.
Bruno has survived.
Bruno has the ability to move objects around.
Bruno has the power to read minds.
Bruno has to do something for Rima.
Bruno has to extract that information from Rima with any means necessary.
Bruno has to play the game and go to the next level.
Bruno has to remove the suit as soon as possible.
Bruno has trouble controlling his superpowers.
Bruno hasn't taken a bite of his sandwich.
Bruno hasn’t seen a woman his whole life.
Bruno headed back out.
Bruno headed back to his truck.
Bruno headed straight to the beach.
Bruno headed to another settlement.
Bruno heard Isabella running away.
Bruno heard Isabella screaming from the basement.
Bruno heard Rima whimpering.
Bruno heard a bang-like sound coming from the basement.
Bruno heard a car door shut outside.
Bruno heard a click from behind him.
Bruno heard a crash far behind him.
Bruno heard a humming from the same spot.
Bruno heard a loud thud come from his brother's room.
Bruno heard a noise outside of the bedroom.
Bruno heard a rattle in the distance.
Bruno heard a sound coming from the basement.
Bruno heard a tap at the door.
Bruno heard a ticking noise.
Bruno heard a toilet flush.
Bruno heard a very gentle tap at the door.
Bruno heard a weird rumbling noise.
Bruno heard another bang-like sound.
Bruno heard footsteps outside the tent.
Bruno heard movement in all directions.
Bruno heard screeching sounds across the corridor.
Bruno heard something in there.
Bruno heard something walking around.
Bruno heard strange noises coming from all over his house.
Bruno heard talking coming from his brother's room.
Bruno heard that sound again.
Bruno heard the bathroom door open.
Bruno heard the clinking of the knife hitting the ground behind him.
Bruno heard the door open and close.
Bruno heard the door to the store sliding open.
Bruno heard the footsteps, too.
Bruno heard the gunshots.
Bruno heard the monsters getting closer.
Bruno heard the sound of a car starting outside.
Bruno heard the sound of a twig snapping.
Bruno heard the sound of someone breathing.
Bruno heard the truck start.
Bruno heard the whistling again.
Bruno held Rima at gunpoint.
Bruno held Rima underwater, drowning her.
Bruno held Rima’s hand.
Bruno held a knife to Rima’s neck.
Bruno held the alien down while Rima hit it with a crowbar.
Bruno helped Rima get inside the van.
Bruno hesitated to shoot.
Bruno hid behind the counter, bowled up like a child.
Bruno hid in another part of the ship.
Bruno hurried away outside.
Bruno hurried to finish the job.
Bruno hurt his ankle.
Bruno immediately told the news to his teammates.
Bruno informed Rima that she was in his ship.
Bruno injected Rima with that drug to relieve the pain.
Bruno injected the tranquilizer into Rima.
Bruno inquired about the cost of the surgery.
Bruno insisted that no bank employee should get killed.
Bruno inspected the ship.
Bruno instructed his men to torture Rima.
Bruno insulted Rima’s death.
Bruno investigated the robbery at the office.
Bruno is a Florida resident.
Bruno is a crew member.
Bruno is a felon.
Bruno is a highly trained soldier.
Bruno is a used car salesman.
Bruno is a very skilled gamer.
Bruno is an electrician like Rima.
Bruno is an escaped captive.
Bruno is behind Rima’s death.
Bruno is being silly.
Bruno is board certified in psychiatry.
Bruno is capable of flying and landing the ship.
Bruno is certainly one of a kind.
Bruno is driving in his car.
Bruno is frank and earnest with women. In Fresno, he's Frank and in Chicago, he's Ernest.
Bruno is from the rescue team.
Bruno is gone for good this time.
Bruno is in the communications room.
Bruno is just a child.
Bruno is looking for them.
Bruno is looking for treasure.
Bruno is not a big guy and is far from a fighter.
Bruno is now saying that he's transgender.
Bruno is starting chemo soon.
Bruno is still working on it.
Bruno is suing his parents for giving birth to him.
Bruno is the author of five books and his work is translated into fourteen languages, including Berber.
Bruno is the only Muslim player.
Bruno is the only one left.
Bruno is the town mayor.
Bruno is too young to be doing that.
Bruno isn't a king yet.
Bruno journeyed to Earth.
Bruno jumped through one of the holes.
Bruno just burst into flames.
Bruno just stood there, waiting for the sound again.
Bruno kept Isabella in the house as much as he could.
Bruno kept looking in the rear view mirror every other second.
Bruno kept making the ticking noise.
Bruno kept saying that over and over.
Bruno kept shifting from drive to reverse.
Bruno kept the truth hidden.
Bruno kicked Rima in the face.
Bruno knew Isabella was looking at him.
Bruno knew Isabella was staring at him.
Bruno knew Isabella was wearing a coat.
Bruno knew about the experiment.
Bruno knew he was being chased by something.
Bruno knew he was trapped.
Bruno knocked and knocked and knocked.
Bruno learnt how to sew.
Bruno learnt that humanity had been decimated.
Bruno learnt to speak Berber with Rima.
Bruno led Rima to safety.
Bruno led Rima to the crash site.
Bruno left Rima helpless.
Bruno left Rima stranded on the planet.
Bruno left Rima to die when she was shot.
Bruno left at least fifty thousand dinars worth of equipment at that campsite.
Bruno left because he had no permit for a fruit stall.
Bruno left everything at that campsite.
Bruno left peacefully.
Bruno left the bank.
Bruno left the beach.
Bruno left the job a few months later.
Bruno left the mall.
Bruno left the place.
Bruno left the site.
Bruno left without the money.
Bruno let go of Isabella.
Bruno lived alone.
Bruno lived in that house until his death.
Bruno lived on the fourth floor.
Bruno lived with that family.
Bruno lives an area with nothing but woods and mountains as far as the eye can see.
Bruno lives in a small town in Algeria.
Bruno locked the aliens out.
Bruno looked around the beach and didn't see anyone.
Bruno looked at Isabella and she looked at him.
Bruno looked at Isabella when she entered the apartment.
Bruno looked at the sky.
Bruno looked at what Isabella was pointing at.
Bruno looked dangerous and unstable.
Bruno looked for a safe route.
Bruno looked forward to that field trip.
Bruno looked like an overgrown baby.
Bruno looked like he was reaching for something.
Bruno looked to his left.
Bruno looked up again.
Bruno looked up and gasped.
Bruno looked up at the window again.
Bruno looked up one more time.
Bruno lost all his fingers.
Bruno lost communication with Rima.
Bruno lost his armor.
Bruno lost his kingdom to Isabella's father.
Bruno lost sight of Isabella.
Bruno loves to howl with the wolves under the full moon.
Bruno made Rima feel claustrophobic.
Bruno made a team.
Bruno made his siblings sandwiches.
Bruno made his way to the basement floor.
Bruno made it back safely.
Bruno made it out of the reactor bay.
Bruno made it to the bottom.
Bruno made it to the tunnel.
Bruno made much noise.
Bruno made the delivery and came back quickly.
Bruno makes this ticking noise when he calls his cat.
Bruno managed to lead us right to the truck.
Bruno managed to make it back to the aquarium.
Bruno may be sick in the head.
Bruno may never know the truth.
Bruno mentioned Rima’s ailing mother.
Bruno met a woman named Rima.
Bruno motioned for Isabella to get into the tent.
Bruno moved far away from the city before the aliens attacked.
Bruno moved on to the next room.
Bruno murdered five police officers.
Bruno must be nearby.
Bruno needed the money to pay for Rima’s treatment.
Bruno needs to complete the mission.
Bruno needs to get to the lower floor.
Bruno never babysat for Isabella again.
Bruno never backed away.
Bruno never holds in his farts.
Bruno never learnt how to read.
Bruno never learnt how to swim.
Bruno noticed that Rima’s tattoo had disappeared.
Bruno noticed the headlights of Isabella's truck.
Bruno nudged Isabella to move.
Bruno observed the place.
Bruno offered Rima a drink.
Bruno offered to cook for Rima.
Bruno only managed to take fifty thousand dinars.
Bruno only responded in loud noises.
Bruno only worked there for another month after that.
Bruno opened his visor.
Bruno opened the door and came inside.
Bruno opened the pod.
Bruno opened the top part of the sandwich and saw a cockroach.
Bruno owned a land in Bejaia, Algeria.
Bruno paid Isabella fifteen dollars an hour for doing the night shift.
Bruno panicked as he saw the water rise rapidly.
Bruno parked in what appeared to be the middle of nowhere.
Bruno passed the bathrooms.
Bruno paused his YouTube video and headed to the bathroom.
Bruno picked Rima up on the street.
Bruno picked all his stuff up and started speed-walking back to his truck.
Bruno picked up his brother-in-law to take him to work.
Bruno picked up the phone on the counter and called the cops.
Bruno pitched a tent for Isabella.
Bruno planned to take control of the ship.
Bruno pointed his gun at Rima.
Bruno prepared for the heist.
Bruno prepared to hit the alien when it came out.
Bruno pressed charges for stalking.
Bruno pretended to be in pain.
Bruno promised Rima that he would come back for her.
Bruno promised Rima to help her find her family later.
Bruno promised to be careful.
Bruno pulled Rima away.
Bruno pulled his arm out of the hole.
Bruno pulled on to Isabella's property.
Bruno pulled out a knife and handed it to Rima.
Bruno pulled up to Isabella's house at ten o'clock that night.
Bruno put his ear up to the van and listened.
Bruno put his hand on Isabella's shoulder.
Bruno put on a safety vest.
Bruno ran after Rima.
Bruno ran as fast as possible.
Bruno ran away through the secret passageway.
Bruno ran back to the shower.
Bruno ran down to the basement with Isabella.
Bruno ran downhill.
Bruno ran from his pursuers.
Bruno ran in the pitch black.
Bruno ran out of the house.
Bruno ran over to the living room to check on Isabella.
Bruno ran to the back room and locked the door.
Bruno ran to the door so he could lock it.
Bruno ran to the same place he came in from.
Bruno reached a no-fly zone.
Bruno reached an exit door.
Bruno reached the reactor.
Bruno reached the river rapids.
Bruno reached the river.
Bruno reached the surface.
Bruno reacted in a very remorseless way.
Bruno realized a bullet hit him.
Bruno realized that Rima didn’t want to leave.
Bruno realized that he was alone in the room.
Bruno received a medal for bravery.
Bruno recently announced that he was neither sex.
Bruno refused to abandon his homeland.
Bruno refused to be included in the project.
Bruno refused to come with Rima.
Bruno refused to get any sleep until the sun came up.
Bruno remembers the music of the time.
Bruno rented a beach house for the weekend.
Bruno rescued the captain.
Bruno reset the reactor.
Bruno resumed his cleaning activities.
Bruno resumed his journey.
Bruno retaliated.
Bruno returned to Rima.
Bruno returned to his life.
Bruno returned to the bus.
Bruno returned to town to gather supplies.
Bruno reunited with Rima.
Bruno revealed his thought.
Bruno revealed that he knew where he can hide.
Bruno rolled down his window and stuck his head out.
Bruno rushed away.
Bruno rushed to Rima.
Bruno safely passed through.
Bruno said Rima he liked her.
Bruno said Rima reminded him of his ex-wife.
Bruno said the woman was an angel sent by God to purify them from their sins.
Bruno sat at the fire, drinking.
Bruno sat next to Rima.
Bruno saw Isabella's truck was still there.
Bruno saw Rima fall to the ground.
Bruno saw Rima’s car.
Bruno saw a blue object in the water.
Bruno saw a terrorist approaching Rima.
Bruno saw an enormous spacecraft hovering above the town.
Bruno saw some drawings on the walls.
Bruno saw someone run behind the counter and hide.
Bruno saw someone standing there.
Bruno saw that object.
Bruno saw the aliens rounding up some town residents.
Bruno saw the monster moving in his direction.
Bruno saw what was on the other side.
Bruno scavenged for food.
Bruno scolded Rima for working at the club.
Bruno screamed as if something was about to kill him.
Bruno seemed incredibly off.
Bruno seemed much closer.
Bruno seemed ready to run.
Bruno seemed to be better than Walid.
Bruno seemed to know about that area.
Bruno sent a multilingual message from Earth.
Bruno set up camp and started a fire.
Bruno set up some traps.
Bruno set up the five tents.
Bruno settled in.
Bruno shifted from drive to reverse.
Bruno shined his flashlight into the shop and scanned the area.
Bruno shot Rima down and walked towards her to shoot her four more times.
Bruno shot Rima in the back.
Bruno shot Rima twice.
Bruno shot Rima until she was dead.
Bruno shot a Nerf gun at Isabella.
Bruno shot the alien in the head with his pistol.
Bruno shot the alien with his pistol.
Bruno shot the terrorist down.
Bruno should never have taken that ring.
Bruno showed Rima around.
Bruno showed the boss the video footage.
Bruno showed up after Isabella left.
Bruno shows signs of burn-out.
Bruno shut the blinds to the windows.
Bruno slammed the door behind him.
Bruno slid down the sand hill.
Bruno slipped out of the room.
Bruno slowly nodded his head.
Bruno slowly turned his head to face Isabella.
Bruno slowly turned the knob and the door was unlocked.
Bruno slowly walked back outside, not looking at Isabella once.
Bruno smashed his helmet.
Bruno sped out on his motorcycle.
Bruno spends his birthday in solitary confinement.
Bruno spent most of the time listening.
Bruno spoke from outside the tent.
Bruno spotted Rima’s van.
Bruno spotted a stranger stealing from his bar.
Bruno spotted an enemy sitting in the room.
Bruno stabbed Rima in the eye.
Bruno stabbed the alien in the chest.
Bruno stabbed the alien repeatedly until it died.
Bruno stared at Isabella and she stared at him.
Bruno started a bonfire.
Bruno started a nice fire.
Bruno started antagonizing Rima.
Bruno started beating Rima out of anger.
Bruno started beating the alien.
Bruno started by asking Isabella her name.
Bruno started feeling around for Isabella.
Bruno started feeling strange symptoms.
Bruno started hallucinating as his symptoms got worse.
Bruno started hearing muffled sounds in the dark.
Bruno started learning Berber today.
Bruno started making weird noises.
Bruno started paddling away.
Bruno started shooting at the cops.
Bruno started shooting out lasers.
Bruno started shouting: "Hey, come here!"
Bruno started singing the song in a creepy high-pitched voice.
Bruno started talking to that girl.
Bruno started to dance uncontrollably.
Bruno started to feel lightheaded.
Bruno started to hear a disturbing noise.
Bruno started to laugh.
Bruno started to unload the truck.
Bruno started to wonder more and more what Isabella's intentions were.
Bruno started walking Isabella to the woods with a knife.
Bruno started walking very quickly over to the door.
Bruno started yelling like a maniac.
Bruno stayed behind.
Bruno stayed hidden in a corner behind the counter.
Bruno stepped back outside.
Bruno stepped out of the car with a small brown bag of food.
Bruno still has no idea what that could have been.
Bruno still heard Rima’s voice.
Bruno still says that today.
Bruno stole the eggs.
Bruno stood back up.
Bruno stood next to the light switch.
Bruno stood still in the crops.
Bruno stood up at a towering height.
Bruno stopped and became silent.
Bruno stopped chasing Isabella.
Bruno stopped dead in his tracks, right at the door.
Bruno stormed out, too.
Bruno struggled to fight with the alien.
Bruno struggled to pay for his mom’s medical bills.
Bruno struggled to remember details about his mission.
Bruno struggled to understand Berber.
Bruno successfully reattached the antenna.
Bruno suddenly woke up and flailed around.
Bruno suited up.
Bruno surrendered in a surprisingly calm manner.
Bruno switched his lights off.
Bruno swung the club at Rima.
Bruno tackled the alien down and started stabbing it.
Bruno taught Rima how to use the rifle properly.
Bruno tested Rima’s strength again.
Bruno texted every friend he had to see who was awake.
Bruno thanked Isabella for saving his life.
Bruno thinks that it’s not a good idea.
Bruno threatened to call the police on Isabella.
Bruno threatened to shoot Rima if Walid didn’t reveal himself.
Bruno threatened to shoot Rima.
Bruno threw Rima across the room.
Bruno threw a grenade at the terrorists.
Bruno threw on the clothes he had in the bathroom and started searching the house.
Bruno threw the knife at Isabella.
Bruno told Isabella not to expect much from the tour.
Bruno told Isabella to run ahead to the tunnel.
Bruno told Isabella to stay away of that man.
Bruno told Isabella to step out.
Bruno told Isabella to strap in.
Bruno told Rima he was just passing by.
Bruno told Rima he was safe.
Bruno told Rima his true name.
Bruno told Rima that her boss was a jerk.
Bruno told Rima that the noise came from the woods.
Bruno told Rima to get inside the van.
Bruno told Rima to run away.
Bruno told Rima to stay behind him.
Bruno told Rima what to do.
Bruno told the crowd to run for cover.
Bruno told the story.
Bruno took Isabella to some of Algeria's historical sites.
Bruno took Rima’s gun.
Bruno took a detour.
Bruno took a look inside the pod.
Bruno took deep breaths.
Bruno took his students on a field trip to a museum.
Bruno took off on his own.
Bruno took the gun away from Rima.
Bruno took the picture.
Bruno totally bought into it.
Bruno touched Rima to heal her.
Bruno transported the four million dinars to the bank.
Bruno tried dragging Isabella.
Bruno tried to call for backup.
Bruno tried to calm Rima down.
Bruno tried to come up with a logical scenario.
Bruno tried to comfort Rima.
Bruno tried to contact other team members but no one answered.
Bruno tried to escape the town discreetly.
Bruno tried to escape through the window.
Bruno tried to hit Rima but she blocked him.
Bruno tried to hit the alien again.
Bruno tried to inject Rima with the sedative.
Bruno tried to keep quiet.
Bruno tried to kill Rima.
Bruno tried to open the airlock manually.
Bruno tried to open the door to the bridge.
Bruno tried to put it out of his mind.
Bruno tried to quiet the noise down.
Bruno tried to rationalize.
Bruno tried to revive Rima.
Bruno tried to scare Isabella when she came home from school.
Bruno tried to see into the van.
Bruno tried to start a fire.
Bruno turned around, pulled the trigger and killed Isabella.
Bruno turned himself over to the authorities.
Bruno turned off his flashlight.
Bruno turned the beacon on.
Bruno turned the truck around.
Bruno unholstered his gun.
Bruno unloaded the trunk.
Bruno urged Isabella to turn off the lights.
Bruno used his gun.
Bruno used his phone as a light.
Bruno used his telekinetic power to knock the gun out of Rima’s hand.
Bruno used his telekinetic powers to keep the guards incapacitated.
Bruno used only knives.
Bruno used to work at a gas station in Algiers.
Bruno used to work in a general store.
Bruno used to work the night shift at a gas station.
Bruno visited his dad in prison.
Bruno visited his mom at the grocery.
Bruno visited his mom at the hospital.
Bruno visited many colonial homes in Algiers.
Bruno waited for Isabella by the register.
Bruno waited for Isabella on the beach.
Bruno waited for another noise.
Bruno waited for his parents to get home.
Bruno waited in absolute horror.
Bruno waited in the bathroom for what seemed like an eternity.
Bruno waited there for at least forty minutes.
Bruno walked alone at night.
Bruno walked back to the room.
Bruno walked closer to Rima.
Bruno walked down the concrete stairs.
Bruno walked in and congratulated both Rima and Walid.
Bruno walked over to see what it was Isabella was staring at.
Bruno walked to the back section of the store.
Bruno wandered off on his own.
Bruno wandered off to explore the museum on his own.
Bruno wanted Isabella to work at the store.
Bruno wanted Rima to kill Walid.
Bruno wanted a more permanent job.
Bruno wanted to avoid attracting the attention of the monsters.
Bruno wanted to avoid being detected by the aliens.
Bruno wanted to be anywhere but there.
Bruno wanted to be around when Rima’s baby arrived.
Bruno wanted to claim back his father's kingdom.
Bruno wanted to go to the beach firework show.
Bruno wanted to help Rima catch Walid.
Bruno wanted to help Rima escape.
Bruno wanted to keep working.
Bruno wanted to throw up.
Bruno wanted to use the chainsaw for another job.
Bruno wants to know what holds the world together at its core.
Bruno wants to speak Berber a little bit better.
Bruno was a horrible actor.
Bruno was a superpowered human being.
Bruno was a very quiet kid when no one was around.
Bruno was about to shake his head no, but Isabella said yes.
Bruno was accepted for a permanent job.
Bruno was actually looking at Isabella.
Bruno was afraid of Rima.
Bruno was amazed by that.
Bruno was apparently really crazy.
Bruno was at the bottom of the stairs.
Bruno was awakened.
Bruno was back behind the counter.
Bruno was badly wounded.
Bruno was balding and his remaining hair was grey.
Bruno was baptized.
Bruno was becoming paranoid of his surroundings.
Bruno was being carried away by a monster.
Bruno was being chased by aliens.
Bruno was blaming those hallucinations just simply on the lack of sleep.
Bruno was busy shooting at the terrorists.
Bruno was called in to do the night shift.
Bruno was choking Isabella.
Bruno was cleaning.
Bruno was counting money.
Bruno was crying in his cubicle.
Bruno was curious to know about that.
Bruno was dangerously ill.
Bruno was delivering Chinese food at a local Chinese place.
Bruno was determined to defeat Rima.
Bruno was determined to speak to Isabella about what happened that day.
Bruno was driving a blue pickup truck.
Bruno was driving around the parking lot.
Bruno was driving down a quiet road.
Bruno was expected to work the night shift.
Bruno was fairly close to the light switch.
Bruno was fatally shot.
Bruno was floating in the water.
Bruno was fully recovered.
Bruno was genuinely disturbed.
Bruno was getting into the truck.
Bruno was given a technologically advanced uniform.
Bruno was going to die.
Bruno was hanging from a wire but Rima cut him loose.
Bruno was hanging from a wire.
Bruno was happy that he had the next day off.
Bruno was having the same problem.
Bruno was heading to a bathroom to relieve himself.
Bruno was helping his injured compatriots.
Bruno was hiding in a corner.
Bruno was holding a spear.
Bruno was home alone all night.
Bruno was home half an hour later.
Bruno was hoping to contact someone.
Bruno was in a body bag, too.
Bruno was in control of the ship.
Bruno was in direct sight for Isabella.
Bruno was in fear for his life.
Bruno was in the bathroom, facing the door.
Bruno was in the corner of the kitchen.
Bruno was in the crowd.
Bruno was in the embryonic chamber.
Bruno was in the grass.
Bruno was in the middle of nowhere.
Bruno was in the vents.
Bruno was increasingly terrified.
Bruno was instantly wary of that guy.
Bruno was jumping up and down.
Bruno was just standing still.
Bruno was labeled as a terrorist.
Bruno was left in charge of flying the ship.
Bruno was likely Isabella's next victim.
Bruno was likely to be Isabella's next victim.
Bruno was living with his mom.
Bruno was looking at Isabella with a smile.
Bruno was looking at the top shelf.
Bruno was looking for another opening.
Bruno was looking for food.
Bruno was looking through the glass into Isabella's truck.
Bruno was looking up at the ceiling.
Bruno was making Isabella dinner.
Bruno was making a ticking noise to call his cat.
Bruno was much younger.
Bruno was mugged and murdered.
Bruno was not laughing.
Bruno was obviously confused.
Bruno was on drugs.
Bruno was on security duty.
Bruno was on the bridge of the ship.
Bruno was on the computer.
Bruno was only given one armor.
Bruno was only trying to protect Rima.
Bruno was organizing the shelves.
Bruno was peeking at Isabella.
Bruno was prepared to do business with Isabella.
Bruno was pretty mad at Isabella.
Bruno was pretty spooked from the events of that night.
Bruno was probably in his mid-forties.
Bruno was put on trial.
Bruno was puzzled by Rima’s behavior.
Bruno was raised by his grandparents.
Bruno was reading the paper.
Bruno was ready to go to sleep.
Bruno was ready to watch the fireworks from there.
Bruno was really into Isabella.
Bruno was researching sex education.
Bruno was right outside the door.
Bruno was seen dressed up as Harry Potter.
Bruno was sent to Guantanamo.
Bruno was serving out his years in a state penitentiary.
Bruno was sharing a room with Isabella during that trip.
Bruno was shocked to learn that his whole life had been a lie.
Bruno was shocked to see Rima.
Bruno was shot twice.
Bruno was sitting at his window sill.
Bruno was sitting at the kitchen table.
Bruno was sitting on a beach chair.
Bruno was so full of hate and spite.
Bruno was so young and unexperienced.
Bruno was standing behind Isabella.
Bruno was standing by the edge of the aisle.
Bruno was standing by the gas pump.
Bruno was standing there with a perturbing smile on his face.
Bruno was staring at the gas pump.
Bruno was staring down at Isabella.
Bruno was staring out from the window.
Bruno was staying at a beach house.
Bruno was still concerned by that.
Bruno was still in his capsule.
Bruno was still in pain.
Bruno was still looking in Isabella's direction.
Bruno was still not relieved.
Bruno was still shaking.
Bruno was suddenly jolted awake by the noise.
Bruno was surprised to learn that.
Bruno was taught that in sex education.
Bruno was the tragic victim of a house fire.
Bruno was thinking about what happened.
Bruno was thrilled about the news.
Bruno was thrown off the boat.
Bruno was traumatized for lots of reasons.
Bruno was trying to break down the door.
Bruno was trying to earn a living.
Bruno was trying to force the door open with a crowbar.
Bruno was trying to hide the noise.
Bruno was trying to hide.
Bruno was unpacking the truck.
Bruno was vengeful and filled with rage.
Bruno was very curious about that home.
Bruno was waiting for his guards to come.
Bruno was waiting for the appointment.
Bruno was watching that TV show.
Bruno was watching the cameras.
Bruno was watching the firework show.
Bruno was wearing a beanie and a face mask.
Bruno was wearing a dirty blue shirt.
Bruno was willing to join the fight.
Bruno was working the night shift.
Bruno was writhing around before succumbing to the flames.
Bruno washed up a little bit.
Bruno wasn't at the window anymore.
Bruno wasn't exactly sure how Isabella got his name.
Bruno wasn't far behind.
Bruno wasn't normal-looking.
Bruno wasn't paying cash.
Bruno wasn't really afraid.
Bruno wasn't really reading.
Bruno wasn't sure what to do.
Bruno watched Matt Walsh's documentary, "What Is a Woman."
Bruno watched YouTube videos.
Bruno watched his steps as he navigated the floor.
Bruno watched movies on his laptop.
Bruno watched out for Isabella.
Bruno watched the hologram.
Bruno watched with wide eyes.
Bruno went back for Rima.
Bruno went back to his register behind the counter.
Bruno went back to making the sandwiches.
Bruno went back to the register.
Bruno went camping with his at-the-time girlfriend, Isabella.
Bruno went faster and faster.
Bruno went for a night swim.
Bruno went into the basement for the first time in a while.
Bruno went into the turned on the headlights.
Bruno went out to eat dinner.
Bruno went to Algeria to completely immerse himself in Arabic and Berber.
Bruno went to explore an abandoned mall.
Bruno went to find firewood.
Bruno went to get us all soda.
Bruno went to play PlayStation in the living room.
Bruno went to the alcohol aisle.
Bruno went to the laundry room.
Bruno went to the only settlement on that planet.
Bruno went up to the last floor.
Bruno whispered to Isabella to keep walking.
Bruno will be hanged.
Bruno will be joining the town’s team.
Bruno will be leaving soon to go to a friend's house.
Bruno will be watching Rima.
Bruno will come back for Rima.
Bruno will leave in the morning.
Bruno will never forget that day.
Bruno will never forget that noise.
Bruno will reap the rewards.
Bruno wished Isabella didn't say that.
Bruno woke up to the alarm.
Bruno wondered why the lights were on.
Bruno wore a blue t-shirt.
Bruno worked as an overnight security guard.
Bruno worked at a 24-hour gas station.
Bruno worked his fair share of graveyard shifts.
Bruno worked in the canine unit for five years.
Bruno worked the overnight shift.
Bruno worked with Rima, a German Shepherd.
Bruno would have done the same thing.
Bruno wrote a book in 2004.
Bruno wrote his last entry.
Bruno yelled at Isabella to go back to her room.
Bruno yelled at Isabella to go stay with the kids.
Bruno yelled at Isabella to look at the ocean again.
Bruno yelled at Rima to move her vehicle.
Bruno zoomed past a coffee shop.
Bruno's German Shepherd almost broke off the leash.
Bruno's German Shepherd started going crazy as he approached the trunk of the car.
Bruno's German Shepherd was altered.
Bruno's bell is ringing.
Bruno's body caught on fire.
Bruno's body has been burning away for half a day.
Bruno's body was burnt in a crematorium.
Bruno's boss was always a hard ass.
Bruno's car pulled into the parking lot.
Bruno's car was parked next to the pump.
Bruno's dog balances on a bodyboard to retrieve his ball in a pool.
Bruno's door didn't have a lock on it.
Bruno's doorbell is broken.
Bruno's football trophies will be dearer to him than his own children until they earn football trophies of their own, which, by the principles of vicarious parenting, Bruno will consider his. In fact, all of the football trophies Bruno considers his are actually his children's.
Bruno's friend was injured and needed help.
Bruno's heart was thumping like crazy.
Bruno's shift ended.
Bruno's smile was a pure look of horror.
Bruno's stomach started to ache from fear.
Bruno's store is located on a busy road.
Bruno's store was open 24 hours a day.
Bruno's tone changed to more annoyed and angry.
Bruno's van was parked inside the crops.
Bruno, a campaigner for internet freedom, was arrested in Iran and sentenced to 10 years imprisonment after being invited to a conference.
Bruno, do you have the slightest idea what a palindrome is?
Bruno’s cannery was decommissioned.
Bruno’s corpse was beside Rima.
Bruno’s football trophies will be dearer to him than his own children until they earn football trophies of their own, which, by the principles of vicarious parenting, Bruno will consider his. In fact, all of the football trophies Bruno considers his are actually his childrens’.
Bruno’s hand started shaking.
Bruno’s parents were kept in another part of the ship.
Bruno’s symptoms became more severe.
Bruno’s weapon looks very realistic.
Bruno’s wife must be onboard the ship.
Brush off the dust from your shoes.
Brush the dog's fur regularly.
Brush the snow off your coat before you come inside.
Brush the top of the pie with milk and bake at the top of a hot oven for 20 to 25 minutes.
Brush your hair in the shower to save time.
Brush your hair.
Brush your puppy's fur regularly to keep it clean.
Brush your teeth after each meal.
Brush your teeth after eating.
Brush your teeth after every meal.
Brush your teeth after meals.
Brush your teeth and go to bed.
Brush your teeth at least twice a day.
Brush your teeth before going to bed.
Brush your teeth before going to sleep.
Brush your teeth before you go to bed.
Brush your teeth before you go to sleep.
Brush your teeth clean after each meal.
Brush your teeth clean.
Brush your teeth correctly before going to bed.
Brush your teeth every day.
Brush your teeth like a pro and keep them healthy.
Brush your teeth properly before going to bed.
Brush your teeth twice a day at least.
Brush your teeth twice a day for a healthy smile.
Brush your teeth twice a day for good oral hygiene.
Brush your teeth well.
Brush your teeth, however sleepy you are.
Brush your teeth, son.
Brush your teeth.
Brush yourself off.
Brushes give drums a subtler sound than regular drumsticks do.
Brushing helps prevent tooth decay and gum disease.
Brushing is important for fresh breath and strong teeth.
Brushing teeth helps prevent cavities.
Brushing the teeth helps protect against dental caries.
Brushing your teeth helps prevent tooth decay.
Brushing your teeth is as important as washing your hands.
Brushing your teeth is part of taking care of yourself.
Brushing your teeth keeps them healthy and strong.
Brushing your teeth will help prevent cavities.
Brussels is a symbol in itself.
Brussels is in Belgium.
Brussels is the capital of Belgium.
Brussels isn't Christian but liberal.
Brussels seems to be unable to differentiate between refugees and immigrants.
Brussels sprouts are bitter.
Brussels, wait for me. I'm coming. Soon, I'll drift away.
Brutalism is a controversial architectural style.
Brutality is part of daily life in areas controlled by ISIS.
Brutus stabs Caesar, and Caesar falls.
Bryant and his 13-year-old daughter Gianna were among nine killed Sunday in a helicopter crash in the hills outside Los Angeles.
Bryant has gone down in history as one of the greatest professional basketball players ever to step onto the court.
Bryant is the fourth all-time leading scorer.
Bryant spent his entire pro career with the Los Angeles Lakers -- winning five NBA championships and the league's Most Valuable Player award in 2008.
Bryant was known to use a helicopter from his home to games in Los Angeles to avoid the city's notoriously bad traffic.
Bryozoans stick to the wood but don't eat it.
BrÃ¡ulio was tired of translating sentences and went to bed.
BrÃ­d has the money.
Bráulio was tired of translating sentences and went to bed.
Bríd has the money.
Bu Xiangzhi is one of the most talented Chinese Grand Masters.
Bu soyqırımı aktı nəticəsində 8 ailə tamamilə məhv edildi, 25 uşaq hər iki valideynini, 130 uşaq isə valideynlərindən birini itirdi.
Bubble tea is becoming more and more popular in Europe.
Bubble tea is popular in Asia.
Buccaneering isn't easy!
Buch became president after Reagan.
Bucharest and Budapest are two different cities in two different countries.
Bucharest has a population of 2.1 million.
Bucharest is Romania's capital.
Bucharest is not Budapest.
Bucharest is the capital of Hungary.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
Buck Rogers in the 25th Century with Gil Gerard was a sci-fi TV series about a post-apocalyptic future.
Buckingham Palace is a symbol of pomp and ceremony.
Bucklaw afterwards went abroad, and never returned to Scotland; nor was he known ever to hint at the circumstances attending his fatal marriage.
Bucklaw was well accustomed to affairs of the kind, and distinguished by address and dexterity at his weapon.
Bucklaw, who still breathed, was raised from the ground, and transported to another apartment, where his friends, full of suspicion and murmuring, assembled round him to learn the opinion of the surgeon.
Buckle down and get to work. Do you think we're on a Sunday picnic here?
Buckle down and get to work. Do you think we’re on a Sunday picnic here?
Buckle the child's belt.
Buckle up and enjoy the ride.
Buckle up!
Buckle up, sit down, shut up and hold on.
Buckle up.
Buckle up. We're going to ruffle some feathers today.
Buckle your seat belts.
Buckle your seatbelt.
Buckle your seatbelts.
Buckminster Fuller is famous for the geodesic dome.
Bucks are not friendly.
Buckwheat has become more expensive.
Buckwheat honey is high in antioxidants and has a strong, molasses-like flavor.
Buckwheat will be served as a side dish.
Budai statues depict a fat and happy incarnation of Buddha.
Budapest is Hungary's capital.
Budapest is a gem of the Danube.
Budapest is not Bucharest.
Budapest is the capital of Hungary.
Buddha, impressed by the rabbit's efforts, raised him unto the moon and set him in that form forever more.
Buddha, impressed by the rabbit’s efforts, raised him unto the moon and set him in that form forever more.
Buddha-nature is the pure mind inside all of us.
Buddhism and Taoism are sometimes regarded as atheistic religions.
Buddhism came from India.
Buddhism came out of India.
Buddhism changed me.
Buddhism forbids intoxication, and Judaism discourages it.
Buddhism had its beginnings in India.
Buddhism has made me a better person.
Buddhism is a non-theistic religion, since it has no gods but metaphysical beliefs.
Buddhism is a peaceful religion. Become a Buddhist.
Buddhism is a really cool religion.
Buddhism is a really great religion.
Buddhism is a religion founded by the Indian Shakyamuni.
Buddhism is a very cool religion.
Buddhism is beautiful.
Buddhism is both a religion and a philosophy.
Buddhism is the fifth most popular religion in India.
Buddhism is the world's most peaceful religion.
Buddhism originated in India.
Buddhism was introduced into Japan in 538.
Buddhism, unlike other religions, is not theocentric or god-centred, but it does not preclude an adherent from believing in the existence of gods.
Buddhist "rebirth" and Hindu "reincarnation" are technically different. Rebirth is the transmigration of "karmic tendencies" or "stream of consciousness." Meanwhile, reincarnation is the transmigration of "soul."
Buddhist eschatology tells that there will be a time when the teachings will be forgotten and this world will be dismayed. Maitreya Buddha, the Buddha of the Future, will arrive to reteach this world.
Buddhist monks shave their heads.
Buddhist rebirth is different from Hindu reincarnation. Rebirth is the transmigration of "karmic tendencies" or "stream of consciousness." Meanwhile, reincarnation is the transmigration of "soul."
Buddhists are less anti-science than are Christians, generally.
Buddhists are not so anti-science as some Christians defensively are.
Buddhists believe in equanimity, a quality Christians do not focus on.
Buddhists believe in equanimity, a quality on which Christians do not focus.
Buddhists believe in five or six worlds, depending on the school.
Buddhists believe in loving-kindness, compassion, joy, and equanimity.
Buddhists philosophize that this whole universe is Māyā—illusion—covering reality. The question comes to mind: Is the Moon or Mars as solid as the Earth? Portugal and Spain are as solid as Mexico. Does one know, even if they have never set foot in those countries? Are there doubters that the Great Pyramids of Egypt exist, having never visited them? Personally, I have seen the Great Pyramids, in December of 1991!
Buddhists seem less antagonistic towards science than are Christians.
Buddhists try to be good-natured, and they try not to concern themselves with petty things.
Buddhists try to harmonize with scientific ideas, which Christians do not generally do. Some Christians think that scientific ideas threaten their foundations.
Buddy doesn't drive carelessly.
Budge up a bit, Mary, so that the young man can sit down.
Budge up a bit.
Budge up.
Budget cuts are needed.
Budget items that received priority are education, social security and other fields that are closely related to people's lives.
Budget items that received priority are education, social security and other fields that are closely related to people’s lives.
Budget revenues dropped because of falling global prices on key Belarusian export commodities.
Budgeting brings a lot of benefits, but also a lot of sacrifices.
Budi Artawan was a hotel worker in Holiday Inn Resort Balihai in Bali, Indonesia. He became a friend, who showed me around the town of Kuta. I noticed then that Indonesians often had a scientific mind, as he pointed out the cholesterol count in my avocado shake.
Buds can develop into flowers or leaves.
Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina.
Buenos Aires is the capital of Spain. I mean, Argentina.
Buenos Aires is the city they visit the most.
Buenos Aires was founded in 1536.
Buet Rex won the Bangladesh round.
Buffalo Bill didn't kill any bison. It was climate change that did it.
Buffalo bones were made into tools.
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo.
Buffalo can be extremely aggressive.
Buffalo can kill people.
Buffalo can prove lethal.
Buffaloes can be extremely aggressive.
Buffaloes can kill people.
Buffaloes have big horns.
Buffets are a blessing and a curse. Mostly a curse.
Buffoon!
Buffoons!
Bug off!
Bugger off!
Bugger off, will you?
Bugger off.
Bugger!
Bugger, the lining in my coat is fraying.
Buggery and sodomy are synonyms for anal intercourse.
Buggery is good, actually.
Bugs Bunny is a bunny.
Bugs Bunny is a rabbit.
Bugs Bunny is genderfluid.
Bugs are attracted to light.
Bugs disgust me.
Bugs fascinate me.
Bugsy Siegel crashed and burned in Vegas.
Buh-bye!
Build a better mousetrap, and the world will beat a path to your door.
Build a different website.
Build a house on the level between two valleys.
Build a new platform.
Build a new team.
Build a new website.
Build a personal connection with your co-workers.
Build a professional brand.
Build a strong connection together.
Build an online business.
Build effective relationships.
Build good habits.
Build it, and they will come.
Build it.
Build me up and don't tear me down.
Build trust through mutual respect.
Build up your body while young.
Build your army.
Build your confidence at work.
Build your confidence.
Build your foreign language conversational skills by focusing on everyday situations.
Build your own house and burn it down yourself.
Build your own online business.
Build your own team.
Build your own website.
Build your personal brand.
Build your sense of self-worth from the inside.
Builders can build low-energy homes only when they have received the appropriate professional training.
Builders can build low-energy houses only when they have received the appropriate vocational training.
Builders often use granite for its strength and aesthetic appeal.
Builders, like my cousin, often have to carry heavy materials to site.
Building a bridge isn't something you improvise.
Building a cathedral involved a lot of stonemasons.
Building a cathedral involved many stonemasons.
Building a dialogue with your kids is important.
Building a doghouse is harder than you think.
Building a new house cost a lot of money.
Building a new pipeline can take many years.
Building a protective structure in front of a cliff or dune temporarily stabilizes the seaward location of the cliff or dune edge, however beach erosion continues. Since no new beach area is created through cliff or dune retreat, a net loss of beach area occurs.
Building a strong foundation of trust and communication is crucial for couples to grow together.
Building a tunnel from Japan to China is out of the question.
Building a wall here is against the building code.
Building materials are currently very expensive.
Building materials are expensive now.
Building materials can include tiles, carpet, blinds and tools.
Building model airplanes is his only hobby.
Building nests and hand-feeding chicks are not long-term solutions. But the South African government's top penguin biologist, Robert Crawford, says efforts like these are necessary.
Building new pipelines can take years.
Building permits got delayed.
Building relationships requires mutual respect.
Building respect is fundamental for harmony.
Building the steel factory was a great enterprise.
Building trust in our relationship is my goal.
Building up strawmen and going to town on them like a pinata might feel satisfying to you, but it's not very persuasive.
Building up too much stress has a detrimental effect on your health.
Building upon research by Roger Shepard and Jean-Claude Risset, Deutsch found a way to build a "staircase" of musical tones that seems to both go up without end, and just like in Escher's illusion, they appear to never go up to another octave. By changing the harmonics of each tone, Deutsch had in effect, turned a linear musical scale into a circle.
Building will start as soon as weather permits.
Building work on an underground rail system has begun in my city.
Building work will start as soon as the weather allows.
Buildings are much stronger now than they used to be.
Buildings are of white marble.
Buildings cannot deny the law of gravity.
Buildings have several floors.
Buildings of national importance are relatively safe.
Built in 1930, this neoclassical Georgian home in Dallas, Texas, is a near-replica of George Washington's Mount Vernon home in Virginia.
Built in 1939, the year stamped on the steel shell of its rear hub, Tom's bicycle still gets him everywhere he needs to go.
Built in 2019, the Great Mosque of Algiers has the tallest minaret in the world, equivalent in height to an 85-storey skyscraper.
Built in the 1920s, Chicago's Tribune Tower, which once housed media entities, was redeveloped into luxury apartments in 2019.
Built in the mid-1850s, the hospital was an infirmary for soldiers in the American Civil War and later played a critical role in the development of modern psychotherapy techniques.
Built on a narrow strip along the sea, the city’s low-lying areas where millions of poor people live in shanties, and the city’s southern tip, home to glitzy office towers, the stock exchange and legislature, are especially vulnerable, according to climate scientists.
Bukhara and Samarkand are among the oldest cities in Central Asia.
Bulgaria is a small country in Eastern Europe.
Bulgaria is a very beautiful country.
Bulgaria is the only country in Europe where a former monarch has been elected prime minister.
Bulgarian and Macedonian mark definiteness.
Bulgarian is a lot like Russian.
Bulgarian is close to Russian.
Bulgarian is like Russian.
Bulgarian is similar to Russian.
Bulgarian is very similar to Russian.
Bull fighting is a very interesting spectacle.
Bull giraffes become darker as they age.
Bull giraffes fight with their necks.
Bulla, who knows who I am!
Bullet-proof glass ensures safety but isn't widely available due to its high cost.
Bulletproof glass guarantees safety, but it doesn't sell much due to its high price.
Bulletproof glass has already saved many lives.
Bullets seemed to have no effect on the creature.
Bullets were ricocheting everywhere.
Bullfighting is so cruel and barbaric.
Bullfights are still held in Spain and Mexico.
Bullies act mean to innocent students.
Bulls can be extremely aggressive.
Bulls fight with horns, boars with tusks.
Bulls make money, bears make money, hogs get slaughtered.
Bullseye!
Bullseyes are the easiest type of windshield damage to fix.
Bullshit!
Bullshit.
Bullshit. Everyone needs money.
Bullshitting is an art form.
Bullshitting is an art.
Bully for you.
Bullying and teasing aren't allowed here.
Bullying in any form is not OK.
Bullying in schools is a serious problem.
Bullying is Dan's favorite hobby.
Bullying is a learned behavior.
Bullying is a serious problem, but we have to understand that setting out to eliminate it entirely isn't a realistic proposition.
Bullying is a serious problem.
Bullying is still a problem in our society.
Bullying of any kind is not OK.
Bullying sometimes happens on school buses.
Bullying will not be tolerated.
Bullying won't be excused here.
Bullying won't be tolerated.
Buluggin made his capital at Algiers.
Bum.
Bumblebees are bigger than bees.
Bumblebees are cute.
Bumblebees are furry.
Bumblebees are harmless.
Bumblebees are indigenous to North America, among other places.
Bumblebees can fly higher than Everest.
Bumblebees can sting repeatedly like wasps, but their stinger doesn't easily penetrate human skin.
Bumblebees generally ignore humans.
Bumblebees like to nest in abandoned rodent burrows or similar holes in the ground.
Bumblebees were buzzing.
Bumblebees, honeybees, and stingless bees likely each developed eusociality independently.
Bummer, man.
Bump!
Bumpy diplomatic relations haven't halted economic ties between the two nations.
Bunch it up.
Buncranna is mental!
Bundle up!
Bundle up. It's cold.
Bundles are made up of caperspurge, rosemary, and twigs.
Bung it in the bin.
Bung it in the wash.
Bung it in the washing machine.
Bungee jumping isn't as much fun as it looks.
Bunk beds are a way to save space.
Bunnies are adorable!
Bunnies are so cute.
Bunnies are social animals.
Bunnies are very cute.
Burchard had every nettle rooted up for three leagues round.
Bureaucracy continues to be a big problem in Algeria.
Bureaucracy has reached insane levels in Algeria.
Bureaucracy is a giant mechanism operated by pygmies.
Bureaucracy is plaguing our lives.
Bureaucrats are testing the waters over revising old regulations.
Burglars broke into his house.
Burglars broke into our apartment and stole my wife's fur coat.
Burglars broke into our apartment and stole my wife’s fur coat.
Buried dogs don't bite.
Burj Khalifa is currently the highest clouds of the world.
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest building in the world.
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.
Burkina Faso (formerly Upper Volta) achieved independence from France in 1960.
Burkina Faso literally means "land of honest men."
Burkina Faso literally means "land of upright men."
Burkina Faso’s reelected President Roch Kabore has appointed a minister for national reconciliation as part of a vow to end the country’s ethnic and political conflicts that are fueling terrorism.
Burkinabe also migrated to Ghana, Mali, and Senegal for work between the world wars.
Burma is called "Myanmar" in Burmese.
Burma served as chair of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) for 2014.
Burma, Siam, Indochina and Indonesia are divided between at least two linguistic families: Sinitic and Malayo-Polynesian.
Burmese pythons have invaded Florida.
Burn 800 calories in the gym. Consume 1200 calories in cheeseburgers and still hungry!
Burn after reading.
Burn all of her pictures!
Burn all this stuff.
Burn down the ghetto.
Burn in hell.
Burn it.
Burn not your house to fright the mouse away.
Burn that bridge when one comes to it.
Burn the body.
Burn the candles, use the nice sheets, wear the fancy lingerie. Don't save it for a special occasion. Today is special.
Burn the eyes that look at you and the hearts that are waiting for you!
Burn the eyes that watch you and the hearts that await you.
Burn the flag!
Burn the witch!
Burn this letter after you finish reading it.
Burn this picture with a lighter.
Burn this rubbish on the fire.
Burn with desire.
Burn! You totally didn't see that coming.
Burnable garbage is collected on Tuesday and Wednesday every week.
Burnable trash should be put out by 8:30 a.m. every Wednesday and Saturday morning.
Burning copies of the Quran and calling for the extermination of Muslims are all part of the freedom of speech in the "civilized world."
Burning copies of the Quran and insulting Muslims are all symbols of the freedom of speech.
Burning copies of the Quran is a direct assault on the sacred text revered by millions of Muslims worldwide.
Burning copies of the Quran is an insensitive and offensive act that intentionally provokes religious tensions and promotes hatred.
Burning copies of the Quran serves no purpose other than to incite anger, hurt religious sentiments, and promote divisiveness.
Burning jealousy tormented him.
Burning plastic can release toxic gases.
Burning the Quran stands as a direct attack on religious pluralism and the values of a diverse society.
Burning the candle at both ends reduces the candle to wax in a hurry - just like a playboy having a pretty girl on each arm.
Burning the flag on Independence Day? As if!
Burning the national flag is an assault against the embodiment of the republic.
Burning the trash so close to the house wasn't a good idea.
Burning the trash so close to the house wasn’t a good idea.
Burning with anger, she slapped him.
Burnout happens.
Burping in public is considered impolite in many countries.
Burr decided not to wait for an answer.
Burr made secret deals with a number of people.
Burr told his friends goodbye.
Burr traveled west in the spring of 1805.
Burr was not satisfied with Hamilton's answers.
Burr was not satisfied with Hamilton’s answers.
Burritos are a Mexican delight.
Burritos are a flavorful choice.
Burritos are a popular street food.
Burritos are a portable meal.
Burritos are a quick lunch option.
Burritos are wrapped in foil.
Burritos come with a side of salsa.
Bursitis is a painful inflammation of a bursa. A bursa is a small sac of fluid that cushions the bones, tendons, and muscles that are located near your joints.
Burundi continues to face many economic and political challenges.
Burundi gained its independence from Belgium in 1962.
Burundi joined the East African Community (EAC) in 2009.
Burundi's second democratic elections were held in 2005.
Bury it.
Bury the hatchet.
Bury the leftovers if you don't want to attract bears.
Bury your face into the soft fur.
Bus drivers are on strike today.
Bus drivers are on strike.
Bus drivers are responsible for cleaning the buses that they drive.
Bus drivers are responsible for cleaning the buses they drive.
Bus drivers aren't the only ones on strike.
Bus drivers aren't the only ones who are on strike.
Bus drivers have gone on strike.
Bus drivers might go on strike.
Bus fares vary according to how far you ride.
Bus fares vary according to the length of the trip.
Bus number eleven goes to the train station.
Bus number thirteen goes downtown.
Bus number thirteen goes to the city centre.
Bus number twelve goes to the airport.
Bus rates have stayed the same for two years.
Bus service must be increased in frequency.
Bus ticket, handbag, and children's playground are examples of compound nouns.
Bus tickets in Brazil are quite expensive.
Bus transport is relatively cheap in Algeria.
Bus transportation is provided for our students.
Buses always come in threes.
Buses are running at 20 minute intervals.
Buses are running at 20-minute intervals.
Buses are running instead of trains because of engineering work on the line.
Buses are running instead of trains on the route today.
Buses are running instead of trains today between Stoke-on-Trent and Crewe because of maintenance work.
Buses come every ten minutes.
Buses in the country do not usually come on time.
Buses in the country don't usually come on time.
Buses leave every fifteen minutes.
Buses leave every half hour.
Buses leave every ten minutes.
Buses leave every thirty minutes.
Buses run between the station and the airport.
Buses run every 20 minutes.
Buses run every ten minutes.
Buses, trains and planes convey passengers.
Bush Jr. never lied to Americans.
Bush always says the truth.
Bush authorized the US military to invade Afghanistan.
Bush believes in God.
Bush didn't invade Iraq.
Bush didn't send troops to annihilate other countries.
Bush does his best to protect the environment.
Bush doesn't approve the use of torture.
Bush doesn't know what's going on in Afghanistan, Iraq and Guantanamo.
Bush doesn't like torture.
Bush doesn't like war.
Bush doesn't want to make war.
Bush doesn't want to make wars in order to control Central Asian oil.
Bush doesn't want to test new weapons.
Bush doesn't want to use mercenaries in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Bush followed Reagan as president.
Bush gleefully announced the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Bush is an honest president.
Bush is not Bin Laden's friend.
Bush is not Satan's best friend. He doesn't even know who Satan is.
Bush is not a fascist.
Bush is not a liar.
Bush is not a redneck.
Bush is not a supporter of war criminals.
Bush is not a war criminal.
Bush is not al-Qaeda's friend.
Bush is not an idiot.
Bush is the leader of the Empire of Good.
Bush is the leader of the forces of good.
Bush isn't interested in oil.
Bush knows what justice means.
Bush lied and people died.
Bush loves China and has no intention of making war with it.
Bush loves God and wants to serve Him.
Bush never invaded Iraq.
Bush never violated the Geneva Convention.
Bush never wanted to harm anyone.
Bush only fought evil.
Bush only wants to civilize the world.
Bush ordered the US military to bomb the people of Baghdad.
Bush put together a hard-working team.
Bush respects all religions.
Bush respects human rights.
Bush respects the Geneva Convention.
Bush speaks the truth.
Bush studied the problem.
Bush tells the truth.
Bush thinks that God talks to him.
Bush thinks that he has been sent by God to establish justice on Earth.
Bush wanted a crusade against Islam.
Bush wants to protect the world.
Bush was overjoyed when he heard that the Soviet Union had collapsed.
Bush won all the wars he fought.
Bush's English is perfect.
Bush's friends are not interested in business.
Bush, Sr. broke up with Saddam Hussein in 1990.
Bushfires are a perennial menace in Australia.
Bushland on the outskirts of town is being combed by search parties following the mystery disappearance of a seven-year-old boy several days ago.
Business absorbs all his time.
Business and friendship don't mix.
Business and technology hubs like San Francisco and Seattle have the highest numbers of wealthy renters.
Business as usual.
Business before pleasure.
Business carried him to Kobe.
Business casual means you can wear khaki trousers with a button-down shirt, but not shorts with a T-shirt.
Business expenses are tax-deductible.
Business failures are down 10% this year.
Business first, pleasure arterwards, as King Richard the Third said wen he stabbed t'other king in the Tower, afore he smothered the babbies.
Business has been good.
Business has finished for today.
Business has improved.
Business has really slowed down.
Business is at last beginning to pick up.
Business is bad, and the outlook for next year is even worse.
Business is booming in Algeria.
Business is booming.
Business is brisk now and we are up to the elbows in orders.
Business is business!
Business is business, you know.
Business is business.
Business is declining.
Business is finally looking up after a long depression.
Business is going badly.
Business is good in Algeria.
Business is good.
Business is improving.
Business is in a mess.
Business is looking up.
Business is not what it used to be.
Business is pretty good.
Business is quite slow.
Business is slow in Algeria.
Business is slow today.
Business is slow.
Business is so slow these days.
Business is very good now.
Business is, to a large extent, improving.
Business isn't going so well.
Business isn't what it used to be.
Business keeps going from bad to worse.
Business leaders blamed it on Roosevelt.
Business mogul Sam Matekane's upstart political party, the Revolution for Prosperity, won 56 of the 120 constituencies in general elections but fell short of his goal of winning an outright 61-seat majority.
Business people exchange cards at the beginning or end of a meeting.
Business prevented him from going to the concert.
Business recovery, which looks just around the corner, will be rapid and strong.
Business recovery, which looks to be just around the corner, will be rapid and strong.
Business results of the company were much better than other companies in the industry.
Business took him there.
Business was a little slow last month.
Business was booming.
Business was difficult in Algeria.
Business was really slow.
Business was so slow those days.
Business will recover soon.
Businesses are not charities.
Businesses are seeing a boost in their online sales.
Businesses are structured in different ways to meet different needs.
Businesses aren't charities.
Businesses closed due to the power outage.
Businesses have created more than 9.7 million private sector jobs in the past 52 months.
Businesses often have a list of 5-10 'mission statements' featured in their brochures, on their websites or hanging in their office detailing the values they hold as a form of communication to their employees, their clients and the public.
Businesses often have a list of 5-10 ’mission statements’ featured in their brochures, on their websites or hanging in their office detailing the values they hold as a form of communication to their employees, their clients and the public.
Businesses often pay for Linux tech support.
Businesses perceive as competitors a narrow range of the business world; there are many cases where they don't understand their real rivals.
Businesses perceive as competitors a narrow range of the business world; there are many cases where they don’t understand their real rivals.
Businesses should pay a fair wage to their employees.
Businesses that are deemed as nonessential are closing.
Businessmen could not pay back money they owed the banks.
Businessmen often go to this restaurant.
Buster Keaton was one Hollywood’s greatest silent comics.
Buster Keaton was one of Hollywood’s greatest silent comics.
Bustle up, you boys!
Busy as she was, she came to see me.
Busy as usual?
Busy avenues like the Champs Elysées are not buzzing these days in the French capital.
Busy hands are happy hands.
Busy right now.
Busy with my work, I had no time to write to you.
Busy with what?
Busy!
Busy, as usual?
But " philosophy of religion " can be construed in many different ways.
But "Baba Abdullah" showed no interest in trade, neglected it and wasted money without giving a thought to the consequences.
But "experiment" is not the appropriate word.
But ... did that tenth child have a different father to the ones before him?
But 50 years ago, when life was much slower (at least as we nostalgically remember it) families actually sat down for hours and played meandering board games like Monopoly and Parcheesi.
But 85 percent of the road is still there - not only that old, varicose concrete and asphalt, but more importantly, the people along the road: the barbers, the fry cooks, the grease monkeys, the cops, the farmers, the ranchers, the kids.
But AGRA is peppering small communities with cassava processing machines and encouraging women to sell flour.
But AI is catching up with me, and after a big step forward in 2016, there are hardly any languages I can translate better than the AI system developed by the Google Brain team.
But Abraham planted a grove in Bersabee, and there called upon the name of the Lord God eternal.
But Alcmena, the boys' mother, heard the scream and woke her husband.
But Bangladesh Bank did not do that.
But Bangladesh government and importers do not agree with this.
But Bangladesh is interested to be a member of the bank.
But Bangladesh is very promising from the economic point of view.
But Berber will never die.
But Bill interrupted the story saying: "Banana".
But CNN has learned that, due to her husband's guidance, Kate feels she has already adapted to her new life.
But Chloe in all simplicity demurred, asking him, moreover, what there could possibly be beyond kisses and embraces; and he, unacquainted with the mysteries of love, shed tears at his own ignorance.
But Christmas is tomorrow Tom! When on earth will you have time to do any shopping?
But Cicero does not seem even to have had a religious sentiment to cover the nakedness of his political opportunism. Not only does he in the Tusculan Disputations put aside in the Platonic fashion all the Homeric tales which anthropomorphize and discredit the gods; but in his treatise On Divination he shows an absolute disbelief in all the recognized practices, including the augury which he himself officially practised; and his sole excuse is that they are to be retained “on account of popular opinion and of their great public utility.”
But Dad won't like it.
But Dad won’t like it.
But Daphnis was unable to tune his soul to joy since he had seen Chloe bathing. He felt a gnawing pain at his heart as if some venom were secretly at work there.
But Dima would never wear the glasses. Suddenly, his body went limp and he collapsed to the floor.
But English competence is not everything when it comes to writing well.
But Franck Verzefé, a Cameroonian pharmacist, has developed a device that uses artificial intelligence to determine if a medicine is fake or the real thing.
But Gilmore offers these kids much more than just exercise. She says the fundamentals of tennis teach a lot about life lessons — how to react to life's adversities, how to handle strong contenders and most of all, how to always give the best that you can.
But God hath taken our father's riches, and delivered them to us, and to our children: wherefore, do all that God hath commanded thee.
But God the only begotten Son, who is at the Father's side, has made him known.
But God the only begotten Son, who is at the Father’s side, has made him known.
But Gorsuch wrote that because disinformation could spread more easily online than it could via traditional news outlets, the actual malice standard should be lower.
But Grandpa, Tom isn't homosexual, just trendy.
But Gregory exhorted them to persevere in their purpose, advised them to choose some interpreters from among the Franks, who still spoke the same language with the Saxons, and recommended them to the good offices of Queen Brunhilda, who had at this time usurped the sovereign power in France.
But I always think that the best way to know God is to love many things.
But I am able to cook well.
But I am convinced that in order to move forward, we must say openly the things we hold in our hearts, and that too often are said only behind closed doors.
But I am not like other boys! I am better than all of them and I always tell the truth. I promise you, Father, that I'll learn a trade, and I'll be the comfort and staff of your old age.
But I am so glad that you have come, Holmes. I trust very much to your judgment and discretion, and I know that you will advise me for the best.
But I answered my master: What if the woman will not come with me?
But I assure you, that is not my intention.
But I beg you, don't make the same mistakes I made.
But I came.
But I can't believe it!
But I can't do it.
But I can't understand them very well.
But I cannot ignore his warning.
But I can’t understand them very well.
But I care less than naught for Zeus.
But I could no longer sit and look into the fire, and the pertinent words of a poet recurred to me with new force.
But I could not rest, Watson, I could not sit quiet in my chair, if I thought that such a man as Professor Moriarty were walking the streets of London unchallenged.
But I couldn't do it.
But I dare to say that it is better to face those few but powerful interests, rather than eventually facing the fury of society.
But I didn't draw a hat.
But I didn't even say anything!
But I digress.
But I do like that, mortals.
But I don't have any money.
But I don't have money.
But I don't know how to cook kebabs!
But I don't know where they came from.
But I don't know you at all!
But I don't need it.
But I don't really profit from it.
But I don't think Dad would like me to.
But I don't think Ukraine has anything to do with the decision about peace and war. I think the decision about peace and war is made in Washington D.C.
But I don't think it's at all odd.
But I don't think it's strange at all.
But I don't think that it's strange at all.
But I don't think that the one precludes the other.
But I don't think the pool is open this weekend.
But I don't think the pool will be open this weekend.
But I don't think the swimming pool is open this weekend.
But I don't think the swimming pool will be open this weekend.
But I don't understand.
But I don't want that at all.
But I don't want to escape; I want to see Italy.
But I don't want to.
But I don’t have money.
But I don’t know how to cook kebabs!
But I don’t think Dad would like me to.
But I don’t think it’s at all odd.
But I don’t think it’s strange at all.
But I don’t think that it’s strange at all.
But I don’t think the pool is open this weekend.
But I don’t want to escape, I want to see Italy.
But I enjoyed farm work.
But I feel well.
But I had another advantage in it.
But I have an appointment with my client tomorrow.
But I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there.
But I have no apples left to give you.
But I have no money.
But I have nothing left. I am just an old cripple.
But I have nothing left. I am just an old stump.
But I have to take night shifts twice a week.
But I have to talk to you.
But I have, they don't have money.
But I haven't got any money.
But I haven't looked up this tracking number on the DHL website.
But I heard him exclaim, ere he drove out of sight "Happy Christmas to all, and to all a good-night."
But I hope she hasn't gotten there yet.
But I implore you, don't tell Tom.
But I just had some tacos!
But I kept the car.
But I know that neither thou, nor thy servants do yet fear the Lord God.
But I know that the king of Egypt will not let you go, but by a mighty hand.
But I know what he looks like, because Mary described him in detail.
But I like the long school holidays.
But I love sleeping!
But I love you!
But I never had you.
But I never miss work.
But I really need this job!
But I refuse.
But I saw him.
But I saw some newer ones without a timestamp, too.
But I saw thee lately throw six Carthusians into the dirt, so that they came out black instead of white. Thou in the mean time didst laugh, as if the thing had been well done.
But I slept right through the class. Don't you ever sleep through an eight-thirty class?
But I slept right through the class. Don’t you ever sleep through an eight-thirty class?
But I sped on, and did not stop until I had run through the village, and had come to a road that led right into the country.
But I suspect that is not difficult.
But I tell you things I know very well.
But I think I can keep smiling every day because I have important friends who always support me.
But I think it's better if you took a day off.
But I think it’s better if you took a day off.
But I thought of her patience and cheerfulness through the countless discomforts and dangers of the voyage, and knew that the praise was hers.
But I understand what he says.
But I understand you quite well.
But I want Ziri.
But I want a car.
But I want it more than him.
But I want you now!
But I want you to understand what I'm saying.
But I want you to understand what I’m saying.
But I was always too lazy.
But I was careful.
But I was fortunate to have many people to help me get through it.
But I was too late.
But I washed the dishes yesterday!
But I wasn't afraid.
But I wasn’t afraid.
But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face.
But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face. I will listen to you, especially when we disagree. And above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it's been done in America for 221 years; block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.
But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face. I will listen to you, especially when we disagree. And above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it's been done in the United States for 221 years; block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.
But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face. I will listen to you, especially when we disagree. And above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it’s been done in America for 221 years; block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.
But I will fetch a little water, and wash ye your feet, and rest ye under the tree.
But I will judge the nation which they shall serve, and after this they shall come out with great substance.
But I will make the son also of the bondwoman a great nation, because he is thy seed.
But I will say this: You are gorgeous.
But I won't let you ruin what we can still be.
But I would like to say one last thing.
But I would rather stay home.
But I'd like to learn more.
But I'll do it.
But I'll get used to being blonde again.
But I'll leave this question for another time.
But I'll never be defeated, never lose my way.
But I'll never rest until her soul burns in the eternal pit.
But I'm a toon. Toons are supposed to make people laugh.
But I'm not able to use the telephone.
But I'm not like that!
But I'm not sure whether it brings happiness to everybody.
But I'm still not buying it.
But I've always had a beard!
But I've talked enough about my trials and tribulations. What's new with you?
But Indiana University researcher Amina Salamova points out that when the chemicals evaporate, they become toxic air pollutants.
But I’d like to learn more.
But I’ll never be defeated, never lose my way.
But I’m not able to use the telephone.
But I’m not sure whether it brings happiness to everybody.
But Jacob being departed from Bersabee, went on to Haran.
But Jesus looked around carefully to see who had done it.
But Jesus on his part did not entrust himself to them, because he knew all people and needed no one to bear witness about man, for he himself knew what was in man.
But Jesus said to her, "Woman, what have I to do with you? My hour is not yet come."
But Jesus would not entrust himself to them.
But Laban arose in the night, and kissed his sons and daughters, and blessed them: and returned to his place.
But Lia was blear-eyed: Rachel was well favoured, and of a beautiful countenance.
But Lot also, who was with Abram, had flocks of sheep, and herds of beasts, and tents.
But Love wanted to make a match of his own devising.
But Mona had no thought for kettles, or tea, or granny either, for her whole mind, her eyes, her ears, and all her senses were with the heroine of the fascinating story she was absorbed in; and who could remember fires and kettles and other commonplace things when one was driving through a lovely park in a beautiful pony carriage, drawn by cream-coloured ponies, and seated beside an exquisitely dressed little lady who had more money than she could count, and insisted on sharing all with her companion?
But Mr. Duxbury says that despite its extraordinary lightness, aerogel can be quite sturdy.
But Mr. Jubbal was completely innocent. Someone had manipulated a photo on his Facebook page and posted it on social media as a joke. It quickly spread, causing Mr. Jubbal to suffer extreme damage to his reputation and a lot of emotional distress.
But Noah found grace before the Lord.
But Ocasio-Cortez isn't your average twenty-something. The New Yorker was just elected to the U.S. Congress, where she will earn an annual salary of $174,000.
But Pepperberg says working with the parrot has already changed the way of looking at animals.
But Pharaoh called Moses and Aaron, and said to them: Pray ye to the Lord to take away the frogs from me and from my people; and I will let the people go to sacrifice to the Lord.
But Ravenswood only saw a female exquisitely beautiful, and rendered yet more so in his eyes—how could it be otherwise?—by the consciousness that she had placed her affections on him.
But Rima and Skura like the long school holidays.
But Rima likes the long school holidays.
But Saule didn't want to go.
But Shem and Japheth put a cloak upon their shoulders, and going backward, covered the nakedness of their father: and their faces were turned away, and they saw not their father's nakedness.
But Skura is our friend!
But Susan promised that she would call.
But Tatoeba Project is not a word heaven. Please stop adding words.
But Tobias hid himself with his wife and son, and thus escaped the wrath of the King.
But Tom found it suspicious.
But Tom had one final trick up his sleeve.
But Tom started it!
But Tony was not a clever boy.
But Tuesday mornings were different, because Tuesday was music day.
But U.N. officials call the number of people seeking asylum in the industrialized countries a tempest in a teapot.
But U.S. hog farmers are struggling to survive even as many Americans search in vain for their favorite cuts of pork.
But VOA’s Brian Padden reports that after years of delays the city is taking action to address perhaps its most pressing problem: traffic gridlock, recently designated the worst in the world.
But Venus round them on the way / wrapt a thick mist, a mantle of dark air, / that none should see them, none should touch nor stay, / nor, urging idle questions, breed delay.
But Wolfowitz also pointed to more positive trends. These include the rich nations’ promise to write off 37 billion dollars of African debt and a commitment to double the inflow of assistance to $50 billion a year by 2010. Fifteen Sub-Saharan countries have registered five percent annual growth rates for 10 consecutive years. And the fastest growing economies, Rwanda and Mozambique, have achieved eight percent annual growth.
But Yale University student Matt Amodio persevered 38 consecutive times on the wildly popular and geeky game show Jeopardy! where the goal is to know more than your fellow contestants and win a lot of money.
But Ziri and Rima like the long school holidays.
But Ziri likes the long school holidays.
But a U.S. government panel on biosecurity, concerned that the mutated virus could fall into the hands of bioterrorists, asked two leading scientific magazines — Science and the British journal Nature — not to publish sensitive details of the work.
But a collection of facts is not science any more than a dictionary is poetry.
But a grinding economic crisis in Latin America's largest nation and the rise of "blocos," as local street parties are known, are changing the nature of the big bash.
But a man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
But a new law passed Thursday in Australia compels technology companies, device manufacturers and service providers to build in features needed for police to crack those hitherto secret codes.
But a new phone app may be able to help diagnose any potential problems on the field.
But a sentiment connects them.
But a spring rose out of the earth, watering all the surface of the earth.
But a terrible change came over our stepfather about this time.
But above all, I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to. It belongs to you. It belongs to you.
But above all, fraud must be punished very severely.
But according to Danish researcher Niels Graudal of Copenhagen University Hospital, the effect of a reduced-salt diet is less dramatic than you might think.
But according to a new study in the scientific journal Plos One, failure or refusal to use Rapid Diagnostic Testing can lead to misdiagnosis and a waste of expensive malaria drugs.
But after a few days Waraqa died and the Divine Inspiration was also paused for a while.
But after more than a year in prison, he escaped, further burnishing his legendary status.
But after she does that with the first glass, what is she going to do with the second one?
But after so many years there is still much to do.
But after that he had heard the words of the sons of Laban, saying: Jacob hath taken away all that was our father's, and being enriched by his substance is become great. And perceiving also, that Laban's countenance was not towards him as yesterday and the other day.
But after the first or the second moult, definite wing-rudiments are visible in the form of outgrowths on the corners of the second and third thoracic segments.
But after this, everything turned out well.
But all in all, things have gone well.
But all this, in the professor's opinion, does not matter, because the value of philosophy, according to him, is precisely in its uncertainty, in framing questions, not answering them.
But all this, in the professor's opinion, does not matter, because the value of philosophy, he says, is precisely in its uncertainty, in asking questions, not in answering these questions.
But all this, of course, I am telling you on the assumption that you have not already read it in the papers.
But always pleasure is accompanied by pain.
But am I the only sane one here?
But amid the designer shops and glass swathed high-rise buildings lies a small den of the bizarre; a place where valuable antiques jostle for place with the kitsch and the worthless, and slogans compete for space on the walls.
But among you stands one you do not know.
But an initiative by USAID is ensuring that youth who don't complete secondary school are trained in a vocation.
But anon new foes / come swarming up, while ever and again / fast fall the showers of stones, and thick the javelins rain.
But anon their bemused wits awoke to the nature of the deed which was like to be done upon the moorlands.
But are we really sure?
But artistically, their influence would prove considerable — which art critics say speaks to just how far ahead of his time Mr. Levy was.
But as I've told you, that has nothing to do with it!
But as Lady Ashton raised her head gracefully, expecting the strain at which she was to begin the dance, she was so much struck by an unexpected alteration in the ornaments of the apartment that she was surprised into an exclamation, “Who has dared to change the pictures?”
But as civilizations grew more complex, better methods of communication were needed.
But as he was always spending money, and never made any more, at last the day came when he had nothing left but two shillings, and he had to leave the beautiful rooms in which he had been living, and go into a little attic under the roof, and clean his own boots, and mend them with a darning-needle.
But as he was always spending money, and never made any more, at last the day came when he had nothing left but two shillings.
But as much as he wants to stand out and be the center of attention, Guy Diamond's greatest passion is helping his friends to treat themselves and live the good life.
But as they were all sitting down at table they saw a very old fairy come into the hall. She had not been invited, because for more than fifty years she had not been out of a certain tower, and she was believed to be either dead or enchanted.
But as transistors become tinier, they waste more power and generate more heat – all in a smaller and smaller space, as evidenced by the warmth emanating from the bottom of a laptop.
But at least one local artisan has found a way to make something positive and even beautiful from the debris left by the storm.
But at that time they had revolted.
But at the same time, localization of operations could lead to more investment, according to the report.
But at the sight of Chloe the memory of his love momentarily revived him, and he exclaimed: "I shall shortly be no more, my dear Chloe; I fought in defence of my cattle, and those wicked robbers, the pirates, have reduced me to this state."
But back to the point; I now understand the word "material". I suggest using "vehicle door".
But be careful what you wish for.
But because of their Turkish garments, the astronomers didn't believe him.
But because sleeping sickness can be a lethal illness and because some of the other drugs are so expensive and difficult to administer, melarsoprol continues to be used to treat trypanosomiasis patients.
But because the humidifier is on all night, in the morning the condensation pours off the windows.
But before the company can begin mining operations, the ISA mandated that it complete a biological study of the region.
But before they went to bed, the men of the city beset the house, both young and old, all the people together.
But behind the peaceful and sunlit country-side there rose ever, dark against the evening sky, the long, gloomy curve of the moor, broken by the jagged and sinister hills.
But being bored is also fun in a way.
But being so thin, graphene also is extremely hard to handle, like the transparent cellulose used for wrapping food.
But by leaving the humidifier on all night in the morning condensation’s pouring off the windows ...
But by using fire-fighting helicopters, we have already managed to largely limit fires.
But can it really be done?
But coffee is not good.
But come, and I will send thee to Pharaoh, that thou mayst bring forth my people, the children of Israel, out of Egypt.
But commercial food suppliers who supply tons of meat to consumers need more than the “sniff method” to determine if the meat they’re about to ship isn’t tainted.
But computerized axial tomography, better known as a helical CT scan, provided doctors with far greater detail.
But confessed freely, I am not the Christ.
But construction companies in other regions use bamboo mostly in engineered form, as plywood and other laminated byproducts.
But consumers will have to wait a little longer for a fully immersive, full length movie in virtual reality.
But crafty Cytherea planned meanwhile / new arts, new schemes: that Cupid should conspire, / in likeness of Ascanius, to beguile / the queen with gifts, and kindle fierce desire, / and turn the marrow of her bones to fire.
But custody of the children was a problem.
But day does daily draw my sorrows longer, and night does nightly make grief's length seem longer.
But deep down you're such a softy.
But democracy is nothing else than the equality of men before the law, and is consequently above all the triumphant vindication of the right of the weak in their relations with the strong.
But despite his victories in an important series of wars in many parts of Europe, Napoleon suffered some very serious losses.
But despite its unconventional construction and inexpensive price, the microscope called the Foldscope is pretty powerful and can magnify samples by 2,000 times.
But did anyone ever plant a boot in your ass?
But did they watch the match?
But did you receive the messages?
But director Lowery Stokes Sims said the Studio Museum is benefiting from a new recognition and a surge in Black philanthropy.
But do bigger houses, sometimes called McMansions, make people happier?
But do not distress yourself with dark imaginings.
But do you know all that innately, or what?
But do you know that you're absolutely the most selfish person I know?
But do you like it?
But do you love it?
But do you love us?
But do you receive the messages?
But do you think people are stupid?
But do you understand or not, what I'm feeling at this very moment?
But don't get me wrong.
But don't they realize that the policies they're supporting have these results?
But don't we have it written here?
But earthquakes are still as frightening as ever.
But energy giant AGL plans to decommission the facility in the New South Wales Hunter Valley in 2022 as it concentrates its commercial interests on renewable sources of energy, including solar and wind.
But enough wolves can conquer any lion.
But even better, his machine serves a vital function feeding the tomatoes, spinach, zucchini, and other crops on his two-hectare farm just outside Kenya's capital.
But even if he waited here it was hardly likely that the air would clear before night.
But even that became boring at some point.
But even the most spiritual life has its temptations. The extravagant fever of industrialism and intellectualism had so subtly poisoned the plant-men that when at last they rebelled against it they swung too far, falling into the snare of a vegetal life as one-sided as the old animal life had been. Little by little they gave less and less energy and time to "animal" pursuits, until at last their nights as well as their days were spent wholly as trees, and the active, exploring, manipulating, animal intelligence died in them forever.
But eventually he had come to the conclusion that nothing on earth is unchangeable beyond a certain limit of time.
But every man had to give five years of service to the government.
But every prophet that is willing to settle among you is worthy of his food.
But every train is so crowded that whatever we have in our hands doesn't fall even if we let it go.
But every train is so crowded that whatever we have in our hands doesn’t fall even if we let it go.
But everyone else is still.
But everything turned out different.
But everything turned out differently.
But everything's OK.
But everything's alright.
But everywhere there are signs of the prosperity that arrived under Mr. Thaksin. Some farms have replaced buffalos with tractors and many houses boast new extensions and satellite dishes.
But experts say even countries without these advantages can learn from Morocco's efforts. Morocco gets a lot of help from international non-governmental organizations. According to Silvio Mariotti, with the WHO's blindness and deafness prevention program, the country's political commitment made these partnerships much easier.
But father, what if something happens to you?
But few of them are worth reading.
But few people ponder over the fact that copying English words, terms and phrases causes irreversible mental changes.
But first kiss me, my darlings—a long kiss, for it is good-bye—and kiss, too, your little friends, Waldo and Silva, for in this world one may hope, but one can never be as sure as one would fain be, that good-byes are not for long.
But first, I want to finish my coffee.
But follow me cautiously; the road is narrow, and admits only one horse in front.
But for air, all living things would die.
But for air, nothing could live.
But for all the surrounding bucolic beauty, farmers and smallholders in northern Lazio, as in much of rural Italy, are becoming alarmed at the increasingly fickle weather with erratic rainfall, spring frost, tempestuous wind and summer drought.
But for everybody's support, I would not have passed the examination.
But for everybody’s support, I would not have passed the examination.
But for exams, our school life would be more fun.
But for her help, I wouldn't have passed the exam.
But for her help, he would have failed.
But for him who observes closely, and carefully pieces together his scattered observations, there gradually unfolds a picture of earth history so vast in its span of time that it staggers imagination.
But for his advice, I could not finish it.
But for his help, I might fail.
But for his help, your success would be impossible.
But for his steady support, my venture would have resulted in a failure.
But for his timely rescue, I would have drowned.
But for language, there would be no thought.
But for my advice he would have been ruined.
But for my advice you would have failed.
But for my advice, you would have failed.
But for my brother's help, I would have drowned.
But for my brother’s help, I would have drowned.
But for my family, I would not have worked so hard.
But for my family, I would not work so hard.
But for one “Hot Wheels” collector near Washington, DC, he’s turned a childhood passion into a grownup hobby he can share with others.
But for some reason, you still can't speak English in real life situations.
But for some reasons, you still can't speak Portuguese in real life situations.
But for sure, we obsess over the subject of work and how to do it better, faster, and more profitably.
But for the continent’s populist nationalists, including a group of national leaders in Central Europe, the election outcome has prompted dismay, and some foreboding.
But for the doctor's care, the patient would not be alive.
But for the doctor’s care, the patient would not be alive.
But for the heat of the sun, what would become of the living things on earth?
But for the map, we could not have found the way.
But for the modern medicine, I'd have been dead.
But for the moment his sense of relief was so great as to preclude all other feelings.
But for the rain, we would have had a pleasant journey.
But for the record, there are always tons of Catholics at Pride, even straight ones.
But for the safety belt, I wouldn't be alive today.
But for the safety belt, I wouldn’t be alive today.
But for the storm, I would have arrived earlier.
But for the support of the public, the President could not have survived the revolt.
But for their help, we could not have succeeded.
But for water, no living thing could survive.
But for water, no man could live.
But for you I'll always be insignificant.
But for you I’ll always be insignificant.
But for young people and others who have maintained good financial standing, the market may afford a unique opportunity to buy their first homes.
But for your help I could not have got over the hardship.
But for your help, I could not have done it.
But for your help, I should have failed.
But for your help, I would have failed.
But for your help, he would have failed.
But for your help, we should not have finished in time.
But for your steady support, my mission would have resulted in failure.
But forecasters say it is likely Bermuda will be sideswiped by Epsilon when it makes its closest pass sometime late Thursday.
But friendships will be his favorite memories at Princeton.
But from the mountain's grassy side / A guiltless feast I bring; / A scrip with herbs and fruits supplied / And water from the spring.
But fun is not enough.
But gladly sire Anchises hails the sign, / and gazing upward through the starlit air, / his hands and voice together lifts in prayer: / "O Jove omnipotent, dread power benign, / if aught our piety deserve, if e'er / a suppliant move thee, hearken and incline / this once, and aid us now and ratify thy sign."
But goddammit where did I put those rechargeable batteries?
But good AEneas (for a father's care / no rest allows him) to the ships sends down / Achates, to Ascanius charged to bear / the welcome news, and bring him to the town. / The father's fondness centres on the son.
But good AEneas, pondering through the night / distracting thoughts and many an anxious care, / resolved, when daybreak brought the gladsome light, / to search the coast, and back sure tidings bear, / what land was this, what habitants were there, / if man or beast, for, far as the eye could rove, / a wilderness the region seemed, and bare.
But have you already spent all the money?
But have you landed yet?
But have you received the messages?
But having someone is already good in and of itself, and if they treat you with sincerity and love you from the bottom of their heart, then you really can entrust your life to them.
But he acknowledging the gifts, said: She is juster than I: because I did not give her to Sela, my son. However he knew her no more.
But he and other Eastern Cape conservationists have seen enough leopard spoor, droppings and the carcasses of animals killed by the powerful carnivores to convince them that the cats are still prevalent in the region, although in much fewer numbers than in the past.
But he answered: I seek my brethren, tell me where they feed the flocks.
But he answered: Peace be with you, fear not: your God, and the God of your father, hath given you treasure in your sacks. For the money, which you gave me, I have for good. And he brought Simeon out to them.
But he answered: Thou knowest how I have served thee, and how great thy possession hath been in my hands.
But he answered: Who hath appointed thee prince and judge over us? wilt thou kill me, as thou didst yesterday kill the Egyptian? Moses feared, and said: How is this come to be known?
But he answered: Who is the Lord, that I should hear his voice, and let Israel go? I know not the Lord, neither will I let Israel go.
But he believed he had good reasons.
But he believes N-REL's efforts can make wind power competitive in America's more unregulated energy marketplace.
But he can't do it.
But he can't enjoy hot summers.
But he can’t dance.
But he can’t enjoy hot summers.
But he checks the menu before it.
But he courteously saluting them again, asked them, saying: Is the old man your father in health, of whom you told me? Is he yet living?
But he cried to the Lord, and he shewed him a tree, which when he had cast into the waters, they were turned into sweetness.
But he did make an oblique reference to the deteriorating human rights situation, one that the White House has increasingly become more public in condemning in recent weeks.
But he did not lose his smile, not in the problematic situation.
But he did not often smile.
But he doesn't know it yet.
But he doesn’t know it yet.
But he drawing back his hand, the other came forth: and the woman said: Why is the partition divided for thee? and therefore called his name Phares.
But he has bad manners.
But he ignored calls for his resignation, saying he had been duly elected and then re-elected to his post.
But he in no wise consenting to that wicked act said to her: Behold, my master hath delivered all things to me, and knoweth not what he hath in his own house: Neither is there any thing which is not in my power, or that he hath not delivered to me, but thee, who art his wife; how then can I do this wicked thing, and sin against my God?
But he is bad at reading English.
But he is still alive?
But he isn't here.
But he isn't wearing anything at all!
But he knew he had no choice.
But he knew it couldn't last.
But he knew it couldn’t last.
But he likes the long school holidays.
But he musing, beheld her with silence, desirous to know whether the Lord had made his journey prosperous or not.
But he needed a job.
But he plays soccer with his friend.
But he really wanted a son.
But he refusing, said: I know, my son, I know: and this also shall become a people, and shall be multiplied; but his younger brother shall be greater than he; and his seed shall grow into nations.
But he said again: Rightly is his name called Jacob; for he hath supplanted me lo this second time: My birthright he took away before, and now this second time he hath stolen away my blessing. And again he said to his father: Hast thou not reserved me also a blessing?
But he said, so far, the president’s ideas do not go far enough to cut costs and put those programs on a sustainable budgetary path.
But he said, too few nations have abided by their commitments.
But he said: I beseech thee, Lord, send whom thou wilt send.
But he said: I have plenty, my brother, keep what is thine for thyself.
But he said: Lord God, whereby may I know that I shall possess it?
But he said: My son shall not go down with you: his brother is dead, and he is left alone: if any mischief befall him in the land to which you go, you will bring down my grey hairs with sorrow to hell.
But he said: The thing thou dost is not good. Thou art spent with foolish labour, both thou, and this people that is with thee; the business is above thy strength, thou alone canst not bear it.
But he said: Thou shalt take seven ewelambs at my hand: that they may be a testimony for me, that I dug this well.
But he said: Thy name shall not be called Jacob, but Israel; for if thou hast been strong against God, how much more shalt thou prevail against men?
But he said: Where is he? why have you let the man go? call him that he may eat bread.
But he says that Buddhist-based psychotherapy is more than meditation.
But he set up a monument of stone, in the place where God had spoken to him: pouring drink-offerings upon it, and pouring oil thereon: and calling the name of that place Bethel.
But he slept like a baby.
But he suddenly felt dizzy and he sat down again in his old chair.
But he that did not lie in wait for him, but God delivered him into his hands: I will appoint thee a place to which he must flee.
But he wanted a son very much.
But he was always happy to leave again.
But he was excited too.
But he was lucky.
But he was sick and weary; and he soon fell sound asleep.
But he who knows what insanity is, is sane; whereas insanity can no more be sensible of its own existence, than blindness can see itself.
But he will never ever find it.
But he's playing football with his friend.
But he's so cute!
But he's still alive?
But he, stretching forth his right hand, put it upon the head of Ephraim, the younger brother; and the left upon the head of Manasses, who was the elder, changing his hands.
But hear my words and counsels, and God shall be with thee. Be thou to the people in those things that pertain to God, to bring their words to him, and to shew the people the ceremonies, and the manner of worshipping; and the way wherein they ought to walk, and the work that they ought to do.
But heedless, blind with frenzy, one and all / up to the sacred citadel we strain, / and there the ill-omened prodigy install.
But her nose isn't pretty.
But here comes the Master alone, and looking as gloomy as a night in November.
But here is the long-awaited highway.
But hey, you be the judge.
But his command of the concert repertory and the required technique is astonishing.
But his dreams were as gigantic as his surroundings were small.
But his eyes were blue and bright.
But his friends call him Ken.
But his friends got together to help him.
But his little daughter whispered, As she took his icy hand, "Isn't God upon the ocean, Just the same as on the land?"
But his name is slightly familiar to me.
But his nose is not pretty.
But his nose isn't handsome.
But his youngest daughter was so beautiful the sun itself was astonished whenever it shone on her face.
But how are you going to decide what is important, and what isn't?
But how are you going to do it.
But how big is your computer?
But how can I do that?
But how can a human being know all that?
But how can that be achieved?
But how can they do this?
But how can this be achieved?
But how can this be brought about?
But how can we do that?
But how can you find rational pleasure in spinning round like a teetotum in a room of eighty degrees temperature?
But how can you not believe in love?
But how did the reclusive state become so adept at breaking into systems and what role does cryptocurrency play in financing the regime?
But how did you manage to recognise us?
But how difficult that was!
But how do you know that?
But how do you know this?
But how does this story end?
But how much did you win?
But how that comes about I am at a loss to explain.
But how the heck does he act like that?
But how to download the video?
But how was it possible?
But how was that possible?
But how would the great painting look if Seurat's colors had not, as the art world calls it, gone fugitive? Enter Roy Berns, who gingerly ran an instrument called a spectrophotometer over the priceless Seurat.
But human beings are different.
But if I don't do it too, how can I help her?
But if I don't do it too, how can I help him?
But if I don't do it too, how can I help you?
But if I have committed a crime, every circumstance of the case is changed.
But if I were in Brazil, I would be much more afraid.
But if I'm not willing to do it, I'll tell myself or anyone else that unfortunately I'm short of time, I don't have the time.
But if a woman is partial to a man, and does not endeavour to conceal it, he must find it out.
But if he did this when the sun is risen, he hath committed murder, and he shall die. If he have not wherewith to make restitution for the theft, he shall be sold.
But if he have betrothed her to his son, he shall deal with her after the manner of daughters.
But if he knew that his ox was wont to push yesterday, and the day before, and his master did not keep him in; he shall pay ox for ox, and shall take the whole carcass.
But if he says he loves you, then get ready!
But if her death ensue thereupon, he shall render life for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot, burning for burning, wound for wound, stripe for stripe.
But if his master gave him a wife, and she hath borne sons and daughters; the woman and her children shall be her master's: but he himself shall go out with his raiment.
But if intellectual property is to be addressed within NAFTA, it is critical that user rights are balanced alongside the extensive protections already granted to rights holders.
But if it be from the sick, or if it be in any way soiled, clean it.
But if she says she loves you, then get ready!
But if the number be less than may suffice to eat the lamb, he shall take unto him his neighbour that joineth to his house, according to the number of souls which may be enough to eat the lamb.
But if the ox was wont to push with his horn yesterday, and the day before, and they warned his master, and he did not shut him up, and he shall kill a man or a woman: then the ox shall be stoned, and his owner also shall be put to death.
But if the party remain alive a day or two, he shall not be subject to the punishment, because it is his money.
But if the woman will not follow thee, thou shalt not be bound by the oath: only bring not my son back thither again.
But if they will not even believe these two signs, nor hear thy voice: take of the river water, and pour it out upon the dry land, and whatsoever thou drawest out of the river, shall be turned into blood.
But if this be love, surely we are loved; so what else can it be that we long for? Why are we so sad and restless? Why do we so eagerly seek each other?
But if thou refuse, and withhold them still: Behold my hand shall be upon thy fields; and a very grievous murrain upon thy horses, and asses, and camels, and oxen, and sheep.
But if thou resist, and wilt not let them go, behold I will bring in to-morrow the locusts into thy coasts, to cover the face of the earth, that nothing thereof may appear, but that which the hail hath left may be eaten: for they shall feed upon all the trees that spring in the fields.
But if thou wilt not let them go, behold I will send in upon thee, and upon thy servants, and upon thy houses, all kind of flies: and the houses of the Egyptians shall be filled with flies of divers kinds, and the whole land wherein they shall be.
But if we did—think of this, if we didn't do testing—instead of testing over 40 million people, if we did half the testing we'd have half the cases. If we did another—you cut that in half, we’d have yet again half of that.
But if we don't land, then what?
But if we were completely rational, would we then still want children?
But if we were wholly rational, would we want children at all?
But if you don’t tie him up, he’ll wander all over the place and get lost.
But if you look close enough into the grooves and onto the lip of the Cup, you will see that players started to scratch and engrave their names into it.
But if you meet someone at night, of course you will say good evening.
But if you met the person in the afternoon, of course you will say good afternoon.
But if you put the kitten between the whales, he'll be warm.
But if you put the kitten between the whales, he’ll be warm.
But if you will not be circumcised, we will take our daughter and depart.
But if you're wrong, don't give up. Because you don't know what's going to happen next. Remember, don't give up easily.
But in 1806, Napoleon crushed the Prussian state.
But in October 1996 he was forced off his bike and into the hospital. After complaining of terrible pain, he was soon diagnosed with testicular cancer.
But in a country where land officials say that disputes over a few meters of turf are turning deadlier, and the population is booming, the war on hunger is far from won.
But in fear of this, the almighty father hid them in black caves, and placed a mound and high mountains over them, and he gave them a king who, under a binding agreement, would know both to suppress them and to give them loose reins, when ordered.
But in many ways, the bird called Alex is unusual, for it has shown the kind of mental abilities that scientists once thought only humans had.
But in order for these lights to shine and bring hope to the entire world, the pope added, they must be made available to all.
But in other countries there is a problem of poverty.
But in return they get a clear look at important games, and if they miss something, they can always rely on the commentator's description or the instant replay.
But in return they get a clear look at important games, and if they miss something, they can always rely on the commentator’s description or the instant replay.
But in spite of the merits of being single, they do want to get married some day.
But in that case the matter would have been decided by itself.
But in the end he put the book on the fire.
But in the few short weeks since, she had caught more than one glimpse of Primeval Nature,—she of the bloody fang, blind, remorseless, insensate, destroying, ever destroying.
But in the fourth generation they shall return hither: for as yet the iniquities of the Amorrhites are not at the full until this present time.
But in the last fifty years the temperature increased one and a half degrees.
But in this we may be allied with you, if you will be like us, and all the male sex among you be circumcised:Then will we mutually give and take your daughters, and ours; and we will dwell with you, and will be one people:
But in wandering around I've found my place in the world and I'm now a lady detective, not an especially high-class occupation but satisfactory as a bread-winner.
But increase you and multiply, and go upon the earth and fill it.
But instead of a bottle, they used a glass jar with a glass lid — the sort that Elody made use of to keep sweets in.
But instead, I got bullied.
But instead, he got the shaft.
But instinct is something which transcends knowledge. We have, undoubtedly, certain finer fibers that enable us to perceive truths when logical deduction, or any other willful effort of the brain, is futile.
But is he aware of the incorrect message he is sending?
But is it fair?
But is it summer already?
But is it true that he wanted to go to Germany?
But is it true that tomorrow you get older?
But is that goal truly attainable with millions more expected to need antiretroviral drugs in coming years?
But is that really so?
But is this news true?
But isn't he above the law?
But isn't it true?
But it all worked out in the end.
But it allows you to enter the church.
But it also was a sign of something bigger: locals and foreigners are now looking beyond Vietnam’s biggest cities and finding potential in second-tier locales.
But it does move!
But it doesn't seem like that to me.
But it is also true that there can be no dictionary of words presented as amorphous raw material.
But it is also what is difficult.
But it is better to stay at home.
But it is necessary to the happiness of man that he be mentally faithful to himself.
But it is not only the flag itself that elicits strong reactions. In some cases, just the radial pattern design of the flag is enough.
But it is pleasant to sleep.
But it is specially evil that the young maiden folk are exceedingly bold of speech and bearing, and curse like troopers, to say nothing of their shameful words and scandalous coarse sayings, which one always hears and learns from another.
But it is undeniable that his influence on French history has been tremendous, and many of the institutions that Napoleon established are still incredibly important in contemporary French society.
But it is unlikely that something is strange to everyone in every way.
But it isn't 12 p.m. yet, right?
But it isn't enough for you.
But it lets us get into the church.
But it looked comfortable.
But it must be candidly admitted that the most attractive feature, to two healthy girls who had just tramped four miles through autumn air, was a table, set out with pale blue china and laden with delicacies, while little golden-hued ferns scattered over the cloth gave it what Anne would have termed "a festal air."
But it says there has been an overemphasis on programs of short-term stabilization over more long-term development and stability projects.
But it seemed so real.
But it seems that you like it.
But it smells strange.
But it was a good experience which led me to see the bigger picture.
But it was all for no avail.
But it was his wife who again met him at the door, though it seemed another woman than the one he had left weeping in the morning.
But it was like trying to stop the rain from falling.
But it was not successful for long because everyone, even religious people, had a strong attraction to the game.
But it was not the sight of her body, nor yet was it that of the body of Hugo Baskerville lying near her, which raised the hair upon the heads of these three dare-devil roysterers, but it was that, standing over Hugo, and plucking at his throat, there stood a foul thing, a great, black beast, shaped like a hound, yet larger than any hound that ever mortal eye has rested upon.
But it was not until they settled at the table that he saw, under the bright electric light, that her hair was red, not blonde, and he immediately felt he'd been gypped.
But it was not, in fact, the end of ideology.
But it was only Aimée, in her gray cloak; and as the door closed behind her, that small person advanced toward him, crumpling her white forehead and looking quite disturbed at the mere sight of him.
But it was the company founded by Dr. Seuss's family that decided to stop printing the six books.
But it wasn't me.
But it wasn't over yet.
But it would be great if she could go about her work a little more briskly.
But it's a typical savannah country, and we enjoy cooler temperatures.
But it's almost half past eleven.
But it's already translated!
But it's also good to write in Kadazan to know how to use it.
But it's getting darker and darker.
But it's good to use the word "je" as rarely as possible.
But it's huge!
But it's in the newspaper!
But it's me who should thank you.
But it's mine! You borrowed it from me last year and you never returned it.
But it's not exactly a typical dictionary.
But it's not fair!
But it's snowing!
But it's so boring!
But it's that Mary makes too much.
But it's the rhetoric of failure.
But it's too expensive!
But it's true!
But it's true.
But it's very strong actually.
But it's wonderful!
But its origin dates back 2000 years and comes from a pagan holiday that honored the dead on the last day of the Celtic calendar on October 31.
But it’s a typical savannah country, and we enjoy cooler temperatures.
But it’s almost half past eleven.
But it’s not as easy as it looks.
But it’s the rhetoric of failure.
But it’s very strong actually.
But just two hours later, the new president adopted a more conciliatory tone. "Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views." That tweet was retweeted 81,527 times, making it the 10th most retweeted of his first year.
But last month, they upped the ante, accusing Assange in a new 18-count superseding indictment of violating the 1917 Espionage Act by distributing classified information.
But let me remind you of one thing.
But let me thank you for your generous words, at least. I have had none spoken to me in so long.
But let not this blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive for high ideals, and everywhere life is full of heroism.
But let this remain between us.
But let's not forget that The Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16 ft through an announcer's table.
But life is a battle: may we all be able to fight it well!
But life is hard.
But life is sad and solemn. We're dropped in a wonderful world, we find ourselves here, we introduce ourselves, and are together for a bit. Then we lose each other, and disappear just as suddenly and inexplicably as when we came.
But life is short!
But life takes its course traced by the hand of Destiny - it is best to forget.
But lift thou up thy rod, and stretch forth thy hand over the sea, and divide it: that the children of Israel may go through the midst of the sea on dry ground.
But light does not travel at the same speed through all materials; it goes slower through some than through others.
But like those enduring challenges, xenophobic attacks are also proving hard to wipe out.
But listen to the rest of the story.
But little white lies here and there is human nature. Everybody does that.
But lo! the serpents to Tritonia's seat / glide from their victim, till the shrine they gain, / and, coiled beside the goddess, at her feet, / behind her sheltering shield with gathered orbs retreat.
But look at those colors!
But look at what you've got now.
But look!
But love can break your heart.
But love is blind, and lovers cannot see the pretty follies that themselves commit.
But man loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil.
But man was a sturdy race, which had fought for existence through a million years, and the training of a million years does not slough quickly from any form of life, so their energies were bent to mock battles now, since real ones no longer existed.
But many activists say women have a long way to go before achieving parity and equal rights with men.
But many at home are ecstatic as local markets become flooded with the king of fruits, sending prices plummeting.
But many of them didn't deserve it.
But many of those pirating music on the Internet see themselves as music promoters rather than criminals.
But many people choose a different approach to dealing with hair loss. One of them is a transplant. Dr. Robert Bernstein, associate professor of dermatology at Columbia University in New York, says that this surgical procedure has been perfected to the degree that people cannot tell the difference between transplanted hair and natural hair.
But maybe guys don't like them.
But maybe guys don’t like them.
But meanwhile it flees: time flees irretrievably, while we wander around, prisoners of our love of detail.
But men aren't the only ones who do this.
But mom, I need a gaming PC for school!
But more often than not, we came back empty-handed.
But more than 90 of these villages got a makeover in the past decade. Artists have painted giant, colorful murals on the walls of old buildings or streets.
But most computer users know 'a little' English.
But most importantly, any news organization or journalist should be prepared to admit errors when they’ve been made.
But most of all he wondered what her name was.
But most of all will you have the respect of men, if you are seen to avoid doing things which you would blame others for doing.
But musicians here are grappling with an even more basic truth: most radio and TV stations play their music but do not pay royalty fees.
But my absolute favorite is not there.
But my covenant I will establish with Isaac, whom Sara shall bring forth to thee at this time in the next year.
But my drawing was not of a hat.
But my elder sister can swim perfectly well.
But my friends will laugh at me!
But my little fellow did not look lost. Nor did he seem weak with exhaustion, or hunger, or thirst, or fright.
But my lord, we can become rich.
But my mind tells my fingers what to do.
But my mother always answered.
But my older sister is good at swimming.
But my older sister knows how to swim quite well.
But my place is like a rabbit hutch.
But never mind, get to horse now, and take care of your sister.
But no curious people had gathered.
But no disciple can be excused if he does not have zeal.
But no man could help me.
But no one said anything about it.
But no one wanted to hear it.
But no one will pay them.
But no one's lifted a finger.
But no one’s lifted a finger.
But no, you preferred to go to the more expensive supermarket.
But no, you will have your own way: 'I won't marry anybody but Vasily Gruskoff.'
But no, you will have your own way: ’I won’t marry anybody but Vasily Gruskoff.’
But nobody believed her.
But nobody believed him.
But nobody believed me.
But nobody came.
But nobody can help me.
But nobody knows what he's really up to.
But nobody knows what she's really up to.
But not all his skill and labour, in disposing to advantage the little furniture which remained, could remove the dark and disconsolate appearance of those ancient and disfurnished walls.
But not all locals are happy. One pensioner, who would only give her name as Giovanna, bewailed what she described as an "invasion," saying it has upset the tranquility of the town and the rhythm of daily life, especially at weekends, when most activity in the town used to revolve around church.
But not before choir practice.
But not everyone has the ability to change vehicles frequently.
But not everyone took heed of the warnings and some of those motorists who ventured into the city were greeted with the sight of snowmen in the middle of the streets.
But not in front of the choir.
But not long ago I saw you throw six Carthusian monks into the mud, with the result that they emerged black instead of white. You meanwhile laughed, as if you'd done a good thing.
But not really.
But not to trivialize the miracle of nanotechnology: it is quite useful if you're designing the layout of a computer chip or studying human DNA.
But nothing is so hard for those who abound in riches, as to conceive how others can be in want.
But nothing of the sort happened.
But now Africa is slowly making its mark on the global industry as independent game developers begin to carve their creative niche and hone their technical skills.
But now I know your view on this matter a bit better and I'll try to understand it.
But now I live in Tokyo.
But now I love you.
But now I need to rest.
But now I understand that I'm nothing.
But now Tom says he doesn't want to go.
But now everything's all right, right?
But now it's too late. The train is off.
But now its football team has quietly proven to be a tough squad made up of players who can dribble, pass, shoot and most importantly wear down opponents.
But now the rumour ran that the prince was to be married to the beautiful daughter of a neighbouring king.
But now the vault which had covered the fountain being broken down and riven, and the Gothic font ruined and demolished, the stream burst forth from the recess of the earth in open day, and winded its way among the broken sculpture and moss-grown stones which lay in confusion around its source.
But now their gratitude and joy were extravagant; they sprang about, like young dogs just let loose from their kennels; they piped, they sang; and they wrestled together in imitation of their goats and rams.
But now there's work afoot to revive many of these dead languages, and not just for sheer academic pleasure.
But now things have changed tremendously.
But now to our next topic.
But now you seek to kill me, a man who has told you the truth that I heard from God. This is not what Abraham did.
But now, a new problem has surfaced.
But now, even the young are cautious about venturing out — and not only because of the government decree.
But now, nothing is left for me.
But now, when only one step was left to reach the goal, Orestes suddenly lost his courage.
But of course my drawing is much less lovely than the model.
But of course that was a long time ago.
But of course!
But of course.
But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but my Father only.
But on Lee's 24th birthday, things got a little easier. That’s when he became eligible to receive a quarterly check from the government for about $220.
But on the day of the mock exams, there are no club activities, so that means I can walk back home with Haruka. And I'm grateful for that.
But on the day of the mock exams, there are no club activities, so that means I can walk back home with Haruka. And I’m grateful for that.
But on the flip side, it could lead to better results.
But on the other hand, there are significant differences between them.
But on the sixth day they gathered twice as much, that is, two gomors every man: and all the rulers of the multitude came, and told Moses.
But one evening my eyes were opened.
But one hundred years later, the Negro still is not free. One hundred years later, the life of the Negro is still sadly crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains of discrimination. One hundred years later, the Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity. One hundred years later, the Negro is still languished in the corners of American society and finds himself an exile in his own land. And so we've come here today to dramatize a shameful condition.
But one of the charges put repeatedly by the opposition against the government is that they don’t have the manpower.
But one there was who didn't care, / Whatever the furious storm might dare, / A wonderful, hook-nosed bright-eyed fellow / In a thin brown cape and a cap of yellow / That perched on his dripping coal-black hair.
But only a few people know this.
But only four are common in Bangladesh.
But other heat-trapping pollutants have a more short-term impact, and the researchers say cutting those emissions could be a more effective way to slow the rate of climate warming and reduce sea-level rise.
But other things would need to be taken into account as well.
But otter hunting is no "mug's game." Let it be known that it requires more than a few couple of hounds and a brace or so of terriers to kill an otter.
But otter hunting is no "mug’s game." Let it be known that it requires more than a few couple of hounds and a brace or so of terriers to kill an otter.
But paper-writing skills, she said, are important because they develop the kinds of “habits of mind” academic institutions and universities widely regard as crucial.
But people can do this.
But people have a little hope.
But people have little hope.
But perception isn’t reality. A key distinction lies in intent and origin. If these extraterrestrials present themselves as deities (like the Goa’uld in Stargate SG-1), they might exploit our awe for control. Alternatively, they could be benevolent, indifferent, or just curious—none of which inherently makes them gods. Philosophically, a god often implies worship-worthiness tied to ultimate power or moral perfection. An alien species might outclass us in tech—say, building Dyson Spheres or warping spacetime—but still be fallible, selfish, or mortal. Would we call a super-smart, super-strong human a god? Probably not, unless they transcend the natural order entirely.
But perhaps you mean that your learning will be not like that.
But poor people did not go to concerts.
But probably I'll be the last, which is a pity.
But probably I’ll be the last, which is a pity.
But rain has been sparse in Tanzania, as it has in neighboring East African nations, and meteorologists are warning of a prolonged dry season.
But rainfall increased in 2010. That, along with improved distribution of agricultural inputs, such as seed, fertilizer and pesticide, led to a record harvest. There was also a rebound in pastureland countrywide.
But rather than collecting these grains from the ground and saving the mission cost of $168 million, Donald Brownlee says it was necessary to go to the comet to get them, because they are uncontaminated by earthly material.
But relating to the nature of the act, I say to you: our king was neither good, nor just, nor merciful, nor devout, nor godly, nor peaceable, but an enemy who has been such for ten years, nor was he a father of his country, but a destroyer of it.
But remember: The 1907 crowd in their bowler hats and petticoat dresses had no computers, no air conditioners, no passenger airplanes, no microwave ovens, no television sets, no polio vaccine. And how those poor wretches scraped a life together without credit cards and electric guitars, we'll never know.
But research by Hyun Lillehoj and her team could offer a new way to reduce losses from the disease. Hyun Lillehoj is an immunologist in the Agricultural Research Service of the United States Department of Agriculture. She works in the Animal Parasitic Diseases Laboratory in Beltsville, Maryland. She led a team of scientists from research centers in South Korea.
But researchers at EPFL — the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne — say using rice starch instead of sugar with the rehydration salts could reduce bacterial toxicity by almost 75 percent.
But researchers may have found a way to use Wolbachia's sterilizing power on mosquitos that carry Dengue, and Zika.
But restoring the Chesapeake also means considering how we build our homes, office buildings and factories. George Hawkins, director of the District Department of the Environment in Washington, says communities in the watershed are designing new buildings that conserve energy and water and pollute less. They are also upgrading older buildings to green standards and protecting land from development. Hawkins says individual actions can make a huge difference in the bay's restoration.
But retribution was at hand, and the wicked city met with sudden destruction, for one night Dahut stole the silver key for the purpose of opening the city gates to admit her lover, and in the darkness by mistake opened the sluices.
But retribution was at hand, and the wicked city met with sudden destruction.
But say, "O my Lord! advance me in knowledge."
But scientists compare genetic engineering to inserting just a page's worth of information into that huge genetic library.
But scientists say the Toba supervolcanic eruption, which took place some 74,000-75,000 years ago in an area that is now home to Lake Toba in Sumatra, Indonesia was one the largest known VEI 8 volcanic eruptions ever to take place on Earth.
But seated in an easy-chair by the fire was a tall man, carefully dressed, with diamond studs in his shirt, and a toilette which, though subdued in tone as a gentleman's evening dress must be, was yet too elaborate for the occasion.
But see, Python has the unfortunate habit of making everything look too easy. To really show the guts of a plugin infrastructure, we’ll switch to C.
But seriously, I think so too.
But she always stayed aloof from public life.
But she didn't give in.
But she gets it while she can.
But she had heard that an offspring, led by Trojan blood, would one day overturn the Tyrian citadels; from this would come a nation ruling widely and proud in war, for the destruction of Libya: thus the Fates spun out their destiny.
But she had heard, how men of Trojan seed / those Tyrian towers should level, how again / from these in time a nation should proceed, / wide-ruling, tyrannous in war, the bane / (so Fate was working) of the Libyan reign.
But she had not expected to cross an ocean, enter a new and romantic-sounding country, and find herself in exactly the same position.
But she is innocent!
But she knew he was alived and in good health.
But she liked children and she enjoyed her work.
But she likes the long school holidays.
But she not finding where her foot might rest, returned to him into the ark: for the waters were upon the whole earth: and he put forth his hand, and caught her, and brought her into the ark.
But she said: I have here my servant Bala: go in unto her, that she may bear upon my knees, and I may have children by her.
But she soon grew weary of that occupation; she became careless in her reports, impatient and tetchy when reprimanded for her negligence.
But she was not scared.
But she was referring to something else.
But she wasn't thinking of anything and just wept.
But she wasn’t thinking of anything and just wept.
But she went in haste and told her father.
But she's innocent!
But showing off the presents could embarrass the guests who did not bring one.
But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life, and only a few find it.
But so far, both Pelosi of California and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky have dismissed the possibility of both chambers recessing during the crisis, citing Congress' need to be in session to push through emergency health and economic assistance.
But so that we may not cause offense, go to the lake and throw out your line. Take the first fish you catch; open its mouth and you will find a four-drachma coin. Take it and give it to them for my tax and yours.
But some academics say politicians can overstate their influence over the economy.
But some entrepreneurs, such as edamame farmer Hou Chau-pai are finding ways to carve out niche markets and thrive.
But some people think if they only have one cigarette per day, or 10 or fewer, they are in the clear for smoking-related diseases including lung cancer and heart disease.
But some philosophical people have been asking why three dimensions particularly—why not another direction at right angles to the other three?—and have even tried to construct a Four-Dimensional geometry.
But some studies suggest that little understood changes in the planet's large circulating water patterns, and what scientists call "decreased heat flux" in the warm Atlantic waters that flow North from the equator could actually reverse the trend of less ice.
But somehow he managed to stagger to the doors.
But somehow, he managed to stagger to the doors.
But something different came out.
But something has gone wrong.
But soon he would not be able to walk, write, or even eat by himself.
But soon their skins turned cold, for there came a sound of galloping across the moor, and the black mare, dabbled with white froth, went past with trailing bridle and empty saddle.
But space junk falling on housetops is not the biggest worry. Scientists are concerned about the “Kessler” syndrome. It is named for the American scientist who first thought of the idea in nineteen seventy-eight. Imagine what happens when an empty rocket strikes another while orbiting the earth. Two big things become many smaller things. They then hit other things. The pieces get smaller and smaller until they form a cloud of junk that blocks the path of future space vehicles.
But still the effects, whether produced by successive or by simultaneous action, do, wholly or in part, cancel one another: what the one force does, the other, partly or altogether, undoes.
But still you people do not accept our testimony.
But stupid guys aren't impressive to girls.
But suddenly, Little Venusian really needs to go and pee.
But surely, if your supernatural theory be correct, it could work the young man evil in London as easily as in Devonshire. A devil with merely local powers like a parish vestry would be too inconceivable a thing.
But take her within, slaves.
But tell me the truth, what was it that drove you here?
But tell me with whom I am speaking?
But that can soon change since researchers at the Harvard John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences (SEAS) have developed a new insulin delivery system that could someday allow patients to forgo the painful shots in favor of taking the medication orally.
But that did nothing to diminish his excitement or that of his family and supporters at home in Indian-administered Kashmir, who took huge pride in the only Indian athlete to have made it into the 2022 Winter Olympics.
But that doesn't affect me.
But that doesn't affect the sentencing.
But that doesn't bother him one bit.
But that doesn't mean anything.
But that guy is irritating!
But that he was idle, he would have succeeded.
But that is a problem.
But that is strange.
But that is why punks still exist!
But that isn't true.
But that same principle must apply to Muslim perceptions of America. Just as Muslims do not fit a crude stereotype, America is not the crude stereotype of a self-interested empire.
But that seems a distant memory now as Gavidia fights for every breath while his body battles the coronavirus.
But that seems a distant memory now.
But that seems a distant memory.
But that seems like a distant memory now.
But that seems like a distant memory.
But that won't work!
But that would be extremely strained and suspicious as in fifteen years of service Gregor had never once yet been ill.
But that wouldn't make any sense.
But that your fear of me was greater than his life, now I bless you and your offspring, just so that they multiply like the stars in the heavens and just as grains of sand on the sea.
But that's absurd though.
But that's absurd.
But that's another story entirely.
But that's another story.
But that's impossible, professor.
But that's incredible!
But that's mine! You borrowed it from me last year and you never returned it.
But that's no argument!
But that's none of my business.
But that's not all that happened.
But that's not all.
But that's not likely at all.
But that's not possible!
But that's not saying anything.
But that's not the last train, right?
But that's not the only reason for his arrest.
But that's not the only reason he was busted.
But that's not the point.
But that's not the real problem.
But that's not the whole picture. Tatoeba is not just an open, collaborative, multilingual dictionary of sentences. It's part of an ecosystem that we want to build.
But that's not true.
But that's only natural because you don't know their ways yet.
But that's the only thing I could do against this injustice.
But that's very, very difficult.
But that's what I'm saying.
But that's what we had yesterday.
But that's... downright disgusting. Why isn't anybody doing something against that?
But that’s not the whole picture. Tatoeba is not just an open, collaborative, multilingual dictionary of sentences. It’s part of an ecosystem that we want to build.
But that’s only natural because you don’t know their ways yet.
But the American-born lawyer warns that Taiwan’s per-capita carbon footprint remains one of the world’s largest and that the village efforts may just create a false sense of progress.
But the Evans were clean and they had enough to eat.
But the IOC is also refusing to consider the possibility of outright cancelling the Games.
But the Japanese also relish pizzas topped with corn or squid, hamburgers smothered in mayonnaise and wasabi, or chowder brimming with tofu — that is to say, fermented soybean curd.
But the Lord said to Moses: Pharaoh will not hear you, that many signs may be done in the land of Egypt.
But the Lord scourged Pharaoh and his house with most grievous stripes for Sarai, Abram's wife.
But the Lord was with Joseph, and having mercy upon him gave him favour in the sight of the chief keeper of the prison.
But the Nobel Committee said that poverty was a threat to world peace, and Mother Teresa worked against poverty.
But the Professor was fenced round with safeguards so cunningly devised that, do what I would, it seemed impossible to get evidence which would convict in a court of law.
But the Raven, sitting lonely on that placid bust, spoke only that one word, as if its soul in that one word he did outpour.
But the World Health Organization's Roland Sutter says that the triple, or 'trivalent' vaccine is, in effect, overkill.
But the answer is not to turn inward, to retreat into competing factions, distrusting those who don’t look like you do, or worship the way you do, or don’t get their news from the same sources you do.
But the answers were all wrong.
But the beginning is good.
But the benefits are significant at all ages.
But the best one was Caleb!
But the best part of being a Girl Scout? “It’s always been camping,” she said. “You put your phones away and bond with nature — and just giggle uncontrollably with your friends.”
But the bill must still be passed by the lower house and half of all state legislatures before it turns into law. That task may not be easy, given the staunch opposition of these parties and growing disquiet among other lawmakers.
But the boy stayed away for a long time.
But the boys spent all their holidays on Mr Wood's farm.
But the boys spent all their holidays on Mr Wood’s farm.
But the butcher is observing the holiday today, there's nothing we can do about it.
But the case nevertheless is, that those things derive their origin from the proxysm of the crucifixion, and the theory deduced therefrom, which was, that one person could stand in the place of another, and could perform meritorious services for him.
But the chief butler, when things prospered with him, forgot his interpreter.
But the children must not be left to starve.
But the children of Israel marched through the midst of the sea upon dry land, and the waters were to them as a wall on the right hand and on the left.
But the children struggled in her womb, and she said: If it were to be so with me, what need was there to conceive? And she went to consult the Lord.
But the coffee isn't good.
But the coffee isn't sweet.
But the coffee isn't tasty.
But the coffee's not good.
But the coffee’s not good.
But the compass isn't in the head of the bee, it's in the body.
But the compass isn’t in the head of the bee, it’s in the body.
But the data show that with the exception of Antarctica, that natural cooling tapered off at the end of the 19th century, coinciding with the onset of industrialization and the resulting increase in greenhouse gas emissions.
But the determination of the vocabulary leaves few grammatical questions wholly indeterminate.
But the earth's magnetic field is very weak.
But the earth’s magnetic field is very weak.
But the election overseers say official results may have to be delayed while they investigate a rising number of serious charges of voting fraud.
But the extraordinary homeliness of her gait and manner would have eclipsed any face in the world.
But the fact is that the U.S. automobile industry got its start in agrarian Indiana.
But the farmer smiled at him.
But the farmer was kind to him and taught him a lot.
But the farmer was smiling at him.
But the first thing we say is "hello."
But the fumble is a further blow to the military's credibility as it faces mounting criticism for its handling of the insurgency in the northeast.
But the girl isn't interested in the Palace of Gaudí.
But the glories of the landscape were all wasted upon my companion, who was sunk in the deepest thought.
But the greatest importance of honey bees to agriculture isn’t a product of the hive at all. It’s their work as crop pollinators.
But the high price of bread led to mass starvation among the common people of France, who resented the rich nobles of the country who had the money needed to eat well and build huge mansions while they had to sleep on the streets.
But the history of this project is filled with two decades of false starts and dashed expectations.
But the invasive European green crab pushes native crabs out of their burrows. Under pressure from the invader, native crabs are eating less marsh grass. Marshes are recovering, and their carbon storage capacity is growing with them.
But the job of a rickshaw puller is not easy.
But the judgment is so: The light has come into the world, but men loved the darkness rather than the light, because their deeds were evil.
But the juniper and bay tree yield berries; the pine, pine cones, the oak acorns and Galls.
But the keeper of the prison delivered them to Joseph, and he served them. Some little time passed, and they were kept in custody.
But the lake's shrinkage is not just a reflection of drier weather and increased water use.
But the latest findings may stimulate research into cures for the parasitic illnesses.
But the latest study by the Pew Internet and American Life Project confirms that for a lot of people, electronic interaction through the computer has replaced a great deal of social interchange.
But the list would be too long should we attempt to enumerate all the birds, great and small, whose home is in Washington.
But the majority died of infectious diseases that flourished in crowded dormitories at Carlisle and hundreds of other boarding schools that operated between 1879 and the 1960s.
But the man had hereditary tendencies of the most diabolical kind. A criminal strain ran in his blood, which, instead of being modified, was increased and rendered infinitely more dangerous by his extraordinary mental powers.
But the man in the mirror did not answer me; he just stared at me and then began to imitate brazenly my arm movements and facial expressions.
But the mayor admits the devil will be in the details — and believes it could be a few more years before the task force suggestions actually become city policy.
But the midwives feared God, and did not do as the king of Egypt had commanded, but saved the men children.
But the more they oppressed them, the more they were multiplied and increased.
But the night is really long, isn't it?
But the numismatist has none of those aids which the geologist derives from the order of superposition, and the mineral characters of the rocks in which his fossils are preserved; and, in the case of uninscribed coins, has nothing but the type and its geographical range on which to found any conclusion, unless, as in some rare instances it happens, the coins are associated with others of more certain date.
But the only answer the prince made was to give the bear a kick, and to drive it out of the room.
But the peasant smiled at him.
But the person in charge is there precisely to take responsibility.
But the poor duckling, who had crept out of his shell last of all, and looked so ugly, was bitten and pushed and made fun of, not only by the ducks, but by all the poultry.
But the possibility seems unlikely.
But the potential is there.
But the present difficulty appeared a graver one than any that had yet risen between them.
But the project's principal investigator, at the materials science center of Trinity College in Dublin, says it can be done by mixing graphite with water and a surfactant, a form of soap, in an ordinary kitchen blender.
But the proposed changes contradicted one another.
But the reason I came baptizing with water was that he might be revealed to Israel.
But the rest whom thou shalt have after them, shall be thine, and shall be called by the name of their brethren in their possessions.
But the results can be fatal.
But the rise in prices is a consequence of that policy.
But the robot made trouble.
But the sad things don't go away. They never do. Why is that so?
But the sailors could not understand the words, they thought it was the voice of the storm.
But the sea came up as usual, and disrespectfully drenched the king’s feet and shins.
But the seat is too big for him.
But the seventh year you shall let it rest and lie fallow, that the poor of your people may eat; and what they leave, the animal of the field shall eat. In the same way you shall deal with your vineyard and with your olive grove.
But the student has an obligation because he's more likely to understand the financial and social phenomenon and global realities; it is his obligation to be a dynamic factor in a process of change, while never losing sight of reality.
But the temple he had spoken of was his body.
But the thing, which at first seemed shadowy, became more and more clear to him; and soon he saw that it was something real.
But the third turned itself to the way of the border, overhanging the valley of Zeboim, opposite the desert.
But the truth about the cat and the pup is this: They ate each other up!
But the universe is infinite.
But the university offers classes in Lakota for both Indian and non-Indian students and Trimble says this helps keep the language alive.
But the water is ice cold!
But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps.
But the work is done.
But the work on the farm was enjoyable.
But the young ones did not listen to their mother, and, playing about the garden one day, they strayed close up to the castle windows.
But their extraordinary prosperity was attended by some equally singular family misfortunes, of which that which befell their eldest daughter was at once unaccountable and melancholy.
But their laughter is a way to socially bond with each other and is based on a primitive reflex similar to tickling.
But their troubles weren't over yet.
But then again, I wouldn't know.
But then do you really want to die here?
But then he fell in love with Jane Wilde, a student studying languages in London.
But then he kept doing it.
But then the dogs were howling pointedly, insistently toward the south.
But then we made up.
But then what is the country called? North Macedonia or just Macedonia?
But then with me the horrid doubt always arises whether the convictions of man's mind, which has been developed from the mind of the lower animals, are of any value or at all trustworthy. Would any one trust in the convictions of a monkey's mind, if there are any convictions in such a mind?
But then, I spent several nights.
But then, again, your face grew sadder; you shook your head. You were dwelling upon the sadness and horror and useless waste of life.
But then, full of guilt, I sat down at my desk one evening.
But there also the herdsmen of Gerara strove against the herdsmen of Isaac, saying: It is our water. Wherefore he called the name of the well, on occasion of that which had happened, Calumny.
But there are always some cheap standing tickets for the finals that you can buy on the day.
But there are other advantages.
But there had been no indications Gorbachev was having any sort of health problems, and it is not exactly clear what's happened to him now.
But there had been no indications Gorbachev was having any sort of health problems, and it is not exactly clear what’s happened to him now.
But there is a problem.
But there is a second possibility.
But there is a small difference.
But there is also sarcasm in the answer.
But there is another side to the story.
But there is no publication extant authenticated with his name.
But there is no question that the Republican Party today is dominated, driven, and intimidated by Donald Trump and the MAGA Republicans, and that is a threat to this country.
But there is still another possibility.
But there really are people who choose friendship over love because they are afraid to lose a friend. They are scared to try because they know that if they try and the relationship fails, then even the friendship will be gone.
But there was no moving Prendergast and those who were with him. Our only chance of safety lay in making a clean job of it, said he, and he would not leave a tongue with power to wag in a witness-box.
But there was no sign of him, and it was in vain that I shouted.
But there was one curious circumstance.
But there were not enough personnel, stationery or cameras to cope with the hastily arranged conference.
But there'll be no more deliveries for Dr. Trietsch. As of January 1, he is no longer doing obstetrics and is focusing instead on gynecology. Dr. Trietsch says it was a difficult decision. It's not that's he's tired of being on call nights, weekends, and holidays. It's that his malpractice insurance premium is tripling, from $28,000 to about $90,000 a year. The cost was simply too much for his practice.
But there's a big difference between forced and voluntary labor.
But there's a problem.
But there's also a nifty tool for making a record of a digital project that can either be kept public or saved privately - or downloaded for offline storage.
But there's nothing else here.
But there's only one pair of chopsticks. What shall we do?
But there's very little time left.
But there’s only one pair of chopsticks. What shall we do?
But these days, the thunder of jackhammers fills the air at the site of a new development, the first of five planned developments across the reservation.
But these jovial sounds fell sadly on the ear of the ruined nobleman.
But these men might be wise in some greater wisdom.
But they answered: The man asked us in order concerning our kindred: if our father lived: if we had a brother: and we answered him regularly, according to what he demanded: could we know that he would say: Bring hither your brother with you?
But they are all people.
But they are still hot.
But they don't know her, do they?
But they don't know him, do they?
But they don't know them, do they?
But they had to let him have his way, otherwise he would probably have become ill again.
But they having loaded their asses with the corn went their way.
But they like the long school holidays.
But they look very green, don't they?
But they look very green, don’t they?
But they made ready the presents, against Joseph came at noon: for they had heard that they should eat bread there.
But they never lose their way.
But they said: Get thee back thither. And again: Thou camest in, said they, as a stranger, was it to be a judge? therefore we will afflict thee more than them. And they pressed very violently upon Lot: and they were even at the point of breaking open the doors.
But they said: It is not so, my lord; but thy servants are come to buy food.
But they said: We thy servants are twelve brethren, the sons of one man in the land of Canaan: the youngest is with our father, the other is not living.
But they still exist!
But they that held darts, provoked him, and quarrelled with him, and envied him.
But they will come here tomorrow.
But they're feeling good.
But things could be looking up for these younger Americans now that the average U.S. millennial is over the age of 30 and poised to enter the wealth-accumulation stage of their life.
But this can't be completely free. There must be some catch!
But this claim is emphatically not the one that Dennett is making.
But this decision failed to content the Methymnaeans, who, in a great fury, seized Daphnis and would have bound him, had not the villagers, irritated at such behaviour, sprung upon them as thick as starlings and rescued the young goatherd, who, on his side, began to fight in his own defence.
But this did not stop him from using his mind and presenting his ideas at physics meetings around the world.
But this exam tested my grammar, which is what I'm most worried about.
But this hermetic community is a rare success story: an indigenous group that has maintained its ancient way of life, spurning modern technology, formal schooling, and state-sanctioned religion, just four hours from Jakarta, the largest city in Southeast Asia.
But this is an issue to which we return later.
But this is an issue to which we will return later.
But this is exactly the case in German, too.
But this is libel!
But this is mine! You borrowed it from me last year and you never returned it.
But this is not always the case.
But this is not going to work with me.
But this is not so because the grammatical structure of planned languages is less significant than that of natural languages; it is so because an established vocabulary implies the settlement of so many questions of structure, i.e., of grammar, that the remaining grammatical features play of necessity a subordinate and dependent role.
But this is not true.
But this is obvious.
But this is public property and the press is entitled to access.
But this is the story of an old man who wants to die.
But this isn't cited.
But this isn't good.
But this list is blank.
But this magnificent appellation was all she gained by her marriage.
But this past Monday, Sri had to revert to working from home when her office decided the risk of workplace infection became too great.
But this report is not correct.
But this stuff of the videos is true?
But this time Bangladesh could have done better.
But this time I know why.
But this time, it feels different.
But those days are long gone.
But those hypotheses are still an object of discussion in the world of science.
But those talks will take place in a far more informal setting, with breaks for a Texas-style dinner of smoked beef and fried catfish, and music from a country and western band.
But those who insist the U.S. did not put astronauts on the moon have claimed their own "evidence" to a faked landing. They question why the flag astronaut Neil Armstrong planted on the moon could not possibly be rippling, because there is no air on the moon. In reality, the astronauts bent the metal frame holding the flag, causing the ripples.
But through the heavy pasturing of that section, together with a series of dry seasons denuding the whole country of such cover as would be necessary for the bird's protection from hawks and vermin, they have become nearly if not quite extinct.
But to Cain and his offerings he had no respect: and Cain was exceeding angry, and his countenance fell.
But to Seth also was born a son, whom he called Enos: this man began to call upon the name of the Lord.
But to his detractors he is not a scientist at all, but a fraud: a statistics professor who they claim makes selective use of statistics to support a right-wing, anti-environment agenda.
But to please his mother — he says he always was a mama’s boy — he picked up the violin at the age of 11. Though he never learned to read music, he played well in the school orchestra, relying on his ear and sense of pitch.
But to sit there swinging his legs—this did not suffice to satisfy his heart, did not enable him to celebrate his instincts; and suddenly from his thicket of forest trees and greening bushes he began to pour forth a thrilling little tide of song, with the native sweetness of some human linnet unaware of its transcendent gift.
But to the girls of Greenacres, that ten acre lot represented a treasure trove in the month of August when huckleberries and blueberries were ripe.
But to what end?
But to-night the elderly servitor was solemn and unloquacious beyond his custom.
But today smoking in public places is forbidden or strictly restricted.
But today, I discovered the truth.
But today, a lot of young people are following her example.
But today, that shadow has been cast over some of our best and brightest young people once again.
But today, the species - which once ranged across Africa, India and Asia, has dwindled to only 10,000 animals worldwide, primarily in 24 African countries.
But today’s hipsters aren’t buying the retailer’s offerings, which industry experts say haven’t changed much in the last 20 years.
But under Japanese parliamentary rules, the vote of the lower house overrides that of the upper house.
But under all her sparkle there was a strongly felt undercurrent of true, womanly sympathy and kind-heartedness which won affection as easily as her brilliancy won admiration. Nor did she monopolize the conversation. She could draw others out as skillfully and fully as she could talk herself.
But undoubtedly there were no scientific advances then.
But unfortunately it's not possible to convey this to the Muslims in Iraq.
But unfortunately, since I did not use French for decades, I lost the ability to speak it.
But unfortunately, this will not happen very soon.
But unfortunately, this will not occur very soon.
But unlike Soviet collectives, corporate farms are highly mechanized and rely on few people.
But unlike Venice, the village houses are built on sticks and dugout canoes are the main form of transportation.
But unlike White-nose syndrome or chytrid disease, in which a single pathogen has wiped out millions of creatures across vast distances, Goldberg does not think a single germ is responsible for all the mussel die-offs.
But very soon, the battle would become fierce.
But very very difficult.
But wait a moment.
But wait! Didn't you do anything else?
But wait! There's more.
But was he sitting next to you on the plane?
But wasn't it expensive?
But we are living in a time where an extremist Supreme Court is hellbent on creating a country where I have fewer rights than my grandparents.
But we call him Tony at home.
But we can't understand him.
But we can’t understand him.
But we carried on without him.
But we do know many things about his character, thanks to letters and notebooks he left behind and other people's stories about him.
But we do know many things about his character, thanks to letters and notebooks he left behind and other people’s stories about him.
But we don't have anything in common at all.
But we don’t have anything in common at all.
But we have three cats.
But we know his intentions are good.
But we know nothing really; for truth lies deep down.
But we know that he has good intentions.
But we like the long school holidays.
But we lose touch sensitivity as we age and it is deadened in some people who have suffered a stroke.
But we need to stop by somewhere first.
But we shall have horrors enough before the night is over; for goodness' sake let us have a quiet pipe and turn our minds for a few hours to something more cheerful.
But we still haven't found the solution.
But we'll definitely manage. No problem.
But we're just on our way home.
But we're saying the same thing.
But we've already decided.
But we've seen it before.
But we’re just on our way home.
But what a pity!
But what a woman says to her desirous lover ought to be written in the wind and the fast-moving water.
But what about reducing pain? Aspirin competes with other medicines for reducing pain and high body temperature. The competition includes acetaminophen, the active substance in products like Tylenol. It also includes ibuprofen, the active substance in products such as Advil. Like ibuprofen, aspirin is an NSAID — a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
But what animal is it?
But what are they doing on the fourth floor?
But what are you doing this weekend?
But what are you insinuating?
But what are you saying? A lute isn't a guitar!
But what are you trying to imply?
But what are you wearing?
But what bad have I done to deserve all this?
But what can be done?
But what did he see in the clear stream below? His own image; no longer a dark, gray bird, ugly and disagreeable to look at, but a graceful and beautiful swan.
But what do I see!
But what do you think I should do?
But what do you think of that new album?
But what do you think, are there really many spies among us?
But what do you want?
But what does all this have to do with Tatoeba?
But what does she think about it?
But what does this have to do with the birds?
But what else did you say?
But what film did you see?
But what has this to do with birds!
But what if he says no?
But what if he understands everything wrong?
But what if she says no?
But what if the most powerful propulsion system in NASA’s toolbox produces less than one pound of thrust while reaching speeds of up to 200,000 mph? What if it costs less, carries more, and uses less fuel?
But what if we get caught?
But what is behind that remarkable call? Certainly, to some degree, all cats are cats, everywhere you look.
But what is it that I am? A thing that thinks. But what is a thing that thinks?
But what is it?
But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint.
But what is on the other side?
But what is she waiting for me to do?
But what is that awful ruckus?
But what kind of problems do you have?
But what movie did you see?
But what should I bring?
But what taxes would I then have to pay for that inheritance?
But what will I get if I give you back your toy?
But what will be tomorrow? The beginning or the end?
But what will you do if he doesn't come?
But what will you do if he doesn’t come?
But what's even the point?
But what's that supposed to be?
But what's that?
But what's the difference?
But whatever, I don't care because it does not affect me.
But when Anchises' ancient home I gain, / my father, he, whom first, with loving care, / I sought and, heedful of my mother, fain / in safety to the neighbouring hills would bear, / disdains Troy's ashes to outlive and wear / his days in banishment.
But when I arrived in China that time, I had a family waiting for me.
But when I tried to turn the shower faucet, this black bubbly liquid came out.
But when Jacob had heard this, his sons being absent, and employed in feeding the cattle, he held his peace till they came back.
But when all is said and done, they have one thing in common.
But when in youthful arms came Priam near, / "Ah, hapless lord!" she cries, "what mad desire / arms thee for battle? Why this sword and spear? / And whither art thou hurrying?"
But when once she had settled in her mind that life was irksome she had no patience with her condition, and longed to do something of real interest and to pass her days in ways hitherto undreamed of by forest nymphs.
But when our fortune and our hopes declined, / the treacherous King the conqueror's cause professed, / and, false to faith, to friendship and to kind, / slew Polydorus, and his wealth possessed. / Curst greed of gold, what crimes thy tyrant power attest!
But when paintings age and start to crack, conservators like Melissa Gardner do some touching up.
But when she saw the goats running about in confusion, and heard Daphnis calling out to her each moment in a louder voice, she quitted her sheep, threw down the pipe, and ran towards Dorcon's pasturage, beseeching him to assist her.
But when she was led to execution, she sent to her father in law, saying: By the man, to whom these things belong, I am with child. See whose ring, and bracelet, and staff this is.
But when the day closed in, and the night put an end to their banquet, it suddenly seemed to them that all the earth was in a blaze; and from the open came a sound of splashing oars, as if a great fleet were approaching.
But when the federal government tried to ‘civilize’ tribal people, this sign language began to die out.
But when the later coming was, and the last conceiving, he did not put them. And those that were lateward became laban's; and they of the first time Jacob's. And the man was enriched exceedingly, and he had many flocks, maid-servants and men-servants, camels and asses.
But when the monkey came back, the tin cup was always empty.
But when the morning's sun brings new day, I know all God's mercies will be renewed.
But when the pharaoh announced his intention to go out into the garden, they did not object.
But when the test results are broken down by subgroup, the differences are dramatic.
But when will it happen to me?
But when will you stop giving space to that scumbag?
But when women with repeated UTIs were given supplemental estrogen through the vaginal canal, he said the hormone restored the integrity of the bladder's cellular lining to that of healthier tissue seen in younger, premenopausal women.
But when you ask, you must believe and not doubt, because the one who doubts is like a wave of the sea, blown and tossed by the wind.
But when you pray, you must believe and not doubt at all.
But when, according to the Christian Trinitarian scheme, one part of God is represented by a dying man, and another part, called the Holy Ghost, by a flying pigeon, it is impossible that belief can attach itself to such wild conceits.
But where are the drugs hidden?
But where are the parents?
But where are the snows of olden days?
But where are the snows of yesteryear?
But where are we?
But where are you going at this hour?
But where do pigeons sleep?
But where do we get those sentences? And how do we translate them?
But where in Catania do I find him?
But where in Catania do I find it?
But where is my tea?
But where is this compass?
But where was he to go, in order to escape the relentless monster that sought to rend him?
But where would he go?
But wherefore do not you a mightier way make war upon this bloody tyrant Time?
But while I am here, do you think you could replace the batteries?
But while many governments say they support a homegrown innovation economy, policy decisions may hamper entrepreneurial growth, according to a report out this week by the Consumer Technology Association (CTA), which puts on the marquee Las Vegas technology show.
But while the county has had success in reducing the dropout rate, it has not succeeded in getting more girls to enrol in school in the first place.
But while the government's anti-corruption campaign has exposed some low-level misdeeds, efforts to expose misconduct within senior levels of the party have been condemned as a threat to social stability.
But while toward cats of his own sex he is fierce and combative, he is just as meek and deferential to his mother as he was in his tender kittenhood.
But while we will never know fully what causes somebody to take the life of another, we do know what makes life worth living. [...] Our time here is limited and it is precious.
But who are you?
But who called for you without knowing you?
But who cares for the carers?
But who is going to believe you've seen the ghost of a grandfather in slippers reading the newspaper by the fireplace?
But who is the author?
But who is the enemy?
But who really invented the stories nobody knows; it is all so long ago, long before reading and writing were invented. The first of the stories actually written down, were written in Egyptian hieroglyphs, or on Babylonian cakes of clay, three or four thousand years before our time.
But who was that bloke who forced his way in here?
But who was that bloke who pushed his way in here?
But who will guard the guards themselves?
But who will take care of the kids?
But who would like to buy such a bad snuff?
But who would want to dance with you?
But who, alas! can love and then be wise?
But whoever does not believe stands condemned already because he has not believed in the name of God's only son.
But whoever does not believe stands condemned already because he has not believed in the name of God’s only son.
But whoever lives by the truth come into the right.
But whomsoever the state appoints, him we should obey.
But why a rendezvous in the garden instead of a visit to the house?
But why am I telling you all this?
But why are you doing that?
But why are you sitting here?
But why can't you love me, Gladys? Is it my appearance, or what?
But why did he do it?
But why did she do it?
But why did they do it?
But why did you do it?
But why didn't you ever say that? It's a puzzle to me.
But why do such stupid people exist?
But why do they do it?
But why do you read it, if it's so uninteresting to you?
But why do you spend money for this nonsense?
But why do you want six copies of the same book?
But why doesn't she shut up?
But why don't you want to go to Geneva?
But why don't you want to go to Genoa?
But why haven't you ever said that? It's a puzzle to me.
But why is French so difficult?
But why is French such a difficult language?
But why is Mark's mother spanking him?
But why is it all so secret?
But why keep me in the dark?
But why should this man pretend to be his own brother?
But why then?
But why this elaborate deception?
But why would I help you?
But why would she do it so shamelessly?
But why?
But will it be a problem?
But will they remember what he promised them?
But wind energy developers, in California and West Virginia, are being sued by environmental groups. A growing number of groups contend that hundreds of thousands of birds and bats are being killed every year by wind turbines, mostly at night when bats and migratory birds fly around mountain ridges where many wind farms are located.
But with all the children of Israel there shall not a dog make the least noise, from man even to beast; that you may know how wonderful a difference the Lord maketh between the Egyptians and Israel.
But with an official camp recently opened specifically to accommodate them, some have chosen to remain in the bleak shelter.
But with corn-based ethanol making up 10 percent of most gasoline in the United States, it is one of several factors pushing up the cost of food, according to Purdue University economist Wally Tyner.
But with falling oil prices, the promotion of thriftier hybrid or all-electric vehicles was somewhat muted, shifting the auto show's focus to connectivity and automatization.
But with hills in Kenya rising as high as 1,600 meters above sea level, cycling the countryside is anything but effortless.
But with me there is a limit, and when I find a man who keeps his cigars in the coal-scuttle, his tobacco in the toe end of a Persian slipper, and his unanswered correspondence transfixed by a jack-knife into the very centre of his wooden mantelpiece, then I begin to give myself virtuous airs.
But with the morning their usual sensations returned.
But with the threat of a coronavirus epidemic, things might not look so sunny for Florida tourism.
But within a day of its construction, the wall was hauled away slab by slab, to the sound of protesters singing the national anthem.
But words are words; I never yet did hear. That the bruised heart was pierced through the ear.
But yes, by the way!
But you almost gave me no choice!
But you aren't going away, are you?
But you aren't going, are you?
But you can't see anything at all!
But you can't show some far off idyllic conception of behavior if you want the kids to come and see the picture. You've got to show what it's really like, and try to reach them on their own grounds.
But you cannot tell where it comes from or where it is going.
But you cannot understand. How could you understand what it is to feel old?
But you didn't even know him!
But you do not cry!
But you do. Please help me.
But you don't eat vegetables!
But you don't have to stay to the end.
But you don't know her, do you?
But you don't know him, do you?
But you don't know them, do you?
But you don't know. Nobody can comprehend what it feels like to be old.
But you don't love him.
But you don't think that about me, do you?
But you don't want to bend the knees too much.
But you don’t have to stay to the end.
But you don’t want to bend the knees too much.
But you gotta do something for me.
But you guys aren't going away, are you?
But you guys aren't going, are you?
But you guys don't know her, do you?
But you guys don't know him, do you?
But you guys don't know them, do you?
But you have kids.
But you have never spoken to me about that!
But you have saved the best till now.
But you have to do something for me.
But you have to wait in line...
But you just had lunch!
But you just work as hard as you can and let the chips fall where they may.
But you know it's all in Japanese.
But you know it's not dangerous.
But you know it’s all in Japanese.
But you know that!
But you know well that this would have negative consequences.
But you know, I have nothing aside from this.
But you know, he had an ulterior motive.
But you know, it would be sad to collect all these sentences, and keep them for ourselves. Because there's so much you can do with them. Which is why Tatoeba is open. Our source code is open. Our data is open.
But you know, it would be sad to collect all these sentences, and keep them for ourselves. Because there’s so much you can do with them. Which is why Tatoeba is open. Our source code is open. Our data is open.
But you know, there's no telling about that other world.
But you know, there’s no telling about that other world.
But you learn a little more every day.
But you like it!
But you neither clean, nor dust, nor run the dishwasher.
But you never spoke to me about that!
But you never told me that.
But you really are sick!
But you see, while other people may not know, in my case, if I just had the time, I'd be buried over my head in things I'd want to do. I don't have the time to not think about things I need or want.
But you seem to like that.
But you will write, won't you?
But you will write, won’t you?
But you're going to owe me one.
But you're not there.
But you're really bad.
But you're weird.
But you've just arrived...
But you've never talked to me.
But you've never told me about this!
But you, Chloe, must save Daphnis and avenge me by destroying them.
But your ex is a psychopath!
But your function isn't Lipschitz continuous!
But your function isn’t Lipschitz continuous!
But your mother is going too.
But your wish is the most original!
But you’re going to owe me one.
But you’re not there.
But you’ve never told me about this!
But, America, I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there.
But, I don't eat even a little bit of meat.
But, I don't understand this very well.
But, I have to take my mother.
But, I'm going steady.
But, I’m going steady.
But, Maitland writes, not all of the news is bad. Over the past ten years, she says, there's been an increase in funding for malaria control efforts, such as the distribution of insecticide-treated bed nets and the widespread introduction of artemisinin combination therapies, the most effective treatments at the moment.
But, Mom, all my friends are doing it.
But, Tom, Esperanto isn't necessarily as artificial as computers are, right?
But, after a fortnight’s useless searching, his enthusiasm ended by slackening and he very soon lost confidence.
But, and yes there is always a but, despite his promises, he failed to deliver on his word.
But, and yes there is always a but, her dedication and hard work went unnoticed by her superiors.
But, and yes there is always a but, her success came at a great personal cost.
But, and yes there is always a but, the company's profits soared while employee morale plummeted.
But, and yes there is always a but, the plan seemed foolproof until unforeseen complications arose.
But, and yes there is always a but, the price of the product increased just when it was most needed.
But, and yes there is always a but, the weather forecast predicted rain for the outdoor event.
But, as usual, there is more than one version of this interesting legend.
But, because he was dressed in the Turkish way, the astronomers did not believe he was telling the truth.
But, but... she's not my mother!
But, can you really do that?
But, coming to the throne, she threw away her modesty and brawled and rioted with very little self-restraint.
But, do you intend to help us?
But, fearing this, the Sire omnipotent / hath buried them in caverns dark and deep, / and o'er them piled huge mountains in a heap, / and set withal a monarch, there to reign, / by compact taught at his command to keep / strict watch, and tighten or relax the rein.
But, from head to foot she was scrupulously clean, and maintained a kind of dislocated tidiness.
But, he didn't keep his promise.
But, he didn’t keep his promise.
But, if by that, morale drops wouldn't that defeat the purpose of the exercise?
But, if by that, morale drops wouldn’t that defeat the purpose of the exercise?
But, in the end, I thought it best to do as I was told.
But, knowing precisely sadness and love and death, and that they are vain images when we observe them from the calm space where we should shut ourselves in, he kept on weeping, and desiring love, and fearing death.
But, more than all the others, Siddhartha was loved by Govinda, his friend, the son of a Brahman.
But, most smokers try to avoid thinking about these things.
But, of course, hindsight is 20-20.
But, oh, Ned, our friendship has been so good and so pleasant! What a pity to spoil it!
But, relaxing on one of the many benches, Public Programs Coordinator Christine Flanagan says newcomers probably won't be aware of the climate sensors hanging from the glass ceiling or the new underground infrastructure.
But, she has never offered much excitement in the bedroom.
But, soft! Methinks I scent the morning air; brief let me be.
But, that thing is said to no one.
But, then again, Latin was already a "dead language" by that time.
But, there is one place chocolate should never be and that's in your dog.
But, there were deep green patches in the growing corn at first, that people looked at awfully.
But, to his credit, he didn't say anything against her.
But, to his credit, he didn’t say anything against her.
But, unfortunately, the game was called off due to rain.
But, unlike other weather data about rainfall and storms — gathered from orbiting satellites — the dazzling, reflective nature of snow makes it hard to measure the depth of a snowpack from space.
But, what do you do there?
But, what happened?
But, whereas thou chargest me with theft, with whomsoever thou shalt find thy gods, let him be slain before our brethren. Search, and if thou find any of thy things with me, take them away. Now when he said this, he knew not that Rachel had stolen the idols.
But... no one translates the sentences I create.
Butler says while the NBA's Most Valuable Player award went to Nikola Jokic of the Denver Nuggets, his pick was Joel Embiid, the league scoring champion this season.
Butt out!
Butter and cheese are made from milk.
Butter enhances the taste of mashed potatoes.
Butter enriches the sauce.
Butter gives cornbread its flavor.
Butter inflames my arthritis.
Butter is a dairy product.
Butter is essential for baking.
Butter is made from cream.
Butter is made from milk.
Butter is soft.
Butter is sold by the pound in the USA.
Butter is sold by the pound.
Butter makes everything better.
Butter makes my knees sore.
Butter melts on hot popcorn.
Butter usually does not melt at room temperature in Wisconsin.
Butter, bread and green cheese; whoever can't say that is not an upright Frisian.
Butter, bread and green cheese; whoever can’t say that is not an upright Frisian.
Buttered toast always falls butter side down because butter is heavier than bread.
Butterflies are beautiful insects that have always symbolised eternity, grace, the fleetingness of life, and change.
Butterflies are beautiful insects that have always symbolized eternity.
Butterflies are beautiful.
Butterflies are fluttering all over the place.
Butterflies are fluttering everywhere.
Butterflies are flying insects.
Butterflies are insects.
Butterflies are just flowers that took flight on a feast day when nature was particularly inventive and fruitful.
Butterflies are pretty.
Butterflies are the most beautiful, complex, fascinating, and mysterious insects that exist on our planet.
Butterflies are very rare in our country.
Butterflies are winged insects.
Butterflies can communicate using ultraviolet signals.
Butterflies fluttered in my stomach.
Butterflies have short life spans.
Butterflies lay eggs.
Butterflies live for three days.
Butterflies of this species are now extinct.
Butterflies undergo a complete transformation during their lifetimes.
Butterflies undergo metamorphosis.
Butterflies were fluttering around us.
Butterflies were fluttering in my stomach.
Butterflies, beetles, flies and grasshoppers are insects.
Butterfly flies from a flower to the next one.
Butterfly is a very nice word.
Butterfly is my favourite animal species.
Butterfly wings are covered with small scales.
Buttermilk is no longer popular in the United States.
Butternut squash is a good source of manganese, potassium, and vitamins A, C, and E.
Button it!
Button up your coat well, it's very cold outside.
Button up your coat.
Button up your overcoat.
Button up your shirt all the way to your neck.
Button up your shirt right and put on a belt! Don't go to the job interview looking like a bum!
Button up your shirt.
Button your coat up.
Button your shirt up.
Button your shirt.
Buttons occur when you press the screen and disappear again after 3 seconds.
But—the cigarette between my fingers—that's different. That wasn't there at the time.
Buy 10 lessons and get $30 for future lessons!
Buy Algerian.
Buy Belarusian!
Buy Tom a beer.
Buy Tom a drink.
Buy a banana.
Buy a beautiful dress!
Buy a better PSU for your computer instead.
Buy a better power supply for your computer instead.
Buy a book and read it.
Buy a cake.
Buy a carton of milk.
Buy a few apples.
Buy a few loaves of bread.
Buy a gun.
Buy a handgun.
Buy a hedgehog and you'll be happy.
Buy a hedgehog and you’ll be happy.
Buy a honey-baked ham.
Buy a liter of milk, and if there are eggs, buy a dozen eggs.
Buy a nice dress!
Buy a notebook and write everything down.
Buy a potato, too.
Buy a rake while the stores are open.
Buy a salt pretzel to go with your beer.
Buy a self-help book for relationship issues.
Buy a toothbrush.
Buy a toy for your child.
Buy all the horses.
Buy an adapter online.
Buy an apple.
Buy any dress you like.
Buy as much as you like.
Buy as much food as you can.
Buy canned fish at the store.
Buy cheap and waste your money.
Buy eggs at the store on your way home.
Buy five lemons and get one more for free.
Buy flowers for your wife.
Buy four big potatoes for me.
Buy her a drink.
Buy him a beer.
Buy him a drink.
Buy it for me, please.
Buy it from the shop which sells it cheapest.
Buy it if you like it.
Buy it where you can.
Buy it wherever you can.
Buy it!
Buy it, it's very cheap.
Buy it, it’s very cheap.
Buy it.
Buy land. I hear they aren't making it anymore.
Buy land. I hear they aren’t making it anymore.
Buy land. They ain't making any more of the stuff.
Buy land. They ain’t making any more of the stuff.
Buy low and sell high.
Buy low, sell high.
Buy me Discord Nitro or we're breaking up.
Buy me a Kabyle dress.
Buy me a bicycle.
Buy me a bike.
Buy me a box of chocolates and I'll be content.
Buy me a budge.
Buy me a camera.
Buy me a canary.
Buy me a car.
Buy me a cat.
Buy me a coffee.
Buy me a computer.
Buy me a cup of coffee and I might forgive you.
Buy me a diamond necklace.
Buy me a dictionary.
Buy me a dog.
Buy me a drink.
Buy me a fish.
Buy me a goldfish.
Buy me a guitar.
Buy me a hamster.
Buy me a house.
Buy me a keychain as a souvenir.
Buy me a laptop.
Buy me a package of absorbent cotton.
Buy me a parrot.
Buy me a pet.
Buy me a phone.
Buy me a puppy.
Buy me a red one.
Buy me a ring.
Buy me a smartphone.
Buy me a snack.
Buy me a suit.
Buy me a tie.
Buy me a towel on the way.
Buy me a turtle, Mom, please buy me a turtle!
Buy me a watch.
Buy me an apartment.
Buy me an aquarium.
Buy me another beer and I'll think about it.
Buy me another beer and I'll think on it.
Buy me dinner.
Buy me one as well!
Buy me one!
Buy me one.
Buy me some candy.
Buy me some chocolate.
Buy me some flowers.
Buy me some sweets.
Buy me something sweet when you go to the store.
Buy me something to drink.
Buy me the book.
Buy me the red one.
Buy me this book.
Buy milk on your way home.
Buy not what you need, but what you can't help buying.
Buy now, pay later.
Buy now; next year it'll be more expensive.
Buy oil.
Buy one for me.
Buy one now and get a free gift.
Buy one pair of glasses, get the second pair for free.
Buy one pair of shoes and get another pair for free.
Buy one, get one free.
Buy only the products that you really need and produce as little trash as possible, recycling what you don't need.
Buy or die!
Buy our newspaper and win a trip to Khmelnytsky!
Buy our product.
Buy six meters of that cloth.
Buy six metres of that cloth.
Buy six metres of that fabric.
Buy six metres of that material.
Buy some apples.
Buy some bear spray.
Buy some bread, some ham, and a bottle of wine too.
Buy some bread.
Buy some cat food.
Buy some condoms.
Buy some fruit.
Buy some good shoes because we will be walking a lot on this hike.
Buy some honey.
Buy some milk on your way home.
Buy some more fruit.
Buy some potatoes, too.
Buy some tofu on your way home.
Buy some toothpaste.
Buy some toys.
Buy some water jugs when you're in the store.
Buy something to eat.
Buy ten pounds of gas.
Buy the best one that you can afford to buy.
Buy the best one you can afford to buy.
Buy the book.
Buy the dress you want.
Buy the full version.
Buy them a bottle of wine.
Buy this and that. Do this and do that. So this is what being a man and getting the woman of your life is.
Buy this book for me!
Buy this book for me.
Buy this book.
Buy this limited edition designer deckchair!
Buy those abroad.
Buy three big onions if you can.
Buy tofu on your way home.
Buy two bottles of oil when you go to the supermarket.
Buy two bottles of olive oil and get one free.
Buy two bottles of olive oil when you go to the grocery store.
Buy two bottles of olive oil when you go to the supermarket.
Buy two boxes of eggs.
Buy two containers of milk. We're going to make a cake.
Buy two kilos of meat.
Buy two pizzas and get a free soft drink.
Buy two, get one free.
Buy undervalued and unloved assets.
Buy us it.
Buy what you need.
Buy whatever you need.
Buy whatever you want.
Buy your tickets early.
Buy yourself a decent suit.
Buy yourself a new hat.
Buy yourself something to eat.
Buy yourselves something to eat.
Buy!
Buyers often have no idea what they're buying.
Buying a car is a liability.
Buying a house can be said to be the biggest purchase of your life.
Buying a house has stopped being a good investment.
Buying a new TV won't make you happy.
Buying a new house has become hard to do.
Buying an apartment in Moscow is a big expense.
Buying an apartment is both exciting and scary.
Buying an item gives you a promotional gift.
Buying an item gives you a promotional offer.
Buying and consuming cannabis is prohibited by law in many countries.
Buying another computer is out of the question.
Buying books is expensive.
Buying books would be a good thing if one could also buy the time to read them in: but as a rule the purchase of books is mistaken for the appropriation of their contents.
Buying cheap can cost you a lot of money.
Buying concert tickets in advance is usually cheaper than buying them at the door.
Buying costs less than asking.
Buying domains on the web has never been easier.
Buying from locally owned and locally operated stores and companies helps improve the economy where you live.
Buying groceries is an art form.
Buying jewelry for Valentines Day gifts is difficult.
Buying lottery tickets isn't considered a good way to invest your money.
Buying new equipment isn't going to solve your problems.
Buying pirated copies is illegal.
Buying something isn't the same as inventing it.
Buying such an expensive car is out of the question.
Buying that for Tom was a mistake.
Buying that for Tom was the right thing to do.
Buying that would be a waste of money.
Buying things doesn't make me happy.
Buying things that you often use in bulk can help you save money.
Buying this dictionary was the best investment I've ever made.
Buying this painting was the smartest thing you've ever done.
Buzz off!
Buzz off.
Buzzards are birds of prey.
Buzzing Magnets make a funny noise.
Bvalltu and I, in company with the increasing band of our fellow explorers, visited many worlds of many strange kinds. In some we spent only a few weeks of the local time; in others we remained for centuries, or skimmed from point to point of history as our interest dictated. Like a swarm of locusts we would descend upon a new-found world, each of us singling out a suitable host. After a period of observation, long or short, we would leave, to alight again, perhaps, on the same world in another of its ages; or to distribute our company among many worlds, far apart in time and in space.
Bvalltu was partly responsible for my long spell on the Other Earth. He would not hear of my leaving till we had each attained a real understanding of the other's world. I constantly stimulated his imagination to picture as clearly as possible the life of my own planet, and he had discovered in it much the same medley of the splendid and the ironical as I had discovered in his. In fact he was far from agreeing with me that his world was on the whole the more grotesque.
By "aliens," I am not referring to Asia.
By "here" I meant Australia.
By "nationalism" I mean first of all the habit of assuming that human beings can be classified like insects and that whole blocks of millions or tens of millions of people can be confidently labelled "good" or "bad." But secondly — and this is much more important — I mean the habit of identifying oneself with a single nation or other unit, placing it beyond good and evil and recognizing no other duty than that of advancing its interests.
By "revolutionary Marxist," do you mean Marxist-Leninist?
By 'Torii' you mean that red objet d'art at the top of the steps?
By 1300 the Puebloan people throughout the Four Corners region had departed, emigrating primarily to central Arizona and the Rio Grande valley in New Mexico.
By 1840, there were 3,000 miles of canals in the United States. But, within 20 years, the rise of the railroads would make canals practically obsolete.
By 1845, Le Verrier had become interested in the motion of the planet Uranus. Uranus did not have the orbit scientists expected it to have based on their mathematical calculations.
By 1897, thousands of people were out of work.
By 1949 Einstein was in failing health. His health was so bad that when offered the presidency of Israel in 1952 he had to decline it.
By 1969 the debate over virtual memory for commercial computers was over. An IBM research team led by David Sayre showed that their virtual memory overlay system consistently worked better than the best manually controlled systems.
By 1983, four sets of sextuplets were known to have survived infancy.
By 2 p.m. Tom is, as a rule, as pissed as a fart.
By 2013, the economy had contracted 26%, compared with the pre-crisis level of 2007.
By 2014, the Indian government had declared Tamil, Sanskrit, Kannada, Telugu, Malayalam, and Odia as classical languages of India.
By 2025, Indonesia is expected to generate 150 thousand tons of trash per day.
By 2030 twenty-one percent of its population will be over sixty-five.
By 2030, 95% of women between the ages of 18 and 30 will have or have had an OnlyFans account.
By 2030, twenty-one percent of its population will be over sixty-five.
By 2030, we'll likely be living in a world where artificial assistants help us with almost every task, not unlike the way email tries to finish spelling a word for users today.
By 2030, we'll likely be living in a world where artificial assistants help us with almost every task.
By 2050 almost every second born will be at least mildly handicapped.
By 2100, a base on the moon became firmly established, whilst the economy on Terra improved.
By 7:00 she will have eaten dinner.
By April 1970, man had already landed on the moon and the public's interest in the space program began to wane.
By George, he exclaimed with a gesture of surprise, I think that they're all crazy!
By God!
By God, Algeria's enemies will never defeat us!
By God, I never knew that.
By God, I never tell a lie.
By God, I'll finish this homework.
By God, I’ll finish this homework.
By God, this is all mighty embarrassing.
By Jove!
By Jove! I forgot my wallet!
By Jove, I'll show him!
By May they had Madrid, the Spanish capital.
By September I will have known her for a whole year.
By September the burst in spending seemed to be tapering off.
By a clear, sparkling stream he washed, wincing slightly from the shock of the too-cold water against his face.
By a daring, but treacherous stratagem, Pizarro got possession of the king, who had come by invitation on a friendly visit.
By a hair he wasn't excluded from the electoral race.
By a hundred.
By a lie a man throws away and, as it were, annihilates his dignity as a man.
By a microscope, the bug will be seen to have eight legs, two feelers, and an abdomen something egg-shaped; colour livid red; and in size no bigger than the point of a small needle. They lacerate the epidermis in some way or other, as a small hole is observable where they have been seated; and cause extreme itching and considerable inflammation of the part.
By a rain cloud, the sun against it, appears a rainbow.
By a stroke of luck I found my keys in the rubbish bin.
By a total fluke the ball sailed under the bar, and the crowd exploded.
By accompanying the boys in their rambles he learned his way about the neighbourhood, and was in a short time perfectly acquainted with all the lanes, woods, and fields within a radius of two or three miles.
By age 14, Sikivie knew he wanted to be a musician.
By agreeing to integrate the "Tamazight language" into its educational system, the perfidious and calculating Algerian state wants to annihilate the Kabyle language by creating a diglossia which will in turn create serious learning problems and cross-comprehension issues. Because this "Tamazight language" is full of neologisms, in addition to being an absurd mixture of several Berber languages, that often have no meaning and has no connection with the sociolinguistic reality for all Berbers. In the end, they all lose out.
By air mail, please.
By all accounts, Fr. Mulligan was a paragon of virtue.
By all accounts, Tom does that.
By all accounts, he is not a man to be trusted.
By all accounts, it appears I will die.
By all accounts, it is truth.
By all accounts, it's the truth.
By all means come.
By all means consider yourself invited.
By all means maintain an open mind, but not so open that your brain falls out.
By all means stop in to see us.
By all means this guy should work for us - he is the best specialist I have ever seen!
By all means, be my guest.
By all means, go ahead.
By all means, let's be careful.
By all means, try to convince him.
By all means, you must come.
By all means.
By all means. Go ahead.
By an inconceivable contradiction, he did not forgive the young girl for having followed his orders.
By and by Mt. Fuji came into sight.
By and by he forgot that affair.
By and by it will become colder again.
By and by the moon appeared on the horizon.
By and by the party ended and everyone went home.
By and by you will forget the painful experience.
By and by, the bitter north wind began to blow.
By and by, the bitter north wind will begin to blow.
By and large his experiment was successful despite his lack of money.
By and large, Tom is an easygoing person in almost everything he does.
By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth.
By and large, reporters don't hesitate to intrude on one's privacy.
By and large, reporters don’t hesitate to intrude on one’s privacy.
By and large, she is a very reliable person.
By and large, this school is one of the best.
By and large, women can bear pain better than men.
By and large, your idea is a good one.
By any chance would you have a pen I could borrow?
By any chance, do you know Tom Jackson?
By any chance, do you still have last Saturday's newspaper?
By any measure, the president's first days in office have been a whirlwind featuring numerous executive orders on trade, healthcare, cutting government regulations and, most controversially, tightening immigration.
By architectural symmetry, Emmet means geometric symmetry combined with aesthetic uniformity.
By asking this question he unknowingly opened Pandora's box.
By asking, you find the city.
By asking, you get to the city.
By averaging the squared difference between each value and the mean and finding the square root of the result, we can find the standard deviation.
By barking loudly, the dogs let the predator know that they’re there protecting the flock, and since the predator doesn’t want to get hurt, they will then avoid those flocks where the dogs are, she says.
By beating Layla savagely, Sami wanted to send a message to his other sisters: disobey me, and this is what will happen to you.
By being with wise men you will yourself become wise.
By bicycle I could have reached your home in twenty minutes.
By birth she was a Londoner.
By burning copies of the Quran, these far-right extremists undermine the values of peaceful coexistence and interfaith harmony.
By burying their dung balls, dung beetles bring dung into close contact with plant roots.
By car!
By car, it takes 2 hours to get to my uncle's house.
By cataloging millions of galaxies, scientists hope to unlock the secrets of how the universe has evolved.
By catching so many fish, Tom incurred the displeasure of the sea king, who dispatched a huge whale to deal with him.
By chance I met my ex-girlfriend in Portugal.
By chance he saw a rare butterfly.
By chance in Persian, mahi means "fish", but the word mahi-mahi is Hawaiian.
By chance we found ourselves in this restaurant.
By chance we saw him as he came out of the shop.
By chance we saw him coming out of the shop.
By chance, I found a hot spring.
By chance, I had no money on me.
By chance, I met her in the street.
By chance, I met my professor at a restaurant last night.
By chance, I met your brother on the street.
By chance, I ran into an old friend in Tokyo.
By chance, they heard some suspicious activity in the thicket which indicated that a bear also smelled their food.
By chance, trivial memories are vividly recalled.
By changing the past, he changed the present.
By channel, do you mean a television channel or a YouTube channel?
By coincidence, these two are still being serviced.
By collaborating with neighboring countries and international organizations, Algeria has fostered a global dialogue on desertification, sharing knowledge and best practices to amplify impact and ensure sustainable development for all.
By combining observations from MMS with new 3-D computer simulations, scientists have been able to investigate the small-scale physics of what’s happening at our magnetosphere’s borders for the first time.
By comparing translations, I learn languages.
By confronting him directly, you can assert your boundaries and ensure your voice is heard.
By confronting him directly, you can express your feelings and seek clarification on the matter.
By contrast, the number of renters between the ages of 35 and 59 grew just 17 percent during the same time period, and the number of renters under the age of 34 increased 7 percent, according to apartment search website RENTCafe, which conducted the analysis focusing on cities with populations of at least 100,000.
By cooperating, we are capable of everything.
By cozenage almost incredible, Benjamin, at the age of eighteen, had been thus lured off to London; the London of Addison, Pope and Sir Isaac Newton.
By creating the financial mortgaging system that Americans still use today, the FHA made home buying more accessible for millions of people.
By crowd-sourcing mosquito information from across the world, the app will build maps of where dangerous mosquitoes are found.
By day, Fadil runs a carpet cleaning business. By night, he's a professional gambler.
By day, I work. By night, I play and sleep.
By daybreak the storm was over.
By daybreak we should be halfway through the mountains.
By daybreak, the storm was over.
By deactivating certain genes, scientists were able to grow chicken embryos with dinosaur snouts instead of beaks.
By deciding to get married, a man may be getting his last chance to do something on his own.
By default, the server logs which URLs were accessed, the associated error code and the time it took for the server to respond.
By definition the fact it’s depression means it’ll be an acquittal.
By definition, an acute angle is less than 90 degrees.
By degrees the friendship between him and her grew into love.
By degrees their friendship grew into love.
By demolishing buildings of bygone times, we wipe out every trace of the past forever.
By descent I'm a Jew, by nationality I'm Swiss, and in my thinking I'm a human being and only a human being, without any special inclination to any state or national structure.
By determining the time between the emission of the sound pulse and its reception, the sonar transducer can determine the range and orientation of the object.
By digitizing your photo collection, you can preserve thousands of photos on a tiny flash drive.
By dint of hard work he succeeded at last.
