Do you think he is the guy that broke the window?
Do you think he knows I like him?
Do you think he likes me?
Do you think he made that mistake on purpose?
Do you think he might be having an affair?
Do you think he resembles his father?
Do you think he still cares about me?
Do you think he still keeps my letters?
Do you think he still looks at my pictures?
Do you think he still loves me?
Do you think he still loves my letters?
Do you think he still reads my messages?
Do you think he still remembers me?
Do you think he still thinks about me?
Do you think he still wants me to stay with him?
Do you think he still wants to live with me?
Do you think he still wants to marry me?
Do you think he still wants to see me?
Do you think he was ever loved by his mother?
Do you think he was killed?
Do you think he was only making believe that he was sick?
Do you think he was telling the truth?
Do you think he will agree to come with us?
Do you think he will be elected president again?
Do you think he will do anything else?
Do you think he will like it?
Do you think he will like my gift?
Do you think he will like that?
Do you think he will really give up?
Do you think he will speak?
Do you think he would accept my invitation?
Do you think he would forgive me?
Do you think he'd go out with me?
Do you think he'll agree?
Do you think he'll forgive me?
Do you think he'll leave her for you?
Do you think he'll like it?
Do you think he's cute?
Do you think he's handsome?
Do you think he's in trouble?
Do you think he's innocent?
Do you think he's pretty?
Do you think he's really into me?
Do you think he's really sorry?
Do you think he's sensible?
Do you think he's the culprit?
Do you think her attractive?
Do you think her story is false?
Do you think he’s sensible?
Do you think his silence denotes guilt?
Do you think hobbies are important?
Do you think in French?
Do you think in German?
Do you think in Klingon or Spanish?
Do you think it a bad thing?
Do you think it changes anything?
Do you think it could actually make a difference?
Do you think it could be the same Tom Jackson?
Do you think it could have been done better?
Do you think it could've been done better?
Do you think it dangerous that I swim across the river?
Do you think it difficult to speak Kadazan?
Do you think it gives me pleasure to not have time to look after my children?
Do you think it gives me pleasure to see you destroy your health?
Do you think it gives me pleasure to see you do that?
Do you think it had something to do with Tom?
Do you think it helped?
Do you think it impossible for the sky to turn charcoal black?
Do you think it impossible to finish the task before five?
Do you think it is advisable to take 'European Literature I' and 'World History II' in the same semester?
Do you think it is difficult to finish reading this book in a week?
Do you think it is easy to deceive children?
Do you think it is still repairable?
Do you think it is too fast?
Do you think it likely?
Do you think it looks good on me?
Do you think it makes a difference?
Do you think it makes sense to make a vocabulary textbook?
Do you think it means something?
Do you think it might cause sickness?
Do you think it might hurt you?
Do you think it might not have been an accident?
Do you think it might've been Tom who killed my dog?
Do you think it really matters?
Do you think it should be legal for citizens to possess a gun?
Do you think it strange that I should live alone?
Do you think it was Tom who did that?
Do you think it was Tom who stole the money?
Do you think it was Tom?
Do you think it was a racially motivated attack?
Do you think it was an accident?
Do you think it was easy for me?
Do you think it was her?
Do you think it was intended for Tom?
Do you think it was my fault?
Do you think it will be fine tomorrow?
Do you think it will be nice out tomorrow?
Do you think it will fit here?
Do you think it will fit?
Do you think it will last long?
Do you think it will rain this weekend?
Do you think it will take long by bus?
Do you think it will work?
Do you think it won't happen again?
Do you think it works?
Do you think it would actually make a difference?
Do you think it would be OK to do that?
Do you think it would be all right to do that?
Do you think it would be better to write Tom a letter?
Do you think it would be dangerous to do that?
Do you think it would be fun to do that?
Do you think it would be good to do that?
Do you think it would be helpful?
Do you think it would be possible for Tom to do that?
Do you think it would be possible for us to do that?
Do you think it would be possible for you to convince Tom to do that for me?
Do you think it would be possible for you to convince Tom to do that?
Do you think it would be possible for you to convince Tom to stop doing that?
Do you think it would be possible to change your schedule?
Do you think it would be possible to do that?
Do you think it would be possible to get that done today?
Do you think it would be safe to do that?
Do you think it would help?
Do you think it would make sense to do that?
Do you think it'd be fun to do that?
Do you think it'd be possible to do that today?
Do you think it'll be a nice day?
Do you think it'll be cold tomorrow?
Do you think it'll be cold tonight?
Do you think it'll be colder tomorrow?
Do you think it'll be difficult for Tom to do that?
Do you think it'll be difficult for me to do that?
Do you think it'll be difficult for you to do that?
Do you think it'll be difficult to do that?
Do you think it'll be difficult to finish reading this book in a week?
Do you think it'll be easy for Tom to do that?
Do you think it'll be easy for me to do that?
Do you think it'll be easy for you to do that?
Do you think it'll be easy to do that?
Do you think it'll be easy to find a job in Australia?
Do you think it'll be easy to find a job in Boston?
Do you think it'll be easy to find the kind of job you want?
Do you think it'll be fine tomorrow?
Do you think it'll be foggy tomorrow?
Do you think it'll be hard for Tom to do that?
Do you think it'll be hard for me to do that?
Do you think it'll be hard for you to do that?
Do you think it'll be hard to do that?
Do you think it'll be hot tomorrow?
Do you think it'll be humid tomorrow?
Do you think it'll be impossible to finish this by five o'clock?
Do you think it'll be muggy tomorrow?
Do you think it'll be nice weather tomorrow?
Do you think it'll be possible for us to do this without Tom's help?
Do you think it'll be possible for you come over and help us this weekend?
Do you think it'll be raining again tomorrow?
Do you think it'll be raining tomorrow?
Do you think it'll be snowing tomorrow?
Do you think it'll be that easy?
Do you think it'll change anything?
Do you think it'll fit here?
Do you think it'll fit?
Do you think it'll freeze tonight?
Do you think it'll last long?
Do you think it'll make a difference?
Do you think it'll rain at the weekend?
Do you think it'll rain this afternoon?
Do you think it'll rain this weekend?
Do you think it'll rain today?
Do you think it'll rain tomorrow?
Do you think it'll rain tonight?
Do you think it'll rain?
Do you think it'll snow tomorrow?
Do you think it'll snow tonight?
Do you think it'll snow?
Do you think it'll stay that way?
Do you think it'll stop raining soon?
Do you think it'll take a long time?
Do you think it'll work?
Do you think it's OK to do that?
Do you think it's OK to drink this?
Do you think it's OK to eat this?
Do you think it's OK to leave early?
Do you think it's OK to tell Tom about what we did?
Do you think it's OK to tell Tom?
Do you think it's a bad thing?
Do you think it's a fair law?
Do you think it's a fair proposition?
Do you think it's a good deal?
Do you think it's a good idea to feed your dog table scraps?
Do you think it's a good idea?
Do you think it's a joke?
Do you think it's a problem?
Do you think it's a sign?
Do you think it's a strong case?
Do you think it's a trap?
Do you think it's a waste of time to learn Esperanto?
Do you think it's a winning case?
Do you think it's all right to do that?
Do you think it's appropriate to talk like that?
Do you think it's appropriate?
Do you think it's bad?
Do you think it's boring here?
Do you think it's cool to just ignore me like that? It's incredibly disrespectful.
Do you think it's cooled down enough?
Do you think it's dangerous for me to swim across the river?
Do you think it's dangerous to do that?
Do you think it's dangerous to eat genetically modified food?
Do you think it's difficult to speak French?
Do you think it's easier to be a single mother or a single father?
Do you think it's easy to find a job in Germany?
Do you think it's easy?
Do you think it's fair to judge people by the company they keep?
Do you think it's fair?
Do you think it's fun to do that?
Do you think it's funny?
Do you think it's going to be easy to do that?
Do you think it's going to rain at the weekend?
Do you think it's going to rain later?
Do you think it's going to rain this afternoon?
Do you think it's going to rain this weekend?
Do you think it's going to rain today?
Do you think it's going to rain tomorrow?
Do you think it's going to snow tomorrow?
Do you think it's going to snow tonight?
Do you think it's going to snow?
Do you think it's going to work?
Do you think it's gonna make you feel better?
Do you think it's good or bad to wake up a minute before your alarm clock goes off?
Do you think it's hard to give orders?
Do you think it's important which university you went to?
Do you think it's important?
Do you think it's impossible to finish this by five o'clock?
Do you think it's just a coincidence?
Do you think it's likely to rain tomorrow?
Do you think it's malicious intent?
Do you think it's more than coincidence?
Do you think it's my fault?
Do you think it's necessary to do that?
Do you think it's normal to come home every evening at 9 o'clock?
Do you think it's normal to spend one's life working?
Do you think it's normal to talk like that?
Do you think it's okay to leave that job to Tom? I have a bad feeling about it.
Do you think it's possible for me to ever sound like a native speaker?
Do you think it's possible that I may be cracking up?
Do you think it's possible that Tom is right?
Do you think it's possible that'll happen?
Do you think it's possible to do that?
Do you think it's possible to pass all the exams?
Do you think it's possible?
Do you think it's really important?
Do you think it's reliable?
Do you think it's right?
Do you think it's safe for me to go outside now?
Do you think it's safe to cross this bridge?
Do you think it's safe to do that?
Do you think it's safe to drink this water?
Do you think it's safe to go in there?
Do you think it's safe to go into this cave?
Do you think it's safe to stay here?
Do you think it's safe to walk home after dark?
Do you think it's safe?
Do you think it's still repairable?
Do you think it's stupid?
Do you think it's time to replace it?
Do you think it's true that dragons can breathe fire or is it just a myth?
Do you think it's true?
Do you think it's trustworthy?
Do you think it's wise to wash your tablets down with beer?
Do you think it's wise to wear your uniform today?
Do you think it's worth something?
Do you think it's worth the effort?
Do you think it's worthwhile? I don't think so.
Do you think it’ll be difficult to finish reading this book in a week?
Do you think it’ll work?
Do you think it’s a good idea to feed your dog table scraps?
Do you think it’s dangerous to eat genetically modified food?
Do you think it’s my fault?
Do you think it’s possible for me to ever sound like a native speaker?
Do you think it’s still possible?
Do you think it’s too late to change?
Do you think it’s wise to wear your uniform today?
Do you think it’s worthwhile? I don’t think so.
Do you think language is closely tied to personality?
Do you think leaving this kind of message is funny?
Do you think life has a greater meaning?
Do you think long distance relationships can work?
Do you think love can happen instantly?
Do you think loyalty can be taught?
Do you think loyalty can withstand anything?
Do you think loyalty is the key to lasting love?
Do you think making a vocab textbook makes sense?
Do you think mankind will someday colonize the Moon?
Do you think maybe Tom and Mary planned all this?
Do you think maybe Tom didn't know about what Mary was planning to do?
Do you think maybe Tom planned all this?
Do you think maybe Tom was right?
Do you think me capable of such baseness?
Do you think men and women can ever just be friends?
Do you think men talk about women more than women talk about men?
Do you think miniskirts will come back again?
Do you think money can buy happiness?
Do you think money really matters to me?
Do you think money will bring you happiness?
Do you think money will buy her happiness?
Do you think monkeys are cute?
Do you think most women prefer men with beards?
Do you think my French is good?
Do you think my French sounds good?
Do you think my cat and your pet rat will get along well together?
Do you think my job is easy?
Do you think my way of teaching is wrong?
Do you think obesity is a disease?
Do you think of how embarrassing it would be for Tom?
Do you think of me as a cool guy?
Do you think of yourself as hardworking?
Do you think of yourself as outgoing?
Do you think of yourself as shy?
Do you think of yourself as talkative?
Do you think often about the future?
Do you think one person can change the world?
Do you think other countries will follow the Algerian model?
Do you think our climate has an influence on our character?
Do you think our fears are warranted?
Do you think our team will win?
Do you think parents should punish their children when they lie?
Do you think participation in the community enhances your study?
Do you think people are mean to you?
Do you think people are ready for true democracy?
Do you think people drink more in a recession?
Do you think people from the West Coast speak with incomplete grammar?
Do you think people have free will?
Do you think people still do that?
Do you think people will make fun of me?
Do you think plants feel pain?
Do you think prenuptial agreements are a good idea?
Do you think reading this book is worth the effort?
Do you think real neurotics really go and call themselves such?
Do you think reasoning with him would do some good?
Do you think scorpions are edible?
Do you think she can handle her staff?
Do you think she can keep the staff together?
Do you think she did it?
Do you think she has a chance of winning?
Do you think she has nothing to do with the affair?
Do you think she hates me?
Do you think she is dead?
Do you think she knows I like her?
Do you think she likes me?
Do you think she still cares about me?
Do you think she still keeps my letters?
Do you think she still looks at my pictures?
Do you think she still loves me?
Do you think she still loves my letters?
Do you think she still reads my messages?
Do you think she still remembers me?
Do you think she still thinks about me?
Do you think she still wants me to stay with her?
Do you think she still wants to live with me?
Do you think she still wants to marry me?
Do you think she still wants to see me?
Do you think she will like it?
Do you think she will like my gift?
Do you think she will like that?
Do you think she will reach the top of the mountain?
Do you think she would accept my invitation?
Do you think she would forgive me?
Do you think she'd do something like that?
Do you think she'd go out with me?
Do you think she'll agree?
Do you think she'll like it?
Do you think she'll still take me for a lap around the racetrack?
Do you think she's attractive?
Do you think she's cute?
Do you think she's in trouble?
Do you think she's innocent?
Do you think she's pretty?
Do you think she's really sorry?
Do you think she’s attractive?
Do you think so, too?
Do you think so?
Do you think some of us will live on Mars in 100 years?
Do you think something happened to Tom?
Do you think something like that will repeat itself?
Do you think something went wrong?
Do you think something will happen soon?
Do you think something will happen?
Do you think something's happened to Tom?
Do you think sports can provide us a better quality of life?
Do you think students are given enough time to eat lunch?
Do you think such a thing is possible?
Do you think swinging on a swing is good exercise?
Do you think television does children harm?
Do you think that Algeria has become stuck in the middle-income trap?
Do you think that Earth is a beautiful planet?
Do you think that English sounds more masculine than Tagalog? English often sounds more nervous.
Do you think that I am not capable of punching you?
Do you think that I can do it?
Do you think that I can do that?
Do you think that I can get my money back?
Do you think that I could actually do that?
Do you think that I could ask Tom to do that again?
Do you think that I don't know how to speak French?
Do you think that I don't know what I'm doing?
Do you think that I don't know what that is?
Do you think that I don't know what you did?
Do you think that I don't know what's happening?
Do you think that I don't want to do that?
Do you think that I ever could forget?
Do you think that I had something to do with that?
Do you think that I have a chance of winning?
Do you think that I have a chance to get that job?
Do you think that I have a chance?
Do you think that I have no enemies?
Do you think that I know nothing?
Do you think that I like it more than you do?
Do you think that I look OK?
Do you think that I look like Tom?
Do you think that I need to get help?
Do you think that I should actually do that?
Do you think that I should be worried?
Do you think that I should do that today?
Do you think that I should do that?
Do you think that I should get a tattoo?
Do you think that I should go talk to Tom?
Do you think that I should go talk to her?
Do you think that I should go to Australia with Tom?
Do you think that I should go to Australia?
Do you think that I should learn French?
Do you think that I should reply to Tom's letter?
Do you think that I should start to wear coloured contact lenses?
Do you think that I should study French?
Do you think that I should tell Tom what you just told me?
Do you think that I sound fluent in French?
Do you think that I talk too much?
Do you think that I'm a dictator?
Do you think that I'm beautiful?
Do you think that I'm cute?
Do you think that I'm doing the right thing?
Do you think that I'm fat?
Do you think that I'm funny?
Do you think that I'm good-looking?
Do you think that I'm handsome?
Do you think that I'm insane?
Do you think that I'm not trying my best?
Do you think that I'm not trying my hardest?
Do you think that I'm not trying?
Do you think that I'm over-reacting?
Do you think that I'm right?
Do you think that I'm sad?
Do you think that I'm scary?
Do you think that I'm sexy?
Do you think that I'm strange?
Do you think that I'm to blame?
Do you think that I'm too fat?
Do you think that I'm too tall?
Do you think that I'm weird?
Do you think that I'm witty?
Do you think that Karius blew the match for Liverpool?
Do you think that Latin American Spanish is impure compared to Castillan Spanish?
Do you think that Mary can take care of herself?
Do you think that Mary is going to be there?
Do you think that Mary is prettier than me?
Do you think that Mary likes you?
Do you think that Mary will have any sense of shame in admitting it?
Do you think that Mary would go out with me?
Do you think that Spermophilus predators have night vision?
Do you think that Steve Jobs would have been as successful as he has been if his last name were "Joobs" instead?
Do you think that Tom and I are blind?
Do you think that Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Do you think that Tom and Mary are going to get back together?
Do you think that Tom and Mary are happy?
Do you think that Tom and Mary are satisfied?
Do you think that Tom and Mary are still angry?
Do you think that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
Do you think that Tom and Mary have both lost weight?
Do you think that Tom and Mary have to do that?
Do you think that Tom and Mary were bored?
Do you think that Tom and Mary were drunk?
Do you think that Tom and Mary were nervous?
Do you think that Tom and Mary were satisfied?
Do you think that Tom and Mary will do that together?
Do you think that Tom and Mary will get along?
Do you think that Tom and Mary will get back together?
Do you think that Tom and Mary will want to do that?
Do you think that Tom answered those questions honestly?
Do you think that Tom bought it?
Do you think that Tom can do that without help?
Do you think that Tom can do that?
Do you think that Tom can really do that?
Do you think that Tom can swim?
Do you think that Tom can take care of himself?
Do you think that Tom can win?
Do you think that Tom could be bored?
Do you think that Tom could be in Australia?
Do you think that Tom could betray us?
Do you think that Tom could do that by himself?
Do you think that Tom could do that for us?
Do you think that Tom could do that?
Do you think that Tom could drive Mary home?
Do you think that Tom could find Australia on a map?
Do you think that Tom could find Boston on a map?
Do you think that Tom could get Mary to do that?
Do you think that Tom could get Mary to stop doing that?
Do you think that Tom could have hurt them?
Do you think that Tom could help us do that?
Do you think that Tom could hurt them?
Do you think that Tom could've hurt them?
Do you think that Tom did that just for kicks?
Do you think that Tom did that?
Do you think that Tom had a good time in Australia?
Do you think that Tom had a good time in Boston?
Do you think that Tom had something to do with it?
Do you think that Tom has a chance of winning?
Do you think that Tom has a chance?
Do you think that Tom has any chance of being elected class president?
Do you think that Tom has any chance of winning?
Do you think that Tom has any idea why Mary did that?
Do you think that Tom has enough money to buy that kind of car?
Do you think that Tom has enough money to buy that?
Do you think that Tom intended to do that?
Do you think that Tom is OK?
Do you think that Tom is all right?
Do you think that Tom is busy?
Do you think that Tom is coming to the party?
Do you think that Tom is determined to do that?
Do you think that Tom is fluent in French?
Do you think that Tom is glad that that's going to happen?
Do you think that Tom is glad that's going to happen?
Do you think that Tom is going to be there?
Do you think that Tom is going to do it?
Do you think that Tom is going to do that?
Do you think that Tom is going to find anything?
Do you think that Tom is going to help us?
Do you think that Tom is happy?
Do you think that Tom is in Australia?
Do you think that Tom is lonely?
Do you think that Tom is mentally ill?
Do you think that Tom is planning to help us?
Do you think that Tom is really sorry?
Do you think that Tom is really there?
Do you think that Tom is right?
Do you think that Tom is sad?
Do you think that Tom is serious about that matter?
Do you think that Tom is so stupid to let strange people in?
Do you think that Tom is still active?
Do you think that Tom is still busy?
Do you think that Tom is still cold?
Do you think that Tom is still committed?
Do you think that Tom is still drunk?
Do you think that Tom is still going to do that?
Do you think that Tom is still here?
Do you think that Tom is still home?
Do you think that Tom is still in Australia?
Do you think that Tom is still influential?
Do you think that Tom is still lost?
Do you think that Tom is still mad about that?
Do you think that Tom is still motivated?
Do you think that Tom is still redeemable?
Do you think that Tom is still restless?
Do you think that Tom is still tense?
Do you think that Tom is still worried about that?
Do you think that Tom is strong enough to lift that by himself?
Do you think that Tom knew Mary was here?
Do you think that Tom knew Mary was married?
Do you think that Tom knew anything about it?
Do you think that Tom knew that that was going to happen?
Do you think that Tom knew that was going to happen?
Do you think that Tom knows I want to go to Australia?
Do you think that Tom knows how Mary did that?
Do you think that Tom knows how to do that?
Do you think that Tom knows what happened?
Do you think that Tom knows when Mary did that?
Do you think that Tom knows where Mary did that?
Do you think that Tom knows where Mary first met John?
Do you think that Tom knows where Mary studied French?
Do you think that Tom lied to me?
Do you think that Tom likes taking the bus to school every day?
Do you think that Tom likes you?
Do you think that Tom looks like an old man?
Do you think that Tom loves me?
Do you think that Tom made a good decision?
Do you think that Tom made the right decision?
Do you think that Tom meant to do that?
Do you think that Tom might be able to do that?
Do you think that Tom might do that for us?
Do you think that Tom might have a problem with that?
Do you think that Tom might know Mary's phone number?
Do you think that Tom might like to do that?
Do you think that Tom might like to go to Australia with us?
Do you think that Tom might say no?
Do you think that Tom might win?
Do you think that Tom needs to do that?
Do you think that Tom really did that?
Do you think that Tom really likes Mary?
Do you think that Tom really meant to do that?
Do you think that Tom really meant what he said?
Do you think that Tom really wanted to do it that way?
Do you think that Tom really wanted to do that?
Do you think that Tom should go with us?
Do you think that Tom speaks French better than Mary?
Do you think that Tom still has any friends left in Australia?
Do you think that Tom still has many friends left in Australia?
Do you think that Tom still remembers me?
Do you think that Tom still wants to do that?
Do you think that Tom suspected anything?
Do you think that Tom talked to Mary?
Do you think that Tom taught Mary how to do that?
Do you think that Tom told the truth?
Do you think that Tom understands the problem?
Do you think that Tom wants to go to Australia with us?
Do you think that Tom wants to live in Australia?
Do you think that Tom was actually telling the truth?
Do you think that Tom was impressed?
Do you think that Tom was lying?
Do you think that Tom was really telling the truth?
Do you think that Tom was telling the truth?
Do you think that Tom was the one who did that?
Do you think that Tom went to Australia?
Do you think that Tom will actually do all that?
Do you think that Tom will actually sing?
Do you think that Tom will agree to do that?
Do you think that Tom will agree to see us?
Do you think that Tom will agree with you?
Do you think that Tom will allow Mary to do that?
Do you think that Tom will allow me do that?
Do you think that Tom will ask Mary to do that?
Do you think that Tom will ask you to the dance?
Do you think that Tom will be able to do that by himself?
Do you think that Tom will be able to do that?
Do you think that Tom will be early?
Do you think that Tom will be fine?
Do you think that Tom will be found guilty?
Do you think that Tom will be found innocent?
Do you think that Tom will be here on time?
Do you think that Tom will be here this afternoon?
Do you think that Tom will be here tomorrow?
Do you think that Tom will be in Australia all summer?
Do you think that Tom will be late again?
Do you think that Tom will be there?
Do you think that Tom will come at the same time as usual?
Do you think that Tom will come to Australia?
Do you think that Tom will come to Boston?
Do you think that Tom will come, too?
Do you think that Tom will come?
Do you think that Tom will cry?
Do you think that Tom will do it?
Do you think that Tom will do that by himself?
Do you think that Tom will do that tomorrow?
Do you think that Tom will do that?
Do you think that Tom will ever come here again?
Do you think that Tom will ever do that again?
Do you think that Tom will ever do that?
Do you think that Tom will ever go to Australia?
Do you think that Tom will ever make money doing that?
Do you think that Tom will ever win?
Do you think that Tom will find anything?
Do you think that Tom will find us?
Do you think that Tom will help us?
Do you think that Tom will keep his promise?
Do you think that Tom will keep his word?
Do you think that Tom will let Mary do that for him?
Do you think that Tom will let Mary do that?
Do you think that Tom will let me do that?
Do you think that Tom will let us go?
Do you think that Tom will let you do that?
Do you think that Tom will like it?
Do you think that Tom will like me?
Do you think that Tom will like that?
Do you think that Tom will like the gift I bought for him?
Do you think that Tom will like the gift that I bought for him?
Do you think that Tom will like this?
Do you think that Tom will likely win?
Do you think that Tom will permit Mary do that?
Do you think that Tom will really do that?
Do you think that Tom will really sing tonight?
Do you think that Tom will say yes?
Do you think that Tom will see me?
Do you think that Tom will show up?
Do you think that Tom will stay in Australia long?
Do you think that Tom will survive it?
Do you think that Tom will talk to me?
Do you think that Tom will tell me the truth?
Do you think that Tom will volunteer to do that?
Do you think that Tom will wait for me?
Do you think that Tom will want to do that?
Do you think that Tom will want to go with Mary?
Do you think that Tom won't be able to do it?
Do you think that Tom won't be able to do that?
Do you think that Tom would allow Mary to do that?
Do you think that Tom would be able to do that by himself?
Do you think that Tom would be able to do that?
Do you think that Tom would be able to translate this document from French into English?
Do you think that Tom would be interested in that?
Do you think that Tom would be willing to do that for me?
Do you think that Tom would be willing to do that for us?
Do you think that Tom would be willing to do that?
Do you think that Tom would care if I didn't do that?
Do you think that Tom would care if Mary did that?
Do you think that Tom would care if Mary didn't do that?
Do you think that Tom would care if we did that?
Do you think that Tom would care if we didn't do that?
Do you think that Tom would do that again if he had the chance?
Do you think that Tom would do that by himself?
Do you think that Tom would do that for me?
Do you think that Tom would do that if he had the chance?
Do you think that Tom would enjoy doing that with us?
Do you think that Tom would go out with me?
Do you think that Tom would help us?
Do you think that Tom would help?
Do you think that Tom would let us do that?
Do you think that Tom would like it if I did that for him?
Do you think that Tom would like it if Mary did that?
Do you think that Tom would like me to do that for him?
Do you think that Tom would like me to do that?
Do you think that Tom would like me to help him do that?
Do you think that Tom would like this?
Do you think that Tom would like to do that now?
Do you think that Tom would like to do that?
Do you think that Tom would like to go camping with us next weekend?
Do you think that Tom would like to go fishing with us next weekend?
Do you think that Tom would like to go to Australia with us?
Do you think that Tom would mind helping me do that?
Do you think that Tom would mind if I came with you guys?
Do you think that Tom would mind if I did that?
Do you think that Tom would mind if Mary did that?
Do you think that Tom would mind if we didn't do that?
Do you think that Tom would really sing for us?
Do you think that Tom would really want to do that?
Do you think that Tom would sell me one of his paintings?
Do you think that Tom would show me how to do that?
Do you think that Tom would sing at our wedding?
Do you think that Tom would teach French to my children?
Do you think that Tom would try to do that?
Do you think that Tom would wait for me?
Do you think that Tom would want to do that?
Do you think that Tom would want to join us?
Do you think that Tom would've done it that way?
Do you think that Tom would've enjoyed going to Australia with us?
Do you think that Tom's new single will top the charts?
Do you think that aliens exist?
Do you think that all dictatorships are bad?
Do you think that any really smart person is inherently interested in languages?
Do you think that anybody else in your office will get married this year?
Do you think that anybody will care if Tom does that?
Do you think that anybody will care if Tom doesn't do that?
Do you think that anybody would care if I did that?
Do you think that anybody would care if I didn't do that?
Do you think that anybody would care if Tom did that?
Do you think that anybody would care if Tom didn't do that?
Do you think that anybody would care if we did that?
Do you think that anyone else in your office will get married this year?
Do you think that anyone will care if Tom does that?
Do you think that anyone will care if Tom doesn't do that?
Do you think that anyone would care if I did that?
Do you think that anyone would care if I didn't do that?
Do you think that anyone would care if Tom did that?
Do you think that anyone would care if Tom didn't do that?
Do you think that anyone would care if we did that?
Do you think that both Tom and Mary have lost weight?
Do you think that bothered Tom?
Do you think that bothered her?
Do you think that bothered him?
Do you think that bothered me?
Do you think that bothered them?
Do you think that bothered us?
Do you think that bothersome things disappear if you ignore them?
Do you think that brown hair is very beautiful?
Do you think that bugged Tom?
Do you think that bugged her?
Do you think that bugged him?
Do you think that bugged them?
Do you think that bus drivers carry guns?
Do you think that can really make you happy?
Do you think that chest hair is sexy?
Do you think that children born today will have better lives than their parents?
Do you think that college graduates are smarter than people who didn't go to college?
Do you think that cost you your job?
Do you think that could be true?
Do you think that could ever happen again?
Do you think that could work?
Do you think that creative sentence generation could be automated?
Do you think that dogs dream?
Do you think that dogs go to heaven?
Do you think that doing that is going to be easy?
Do you think that dream-catchers work?
Do you think that dreams come true?
Do you think that dress suits her?
Do you think that e-books will replace paper books?
Do you think that eating breakfast every day is important?
Do you think that eating with your family is important?
Do you think that everyone will find this good?
Do you think that everything that happens to us is predestined?
Do you think that expensive things are always good?
Do you think that fish can hear?
Do you think that foreplay is an important part of sex?
Do you think that games and learning are compatible?
Do you think that goes far enough?
Do you think that handguns should be made illegal?
Do you think that happened just by accident?
Do you think that he has a girlfriend?
Do you think that he is dead?
Do you think that he is equal to the task?
Do you think that he lied to me?
Do you think that he likes you?
Do you think that he will pass the examination?
Do you think that if one person can do something, that everyone else can do it too?
Do you think that if your body is all old and corrupted that you should really still be living?
Do you think that is really going to happen?
Do you think that it isn't useful for me to contribute English sentences with the same meanings and that I should stop doing this?
Do you think that it means something?
Do you think that it might hurt you?
Do you think that it was Tom who did that?
Do you think that it was just a coincidence?
Do you think that it works?
Do you think that it would be fun to do that?
Do you think that it would be good to do that?
Do you think that it would be possible for Tom to do that?
Do you think that it'd be possible to do that today?
Do you think that it'll be cold tonight?
Do you think that it'll be difficult to do that?
Do you think that it'll be easy for Tom to do that?
Do you think that it'll be easy for me to do that?
Do you think that it'll be easy for you to do that?
Do you think that it'll be easy to do that?
Do you think that it'll be easy to find a job in Australia?
Do you think that it'll be hard to do that?
Do you think that it'll rain this weekend?
Do you think that it'll rain tomorrow?
Do you think that it'll rain?
Do you think that it'll snow tomorrow?
Do you think that it'll work?
Do you think that it's a fair proposition?
Do you think that it's accurate?
Do you think that it's fair to judge people by the company they keep?
Do you think that it's going to be easy to do that?
Do you think that it's going to snow tomorrow?
Do you think that it's time to replace it?
Do you think that it's wrong to date a guy who's 8 years older than you?
Do you think that life is but a dream?
Do you think that listening to music while you study is beneficial?
Do you think that male leggings are cool?
Do you think that man was a newspaper photographer?
Do you think that men and women can ever just be friends?
Do you think that men talk about women more than women talk about men?
Do you think that might be part of the problem?
Do you think that money really matters to me?
Do you think that most women prefer men with beards?
Do you think that my way of teaching is wrong?
Do you think that my work is easy?
Do you think that old people are boring?
Do you think that people are mean to you?
Do you think that people drink more in a recession?
Do you think that plants feel pain?
Do you think that really helps?
Do you think that really matters to any of us?
Do you think that scares me?
Do you think that she is not human? In any case, I also may not be human.
Do you think that she lied?
Do you think that she likes you?
Do you think that sounds like a good idea?
Do you think that sounds like a threat?
Do you think that spider is venomous?
Do you think that swinging on a swing is good exercise?
Do you think that that could work?
Do you think that that might be part of the problem?
Do you think that that'll work?
Do you think that that's accurate?
Do you think that that's all Tom has to do?
Do you think that that's all Tom needs to do?
Do you think that that's bad?
Do you think that that's fair?
Do you think that that's going to help?
Do you think that that's what Tom wants to do?
Do you think that the "language ecology" on Earth is beautiful?
Do you think that the boss was impressed?
Do you think that the e-book will replace the paper book?
Do you think that the economy will improve?
Do you think that the fine was fair?
Do you think that the minimum wage should be raised?
Do you think that the police will find Tom?
Do you think that the prior generations lived better?
Do you think that there is any possibility that Tom could do that?
Do you think that there is any possibility that Tom will do that?
Do you think that there is any possibility that Tom would do that?
Do you think that there is something in there?
Do you think that there's a chance I could get that job?
Do you think that there's a chance Tom is still there?
Do you think that there's a chance Tom will do that?
Do you think that there's a chance that Tom is actually right?
Do you think that there's a chance that Tom is still there?
Do you think that there's a chance that Tom will be there?
Do you think that there's a chance that Tom will do that?
Do you think that there's a chance that you can do that?
Do you think that there's a chance that you'll do that tomorrow?
Do you think that there's a chance that'll happen?
Do you think that there's a chance you can do that?
Do you think that there's a chance?
Do you think that there's any chance Tom knows Mary's phone number?
Do you think that there's any chance of that happening?
Do you think that there's any chance that Tom knows Mary's phone number?
Do you think that there's still a chance that that'll happen?
Do you think that there's still a chance that'll happen?
Do you think that there's still a chance?
Do you think that these figures are accurate?
Do you think that these glasses look good on me?
Do you think that these numbers are accurate?
Do you think that these two problems are related?
Do you think that they are bad? They are even much worse.
Do you think that they can decrypt the code?
Do you think that they find that nice?
Do you think that they'll allow us do that?
Do you think that they'll arrest you?
Do you think that they'll figure out we're from Australia?
Do you think that they'll know we're from Australia?
Do you think that they're all that stupid?
Do you think that things have improved?
Do you think that things like that don't really matter?
Do you think that this can be repaired?
Do you think that this can work?
Do you think that this could ever happen again?
Do you think that this dog is smart?
Do you think that this is a coincidence?
Do you think that this is fair?
Do you think that this is repairable?
Do you think that this is what Tom meant?
Do you think that this jacket looks good on me?
Do you think that this lawsuit is frivolous?
Do you think that this might be Tom's handwriting?
Do you think that this old lady is a family member of Tom? I fear not.
Do you think that this translation is OK?
Do you think that this translation is accurate?
Do you think that this will work?
Do you think that those superheroes are endowed with talents we don't possess?
Do you think that those superheroes are endowed with talents we don’t possess?
Do you think that was deliberate?
Do you think that was easy for me?
Do you think that was fair?
Do you think that was funny?
Do you think that was just a coincidence?
Do you think that was the case?
Do you think that we can do it?
Do you think that we can make it to the airport on time?
Do you think that we can trust Tom?
Do you think that we convinced Tom to do that?
Do you think that we could get access to Mary's personal invoices?
Do you think that we could survive a nuclear attack?
Do you think that we have a chance to win?
Do you think that we have a soul?
Do you think that we have any chance of winning?
Do you think that we need to do that over again?
Do you think that we should discuss this with Tom?
Do you think that we should do that over again?
Do you think that we should tell Tom?
Do you think that we were lovers in a past life?
Do you think that we'd be able to get access to Mary's personal invoices?
Do you think that we'll be able to do this without any help?
Do you think that we'll be able to solve that problem in the near future?
Do you think that we'll be allowed to do that?
Do you think that we'll ever find a way to do that?
Do you think that we'll ever find our way back to the campsite?
Do you think that we'll ever make money doing this?
Do you think that we'll find her house?
Do you think that we'll get there on time?
Do you think that we'll have a white Christmas this year?
Do you think that we'll have any more problems?
Do you think that we'll win?
Do you think that we're going to improve?
Do you think that what Tom said is a lie?
Do you think that what we did helped?
Do you think that will be useful?
Do you think that will change anything?
Do you think that will work out well?
Do you think that would be fun?
Do you think that would really help?
Do you think that would work?
Do you think that you and I could do that together?
Do you think that you are qualified for that aspect of the work?
Do you think that you are smarter than Tom? I don't think so.
Do you think that you can beat me?
Do you think that you can come?
Do you think that you can do it?
Do you think that you can do that by yourself?
Do you think that you can do that by yourselves?
Do you think that you can do that for us?
Do you think that you can do that without any help?
Do you think that you can do that without getting yourselves killed?
Do you think that you can do that, Tom?
Do you think that you can do that?
Do you think that you can find anyone to replace Tom?
Do you think that you can find someone to replace Tom?
Do you think that you can get it working?
Do you think that you can get my car running?
Do you think that you can handle it?
Do you think that you can help me do that tomorrow?
Do you think that you can make things better?
Do you think that you can put your idea into practice?
Do you think that you can read this book?
Do you think that you can really do that?
Do you think that you can run away from Tom?
Do you think that you can sing for us?
Do you think that you can wait?
Do you think that you can write that report without any help?
Do you think that you could convince Tom to volunteer to do that?
Do you think that you could do it without us?
Do you think that you could do that by yourselves?
Do you think that you could do that for me?
Do you think that you could do that, Tom?
Do you think that you could do that?
Do you think that you could draw a map for me?
Do you think that you could draw me a map?
Do you think that you could get Tom to do that for you?
Do you think that you could give me a ride home?
Do you think that you could handle that kind of responsibility?
Do you think that you could help Tom do that?
Do you think that you could help Tom?
Do you think that you could help me clean my room?
Do you think that you could help me fix this?
Do you think that you could help me paint the fence tomorrow?
Do you think that you could help me weed the garden this afternoon?
Do you think that you could help me with this?
Do you think that you could help me?
Do you think that you could swim across this river?
Do you think that you could take a look?
Do you think that you could talk to Tom about that?
Do you think that you could translate this document into French?
Do you think that you could translate this into French?
Do you think that you get enough sleep?
Do you think that you have to destroy my stuff?
Do you think that you have to destroy my things?
Do you think that you might become a teacher someday?
Do you think that you need to destroy my stuff?
Do you think that you need to destroy my things?
Do you think that you should always tell the truth?
Do you think that you should be doing that without permission?
Do you think that you speak French better than Tom?
Do you think that you won't win?
Do you think that you would enjoy being famous?
Do you think that you'd be able to do that by yourselves?
Do you think that you'd be able to help me?
Do you think that you'd like to live in Australia?
Do you think that you'd like to live in Boston?
Do you think that you'd like to work for me?
Do you think that you'd like to work for us?
Do you think that you'll be able to do that by yourselves?
Do you think that you'll be able to solve the problem by yourselves?
Do you think that you'll be able to visit Australia next year?
Do you think that you'll be arrested?
Do you think that you'll be here tomorrow?
Do you think that you'll be in Australia all summer?
Do you think that you'll ever move back to Australia?
Do you think that you'll get arrested?
Do you think that you'll need that?
Do you think that you'll stay in Australia long?
Do you think that you're better than me?
Do you think that you're bigger than Tom?
Do you think that you're going to miss it?
Do you think that you're strong enough to do that?
Do you think that you're the only one in pain?
Do you think that you're too good to drink beer with us?
Do you think that your husband is the most important person in your life?
Do you think that your sources are reliable?
Do you think that your wife is the most important person in your life?
Do you think that yours is better?
Do you think that'll ever happen again?
Do you think that'll happen again?
Do you think that'll happen soon?
Do you think that'll help?
Do you think that'll work for you?
Do you think that'll work?
Do you think that's Finnish?
Do you think that's a bad thing?
Do you think that's a clue?
Do you think that's a coincidence?
Do you think that's a good idea?
Do you think that's a good thing for me?
Do you think that's a good thing?
Do you think that's a joke?
Do you think that's a turning point?
Do you think that's accurate?
Do you think that's all I have to do?
Do you think that's all I need to do?
Do you think that's all Tom has to do?
Do you think that's all Tom needs to do?
Do you think that's all we have to do?
Do you think that's all we need to do?
Do you think that's all you have to do?
Do you think that's all you need to do?
Do you think that's appropriate?
Do you think that's attainable?
Do you think that's bad?
Do you think that's enough?
Do you think that's ever going to happen?
Do you think that's fair?
Do you think that's funny?
Do you think that's going to be easy?
Do you think that's going to happen anytime soon?
Do you think that's going to happen today?
Do you think that's going to happen?
Do you think that's going to help?
Do you think that's going to work?
Do you think that's good enough?
Do you think that's him?
Do you think that's important?
Do you think that's interesting?
Do you think that's necessary?
Do you think that's normal?
Do you think that's possible?
Do you think that's significant?
Do you think that's the answer?
Do you think that's the reason?
Do you think that's true?
Do you think that's what I want?
Do you think that's what Tom wants to do?
Do you think that's what Tom wants?
Do you think that's what we should do?
Do you think that's what's happened to Tom?
Do you think that's wise?
Do you think that's worthwhile?
Do you think that's wrong?
Do you think that, if a man married a rich woman, he wouldn't have to work?
Do you think that’s significant?
Do you think the Algerian government is going in the right direction?
Do you think the Braves will take the series?
Do you think the Democratic Party will get the better of the Republican Party?
Do you think the European Super League will destroy football as we know it?
Do you think the European Union will collapse?
Do you think the Stars can win the Stanley Cup this year?
Do you think the Supersonics will go all the way to the world championships?
Do you think the accused is really guilty of the crime?
Do you think the boss was impressed?
Do you think the campaign was successful in Italy?
Do you think the coming years will always be warmer?
Do you think the economy will improve?
Do you think the film will be over soon?
Do you think the film will end soon?
Do you think the film will soon be over?
Do you think the fine was fair?
Do you think the food at that restaurant is good?
Do you think the guy you saw last night could've been Tom?
Do you think the judge will reverse his decision when he hears the new evidence?
Do you think the jury will find Tom guilty?
Do you think the lake is frozen solid enough to skate on?
Do you think the meeting will last long?
Do you think the message got through?
Do you think the people who fought alongside Mao would be happy with modern China?
Do you think the police will ever find out what happened to Tom?
Do you think the police will ever find out who killed Tom?
Do you think the police will ever find out who stole your car?
Do you think the pond is frozen hard enough to skate on?
Do you think the post office is still open?
Do you think the rainy season will set in early this year?
Do you think the relationship between mother and child is more important than the relationship between father and child?
Do you think the request will go through?
Do you think the road is wide enough for cars?
Do you think the shooting was accidental?
Do you think the situation can improve?
Do you think the situation will change?
Do you think the situation will improve?
Do you think the task is easy?
Do you think the timing is good?
Do you think the track is wide enough for cars?
Do you think the war is just or not?
Do you think the war will end soon?
Do you think the weather will be fine tomorrow?
Do you think the weather will be good?
Do you think the weather will be nice tomorrow?
Do you think the wedding is really off?
Do you think the world has a destiny?
Do you think the world is about to end?
Do you think the world is ending?
Do you think their wages ought to be raised?
Do you think there are aliens?
Do you think there are any Earth-like planets?
Do you think there are no other alternatives?
Do you think there are too many people in the world?
Do you think there is an afterlife?
Do you think there is another answer to this difficult problem?
Do you think there is any possibility that Tom could do that?
Do you think there is any possibility that Tom will do that?
Do you think there is any possibility that Tom would do that?
Do you think there is something in there?
Do you think there will be a coup?
Do you think there would be a problem with us showing up a little early?
Do you think there'll be a grand coalition?
Do you think there'll be any post today?
Do you think there's a big difference between countries?
Do you think there's a chance I could get that job?
Do you think there's a chance I'll be elected?
Do you think there's a chance Tom has Mary's phone number?
Do you think there's a chance Tom is actually right?
Do you think there's a chance Tom is still there?
Do you think there's a chance Tom knows how to do that?
Do you think there's a chance Tom will be there?
Do you think there's a chance Tom will do that?
Do you think there's a chance Tom will have a party?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom and Mary know how to do that?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom has Mary's phone number?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom is actually right?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom is right?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom is still there?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom knows how to do that?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom will be there?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom will do that?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom will have a party?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom would like to go to Boston with us?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom's actually right?
Do you think there's a chance that will happen?
Do you think there's a chance that you can do that?
Do you think there's a chance that you'll do that tomorrow?
Do you think there's a chance that'll happen?
Do you think there's a chance you can do that?
Do you think there's a chance?
Do you think there's a connection?
Do you think there's a hell?
Do you think there's a hope?
Do you think there's any chance Tom can do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom knows Mary's phone number?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will be able to come?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will be able to do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will be able to find Mary?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will be at the party?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will have to do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will need to do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will want to do that?
Do you think there's any chance of that happening?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom can do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom knows Mary's phone number?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will be able to come?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will be able to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will be able to find Mary?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will be at the party?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will have to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will need to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will want to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that we'll be able to finish this on time?
Do you think there's any chance that you can do that?
Do you think there's any chance that you'll be able to come?
Do you think there's any chance that you'll be able to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that you'll do that?
Do you think there's any chance that you'll have to do that?
Do you think there's any chance we'll be able to finish this on time?
Do you think there's any chance you can do that?
Do you think there's any chance you'll be able to come?
Do you think there's any chance you'll be able to do that?
Do you think there's any chance you'll do that?
Do you think there's any chance you'll have to do that?
Do you think there's any escape from the life you're leading?
Do you think there's any possibility that the embargo will be lifted soon?
Do you think there's any possibility that the strike will end soon?
Do you think there's anything in there?
Do you think there's been a misunderstanding?
Do you think there's life on other planets?
Do you think there's really a monster in the basement?
Do you think there's something wrong with me?
Do you think there's still a chance that that'll happen?
Do you think there's still a chance that'll happen?
Do you think there's still a chance?
Do you think there's still hope?
Do you think there's too much violence in movies?
Do you think there's too much violence on TV?
Do you think these figures are accurate?
Do you think these glasses look good on me?
Do you think these letters are worth saving?
Do you think these nuts have gone rancid?
Do you think they anticipated this outcome?
Do you think they followed us here?
Do you think they followed us?
Do you think they gave Tom a square deal?
Do you think they had a good time?
Do you think they heard us?
Do you think they know what is actually at stake?
Do you think they might be dangerous?
Do you think they noticed?
Do you think they play video games?
Do you think they suspect me?
Do you think they were aware of the risks?
Do you think they were right after all?
Do you think they were right all along?
Do you think they will give me the job?
Do you think they will hire me?
Do you think they will invite us to the film showing?
Do you think they would have been justified in carrying out their plan?
Do you think they would recognize me?
Do you think they'd hire me?
Do you think they'll allow us do that?
Do you think they'll allow us to do that?
Do you think they'll arrest you?
Do you think they'll be back for me?
Do you think they'll be offended?
Do you think they'll break the 10-second barrier in the 100-meter dash?
Do you think they'll figure out we're from Australia?
Do you think they'll figure out we're from Boston?
Do you think they'll find Tom?
Do you think they'll find her?
Do you think they'll find him guilty?
Do you think they'll find him?
Do you think they'll find us here?
Do you think they'll know we're from Australia?
Do you think they'll know we're from Boston?
Do you think they'll let us do that?
Do you think they'll permit us to do that?
Do you think they'll punish Boldi?
Do you think they're all that stupid?
Do you think they're awake?
Do you think they're coming after us?
Do you think they're dead?
Do you think they're family?
Do you think they're going to sum up the recipe at the end of the episode?
Do you think they're related?
Do you think they’ll break the 10-second barrier in the 100-meter dash?
Do you think things have improved?
Do you think things like that don't really matter?
Do you think things would have gone differently if I'd been here?
Do you think things would've gone differently if I'd been here?
Do you think this book is worth reading?
Do you think this can be repaired?
Do you think this can work?
Do you think this color will do?
Do you think this could ever happen again?
Do you think this dog is smart?
Do you think this door has ever been opened?
Do you think this fear is warranted?
Do you think this has something to do with what happened here last week?
Do you think this idea will work?
Do you think this image has been manipulated?
Do you think this is Tom's fault?
Do you think this is a big deal?
Do you think this is a coincidence, too?
Do you think this is a coincidence?
Do you think this is a game?
Do you think this is a good idea?
Do you think this is a good place to pitch the tent?
Do you think this is a joke?
Do you think this is a language or a dialect?
Do you think this is a movie?
Do you think this is a stupid idea?
Do you think this is crazy?
Do you think this is easy for me?
Do you think this is fair?
Do you think this is fun?
Do you think this is funny?
Do you think this is interesting?
Do you think this is normal?
Do you think this is pertinent?
Do you think this is real?
Do you think this is repairable?
Do you think this is some kind of game?
Do you think this is stupid?
Do you think this is the best form of government?
Do you think this is the only way to make a living?
Do you think this is the right thing to do?
Do you think this is too big?
Do you think this is true?
Do you think this is what Tom meant?
Do you think this is worth something?
Do you think this jacket looks good on me?
Do you think this jelly's firm enough to eat yet?
Do you think this jelly’s firm enough to eat yet?
Do you think this job is easy?
Do you think this job is fit for the man?
Do you think this letter was written by Tom?
Do you think this looks like Tom's handwriting?
Do you think this makes sense?
Do you think this might be Tom's handwriting?
Do you think this might happen again?
Do you think this milk is still good?
Do you think this photo has been manipulated?
Do you think this plan is unrealistic?
Do you think this problem is related to the one Tom found yesterday?
Do you think this rope is strong enough?
Do you think this salad would go better with feta or blue cheese?
Do you think this sentence is awkward?
Do you think this shirt would fit Tom?
Do you think this silver is real or fake?
Do you think this strategy will work?
Do you think this summer will be hotter than usual?
Do you think this thing is cute?
Do you think this tie looks OK with this shirt?
Do you think this translation is OK?
Do you think this translation is accurate?
Do you think this was accidental?
Do you think this was intended for Tom?
Do you think this watch is repairable?
Do you think this water is safe to drink?
Do you think this will burn?
Do you think this will happen again?
Do you think this will make a difference?
Do you think this will stop Tom?
Do you think this will stop her?
Do you think this will work?
Do you think this wine is OK?
Do you think this world is a dream?
Do you think this'll work?
Do you think those are real?
Do you think those boycotts will amount to anything?
Do you think those ideas will influence her?
Do you think three hours will be enough?
Do you think tomorrow will be a nice day?
Do you think tomorrow will be nice?
Do you think tomorrow's weather will be good?
Do you think tomorrow’s weather will be good?
Do you think trust can be regained?
Do you think trust can withstand anything?
Do you think trust is earned or given?
Do you think video games are addictive?
Do you think war is just or not?
Do you think we are better off than we used to be?
Do you think we can ask them to lower their voices?
Do you think we can do it?
Do you think we can do that here?
Do you think we can do that?
Do you think we can do this without Tom's help?
Do you think we can ever be forgiven?
Do you think we can find someone to replace Tom?
Do you think we can get Tom to agree to do that?
Do you think we can get Tom to do that for us?
Do you think we can get Tom to do that?
Do you think we can get there in time?
Do you think we can get this done before 2:30?
Do you think we can glue that back together?
Do you think we can help Tom?
Do you think we can help her?
Do you think we can help him?
Do you think we can help them?
Do you think we can make it to the airport on time?
Do you think we can solve this problem without Tom's help?
Do you think we can start over?
Do you think we can trust Tom?
Do you think we convinced Tom to do that?
Do you think we convinced Tom?
Do you think we convinced her?
Do you think we convinced him?
Do you think we convinced them?
Do you think we could change that?
Do you think we could do that?
Do you think we could go there together?
Do you think we could survive a nuclear attack?
Do you think we have a chance to win?
Do you think we have a chance?
Do you think we have any chance of winning?
Do you think we have enough gas left to get to the next gas station?
Do you think we have enough time?
Do you think we made the wrong decision?
Do you think we need this?
Do you think we need to change that?
Do you think we need to do that over again?
Do you think we ought to go in?
Do you think we should abandon ship?
Do you think we should allow Tom to do that?
Do you think we should be doing this now?
Do you think we should discuss this with Tom?
Do you think we should do it?
Do you think we should do something to help Tom?
Do you think we should do something to help?
Do you think we should do that over again?
Do you think we should do that?
Do you think we should expect Tom to do that?
Do you think we should get involved?
Do you think we should give up?
Do you think we should have gone to where Tom wanted us to go instead of coming here?
Do you think we should have gone where Tom wanted us to go instead of coming here?
Do you think we should have stayed a little longer?
Do you think we should have talked to Tom about this?
Do you think we should import rice from the U.S.?
Do you think we should just wait and hope it changes?
Do you think we should leave?
Do you think we should let Tom do that?
Do you think we should let Tom win?
Do you think we should make Tom do that?
Do you think we should raise prices?
Do you think we should report this?
Do you think we should send for the doctor?
Do you think we should surrender?
Do you think we should take umbrellas with us?
Do you think we should tell Tom?
Do you think we should worry?
Do you think we should've gone to where Tom wanted us to go instead of coming here?
Do you think we should've gone where Tom wanted us to go instead of coming here?
Do you think we should've stayed a little longer?
Do you think we should've talked to Tom about this?
Do you think we shouldn't have told Tom about this?
Do you think we suit each other?
Do you think we were right?
Do you think we were wrong?
Do you think we will get there on time?
Do you think we'll be able to do this without any help?
Do you think we'll be able to figure it out?
Do you think we'll be able to solve that problem in the near future?
Do you think we'll be allowed to do that?
Do you think we'll be on time?
Do you think we'll be permitted to do that?
Do you think we'll ever find Tom?
Do you think we'll ever find a way to do that?
Do you think we'll ever find our way back to the campsite?
Do you think we'll ever make money doing this?
Do you think we'll ever see Tom again?
Do you think we'll find Tom?
Do you think we'll find him?
Do you think we'll find them?
Do you think we'll find what we're looking for?
Do you think we'll get a chance to rub shoulders with any celebrities?
Do you think we'll get there on time?
Do you think we'll get to the station in time?
Do you think we'll have a white Christmas this year?
Do you think we'll have any more problems?
Do you think we'll have good weather tomorrow?
Do you think we'll have good weather?
Do you think we'll make it in time?
Do you think we'll make it to the airport in time, Paul?
Do you think we'll make it to the station in time?
Do you think we'll make the train?
Do you think we'll manage to finish it on time?
Do you think we'll never see Tom again?
Do you think we'll reach his house before noon?
Do you think we'll return before dark?
Do you think we'll win a prize with that?
Do you think we'll win?
Do you think we're all stupid?
Do you think we're blind?
Do you think we're doing it right?
Do you think we're going to be rescued?
Do you think we're going to improve?
Do you think we're incompatible?
Do you think we're stupid?
Do you think we’ll get a chance to rub shoulders with any celebrities?
Do you think we’ll have good weather tomorrow?
Do you think we’ll have good weather?
Do you think we’ll make it to the airport in time, Paul?
Do you think we’ll reach his house before noon?
Do you think we’ll succeed this time?
Do you think we’ve done enough?
Do you think what I did was helpful?
Do you think what Tom did was OK?
Do you think what Tom said is a lie?
Do you think what Tom suggested was is a good idea?
Do you think what she said is a lie?
Do you think what we did helped?
Do you think you and I are compatible?
Do you think you and I are incompatible?
Do you think you and I could do that together?
Do you think you and Tom will get back together?
Do you think you can be here by 2:30?
Do you think you can buy my friendship?
Do you think you can catch me?
Do you think you can catch this ball with one hand?
Do you think you can catch up with me?
Do you think you can climb to the top of this tree?
Do you think you can come down here immediately?
Do you think you can come now?
Do you think you can come up with that kind of money?
Do you think you can come?
Do you think you can convince Tom to cooperate?
Do you think you can convince Tom to do that?
Do you think you can convince Tom to donate money?
Do you think you can convince Tom to help us?
Do you think you can dance the mambo?
Do you think you can do better?
Do you think you can do it?
Do you think you can do that before lunch?
Do you think you can do that before tomorrow?
Do you think you can do that before you go home today?
Do you think you can do that by 2:30?
Do you think you can do that by yourself?
Do you think you can do that by yourselves?
Do you think you can do that for us?
Do you think you can do that in less than three hours?
Do you think you can do that on your own?
Do you think you can do that today?
Do you think you can do that without any help?
Do you think you can do that without getting hurt?
Do you think you can do that without getting injured?
Do you think you can do that without getting yourself killed?
Do you think you can do that without getting yourselves killed?
Do you think you can do that without help?
Do you think you can do that without my help?
Do you think you can do that, Tom?
Do you think you can do that?
Do you think you can do this alone?
Do you think you can drive me to the garage tomorrow?
Do you think you can fall in love with someone like Yuri?
Do you think you can find the time to read this before the meeting?
Do you think you can finish doing that by 2:30?
Do you think you can finish doing that by Monday?
Do you think you can finish this job by noon?
Do you think you can fix it?
Do you think you can fix that?
Do you think you can fix this?
Do you think you can fool me?
Do you think you can get away with this?
Do you think you can get away?
Do you think you can get home by 2:30?
Do you think you can get it working?
Do you think you can get me in?
Do you think you can get me out of here?
Do you think you can get me to Union Station by a quarter after?
Do you think you can get my car running?
Do you think you can get this open?
Do you think you can give me a hand with Tom?
Do you think you can handle a few minutes alone with Tom?
Do you think you can handle it?
Do you think you can handle that?
Do you think you can handle this problem?
Do you think you can help Tom with that?
Do you think you can help Tom?
Do you think you can help her?
Do you think you can help him?
Do you think you can help me do that tomorrow?
Do you think you can help me do that?
Do you think you can help me?
Do you think you can help them?
Do you think you can help us?
Do you think you can help?
Do you think you can identify Tom?
Do you think you can just traipse into the kitchen right after I've mopped the floors?
Do you think you can keep up with us?
Do you think you can live on a dollar a day in America?
Do you think you can make it in time?
Do you think you can make it through this movie without falling asleep?
Do you think you can make it to Boston for Christmas?
Do you think you can make it to the party?
Do you think you can make out the list in an hour?
Do you think you can make things better?
Do you think you can make yourself understood in French?
Do you think you can manage to keep things going until I get back?
Do you think you can manage?
Do you think you can read this book?
Do you think you can really do that?
Do you think you can really sing better than Tom?
Do you think you can remember the way home?
Do you think you can retrain him, or is he hopeless?
Do you think you can ride that horse?
Do you think you can sing for us?
Do you think you can solve these puzzles?
Do you think you can still do that?
Do you think you can stop Tom from doing that?
Do you think you can stop me from doing that?
Do you think you can take me?
Do you think you can tear this magazine in two?
Do you think you can trust me now?
Do you think you can use it to pay anywhere in the border region?
Do you think you can wait till then?
Do you think you can wait?
Do you think you can win?
Do you think you can write that report without any help?
Do you think you could actually do that?
Do you think you could actually help me?
Do you think you could be a cop?
Do you think you could climb to the top of this tree?
Do you think you could convince Tom to volunteer to do that?
Do you think you could convince Tom to volunteer?
Do you think you could describe the man you saw to a sketch artist?
Do you think you could do better?
Do you think you could do it for me?
Do you think you could do it without us?
Do you think you could do that again?
Do you think you could do that as well as Tom?
Do you think you could do that by yourself?
Do you think you could do that by yourselves?
Do you think you could do that for me?
Do you think you could do that tomorrow?
Do you think you could do that without my help?
Do you think you could do that without our help?
Do you think you could do that without us?
Do you think you could do that, Tom?
Do you think you could do that, too?
Do you think you could do that?
Do you think you could do the same thing Tom and Mary are doing?
Do you think you could do the same thing Tom is doing?
Do you think you could do the same?
Do you think you could do what Tom and Mary are doing?
Do you think you could do what Tom is doing?
Do you think you could draw a map for me?
Do you think you could drive? I'm feeling tired.
Do you think you could escape?
Do you think you could fall in love with me?
Do you think you could get Tom to do that for you?
Do you think you could give Tom a little help?
Do you think you could give me a paper bag?
Do you think you could give me a ride home?
Do you think you could handle that kind of responsibility?
Do you think you could handle this job by yourself?
Do you think you could help Tom do that?
Do you think you could help Tom?
Do you think you could help me clean my room?
Do you think you could help me do that?
Do you think you could help me fix this?
Do you think you could help me out?
Do you think you could help me paint the fence tomorrow?
Do you think you could help me solve this problem?
Do you think you could help me tomorrow afternoon?
Do you think you could help me weed the garden this afternoon?
Do you think you could help me with this?
Do you think you could help me?
Do you think you could help?
Do you think you could lend me some money?
Do you think you could lend me some of your records?
Do you think you could make a little less noise?
Do you think you could make it at 9:30?
Do you think you could make it before lunch?
Do you think you could make it before noon?
Do you think you could make use of these?
Do you think you could make use of this?
Do you think you could manage to do that by tomorrow?
Do you think you could persuade Tom not to do that?
Do you think you could persuade Tom to do that?
Do you think you could persuade Tom to drive?
Do you think you could persuade Tom to help us?
Do you think you could persuade Tom to join our team?
Do you think you could pitch in $10 for Tom's birthday present?
Do you think you could sing for us?
Do you think you could stop Tom from doing that?
Do you think you could stop doing that?
Do you think you could stop insulting me in front of my family?
Do you think you could swim across this river?
Do you think you could take a look?
Do you think you could take me there?
Do you think you could take this inside for me?
Do you think you could talk Tom into doing that?
Do you think you could talk Tom into joining our team?
Do you think you could talk to Tom about that?
Do you think you could teach me to play the bagpipes?
Do you think you could use this?
Do you think you could've done that without our help?
Do you think you could've done that?
Do you think you could've done this without our help?
Do you think you could've done this?
Do you think you get enough sleep?
Do you think you get paid enough?
Do you think you have a problem?
Do you think you have a right to decide what I do with my life?
Do you think you have me all figured out? Now, think again!
Do you think you have to be able to pass for a native speaker to be an effective spy?
Do you think you know me?
Do you think you might be interested?
Do you think you might recognize Tom?
Do you think you need professional help?
Do you think you need to see somebody?
Do you think you really know me?
Do you think you really scare me?
Do you think you scare me?
Do you think you should always tell the truth?
Do you think you should be doing that without permission?
Do you think you should do that without permission?
Do you think you should slow down a little?
Do you think you speak English better than I do?
Do you think you speak English better than me?
Do you think you speak French better than I do?
Do you think you speak French better than Tom?
Do you think you speak French better than me?
Do you think you will feel better in a while?
Do you think you work for me?
Do you think you would be able to do that?
Do you think you would enjoy being famous?
Do you think you would ever consider going out with me?
Do you think you would ever consider suicide?
Do you think you would recognize Tom?
Do you think you'd be able to do that before lunch?
Do you think you'd be able to do that before tomorrow?
Do you think you'd be able to do that before you go home today?
Do you think you'd be able to do that by 2:30?
Do you think you'd be able to do that by yourself?
Do you think you'd be able to do that by yourselves?
Do you think you'd be able to do that on your own?
Do you think you'd be able to do that today?
Do you think you'd be able to do that without any help?
Do you think you'd be able to do that without my help?
Do you think you'd be able to do that?
Do you think you'd be able to get home by 2:30?
Do you think you'd be able to go swimming today?
Do you think you'd be able to help me?
Do you think you'd be happy doing that?
Do you think you'd be interested in doing that?
Do you think you'd be miserable doing that?
Do you think you'd be nervous doing that?
Do you think you'd be quiet doing that?
Do you think you'd ever consider doing that?
Do you think you'd ever do that?
Do you think you'd get ill?
Do you think you'd have time to help me learn French?
Do you think you'd like to live in Australia?
Do you think you'd like to live in Boston?
Do you think you'd like to work for me?
Do you think you'd like to work for us?
Do you think you'll be able to attend the meeting?
Do you think you'll be able to come?
Do you think you'll be able to do that by yourself?
Do you think you'll be able to do that by yourselves?
Do you think you'll be able to do that?
Do you think you'll be able to drive a car when you are eighty years old?
Do you think you'll be able to go skiing next month?
Do you think you'll be able to help me?
Do you think you'll be able to solve the problem by yourself?
Do you think you'll be able to solve the problem by yourselves?
Do you think you'll be able to visit Australia next year?
Do you think you'll be able to visit Boston next year?
Do you think you'll be arrested?
Do you think you'll be back by 2:30?
Do you think you'll be getting more in soon?
Do you think you'll be happy here?
Do you think you'll be here a long time?
Do you think you'll be here tomorrow?
Do you think you'll be in Australia all summer?
Do you think you'll be in Boston all summer?
Do you think you'll do that?
Do you think you'll ever change your mind?
Do you think you'll ever come back here?
Do you think you'll ever do that?
Do you think you'll ever get married again?
Do you think you'll ever get married?
Do you think you'll ever go to Australia again?
Do you think you'll ever go to Boston again?
Do you think you'll ever go to college?
Do you think you'll ever move back to Australia?
Do you think you'll ever move back to Boston?
Do you think you'll feel like doing that tomorrow?
Do you think you'll finish doing that today?
Do you think you'll get a good grade?
Do you think you'll get arrested?
Do you think you'll get into Harvard?
Do you think you'll have children some day?
Do you think you'll live with your parents after you get married?
Do you think you'll make it in time?
Do you think you'll need Tom's help?
Do you think you'll need more time?
Do you think you'll need that?
Do you think you'll recognize Tom?
Do you think you'll see Tom again?
Do you think you'll stay in Australia long?
Do you think you'll stay in Boston long?
Do you think you'll stay long?
Do you think you'll swim tomorrow?
Do you think you'll win?
Do you think you're a better cook than I am?
Do you think you're a better cook than Tom is?
Do you think you're a better cook than Tom?
Do you think you're a better cook than me?
Do you think you're a better cook?
Do you think you're a good driver?
Do you think you're a good student?
Do you think you're a healthy person?
Do you think you're better than me?
Do you think you're bigger than Tom?
Do you think you're clever?
Do you think you're creative?
Do you think you're free?
Do you think you're funny?
Do you think you're going to be able to stop me?
Do you think you're going to miss it?
Do you think you're going to need it?
Do you think you're good enough for that job?
Do you think you're good-looking?
Do you think you're handsome?
Do you think you're likable?
Do you think you're likeable?
Do you think you're lovable?
Do you think you're loveable?
Do you think you're lucky or unlucky?
Do you think you're mature?
Do you think you're modest?
Do you think you're normal?
Do you think you're obese?
Do you think you're overweight?
Do you think you're photogenic?
Do you think you're smart?
Do you think you're smarter than Tom?
Do you think you're smarter than me?
Do you think you're smarter than your parents?
Do you think you're strong enough to do that?
Do you think you're strong?
Do you think you're the only one in pain?
Do you think you're the only one in the world?
Do you think you're the only one who can do that?
Do you think you're the only one who can't do that?
Do you think you're too good to drink beer with us?
Do you think you're ugly?
Do you think you're up to it?
Do you think you're up to the challenge?
Do you think you've actually weakened me? I'm getting stronger everyday!
Do you think you've been treated fairly?
Do you think you've been treated unfairly?
Do you think you've made a mistake in your choice of career?
Do you think you've made the wrong choice?
Do you think your French is good enough to explain the problem?
Do you think your car will make it?
Do you think your clothes are going to pick themselves up?
Do you think your feeling of malaise is related to your job?
Do you think your husband is the most important person in your life?
Do you think your life is tough?
Do you think your life might've been better if you hadn't split up with her?
Do you think your method is better?
Do you think your mom could set me up, too?
Do you think your money is safe in a bank?
Do you think your mother is beautiful?
Do you think your mother will be home tomorrow afternoon?
Do you think your parents spent enough time with you when you were in your teens?
Do you think your room is too small?
Do you think your schooldays are the happiest days of your life?
Do you think your sons will follow in your footsteps?
Do you think your sources are reliable?
Do you think your spouse spends enough time with you?
Do you think your wife is the most important person in your life?
Do you think yours is better?
Do you think you’d get ill?
Do you think you’ll be getting more in soon?
Do you think?
Do you three ever go to Australia together?
Do you three ever go to Boston together?
Do you three live together?
Do you three think you could help me right now?
Do you three work together?
Do you tighten a screw clockwise or anticlockwise?
Do you track your progress?
Do you translate lyrics?
Do you translate songs?
Do you travel a lot?
Do you travel by public transport?
Do you travel by sea or by air?
Do you travel much?
Do you travel often?
Do you travel to Munich often?
Do you travel?
Do you treat farm animals?
Do you truly believe that it's a good idea?
Do you truly intend to do that?
Do you truly love Tom?
Do you trust God?
Do you trust Tom now?
Do you trust Tom yet?
Do you trust Tom's judgement?
Do you trust Tom's judgment?
Do you trust Tom?
Do you trust anyone?
Do you trust her judgment?
Do you trust her?
Do you trust him with your heart?
Do you trust him?
Do you trust me completely?
Do you trust me or not?
Do you trust me, Tom?
Do you trust me?
Do you trust my judgment?
Do you trust the data?
Do you trust them?
Do you trust us?
Do you trust your auto mechanic?
Do you trust your car mechanic?
Do you trust your general doctor?
Do you trust your instincts?
Do you trust yourself?
Do you trust yourselves?
Do you try to find symbols in your night dreams?
Do you two already know each other?
Do you two ever play tennis together?
Do you two get along well?
Do you two get along?
Do you two have separate bank accounts?
Do you two know each other?
Do you two know something?
Do you two often argue?
Do you two speak French?
Do you two want to be alone?
Do you two want to eat lunch together?
Do you two work together?
Do you understand Berber poetry?
Do you understand Berber?
Do you understand Chinese?
Do you understand English?
Do you understand French?
Do you understand Hungarian?
Do you understand Islam properly?
Do you understand Italian?
Do you understand Latin?
Do you understand Limburgish?
Do you understand Magyar?
Do you understand Mrs. Kunze?
Do you understand Polish?
Do you understand Portuguese?
Do you understand Roman numerals?
Do you understand Spanish?
Do you understand Tatar?
Do you understand Tom's behaviour?
Do you understand Tom?
Do you understand abstract art?
Do you understand any of this?
Do you understand at least a little bit of Russian?
Do you understand each and every right that has been explained to you?
Do you understand each other?
Do you understand everything she says?
Do you understand everything she's saying?
Do you understand everything they are saying?
Do you understand everything?
Do you understand her?
Do you understand him?
Do you understand how it works?
Do you understand how serious this is?
Do you understand how this happened to you?
Do you understand how this works?
Do you understand it?
Do you understand me now?
Do you understand me, Tom?
Do you understand me?
Do you understand military ranks?
Do you understand my Arabic?
Do you understand my problem?
Do you understand now why I told you that?
Do you understand now?
Do you understand or not?
Do you understand sign language?
Do you understand such an attitude?
Do you understand that it's over between us?
Do you understand that that can be dangerous?
Do you understand that you are at fault?
Do you understand that?
Do you understand the concept of the time value of money?
Do you understand the concept?
Do you understand the context of what I'm saying?
Do you understand the difference between reality and imagination?
Do you understand the difference between right and wrong?
Do you understand the difference?
Do you understand the difficulty of my job?
Do you understand the guide?
Do you understand the implications?
Do you understand the importance of what you are saying?
Do you understand the inner workings of a car?
Do you understand the instructions?
Do you understand the language of Hungarians?
Do you understand the language of Magyars?
Do you understand the language of the Hungarian people?
Do you understand the language of the Magyar people?
Do you understand the meaning of this sentence?
Do you understand the methodology?
Do you understand the mission?
Do you understand the point of this project?
Do you understand the process?
Do you understand the question?
Do you understand the rights I have just read to you? With these rights in mind, do you wish to speak to me?
Do you understand the risks?
Do you understand the rules?
Do you understand the situation?
Do you understand the value of modesty?
Do you understand the women and children who are here?
Do you understand them?
Do you understand this book?
Do you understand this kind of attitude?
Do you understand this math problem?
Do you understand this question?
Do you understand this?
Do you understand us?
Do you understand what I am saying to you?
Do you understand what I am saying?
Do you understand what I am speaking about?
Do you understand what I just said?
Do you understand what I mean by that?
Do you understand what I mean?
Do you understand what I meant by that?
Do you understand what I want to say?
Do you understand what I'm saying to you?
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Do you understand what I'm telling you?
Do you understand what I’m saying?
Do you understand what OrelSan is singing about?
Do you understand what Tom and Mary are saying?
Do you understand what Tom is saying?
Do you understand what Tom means?
Do you understand what Tom wants?
Do you understand what happened?
Do you understand what he's saying?
Do you understand what he's told you?
Do you understand what he’s told you?
Do you understand what that means?
Do you understand what the problem is?
Do you understand what the songwriter intended?
Do you understand what these tourists are saying?
Do you understand what they're saying?
Do you understand what this means?
Do you understand what you have to do?
Do you understand what you need to do?
Do you understand what you're saying?
Do you understand what you've done?
Do you understand what's at stake here?
Do you understand what's expected?
Do you understand what's going on?
Do you understand what's happening here?
Do you understand what's happening?
Do you understand what's written?
Do you understand why this is a problem?
Do you understand why we can't do that?
Do you understand why?
Do you understand your orders?
Do you understand?
Do you understand? Probably.
Do you update your website often?
Do you use Berber with your friends?
Do you use Berber with your kids?
Do you use Berber with your teachers?
Do you use Chrome?
Do you use Facebook for personal communications?
Do you use Facebook?
Do you use Gmail for personal communications?
Do you use Gmail?
Do you use Google?
Do you use Instagram?
Do you use LSD, PCP, or peyote?
Do you use Python?
Do you use Skype for personal communications?
Do you use Skype?
Do you use Tatoeba when you translate?
Do you use Twitter for personal communications?
Do you use Twitter?
Do you use Viber for personal communications?
Do you use Viber?
Do you use Yahoo for personal communications?
Do you use Yahoo?
Do you use YouTube?
Do you use a deodorant?
Do you use a lot of open source software?
Do you use a solvent?
Do you use a sponge when you take a bath?
Do you use a word processor?
Do you use aftershave lotion?
Do you use aftershave?
Do you use all this stuff?
Do you use any illegal substances?
Do you use any method of birth control?
Do you use art to communicate messages?
Do you use bath salts?
Do you use benzodiazepines like Klonopin, Ativan, and Xanax, that are not prescribed to you?
Do you use birth control every time you engage in sexual activity?
Do you use cocaine or crack?
Do you use contact lenses?
Do you use current technology?
Do you use deodorant?
Do you use emojis a lot?
Do you use fingernail clippers to cut your toenails?
Do you use heroin or methadone?
Do you use ketamine?
Do you use kratom?
Do you use magic?
Do you use marijuana?
Do you use methamphetamines?
Do you use moisturizer?
Do you use mouthwash?
Do you use nail clippers to cut your toenails?
Do you use opiates like morphine, Percocet, Vicodin, and OxyContin, that are not prescribed to you?
Do you use plastic cooking utensils?
Do you use solar panels?
Do you use spice or K2?
Do you use the Berber language in your everyday life?
Do you use the Berber language with your students?
Do you use the Berber language with your teachers?
Do you use the dictionary for translation?
Do you use the modes of public transportation?
Do you use the solvent?
Do you use this dictionary for translating?
Do you use this?
Do you use traveller's cheques?
Do you usually carry a lunch?
Do you usually do that by yourself?
Do you usually do that by yourselves?
Do you usually do that on Mondays?
Do you usually drink a lot of beer?
Do you usually drink a lot of water?
Do you usually eat bread all day?
Do you usually eat breakfast before seven?
Do you usually eat breakfast?
Do you usually eat dessert?
Do you usually eat lunch with your friends?
Do you usually eat more than five slices of pizza a month?
Do you usually eat pancakes with butter and syrup?
Do you usually eat rice for breakfast?
Do you usually finish work at 5:30 p.m.?
Do you usually get up early?
Do you usually go hiking on weekends?
Do you usually go see plays?
Do you usually go to the country in the summer?
Do you usually have snow on the ground on Christmas Day where you live?
Do you usually have tea for breakfast?
Do you usually listen to music while you're cleaning your house?
Do you usually look at the sky?
Do you usually pray?
Do you usually put honey or stevia in your tea?
Do you usually put mustard on a ham and cheese sandwich?
Do you usually remember your dreams entirely?
Do you usually sleep on airplanes?
Do you usually study after dinner?
Do you usually take a bath before dinner or after dinner?
Do you usually take an afternoon nap?
Do you usually talk to Tom in French?
Do you usually travel alone?
Do you usually turn on the TV as soon as you get home?
Do you usually use a pick when you play the guitar?
Do you usually walk home?
Do you usually watch the World Cup?
Do you usually watch the evening news?
Do you usually wear a bike helmet?
Do you usually wear a hat?
Do you usually wear a tie to work?
Do you usually wear a watch?
Do you usually wear glasses?
Do you usually write to Tom in French?
Do you value cooperation?
Do you value creativity in your work?
Do you value intellectual challenges?
Do you value loyalty above all else?
Do you value loyalty above all?
Do you value shared success?
Do you value trust above everything else?
Do you value your hide?
Do you visit here often?
Do you visit this place often?
Do you visit your grandparents every week?
Do you volunteer?
Do you vote for or against?
Do you walk every other day?
Do you walk hand in hand?
Do you walk home often?
Do you walk or cycle to school?
Do you walk to school every day?
Do you walk to school or do you take the bus?
Do you walk to school, or do you cycle?
Do you walk to school?
Do you walk with quiet resolve?
Do you walk with the quiet of the dawn?
Do you walk your dog every day?
Do you walk?
Do you wanna bet?
Do you wanna come over to my place?
Do you wanna come to the riverside with me tomorrow?
Do you wanna come visit us?
Do you wanna come with me?
Do you wanna crash at my place?
Do you wanna fuck?
Do you wanna get yourself killed?!?
Do you wanna go out with me tonight?
Do you wanna go see them by yourself?
Do you wanna hang out?
Do you wanna play?
Do you wanna quit?
Do you wanna sacrifice something?
Do you wanna see a real live magic show?
Do you wanna share it?
Do you wanna sleep?
Do you wanna talk?
Do you wanna trade some of your bread?
Do you wanna try getting down this big slide?
Do you wanna try going in?
Do you want Catalonia to become an independent state in the form of a republic?
Do you want Chinese food?
Do you want Chinese?
Do you want Mary punished for what she did?
Do you want Mary to do that by herself?
Do you want Robert to like you?
Do you want Tom and Mary to do that by themselves?
Do you want Tom back or not?
Do you want Tom back?
Do you want Tom punished for what he did?
Do you want Tom there?
Do you want Tom to accompany you?
Do you want Tom to be good or don't you?
Do you want Tom to buy that for you?
Do you want Tom to come back?
Do you want Tom to do that by himself?
Do you want Tom to do that for you?
Do you want Tom to do that?
Do you want Tom to go to Australia?
Do you want Tom to go to Boston?
Do you want Tom to have lunch with us?
Do you want Tom to help you?
Do you want Tom to help?
Do you want Tom to know about it?
Do you want Tom to know about this?
Do you want Tom to spend Christmas with us?
Do you want Tom to stay?
Do you want Tom to wait?
Do you want Tom to win?
Do you want Tom?
Do you want a Caesar salad?
Do you want a Cookie?
Do you want a Kabyle dress, too?
Do you want a T-shirt?
Do you want a bag?
Do you want a banana, by any chance?
Do you want a banana?
Do you want a bath?
Do you want a beer?
Do you want a belt with a leather strap?
Do you want a bike?
Do you want a bit of milk?
Do you want a bit?
Do you want a bite?
Do you want a boiled egg for breakfast?
Do you want a book on French?
Do you want a brandy?
Do you want a cab?
Do you want a calculator?
Do you want a car?
Do you want a chocolate bar?
Do you want a chocolate chip cookie?
Do you want a clean fork?
Do you want a cocktail?
Do you want a coffee?
Do you want a cold beer?
Do you want a cookie or something?
Do you want a cookie?
Do you want a cough sweet for your hoarse throat?
Do you want a couple of minutes?
Do you want a cuddle?
Do you want a cup of coffee?
Do you want a cup of milk?
Do you want a cup of tea?
Do you want a demonstration?
Do you want a dinosaur to eat?
Do you want a doctor?
Do you want a drink of water?
Do you want a drink or not?
Do you want a drink?
Do you want a drop of milk?
Do you want a few more minutes?
Do you want a fizzy drink?
Do you want a foot massage?
Do you want a glass of milk?
Do you want a glass of orange juice?
Do you want a glass of soda?
Do you want a glass of water?
Do you want a glass? There is one on the table.
Do you want a glass? There's one on the table.
Do you want a hamburger?
Do you want a hand?
Do you want a hot dog?
Do you want a hot sandwich?
Do you want a hug?
Do you want a job?
Do you want a lawyer?
Do you want a lift home?
Do you want a lift into town?
Do you want a lift?
Do you want a list?
Do you want a little bit of sugar?
Do you want a little cake?
Do you want a little company?
Do you want a massage?
Do you want a meal?
Do you want a new world to live in, mirror of your deepest and most truthful desires?
Do you want a pancake?
Do you want a part in the film?
Do you want a pear or an apple?
Do you want a piece of cake?
Do you want a piece of candy?
Do you want a piece of gum?
Do you want a piece of toast?
Do you want a piece?
Do you want a pint?
Do you want a plastic or paper bag?
Do you want a pony?
Do you want a pretzel?
Do you want a prune?
Do you want a punch?
Do you want a puppy?
Do you want a reason?
Do you want a receipt?
Do you want a reconditioned or a remanufactured tote ?
Do you want a refill?
Do you want a ride home?
Do you want a ride to the shop?
Do you want a ride to the store?
Do you want a ride?
Do you want a salad?
Do you want a sandwich?
Do you want a seat by the window?
Do you want a second opinion?
Do you want a second opinion? I can get another doctor to come here right away.
Do you want a shave?
Do you want a single room?
Do you want a sip of water?
Do you want a sip?
Do you want a six-pack or twelve-pack?
Do you want a slice of cake?
Do you want a slice of pizza?
Do you want a slice of toast?
Do you want a slice?
Do you want a small oven?
Do you want a small wedding or a large one?
Do you want a smaller size?
Do you want a smoothie?
Do you want a snack?
Do you want a snail in your eye?
Do you want a soda?
Do you want a spot of coffee?
Do you want a strawberry? Here, take the one that pleases you most.
Do you want a taste?
Do you want a thick piece or a thin piece?
Do you want a throat lozenge for your croaky throat?
Do you want a ticket?
Do you want a tray with that?
Do you want a trim?
Do you want a turkey sandwich?
Do you want a vegetarian pizza?
Do you want a water cup?
Do you want all of us to go to jail?
Do you want all or half of it?
Do you want all that food for yourself, Tom?
Do you want also the bucket?
Do you want an apple?
Do you want an autograph?
Do you want an economy-size car?
Do you want an example?
Do you want an extra blanket?
Do you want an iPhone?
Do you want an oatmeal cookie?
Do you want an olive?
Do you want an orange?
Do you want an umbrella?
Do you want another beer?
Do you want another blanket?
Do you want another cup of coffee?
Do you want another cup of tea?
Do you want another glass of fruit punch?
Do you want another glass of wine?
Do you want another one of these?
Do you want another one?
Do you want another piece of cake?
Do you want another piece of pie?
Do you want another sandwich?
Do you want another slice of pumpkin pie, or some coffee instead?
Do you want any help, Tom?
Do you want any of these books?
Do you want any of these flowers?
Do you want any of this stuff?
Do you want any?
Do you want anything besides coffee?
Do you want anything else?
Do you want anything for breakfast?
Do you want anything from the bakery?
Do you want anything from the store?
Do you want anything from the supermarket?
Do you want anything from the vending machine?
Do you want anything in particular?
Do you want anything special?
Do you want anything to drink?
Do you want anything to eat?
Do you want anything, Tom?
Do you want anything?
Do you want apple or peach?
Do you want apples or peaches?
Do you want bacon and eggs for breakfast?
Do you want beef or pork?
Do you want bread with cheese or bread with honey?
Do you want bread with it?
Do you want bread?
Do you want breakfast?
Do you want cheese in your eggs?
Do you want cheese on your salad?
Do you want cheese?
Do you want chicken fingers?
Do you want children?
Do you want chips with that?
Do you want chocolate chip cookies?
Do you want chocolate ice cream, strawberry ice cream or vanilla ice cream?
Do you want coffee now or later?
Do you want coffee or tea or something?
Do you want coffee or tea?
Do you want coffee with your breakfast?
Do you want coffee?
Do you want cold food?
Do you want cotton buds?
Do you want cream?
Do you want dessert?
Do you want dinner? Or a bath? Or maybe you want me?
Do you want dry cleaning or regular wash?
Do you want eggs?
Do you want everyone to see you like this?
Do you want evidence?
Do you want feedback?
Do you want fish?
Do you want food?
Do you want free books? Well, hurry over!
Do you want french fries with that?
Do you want fresh ground pepper on your salad?
Do you want fried eggs with bacon for breakfast?
Do you want fries with that?
Do you want fruit juice?
Do you want fruit?
Do you want gingerbread cookies?
Do you want gravy?
Do you want gruel?
Do you want gum for your ears?
Do you want half and half?
Do you want half of this cake?
Do you want help with that?
Do you want help?
Do you want her back or not?
Do you want her number?
Do you want her there?
Do you want her to help you?
Do you want her to help?
Do you want her to know about it?
Do you want her to stay?
Do you want her to wait?
Do you want her?
Do you want him back or not?
Do you want him there?
Do you want him to help you?
Do you want him to help?
Do you want him to know about it?
Do you want him to stay?
Do you want him to wait?
Do you want him?
Do you want honey?
Do you want hot or cold tea?
Do you want hot sauce?
Do you want ice cream?
Do you want in on this?
Do you want in or not?
Do you want it back now or later?
Do you want it by itself or with milk?
Do you want it gift wrapped?
Do you want it in banknotes or in small change?
Do you want it now?
Do you want it or not?
Do you want it?
Do you want it? Then buy it.
Do you want ivy?
Do you want jewelry?
Do you want journalists to just sit and shut up?
Do you want kids?
Do you want lemon?
Do you want lemonade later?
Do you want mashed potato?
Do you want mashed potatoes?
Do you want massage?
Do you want me beg?
Do you want me in your life?
Do you want me tell you what needs to be done?
Do you want me tell you what to do next?
Do you want me tell you what's going on?
Do you want me there?
Do you want me to answer?
Do you want me to applaud you?
Do you want me to ask Tom about that?
Do you want me to ask Tom to buy that for you?
Do you want me to ask Tom to do that for you?
Do you want me to ask Tom to do that?
Do you want me to ask Tom to help you?
Do you want me to ask Tom?
Do you want me to ask her to call you back later?
Do you want me to ask her to contact you later?
Do you want me to ask her?
Do you want me to ask him?
Do you want me to ask them?
Do you want me to bake some bread?
Do you want me to be frank?
Do you want me to be happy?
Do you want me to be your bodyguard?
Do you want me to be your boyfriend?
Do you want me to beg for my life?
Do you want me to beg you?
Do you want me to beg?
Do you want me to believe that there will be no music festival with foreign guests in Italy this summer?
Do you want me to believe that?
Do you want me to believe this?
Do you want me to bring my guitar?
Do you want me to bring you a glass of water?
Do you want me to bring you anything?
Do you want me to bring you some water?
Do you want me to bring you something to eat?
Do you want me to butter your toast for you?
Do you want me to buy a sandwich for you?
Do you want me to buy anything for you while I'm at the supermarket?
Do you want me to buy that for you?
Do you want me to buy that?
Do you want me to buy this for you?
Do you want me to buy you a drink?
Do you want me to buy you a sandwich?
Do you want me to call Tom?
Do you want me to call a doctor?
Do you want me to call an ambulance?
Do you want me to call and see if I can get you an appointment?
Do you want me to call back?
Do you want me to call her myself?
Do you want me to call her?
Do you want me to call him myself?
Do you want me to call him?
Do you want me to call the police?
Do you want me to call them?
Do you want me to call you a taxi?
Do you want me to carry that for you?
Do you want me to carry you?
Do you want me to check again?
Do you want me to close the window?
Do you want me to comb your hair?
Do you want me to come along?
Do you want me to come and get you?
Do you want me to come and keep you company?
Do you want me to come and pick you up?
Do you want me to come back later?
Do you want me to come back?
Do you want me to come cook you something?
Do you want me to come in with you?
Do you want me to come next Monday?
Do you want me to come over?
Do you want me to come right over?
Do you want me to come to Belgium to spend my vacation with you?
Do you want me to come to Japan to see you?
Do you want me to come with you?
Do you want me to come?
Do you want me to confess to the murder?
Do you want me to continue doing this?
Do you want me to continue?
Do you want me to count these?
Do you want me to decide?
Do you want me to do anything else for you?
Do you want me to do anything else?
Do you want me to do anything?
Do you want me to do it again?
Do you want me to do it?
Do you want me to do something?
Do you want me to do that again?
Do you want me to do that for you?
Do you want me to do that what I didn't do?
Do you want me to do that with you?
Do you want me to do that?
Do you want me to drive you home?
Do you want me to drive you to the airport?
Do you want me to drive?
Do you want me to drop by tomorrow?
Do you want me to drop by?
Do you want me to explain again?
Do you want me to explain it again?
Do you want me to explain it to you again?
Do you want me to explain it to you?
Do you want me to explain that to you?
Do you want me to explain this again?
Do you want me to explain to you how that works?
Do you want me to explain?
Do you want me to fight Tom?
Do you want me to find you something to read?
Do you want me to finish it?
Do you want me to fix the problem?
Do you want me to fix you up with Tom?
Do you want me to fix you up with him?
Do you want me to fix your broken shovel or don't you?
Do you want me to follow Tom?
Do you want me to follow you?
Do you want me to get Tom to buy that for you?
Do you want me to get Tom to do that for you?
Do you want me to get Tom to do that today?
Do you want me to get Tom to do that?
Do you want me to get a doctor?
Do you want me to get rid of this?
Do you want me to get that for you?
Do you want me to get you a pillow?
Do you want me to get you a ticket for the concert?
Do you want me to get you a ticket?
Do you want me to get you another beer?
Do you want me to get you some lemonade while you're doing that?
Do you want me to get you some water?
Do you want me to get you something else?
Do you want me to get you something to drink?
Do you want me to get you something to eat?
Do you want me to give Tom something?
Do you want me to give you a hand?
Do you want me to give you a massage?
Do you want me to give you a ride?
Do you want me to give you mine?
Do you want me to give you money?
Do you want me to give you the good news or the bad news first?
Do you want me to go and get a doctor?
Do you want me to go and have a word with him?
Do you want me to go away?
Do you want me to go home?
Do you want me to go now?
Do you want me to go or not?
Do you want me to go talk to Tom myself?
Do you want me to go to Australia with you?
Do you want me to go to Boston with you?
Do you want me to go to Boston?
Do you want me to go up there?
Do you want me to go with Tom?
Do you want me to go with her?
Do you want me to go with him?
Do you want me to go with them?
Do you want me to go with you?
Do you want me to go without you?
Do you want me to go?
Do you want me to guess?
Do you want me to handle this?
Do you want me to hate you?
Do you want me to heat the coffee or what?
Do you want me to help Tom?
Do you want me to help her?
Do you want me to help him?
Do you want me to help them?
Do you want me to help this time?
Do you want me to help you carry your suitcases?
Do you want me to help you clean up?
Do you want me to help you clean your garage?
Do you want me to help you clean your kitchen?
Do you want me to help you clean your room?
Do you want me to help you count this money?
Do you want me to help you do that?
Do you want me to help you escape?
Do you want me to help you find Tom?
Do you want me to help you get up there?
Do you want me to help you look after Tom?
Do you want me to help you look for your keys?
Do you want me to help you move the couch?
Do you want me to help you move the sofa?
Do you want me to help you move?
Do you want me to help you or not?
Do you want me to help you organize your books?
Do you want me to help you take care of Tom?
Do you want me to help you unpack?
Do you want me to help you up?
Do you want me to help you wash the dishes?
Do you want me to help you with that?
Do you want me to help you with the cooking?
Do you want me to help you with your homework?
Do you want me to help you with your suitcases?
Do you want me to help you?
Do you want me to help?
Do you want me to hold your hand?
Do you want me to inform Tom about our decision?
Do you want me to install it for you?
Do you want me to invite Tom?
Do you want me to invite him?
Do you want me to invite you?
Do you want me to just always tell you what you want to hear?
Do you want me to just call Tom up and tell him that we can't come?
Do you want me to just ignore it?
Do you want me to keep Tom and Mary company?
Do you want me to kiss you, or would you rather kiss me?
Do you want me to kiss you?
Do you want me to learn English for the competition on Wednesday?
Do you want me to leave Tom alone?
Do you want me to leave a light on for you?
Do you want me to leave my tools here with you?
Do you want me to leave now?
Do you want me to leave or to stay?
Do you want me to leave the light on?
Do you want me to leave you alone?
Do you want me to leave you here?
Do you want me to leave?
Do you want me to lie, or tell you the truth?
Do you want me to lock the door?
Do you want me to look into that matter?
Do you want me to lose my job?
Do you want me to make coffee?
Do you want me to make copies?
Do you want me to make spaghetti?
Do you want me to make the decision for you?
Do you want me to make you a sandwich?
Do you want me to make you dinner?
Do you want me to make you something to eat?
Do you want me to make you waffles?
Do you want me to massage your shoulders?
Do you want me to open a window?
Do you want me to open it?
Do you want me to open the box?
Do you want me to open the door for you?
Do you want me to open the window?
Do you want me to open the windows?
Do you want me to open this now?
Do you want me to paint you?
Do you want me to paint your fingernails?
Do you want me to pay in advance?
Do you want me to pay now?
Do you want me to peel the potatoes?
Do you want me to pick up Tom after school?
Do you want me to pick up anything at the supermarket?
Do you want me to pick you up after work?
Do you want me to pick you up after your shift?
Do you want me to pick you up at the airport?
Do you want me to pick you up at the bus station?
Do you want me to pick you up?
Do you want me to point out any mistakes you make?
Do you want me to put Tom to bed?
Do you want me to put him on the phone?
Do you want me to put it over there?
Do you want me to put some flowers in your hair?
Do you want me to put that in the trunk for you?
Do you want me to put this on the table?
Do you want me to quit?
Do you want me to read it?
Do you want me to read this out loud to you?
Do you want me to read you a story?
Do you want me to read you some more verses of the Quran?
Do you want me to refill your tea?
Do you want me to repeat that?
Do you want me to repeat the question?
Do you want me to rub your back?
Do you want me to rub your shoulders?
Do you want me to run the dishwasher?
Do you want me to save you some couscous?
Do you want me to say I'm sorry?
Do you want me to say it in Berber?
Do you want me to say something?
Do you want me to say that I won't keep seeing Mary?
Do you want me to say that I'll stop seeing Mary?
Do you want me to say that I'm sorry?
Do you want me to see what I can find out?
Do you want me to send you money?
Do you want me to set you up with someone?
Do you want me to show you anything?
Do you want me to show you how it's done?
Do you want me to show you how to do it?
Do you want me to show you how to do that?
Do you want me to show you something?
Do you want me to show you the pictures again?
Do you want me to show you the plan?
Do you want me to shuffle the cards?
Do you want me to shut the door?
Do you want me to sing a song while petting your forehead with a spoon?
Do you want me to sing you a lullaby while petting you?
Do you want me to sing you a lullaby?
Do you want me to sing?
Do you want me to speak in Finnish or in English?
Do you want me to spell it out?
Do you want me to spy on Tom for you?
Do you want me to start again?
Do you want me to start?
Do you want me to stay here?
Do you want me to stay or do you want me to go?
Do you want me to stay or don't you?
Do you want me to stay with Tom?
Do you want me to stay with you?
Do you want me to stay?
Do you want me to stick around?
Do you want me to stop?
Do you want me to take Tom to the mall with me?
Do you want me to take a look at it?
Do you want me to take care of it?
Do you want me to take care of that matter?
Do you want me to take care of your dog?
Do you want me to take my shoes off?
Do you want me to take over?
Do you want me to take you home?
Do you want me to take you there?
Do you want me to take you to hospital?
Do you want me to take you to the doctor?
Do you want me to take you to the hospital?
Do you want me to take you to the station?
Do you want me to take your picture?
Do you want me to take your place?
Do you want me to talk to Tom about that?
Do you want me to talk to Tom about what's going to happen?
Do you want me to talk to Tom?
Do you want me to talk to her?
Do you want me to talk to him?
Do you want me to talk to them?
Do you want me to teach Tom karate?
Do you want me to teach you how to do that?
Do you want me to teach you some swear words?
Do you want me to teach you that song?
Do you want me to teach you?
Do you want me to tell Mary that we won't do that unless she helps us?
Do you want me to tell Tom and Mary that we won't do that unless they help us?
Do you want me to tell Tom that we won't do anymore?
Do you want me to tell Tom that we won't do it?
Do you want me to tell Tom that we won't do that again?
Do you want me to tell Tom that we won't do that by ourselves?
Do you want me to tell Tom that we won't do that unless he helps us?
Do you want me to tell Tom that we won't do that?
Do you want me to tell Tom that?
Do you want me to tell Tom?
Do you want me to tell her?
Do you want me to tell him?
Do you want me to tell the police?
Do you want me to tell the truth?
Do you want me to tell them?
Do you want me to tell you a joke?
Do you want me to tell you a story?
Do you want me to tell you exactly what I ate?
Do you want me to tell you exactly what I did?
Do you want me to tell you exactly what I felt?
Do you want me to tell you how it happened?
Do you want me to tell you how to do that?
Do you want me to tell you the story of the bald rooster?
Do you want me to tell you the truth?
Do you want me to tell you what I really think?
Do you want me to tell you what I think you should do with it?
Do you want me to tell you what I think you should do?
Do you want me to tell you what I think?
Do you want me to tell you what I'm expecting?
Do you want me to tell you what Tom did?
Do you want me to tell you what causes that?
Do you want me to tell you what happened?
Do you want me to tell you what that is?
Do you want me to tell you what this is about?
Do you want me to tell you what you did wrong?
Do you want me to tell you what you're doing wrong?
Do you want me to tell you what'll happen?
Do you want me to tell you what's happening?
Do you want me to tell you why?
Do you want me to throw it away?
Do you want me to throw that away?
Do you want me to tighten your belt?
Do you want me to translate it for you?
Do you want me to translate that for you?
Do you want me to translate?
Do you want me to try doing that again?
Do you want me to try doing that?
Do you want me to try it again?
Do you want me to try it?
Do you want me to try talking to Tom?
Do you want me to try talking to her?
Do you want me to try talking to him?
Do you want me to try to do that?
Do you want me to turn off the light?
Do you want me to turn off the lights?
Do you want me to turn on the light?
Do you want me to turn the light off?
Do you want me to unbutton your shirt?
Do you want me to wait for you?
Do you want me to wait here?
Do you want me to wait until you come for me?
Do you want me to wait?
Do you want me to walk with you?
Do you want me to walk you home?
Do you want me to walk you to the station?
Do you want me to walk you up?
Do you want me to warm it up?
Do you want me to wash it?
Do you want me to wash the lettuce?
Do you want me to watch Tom for you?
Do you want me to water your flowers while you're away?
Do you want me to wrap it up as a gift?
Do you want me to wrap them up as a gift?
Do you want me to write it down?
Do you want milk and sugar?
Do you want milk in it?
Do you want milk in your coffee?
Do you want milk in your tea?
Do you want milk?
Do you want money?
Do you want more bread with your meal?
Do you want more coffee?
Do you want more food?
Do you want more free time in your daily life?
Do you want more free time in your everyday life?
Do you want more fruit?
Do you want more ice cream?
Do you want more ice?
Do you want more milk in your coffee?
Do you want more money?
Do you want more octopus?
Do you want more of it?
Do you want more of this?
Do you want more pasta?
Do you want more sugar in your coffee?
Do you want more than that?
Do you want more wine?
Do you want more?
Do you want mustard on your hot dog?
Do you want my WhatsApp?
Do you want my address?
Do you want my advice?
Do you want my autograph?
Do you want my card?
Do you want my dogs?
Do you want my email address?
Do you want my help or not?
Do you want my help?
Do you want my honest opinion?
Do you want my hotdog? I can't eat another.
Do you want my job?
Do you want my opinion?
Do you want my phone number, too?
Do you want my phone number?
Do you want my pickle?
Do you want my picture?
Do you want my wiener? I can't eat another.
Do you want nuts or cheese?
Do you want oil?
Do you want olives on your pizza?
Do you want one apple or two?
Do you want one of them as well?
Do you want one of them, too?
Do you want one of them?
Do you want one of these books?
Do you want one of these?
Do you want one or two?
Do you want one?
Do you want our business to fail?
Do you want our help or don't you?
Do you want pancakes?
Do you want parmesan cheese?
Do you want people to think you're weak?
Do you want pepper on it?
Do you want pepper?
Do you want pizza or not?
Do you want popcorn?
Do you want proof?
Do you want red or white wine with your meal?
Do you want rice?
Do you want sauce with the meat?
Do you want seconds?
Do you want sharia to be implemented in your country?
Do you want small bills or large?
Do you want small notes or large?
Do you want so much to surpass me?
Do you want some advice from me? Don't tell the police anything.
Do you want some advice?
Do you want some aspirin?
Do you want some bacon and eggs?
Do you want some bacon?
Do you want some beer?
Do you want some bourbon?
Do you want some breakfast, darling?
Do you want some breakfast?
Do you want some cake, too?
Do you want some cake?
Do you want some candy?
Do you want some cereal?
Do you want some change?
Do you want some cheese?
Do you want some cheesecake?
Do you want some cherry pie?
Do you want some chestnuts?
Do you want some chicken?
Do you want some chips?
Do you want some chocolate ice cream?
Do you want some chocolate?
Do you want some coffee or something?
Do you want some coffee?
Do you want some company?
Do you want some couscous?
Do you want some cranberry juice?
Do you want some dessert?
Do you want some diced Anjou pears?
Do you want some diced Beurré d'Anjou pears?
Do you want some diced D'Anjou pears?
Do you want some dinner?
Do you want some drama in your life? Then, call on me to give it to you.
Do you want some food?
Do you want some free advice?
Do you want some fries with it?
Do you want some fries?
Do you want some fruit juice?
Do you want some grapes?
Do you want some gum?
Do you want some halva with raisins?
Do you want some help or not?
Do you want some help?
Do you want some honey?
Do you want some hot chocolate?
Do you want some ice cream?
Do you want some ice cubes?
Do you want some ice?
Do you want some iced tea?
Do you want some juice?
Do you want some lunch, Ziri?
Do you want some milk?
Do you want some more OJ?
Do you want some more apple juice?
Do you want some more bacon?
Do you want some more cake?
Do you want some more coffee?
Do you want some more milk?
Do you want some more of this?
Do you want some more orange juice?
Do you want some more pizza?
Do you want some more rice?
Do you want some more sauce?
Do you want some more soup?
Do you want some more tea?
Do you want some more time?
Do you want some more wine?
Do you want some more?
Do you want some mulled wine?
Do you want some of my food?
Do you want some of these chips?
Do you want some of these fries?
Do you want some of this?
Do you want some pancakes?
Do you want some peaches?
Do you want some pepper in your hamburger?
Do you want some pepper?
Do you want some pie?
Do you want some pizza?
Do you want some privacy?
Do you want some pudding?
Do you want some pumpkin pie?
Do you want some raisins in your oatmeal?
Do you want some raisins in your porridge?
Do you want some raisins?
Do you want some rice pudding?
Do you want some rice?
Do you want some salad?
Do you want some scrambled eggs?
Do you want some shredded wheat?
Do you want some soda?
Do you want some soup?
Do you want some sugar in your coffee?
Do you want some sugar?
Do you want some tacos?
Do you want some tapioca pudding?
Do you want some tea or some coffee?
Do you want some tea?
Do you want some time to think about it?
Do you want some toast?
Do you want some vodka?
Do you want some water?
Do you want some whip cream on your pie?
Do you want some wine?
Do you want some?
Do you want someone to go with you?
Do you want something bad to happen?
Do you want something cold to drink?
Do you want something else?
Do you want something for the pain?
Do you want something in particular?
Do you want something specific?
Do you want something to do?
Do you want something to drink?
Do you want something to eat before your meeting with Tom?
Do you want something to eat or drink?
Do you want something to eat?
Do you want something to read?
Do you want something to write on?
Do you want something?
Do you want soup?
Do you want spaghetti or hamburgers for dinner?
Do you want sugar in your coffee?
Do you want sugar or milk?
Do you want sugar?
Do you want tea or coffee?
Do you want that on tick?
Do you want that responsibility?
Do you want that soufflé?
Do you want that warmed up?
Do you want that?
Do you want that? If so, I'll buy it for you.
Do you want the best or not ?
Do you want the blue shirt?
Do you want the bread?
Do you want the company to go bankrupt?
Do you want the details now?
Do you want the doctors not to use the machine and let your brother die?
Do you want the doctors to use the machine to make your brother breathe?
Do you want the good news or the bad news first?
Do you want the good news or the bad news?
Do you want the green or the blue?
Do you want the job or not?
Do you want the job?
Do you want the lights left on?
Do you want the lights on or off?
Do you want the long version or the short version?
Do you want the red, the blue or the yellow colouring pencil?
Do you want the rest of my sandwich?
Do you want the rest?
Do you want the same thing to happen to Tom?
Do you want the same thing?
Do you want the same things Tom does?
Do you want the same things Tom wants?
Do you want the same things that Tom does?
Do you want the same things that Tom wants?
Do you want the same?
Do you want the tea hot or iced?
Do you want the top bunk or the bottom bunk?
Do you want the top bunk or the bottom one?
Do you want the top or bottom bunk?
Do you want the truth?
Do you want the world to change? Change yourself.
Do you want them back or not?
Do you want them there?
Do you want them to help you?
Do you want them to help?
Do you want them to stay?
Do you want them to wait?
Do you want them?
Do you want these flowers?
Do you want these tickets?
Do you want these?
Do you want this T-shirt?
Do you want this anymore?
Do you want this back or not?
Do you want this back?
Do you want this defeatist propaganda to bring about further deterioration of the situation?
Do you want this dog?
Do you want this done quickly or do you want this done right?
Do you want this door closed?
Do you want this flower?
Do you want this guitar?
Do you want this job or not?
Do you want this job?
Do you want this mission to succeed?
Do you want this octopus to have fewer legs?
Do you want this one or that one?
Do you want this or don't you?
Do you want this or not?
Do you want this present delivered?
Do you want this puppy?
Do you want this room painted, too?
Do you want this shirt?
Do you want this to happen to you, too?
Do you want this watch mended?
Do you want this window opened?
Do you want this?
Do you want those chocolates?
Do you want to Romanize your language? Maybe, you should.
Do you want to accept Islam?
Do you want to accompany me?
Do you want to act in a movie?
Do you want to add avocado to the salad?
Do you want to answer my question, yes or no?
Do you want to answer or not?
Do you want to argue about it?
Do you want to argue again?
Do you want to arm wrestle?
Do you want to ask anyone else a question?
Do you want to ask me a question?
Do you want to ask me any questions?
Do you want to ask me some questions?
Do you want to ask me something else?
Do you want to bathe?
Do you want to be a Muslim?
Do you want to be a bartender all your life?
Do you want to be a doctor?
Do you want to be a famous actor when you grow up?
Do you want to be a father?
Do you want to be a flower girl?
Do you want to be a great ruler? Rule over yourself.
Do you want to be a parent someday?
Do you want to be a princess?
Do you want to be a professional at work?
Do you want to be a star?
Do you want to be a writer?
Do you want to be alone?
Do you want to be an actor in a movie?
Do you want to be an astronaut?
Do you want to be beautiful?
Do you want to be famous?
Do you want to be first, Tom?
Do you want to be friends?
Do you want to be going home now?
Do you want to be happier?
Do you want to be here?
Do you want to be left alone?
Do you want to be left out?
Do you want to be like that?
Do you want to be locked up for the rest of your life?
Do you want to be loved by God?
Do you want to be more effective?
Do you want to be more productive?
Do you want to be my apprentice?
Do you want to be my date?
Do you want to be my friend?
Do you want to be my girlfriend?
Do you want to be my girlfriend? □ Yes. □ No. □ Maybe.
Do you want to be my partner?
Do you want to be my servant and follow me?
Do you want to be my wife?
Do you want to be near Tom?
Do you want to be near her?
Do you want to be near him?
Do you want to be near them?
Do you want to be off home now?
Do you want to be on my team again?
Do you want to be on the promotion track?
Do you want to be one of them?
Do you want to be rich?
Do you want to be stuck here for the rest of your life?
Do you want to be the one who does the negotiating?
Do you want to be the spokesman of our group?
Do you want to be the spokesperson of our group?
Do you want to be wise or to appear to be wise?
Do you want to be with me or not?
Do you want to be with your wife again?
Do you want to become a Muslim?
Do you want to become a cardinal?
Do you want to become a father?
Do you want to become a witch?
Do you want to become an astronaut?
Do you want to become famous?
Do you want to become financially independent?
Do you want to become fluent in Berber?
Do you want to become fluent in French?
Do you want to become friends?
Do you want to become internet friends?
Do you want to believe it?
Do you want to bet on that?
Do you want to bet?
Do you want to board your flight early?
Do you want to book a trip to Australia?
Do you want to bring your family to Germany?
Do you want to build a snowman?
Do you want to buy a dress?
Do you want to buy a duck?
Do you want to buy a finch?
Do you want to buy a flat?
Do you want to buy a house in Germany?
Do you want to buy a rubber ball?
Do you want to buy a shirt?
Do you want to buy an apartment?
Do you want to buy an umbrella?
Do you want to buy anything?
Do you want to buy it for Tom?
Do you want to buy it or not?
Do you want to buy it?
Do you want to buy me off?
Do you want to buy new furniture for the apartment?
Do you want to buy some eggs for me?
Do you want to buy some milk?
Do you want to buy something or not?
Do you want to buy something?
Do you want to buy that?
Do you want to buy the position with your wealth?
Do you want to buy this or not?
Do you want to buy this?
Do you want to call Tom or do you want me to?
Do you want to call Tom?
Do you want to call me or should I call you?
Do you want to cancel the meeting?
Do you want to cancel your lesson?
Do you want to carve the bird?
Do you want to cause a new outbreak of violence?
Do you want to change the world? Start by adopting a puppy!
Do you want to change your life?
Do you want to change your password?
Do you want to change?
Do you want to chat?
Do you want to clarify that?
Do you want to clean the bathroom again?
Do you want to climb the corporate ladder?
Do you want to climb the mountain?
Do you want to collaborate?
Do you want to color with markers or colored pencils?
Do you want to come along and give it a go?
Do you want to come along for the ride?
Do you want to come along with us?
Do you want to come along?
Do you want to come and hang out?
Do you want to come and sit next to me?
Do you want to come back home?
Do you want to come back to Algeria?
Do you want to come back to my office?
Do you want to come by at lunch?
Do you want to come eat at our house?
Do you want to come in?
Do you want to come inside?
Do you want to come later?
Do you want to come out and play?
Do you want to come out with us tonight?
Do you want to come over after work?
Do you want to come over and play?
Do you want to come over and watch a movie or something?
Do you want to come over and watch a movie with me?
Do you want to come over and watch a movie?
Do you want to come over for dinner tonight?
Do you want to come over here and work with me?
Do you want to come over now?
Do you want to come over to my house?
Do you want to come over to my place and watch Netflix or something?
Do you want to come over to my place and watch a movie or something?
Do you want to come over tonight?
Do you want to come over?
Do you want to come round and watch a film or something?
Do you want to come shopping with me?
Do you want to come shopping with us?
Do you want to come sit by me?
Do you want to come to Boston with me?
Do you want to come to Iɣẓeṛ Amuqṛan?
Do you want to come to a party?
Do you want to come to do the shopping?
Do you want to come to know Brazil?
Do you want to come to my apartment and chill?
Do you want to come to my apartment and hang out?
Do you want to come to my apartment?
Do you want to come to my party?
Do you want to come to my place?
Do you want to come to the mosque?
Do you want to come to the museum with us?
Do you want to come tomorrow?
Do you want to come with me to Saharidj?
Do you want to come with me to this concert?
Do you want to come with me?
Do you want to come with us or not?
Do you want to come with us to Kabylie?
Do you want to come with us?
Do you want to come, too?
Do you want to come?
Do you want to compare yourself with Russia?
Do you want to consider another possibility?
Do you want to continue doing this?
Do you want to continue living like this?
Do you want to continue?
Do you want to contribute something to the program?
Do you want to crash at my place?
Do you want to cuddle a koala? Come to Austria!
Do you want to dance together today?
Do you want to dance together?
Do you want to dance with me today?
Do you want to dance with me?
Do you want to dance?
Do you want to die here?
Do you want to die?
Do you want to discuss it?
Do you want to discuss the problem?
Do you want to do another one?
Do you want to do business or not?
Do you want to do it again?
Do you want to do it right now?
Do you want to do it together?
Do you want to do it with Tom?
Do you want to do it with me?
Do you want to do it?
Do you want to do me a favor?
Do you want to do something about it now?
Do you want to do something after school today?
Do you want to do something after school tonight?
Do you want to do something after school?
Do you want to do something after work tonight?
Do you want to do something after work?
Do you want to do something different?
Do you want to do something else?
Do you want to do something that you love?
Do you want to do something together sometime?
Do you want to do something together?
Do you want to do something tonight?
Do you want to do something?
Do you want to do that again?
Do you want to do that now?
Do you want to do that right now?
Do you want to do that today?
Do you want to do that together?
Do you want to do that tomorrow?
Do you want to do that with me?
Do you want to do that with us?
Do you want to do that, too?
Do you want to do that?
Do you want to do the dishes or fold the laundry?
Do you want to do the honors?
Do you want to do this again sometime?
Do you want to do this alone?
Do you want to do this later?
Do you want to do this now?
Do you want to do this or not?
Do you want to do this?
Do you want to donate money to those in need?
Do you want to drink a glass of wine?
Do you want to drink a perfect cocktail?
Do you want to drink anything?
Do you want to drink coffee or tea?
Do you want to drink coffee?
Do you want to drink some beer?
Do you want to drink some coffee?
Do you want to drink some tea?
Do you want to drink some water?
Do you want to drink something?
Do you want to drink tea or coffee?
Do you want to drink wine?
Do you want to drink?
Do you want to drive me crazy?
Do you want to drive the tractor?
Do you want to drive?
Do you want to earn a lot of money?
Do you want to eat French, Japanese or Chinese food?
Do you want to eat an egg?
Do you want to eat anything?
Do you want to eat chocolate chip cookies?
Do you want to eat dinner with me tomorrow, at my house?
Do you want to eat dinner with me?
Do you want to eat garbanzo beans?
Do you want to eat lunch here or in the kitchen?
Do you want to eat lunch now?
Do you want to eat lunch together?
Do you want to eat lunch with me, or go home?
Do you want to eat meat today?
Do you want to eat meatballs?
Do you want to eat moussaka?
Do you want to eat noodles or rice?
Do you want to eat noodles or rice? Do you want to drink fruit juice or coffee?
Do you want to eat now or later?
Do you want to eat now or not?
Do you want to eat now?
Do you want to eat out today?
Do you want to eat out tonight?
Do you want to eat prawns?
Do you want to eat rice with me?
Do you want to eat some ice cream?
Do you want to eat some pudding?
Do you want to eat something before the concert?
Do you want to eat something before we leave?
Do you want to eat something else?
Do you want to eat something, Laurie?
Do you want to eat something?
Do you want to eat steak tonight?
Do you want to eat this cake?
Do you want to eat this?
Do you want to eat with us?
Do you want to eat?
Do you want to embarrass me in front of my friends?
Do you want to emigrate to Switzerland?
Do you want to end up like Tom?
Do you want to end up like her?
Do you want to end up like him?
Do you want to end up like me?
Do you want to end up like them?
Do you want to end up like us?
Do you want to exchange?
Do you want to explore the rich cultural heritage of Algeria?
Do you want to fall from there?
Do you want to fight me?
Do you want to fight?
Do you want to figure out your purpose in life? Live your passion!
Do you want to file a complaint?
Do you want to fill this form out?
Do you want to find out?
Do you want to get a drink?
Do you want to get a pizza?
Do you want to get a promotion?
Do you want to get ahead in English?
Do you want to get ahead in your career?
Do you want to get along with your co-workers?
Do you want to get away from here?
Do you want to get back together with Tom?
Do you want to get back with Tom?
Do you want to get cut?
Do you want to get drunk?
Do you want to get even with Tom?
Do you want to get expelled from school?
Do you want to get fat?
Do you want to get married and have children?
Do you want to get married first or have a child first?
Do you want to get married first, or have a kid first?
Do you want to get married in the future?
Do you want to get married someday?
Do you want to get married?
Do you want to get one of those?
Do you want to get out of here or not?
Do you want to get out of here?
Do you want to get rich here?
Do you want to get rich?
Do you want to get rid of anything else?
Do you want to get rid of me?
Do you want to get some dinner?
Do you want to get some food?
Do you want to get some lunch?
Do you want to get something to eat?
Do you want to get thin?
Do you want to get to know her?
Do you want to get together after work?
Do you want to get together later?
Do you want to get together this weekend?
Do you want to get us both killed?
Do you want to get your belly button pierced?
Do you want to give a it a shot?
Do you want to give it a go?
Do you want to give it a try?
Do you want to give it another shot?
Do you want to give it another try?
Do you want to give me a heart attack or what?
Do you want to give me the book?
Do you want to give up now after all the time we've put into this?
Do you want to give up?
Do you want to go abroad?
Do you want to go again?
Do you want to go and check?
Do you want to go and get a bite to eat?
Do you want to go and grab a cup of coffee?
Do you want to go and see a film this evening?
Do you want to go and see a film with me?
Do you want to go and watch a game of football?
Do you want to go anywhere else?
Do you want to go anywhere tonight?
Do you want to go back home?
Do you want to go back to Boston?
Do you want to go back to the 1940s?
Do you want to go back to the DDR?
Do you want to go back to the hospital?
Do you want to go back?
Do you want to go bowling?
Do you want to go by train or by bus?
Do you want to go camping with us next weekend?
Do you want to go camping with us?
Do you want to go dancing?
Do you want to go down the slide?
Do you want to go first?
Do you want to go fishing tomorrow?
Do you want to go fishing with me?
Do you want to go fishing?
Do you want to go for a drive?
Do you want to go for a jog with me?
Do you want to go for a run with me?
Do you want to go for a short walk?
Do you want to go for a swim with me?
Do you want to go for a swim?
Do you want to go for a walk along the beach?
Do you want to go for a walk in the park?
Do you want to go for a walk later?
Do you want to go for a walk on the beach under the moonlight?
Do you want to go for a walk with me?
Do you want to go for a walk?
Do you want to go get a cup of coffee and talk?
Do you want to go get a drink?
Do you want to go get a soursop smoothie with me?
Do you want to go get something to eat?
Do you want to go grab a bite somewhere?
Do you want to go grab a hot dog or something?
Do you want to go grab some dinner?
Do you want to go grab some lunch?
Do you want to go have a meal together later?
Do you want to go hiking with us?
Do you want to go home now?
Do you want to go home?
Do you want to go hunting?
Do you want to go in my place?
Do you want to go in?
Do you want to go jogging with me?
Do you want to go jogging?
Do you want to go on a diet with me?
Do you want to go on a picnic with me?
Do you want to go on a road trip?
Do you want to go on a trip with me?
Do you want to go on a walk?
Do you want to go or not?
Do you want to go out and get something to drink?
Do you want to go out and get something to eat?
Do you want to go out and paint the town red?
Do you want to go out and paint the town?
Do you want to go out dancing with me on Saturday night?
Do you want to go out for a bite to eat?
Do you want to go out for a drink tonight?
Do you want to go out for a drink with me?
Do you want to go out for a drink?
Do you want to go out for breakfast?
Do you want to go out for coffee?
Do you want to go out for dinner?
Do you want to go out on a date Friday?
Do you want to go out on a date with Tom?
Do you want to go out or stay at home? Either is OK with me.
Do you want to go out or stay home?
Do you want to go out somewhere?
Do you want to go out this evening?
Do you want to go out to a movie with me on Friday night?
Do you want to go out tonight?
Do you want to go out with me on Friday?
Do you want to go out with me tomorrow night?
Do you want to go out with me tonight?
Do you want to go out with me?
Do you want to go out?
Do you want to go right now?
Do you want to go run around the track with me?
Do you want to go running with me?
Do you want to go see Mom at the hospital with me?
Do you want to go see a movie after dinner tonight?
Do you want to go see a movie or something?
Do you want to go see a movie tonight?
Do you want to go see a movie?
Do you want to go see the game?
Do you want to go shopping with me?
Do you want to go shopping with us this afternoon?
Do you want to go shopping with us?
Do you want to go shopping?
Do you want to go sky diving?
Do you want to go some place else?
Do you want to go someplace else?
Do you want to go someplace?
Do you want to go somewhere else?
Do you want to go somewhere soon?
Do you want to go somewhere tomorrow?
Do you want to go somewhere?
Do you want to go somewhere? Tom's coming, too.
Do you want to go swimming or not?
Do you want to go swimming with me in the lake next to the forest?
Do you want to go swimming with us?
Do you want to go swimming?
Do you want to go swimming? The beach is not far.
Do you want to go tell Tom about this?
Do you want to go there now?
Do you want to go there today?
Do you want to go there with me?
Do you want to go there with us?
Do you want to go there?
Do you want to go through all this pain again?
Do you want to go to Algeria?
Do you want to go to Australia with me?
Do you want to go to Australia with us?
Do you want to go to Australia?
Do you want to go to Boston or not?
Do you want to go to Boston with me?
Do you want to go to Boston with us?
Do you want to go to Boston?
Do you want to go to Chuck's Diner?
Do you want to go to Germany with me?
Do you want to go to Germany?
Do you want to go to Harvard or not?
Do you want to go to Kabylie?
Do you want to go to Starbucks?
Do you want to go to Valencia or Barcelona?
Do you want to go to a Turkish folk music bar tonight?
Do you want to go to a ball game?
Do you want to go to a coffee shop?
Do you want to go to a concert?
Do you want to go to a football match?
Do you want to go to a movie tonight?
Do you want to go to a movie with me?
Do you want to go to a movie?
Do you want to go to a museum with me?
Do you want to go to a party?
Do you want to go to a soccer game?
Do you want to go to bed with me?
Do you want to go to church with me?
Do you want to go to dinner today?
Do you want to go to dinner?
Do you want to go to heaven with me?
Do you want to go to jail?
Do you want to go to karaoke together sometime?
Do you want to go to lunch?
Do you want to go to my room?
Do you want to go to outer space?
Do you want to go to prison for the rest of your life?
Do you want to go to prison?
Do you want to go to school?
Do you want to go to space?
Do you want to go to that concert with me?
Do you want to go to the aquarium?
Do you want to go to the beach this weekend?
Do you want to go to the beach today?
Do you want to go to the cinema or the theater?
Do you want to go to the cinema or the theatre?
Do you want to go to the cinema tomorrow night?
Do you want to go to the cinema tonight?
Do you want to go to the cinema?
Do you want to go to the concert with me?
Do you want to go to the concert with us?
Do you want to go to the gym with me?
Do you want to go to the gym with us?
Do you want to go to the hospital?
Do you want to go to the mall with us?
Do you want to go to the movies or to the theater?
Do you want to go to the movies tomorrow night?
Do you want to go to the movies tomorrow?
Do you want to go to the movies tonight?
Do you want to go to the movies with me? Or have you already planned something?
Do you want to go to the movies?
Do you want to go to the museum with Tom or with Mary?
Do you want to go to the museum?
Do you want to go to the opera with me?
Do you want to go to the park?
Do you want to go to the party?
Do you want to go to the pictures tonight?
Do you want to go to the pictures?
Do you want to go to the rock concert with us?
Do you want to go to the station with me?
Do you want to go to the swimming pool with me tomorrow?
Do you want to go to the zoo this afternoon?
Do you want to go to the zoo with me?
Do you want to go to the zoo with us?
Do you want to go to the zoo?
Do you want to go together, follow or go ahead? You have to know what you want and that you want it.
Do you want to go together?
Do you want to go too?
Do you want to go watch a ball game?
Do you want to go with Tom?
Do you want to go with her?
Do you want to go with him?
Do you want to go with me or Tom?
Do you want to go with me or do you prefer I call you a taxi?
Do you want to go with me?
Do you want to go with them?
Do you want to go with us?
Do you want to go, too?
Do you want to go?
Do you want to grab a beer with me?
Do you want to grab a beer?
Do you want to grab a bite to eat somewhere?
Do you want to grab a bite to eat?
Do you want to grab a coffee sometime?
Do you want to grab a cup of coffee?
Do you want to grab a drink later?
Do you want to grab a drink?
Do you want to grab a quick cup of coffee?
Do you want to grab dinner?
Do you want to grab lunch together?
Do you want to grab lunch?
Do you want to grab something to eat?
Do you want to grow as a professional?
Do you want to grow ivy in your garden?
Do you want to grow your business?
Do you want to hang out at my place?
Do you want to hang out later?
Do you want to hang out with us?
Do you want to hang out?
Do you want to hang with us?
Do you want to harm Tom?
Do you want to have a barbecue this evening?
Do you want to have a cup of tea?
Do you want to have a drink with us?
Do you want to have a drink?
Do you want to have a look at it?
Do you want to have a look?
Do you want to have a party?
Do you want to have a taste?
Do you want to have another beer?
Do you want to have breakfast with me?
Do you want to have breakfast?
Do you want to have children someday?
Do you want to have children?
Do you want to have dinner with me sometime?
Do you want to have dinner with me tomorrow, at my house?
Do you want to have dinner with me tonight?
Do you want to have everything here?
Do you want to have fun?
Do you want to have it washed?
Do you want to have kids someday?
Do you want to have kids?
Do you want to have lots of money?
Do you want to have lunch with me?
Do you want to have more children?
Do you want to have my baby?
Do you want to have sex with me tonight?
Do you want to have some coffee?
Do you want to have some fun?
Do you want to have some tea?
Do you want to have steak tonight?
Do you want to have sushi tonight?
Do you want to have them washed?
Do you want to have these bullseyes in your windshield fixed?
Do you want to hear a joke?
Do you want to hear a scary story?
Do you want to hear about what I did last summer?
Do you want to hear about what Tom did?
Do you want to hear about what we did?
Do you want to hear it?
Do you want to hear me sing?
Do you want to hear more?
Do you want to hear my Berber song?
Do you want to hear my new song?
Do you want to hear my opinion?
Do you want to hear my sincere perspective?
Do you want to hear my story or not?
Do you want to hear my story?
Do you want to hear my theory?
Do you want to hear some more?
Do you want to hear something amusing?
Do you want to hear something funny?
Do you want to hear something interesting?
Do you want to hear the good news or the bad news first?
Do you want to hear the new song I'm working on?
Do you want to hear the news, Yanni?
Do you want to hear the story of my life?
Do you want to hear the truth about this matter?
Do you want to hear the truth?
Do you want to hear this story or not?
Do you want to hear what I think?
Do you want to hear what that person said about you?
Do you want to help me here?
Do you want to help me move to Kabylie?
Do you want to help me or not?
Do you want to help me?
Do you want to help us catch Tom's killer?
Do you want to help us?
Do you want to help?
Do you want to hit me? Go ahead and take your best shot.
Do you want to hold my baby?
Do you want to hold my dog?
Do you want to hold my hand?
Do you want to impress me?
Do you want to install this free browser add-on?
Do you want to invest in Algeria?
Do you want to invite friends over for your birthday?
Do you want to jog with me?
Do you want to join in?
Do you want to join me for lunch?
Do you want to join me?
Do you want to join my group?
Do you want to join our study group?
Do you want to join the special forces?
Do you want to join them?
Do you want to join us for a drink afterwards?
Do you want to join us for a movie?
Do you want to join us for some drinks?
Do you want to join us?
Do you want to keep dating Tom?
Do you want to keep dating her?
Do you want to keep dating him?
Do you want to keep dating them?
Do you want to keep going out with Tom?
Do you want to keep it?
Do you want to keep playing?
Do you want to keep somebody far from you?
Do you want to keep that beautiful smile? Brush your teeth!
Do you want to keep this?
Do you want to keep your hair?
Do you want to kill me?
Do you want to kiss me?
Do you want to know a secret?
Do you want to know about Algeria?
Do you want to know everything about geolinguistics?
Do you want to know his name?
Do you want to know how I became fluent in Berber?
Do you want to know how I did it?
Do you want to know how I did that?
Do you want to know how I feel?
Do you want to know how I helped?
Do you want to know how I learn Berber?
Do you want to know how I learned Berber?
Do you want to know how I learned French?
Do you want to know how Tom became fluent in French?
Do you want to know how Tom did it?
Do you want to know how Tom did that?
Do you want to know how to do that?
Do you want to know how to learn Berber in six months?
Do you want to know how we did that?
Do you want to know how you can help?
Do you want to know how?
Do you want to know if your marriage will be successful?
Do you want to know more?
Do you want to know my first impression of Tom?
Do you want to know my guess?
Do you want to know my secret?
Do you want to know my secret? It's very simple...
Do you want to know my secret? It’s very simple...
Do you want to know or not?
Do you want to know the details?
Do you want to know the future?
Do you want to know the truth about Tom?
Do you want to know the truth?
Do you want to know what I dreamed last night?
Do you want to know what I really think?
Do you want to know what I see?
Do you want to know what I think is going on?
Do you want to know what I think of you?
Do you want to know what I think?
Do you want to know what I would say?
Do you want to know what I'm doing?
Do you want to know what Tom did?
Do you want to know what Tom said?
Do you want to know what Tom told me?
Do you want to know what else I did?
Do you want to know what happened to Tom?
Do you want to know what happens next?
Do you want to know what happens?
Do you want to know what it means?
Do you want to know what my name means?
Do you want to know what really happened?
Do you want to know what the problem is?
Do you want to know what the real problem is?
Do you want to know what this is about?
Do you want to know what this is?
Do you want to know what your problem is?
Do you want to know what's going on?
Do you want to know what's happening?
Do you want to know what's wrong?
Do you want to know when Tom and Mary plan on doing that?
Do you want to know when Tom and Mary plan to do that?
Do you want to know when Tom did that?
Do you want to know when Tom plans on doing that?
Do you want to know when Tom plans to do that?
Do you want to know where you made your mistake?
Do you want to know where your shoes are?
Do you want to know who I am?
Do you want to know who I gave that to?
Do you want to know who I really am?
Do you want to know who I really did that for?
Do you want to know who I really gave that to?
Do you want to know who I was with?
Do you want to know who Tom did that with?
Do you want to know who Tom was?
Do you want to know who did that?
Do you want to know who did this?
Do you want to know who donated the money?
Do you want to know who he is?
Do you want to know who helped?
Do you want to know who is going to be here tomorrow?
Do you want to know who it is?
Do you want to know who she is?
Do you want to know who that boy is?
Do you want to know who that girl is?
Do you want to know who that guy is?
Do you want to know who that man is?
Do you want to know who that woman is?
Do you want to know who those people are?
Do you want to know who won?
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Do you want to know who's going to do that?
Do you want to know who's supposed to do that?
Do you want to know why I did it?
Do you want to know why I did that to Tom?
Do you want to know why I did that?
Do you want to know why I didn't do that?
Do you want to know why I didn't help Tom do that?
Do you want to know why I didn't help Tom?
Do you want to know why I don't like Tom?
Do you want to know why I helped?
Do you want to know why I hit Tom?
Do you want to know why I left early?
Do you want to know why I lied to Tom?
Do you want to know why I quit?
Do you want to know why I wasn't at Tom's party?
Do you want to know why I'm here?
Do you want to know why I'm not going to do that?
Do you want to know why Mary did that by herself?
Do you want to know why Mary didn't do that by herself?
Do you want to know why Tom and Mary are here?
Do you want to know why Tom and Mary aren't here today?
Do you want to know why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Do you want to know why Tom and Mary did that by themselves?
Do you want to know why Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves?
Do you want to know why Tom did that by himself?
Do you want to know why Tom did that?
Do you want to know why Tom didn't do that by himself?
Do you want to know why Tom didn't do that?
Do you want to know why Tom didn't win?
Do you want to know why Tom is here?
Do you want to know why Tom isn't here today?
Do you want to know why Tom isn't here?
Do you want to know why Tom left early?
Do you want to know why Tom left?
Do you want to know why Tom quit going to school?
Do you want to know why Tom quit?
Do you want to know why my wife left me?
Do you want to know why we quarrelled?
Do you want to know why we were arguing?
Do you want to know why you should do that?
Do you want to know why?
Do you want to know?
Do you want to laugh?
Do you want to lead a healthy life?
Do you want to learn Berber?
Do you want to learn Bosnian, Mary?
Do you want to learn Bosnian, Tom?
Do you want to learn English?
Do you want to learn French?
Do you want to learn French? If so, then you've come to the right place.
Do you want to learn German? Then you're in the right place!
Do you want to learn Persian?
Do you want to learn Serbian, Mary?
Do you want to learn Serbian, Tom?
Do you want to learn a little vocabulary?
Do you want to learn how to drive?
Do you want to learn how to overcome depression?
Do you want to learn how to play the xylophone?
Do you want to learn it with Tom?
Do you want to learn more about Algeria?
Do you want to learn more about Islam?
Do you want to learn more about Tom?
Do you want to learn or not?
Do you want to learn rock climbing?
Do you want to learn science with ease? Start off by learning your language.
Do you want to learn something about Tom?
Do you want to learn the Berber language?
Do you want to learn to drive?
Do you want to learn to paint?
Do you want to learn to play guitar?
Do you want to learn to sing?
Do you want to learn to speak English with confidence?
Do you want to leave Boston?
Do you want to leave Tom a message?
Do you want to leave a message?
Do you want to leave here?
Do you want to leave it like that?
Do you want to leave now?
Do you want to leave right away?
Do you want to leave soon?
Do you want to leave soonish?
Do you want to leave this place?
Do you want to leave today?
Do you want to leave tomorrow?
Do you want to leave with Tom?
Do you want to leave with her?
Do you want to leave with him?
Do you want to leave with them?
Do you want to leave your bag in the trunk?
Do you want to leave?
Do you want to let me talk or not?
Do you want to lick the beaters?
Do you want to listen to music?
Do you want to listen to some music?
Do you want to listen to some of my music?
Do you want to listen to something?
Do you want to listen to the radio?
Do you want to live a healthy life?
Do you want to live forever?
Do you want to live healthily?
Do you want to live here with us?
Do you want to live in Algeria?
Do you want to live in America?
Do you want to live in Boston?
Do you want to live in Germany?
Do you want to live in Madrid?
Do you want to live in Mumbai?
Do you want to live in Paris?
Do you want to live like slaves?
Do you want to live on Mars?
Do you want to live with Tom for the rest of your life?
Do you want to live with Tom?
Do you want to look at it?
Do you want to look at this?
Do you want to look into it?
Do you want to lose weight?
Do you want to lose?
Do you want to make Tom angry?
Do you want to make a bet?
Do you want to make a deal?
Do you want to make a fool out of me?
Do you want to make a snowman?
Do you want to make extra-crusty bread?
Do you want to make me feel sorry for you?
Do you want to make me happy?
Do you want to make some brownies?
Do you want to make some money today?
Do you want to make tea? First you have to fill the kettle with water.
Do you want to marry Tom or not?
Do you want to marry her?
Do you want to marry him?
Do you want to marry me?
Do you want to meet Tom?
Do you want to meet for a coffee tomorrow?
Do you want to meet for coffee tonight?
Do you want to meet her?
Do you want to meet him?
Do you want to meet me tomorrow night?
Do you want to meet my parents?
Do you want to meet somewhere later?
Do you want to meet them?
Do you want to meet tomorrow?
Do you want to meet up after work?
Do you want to move to Algeria?
Do you want to negotiate?
Do you want to open up your own restaurant?
Do you want to open your own restaurant?
Do you want to open your present now?
Do you want to overwrite the previous saved data?
Do you want to overwrite the saved data?
Do you want to participate in that?
Do you want to participate?
Do you want to pay now or later?
Do you want to pay with a credit card?
Do you want to phone someone?
Do you want to piss before going downstairs to the street?
Do you want to play a game of cards?
Do you want to play a game of chess?
Do you want to play a game?
Do you want to play cards after dinner?
Do you want to play cards and watch the game tomorrow?
Do you want to play chess?
Do you want to play cowboys and Indians?
Do you want to play football with us?
Do you want to play golf or not?
Do you want to play hide and seek?
Do you want to play hide-and-go-seek?
Do you want to play it?
Do you want to play online?
Do you want to play outside?
Do you want to play shogi?
Do you want to play soccer with us?
Do you want to play something?
Do you want to play tag?
Do you want to play tennis with me this afternoon?
Do you want to play tennis with us?
Do you want to play tennis?
Do you want to play together?
Do you want to play video games together?
Do you want to play volleyball or basketball?
Do you want to play volleyball?
Do you want to play with Tom?
Do you want to play with me?
Do you want to play with my credit card?
Do you want to play with them?
Do you want to play with us?
Do you want to play, too?
Do you want to play?
Do you want to pray?
Do you want to press charges?
Do you want to provoke a new outbreak of violence?
Do you want to put on some music?
Do you want to put on weight?
Do you want to quit?
Do you want to race?
Do you want to read Stephen King's book or Matoub Lounes'?
Do you want to read a book?
Do you want to read a poem of mine?
Do you want to read one of my poems?
Do you want to read this magazine?
Do you want to read?
Do you want to rent a boat?
Do you want to rent a flat in Paris?
Do you want to rent your house?
Do you want to repeat that?
Do you want to reschedule or see another doctor?
Do you want to resign?
Do you want to rest for a bit?
Do you want to rest?
Do you want to return to Algeria?
Do you want to ride a unicorn to work? Because I do.
Do you want to ride along?
Do you want to ride with us?
Do you want to ring someone?
Do you want to risk it?
Do you want to risk that?
Do you want to sacrifice yourself for Tom?
Do you want to save before exiting?
Do you want to save the game before exiting?
Do you want to save them?
Do you want to save your game?
Do you want to say a few words?
Do you want to say anything else?
Do you want to say anything to Tom?
Do you want to say anything?
Do you want to say goodbye?
Do you want to say it or should I?
Do you want to say something, Tom?
Do you want to say something?
Do you want to see Tom again?
Do you want to see Tom?
Do you want to see a movie Saturday night?
Do you want to see a movie that's both entertaining and thought-provoking?
Do you want to see a movie tonight?
Do you want to see a picture of Mary when she was baby?
Do you want to see a picture of Tom when he was baby?
Do you want to see a picture of Tom?
Do you want to see a show?
Do you want to see a trick?
Do you want to see her very much?
Do you want to see her?
Do you want to see him again?
Do you want to see him?
Do you want to see it again?
Do you want to see it now?
Do you want to see it?
Do you want to see me again?
Do you want to see me die?
Do you want to see me do cartwheels?
Do you want to see me do it again?
Do you want to see me do that again?
Do you want to see me do that?
Do you want to see me later?
Do you want to see me?
Do you want to see more?
Do you want to see my baby?
Do you want to see my bedroom?
Do you want to see my boat?
Do you want to see my butterfly collection?
Do you want to see my cat?
Do you want to see my collection of butterflies?
Do you want to see my conlang?
Do you want to see my kitten?
Do you want to see my new bike?
Do you want to see my new car?
Do you want to see my references?
Do you want to see my room?
Do you want to see my scar?
Do you want to see my snake?
Do you want to see my stamp collection?
Do you want to see my translations?
Do you want to see our English lesson?
Do you want to see pictures of Tom and Mary when they were babies?
Do you want to see some magic?
Do you want to see some of my paintings?
Do you want to see something amazing?
Do you want to see something cool?
Do you want to see something extraordinary?
Do you want to see something funny?
Do you want to see something gross?
Do you want to see something interesting?
Do you want to see something?
Do you want to see the house?
Do you want to see the list?
Do you want to see the photos?
Do you want to see the plans?
Do you want to see the school where Tom graduated from?
Do you want to see the total solar eclipse that will leave Svalbard in the dark on March 20, 2015?
Do you want to see them?
Do you want to see this?
Do you want to see what I have in my suitcase?
Do you want to see what I just made?
Do you want to see what I've got?
Do you want to see what else I've got?
Do you want to see what's inside the cave?
Do you want to see where Tom and Mary are buried?
Do you want to see where Tom is buried?
Do you want to see your room?
Do you want to see your wife one last time?
Do you want to see?
Do you want to sell him your house?
Do you want to sell online?
Do you want to sell the parrot?
Do you want to sell them?
Do you want to sell this painting?
Do you want to sell your house?
Do you want to sell your shoes?
Do you want to send a message?
Do you want to send it by air mail?
Do you want to serve the rest of your sentence in jail?
Do you want to share a taxi with me?
Do you want to share an orange with me?
Do you want to share an orange?
Do you want to share it?
Do you want to share my dessert with me?
Do you want to share with me?
Do you want to share your story with us?
Do you want to shoot me dead?
Do you want to shoot some pool?
Do you want to shoot the gun?
Do you want to show me your apartment?
Do you want to sign up?
Do you want to sign?
Do you want to sing together?
Do you want to sing?
Do you want to sit at the front?
Do you want to sit down for a few minutes?
Do you want to sit down?
Do you want to sit in the front?
Do you want to sit in the shade?
Do you want to sit next to the window?
Do you want to sit somewhere else?
Do you want to sit there for the rest of your life?
Do you want to sit?
Do you want to skip class?
Do you want to sleep at my place?
Do you want to sleep in the top or the bottom bunk?
Do you want to sleep on the couch?
Do you want to sleep on the top bunk or bottom bunk?
Do you want to sleep?
Do you want to slim down?
Do you want to solve the problem?
Do you want to solve this problem or not?
Do you want to speak Berber fluently?
Do you want to speak Berber like me?
Do you want to speak Berber?
Do you want to speak in French?
Do you want to speak privately?
Do you want to speak to Tom now?
Do you want to speak to Tom?
Do you want to speak with a lawyer?
Do you want to spend the next ten years in prison?
Do you want to spend the rest of your life alone?
Do you want to spend the rest of your life in jail?
Do you want to spend the rest of your life in prison?
Do you want to spend the rest of your life with her?
Do you want to spend the rest of your life with him?
Do you want to spend your remaining time in prison?
Do you want to split a taxi with me?
Do you want to spoil the best moment in my life?
Do you want to start a new business?
Do you want to start it?
Do you want to start making some real money?
Do you want to start over?
Do you want to start your own business?
Do you want to start?
Do you want to stay any longer?
Do you want to stay at my place?
Do you want to stay for dinner?
Do you want to stay for lunch?
Do you want to stay here all day?
Do you want to stay here all night?
Do you want to stay here all week?
Do you want to stay here or go to the beach with us?
Do you want to stay here or go?
Do you want to stay here or would you rather look for another hotel?
Do you want to stay here with me?
Do you want to stay here?
Do you want to stay home?
Do you want to stay in Australia with us next summer?
Do you want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
Do you want to stay there?
Do you want to stay up to date with all the latest news?
Do you want to stay with me?
Do you want to stay?
Do you want to stop Tom?
Do you want to stop her?
Do you want to stop here and have some coffee?
Do you want to stop him?
Do you want to stop them?
Do you want to stop?
Do you want to study French?
Do you want to study in Australia?
Do you want to study in Germany?
Do you want to study it further?
Do you want to study many languages less in depth? Or fewer languages but more in depth? Or...?
Do you want to study together?
Do you want to study with me?
Do you want to swap jobs?
Do you want to swap places?
Do you want to swing from that chandelier?
Do you want to swing from that tree branch?
Do you want to switch seats?
Do you want to switch?
Do you want to tag along?
Do you want to take Tom's place or not?
Do you want to take a bath?
Do you want to take a break?
Do you want to take a lap?
Do you want to take a look at it?
Do you want to take a look?
Do you want to take a walk before going to bed?
Do you want to take a walk?
Do you want to take any of this food home?
Do you want to take care of that?
Do you want to take it outside?
Do you want to take it?
Do you want to take one?
Do you want to take over?
Do you want to take some time off?
Do you want to take that chance?
Do you want to take that risk?
Do you want to take that?
Do you want to take the highway?
Do you want to take this food home?
Do you want to take this one?
Do you want to talk about Tom?
Do you want to talk about anything?
Do you want to talk about it at all?
Do you want to talk about it now?
Do you want to talk about it or not?
Do you want to talk about it?
Do you want to talk about something?
Do you want to talk about that?
Do you want to talk about the affair?
Do you want to talk about the matter?
Do you want to talk about them?
Do you want to talk about this?
Do you want to talk about what Tom did?
Do you want to talk about what happened today?
Do you want to talk about what happened?
Do you want to talk about what just happened?
Do you want to talk in my office?
Do you want to talk more about Algeria?
Do you want to talk now?
Do you want to talk to Tom?
Do you want to talk to a lawyer?
Do you want to talk to anyone?
Do you want to talk to her?
Do you want to talk to him?
Do you want to talk to me or not?
Do you want to talk to me?
Do you want to talk to someone?
Do you want to talk to the children?
Do you want to talk to them?
Do you want to talk with Tom?
Do you want to talk?
Do you want to taste my ice cream?
Do you want to taste the spaghetti?
Do you want to taste this meal?
Do you want to tell Tom or should I?
Do you want to tell Tom?
Do you want to tell her you love her?
Do you want to tell her?
Do you want to tell him you love him?
Do you want to tell him?
Do you want to tell me about it now?
Do you want to tell me about it?
Do you want to tell me anything about Tom?
Do you want to tell me it was all just a dream?
Do you want to tell me something?
Do you want to tell me what happened?
Do you want to tell me what this is?
Do you want to tell me who that was?
Do you want to tell me who they are?
Do you want to tell me you love him?
Do you want to tell the jury what happened?
Do you want to tell the story, or should I?
Do you want to tell them?
Do you want to tell us why we're here?
Do you want to test this microphone?
Do you want to testify as a witness?
Do you want to throw all of this away?
Do you want to touch it?
Do you want to trade jobs?
Do you want to trade our two sheep, one for another?
Do you want to trade places with me?
Do you want to trade?
Do you want to travel by bus, train or metro?
Do you want to travel to London, Paris or New York?
Do you want to travel tomorrow?
Do you want to try Sami's bike?
Do you want to try a sip?
Do you want to try again?
Do you want to try another one?
Do you want to try calling Tom?
Do you want to try doing that again?
Do you want to try doing that with me?
Do you want to try it again?
Do you want to try it on?
Do you want to try it?
Do you want to try on a kimono?
Do you want to try one?
Do you want to try out this new method?
Do you want to try something new?
Do you want to try that again?
Do you want to try the hot tub?
Do you want to try this new recipe I found?
Do you want to try this?
Do you want to try?
Do you want to turn around?
Do you want to turn on the light?
Do you want to upgrade the appliances in the apartment?
Do you want to use a platter or a tray?
Do you want to use mine?
Do you want to use my cellphone?
Do you want to use my sunscreen?
Do you want to use some of my makeup?
Do you want to use this textbook or that one?
Do you want to visit Algiers?
Do you want to visit America?
Do you want to visit Australia someday?
Do you want to visit Australia?
Do you want to visit Boston?
Do you want to visit Brazil?
Do you want to visit the city?
Do you want to visit this monument?
Do you want to vote?
Do you want to wait in the bar?
Do you want to wait in the car?
Do you want to wait?
Do you want to walk over to Tom's with me?
Do you want to walk to school together?
Do you want to walk to the station with me?
Do you want to walk together?
Do you want to watch "Tom and Jerry"?
Do you want to watch TV?
Do you want to watch a movie Saturday night?
Do you want to watch a movie or something?
Do you want to watch a movie tonight?
Do you want to watch a movie with me?
Do you want to watch a movie?
Do you want to watch another episode?
Do you want to watch football?
Do you want to watch television?
Do you want to watch the baseball game on TV?
Do you want to watch the entire podcast?
Do you want to watch the game together?
Do you want to watch this TV programme?
Do you want to watch this movie again?
Do you want to watch this program?
Do you want to watch this programme?
Do you want to wear a kimono?
Do you want to wear my jacket?
Do you want to win or don't you?
Do you want to win?
Do you want to work at a hamburger joint all your life?
Do you want to work for my agency?
Do you want to work for us?
Do you want to work here?
Do you want to work in Australia?
Do you want to work in Boston?
Do you want to work in Germany?
Do you want to work in the same studio as your girlfriend?
Do you want to work or would you like to earn money?
Do you want to work with Tom?
Do you want to work with her?
Do you want to work with him?
Do you want to work with me?
Do you want to work with them?
Do you want to work with us?
Do you want to wrap this up soon?
Do you want to write down my e-mail address?
Do you want to?
Do you want us here?
Do you want us there?
Do you want us to buy you anything?
Do you want us to call you a taxi?
Do you want us to call you?
Do you want us to do something about that?
Do you want us to do that for you?
Do you want us to do that now?
Do you want us to do waffles or crepes?
Do you want us to go to Australia with you?
Do you want us to go to Boston with you?
Do you want us to go to school?
Do you want us to go with you?
Do you want us to go?
Do you want us to help Tom?
Do you want us to help them?
Do you want us to help you do that?
Do you want us to help you?
Do you want us to help?
Do you want us to kill Tom?
Do you want us to kill her?
Do you want us to kill him?
Do you want us to kill them?
Do you want us to leave now?
Do you want us to leave the room?
Do you want us to leave?
Do you want us to stay here?
Do you want us to stay?
Do you want us to take you back to your house?
Do you want us to take you home with us?
Do you want us to take you home?
Do you want us to take you with us?
Do you want us to tell Tom?
Do you want us to tell her?
Do you want us to tell him?
Do you want us to tell them?
Do you want us to try prying this door open?
Do you want us to wait?
Do you want us to work late tonight?
Do you want water?
Do you want what's in this box?
Do you want whole milk?
Do you want wine?
Do you want your boss to like you?
Do you want your brothers to go to hell?
Do you want your children to go to hell?
Do you want your children to learn your language at school?
Do you want your coat back?
Do you want your ears to show?
Do you want your friend back?
Do you want your hair washed?
Do you want your language to die?
Do you want your milk heated or cold?
Do you want your money in coins?
Do you want your old job back?
Do you want your parents to go to hell?
Do you want your perm to look natural?
Do you want your permanent natural?
Do you want your permanent to look natural?
Do you want your possessions identified?
Do you want your walker?
Do you want your whiskey straight or should I mix it with water?
Do you want your wife to speak Esperanto?
Do you wash clothes every week?
Do you wash your children's hands before eating or can they wash them themselves?
Do you wash your dog every day?
Do you wash your hands before eating?
Do you wash your hands before meals?
Do you wash your hands before you eat?
Do you watch "Tom and Jerry"?
Do you watch BBC or CNN?
Do you watch Korean dramas?
Do you watch TV a lot?
Do you watch TV every day?
Do you watch TV every evening?
Do you watch TV in the morning?
Do you watch TV news?
Do you watch TV often?
Do you watch TV?
Do you watch a lot of TV?
Do you watch a lot of movies?
Do you watch a lot of sports on TV?
Do you watch a lot of sports?
Do you watch a lot of television?
Do you watch a lot of telly?
Do you watch anime?
Do you watch films or cartoons?
Do you watch many films?
Do you watch movies?
Do you watch much TV?
Do you watch much television?
Do you watch porn?
Do you watch soccer?
Do you watch television?
Do you watch telly?
Do you watch the 8 o'clock soap opera?
Do you watch the TV in the morning?
Do you watch the news every day?
Do you watch the news on TV every day?
Do you watch the news?
Do you wear a black uniform?
Do you wear a hearing aid?
Do you wear a helmet when you bike?
Do you wear a helmet when you cycle?
Do you wear a helmet while cycling?
Do you wear a kimono?
Do you wear a necklace every day?
Do you wear a ring?
Do you wear a scarf often?
Do you wear a suit outside of work?
Do you wear a uniform at work?
Do you wear a uniform to work?
Do you wear a uniform?
Do you wear a watch?
Do you wear a wedding ring?
Do you wear an apron when you're cooking?
Do you wear contact lenses?
Do you wear contacts?
Do you wear dentures?
Do you wear different styles of clothes now compared to 10 years ago?
Do you wear glasses?
Do you wear hiking boots or sneakers?
Do you wear jeans to work?
Do you wear jewellery?
Do you wear jewelry?
Do you wear pajamas when you're sleeping?
Do you wear pyjamas when you sleep?
Do you wear shoes indoors?
Do you wear shoes inside your house?
Do you wear those shoes often?
Do you wear those shorts to emphasise the aesthetic impoverishment you've been suffering this past decade?
Do you weigh more than Tom?
Do you what it means to be old today? You know all of the answers, but nobody asks you the questions.
Do you windsurf?
Do you wish I hadn't done that?
Do you wish I hadn't reminded you?
Do you wish Tom hadn't done that?
Do you wish me to help?
Do you wish me to repeat the question?
Do you wish someday to be involved in politics?
Do you wish that you had more money?
Do you wish to become a writer someday?
Do you wish to complain?
Do you wish to do that now?
Do you wish to drink water?
Do you wish to eat alone?
Do you wish to exit?
Do you wish to go?
Do you wish to make any other transaction?
Do you wish to see her now?
Do you wish to see my passport?
Do you wish to speak to me?
Do you wish to speak to the lady of the house?
Do you wish to stay?
Do you wish you could travel in space?
Do you wish you had not left at 1p.m?
Do you wish you hadn't done that?
Do you wish you'd done that earlier?
Do you wish you'd done that sooner?
Do you wonder about the meaning of life?
Do you wonder why no one trusts him?
Do you wonder why we are here?
Do you work Mondays?
Do you work a lot?
Do you work alone?
Do you work as an electrician?
Do you work at a hospital?
Do you work at a supermarket?
Do you work at all?
Do you work at night?
Do you work at the hospital?
Do you work at the town hall?
Do you work downtown?
Do you work every day?
Do you work for Tom?
Do you work from six until eight?
Do you work here?
Do you work in Boston?
Do you work in Delfzijl?
Do you work in a hospital?
Do you work in a town?
Do you work in the evening?
Do you work in this clinic?
Do you work in this department?
Do you work in town?
Do you work near here?
Do you work on Monday?
Do you work on Mondays?
Do you work on Saturday as well?
Do you work on Saturday?
Do you work on Sundays?
Do you work out of town or in the city centre?
Do you work out of town or in the town centre?
Do you work out regularly?
Do you work out?
Do you work part-time?
Do you work there, too?
Do you work these fields every year?
Do you work together?
Do you work well under pressure?
Do you work with Tom?
Do you work with her?
Do you work with him?
Do you work with them?
Do you work?
Do you worry about pesticides?
Do you worry about the outcome?
Do you worry about us?
Do you wrestle?
Do you write down your thoughts?
Do you write in Arabic?
Do you write in French?
Do you write letters often?
Do you write letters?
Do you write love letters?
Do you write poetry?
Do you write short stories?
Do you write specs before you write code?
Do you write that with a "J"?
Do you write to her?
Do you write to him at all even now?
Do you write to-do-lists?
Do you write with a blue or a black pen?
Do you write?
Do you yield?
Do you young people want lights, or do you enjoy the twilight?
Do you've to drink it all?
Do you, by any chance, know what we're supposed to be doing?
Do you, by any chance, speak French?
Do you, by any chance, think you will succeed?
Do you? Why?
Do young French people talk about politics too?
Do your best and don't worry.
Do your best and don’t worry.
Do your best and have fun.
Do your best and let fate do the rest.
Do your best for Tom.
Do your best for her.
Do your best for him.
Do your best for them.
Do your best in anything you do.
Do your best in everything.
Do your best to be Switzerland at the office.
Do your best to complete the work.
Do your best to get there early.
Do your best to get things done early.
Do your best to help Ziri out.
Do your best to make your wife like you.
Do your best to show up on Instagram every day.
Do your best to stand out at work.
Do your best whether you win or lose.
Do your best without Tom.
Do your best work.
Do your best!
Do your best, Tom.
Do your best, and that will suffice.
Do your best, and you will succeed.
Do your best, and you won’t regret it.
Do your best, and you'll succeed.
Do your best.
Do your bowels act regularly?
Do your brothers and sisters like to laugh?
Do your children always wear helmets when they ride their bicycles?
Do your children drink milk?
Do your children go to kindergarten?
Do your children go to school?
Do your children have their own rooms?
Do your children know French?
Do your children know German?
Do your children like to drink milk?
Do your children not want to go to school?
Do your children read books?
Do your children speak French?
Do your children speak German?
Do your chores.
Do your co-workers do this?
Do your co-workers like their job?
Do your coat up.
Do your duty without worrying about the consequences.
Do your duty, come what may.
Do your duty.
Do your eyebrows.
Do your feet still hurt?
Do your glasses help you see better?
Do your grandmothers hang out together?
Do your gums bleed when you brush your teeth?
Do your gums bleed?
Do your homework as soon as you finish dinner.
Do your homework at once.
Do your homework before you go to bed.
Do your homework before you watch TV.
Do your homework before your father gets home.
Do your homework by yourself.
Do your homework first of all.
Do your homework first.
Do your homework for yourself.
Do your homework now.
Do your homework right away.
Do your homework right now.
Do your homework without delay.
Do your homework! You can carry on playing when you've finished it.
Do your homework, and do it properly! I'll be looking at it later.
Do your homework.
Do your job and God will do His.
Do your job effectively.
Do your job like a man.
Do your job.
Do your kids eat couscous?
Do your legs hurt?
Do your mum and dad have the same surname?
Do your neighbors know that your house is haunted?
Do your neighbors know your house is haunted?
Do your old people still speak your language?
Do your own grocery shopping.
Do your own job!
Do your own job.
Do your own research and find out what these Berber words mean.
Do your own research.
Do your own thing.
Do your own work.
Do your parents agree to your becoming a flight attendant?
Do your parents allow you to do that?
Do your parents ever interfere?
Do your parents know about this?
Do your parents know that you smoke?
Do your parents know that you're here?
Do your parents know that you're out?
Do your parents know that you're pregnant?
Do your parents know where you are?
Do your parents know you're here?
Do your parents know?
Do your parents leave you home alone?
Do your parents let you do that at home?
Do your parents let you do that?
Do your parents let you eat candy?
Do your parents like Tom?
Do your parents listen to you?
Do your parents live in Australia?
Do your parents live in Germany?
Do your parents live nearby?
Do your parents permit you to do that?
Do your parents smoke?
Do your parents speak English?
Do your parents speak French?
Do your parents still allow you to do that?
Do your parents still let you do that?
Do your parents still live in Germany?
Do your parents still permit you to do that?
Do your parents think that you spend too many hours playing games?
Do your parents think that you watch too much TV?
Do your part to save the environment.
Do your really want to be doing this job for the rest of your life?
Do your room at once.
Do your shoelaces up properly, otherwise you'll trip up.
Do your son a favor.
Do your sons speak French?
Do your speech.
Do your surroundings help you achieve your goals or hinder you?
Do your tasks faster.
Do your utmost.
Do your very best.
Do your work as you see fit.
Do your work conscientiously.
Do your work in your own way.
Do your work quickly.
Do your work with more attentiveness.
Do your work with more care.
Do your work.
Do your worst.
Do yourself a favor and get out of here now.
Do yourself a favor and stay far away from Ziri.
Do yourself a favor. Learn the language and socialize.
Do yourself the favor of looking it up.
Do zombies have a scientific basis?
Doc was also happy with the presence of Snow White, because he can talk to someone over psychoanalysis.
Doc, things are going too well for me.
Doctor Bakir made house calls.
Doctor Bakir performed the autopsy on Mennad's body.
Doctor Burns, what should doctors do when a patient's brain is badly damaged?
Doctor Burns, what should doctors do when a patient’s brain is badly damaged?
Doctor Cawkwell says Pfizer is studying patients with fibromyalgia in China and Japan. And she says the company is looking at what she calls “bio-markers” in people with fibromyalgia. Bio-markers help researchers know what is happening in the bodies of people with a disease or medical condition. Doctor Cawkwell says it is important to find bio-markers for fibromyalgia.
Doctor Heidegger's office was a very strange place. The dark room was filled with books, cobwebs, and dust. An old mirror hanging between two bookcases was said to show the ghosts of all the doctor's dead patients.
Doctor Hirose is engaged in AIDS research.
Doctor Kazura and his team of researchers tested the drug recently in Papua New Guinea. They gave the drug to two-thousand-five-hundred people living in unpopulated areas of the country. The people were injected with the drug every year for four years. Scientists found that the spread of lymphatic filariasis dropped by more than ninety-five percent. They also discovered that the treatment reduced the enlargement of the arms, legs and reproductive organs. Doctors had thought this was a permanent condition.
Doctor L.L. Zamenhof (1859-1917) personally translated masterpieces of literature into Esperanto.
Doctor Labyrinth, like most people who read a great deal and who have too much time on their hands, had become convinced that our civilization was going the way of Rome. He saw, I think, the same cracks forming that had sundered the ancient world, the world of Greece and Rome; and it was his conviction that presently our world, our society, would pass away as theirs did, and a period of darkness would follow.
Doctor Mortimer pulled it out of his breast-pocket.
Doctor Rosen led a team that studied about twenty healthy people. The team examined the people with functional magnetic resonance imaging devices. MRI’s can show changes in the flow of blood and the amount of oxygen in the blood. They studied the people before, during and after acupuncture. The researchers placed acupuncture needles in the skin on the peoples’ hands. They chose places linked to pain relief in traditional Chinese acupuncture.
Doctor Rosen said the reduced blood flow may lead to changes in dopamine. This, in turn, leads to a reaction that releases endorphins. These brain chemicals reduce pain and help fight feelings of sadness.
Doctor Sami Bakir became famous as doctors around the world followed his research.
Doctor Sami Bakir is working on the epidemic.
Doctor Sir, please write an Odia song in this theme.
Doctor Smith has many patients.
Doctor Who is the world's longest-running science fiction TV series.
Doctor Yazid can't bring people back.
Doctor Zamenhof was a doctor.
Doctor Zamenhof was a physician.
Doctor, I don't know what's wrong with me. I don't feel good.
Doctor, I have memory problems.
Doctor, I'd... like to talk to you about something. I think that my English is riddled with usage problems, and I just don't know what I should do.
Doctor, I've got an itch in my crotch.
Doctor, I’d... like to talk to you about something. I think that my English is riddled with usage problems, and I just don’t know what I should do.
Doctor, can I drink beer?
Doctor, can this be treated?
Doctor, can you hear me out?
Doctor, cure me.
Doctor, have you Googled yourself?
Doctor, help me!
Doctor, is this normal?
Doctor, it's the wrong leg!
Doctor, my back hurts.
Doctor, my name is Mutaz.
Doctor, my stomach hurts.
Doctor, please give this child first aid.
Doctor, what's wrong with Tom?
Doctor-patient confidentiality should be respected at all times.
Doctor: "I'm sorry. He's a vegetable now." Tom: "Why is that bad? Vegetables are good!"
Doctor: Take a chill pill and then call me in the morning.
Doctors administer medicine, which they know little about, to human bodies, which they know even less about, to cure diseases, which they know absolutely nothing about.
Doctors advertise the flu shot every year.
Doctors advise us on our health.
Doctors advised Michael to rest completely.
Doctors always talk like that just to keep people cheered up. I wouldn't have much hope if I was her.
Doctors always talk like that just to keep people cheered up. I wouldn't have much hope if I was her. It's best to be prepared for the worst.
Doctors and hospitals should help everyone.
Doctors and hospitals should help the people who can get healthy again.
Doctors and nurses carry stethoscopes.
Doctors and nurses must preserve life at all costs.
Doctors and nurses save lives.
Doctors are about to repeat the disaster of hormone replacement therapy in women.
Doctors are currently looking for a cure.
Doctors are fighting against disease.
Doctors are flirting with that nurse all day.
Doctors are not as a rule trained in child rearing.
Doctors are the best people in the world, because they save many lives.
Doctors are the worst patients.
Doctors are treating a Los Angeles woman for aseptic meningitis, an irritation of the membrane that covers the brain. Preliminary tests suggest she has the West Nile virus, but tests to confirm its presence will take several days.
Doctors argued bitterly over the best way to treat the Yellow Fever.
Doctors believed that that the clean, cold air of the mountains was the best treatment for lung diseases.
Doctors can be wrong, and some patients can suddenly improve.
Doctors can bury their mistakes, but an architect can only advise his clients to plant ivy.
Doctors can't cure themselves.
Doctors could not help Oleg in any way.
Doctors declared Layla's cancer in remission.
Doctors did everything they could to cure him.
Doctors did what they could.
Doctors do not always live long.
Doctors do what they can.
Doctors don't know anything.
Doctors drained an abscess on one of his tonsils and released him two days later.
Doctors give us information about our health.
Doctors have a difficult problem.
Doctors have been unable to find a cure.
Doctors have discovered some startling facts.
Doctors have made great strides in their fight against cancer.
Doctors have offered me nothing but sleeping pills.
Doctors immediately rushed in.
Doctors in countries with a surplus of vaccines are begging people to get vaccinated.
Doctors in white coats were striding along the corridor.
Doctors inform us about our health.
Doctors look for a family history of heart disease and use an electrocardiogram to check for cardiovascular abnormalities.
Doctors make such lousy patients.
Doctors make the worst patients.
Doctors monitor the health of patients on a screen at a distance.
Doctors monitored the fontanelle's closure.
Doctors often face moral dilemmas when making life-or-death choices.
Doctors receiving kickbacks from drug companies to prescribe their products is a growing problem.
Doctors recommend eating three meals a day.
Doctors recommend three meals a day.
Doctors refused to perform a second operation.
Doctors removed the bullet.
Doctors repaired Healey's aneurysm, but Dr. Rubin explains that when the aneurysm suddenly bursts, the situation becomes a life-or-death emergency.
Doctors save lives.
Doctors say that children who were breastfed are usually healthier.
Doctors say that women are of "advanced maternal age" when they are pregnant after 35, but I know very few professional women who have had children younger.
Doctors say this is a serious risk.
Doctors should exercise caution when prescribing opioids.
Doctors should help sick or injured persons.
Doctors should help the sick or injured person.
Doctors should keep abreast of all the latest developments in medicine.
Doctors should keep abreast with all the latest developments in medicine.
Doctors still do not fully understand sudden infant death syndrome, which I find terrifying as a prospective parent.
Doctors suggest drugs to fight diseases.
Doctors suspect smoking has lot to do with cancer.
Doctors take an oath not to harm anyone.
Doctors thought he had a cold.
Doctors took dramatic measures to save the teen's life.
Doctors treat sick people.
Doctors treat symptoms. If they really practiced actual health, they would look like Tarzan.
Doctors use medical equipment.
Doctors want to extract antibody-rich plasma from the blood of recovered patients to save lives.
Doctors warn us of a possible danger.
Doctors warn us of possible danger.
Doctors were afraid to remove the bullet.
Doctors were called to the White House.
Doctors were leaning over Boldi.
Doctors were quitting smoking in droves.
Doctors who accepted multiple free meals were three times more likely to prescribe name brand medicine.
Doctors won't let you be 15 minutes late, but they themselves will never show up on time.
Doctors write out many prescriptions for patients.
Doctors write prescriptions in the same kind of language in which electric train drivers announce stations.
Doctors' bills really cut into our savings.
Doctors, however, found a labral tear of her right hip that will require surgery.
Doctors, lawyers, and farmers are destroying the earth.
Doctors’ bills really cut into our savings.
Doctors’ scrawls and scribbles are notoriously hard to read.
Document everything.
Documents presented to court state that the security personnel were armed with deadly weapons and brandished them “with gusto” as they stormed into the offices and made the arrests.
Documents relating to his private life were stolen in the burglary.
Dodgers shortstop Corey Seager was named the World Series Most Valuable Player after compiling a .471 batting average with two home runs and seven runs scored in the series.
Dodging waves at low tide, a barefooted, shirtless Mixtec man is carefully walking along the Pacific Coast of Oaxaca, Mexico.
Dodoma is the capital of Tanzania.
Dodong greeted Totong in front of the house.
Does "juice" in Japan imply juice in a can?
Does 'lol' count as a sentence?
Does ALC's web site include an archive of English expressions?
Does ALC’s web site include an archive of English expressions?
Does Air Algérie effectively connect Algeria to the world?
Does Algeria ban Berber names?
Does Algeria domestically build missiles?
Does Algeria encourage foreign investment?
Does Algeria encourage private investment?
Does Algeria export as much oil as Venezuela?
Does Algeria export engineering products?
Does Algeria export manufactured goods?
Does Algeria export meat?
Does Algeria export workers?
Does Algeria fix its currency to the euro?
Does Algeria have Chinese-owned factories?
Does Algeria have Islamic banks?
Does Algeria have S-400 missiles?
Does Algeria have a 5G network?
Does Algeria have a budget surplus?
Does Algeria have a capable navy?
Does Algeria have a communist party?
Does Algeria have a democratically elected government?
Does Algeria have a failing economy?
Does Algeria have a garbage crisis?
Does Algeria have a hedge fund?
Does Algeria have a long-term foundation of wealth apart from oil?
Does Algeria have a low unemployment rate?
Does Algeria have a negative trade balance?
Does Algeria have a plan to address its inflation problem?
Does Algeria have a plan to curb inflation?
Does Algeria have a positive trade balance?
Does Algeria have a powerful navy?
Does Algeria have a prosperous economy?
Does Algeria have a real middle class?
Does Algeria have a rubbish crisis?
Does Algeria have a sovereign wealth fund?
Does Algeria have a space program?
Does Algeria have a stagnant economy?
Does Algeria have a strategic approach to fight corruption?
Does Algeria have a strong currency?
Does Algeria have a strong human development index?
Does Algeria have a trade deficit?
Does Algeria have a trade surplus?
Does Algeria have access to the sea?
Does Algeria have advanced infrastructure?
Does Algeria have an anti-corruption commission?
Does Algeria have an anticorruption bureau?
Does Algeria have an emerging middle class?
Does Algeria have an open economy?
Does Algeria have any chance?
Does Algeria have any good resorts?
Does Algeria have any high-speed rail lines?
Does Algeria have any notable scientists?
Does Algeria have any popular resorts?
Does Algeria have cheap labor?
Does Algeria have climate goals?
Does Algeria have climate targets?
Does Algeria have cooking festivals?
Does Algeria have economic free zones?
Does Algeria have enough cheap labor?
Does Algeria have enough equipment to deal with the coronavirus outbreak?
Does Algeria have freedom of religion?
Does Algeria have garbage incinerators?
Does Algeria have geothermal energy?
Does Algeria have high birth rates?
Does Algeria have high taxes?
Does Algeria have high-speed rail lines?
Does Algeria have missile capabilities?
Does Algeria have missile deterrence?
Does Algeria have more longevity than Egypt?
Does Algeria have precious stones?
Does Algeria have rare earth deposits?
Does Algeria have rare earth elements?
Does Algeria have rare earth metals?
Does Algeria have rare earths?
Does Algeria have regasification plants?
Does Algeria have skilled labor?
Does Algeria have special economic zones?
Does Algeria have the infrastructure to refine its own crude oil?
Does Algeria have the same demographics as Turkey?
Does Algeria have wind farms?
Does Algeria invest its oil revenue in development projects?
Does Algeria know how to fight a recession?
Does Algeria make microchips?
Does Algeria manufacture apparel and textiles?
Does Algeria need a brand new constitution?
Does Algeria need a complete constitutional reform?
Does Algeria need a federalized government?
Does Algeria need a liberal monetary policy?
Does Algeria need a major political purge?
Does Algeria need a new constitution?
Does Algeria need a regime change?
Does Algeria need a tough leader?
Does Algeria need constitutional reforms?
Does Algeria need deep regionalization?
Does Algeria need foreign immigrants?
Does Algeria need low-cost labor?
Does Algeria need more structural reforms?
Does Algeria need shale oil to develop its economy?
Does Algeria need submarines?
Does Algeria need to borrow abroad?
Does Algeria need to borrow externally?
Does Algeria need to create a new currency?
Does Algeria need to create a technocratic government?
Does Algeria need to deregulate its markets?
Does Algeria need to establish a new constitution?
Does Algeria need to expand its tax base?
Does Algeria need to focus on services?
Does Algeria need to focus on the service sector?
Does Algeria need to follow the model of Turkey?
Does Algeria need to give its currency a different name?
Does Algeria need to increase taxation on companies?
Does Algeria need to launch its own national car brand?
Does Algeria need to prepare for a new economic crisis?
Does Algeria need to privatize its government-owned enterprises?
Does Algeria need to privatize its public utilities?
Does Algeria need to privatize its state-owned companies?
Does Algeria need to put in place stricter measures to stop the propagation of the coronavirus?
Does Algeria need to put its public utilities into private hands?
Does Algeria need to raise its interest rates?
Does Algeria need to raise taxes?
Does Algeria need to reduce corporate taxes?
Does Algeria need to reform its tax system?
Does Algeria need to renegotiate its free-trade agreement with Europe?
Does Algeria need to reshape its geopolitical trajectory?
Does Algeria need to set up a new court system to deal with corruption efficiently?
Does Algeria need to sign a free trade agreement with the US?
Does Algeria need to start budget cuts?
Does Algeria need to undervalue its exchange rate?
Does Algeria need to use capital controls?
Does Algeria need working immigrants?
Does Algeria offer any tax breaks to foreign investors?
Does Algeria offer descendants of Algerian Jews the right to return?
Does Algeria pay benefits for the unemployed?
Does Algeria pay unemployment benefits?
Does Algeria possess the means to shape its nature?
Does Algeria produce copper?
Does Algeria produce enough educated people to cater to these modern industries?
Does Algeria produce footwear?
Does Algeria produce palm oil?
Does Algeria produce protective masks?
Does Algeria produce sugar cane?
Does Algeria protect foreign investments?
Does Algeria protect foreign investors?
Does Algeria really rely on remittance?
Does Algeria refine its own oil?
Does Algeria release an annual report on its energy industry?
Does Algeria stand for democracy?
Does Algeria still have a middle class?
Does Algeria still have foreign reserves?
Does Algeria still have traditional salt miners?
Does Algeria still produce automobiles?
Does Algeria still produce coal?
Does Algiers have an evening paper?
Does Algiers have skyscrapers?
Does Algiers meet the needs of its inhabitants?
Does Algiers need to be medically sealed off?
Does Americans prefer to use WhatsApp or Snapchat?
Does Amy Winehouse live further as Lady Gaga?
Does Antonio deserve to suffer?
Does Arnold Schwarzenegger still know German?
Does Arnold Schwarzenegger still speak German?
Does Arnold Schwarzenegger visit Austria?
Does Australia have a coastline?
Does Australia have any famous concert halls?
Does Australia have four seasons?
Does Austria have a coastline?
Does Bach not tell you anything?
Does Berber have tenses?
Does Betty's son know that his mother is a serial killer?
Does Betty’s son know that his mother is a serial killer?
Does Biden have the appetite to drag the US into another war?
Does Boston get as cold as Chicago?
Does Boston get many earthquakes?
Does Boston have a high crime rate?
Does Boston have a larger population than Chicago?
Does Boston have a seedy underbelly?
Does Boston have any beaches?
Does Boston have any famous art museums?
Does Boston only have one zip code?
Does Celluloid support plugins?
Does Coca-Cola contain caffeine?
Does Coca-Cola have caffeine in it?
Does Cookie still meow like that?
Does Egypt want to harm Algeria's regional interests?
Does Emily have a dictionary?
Does Emily have green eyes?
Does English have grammatical rules?
Does Europe have a common language?
Does Facebook have a Berber option?
Does Fadıl know Jet Fadıl?
Does Father know you've broken his watch?
Does Father know you’ve broken his watch?
Does Felix's house have a security system?
Does Ferhat Mehenni have a Bandcamp?
Does Finland have a chance to win Eurovision this year?
Does Finland have a shot at winning Eurovision this year?
Does France have volcanoes?
Does French have a similar expression?
Does Germany export grain?
Does Germany have any national sovereignty?
Does Germany share a border with Switzerland?
Does Germany tithe on behalf of churches?
Does God accept all forms of worship?
Does God exist?
Does God really command Muslims to kill non-Muslims?
Does God really exist?
Does His Grace wish to address the court?
Does His Majesty wish to retire for the evening?
Does Iceland have to join the EU?
Does Iceland need to join the European Union?
Does Iceland still need a distinct language from the one it officially sings ?
Does Iran want to develop nuclear bombs?
Does Iran want to expand?
Does Islam need to be liberalized?
Does Islam oppress women?
Does Islam teach us to hate Jews?
Does Islamic banking have a future in Algeria?
Does Israel comply with international laws?
Does Jamal know that you're going out?
Does Jasmin still live in Germany?
Does Jenny want to go home?
Does Jessica deserve Mark's mistreatment?
Does Jessica fit the model of a wife?
Does Joe strike you as creepy too?
Does John know that you are here?
Does John want to see a Korean movie?
Does Jordan still govern the al-Aqsa Mosque compound?
Does Ken know Tom's real name?
Does Ken know the real Tom's full name?
Does Ken play tennis?
Does Lauren know that she's got a huge rip in her tent?
Does Laurie have a computer?
Does Leandro still work here?
Does Lochhead manage to arouse our sympathy?
Does Mao meow?
Does Maria not owe you?
Does Marika eat at Japanese restaurants?
Does Marika know any jokes in Japanese?
Does Marika like Japanese cars?
Does Marika like Japanese food?
Does Marika want to go back to Japan?
Does Marika watch Japanese films?
Does Mark fit the model of a partner?
Does Mark physically hurt Jessica?
Does Mars have a magnetic field?
Does Mars have life?
Does Mary advocate for trade?
Does Mary always do that by herself?
Does Mary always do what you ask her to do?
Does Mary believe in justice?
Does Mary drink tea?
Does Mary dye her hair?
Does Mary ever hug her children?
Does Mary hate me?
Does Mary have a boyfriend, yet?
Does Mary have a favourite flower?
Does Mary have a husband?
Does Mary have everything she needs?
Does Mary have to open the window?
Does Mary have to stay at home today?
Does Mary know I don't want her to do that?
Does Mary know I don't want her to win?
Does Mary know I want her to do that?
Does Mary know I want her to win?
Does Mary know Tom's real name?
Does Mary know about any of this?
Does Mary know how Tom feels about her?
Does Mary know how to dance?
Does Mary know how you feel about her?
Does Mary know she was adopted?
Does Mary know that you love her?
Does Mary know we can't do that without her help?
Does Mary know we don't want her to do that?
Does Mary know we want her to do that?
Does Mary know we want her to go with us?
Does Mary know we want her to win?
Does Mary know what Tom expects her to do?
Does Mary know what she's doing?
Does Mary know what she's going to do next year?
Does Mary know what you expect her to do?
Does Mary know why Tom didn't eat the ham sandwich she made for him?
Does Mary know why Tom didn't invite her to his party?
Does Mary know why Tom doesn't like her?
Does Mary know why you don't like her?
Does Mary like Tom?
Does Mary like her job?
Does Mary like her new job?
Does Mary like to cook?
Does Mary live next door to the bus driver that John worked with?
Does Mary live next door to the bus driver that worked with John?
Does Mary live next door to the bus driver who John worked with?
Does Mary live next door to the bus driver with whom John worked?
Does Mary look like she's busy?
Does Mary look like she's happy?
Does Mary love me?
Does Mary need something?
Does Mary play the setar?
Does Mary put sugar in her tea?
Does Mary really believe what she's saying?
Does Mary really expect Tom to help her?
Does Mary really have everything she needs?
Does Mary really love me?
Does Mary really think Tom enjoys eating with her?
Does Mary really think Tom is younger than she is?
Does Mary really think Tom likes her?
Does Mary really think she can convince Tom to do that?
Does Mary really think she can convince Tom to help her?
Does Mary really think she can do that by herself?
Does Mary really think she can do that without any help?
Does Mary really think she can do that?
Does Mary really think she can take care of herself?
Does Mary really think she can win?
Does Mary really think she's the only one here who can speak French?
Does Mary really win every time she plays chess with Tom?
Does Mary seem like she's afraid of anyone?
Does Mary stay with you when she's in Boston?
Does Mary still do that as often as she used to?
Does Mary still do the same kind of stuff she used to do?
Does Mary still do the same things she used to do?
Does Mary still go bowling as often as she used to?
Does Mary still go out with Tom every Monday like she used to?
Does Mary still have that red sports car she used to drive?
Does Mary still think of me?
Does Mary support the decision?
Does Mary take care of you or do you take care of her?
Does Mary think Tom likes her?
Does Mary think she can do it?
Does Mary think she can do that?
Does Mary think she can take care of herself?
Does Mary think she doesn't have to do that?
Does Mary think she doesn't need to do that?
Does Mary think she'll be able to attend the meeting?
Does Mary think she'll be able to do that by herself?
Does Mary think she'll be able to do that?
Does Mary think she'll be here a long time?
Does Mary think she'll be in Boston all summer?
Does Mary think she'll stay in Boston long?
Does Mary think she'll stay long?
Does Mary think she's been treated badly?
Does Mary think she's the only one here who can't speak French?
Does Mary think that's all she has to do?
Does Mary think that's all she needs to do?
Does Mary understand French?
Does Mary use incense?
Does Mary want me to drive her to the airport?
Does Mary want me to go with her?
Does Mary want me to teach her French?
Does Mary want me to walk her home?
Does Mary watch TV?
Does Mary wear perfume?
Does Mary work here?
Does Meiji University have a medical school?
Does Mennad have depression?
Does Mike call his dog Pochi?
Does Miss Sandra live here?
Does Monday work for you?
Does Morocco receive natural gas transit fees from Algeria?
Does Morocco want to live in peace with Algeria?
Does Morocco want to revive its border disputes with Algeria?
Does Mr Ito teach history?
Does Mr. Ito teach history?
Does Nancy have to do her homework now?
Does Nancy want to have a dog?
Does Netanyahu really have the right to commit war crimes in the name of all world Jews?
Does Netanyahu really represent all of world Jewry?
Does Pedro have a younger brother?
Does Pedro have an older brother?
Does SGML stand for "standard generalized markup language"?
Does Sami drink?
Does Sami like dogs?
Does Sami smoke?
Does Sami's mother know what he's doing?
Does Sarah know about Jenny?
Does Saturn have a ring?
Does Shunde belong to Foshan?
Does Skura speak Berber?
Does Taninna at least know how to swim?
Does Tatoeba play a role in the globalization of Esperanto?
Does Tatoeba really help translators?
Does The Earth move from East to West or vice-versa?
Does Tom Jackson work for you?
Does Tom actually know Mary?
Does Tom actually like this?
Does Tom actually live here?
Does Tom actually play the drums?
Does Tom actually speak French?
Does Tom agree or disagree?
Does Tom agree with Mary?
Does Tom agree with you?
Does Tom agree?
Does Tom already have a job?
Does Tom already know about this?
Does Tom already know?
Does Tom also live on this street?
Does Tom also play the mandolin?
Does Tom also sing?
Does Tom also speak French?
Does Tom always act like this?
Does Tom always act that way?
Does Tom always behave like that?
Does Tom always buy you everything you want?
Does Tom always carry a gun?
Does Tom always complain this much?
Does Tom always do it that way?
Does Tom always do that by himself?
Does Tom always do that?
Does Tom always do what you ask him to do?
Does Tom always eat lunch at the same time every day?
Does Tom always eat lunch at the same time?
Does Tom always go there alone?
Does Tom always help you clean your room?
Does Tom always leave for work at the same time every morning?
Does Tom always pay attention in class?
Does Tom always ramble like this?
Does Tom always smell like that?
Does Tom always sneeze this much in the spring?
Does Tom always speak French to you?
Does Tom always speak for you?
Does Tom always talk this much?
Does Tom always win?
Does Tom annoy you?
Does Tom approve of this?
Does Tom approve?
Does Tom attend mass?
Does Tom believe in God?
Does Tom believe in ghosts?
Does Tom believe in magic?
Does Tom believe in miracles?
Does Tom believe in the Lord?
Does Tom believe me?
Does Tom believe that his money was wasted?
Does Tom believe that?
Does Tom believe us?
Does Tom belong to the club you're in?
Does Tom bet on horses?
Does Tom blame Mary for what happened?
Does Tom blame Mary?
Does Tom blame himself?
Does Tom blame us?
Does Tom bowl?
Does Tom bully you?
Does Tom buy you nice things?
Does Tom care what Mary thinks?
Does Tom care when we leave?
Does Tom care who helps him?
Does Tom care?
Does Tom come by often?
Does Tom come here a lot?
Does Tom come here frequently?
Does Tom come here more than once a week?
Does Tom come here often?
Does Tom come here on Mondays?
Does Tom come here?
Does Tom come to Australia often?
Does Tom come to Boston often?
Does Tom complain a lot?
Does Tom complain about back pain often?
Does Tom complain regularly about back pain?
Does Tom complain?
Does Tom cook?
Does Tom cope well with failure?
Does Tom cry a lot?
Does Tom cry often?
Does Tom dance well?
Does Tom dance?
Does Tom deny that?
Does Tom deserve it at all?
Does Tom deserve to die?
Does Tom disagree?
Does Tom do any sports?
Does Tom do anything?
Does Tom do drugs?
Does Tom do his own taxes?
Does Tom do it a lot?
Does Tom do it often?
Does Tom do it right?
Does Tom do it?
Does Tom do that a lot?
Does Tom do that every day?
Does Tom do that for money?
Does Tom do that more often nowadays?
Does Tom do that often?
Does Tom do that?
Does Tom do this a lot?
Does Tom do this every day?
Does Tom do this more often than Mary does?
Does Tom do this more often than Mary?
Does Tom do this more often than you do?
Does Tom do this more often than you?
Does Tom do this often?
Does Tom do yoga?
Does Tom drink a lot?
Does Tom drink beer?
Does Tom drink coffee?
Does Tom drink espresso?
Does Tom drink milk?
Does Tom drink red wine?
Does Tom drink tea every day?
Does Tom drink tea?
Does Tom drink wine?
Does Tom drink?
Does Tom drive a station wagon?
Does Tom drive to work?
Does Tom drive?
Does Tom dye his hair?
Does Tom earn enough money to live in the city?
Does Tom eat a lot of fish?
Does Tom eat a lot of fruit?
Does Tom eat a lot?
Does Tom eat beef?
Does Tom eat eggs?
Does Tom eat fish?
Does Tom eat grapes?
Does Tom eat meat?
Does Tom eat out a lot?
Does Tom eat out often?
Does Tom eat pasta?
Does Tom eat pork?
Does Tom eat spicy food?
Does Tom eat spinach?
Does Tom enjoy doing that?
Does Tom enjoy his work?
Does Tom enjoy horseback riding?
Does Tom enjoy it?
Does Tom enjoy old films?
Does Tom enjoy old movies?
Does Tom enjoy surfing?
Does Tom enjoy swimming?
Does Tom enjoy traveling?
Does Tom enjoy watching horror movies?
Does Tom even care about what happens to me?
Does Tom even care?
Does Tom even have a pink shirt?
Does Tom even know French?
Does Tom even know how to handle a firearm?
Does Tom ever bring his work home?
Does Tom ever bring work home?
Does Tom ever call Mary?
Does Tom ever call you?
Does Tom ever come here?
Does Tom ever come to Australia?
Does Tom ever compliment you?
Does Tom ever do that?
Does Tom ever do this?
Does Tom ever drive to work?
Does Tom ever forget anything?
Does Tom ever get angry?
Does Tom ever get carsick or dizzy?
Does Tom ever get carsick?
Does Tom ever get mad at you?
Does Tom ever get mad?
Does Tom ever get tired?
Does Tom ever get upset?
Does Tom ever get violent?
Does Tom ever give you compliments?
Does Tom ever go running?
Does Tom ever go to Boston?
Does Tom ever grow tired?
Does Tom ever help you with your homework?
Does Tom ever hug his children?
Does Tom ever hug his daughters?
Does Tom ever laugh?
Does Tom ever mention me?
Does Tom ever pester you?
Does Tom ever rest?
Does Tom ever say no?
Does Tom ever sleep?
Does Tom ever smile?
Does Tom ever snore?
Does Tom ever speak French with you?
Does Tom ever talk about his personal life?
Does Tom ever talk about his work?
Does Tom ever talk about me?
Does Tom ever tell you how to do your job?
Does Tom ever tell you that he loves you?
Does Tom ever tell you what to do?
Does Tom ever visit you?
Does Tom ever wear a hat?
Does Tom ever wear a tie?
Does Tom ever wear pink shirts?
Does Tom ever wear short pants?
Does Tom ever work late?
Does Tom ever write letters in French?
Does Tom expect me to do that?
Does Tom expect to win?
Does Tom faint often?
Does Tom feel OK?
Does Tom feel all right?
Does Tom feel any better?
Does Tom feel better now?
Does Tom feel better today?
Does Tom feel better?
Does Tom feel guilty?
Does Tom feel the same way about that as you do?
Does Tom feel the same way?
Does Tom feel well?
Does Tom find that annoying?
Does Tom fish?
Does Tom follow football?
Does Tom follow soccer?
Does Tom follow your advice?
Does Tom frighten you?
Does Tom gamble?
Does Tom get along with Mary?
Does Tom get along with his coworkers?
Does Tom get angry a lot?
Does Tom get angry?
Does Tom get into the city very often?
Does Tom get jealous?
Does Tom get many visitors?
Does Tom get migraines often?
Does Tom get on well with other people?
Does Tom get paid for doing that?
Does Tom get paid to do that?
Does Tom get to keep the money he stole?
Does Tom go downtown often?
Does Tom go on like that every night?
Does Tom go out a lot?
Does Tom go out much?
Does Tom go out often?
Does Tom go to Australia often?
Does Tom go to Boston often?
Does Tom go to church every Sunday?
Does Tom go to church?
Does Tom go to college?
Does Tom go to school?
Does Tom go to the market?
Does Tom go to the same school Mary does?
Does Tom go to the same school as Mary?
Does Tom go to the same school as you?
Does Tom go to the same school that Mary does?
Does Tom gossip a lot?
Does Tom grow pumpkins, too?
Does Tom hang out with them?
Does Tom hate it?
Does Tom hate me now?
Does Tom hate me?
Does Tom hate you?
Does Tom have Mondays off?
Does Tom have WhatsApp?
Does Tom have a PhD?
Does Tom have a backpack?
Does Tom have a backup plan?
Does Tom have a bank account in the Cayman Islands?
Does Tom have a beard?
Does Tom have a bicycle?
Does Tom have a big family?
Does Tom have a big nose?
Does Tom have a bike?
Does Tom have a birthmark?
Does Tom have a black car?
Does Tom have a blog?
Does Tom have a boat?
Does Tom have a brother?
Does Tom have a brown coat?
Does Tom have a car now?
Does Tom have a car?
Does Tom have a cat?
Does Tom have a chance of winning?
Does Tom have a chance to win?
Does Tom have a chance?
Does Tom have a choice?
Does Tom have a civil service job?
Does Tom have a cold?
Does Tom have a computer?
Does Tom have a contingency plan?
Does Tom have a copy of this?
Does Tom have a credit card?
Does Tom have a criminal record?
Does Tom have a crush on Mary?
Does Tom have a current driving licence?
Does Tom have a daughter named Mary?
Does Tom have a daughter?
Does Tom have a dictionary?
Does Tom have a dog?
Does Tom have a driver's license?
Does Tom have a fever?
Does Tom have a fishing license?
Does Tom have a fixation on you?
Does Tom have a future here?
Does Tom have a garden?
Does Tom have a girlfriend now?
Does Tom have a girlfriend?
Does Tom have a good command of French?
Does Tom have a good lawyer?
Does Tom have a good relationship with Mary's parents?
Does Tom have a guitar?
Does Tom have a gun?
Does Tom have a hat?
Does Tom have a hobby?
Does Tom have a horse?
Does Tom have a house now?
Does Tom have a house?
Does Tom have a hunting license?
Does Tom have a job?
Does Tom have a key to Mary's apartment?
Does Tom have a key to Mary's flat?
Does Tom have a key to Mary’s apartment?
Does Tom have a key to your apartment?
Does Tom have a key?
Does Tom have a knife?
Does Tom have a last name?
Does Tom have a lawyer?
Does Tom have a learning disability?
Does Tom have a licence?
Does Tom have a license?
Does Tom have a lot of friends?
Does Tom have a lot of money?
Does Tom have a lot of time?
Does Tom have a lot to do?
Does Tom have a map?
Does Tom have a motorcycle?
Does Tom have a mustache?
Does Tom have a nice car?
Does Tom have a nice room?
Does Tom have a part-time job?
Does Tom have a partner?
Does Tom have a pass?
Does Tom have a passport?
Does Tom have a pet?
Does Tom have a phone?
Does Tom have a piano?
Does Tom have a pink shirt?
Does Tom have a plan yet?
Does Tom have a plan?
Does Tom have a ponytail?
Does Tom have a pool?
Does Tom have a problem with that?
Does Tom have a pulse?
Does Tom have a raincoat?
Does Tom have a reason?
Does Tom have a record?
Does Tom have a rifle?
Does Tom have a scarf?
Does Tom have a scooter?
Does Tom have a secret?
Does Tom have a sense of humor?
Does Tom have a shotgun?
Does Tom have a sister?
Does Tom have a snowboard?
Does Tom have a son?
Does Tom have a summer house?
Does Tom have a tattoo?
Does Tom have a telescope?
Does Tom have a tennis racket?
Does Tom have a tenor saxophone?
Does Tom have a valid driver's license?
Does Tom have a valid driving licence?
Does Tom have a watch?
Does Tom have a weapon?
Does Tom have a website?
Does Tom have a wife?
Does Tom have a will?
Does Tom have a younger brother?
Does Tom have an ID card?
Does Tom have an air conditioner?
Does Tom have an alibi for the time Mary was killed?
Does Tom have an alibi?
Does Tom have an appointment?
Does Tom have an attorney?
Does Tom have an iPad?
Does Tom have an older brother?
Does Tom have an opinion on what happened?
Does Tom have an umbrella?
Does Tom have any allergies?
Does Tom have any brothers and sisters?
Does Tom have any brothers or sisters?
Does Tom have any brothers?
Does Tom have any children?
Does Tom have any close friends?
Does Tom have any enemies?
Does Tom have any experience?
Does Tom have any family?
Does Tom have any food?
Does Tom have any friends?
Does Tom have any girlfriends?
Does Tom have any idea what you're up to?
Does Tom have any idea where Mary might've gone?
Does Tom have any kids?
Does Tom have any medical problems?
Does Tom have any pets?
Does Tom have any plans yet?
Does Tom have any relatives living in Australia?
Does Tom have any relatives living in Boston?
Does Tom have any scars?
Does Tom have any siblings?
Does Tom have any sisters?
Does Tom have any sons?
Does Tom have any tattoos?
Does Tom have any understanding of the financial markets?
Does Tom have anything else to offer?
Does Tom have anything left?
Does Tom have anything?
Does Tom have arthritis?
Does Tom have big feet?
Does Tom have blue eyes?
Does Tom have cable?
Does Tom have children?
Does Tom have classes today?
Does Tom have doubts?
Does Tom have enough money to buy that?
Does Tom have enough money to buy what he needs?
Does Tom have enough money?
Does Tom have enough?
Does Tom have everything he needs?
Does Tom have everything that he needs?
Does Tom have experience?
Does Tom have feelings for me?
Does Tom have fire insurance?
Does Tom have freckles?
Does Tom have gray hair?
Does Tom have green eyes?
Does Tom have grey hair?
Does Tom have health insurance?
Does Tom have his coat on?
Does Tom have his driver's license?
Does Tom have his iPad with him?
Does Tom have insurance?
Does Tom have it?
Does Tom have kids?
Does Tom have long hair?
Does Tom have lots of friends?
Does Tom have many books?
Does Tom have many friends?
Does Tom have mental problems?
Does Tom have money?
Does Tom have more money than you?
Does Tom have more than one computer?
Does Tom have more than one girlfriend?
Does Tom have one of these?
Does Tom have one?
Does Tom have plans tonight?
Does Tom have something planned tomorrow?
Does Tom have something to hide?
Does Tom have tattoos?
Does Tom have the ability to do that?
Does Tom have the authority to do that?
Does Tom have the same opinion?
Does Tom have the skill to do that?
Does Tom have to be doing that now?
Does Tom have to be here tomorrow?
Does Tom have to be here?
Does Tom have to be present?
Does Tom have to be there too?
Does Tom have to be there?
Does Tom have to do his homework now?
Does Tom have to do it?
Does Tom have to do more?
Does Tom have to do that again?
Does Tom have to do that every day?
Does Tom have to do that now?
Does Tom have to do that today?
Does Tom have to do that, too?
Does Tom have to do that?
Does Tom have to do this now?
Does Tom have to do this?
Does Tom have to go anywhere else?
Does Tom have to go to many meetings?
Does Tom have to go?
Does Tom have to help Mary?
Does Tom have to help?
Does Tom have to leave today?
Does Tom have to leave?
Does Tom have to pay for everything?
Does Tom have to stay at home again today?
Does Tom have to stay at home today?
Does Tom have to stay home again today?
Does Tom have to stay home today?
Does Tom have to stay in Australia all week?
Does Tom have to stay in Boston all week?
Does Tom have to stay?
Does Tom have to study French?
Does Tom have to walk to school every day?
Does Tom have to work on Saturdays?
Does Tom have to work on Sundays?
Does Tom have to work today?
Does Tom have to write the letter today?
Does Tom have warm towels?
Does Tom have what he needs?
Does Tom have what it takes to manage a team full time?
Does Tom have what it takes?
Does Tom have your number?
Does Tom have your password?
Does Tom have your phone number?
Does Tom help Mary?
Does Tom help sometimes?
Does Tom help you in the kitchen?
Does Tom help you wash windows?
Does Tom help you?
Does Tom help?
Does Tom hit you?
Does Tom hurt you often?
Does Tom intend to become a doctor?
Does Tom intend to do that?
Does Tom intend to help us?
Does Tom keep a diary?
Does Tom keep his promises?
Does Tom keep in touch?
Does Tom kiss you?
Does Tom know CPR?
Does Tom know French?
Does Tom know I can't do that?
Does Tom know I can't speak French?
Does Tom know I can't swim very well?
Does Tom know I can't swim?
Does Tom know I don't want him to do that again?
Does Tom know I don't want him to do that anymore?
Does Tom know I don't want him to do that?
Does Tom know I don't want him to win?
Does Tom know I don't want to do that?
Does Tom know I want him to do that?
Does Tom know I want him to win?
Does Tom know I'm here?
Does Tom know I'm in here?
Does Tom know I'm leaving?
Does Tom know Mary and I can't take care of ourselves?
Does Tom know Mary can't swim very well?
Does Tom know Mary can't swim?
Does Tom know Mary did that?
Does Tom know Mary died?
Does Tom know Mary has done that?
Does Tom know Mary is an orphan?
Does Tom know Mary is here?
Does Tom know Mary is his mother?
Does Tom know Mary is still in the hospital?
Does Tom know Mary left early?
Does Tom know Mary wants to do that?
Does Tom know Mary's dog's name?
Does Tom know Mary's last name?
Does Tom know Mary's maiden name?
Does Tom know Mary's middle name?
Does Tom know Mary's real name?
Does Tom know Mary?
Does Tom know a good cook?
Does Tom know a lot about Australia?
Does Tom know about Mary?
Does Tom know about all this?
Does Tom know about any of this?
Does Tom know about it?
Does Tom know about me?
Does Tom know about that?
Does Tom know about this report?
Does Tom know about this?
Does Tom know about us?
Does Tom know all of Mary's cats' names?
Does Tom know all this?
Does Tom know any of this?
Does Tom know anything about it?
Does Tom know anything about last night?
Does Tom know anything about that?
Does Tom know anything?
Does Tom know he was adopted?
Does Tom know how Mary died?
Does Tom know how Mary feels about John?
Does Tom know how Mary feels about him?
Does Tom know how much you paid for that?
Does Tom know how much you paid for this?
Does Tom know how to cook?
Does Tom know how to dance?
Does Tom know how to do it?
Does Tom know how to do that?
Does Tom know how to do this?
Does Tom know how to drive?
Does Tom know how to get here?
Does Tom know how to get home?
Does Tom know how to get there?
Does Tom know how to get to Mary's house?
Does Tom know how to get to your house?
Does Tom know how to juggle?
Does Tom know how to knit?
Does Tom know how to play golf?
Does Tom know how to play mahjong?
Does Tom know how to play the guitar?
Does Tom know how to play the piano?
Does Tom know how to play this game?
Does Tom know how to protect his plants from pests naturally?
Does Tom know how to read?
Does Tom know how to ride a horse?
Does Tom know how to ski?
Does Tom know how to speak French?
Does Tom know how to swim?
Does Tom know how you feel about Mary?
Does Tom know how you feel about him?
Does Tom know how you feel about this?
Does Tom know me?
Does Tom know more than he is admitting?
Does Tom know my name?
Does Tom know that I can't do that?
Does Tom know that I can't speak French?
Does Tom know that I can't swim very well?
Does Tom know that I can't swim?
Does Tom know that I don't want him to do that again?
Does Tom know that I don't want him to do that anymore?
Does Tom know that I don't want him to do that?
Does Tom know that I don't want him to win?
Does Tom know that I don't want to do that?
Does Tom know that I want him to do that?
Does Tom know that I want him to win?
Does Tom know that I'm here?
Does Tom know that Mary can't swim very well?
Does Tom know that Mary can't swim?
Does Tom know that Mary is his mother?
Does Tom know that Mary is married?
Does Tom know that Mary is still in the hospital?
Does Tom know that Mary was the one who did that?
Does Tom know that Mary was the one who killed his dog?
Does Tom know that we're going to have a party?
Does Tom know that you can't do that today?
Does Tom know that you can't do that?
Does Tom know that you can't eat nuts?
Does Tom know that you can't speak French?
Does Tom know that you can't swim very well?
Does Tom know that you can't swim?
Does Tom know that you did that yesterday?
Does Tom know that you did that?
Does Tom know that you don't know how to speak French?
Does Tom know that you know?
Does Tom know that you like Mary?
Does Tom know that you like him?
Does Tom know that you love Mary?
Does Tom know that you love him?
Does Tom know that you want to buy a new computer?
Does Tom know that you want to do that before 2:30?
Does Tom know that you want to do that today?
Does Tom know that you want to do that while you're in Boston?
Does Tom know that you want to do that with him?
Does Tom know that you want to do that?
Does Tom know that you were born in Australia?
Does Tom know that you were born in Boston?
Does Tom know that you work here?
Does Tom know that you're coming?
Does Tom know that you're doing this?
Does Tom know that you're going out?
Does Tom know that you're going to Australia?
Does Tom know that you're going to Boston?
Does Tom know that you're going to be in Australia next October?
Does Tom know that you're going to be in Boston next October?
Does Tom know that you're going to do that?
Does Tom know that you're here?
Does Tom know that you're not going to Boston with us?
Does Tom know that you're not going to be at today's meeting?
Does Tom know that you're not going to do that for him?
Does Tom know that you're not going to do that?
Does Tom know that you've already done that?
Does Tom know that you've already talked to Mary about that?
Does Tom know that you've been here before?
Does Tom know that you've done that already?
Does Tom know that you've done that before?
Does Tom know that you've done that?
Does Tom know that?
Does Tom know the area well?
Does Tom know the best ways to compost in a small space?
Does Tom know the rules?
Does Tom know the truth?
Does Tom know the way?
Does Tom know their names?
Does Tom know this story?
Does Tom know this?
Does Tom know those people?
Does Tom know we can't do that without his help?
Does Tom know we can't do that?
Does Tom know we can't speak French?
Does Tom know we can't take care of ourselves?
Does Tom know we can't win?
Does Tom know we don't eat meat?
Does Tom know we don't want him to do that?
Does Tom know we don't want him to win?
Does Tom know we don't want to do that?
Does Tom know we know?
Does Tom know we never do that?
Does Tom know we never win?
Does Tom know we want him to do that?
Does Tom know we want him to go with us?
Does Tom know we want him to win?
Does Tom know we're here?
Does Tom know we've never done this before?
Does Tom know what Mary did?
Does Tom know what Mary expects him to do?
Does Tom know what Mary is doing?
Does Tom know what Mary is going to do next year?
Does Tom know what Mary said?
Does Tom know what happened last night?
Does Tom know what happened?
Does Tom know what he is doing?
Does Tom know what he's doing?
Does Tom know what he's going to do next year?
Does Tom know what love is?
Does Tom know what needs to be done?
Does Tom know what the problem is?
Does Tom know what they're called?
Does Tom know what time Mary's curfew is?
Does Tom know what to bring?
Does Tom know what to do with this?
Does Tom know what to do?
Does Tom know what we did?
Does Tom know what we do?
Does Tom know what we want?
Does Tom know what you did?
Does Tom know what you do every afternoon?
Does Tom know what you do?
Does Tom know what you expect him to do?
Does Tom know what you know?
Does Tom know what you need?
Does Tom know what you said?
Does Tom know what you're doing here?
Does Tom know what you're doing?
Does Tom know what you're going to do next year?
Does Tom know what you're here for?
Does Tom know what you're talking about?
Does Tom know what you've done?
Does Tom know what your expectations are?
Does Tom know what your opinion is?
Does Tom know what's going on?
Does Tom know what's happening?
Does Tom know when Mary will be here?
Does Tom know when the party is going to be?
Does Tom know when the party is going to start?
Does Tom know where I am?
Does Tom know where I live?
Does Tom know where Mary is?
Does Tom know where Mary lives?
Does Tom know where Mary was born?
Does Tom know where Mary went?
Does Tom know where Mary's house is?
Does Tom know where everybody else is?
Does Tom know where everyone else is?
Does Tom know where the others are?
Does Tom know where the party is?
Does Tom know where to go?
Does Tom know where we are?
Does Tom know where we live?
Does Tom know where you are?
Does Tom know where you bought that?
Does Tom know where you got that?
Does Tom know where you live?
Does Tom know where you used to live?
Does Tom know where you were born?
Does Tom know who I am?
Does Tom know who Mary is?
Does Tom know who did it?
Does Tom know who did that?
Does Tom know who gave you that necklace?
Does Tom know who mugged him?
Does Tom know who said that?
Does Tom know who that is?
Does Tom know who they are?
Does Tom know who we are?
Does Tom know who won?
Does Tom know who you got that necklace from?
Does Tom know why Mary did that?
Does Tom know why Mary didn't do that?
Does Tom know why Mary didn't eat the ham sandwich he made for her?
Does Tom know why Mary didn't invite him to her party?
Does Tom know why Mary didn't win?
Does Tom know why Mary doesn't like him?
Does Tom know why Mary doesn't want to go to Boston with us?
Does Tom know why Mary lied?
Does Tom know why he's coming here?
Does Tom know why we're here?
Does Tom know why you did that?
Does Tom know why you didn't do that?
Does Tom know why you didn't win?
Does Tom know why you don't like Mary?
Does Tom know why you don't like him?
Does Tom know why you left early?
Does Tom know why you left?
Does Tom know why you weren't at his party?
Does Tom know why you're doing this?
Does Tom know why you're here?
Does Tom know why?
Does Tom know yet?
Does Tom know you can't do that today?
Does Tom know you can't do that?
Does Tom know you can't eat nuts?
Does Tom know you can't speak French?
Does Tom know you can't swim very well?
Does Tom know you can't swim?
Does Tom know you did that yesterday?
Does Tom know you did that?
Does Tom know you don't know how to speak French?
Does Tom know you drink?
Does Tom know you know?
Does Tom know you like Mary?
Does Tom know you like him?
Does Tom know you love Mary?
Does Tom know you love him?
Does Tom know you smoke?
Does Tom know you want to buy a new computer?
Does Tom know you want to do that before 2:30?
Does Tom know you want to do that today?
Does Tom know you want to do that while you're in Boston?
Does Tom know you want to do that with him?
Does Tom know you want to do that?
Does Tom know you were born in Australia?
Does Tom know you were born in Boston?
Does Tom know you work here?
Does Tom know you're back?
Does Tom know you're coming?
Does Tom know you're doing this?
Does Tom know you're going out?
Does Tom know you're going to Australia?
Does Tom know you're going to Boston?
Does Tom know you're going to be in Australia next October?
Does Tom know you're going to be in Boston next October?
Does Tom know you're going to do that?
Does Tom know you're here now?
Does Tom know you're here?
Does Tom know you're leaving?
Does Tom know you're not going to Boston with us?
Does Tom know you're not going to be at today's meeting?
Does Tom know you're not going to do that for him?
Does Tom know you're not going to do that?
Does Tom know you've already done that?
Does Tom know you've already talked to Mary about that?
Does Tom know you've been here before?
Does Tom know you've done that already?
Does Tom know you've done that before?
Does Tom know you've done that?
Does Tom know you?
Does Tom know your boyfriend's name?
Does Tom know your phone number?
Does Tom know your telephone number?
Does Tom know?
Does Tom leave early?
Does Tom let you do that?
Does Tom lift weights?
Does Tom like Australia?
Does Tom like Boston?
Does Tom like Brussels sprouts?
Does Tom like Chinese food?
Does Tom like Earl Grey tea?
Does Tom like French?
Does Tom like Indian food?
Does Tom like Italian food?
Does Tom like Korean food?
Does Tom like Maria?
Does Tom like Mary?
Does Tom like Mexican food?
Does Tom like Thai food?
Does Tom like Vivaldi?
Does Tom like anchovies?
Does Tom like apple pie?
Does Tom like apples?
Does Tom like bananas?
Does Tom like baseball?
Does Tom like basketball?
Does Tom like beer?
Does Tom like being alone?
Does Tom like bowling?
Does Tom like broccoli?
Does Tom like camping?
Does Tom like carrots?
Does Tom like cats?
Does Tom like cheese?
Does Tom like cheeseburgers?
Does Tom like chicken?
Does Tom like chocolate?
Does Tom like classical music?
Does Tom like coffee?
Does Tom like comic books?
Does Tom like cooking?
Does Tom like cycling?
Does Tom like daisies?
Does Tom like dancing?
Does Tom like dogs?
Does Tom like doing that?
Does Tom like fish?
Does Tom like fishing?
Does Tom like flowers?
Does Tom like folk music?
Does Tom like gardening?
Does Tom like golf?
Does Tom like grapes?
Does Tom like green tea?
Does Tom like hiking?
Does Tom like his classes?
Does Tom like his job?
Does Tom like his new job?
Does Tom like his parents?
Does Tom like honey?
Does Tom like horseback riding?
Does Tom like horses?
Does Tom like it here?
Does Tom like it in Boston?
Does Tom like it there?
Does Tom like it?
Does Tom like jazz?
Does Tom like kayaking?
Does Tom like liver?
Does Tom like living here?
Does Tom like living in Boston?
Does Tom like me?
Does Tom like mountain climbing?
Does Tom like music?
Does Tom like onions?
Does Tom like opera?
Does Tom like oranges?
Does Tom like oysters?
Does Tom like pancakes?
Does Tom like pasta?
Does Tom like pears?
Does Tom like peas?
Does Tom like pepper?
Does Tom like pizza?
Does Tom like playing baseball?
Does Tom like playing tennis?
Does Tom like pork?
Does Tom like rap?
Does Tom like reading books?
Does Tom like rice?
Does Tom like rugby?
Does Tom like running?
Does Tom like sailing?
Does Tom like salmon?
Does Tom like school?
Does Tom like sci-fi movies?
Does Tom like scrambled eggs?
Does Tom like seafood?
Does Tom like singing?
Does Tom like skating?
Does Tom like skin diving?
Does Tom like soccer?
Does Tom like spaghetti?
Does Tom like spicy food?
Does Tom like spinach?
Does Tom like sports?
Does Tom like strawberries?
Does Tom like studying?
Does Tom like surfing?
Does Tom like sushi?
Does Tom like swimming?
Does Tom like talking about baseball?
Does Tom like tea?
Does Tom like tennis?
Does Tom like that?
Does Tom like the same kind of movies as Mary?
Does Tom like the same kind of music as Mary does?
Does Tom like the same kind of music as Mary?
Does Tom like this kind of music?
Does Tom like this?
Does Tom like to cook?
Does Tom like to dance, too?
Does Tom like to dance?
Does Tom like to do that?
Does Tom like to draw?
Does Tom like to play golf?
Does Tom like to sing?
Does Tom like to swim?
Does Tom like to travel?
Does Tom like to watch TV?
Does Tom like to wear hats?
Does Tom like tomatoes?
Does Tom like traveling?
Does Tom like walking?
Does Tom like watching baseball?
Does Tom like watching horror movies?
Does Tom like wine?
Does Tom like working here?
Does Tom like yoga?
Does Tom like you?
Does Tom like your cooking?
Does Tom like your new haircut?
Does Tom listen to you?
Does Tom listen?
Does Tom live alone?
Does Tom live around here?
Does Tom live by himself?
Does Tom live close by?
Does Tom live far from here?
Does Tom live far from where you live?
Does Tom live far from you?
Does Tom live here with you?
Does Tom live here?
Does Tom live in Australia?
Does Tom live in Boston?
Does Tom live in Munich?
Does Tom live in this area?
Does Tom live in this building?
Does Tom live in this neighborhood?
Does Tom live near Mary?
Does Tom live near a park?
Does Tom live near here?
Does Tom live near you?
Does Tom live nearby?
Does Tom live there?
Does Tom live with you?
Does Tom look all right to you?
Does Tom look angry to you?
Does Tom look angry?
Does Tom look confused?
Does Tom look different to you?
Does Tom look happy to you?
Does Tom look like he knows what he's doing?
Does Tom look like he's busy?
Does Tom look like he's happy?
Does Tom look like he's having a good time?
Does Tom look like he's having fun?
Does Tom look like he's in pain?
Does Tom look like he's lonely?
Does Tom look like he's sleeping?
Does Tom look like his father?
Does Tom look like this?
Does Tom look nervous to you?
Does Tom look sleepy?
Does Tom look the same?
Does Tom look thin to you?
Does Tom look thirty to you?
Does Tom look upset?
Does Tom lose his temper often?
Does Tom love me?
Does Tom make a lot of money?
Does Tom make his bed every morning?
Does Tom make money?
Does Tom make you do that?
Does Tom make you do this?
Does Tom make you happy?
Does Tom make you nervous?
Does Tom mean it?
Does Tom meditate?
Does Tom meet all the criteria for the perfect husband?
Does Tom meet at least any of the criteria for a good husband?
Does Tom mind?
Does Tom miss Australia?
Does Tom miss Boston?
Does Tom miss Mary?
Does Tom miss me?
Does Tom need Mary's help?
Does Tom need a coat?
Does Tom need a doctor?
Does Tom need a flashlight?
Does Tom need a hand?
Does Tom need a key?
Does Tom need a lawyer?
Does Tom need a lift home?
Does Tom need a lift?
Does Tom need a map?
Does Tom need a place to stay?
Does Tom need a ride home?
Does Tom need a ride?
Does Tom need an umbrella?
Does Tom need any help?
Does Tom need any money?
Does Tom need anything else?
Does Tom need anything?
Does Tom need assistance?
Does Tom need company?
Does Tom need glasses?
Does Tom need help with his homework?
Does Tom need help?
Does Tom need it now?
Does Tom need me?
Does Tom need money?
Does Tom need more money?
Does Tom need more time?
Does Tom need my assistance?
Does Tom need my help?
Does Tom need our help?
Does Tom need psychiatric help?
Does Tom need some help?
Does Tom need surgery?
Does Tom need to be doing that now?
Does Tom need to be doing that?
Does Tom need to be here tomorrow?
Does Tom need to be here?
Does Tom need to come back here tomorrow?
Does Tom need to do it?
Does Tom need to do more?
Does Tom need to do that again?
Does Tom need to do that every day?
Does Tom need to do that now?
Does Tom need to do that today?
Does Tom need to do that?
Does Tom need to do this now?
Does Tom need to go anywhere else?
Does Tom need to go right away?
Does Tom need to go right now?
Does Tom need to go to Australia?
Does Tom need to go to Boston?
Does Tom need to go?
Does Tom need to leave now?
Does Tom need to leave today?
Does Tom need to stay home today?
Does Tom need to stay in Australia, too?
Does Tom need to stay in Boston, too?
Does Tom not like me?
Does Tom not think he can do that?
Does Tom not think that he can do that?
Does Tom not understand what's going on?
Does Tom not understand what's happening?
Does Tom often borrow your car?
Does Tom often call his parents?
Does Tom often come here?
Does Tom often complain about back pain?
Does Tom often drink milk?
Does Tom often eat dinner at your house?
Does Tom often eat lunch at your house?
Does Tom often eat out?
Does Tom often get into fights?
Does Tom often go drinking with Mary?
Does Tom often go on business trips?
Does Tom often go shopping?
Does Tom often go to Boston?
Does Tom often skip breakfast?
Does Tom often take trips?
Does Tom often travel on business?
Does Tom often walk home?
Does Tom often wear sports gear?
Does Tom often wear sportswear?
Does Tom owe you a lot?
Does Tom owe you any money?
Does Tom owe you money?
Does Tom own a boat?
Does Tom own a car?
Does Tom own a gun?
Does Tom own a house?
Does Tom own a rifle?
Does Tom own a vehicle?
Does Tom own a watch?
Does Tom own any land?
Does Tom own any other property?
Does Tom own property in Boston?
Does Tom paint, too?
Does Tom pay you enough?
Does Tom pay you well?
Does Tom pay you?
Does Tom pick on you a lot?
Does Tom plan on doing that with Mary?
Does Tom plan to do it?
Does Tom plan to do that with Mary?
Does Tom plan to do that?
Does Tom plan to go abroad?
Does Tom plan to go again?
Does Tom plan to help us?
Does Tom plan to stay long?
Does Tom play Animal Crossing?
Does Tom play baseball?
Does Tom play basketball?
Does Tom play cards?
Does Tom play chess often?
Does Tom play chess?
Does Tom play cricket?
Does Tom play drums?
Does Tom play football?
Does Tom play golf often?
Does Tom play golf?
Does Tom play hockey?
Does Tom play in a band?
Does Tom play polo?
Does Tom play soccer?
Does Tom play squash?
Does Tom play tennis very often?
Does Tom play tennis well?
Does Tom play tennis?
Does Tom play the drums?
Does Tom play the guitar as well as Mary does?
Does Tom play the guitar as well as Mary?
Does Tom play the guitar?
Does Tom play the mandolin, too?
Does Tom play the mandolin?
Does Tom play the piano?
Does Tom play the trumpet?
Does Tom play video games?
Does Tom play volleyball?
Does Tom play water polo?
Does Tom practice yoga?
Does Tom prefer to jog or work out in a gym?
Does Tom put sugar in his tea?
Does Tom read a lot?
Does Tom read many books?
Does Tom read palms?
Does Tom realise what he's done?
Does Tom realize he could die in prison?
Does Tom realize that you're here?
Does Tom realize what he's done?
Does Tom really always swim by himself? Isn't that dangerous?
Does Tom really believe that Mary was abducted by aliens?
Does Tom really believe that?
Does Tom really believe what Mary said?
Does Tom really believe what he's saying?
Does Tom really belong here?
Does Tom really belong in prison?
Does Tom really care what Mary thinks?
Does Tom really care what happens?
Does Tom really care?
Does Tom really deserve to be punished?
Does Tom really do that?
Does Tom really drink that stuff?
Does Tom really expect Mary to do that?
Does Tom really expect Mary to help him?
Does Tom really expect Mary to win?
Does Tom really expect me to believe that?
Does Tom really hate Mary?
Does Tom really hate doing that?
Does Tom really hate girls?
Does Tom really have a girlfriend?
Does Tom really have any credibility?
Does Tom really have everything he needs?
Does Tom really have one of those?
Does Tom really have to do that today?
Does Tom really have to do that?
Does Tom really have to go?
Does Tom really know Mary?
Does Tom really like it?
Does Tom really like me?
Does Tom really like opera?
Does Tom really live alone?
Does Tom really live here?
Does Tom really love me?
Does Tom really mean that?
Does Tom really need a car?
Does Tom really need help?
Does Tom really need that?
Does Tom really need these?
Does Tom really need this?
Does Tom really need to do that?
Does Tom really need to go to Australia?
Does Tom really need to go to Boston?
Does Tom really need to learn German?
Does Tom really need your help?
Does Tom really not know?
Does Tom really plan to go with you?
Does Tom really sing those kinds of songs?
Does Tom really think I like him?
Does Tom really think I want this?
Does Tom really think Mary and I can do that by ourselves?
Does Tom really think Mary and I can take care of ourselves?
Does Tom really think Mary enjoys doing that?
Does Tom really think Mary enjoys eating with him?
Does Tom really think Mary is a good cook?
Does Tom really think Mary is younger than he is?
Does Tom really think Mary likes him?
Does Tom really think Mary will go to the dance with him?
Does Tom really think anyone is listening?
Does Tom really think he can convince Mary to buy his old car?
Does Tom really think he can convince Mary to do that?
Does Tom really think he can convince Mary to go to the dance with him?
Does Tom really think he can convince Mary to help him?
Does Tom really think he can do that by himself?
Does Tom really think he can do that without any help?
Does Tom really think he can do that?
Does Tom really think he can take care of himself?
Does Tom really think he can win?
Does Tom really think he's the only one here who can speak French?
Does Tom really think people do that anymore?
Does Tom really think people still do that?
Does Tom really think so?
Does Tom really think that Mary enjoys doing that?
Does Tom really think that Mary likes him?
Does Tom really think that he can convince Mary to do that?
Does Tom really think that'll happen?
Does Tom really think that?
Does Tom really think we're that gullible?
Does Tom really think we're that stupid?
Does Tom really understand what's going on?
Does Tom really understand what's going to happen?
Does Tom really understand what's happening?
Does Tom really walk to work every morning?
Does Tom really want Mary to leave?
Does Tom really want another dog?
Does Tom really want it?
Does Tom really want me to be frank?
Does Tom really want me to come to his party?
Does Tom really want me to do that?
Does Tom really want me to do this?
Does Tom really want me to leave?
Does Tom really want me to tell Mary?
Does Tom really want that?
Does Tom really want this?
Does Tom really want to be left alone?
Does Tom really want to be on the team?
Does Tom really want to do that?
Does Tom really want to do this?
Does Tom really want to go?
Does Tom really want to know?
Does Tom really want to win?
Does Tom really want us to do that?
Does Tom really win every time he plays chess with Mary?
Does Tom really work for Mary?
Does Tom recycle?
Does Tom regret doing that?
Does Tom regret not doing that earlier?
Does Tom regret what happened?
Does Tom rely on us?
Does Tom remember anything?
Does Tom remember me?
Does Tom remember what happened yesterday?
Does Tom remind you of anybody?
Does Tom remind you of anyone?
Does Tom return phone calls promptly?
Does Tom ride every day?
Does Tom ride his horse every day?
Does Tom run cross country?
Does Tom run every day?
Does Tom sail?
Does Tom say that?
Does Tom scare you?
Does Tom see it happening this year?
Does Tom seem OK?
Does Tom seem busy?
Does Tom seem different to you?
Does Tom seem dim-witted to you?
Does Tom seem happy to you?
Does Tom seem helpless?
Does Tom seem insane to you?
Does Tom seem like he's afraid of anyone?
Does Tom seem nice?
Does Tom seriously think Mary will go out with him?
Does Tom seriously think anybody will vote for him?
Does Tom seriously think that's going to happen?
Does Tom shower every day?
Does Tom sing in the bath?
Does Tom sing well?
Does Tom sing?
Does Tom ski very well?
Does Tom ski?
Does Tom sleep a lot?
Does Tom smoke a lot?
Does Tom smoke?
Does Tom snore?
Does Tom sometimes fall asleep in class?
Does Tom sometimes go to Australia?
Does Tom sometimes go to Boston?
Does Tom sometimes mention Mary?
Does Tom sound like a woman's name to you?
Does Tom speak French as well?
Does Tom speak French better than Mary?
Does Tom speak French fluently?
Does Tom speak French well?
Does Tom speak French, too?
Does Tom speak French?
Does Tom speak to his children in English only?
Does Tom speak to you in French?
Does Tom spend a lot of money?
Does Tom spend a lot?
Does Tom stammer?
Does Tom stay with you when he's in Australia?
Does Tom stay with you when he's in Boston?
Does Tom still always speak French to you?
Does Tom still always win?
Does Tom still believe in Santa Claus?
Does Tom still believe in ghosts?
Does Tom still believe in magic?
Does Tom still bother you?
Does Tom still buy you nice things?
Does Tom still care?
Does Tom still come to Boston every Christmas?
Does Tom still cry a lot?
Does Tom still dance?
Does Tom still do it?
Does Tom still do that a lot?
Does Tom still do that as often as he used to?
Does Tom still do that every day?
Does Tom still do that the same way?
Does Tom still do that?
Does Tom still do the same kind of stuff he used to do?
Does Tom still do the same things he used to do?
Does Tom still do this?
Does Tom still drink coffee?
Does Tom still drive a station wagon?
Does Tom still eat meat?
Does Tom still enjoy it?
Does Tom still enjoy watching horror movies?
Does Tom still feel that way?
Does Tom still forget to lock the door?
Does Tom still get along with his coworkers?
Does Tom still get paid to do that?
Does Tom still give piano lessons?
Does Tom still go bowling as often as he used to?
Does Tom still go out with Mary every Monday like he used to?
Does Tom still go out with Mary every Monday?
Does Tom still go to Australia every summer?
Does Tom still go to Boston every summer?
Does Tom still go to church every Sunday?
Does Tom still go to church?
Does Tom still go to school?
Does Tom still go to the same school as Mary?
Does Tom still go to the same school as you?
Does Tom still hang out with Mary?
Does Tom still hate French?
Does Tom still hate me?
Does Tom still have a beard?
Does Tom still have a bicycle?
Does Tom still have a boat?
Does Tom still have a car?
Does Tom still have a cat?
Does Tom still have a crush on Mary?
Does Tom still have a dog?
Does Tom still have a fever?
Does Tom still have a girlfriend?
Does Tom still have a job?
Does Tom still have a key to your apartment?
Does Tom still have a key?
Does Tom still have a sense of humor?
Does Tom still have a set of keys?
Does Tom still have a summer house?
Does Tom still have a temperature?
Does Tom still have an herb garden?
Does Tom still have feelings for Mary?
Does Tom still have his shoes on?
Does Tom still have it?
Does Tom still have long hair?
Does Tom still have one of those?
Does Tom still have one?
Does Tom still have teeth?
Does Tom still have that red sports car he used to drive?
Does Tom still have the situation under control?
Does Tom still have to do that?
Does Tom still have your key?
Does Tom still help Mary?
Does Tom still help you with your homework?
Does Tom still hit you?
Does Tom still hunt?
Does Tom still ignore you?
Does Tom still keep in touch with Mary?
Does Tom still keep sheep?
Does Tom still like Australia?
Does Tom still like Boston?
Does Tom still like Chinese food?
Does Tom still like Indian food?
Does Tom still like Mary?
Does Tom still like cats?
Does Tom still like cheeseburgers?
Does Tom still like it there?
Does Tom still like jazz?
Does Tom still like school?
Does Tom still like tomatoes?
Does Tom still live around here?
Does Tom still live here with you?
Does Tom still live here?
Does Tom still live in Australia?
Does Tom still live in Boston?
Does Tom still live in the cottage by the river?
Does Tom still live in the same apartment?
Does Tom still live in the same flat?
Does Tom still live on Park Street?
Does Tom still live with his parents?
Does Tom still look angry?
Does Tom still look confused?
Does Tom still look like he's happy?
Does Tom still look mad?
Does Tom still look nervous to you?
Does Tom still look upset?
Does Tom still love Mary?
Does Tom still love his wife?
Does Tom still need a doctor?
Does Tom still need a loan?
Does Tom still need a place to stay?
Does Tom still need help?
Does Tom still need me?
Does Tom still need money?
Does Tom still need my help?
Does Tom still need our help?
Does Tom still need to do that every day?
Does Tom still need to do that?
Does Tom still owe you money?
Does Tom still own property in Boston?
Does Tom still own this land?
Does Tom still plan on doing that with Mary?
Does Tom still plan to do that with Mary?
Does Tom still plan to help us?
Does Tom still play chess with Mary every Monday evening?
Does Tom still play chess?
Does Tom still play drums in Mary's band?
Does Tom still play golf?
Does Tom still play hockey?
Does Tom still play tennis?
Does Tom still play the clarinet?
Does Tom still play the guitar?
Does Tom still play the violin?
Does Tom still pose any threat to us?
Does Tom still practice the piano every day?
Does Tom still put sugar in his tea?
Does Tom still really believe that?
Does Tom still really want to go?
Does Tom still rely on his parents?
Does Tom still remember me?
Does Tom still run the pub in the city centre?
Does Tom still seem confused?
Does Tom still sing?
Does Tom still skate?
Does Tom still smoke?
Does Tom still sometimes fall asleep in class?
Does Tom still speak French better than Mary?
Does Tom still speak French?
Does Tom still stammer?
Does Tom still study French every day?
Does Tom still study French?
Does Tom still study after dinner?
Does Tom still swim every day?
Does Tom still swim?
Does Tom still take pictures?
Does Tom still talk to Mary?
Does Tom still talk to you in French?
Does Tom still talk to you?
Does Tom still teach French?
Does Tom still teach biology?
Does Tom still teach history?
Does Tom still teach?
Does Tom still tell you everything?
Does Tom still tell you what to do?
Does Tom still think Mary and I'll be able to do that by ourselves?
Does Tom still think Mary can do that?
Does Tom still think Mary did it?
Does Tom still think Mary enjoys doing that?
Does Tom still think Mary is a good driver?
Does Tom still think Mary lied?
Does Tom still think Mary would like to go to Australia with us?
Does Tom still think Mary would like to go to Boston with us?
Does Tom still think he can do it?
Does Tom still think he can do that?
Does Tom still think he doesn't have to do that?
Does Tom still think he doesn't need to do that?
Does Tom still think he'll be able to attend the meeting?
Does Tom still think he'll be able to do that by himself?
Does Tom still think he'll be able to do that?
Does Tom still think he'll be in Australia all summer?
Does Tom still think he'll be in Boston all summer?
Does Tom still think he'll get into Harvard?
Does Tom still think he's the only one here who can speak French?
Does Tom still think he's the only one here who can't speak French?
Does Tom still think that I should go talk to Mary?
Does Tom still think that Mary would like to go to Australia with us?
Does Tom still think that he'll be in Australia all summer?
Does Tom still think that's all he has to do?
Does Tom still think that's all he needs to do?
Does Tom still think that's going to be easy?
Does Tom still think that's what we want to do?
Does Tom still think that's what we want?
Does Tom still think that's what you want?
Does Tom still want a car?
Does Tom still want me to drive him to the airport?
Does Tom still want me to go with Mary?
Does Tom still want me to go with him?
Does Tom still want me to help Mary?
Does Tom still want me to help him?
Does Tom still want me to teach him French?
Does Tom still want these?
Does Tom still want this?
Does Tom still want to come?
Does Tom still want to do that with us?
Does Tom still want to do that, too?
Does Tom still want to do that?
Does Tom still want to eat with us?
Does Tom still want to go home with us?
Does Tom still want to go home?
Does Tom still want to go shopping with us this afternoon?
Does Tom still want to go swimming with us next weekend?
Does Tom still want to go to Australia?
Does Tom still want to go to Boston?
Does Tom still want to go to the zoo with us?
Does Tom still want to go with us?
Does Tom still want to go?
Does Tom still want to know how we did that?
Does Tom still want to leave today?
Does Tom still want to see me?
Does Tom still want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
Does Tom still want us to help Mary?
Does Tom still want us to help him?
Does Tom still wear glasses?
Does Tom still work at Chuck's Diner?
Does Tom still work at the post office?
Does Tom still work for Mary?
Does Tom still work here?
Does Tom still work in Australia?
Does Tom still work in Boston?
Does Tom still work out?
Does Tom still work with you?
Does Tom still wrestle?
Does Tom still write music?
Does Tom study French every day?
Does Tom study French?
Does Tom study after dinner?
Does Tom support himself?
Does Tom surf?
Does Tom suspect anything?
Does Tom swim every day?
Does Tom swim here?
Does Tom swim often?
Does Tom swim?
Does Tom take any medications?
Does Tom take care of you or do you take care of him?
Does Tom take criticism well?
Does Tom take trips often?
Does Tom talk a lot?
Does Tom talk about me?
Does Tom talk about us?
Does Tom talk in his sleep?
Does Tom talk to Mary a lot?
Does Tom talk to his plants?
Does Tom talk to you in French?
Does Tom talk to you?
Does Tom talk yet?
Does Tom teach French?
Does Tom teach history?
Does Tom tell you everything?
Does Tom tell you things?
Does Tom tell you what to do?
Does Tom think I can help?
Does Tom think I could go?
Does Tom think I need to go?
Does Tom think I'm to blame?
Does Tom think I'm unhappy?
Does Tom think Mary and I'll be able to do that by ourselves?
Does Tom think Mary can do that?
Does Tom think Mary can swim?
Does Tom think Mary can take care of herself?
Does Tom think Mary did it?
Does Tom think Mary did that?
Does Tom think Mary enjoys doing that?
Does Tom think Mary is a good driver?
Does Tom think Mary is beautiful?
Does Tom think Mary is cute?
Does Tom think Mary is funny?
Does Tom think Mary is happy?
Does Tom think Mary is pretty?
Does Tom think Mary lied?
Does Tom think Mary likes him?
Does Tom think Mary will stay long?
Does Tom think Mary would enjoy playing tennis with us?
Does Tom think Mary would like to go to Australia with us?
Does Tom think Mary would like to go to Boston with us?
Does Tom think he can do it?
Does Tom think he can do that?
Does Tom think he can take care of himself?
Does Tom think he can win?
Does Tom think he doesn't have to do that?
Does Tom think he doesn't need to do that?
Does Tom think he'll be able to attend the meeting?
Does Tom think he'll be able to do that by himself?
Does Tom think he'll be able to do that?
Does Tom think he'll be here a long time?
Does Tom think he'll be in Australia all summer?
Does Tom think he'll be in Boston all summer?
Does Tom think he'll get into Harvard?
Does Tom think he'll stay in Australia long?
Does Tom think he'll stay in Boston long?
Does Tom think he'll stay long?
Does Tom think he's been treated badly?
Does Tom think he's been treated fairly?
Does Tom think he's funny?
Does Tom think he's invincible?
Does Tom think he's still the strongest one here?
Does Tom think he's the only one here who can speak French?
Does Tom think he's the only one here who can't speak French?
Does Tom think it helped?
Does Tom think it will work?
Does Tom think it'll rain?
Does Tom think it'll snow?
Does Tom think it'll work?
Does Tom think it's funny?
Does Tom think it's safe to cross this bridge?
Does Tom think so, too?
Does Tom think that I can help?
Does Tom think that I should go talk to Mary?
Does Tom think that Mary would like to go to Australia with us?
Does Tom think that dogs are smarter than cats?
Does Tom think that he can do it?
Does Tom think that he can do that?
Does Tom think that he can win?
Does Tom think that he doesn't have to do that?
Does Tom think that he doesn't need to do that?
Does Tom think that he'll be able to do that?
Does Tom think that he'll be here a long time?
Does Tom think that he'll be in Australia all summer?
Does Tom think that he'll stay in Australia long?
Does Tom think that he's funny?
Does Tom think that that's all he has to do?
Does Tom think that that's all he needs to do?
Does Tom think that that's what we want to do?
Does Tom think that's a good idea?
Does Tom think that's all he has to do?
Does Tom think that's all he needs to do?
Does Tom think that's fair?
Does Tom think that's going to be easy?
Does Tom think that's what we want to do?
Does Tom think that's what we want?
Does Tom think that's what you want?
Does Tom think we're all stupid?
Does Tom think we're blind?
Does Tom think we're really that gullible?
Does Tom think we're stupid?
Does Tom travel a lot?
Does Tom travel much?
Does Tom travel often?
Does Tom trust Mary?
Does Tom trust anyone?
Does Tom trust me?
Does Tom trust you?
Does Tom trust your judgment?
Does Tom type fast?
Does Tom understand French?
Does Tom understand that?
Does Tom understand the situation?
Does Tom understand what I'm saying?
Does Tom understand what's going on?
Does Tom understand?
Does Tom use a cane?
Does Tom usually put on sunscreen?
Does Tom usually study after dinner?
Does Tom usually walk home?
Does Tom usually walk to work?
Does Tom usually wear a hat?
Does Tom usually wear a tie to work?
Does Tom usually write to you in French?
Does Tom walk home often?
Does Tom walk to school?
Does Tom want a beer?
Does Tom want a car?
Does Tom want a dog?
Does Tom want a hamburger?
Does Tom want a job?
Does Tom want a ride home?
Does Tom want a ride?
Does Tom want a salad?
Does Tom want another beer?
Does Tom want another one?
Does Tom want any help?
Does Tom want anything else?
Does Tom want anything to eat?
Does Tom want anything?
Does Tom want coffee?
Does Tom want dessert, too?
Does Tom want help?
Does Tom want it long, or short?
Does Tom want it now?
Does Tom want it?
Does Tom want kids?
Does Tom want me in his life again?
Does Tom want me to ask Mary?
Does Tom want me to call back?
Does Tom want me to come, too?
Does Tom want me to come?
Does Tom want me to do this?
Does Tom want me to drive him to the airport?
Does Tom want me to go away?
Does Tom want me to go with Mary?
Does Tom want me to go with him?
Does Tom want me to help Mary?
Does Tom want me to help him?
Does Tom want me to help?
Does Tom want me to say something?
Does Tom want me to teach him French?
Does Tom want more?
Does Tom want one, too?
Does Tom want some cake?
Does Tom want some pancakes?
Does Tom want some, too?
Does Tom want something to eat?
Does Tom want something?
Does Tom want that?
Does Tom want the job?
Does Tom want these?
Does Tom want this or not?
Does Tom want this?
Does Tom want to be like that?
Does Tom want to become a doctor?
Does Tom want to buy that?
Does Tom want to come along?
Does Tom want to come here?
Does Tom want to come in?
Does Tom want to come, too?
Does Tom want to come?
Does Tom want to do it?
Does Tom want to do that now?
Does Tom want to do that today?
Does Tom want to do that with us?
Does Tom want to do that, too?
Does Tom want to do that?
Does Tom want to do this, too?
Does Tom want to eat now?
Does Tom want to eat with us?
Does Tom want to go home with us?
Does Tom want to go home?
Does Tom want to go shopping with us this afternoon?
Does Tom want to go to the zoo with us?
Does Tom want to go with us?
Does Tom want to go, too?
Does Tom want to go?
Does Tom want to join us?
Does Tom want to know how we did that?
Does Tom want to leave here?
Does Tom want to leave today?
Does Tom want to leave?
Does Tom want to look at it?
Does Tom want to play with me?
Does Tom want to resign?
Does Tom want to rest?
Does Tom want to see it?
Does Tom want to see me now?
Does Tom want to see me?
Does Tom want to see the movie with us?
Does Tom want to sing?
Does Tom want to sleep on the couch?
Does Tom want to sleep?
Does Tom want to stay here?
Does Tom want to stay home again today?
Does Tom want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
Does Tom want to stay?
Does Tom want to watch the movie with us?
Does Tom want us to help Mary?
Does Tom want us to help him?
Does Tom want us to leave?
Does Tom want us to stay?
Does Tom want us to wait?
Does Tom want you to try it?
Does Tom wash dishes at home?
Does Tom watch TV a lot?
Does Tom watch TV every day?
Does Tom watch TV?
Does Tom watch a lot of TV?
Does Tom watch soccer?
Does Tom watch television every day?
Does Tom wear a wedding ring?
Does Tom wear a wig?
Does Tom wear boots?
Does Tom wear glasses?
Does Tom wear shoes indoors?
Does Tom win often?
Does Tom wish to do that now?
Does Tom wish to go?
Does Tom wish to stay?
Does Tom work a lot?
Does Tom work around here?
Does Tom work as hard as Mary does?
Does Tom work as hard as Mary?
Does Tom work at all?
Does Tom work for Mary?
Does Tom work for you?
Does Tom work hard?
Does Tom work here in Boston?
Does Tom work here?
Does Tom work in Australia, too?
Does Tom work in Australia?
Does Tom work in Boston, too?
Does Tom work in Boston?
Does Tom work in the kitchen?
Does Tom work in this city?
Does Tom work on Mondays?
Does Tom work out?
Does Tom work?
Does Tom write poetry?
Does Tom write to you in French?
Does Tom's dog bark as much as Mary's?
Does Tom's house have a basement?
Does Tom's opinion matter?
Does Ton work today?
Does Tony run every day?
Does Tony study after dinner?
Does Toshio like Sachiko?
Does Trump have a good sense of humor?
Does Trump own any hotels in Algeria?
Does Trump own any property in Algeria?
Does Trump own any towers in Algeria?
Does Trump own business ventures in Algeria?
Does Ukraine stand a chance of retaking Crimea?
Does Vega have any planets?
Does Vera celebrate Easter?
Does Victor's father tell many stories?
Does Western Sahara have a national Olympic committee?
Does Western Sahara have oil deposits?
Does Western Sahara have oil?
Does Western Sahara participate in the Olympic Games?
Does William Shatner speak Esperanto?
Does Yanni drive at night?
Does Yanni go to school?
Does Yanni have a secret to tell?
Does Yanni have abandonment issues?
Does Yanni have any daughters of marriageable age?
Does Yanni have any family?
Does Yanni like Skura?
Does Yanni live here?
Does Yanni live in the bathroom?
Does Yanni really need all this cheese?
Does Yanni speak Berber?
Does Yanni still come here?
Does Yuri have any pride left?
Does Ziri already have a girlfriend?
Does Ziri even know Berber?
Does Ziri have a backup plan?
Does Ziri have a business plan?
Does Ziri have a check guarantee card?
Does Ziri have a credit card?
Does Ziri have any better ideas?
Does Ziri have cable?
Does Ziri have something to do with Rima's death?
Does Ziri have something to do with this?
Does Ziri sound effeminate?
Does Ziri's dog bark at night?
Does Ziri's dog bark often?
Does Ziri's dog have a flat or a prong collar?
Does Ziri's dog have hormonal problems?
Does a Roman cat have a Roman meow?
Does a Tom Jackson work for you?
Does a bear shit in the woods?
Does a boy named Tom live here?
Does a child's musical talent depend on heredity?
Does a child’s musical talent depend on heredity?
Does a corpse get lighter if you pull out its hair?
Does a cow have a pink udder?
Does a cup of coffee cost one crown?
Does a dog have a Buddha-nature or not ?
Does a dog have a Buddha-nature or not?
Does a dream deferred fester like a sore?
Does a frog in a field like a rural person?
Does a government have to serve ideologies, or rather, the interests of the people?
Does a guy named Tom work here?
Does a language really take four years to learn?
Does a long, shallow keel help?
Does a lot of money trade hands in Algeria?
Does a psychiatrist need a psychiatrist?
Does a solution come to mind?
Does a uniform eliminate class difference?
Does a worm scream silently when a fisherman impales it on a hook?
Does abstract art have any logic?
Does abstract art have any rules?
Does acupuncture really work?
Does all of this mean anything?
Does an electric wheelchair require a driver's license?
Does anal sex have any health risks?
Does any member of your immediate family suffer from cardiac disease?
Does any of that make any sense?
Does any of that sound bad?
Does any of this make any sense?
Does any of this matter?
Does any of this really matter?
Does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as America?
Does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as the United States?
Does anybody amongst those who embrace his religion become displeased and renounce the religion afterwards?
Does anybody care?
Does anybody do that anymore?
Does anybody else feel cold?
Does anybody else feel hot?
Does anybody else feel that?
Does anybody else have a complaint?
Does anybody else know about these pictures?
Does anybody else know about this?
Does anybody else know that you're here?
Does anybody else know you're here?
Does anybody else see a connection?
Does anybody ever visit you?
Does anybody happen to know where Tom went?
Does anybody have a better idea?
Does anybody have a can opener?
Does anybody have a charger for an iPhone?
Does anybody have a desire to take a walk to the sea?
Does anybody have a flashlight?
Does anybody have a kleenex?
Does anybody have a logical explanation for this?
Does anybody have a match?
Does anybody have a pencil?
Does anybody have a problem with that?
Does anybody have a problem with this?
Does anybody have a question?
Does anybody have an iPhone charger?
Does anybody have any good news?
Does anybody have any laundry they want me to do?
Does anybody have any medical problems that we need to know about?
Does anybody have any question about Islam?
Does anybody have anything to say?
Does anybody have info on that?
Does anybody have some news?
Does anybody hear me?
Does anybody here actually know what they're doing?
Does anybody here feel sick?
Does anybody here have a bottle opener?
Does anybody here have a corkscrew?
Does anybody here have an umbrella I can borrow?
Does anybody here have an umbrella that I can borrow?
Does anybody here know Tom's phone number?
Does anybody here know Tom?
Does anybody here know her?
Does anybody here know him?
Does anybody here know how this thing works?
Does anybody here know how to set up a web server?
Does anybody here know them?
Does anybody here know what a moon cake is in French?
Does anybody here know what time the meeting starts?
Does anybody here know where Tom and Mary live?
Does anybody here know where Tom lives?
Does anybody here know you?
Does anybody here not want to do this?
Does anybody here speak French fluently?
Does anybody here speak French well?
Does anybody here speak French?
Does anybody here trust Tom?
Does anybody here trust her?
Does anybody here trust him?
Does anybody here trust them?
Does anybody here understand French?
Does anybody here want to do that?
Does anybody in the audience have any questions?
Does anybody in your class speak French?
Does anybody in your family play a musical instrument?
Does anybody in your family play an instrument?
Does anybody in your family smoke?
Does anybody in your family speak French?
Does anybody know about this?
Does anybody know her?
Does anybody know him?
Does anybody know how Tom will be going to Australia?
Does anybody know how Tom will be going to Boston?
Does anybody know how old Tom is?
Does anybody know how the fire started?
Does anybody know if the cafeteria is still open?
Does anybody know that you're here?
Does anybody know the name of this artist?
Does anybody know what happened to Tom?
Does anybody know what hour it is?
Does anybody know what time Tom will get here?
Does anybody know when Tom and Mary got married?
Does anybody know when the next train for Prague leaves?
Does anybody know where Tom and Mary are?
Does anybody know where Tom is?
Does anybody know where Tom went?
Does anybody know where he is?
Does anybody know where she is?
Does anybody know where that is?
Does anybody know where they are?
Does anybody know who that is?
Does anybody know who the tall, blond girl dressed in green is?
Does anybody know who this woman is?
Does anybody know why Tom and Mary aren't here yet?
Does anybody know why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Does anybody know why Tom isn't here yet?
Does anybody know why Tom isn't here?
Does anybody know you're here?
Does anybody know?
Does anybody live here?
Does anybody live in this house?
Does anybody need anything?
Does anybody need my help?
Does anybody notice a pattern?
Does anybody own this sentence?
Does anybody really care anymore?
Does anybody really care?
Does anybody really think Tom didn't kill Mary?
Does anybody recognize him?
Does anybody recognize this?
Does anybody remember Tom?
Does anybody remember what this thing's called?
Does anybody remember whose idea it was?
Does anybody remember why we decided to do this?
Does anybody smell smoke?
Does anybody speak Berber here?
Does anybody speak French here?
Does anybody speak Japanese here?
Does anybody still do that?
Does anybody translate sentences randomly?
Does anybody visit her?
Does anybody visit him?
Does anybody visit you?
Does anybody want a beer?
Does anybody want a pizza?
Does anybody want another piece of cake?
Does anybody want anything else?
Does anybody want coffee?
Does anybody want these?
Does anybody want to buy this?
Does anybody want to get some lunch?
Does anybody want to go?
Does anybody want to take a walk to the beach?
Does anyone actually care about your grade point average after you graduate and enter the workforce?
Does anyone actually say this?
Does anyone actually sell leaded gasoline anymore?
Does anyone actually swim in this river?
Does anyone actually think that?
Does anyone actually treat it like that?
Does anyone among you know Tom?
Does anyone believe in what you're saying?
Does anyone care about that?
Does anyone care or should I just kill myself?
Does anyone care?
Does anyone claim this knife?
Does anyone disagree?
Does anyone do that anymore?
Does anyone else feel hot?
Does anyone else have a problem with that?
Does anyone else have a question?
Does anyone else have a suggestion?
Does anyone else have any advice?
Does anyone else have any suggestions?
Does anyone else hear that?
Does anyone else know about this?
Does anyone else know that you're here?
Does anyone else know you're here?
Does anyone else know?
Does anyone else need me today, or can I go to bed?
Does anyone else think this film makes no sense?
Does anyone else think this movie sucks?
Does anyone else use your account?
Does anyone else want to go to the zoo?
Does anyone else want to press charges against Tom?
Does anyone ever visit you?
Does anyone feel ill?
Does anyone feel sick?
Does anyone get it?
Does anyone happen to know where Tom went?
Does anyone have a better idea?
Does anyone have a better suggestion?
Does anyone have a charger for an iPhone?
Does anyone have a flashlight?
Does anyone have a good translation for this sentence?
Does anyone have a handkerchief?
Does anyone have a headache? Are you OK?
Does anyone have a lighter?
Does anyone have a logical explanation for this?
Does anyone have a map?
Does anyone have a match?
Does anyone have a mobile phone charger?
Does anyone have a pen I could borrow?
Does anyone have a picture of this?
Does anyone have a pocketknife I could borrow?
Does anyone have a pocketknife that I could borrow?
Does anyone have a pocketknife?
Does anyone have a question?
Does anyone have a soul?
Does anyone have a tissue?
Does anyone have a torch?
Does anyone have an antidote?
Does anyone have an iPhone charger?
Does anyone have an idea?
Does anyone have any chocolate on their person?
Does anyone have any idea what this is all about?
Does anyone have any objections?
Does anyone have any other questions?
Does anyone have any questions so far?
Does anyone have any questions thus far?
Does anyone have any suggestions?
Does anyone have anything to say?
Does anyone have cash?
Does anyone have change for a dollar?
Does anyone have some liquid paper?
Does anyone have some moisturizing cream?
Does anyone hear me?
Does anyone here actually know what they're doing?
Does anyone here even like Tom?
Does anyone here go by the name of Tom?
Does anyone here have an interest in learning Norwegian?
Does anyone here have any money?
Does anyone here know French?
Does anyone here know Mirandese?
Does anyone here know Polish?
Does anyone here know Tom Jackson?
Does anyone here know Tom's phone number?
Does anyone here know Tom?
Does anyone here know how this works?
Does anyone here know how to do this?
Does anyone here know how to get this window open?
Does anyone here know how to operate this machine?
Does anyone here know how to speak French?
Does anyone here know the answer?
Does anyone here know this guy?
Does anyone here know what time the meeting starts?
Does anyone here know what we're supposed to be doing?
Does anyone here know where Tom and Mary live?
Does anyone here know where Tom lives?
Does anyone here know where Tom went?
Does anyone here not have herpes?
Does anyone here not want to do this?
Does anyone here play the piano?
Does anyone here really care what Tom and Mary do?
Does anyone here really care what Tom and Mary think?
Does anyone here really care what Tom does?
Does anyone here really care what Tom thinks?
Does anyone here really care?
Does anyone here remember how to do this?
Does anyone here speak English?
Does anyone here speak Esperanto?
Does anyone here speak French fluently?
Does anyone here speak French well?
Does anyone here speak French?
Does anyone here speak Japanese?
Does anyone here speak Portuguese?
Does anyone here speak Russian?
Does anyone here think that's a good idea?
Does anyone here understand Finnish?
Does anyone here understand French?
Does anyone here want to do that?
Does anyone in the audience have any questions?
Does anyone in this class walk to school?
Does anyone in your class speak French?
Does anyone in your close family have cancer?
Does anyone in your close family have diabetes?
Does anyone in your close family have heart disease?
Does anyone in your close family have high blood pressure?
Does anyone in your family play a musical instrument?
Does anyone in your family play an instrument?
Does anyone in your family play the piano?
Does anyone in your family smoke?
Does anyone in your family speak French?
Does anyone in your immediate family suffer from cardiac disease?
Does anyone in your office speak French?
Does anyone know CPR?
Does anyone know French?
Does anyone know Japanese?
Does anyone know Tom's family name?
Does anyone know Tom's last name?
Does anyone know Tom?
Does anyone know a good method of eating avocados that will bring out their taste?
Does anyone know a good translation?
Does anyone know about this?
Does anyone know anything about the ebola virus that is afflicting Africa?
Does anyone know him?
Does anyone know how Tom did that?
Does anyone know how Tom died?
Does anyone know how Tom got in?
Does anyone know how Tom will be going to Australia?
Does anyone know how Tom will be going to Boston?
Does anyone know how it happened?
Does anyone know how old Tom really is?
Does anyone know how to add sentences on Tatoeba?
Does anyone know how to make money in a time of crisis?
Does anyone know how to pronounce this character?
Does anyone know how to use Photoshop?
Does anyone know if the cafeteria is still open?
Does anyone know if the canteen is still open?
Does anyone know of any remedies that could help?
Does anyone know that woman?
Does anyone know that you're here?
Does anyone know the Japanese language?
Does anyone know the answer?
Does anyone know the name of the deceased?
Does anyone know the recipe for toast?
Does anyone know this woman?
Does anyone know we're here?
Does anyone know what caused the problem?
Does anyone know what happened?
Does anyone know what it means to die of thirst with the sea right in front of you?
Does anyone know what misandry is?
Does anyone know what really happened?
Does anyone know what the best way to contact Tom is?
Does anyone know what the name of this movie is?
Does anyone know what the reason is?
Does anyone know what this is about?
Does anyone know what this is?
Does anyone know what this thing's called?
Does anyone know what time Tom will get here?
Does anyone know what time it is?
Does anyone know when Tom and Mary are coming?
Does anyone know when Tom and Mary got married?
Does anyone know when Tom is coming?
Does anyone know where I can buy a good used pickup truck?
Does anyone know where I can buy a horse?
Does anyone know where I could find one?
Does anyone know where Tom and Mary are?
Does anyone know where Tom is?
Does anyone know where Tom went?
Does anyone know where he is?
Does anyone know where he lives?
Does anyone know where my bumbag ended up?
Does anyone know where my calculus book went?
Does anyone know where she is?
Does anyone know where she lives?
Does anyone know where that is?
Does anyone know where they are?
Does anyone know where those children went?
Does anyone know where we can find a ladder?
Does anyone know where you can buy birthday party invitations?
Does anyone know who that is?
Does anyone know why Tom and Mary aren't here yet?
Does anyone know why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Does anyone know why Tom isn't here yet?
Does anyone know why Tom isn't here?
Does anyone know you're here?
Does anyone know your secrets?
Does anyone know?
Does anyone live here?
Does anyone live in this house?
Does anyone live on this island?
Does anyone mind if I switch the telly off?
Does anyone miss Tom?
Does anyone need a lift home?
Does anyone need a spoon?
Does anyone need any help?
Does anyone need cutlery?
Does anyone need help?
Does anyone need my help?
Does anyone need silverware?
Does anyone of you know where Algeria is?
Does anyone on your staff speak French?
Does anyone on your team speak French?
Does anyone oppose the new plan?
Does anyone out there care?
Does anyone read anymore?
Does anyone really believe Tom?
Does anyone really believe that?
Does anyone really care anymore?
Does anyone really care what Tom and Mary do?
Does anyone really care what Tom does?
Does anyone really care what time it is?
Does anyone really care?
Does anyone really know how many licks it takes to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop?
Does anyone really want to do that?
Does anyone recognise him?
Does anyone remember that?
Does anyone remember whose idea it was?
Does anyone see a difference?
Does anyone see a problem here?
Does anyone smell smoke?
Does anyone speak Berber?
Does anyone speak English?
Does anyone speak French here?
Does anyone speak French?
Does anyone speak Japanese?
Does anyone still do that?
Does anyone still have a question?
Does anyone still have doubts?
Does anyone still need me today, or can I go to bed?
Does anyone still remember this?
Does anyone still talk like that?
Does anyone still use a wind-up alarm clock these days?
Does anyone still use paper clips?
Does anyone still use these?
Does anyone still use this?
Does anyone still use this? If not, can I have it?
Does anyone talk like that?
Does anyone think this is real?
Does anyone use Twitter?
Does anyone use this? If not, can I have it?
Does anyone want a beer?
Does anyone want a lift?
Does anyone want a new house?
Does anyone want another piece of cake?
Does anyone want another yoghurt? We've still got raspberry, strawberry, peach and passion fruit, and mango.
Does anyone want coffee?
Does anyone want hotdogs?
Does anyone want ice cream?
Does anyone want some more pie?
Does anyone want this?
Does anyone want to be a flight attendant?
Does anyone want to be a stewardess?
Does anyone want to do anything?
Does anyone want to get in?
Does anyone want to get on board?
Does anyone want to get on?
Does anyone want to go up?
Does anyone want to go?
Does anyone want to press charges?
Does anyone want to tell me what's going on?
Does anyone want to try?
Does anyone want to volunteer?
Does anyone you know play in a band?
Does anyone you know play the saxophone?
Does anything exciting ever happen around here?
Does anything hurt you?
Does anything hurt?
Does anything keep you awake at night?
Does anything look familiar to you?
Does anything look familiar?
Does anything really exist?
Does anything seem wrong to you?
Does anything touch your gums?
Does artificial stupidity exist?
Does barbarism mean the people who cut hair?
Does baseball interest you?
Does bear spray work?
Does being alone displease you?
Does being civilized mean eating a diet of primarily grass species (wheat, rice, corn, sugar, etc)? If it does and if you really think about, it means you are actually eating worthless garbage and paying hard-earned money for it.
Does being rich make you happy?
Does being rich necessarily mean having a lot of money?
Does boiling water always make it safe to drink?
Does boredom bother you?
Does bump mapping generate more graphics load than parallax?
Does camo count on St. Patrick's Day?
Does cannabis interact with antidepressants or lithium?
Does chaos create order?
Does chewing gum break the fast?
Does colonic irrigation have any health benefits and is it available on the NHS?
Does counterpropaganda help against propaganda?
Does couscous have any meat in it?
Does couscous have meat in it?
Does creativity fuel your passion?
Does death always win the fight against life?
Does depreciation of the yen give rise to inflation?
Does destiny guide us, or do we guide it?
Does detachment from the world really prevent suffering?
Does doing that make me a bad person?
Does doing things in this way have a benefit?
Does eating ham make people sick?
Does enough foliage remain in those trees?
Does every action have a consequence?
Does every black hole create a new universe?
Does every boy have to learn cooking in your school?
Does every ending lead to a new beginning?
Does every question have an answer?
Does every shop sell laptops?
Does every single Muslim on the planet hate every single Jew and isn't Zionism a problem in Muslim-Jewish relations?
Does every soul have a purpose?
Does every star have planets?
Does everybody agree with this?
Does everybody do that?
Does everybody have a pencil?
Does everybody have paper?
Does everybody have pencils?
Does everybody have pens?
Does everybody have their headphones?
Does everybody have to do this?
Does everybody here have an umbrella?
Does everybody here speak French?
Does everybody here understand French?
Does everybody in your family do that?
Does everybody in your family snore?
Does everybody know?
Does everybody love music?
Does everybody need one?
Does everybody need to do this?
Does everybody need to know this?
Does everybody understand?
Does everybody want it?
Does everyone agree with that?
Does everyone agree with the minutes?
Does everyone agree with this?
Does everyone agree?
Does everyone do that?
Does everyone get a copy of the agenda?
Does everyone get the plan?
Does everyone have a pencil?
Does everyone have one of these?
Does everyone have to do that?
Does everyone have to do this?
Does everyone here speak French?
Does everyone here understand French?
Does everyone here use Windows?
Does everyone in Spain take a siesta?
Does everyone in Sweden have blonde hair and blue eyes?
Does everyone in Tamil Nadu speak Tamil?
Does everyone in your family do that?
Does everyone in your family snore?
Does everyone know what gravity is?
Does everyone like my new Shawi dress?
Does everyone need to do that?
Does everyone need to do this?
Does everyone need to know this?
Does everyone really have the capacity for love?
Does everyone think it was me who stole the money?
Does everyone understand the plan?
Does everything happen for a reason?
Does existence precede essence?
Does extraterrestrial life exist?
Does faith healing work?
Does fracking cause earthquakes?
Does fracking really cause earthquakes?
Does free will exist?
Does fruit-blossom honey taste different from wild-blossom honey?
Does full-on immersion really help people learn languages?
Does genetic engineering improve nature?
Does globalisation mean the disappearance of local sluts?
Does going out with Tom make you happy?
Does good always triumph over evil?
Does good architecture just serve to beautify our constructed surroundings, or does it also have other qualities?
Does goodness charm more than beauty?
Does grain get imported into Germany?
Does grapefruit affect my medicine?
Does happiness really exist?
Does having a vocabulary of 80,000 words give you enjoyment?
Does he actually deserve the prize he got?
Does he appoint him with a clear intention of offending him?
Does he believe in us?
Does he blame you for something?
Does he collect butterflies?
Does he come here every week?
Does he come here?
Does he come home at six?
Does he deserve that role?
Does he disgust you?
Does he do any kind of sport?
Does he do any sort of sport?
Does he do any sports?
Does he do that to you often?
Does he drink coffee?
Does he drink milk?
Does he drink tea?
Does he earn enough money to live in the city?
Does he eat standing up?
Does he ever talk about me?
Does he exist?
Does he feel safe at home?
Does he go running every day?
Does he go to school by bus?
Does he go to school early?
Does he go to school on foot or by bicycle?
Does he go to school?
Does he go to work by bus?
Does he have a ball?
Does he have a bicycle?
Does he have a big family?
Does he have a big house?
Does he have a big nose?
Does he have a brother or a sister?
Does he have a brother?
Does he have a car in Japan?
Does he have a chance in winning the election?
Does he have a chance of succeeding?
Does he have a clock?
Does he have a copy of the Quran?
Does he have a doctorate ?
Does he have a dog?
Does he have a family?
Does he have a fever?
Does he have a girlfriend?
Does he have a guest?
Does he have a job?
Does he have a lot of free time?
Does he have a minute?
Does he have a mother?
Does he have a normal pulse?
Does he have a passport?
Does he have a pet?
Does he have a piano?
Does he have a rug?
Does he have a scooter?
Does he have a sister?
Does he have a son?
Does he have a soul?
Does he have a stomach ache?
Does he have a watch?
Does he have an alibi?
Does he have an appointment?
Does he have any Algerian friends?
Does he have any brothers?
Does he have any chance of succeeding?
Does he have any children?
Does he have any chocolate?
Does he have any experience of farming?
Does he have any friends?
Does he have any idea who would do something like that?
Does he have any information on her?
Does he have any lotion?
Does he have any relatives?
Does he have anything to do with the campaign?
Does he have anything to do with the political party?
Does he have back pain?
Does he have children?
Does he have crabs?
Does he have everything?
Does he have experience?
Does he have feelings for me?
Does he have general common sense?
Does he have gray hair?
Does he have green eyes?
Does he have his own house in Japan?
Does he have his own toys?
Does he have it or not?
Does he have it?
Does he have long hair?
Does he have many books?
Does he have money?
Does he have problems?
Does he have rice?
Does he have siblings?
Does he have something in common with this movement?
Does he have something to say?
Does he have tattoos?
Does he have the book?
Does he have the opportunity to win?
Does he have to close the window?
Does he have to open the window?
Does he have to run so fast?
Does he have to stay at home today?
Does he have to stay home today?
Does he have to write the letter today?
Does he have what it takes?
Does he hear when you speak?
Does he help you wash the dishes?
Does he hope to succeed?
Does he intend to become a doctor?
Does he intend to help us?
Does he keep her locked?
Does he know I'm here?
Does he know Italian?
Does he know Tom's real name?
Does he know any other languages?
Does he know any other words?
Does he know anything?
Does he know her?
Does he know him?
Does he know how she feels about him?
Does he know how to do this?
Does he know how you feel?
Does he know me?
Does he know that I'm here?
Does he know that his son has gone?
Does he know that you like him?
Does he know that you love him?
Does he know the way?
Does he know this?
Does he know what you did?
Does he know what you're here for?
Does he know what you've done?
Does he know where he is?
Does he know where those cats hid themselves?
Does he know why Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with us?
Does he know you know?
Does he know you're Muslim?
Does he know you?
Does he know?
Does he like Canada?
Does he like China?
Does he like Japan?
Does he like beer?
Does he like his children?
Does he like his job ?
Does he like his job?
Does he like his new job?
Does he like me?
Does he like oranges?
Does he like studying?
Does he like the same things as me?
Does he like tomatoes?
Does he like you, too?
Does he live alone?
Does he live here?
Does he live in Algeria?
Does he live in Algiers?
Does he live in the same apartment building?
Does he live in this building?
Does he live near here?
Does he live round here?
Does he live with his wife?
Does he live with you?
Does he look like a doctor?
Does he look like his father or his mother?
Does he love her?
Does he love me?
Does he love them?
Does he mean that seriously, or is he being ironic?
Does he move his head?
Does he need a dictionary?
Does he need a wool hat?
Does he need anything?
Does he need glasses?
Does he need him?
Does he need it?
Does he need money?
Does he need the book?
Does he need to go right away?
Does he need to go right now?
Does he need to help her?
Does he need to run so fast?
Does he need to stay at home today?
Does he need to stay home today?
Does he often call his parents at home?
Does he owe you much?
Does he own a pet?
Does he own property in Kabylie, Algeria?
Does he play Pokémon?
Does he play baseball?
Does he play the piano?
Does he play the qanun?
Does he play the santoor?
Does he play the xylophone?
Does he play the yangqin?
Does he play?
Does he practise any kind of sport?
Does he really believe what he says?
Does he really believe what he's saying?
Does he really understand that?
Does he really want it?
Does he really want that?
Does he represent his country alone?
Does he ride every day?
Does he run every day?
Does he say it of his own knowledge?
Does he see her?
Does he see the sky?
Does he see them?
Does he sell mineral water?
Does he sing well?
Does he smoke a lot?
Does he smoke too many cigarettes?
Does he smoke?
Does he speak Berber?
Does he speak Dutch?
Does he speak English, French or German?
Does he speak English, French, or German?
Does he speak English?
Does he speak French?
Does he speak Hungarian too?
Does he speak Kurdish?
Does he speak Portuguese?
Does he speak Spanish?
Does he speak Tagalog?
Does he speak good Berber?
Does he speak in Italian to you?
Does he speak with an accent?
Does he speak? He sings, rather! Since I seasoned it, we can no longer stop it.
Does he still have a little?
Does he still have a temperature?
Does he still have baby teeth?
Does he still have that book he borrowed from the library?
Does he still live here?
Does he still live in Algiers?
Does he still live in Luxembourg?
Does he still love him?
Does he still not understand?
Does he still rely on his parents?
Does he study English every day?
Does he think he's funny?
Does he trust you?
Does he understand Hungarian?
Does he understand Italian?
Does he understand Magyar?
Does he understand that?
Does he understand the language of Hungarians?
Does he understand the language of Magyars?
Does he understand the language of the Hungarian people?
Does he understand the language of the Magyar people?
Does he understand what he's saying?
Does he use his computer?
Does he usually come here?
Does he usually work late?
Does he want codfish?
Does he want some more tea?
Does he want to book a trip to Australia?
Does he want to go away?
Does he want to go back to the army?
Does he want to go or not?
Does he want to go to school?
Does he want to look at it?
Does he want to provoke a new outbreak of violence?
Does he want to see it?
Does he watch TV?
Does he watch television every day?
Does he wear glasses?
Does he wear specs?
Does he work for this company?
Does he work here?
Does he work?
Does he write English letters?
Does he write an English letter?
Does he write letters in English?
Does he write?
Does healthy eating cost more?
Does heaven exist even on earth?
Does her father drink coffee?
Does his skin itch?
Does history really repeat itself?
Does humankind have dominion over the animal kingdom?
Does hypocrisy reign supreme?
Does iron react with sodium?
Does it affect your work?
Does it already exist?
Does it also work without registration?
Does it apply to our family as well?
Does it bark at her?
Does it bark at him?
Does it belong to you?
Does it bother you at all?
Does it bother you if I do this?
Does it bother you if I light up a cigarette?
Does it bother you if I smoke?
Does it bother you if people smoke in your house?
Does it bother you that I'm much older than you are?
Does it bother you that Tom and Mary are doing that?
Does it bother you that Tom is doing that?
Does it bother you to stay here today?
Does it bother you when people smoke around you?
Does it bother you?
Does it bug you?
Does it come from France?
Does it come with a warranty?
Does it come with toilets?
Does it concern me?
Does it contain butter?
Does it contain eggs?
Does it contain gluten?
Does it contain peanuts?
Does it contain recycled material?
Does it contain shellfish?
Does it contain sugar?
Does it cost more to eat healthily?
Does it disturb you for me to smoke here?
Does it eat people?
Does it even exist?
Does it even matter?
Does it ever bother you?
Does it ever get easier?
Does it ever happen to you?
Does it ever rain in Greece?
Does it ever snow here?
Does it exist?
Does it feel OK?
Does it feel good on you?
Does it feel good to live in Japan?
Does it feel good?
Does it follow that I reject all authority? Far from me such a thought. In the matter of boots, I refer to the authority of the bootmaker; concerning houses, canals, or railroads, I consult that of the architect or engineer. For such or such special knowledge I apply to such or such a savant. But I allow neither the bootmaker nor the architect nor the savant to impose his authority upon me. I listen to them freely and with all the respect merited by their intelligence, their character, their knowledge, reserving always my incontestable right of criticism and censure.
Does it get any better than that?
Does it get any better than this?
Does it get easier?
Does it get much sun?
Does it get very cold here in October?
Does it gross you out?
Does it happen to no teacher?
Does it happen to you?
Does it have a bathroom?
Does it have a distinguishing mark?
Does it have a military application?
Does it have a pulse?
Does it have a toilet?
Does it have any disadvantage?
Does it have any sense?
Does it have anything to do with the stomach ache?
Does it have lots of people?
Does it have rice?
Does it have something to do with Mary?
Does it have something to do with Tom?
Does it have to be Tom?
Does it have to be her?
Does it have to be him?
Does it have to be right now?
Does it have to be them?
Does it have to be this way?
Does it have to be today?
Does it have to be tonight?
Does it have too much salt?
Does it help if you have already learned another language?
Does it help whether you have already learned another language?
Does it help?
Does it hurt a lot?
Does it hurt anywhere?
Does it hurt at all?
Does it hurt here?
Does it hurt if I touch here?
Does it hurt much?
Does it hurt to get your ears pierced?
Does it hurt when I do that?
Does it hurt when I do this?
Does it hurt when I press here?
Does it hurt when you breathe?
Does it hurt when you chew?
Does it hurt when you cough?
Does it hurt when you do that?
Does it hurt when you pee?
Does it hurt?
Does it include batteries?
Does it interest you to meet and discuss a possible collaboration?
Does it involve me?
Does it itch?
Does it look OK?
Does it look bad?
Does it look better like this?
Does it look better than the original?
Does it look cloudy today?
Does it look infected?
Does it look like I can fix this computer?
Does it look like I'm in a good mood?
Does it look like the plane will be crowded?
Does it look like you'll make it on time?
Does it look safe?
Does it make a big difference?
Does it make a difference whether I take physics online or in-person?
Does it make a difference?
Does it make any difference to you?
Does it make any difference?
Does it make any sense?
Does it make me look fat?
Does it make sense to fix this?
Does it make sense to you?
Does it make sense?
Does it make you laugh?
Does it make you nervous to speak in front of a lot of people?
Does it matter at all whether the word burnout is with a hyphen or not?
Does it matter if that happens?
Does it matter if we don't do this?
Does it matter if you wear your face mask wrong? Well, yes.
Does it matter in the end?
Does it matter to you how much it costs?
Does it matter to you if I'm a little late?
Does it matter to you what other people think?
Does it matter to you what time we arrive?
Does it matter to you when we come?
Does it matter to you?
Does it matter what I think?
Does it matter what we do?
Does it matter whether Tom shows up or not?
Does it matter whether we do that or not?
Does it matter who the winner is?
Does it matter?
Does it mean anything?
Does it meet with your approval?
Does it need to be this way?
Does it not happen to any teachers?
Does it offend you?
Does it often snow here in the winter?
Does it often snow here in winter?
Does it often snow in the winter here?
Does it only apply to masculine nouns?
Does it only avoid confrontation?
Does it only hurt where I am pressing, or somewhere else?
Does it only take the smell to make you drunk?
Does it pay to stay in school?
Does it please you?
Does it rain a lot here?
Does it rain a lot in Algeria?
Does it rain a lot in Boston?
Does it rain a lot in Germany?
Does it rain a lot in October?
Does it rain much here during the summer?
Does it rain much here in Berlin?
Does it rain much here?
Does it rain much in Germany?
Does it rain much in your country?
Does it rain often here?
Does it rain often in El Salvador?
Does it rain often?
Does it rain on Mars?
Does it rain there very often?
Does it really belong to Tom?
Does it really bother you?
Does it really exist?
Does it really hurt?
Does it really make a difference?
Does it really matter anymore?
Does it really matter what I think?
Does it really matter whether Tom and Mary do that or not?
Does it really matter whether Tom does that or not?
Does it really matter which one of these I choose?
Does it really matter which one of these I pick?
Does it really matter?
Does it recycle?
Does it remind you of anything?
Does it ring a bell with you?
Does it ring a bell?
Does it seem just to you?
Does it seem that difficult?
Does it show?
Does it snow a lot here in the winter?
Does it snow a lot here?
Does it snow a lot in Boston?
Does it snow a lot in the winter?
Does it snow a lot in winter?
Does it snow here often in winter?
Does it snow here often?
Does it snow here?
Does it snow in Algeria?
Does it snow in Algiers?
Does it snow in Boston?
Does it snow much here in winter?
Does it snow much in the winter?
Does it snow much in winter?
Does it snow much in your country?
Does it snow where you live?
Does it sound familiar?
Does it sound good to you?
Does it sound like I'm in love?
Does it sound like I’m in love?
Does it still exist?
Does it still hurt?
Does it still work?
Does it sting?
Does it stop at Kolkata?
Does it suit you?
Does it surprise you?
Does it take too long to blow dry?
Does it taste OK?
Does it taste good?
Does it taste okay?
Does it ultimately matter?
Does it upset you?
Does it usually hurt this much?
Does it usually rain in this city?
Does it work for anyone else?
Does it work for you?
Does it work now?
Does it work?
Does ivy create any damage?
Does ivy like direct light?
Does ivy need a lot of water?
Does ivy require a lot of water?
Does jazz hold any appeal for you?
Does leech therapy work?
Does life even serve a specific purpose?
Does liquid water exist below the icecaps on Mars?
Does love exist or is it only an illusion?
Does love exist?
Does loyalty even exist anymore?
Does mankind have dominion over animals and birds?
Does mass agriculture endanger Algeria's fragile ecosystems?
Does milk spoil quickly?
Does milking hurt the ewe?
Does modesty prevent you from seeing my naked blade?
Does money bring happiness?
Does money bring you happiness?
Does music calm your mind?
Does music help you relax?
Does music inspire your creativity?
Does my French sound weird?
Does my aunt eat more vegetables than meat?
Does my bank card work with this ATM?
Does my being here bother you?
Does my breath smell bad?
Does my breath smell?
Does my bum look big in this?
Does my card work here?
Does my cat love me?
Does my cut need stitches?
Does my dog look fat to you?
Does my ear look swollen?
Does my father know about this?
Does my revision help?
Does my smoking bother you?
Does my training qualify me to teach?
Does my world exist?
Does networked administration facilitate interministerial coordination?
Does night light actually help to make you sleepy?
Does no one have a question?
Does no one help you?
Does not apply.
Does not he like her?
Does not she like her?
Does not the demos like excitement, and will not the newspaper set forth in detail every manner of accident and crime and gossip?
Does not the memory of having had the same fate beget compassion in the heart?
Does nothing alarm you?
Does nothing go well for him?
Does objective history exist?
Does one of you know where Tom went?
Does one of you want to come here and redo what I just did?
Does only a man inherit what the parents left?
Does our country need to invest in alternative energies?
Does pain have purpose?
Does paradise exist?
Does pomelo interact with medications the same way grapefruit does?
Does power corrupt?
Does prison reform criminals?
Does psychoanalysis lack a scientific basis?
Does race play a part in your job as a cop?
Does school start at eight-thirty?
Does sci-fi, you think, insult JC?
Does sci-fi, you think, insult your religion?
Does she agree with him?
Does she already know?
Does she always go there?
Does she always smoke Charles' cigarettes?
Does she answer the questions?
Does she approve of this?
Does she belong to the tennis club?
Does she collect butterflies?
Does she come from England?
Does she come from here?
Does she come from the agency that sent the last temporary I had?
Does she dare to go into the forest?
Does she deserve the first prize?
Does she drink coffee?
Does she drink milk?
Does she eat the apple?
Does she even know how to cook?
Does she ever talk about me?
Does she exist?
Does she feel cold?
Does she feel safe at home?
Does she hate me?
Does she have a bicycle?
Does she have a big nose?
Does she have a boyfriend?
Does she have a brother or a sister?
Does she have a brother?
Does she have a chicken?
Does she have a dog?
Does she have a dog? No.
Does she have a family?
Does she have a garden?
Does she have a girlfriend?
Does she have a guest?
Does she have a hobby?
Does she have a house?
Does she have a husband?
Does she have a job?
Does she have a lot of books?
Does she have a lover?
Does she have a minute?
Does she have a mother?
Does she have a new computer?
Does she have a passport?
Does she have a pet?
Does she have a piano?
Does she have a pulse?
Does she have a shirt?
Does she have a sister?
Does she have an opinion about this?
Does she have any allergies?
Does she have any brothers or sisters?
Does she have any friends?
Does she have any merit?
Does she have any special trait?
Does she have any tattoos?
Does she have brothers?
Does she have children?
Does she have crabs?
Does she have enough energy to take a long trip?
Does she have experience?
Does she have free time?
Does she have green eyes?
Does she have it or not?
Does she have long hair?
Does she have money?
Does she have rice?
Does she have stomachache?
Does she have to close the window?
Does she have to know?
Does she have to stay at home today?
Does she have what it takes?
Does she know English?
Does she know I'm here?
Does she know anything?
Does she know her brother?
Does she know him?
Does she know how he feels about her?
Does she know how to play the piano?
Does she know how you feel?
Does she know me?
Does she know that I'm here?
Does she know that her son has gone?
Does she know that you know?
Does she know that you like her?
Does she know that?
Does she know this?
Does she know what he's saying?
Does she know what she's saying?
Does she know where she is?
Does she know why Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with us?
Does she know you're here?
Does she know you?
Does she know your phone number?
Does she know your telephone number?
Does she know?
Does she like China?
Does she like cats?
Does she like chocolate?
Does she like her job?
Does she like her new job?
Does she like me?
Does she like my hat?
Does she like orange?
Does she like oranges?
Does she like reading books?
Does she like sports?
Does she like the United States?
Does she like to cook?
Does she like you, too?
Does she live alone in that huge house?
Does she live alone?
Does she live close by?
Does she live here?
Does she live in Algeria?
Does she live in the area?
Does she live in the neighbourhood?
Does she live near you, sir?
Does she live opposite?
Does she live over the way?
Does she live round here?
Does she live with her wife?
Does she love me?
Does she need a shirt?
Does she need gold?
Does she need the book?
Does she need to go?
Does she own a pet?
Does she pass by here?
Does she plan on coming back home on Monday?
Does she play Pokémon?
Does she play baseball?
Does she play piano?
Does she play the guitar?
Does she play the piano?
Does she play the setar?
Does she play the tanbur?
Does she play the yangqin?
Does she really believe what she says?
Does she really believe what she's saying?
Does she really float your boat?
Does she really think that she can just waltz in here as if nothing happened?
Does she really want that?
Does she really want to die on this hill?
Does she remember what I promised you?
Does she run every day?
Does she see the sky?
Does she sell mineral water?
Does she sing or play the piano?
Does she sing?
Does she smoke?
Does she speak Berber?
Does she speak Dutch?
Does she speak English, French or German?
Does she speak English?
Does she speak French?
Does she speak Hungarian too?
Does she speak Polish too?
Does she speak Spanish?
Does she speak Tagalog?
Does she spend a lot?
Does she still have a temperature?
Does she still have baby teeth?
Does she still live here?
Does she still sleep?
Does she still think about her old friend?
Does she still want to take part in the party?
Does she think I'm weird?
Does she think of being perfect?
Does she think she's funny?
Does she trust you?
Does she understand Finnish?
Does she understand Hungarian?
Does she understand Italian?
Does she understand Magyar?
Does she understand the language of Hungarians?
Does she understand the language of Magyars?
Does she understand the language of the Hungarian people?
Does she understand the language of the Magyar people?
Does she understand what he's saying?
Does she understand why he doesn’t want to see her?
Does she use Kabyle words while chatting with her sister?
Does she use her computer?
Does she want codfish?
Does she want some more tea?
Does she want something from you?
Does she want to book a trip to Australia?
Does she want to eat chicken?
Does she want to eat lentils?
Does she want to eat pizza?
Does she want to go away?
Does she want to go or not?
Does she want to look at it?
Does she want to stay here?
Does she watch TV?
Does she wear Kabyle dresses?
Does she work hard?
Does she work here?
Does she work in a team?
Does she work in the kitchen?
Does she work in this city?
Does she write?
Does silence actually exist in this universe?
Does somebody feel unwell?
Does somebody here own this watch?
Does somebody here speak Japanese?
Does somebody know where Mom is?
Does somebody want to do my homework for me?
Does someone else want to eat?
Does someone have my ballpoint pen?
Does someone have the exact time, please?
Does someone have the key here?
Does someone have this key?
Does someone here know how to do this?
Does someone here know which noble gases are radioactive?
Does someone here speak French?
Does someone here speak Japanese?
Does someone know about a remedy that might help?
Does someone know how to earn money in time of crisis?
Does someone know that you are there?
Does someone know where my son is?
Does someone remember it?
Does something hurt?
Does something seem suspicious?
Does spending money make you happy?
Does technology hinder or help?
Does that about do it?
Does that affect the price?
Does that amuse you?
Does that animal eat people?
Does that answer satisfy you?
Does that answer the question?
Does that answer your question?
Does that appeal to you?
Does that belong to Tom?
Does that belong to her?
Does that belong to him?
Does that belong to them?
Does that belong to you?
Does that bolt seem loose?
Does that bother you?
Does that bread taste OK?
Does that bus have air conditioning?
Does that car belong to Jamal?
Does that car belong to Tom?
Does that chair hurt your back?
Does that change anything?
Does that chocolate bar have nuts in it?
Does that clinic still exist?
Does that clock work?
Does that coffee agree with you?
Does that come with fries?
Does that concern me?
Does that concern you?
Does that count?
Does that description fit?
Does that drink have alcohol?
Does that even work?
Does that ever cross your mind?
Does that ever happen to you?
Does that excite you?
Does that feel better?
Does that feel good?
Does that feel right?
Does that fit with the equipment?
Does that float your boat?
Does that frighten you?
Does that give you cause for concern?
Does that go there?
Does that guy look familiar to you?
Does that happen a lot?
Does that happen every time?
Does that happen often?
Does that have anything to do with what we're talking about?
Does that help a bit?
Does that help clear things up for you?
Does that help you at all?
Does that help?
Does that hurt?
Does that include breakfast?
Does that include everything?
Does that interest you?
Does that kind of thing happen a lot?
Does that kind of thing happen often?
Does that lady know you?
Does that look like blood to you?
Does that make a difference?
Does that make any sense at all?
Does that make any sense to you?
Does that make any sense?
Does that make it an issue?
Does that make it any clearer?
Does that make it clearer?
Does that make me sound like a crazy person?
Does that make me weird?
Does that make sense to anybody?
Does that make sense to you?
Does that make sense?
Does that make things more complicated?
Does that make you afraid?
Does that make you angry?
Does that make you cross?
Does that make you feel any better?
Does that make you feel better?
Does that make you feel smart?
Does that make you happy?
Does that make you laugh?
Does that make you sad?
Does that make you uncomfortable?
Does that matter?
Does that mean I can go home now?
Does that mean I can return now?
Does that mean I'm dying?
Does that mean I'm in trouble?
Does that mean Rob is getting lucky tonight?
Does that mean Tom did what Mary said he did?
Does that mean anything to you?
Does that mean anything?
Does that mean no?
Does that mean something to you?
Does that mean something?
Does that mean that Tom and Mary aren't going to do that?
Does that mean that Tom isn't going to do that?
Does that mean that Tom won't do that?
Does that mean that the boy's parents can be charged with child neglect?
Does that mean that we won?
Does that mean that you forgive me?
Does that mean we're in trouble?
Does that mean we're wrong, too?
Does that mean yes or no?
Does that mean yes?
Does that mean you agree?
Does that mean you bought it?
Does that mean you don't want to go?
Does that mean you want to break up?
Does that mean you won't come?
Does that mean you won’t come?
Does that mean you'll have dinner with me tonight?
Does that mean you'll have to stay?
Does that mean you'll stay?
Does that mean you're going to buy it?
Does that mean you're ready now?
Does that meet with your approval?
Does that name ring a bell?
Does that outfit fit you?
Does that place even exist?
Does that please you or not?
Does that price include VAT?
Does that price include breakfast?
Does that price include soup and salad?
Does that price include tax?
Does that product still exist?
Does that really happen?
Does that really have to be done?
Does that really matter?
Does that really not interest you?
Does that really surprise you?
Does that remind you of anything?
Does that ring a bell?
Does that satisfy you?
Does that say anything to you?
Does that scare you?
Does that seem fair to you?
Does that seem like something we can do?
Does that seem like something you can do?
Does that seem like something you might want to do?
Does that seem like something you might want to try?
Does that seem out of the ordinary to you?
Does that seem practical to you?
Does that seem reasonable to you?
Does that seem right to you?
Does that seem strange to you?
Does that seem wise?
Does that shock you?
Does that smell bother you?
Does that sound accurate to you?
Does that sound accurate?
Does that sound convincing?
Does that sound fair to you?
Does that sound familiar to you, Clara?
Does that sound familiar to you?
Does that sound familiar, Tom?
Does that sound familiar?
Does that sound like a lot?
Does that sound like blackmail to you, Tom?
Does that sound like you?
Does that sound likely to you?
Does that sound right to you?
Does that sound romantic?
Does that sound stupid?
Does that sound weird?
Does that sound worth it to you?
Does that sounds familiar?
Does that still exist?
Does that still scare you?
Does that still work for you?
Does that store keep textile goods?
Does that store sell bread?
Does that suggest anything to you?
Does that suggest something to you?
Does that suit you?
Does that surprise you?
Does that taste good?
Does that tell you something?
Does that trouble you?
Does that truly matter?
Does that vending machine take cash?
Does that window open?
Does that woman look familiar to you?
Does that work for everyone here?
Does that work for you?
Does that work?
Does that young lady know Mr. Darcy?
Does the 19 bus go to Main Street?
Does the 30 bus come here?
Does the Algerian dinar have to be depreciated again?
Does the Algerian government need a large fiscal stimulus plan?
Does the Algerian government want to make the country a cheap manufacturing base?
Does the Algerian state need to be refounded?
Does the Baha'i Faith consider prophets to be manifestations of God?
Does the Berlin Wall still exist?
Does the Bible really refer to the trinity?
Does the Bible refer to the trinity?
Does the Chelif River flow all year round?
Does the Chrea National Park have a lot of camp grounds?
Does the Easter bunny actually lay eggs, and if so, are they chocolate?
Does the Lord say that, too?
Does the Netherlands have a king?
Does the Oedipus Complex apply to me, too? It sure doesn't feel like it, though.
Does the Space Force have special forces?
Does the Sun revolve around the Earth?
Does the Yule gnome really exist?
Does the amount of rain affect the growth of crops?
Does the apartment have a balcony?
Does the apartment have a garden?
Does the applicant have suitable abilities to carry out the job?
Does the army have a contingency plan?
Does the average Italian really exist?
Does the bedroom have a wardrobe, or built-in cupboards?
Does the bus even go that far?
Does the bus have a toilet?
Does the bus stop here?
Does the bus stop in Stirling?
Does the cable fit?
Does the captain know?
Does the car have power steering?
Does the chemical compound phosgene contain phosphorus atoms?
Does the city literally owe its existence to Mussolini?
Does the clock work?
Does the coach stop here?
Does the coat fit well?
Does the color really matter?
Does the computer prepare or fail to prepare our youth?
Does the cough disturb your sleep?
Does the country risk being enclosed in a geographical cocoon if it spurns a multi-continent project for which everyone else has signed up?
Does the crown require polishing, my lord?
Does the customer have his receipt?
Does the death penalty stop crime?
Does the doctor know this patient's medical history?
Does the dog under the bench belong to you?
Does the dress fit well?
Does the duchess wish for a dance?
Does the duchess wish for more wine?
Does the end justify the means?
Does the end justify the means? That is possible. But what will justify the end?
Does the error occur regularly or sporadically? Is the error reproducible?
Does the exercise contain errors?
Does the fact that horses have hooves mean that they have no fingers?
Does the film have subtitles?
Does the flat have a garage?
Does the flat have a garden?
Does the flat have three bedrooms?
Does the fork go on the right or on the left?
Does the gentleman know whose car this is here?
Does the gentleman know whose car this is?
Does the gentleman speak Turkish?
Does the government even care?
Does the government really care?
Does the green sheep speak Esperanto?
Does the hat fit well?
Does the heating work in the winter?
Does the hen eat eggs?
Does the horse have to be killed?
Does the hotel have a gift shop?
Does the house have a garden?
Does the house there belong to them?
Does the keyboard work?
Does the lady know who this car belongs to?
Does the lady know who this car here belongs to?
Does the lady know you?
Does the lady speak Turkish?
Does the landlord want a deposition?
Does the law allow me to do so?
Does the law say anything about this?
Does the letter need to be written in English?
Does the library have that book?
Does the library have this book?
Does the license plate of your car begin with ABC?
Does the lift work?
Does the lion beat the dog?
Does the machine still work?
Does the man feed the cat?
Does the manananggal eat people?
Does the meat look under-cooked?
Does the medicine act on the stomach?
Does the medicine act quickly?
Does the medicine come in droplet form?
Does the medicine even work?
Does the mid-autumn festival fall on Monday this year?
Does the milk still taste good?
Does the moon influence people's sleep?
Does the moon shine?
Does the music have to be so loud?
Does the must-jump rule apply?
Does the name Herbert McAdams mean anything to you?
Does the name Tom Jackson mean anything to you?
Does the name Tom Jackson ring a bell?
Does the name Tom Jackson ring any bells?
Does the name Tom mean anything to you?
Does the natural world follow the laws of nature, or do the natural laws not instead follow the natural world?
Does the night bring you clarity?
Does the night hold the answers you seek?
Does the ocean hide new secrets?
Does the offer still stand?
Does the office need more resources?
Does the pain wake you up at night?
Does the paper need to be double spaced?
Does the person talk in your language?
Does the pilot intend to land soon?
Does the plane go to Geneva?
Does the president believe climate change is a hoax?
Does the president expect to even have a second term?
Does the president of your company also play golf?
Does the price include VAT?
Does the price include accommodation?
Does the price include breakfast?
Does the price include tax?
Does the price of the room include the service charges?
Does the printer have any ink?
Does the puppy drink water?
Does the queen require her royal scepter?
Does the room also have a television?
Does the room feel cold to you?
Does the room have a bath?
Does the room have a kettle?
Does the room have a shower?
Does the room have air conditioning?
Does the sailor see your ship?
Does the school have a library?
Does the sea call your name?
Does the sea sing to you at night?
Does the sea soothe your soul?
Does the set of all sets that do not contain themselves contain itself?
Does the ship go to Genoa?
Does the shirt fit you well?
Does the shop have what you need?
Does the shop meet your needs?
Does the sky touch the earth?
Does the smoke bother you?
Does the snake not bite when we step on it?
Does the soil suit vegetables?
Does the soul transcend the physical world?
Does the soup taste OK?
Does the soup taste good?
Does the store you're going to sell rice?
Does the store you're going to sell rice? If so, please buy me some.
Does the story end well?
Does the story have a happy ending?
Does the subway go to the airport?
Does the supernatural exist?
Does the swimming pool belong to my aunt?
Does the tarot have French origins?
Does the term self-preservation mean anything to you?
Does the tooth fairy speak Berber?
Does the train stop at the next station?
Does the train stop in Coventry?
Does the tube stop at the next station?
Does the tube train stop at the next station?
Does the united community read the official Toki Pona book?
Does the universe have an end?
Does the universe listen to our thoughts?
Does the wall have any windows?
Does the water run out a little?
Does the wind carry your hopes away?
Does the wine taste good?
Does their father work for the canton?
Does their opinion count?
Does their opinion matter?
Does therapeutic fasting have any benefits?
Does there need to be a goal?
Does thinking and dreaming in your home language count for anything?
Does this CD player work?
Does this French sentence have multiple meanings?
Does this Kabyle dress still fit you?
Does this actually make you happy?
Does this affect Tom?
Does this air conditioner work?
Does this all belong to you?
Does this app have a dark theme?
Does this backpack belong to him?
Does this backpack belong to you?
Does this bag belong to you?
Does this belong to Tom?
Does this belong to you?
Does this book belong to you?
Does this book go in any special place?
Does this bother anyone else?
Does this bother you in any way?
Does this bother you?
Does this bread seem stale to you?
Does this building have an elevator?
Does this burgundy Henley shirt come in small?
Does this bus go the Hilton Hotel?
Does this bus go to Boston?
Does this bus go to the Hilton Hotel?
Does this bus go to the art museum?
Does this bus go to the beach?
Does this bus go to the center of town?
Does this bus go to the museum?
Does this bus go to the station?
Does this bus go to the town centre?
Does this bus go to the train station?
Does this bus go to the zoo?
Does this bus pass the zoo?
Does this bus stop at the zoo?
Does this bus stop by the zoo?
Does this candy contain liquor?
Does this cap belong to you?
Does this car belong to you?
Does this car belong to you?!
Does this car go to Jingan temple?
Does this car have an airbag?
Does this car have seat belts?
Does this car only have two seats?
Does this car use regular or premium?
Does this cat belong to you?
Does this cave tour look interesting?
Does this city have Uber?
Does this club have a live band, or is there a DJ?
Does this coat belong to you?
Does this coat look good on me?
Does this come in a smaller size?
Does this come in any other color?
Does this come in any other colour?
Does this concern you at all?
Does this contain gluten?
Does this count?
Does this credit card work internationally?
Does this diamond have any flaws?
Does this dish contain meat?
Does this document refresh your memory?
Does this document refresh your recollection?
Does this dog belong to anyone?
Does this dog bite?
Does this door lock?
Does this door open, too?
Does this dress look OK on me?
Does this dress look OK?
Does this dress look good on me?
Does this dress look okay?
Does this dress make me look fat?
Does this drink have alcohol in it?
Does this essay have any errors in it?
Does this even make sense?
Does this ever actually work?
Does this farm have a spot where we can go fishing?
Does this film have French subtitles?
Does this fit?
Does this flight make any stop-overs?
Does this food contain any meat?
Does this go in the recycling bin?
Does this guy just hate everyone?
Does this hairstyle suit me?
Does this happen often?
Does this happen to you a lot?
Does this happen to you often?
Does this hat fit you?
Does this have anything to do with Tom?
Does this have anything to do with Yanni?
Does this have anything to do with me?
Does this have blueberries in it?
Does this have gelatine in it?
Does this have meat in it?
Does this have pork in it?
Does this have something to do with our work?
Does this have to be done now?
Does this have to be dry-cleaned?
Does this help you sleep at night?
Does this hold water?
Does this hotel have a gym?
Does this hotel have a hair salon?
Does this hotel have a sauna?
Does this house belong to you?
Does this house have a basement?
Does this house have a pool?
Does this house withstand earthquakes?
Does this hurt?
Does this insect bite?
Does this insect sting?
Does this interest you?
Does this jacket look good on me?
Does this jacket look good on you?
Does this job offer opportunities for advancement?
Does this key belong to you?
Does this kind of tea have caffeine in it?
Does this kind of thing happen a lot?
Does this kind of thing really happen everywhere?
Does this language school teach Berber?
Does this letter have to be written in English?
Does this look OK to you?
Does this look OK?
Does this look bad?
Does this look familiar to you?
Does this look familiar?
Does this look good on me?
Does this look good?
Does this look like Tom's handwriting?
Does this look like an accident?
Does this look like confidence?
Does this look like malice?
Does this look like something to you?
Does this look like the face of mercy?
Does this look moldy to you?
Does this look mouldy to you?
Does this look pink to you?
Does this look purple to you?
Does this look silly?
Does this look strange?
Does this machine accept euro coins?
Does this machine still work?
Does this make any sense to you?
Does this make any sense?
Does this make it easier for you?
Does this make me look fat?
Does this make sense to you?
Does this make sense?
Does this make you feel any better?
Does this make you feel better?
Does this make you feel good?
Does this make you feel great?
Does this make you laugh?
Does this make you uncomfortable?
Does this man need a wheelchair?
Does this map have a legend?
Does this match the English?
Does this match the translation?
Does this mean I can go now?
Does this mean I can win?
Does this mean I have to leave?
Does this mean anything to Dan?
Does this mean anything to you?
Does this mean he's moving back into her place?
Does this mean something bad has happened?
Does this mean something is wrong?
Does this mean something to you?
Does this mean something's wrong?
Does this mean that I am still in love with her?
Does this mean that Sami is gay?
Does this mean that we have to file bankruptcy?
Does this mean that you don't love me anymore?
Does this mean that you love me?
Does this mean that you're not going to go to Australia?
Does this mean that you're not going to go to Boston?
Does this mean we can't go on the picnic?
Does this mean we're friends now?
Does this mean we're friends?
Does this mean we've missed our chance?
Does this mean what I think it means?
Does this mean you won't be sleeping here?
Does this mean you're going?
Does this mean you're not coming to help?
Does this mean you're not going to go to Australia?
Does this mean you’re not coming to help?
Does this medicine actually help?
Does this medicine actually relieve pain?
Does this medicine have any side effects?
Does this medicine really relieve pain?
Does this medicine really work?
Does this medicine work quickly?
Does this medicine work?
Does this meet your expectations?
Does this merit a reaction?
Does this metal absolutely have to be tempered?
Does this milk smell OK?
Does this movie have French subtitles?
Does this need to be censored?
Does this need to be kept in the refrigerator?
Does this need to be refrigerated?
Does this noise bother you?
Does this not please you?
Does this offend you?
Does this often happen around here?
Does this often happen here?
Does this often happen to Tom?
Does this often happen to you?
Does this often happen?
Does this old radio still work?
Does this one fit?
Does this only apply to Berber?
Does this outfit make me look fat?
Does this path lead to the train station?
Does this place belong to you?
Does this plan meet with your approval?
Does this please you, or do you want something else?
Does this pose a significant threat to Algeria?
Does this price include meals?
Does this printer have ethernet?
Does this really matter?
Does this really work?
Does this remind you of anybody?
Does this remind you of anyone?
Does this report make any sense to you?
Does this require me to have friends?
Does this restaurant have a secret menu?
Does this restaurant have pilaf?
Does this restaurant have pulao?
Does this restaurant serve rice?
Does this restaurant serve vegan dishes?
Does this ring a bell?
Does this road go to Boston?
Does this road lead to your house?
Does this rucksack belong to him?
Does this rule still apply?
Does this seem accurate to you?
Does this seem accurate?
Does this seem fair to you?
Does this seem fair?
Does this seem reasonable to you?
Does this seem right to you?
Does this seem strange to you?
Does this sentence make sense?
Does this sentence sound like something a native speaker would say?
Does this ship go to Genoa?
Does this shirt come in any other colors?
Does this shirt come in other colors?
Does this shirt fit you?
Does this shirt make me look fat?
Does this shop sell bread?
Does this sit right with you?
Does this skirt suit me?
Does this small dirt road lead to Mount Chenoua?
Does this smell OK to you?
Does this sound better?
Does this sound familiar?
Does this sound good?
Does this sound horrible?
Does this sound like something for you?
Does this sound natural to you?
Does this sound stupid?
Does this spider bite?
Does this still work?
Does this store have bags?
Does this story hold water?
Does this street lead to your house?
Does this strike anyone as being a stupid idea?
Does this strike your fancy?
Does this suit fit?
Does this suit you?
Does this suitcase bother you?
Does this surprise anyone?
Does this taste rancid to you?
Does this taste rotten to you?
Does this taxi go to the Jingan temple?
Does this thing actually work?
Does this thing embarrass you?
Does this thing work?
Does this threaten Algeria's food security?
Does this tie look OK?
Does this train go straight to Barcelona?
Does this train have a sleeping car?
Does this train stop at Kunshan station?
Does this train stop at every station?
Does this train stop at the Kunshan station?
Does this translation sound OK to you?
Does this valley have a name?
Does this vending machine accept euro coins?
Does this verb take the accusative, or does the object need to be expressed in a different case?
Does this video remind you of something?
Does this watch belong to anyone here?
Does this watch belong to somebody here?
Does this watch belong to someone here?
Does this water taste OK?
Does this water taste bad?
Does this website have a double standard?
Does this window open?
Does this word even exist?
Does this work for you?
Does this work?
Does this zoo have raccoons?
Does time heal all wounds?
Does time really heal all wounds, or do we just become accustomed to having been wounded?
Does time truly exist?
Does today's problem have anything in common with the past?
Does truth begin in lies?
Does truth matter?
Does unemployment worry you?
Does using Emacs (which is probably easy for you) cause you to have weak fingers?
Does water conduct electricity?
Does weather affect your mood?
Does what I said make sense?
Does what Tom eats cost a lot?
Does what Tom said make sense?
Does what Tom think matter?
Does what you do make you happy?
Does your French teacher ever use English in the classroom?
Does your French teacher speak English well?
Does your academic record reflect any major challenges? If so, what are they and why did they occur?
Does your apartment have a balcony?
Does your arm hurt?
Does your arm still hurt?
Does your back hurt?
Does your back still hurt?
Does your band need a van?
Does your best friend live in the same street as you?
Does your best friend live very far from you?
Does your book have a French translation?
Does your book have a French translator?
Does your boyfriend have a job?
Does your boyfriend like tea?
Does your boyfriend like to drink tea?
Does your boyfriend speak French?
Does your brother drive?
Does your brother have a moustache, sideburns or a full beard?
Does your brother have his own house in Germany?
Does your brother know how he should drive a car?
Does your brother know how to drive?
Does your brother like basketball?
Does your brother like ice skating?
Does your brother live in France?
Does your brother pick on you a lot?
Does your car have a rear window defroster?
Does your car have a spare tire?
Does your car have a spare tyre?
Does your carpet match your drapes?
Does your cat like milk?
Does your child know their father?
Does your coat have a collar?
Does your company need a programmer?
Does your conscience haunt you?
Does your country have a pope?
Does your country have enough water?
Does your country have nuclear weapons?
Does your country have renowned boxers?
Does your country have the death penalty?
Does your dad ever say no?
Does your dad have relatives?
Does your daughter speak the Kabyle language?
Does your daughter work?
Does your diet have too much fat?
Does your dog allow itself to be petted?
Does your dog bark at Tom?
Does your dog bark at everybody?
Does your dog bark at everyone?
Does your dog bark at her?
Does your dog bark at him?
Does your dog bark at them?
Does your dog bite?
Does your dog enjoy swimming in the lake?
Does your dog have fleas?
Does your dog jump up on things?
Does your dog know any tricks?
Does your dog really have a library card?
Does your dress become me?
Does your family background involve Chinese medicine?
Does your family have a “motto” – spoken or unspoken?
Does your family have any special Christmas traditions?
Does your family live around here?
Does your family support you?
Does your father get home early?
Does your father know about this?
Does your father know you've broken your watch?
Does your father know?
Does your father smoke?
Does your father speak Berber?
Does your father work in a factory?
Does your father work?
Does your foot still hurt?
Does your friend know how to cook?
Does your friend like tea?
Does your friend live there?
Does your friend speak Arabic?
Does your friend speak Esperanto?
Does your fur itch?
Does your girlfriend like flowers?
Does your girlfriend speak English?
Does your girlfriend speak French?
Does your girlfriend want to join in?
Does your grandson go to school yet?
Does your head ache?
Does your head hurt often?
Does your head hurt?
Does your head itch?
Does your head still ache?
Does your head still hurt?
Does your horse have a name?
Does your hotel have a name?
Does your house have a basement?
Does your house have a red roof?
Does your house have a yard?
Does your husband beat you?
Does your husband help you with the dishes?
Does your husband like California?
Does your husband like to wear make-up?
Does your invitation still stand?
Does your job pay well?
Does your knee hurt?
Does your knee still hurt?
Does your language have a word for "exobiology"?
Does your manager talk poorly about your co-workers?
Does your mom know how to drive?
Does your mom know where you are?
Does your mom know where you were last night?
Does your mom know you're still awake?
Does your mom know?
Does your mom make you take out the trash?
Does your mom perhaps need a son-in-law?
Does your mom still gives you a bath?
Does your mother bake cakes often?
Does your mother clean your room for you?
Does your mother ever complain about washing dishes?
Does your mother know about that?
Does your mother know about this?
Does your mother know you're still awake?
Does your mother know?
Does your mother play golf?
Does your mother smoke?
Does your mother tell you how beautiful you are every morning before you leave to work?
Does your mother work here?
Does your mother work?
Does your mum know how to drive?
Does your mum know where you are?
Does your mum know you're still up?
Does your mum make you take the rubbish out?
Does your mum work here?
Does your neck hurt?
Does your neighbor's dog bark a lot?
Does your neighbor's dog bark often?
Does your new computer run well?
Does your nose still hurt?
Does your offer still stand?
Does your partner empathize with you?
Does your phone have battery?
Does your roof leak?
Does your room have a carpet?
Does your room have a closet?
Does your room have two windows?
Does your salary get put on your pay card on a monthly basis?
Does your schedule allow you to have time off?
Does your school have a baseball team?
Does your school have a basketball team?
Does your school have a dormitory?
Does your school have a girls' basketball team?
Does your school have a language lab?
Does your school have a library?
Does your school still have a basketball team?
Does your shame know no bounds?
Does your shoulder still hurt?
Does your shower work?
Does your sister have a large family?
Does your sister have children?
Does your sister know how to play piano?
Does your sister know how to play the piano?
Does your sister live there?
Does your sister pick on you a lot?
Does your sister study there?
Does your sister teach there?
Does your sister work there?
Does your snake bite?
Does your son like going to kindergarten?
Does your son like going to nursery school?
Does your son like kindergarten?
Does your son want to become a doctor or a lawyer?
Does your spouse attend church with you?
Does your stepdaughter listen to you?
Does your stomach hurt?
Does your throat hurt?
Does your tooth hurt?
Does your violinist also play the viola?
Does your volunteer work bring you satisfaction?
Does your watch keep good time?
Does your website make you money?
Does your wife agree?
Does your wife cook for you like this?
Does your wife have a cat?
Does your wife have a passport?
Does your wife have any allergies?
Does your wife know German?
Does your wife know all this?
Does your wife know any German?
Does your wife know that you served time in jail?
Does your wife know?
Does your wife let you smoke inside the house?
Does your wife like cats?
Does your wife like to wear make-up?
Does your wife not know how to turn on the dryer?
Does your wife still like shrimps?
Does your wife wear glasses?
Does your wife wear the Muslim headscarf?
Does your wife work?
Does your wig make you deaf?
Does your work bring you satisfaction?
Does your work interest you?
Does your work tire you out?
Does yuba feel anything?
Does zionism kill more than Big Pharma?
Doesn't Mary look cute?
Doesn't Mary look great in that dress?
Doesn't Mary look lovely?
Doesn't Mary look pretty?
Doesn't Mary realize Tom loves her?
Doesn't Mary realize that Tom loves her?
Doesn't Tom always wear a tie?
Doesn't Tom do that?
Doesn't Tom drive you crazy?
Doesn't Tom enjoy watching baseball?
Doesn't Tom ever do it?
Doesn't Tom ever do that?
Doesn't Tom ever get scared?
Doesn't Tom ever get tired?
Doesn't Tom ever leave his house?
Doesn't Tom ever wear a shirt?
Doesn't Tom ever wear a suit?
Doesn't Tom ever wear a watch?
Doesn't Tom ever win?
Doesn't Tom go to Australia every month?
Doesn't Tom go to Boston every month?
Doesn't Tom have any friends?
Doesn't Tom have any fun?
Doesn't Tom have anything better to do?
Doesn't Tom know that you can't do that?
Doesn't Tom know that you can't eat nuts?
Doesn't Tom know that you can't swim?
Doesn't Tom know tomorrow is Halloween?
Doesn't Tom know you can't do that?
Doesn't Tom know you can't eat nuts?
Doesn't Tom know you can't swim?
Doesn't Tom like Mary anymore?
Doesn't Tom like Mary?
Doesn't Tom like girls?
Doesn't Tom live here?
Doesn't Tom live in Australia?
Doesn't Tom live in Boston?
Doesn't Tom look good?
Doesn't Tom look handsome?
Doesn't Tom look scared?
Doesn't Tom need an oven? Let's give him our old one.
Doesn't Tom play the piano?
Doesn't Tom realize Mary loves him?
Doesn't Tom realize that Mary loves him?
Doesn't Tom remind you of John?
Doesn't Tom remind you of somebody?
Doesn't Tom remind you of someone?
Doesn't Tom sing tenor?
Doesn't Tom smell anything?
Doesn't Tom snore?
Doesn't Tom sometimes do that?
Doesn't Tom sometimes eat lunch with you?
Doesn't Tom speak French?
Doesn't Tom stay with you when he's in town?
Doesn't Tom study French?
Doesn't Tom swim?
Doesn't Tom take care of all this stuff now?
Doesn't Tom teach French?
Doesn't Tom trust Mary?
Doesn't Tom trust us?
Doesn't Tom trust you?
Doesn't Tom understand what's going on?
Doesn't Tom understand what's happening?
Doesn't Tom want anything to eat?
Doesn't Tom want to do that?
Doesn't Tom want to go with us?
Doesn't Yuri deserve to know the truth?
Doesn't Ziri have anything to do than hang around Rima?
Doesn't Ziri have other friends?
Doesn't a language in which many words end with consonants, like plosives and affricates, sound "harder" than a language in which many words end with a vowel? Which ones are the "rocks"?
Doesn't anybody appreciate theater?
Doesn't anybody have anything nice to say about Tom?
Doesn't anybody want to know why Tom and I are here?
Doesn't anybody want to take a walk to the sea?
Doesn't anyone care?
Doesn't anyone have a question?
Doesn't anyone have anything nice to say about Tom?
Doesn't anyone help you?
Doesn't anyone here have a phone charger?
Doesn't anyone know how long we are going to be here?
Doesn't anyone listen?
Doesn't anyone want to know why Tom and I are here?
Doesn't anyone want to know why we're here?
Doesn't anyone want to speak to me?
Doesn't anything ever get to you?
Doesn't doing that get old?
Doesn't doing that hurt your back?
Doesn't everybody have one?
Doesn't fit. Too short.
Doesn't he eat dinner?
Doesn't he have any other clothes?
Doesn't he just get on your nerves?
Doesn't he know I'm going out with Tom?
Doesn't he know me?
Doesn't he know the two I'm talking about?
Doesn't he like him?
Doesn't he live in Montmartre any more?
Doesn't he live in Montmartre anymore?
Doesn't he love his dog?
Doesn't he realize that if we don't get the land, our project is dead?
Doesn't he see?
Doesn't he sound like a doctor?
Doesn't he want to?
Doesn't he work in marketing?
Doesn't his answer surprise you?
Doesn't it bother Tom?
Doesn't it bother you to see this happening?
Doesn't it bother you?
Doesn't it embarrass you that your phone is smarter than you are?
Doesn't it ever bother you?
Doesn't it feel good?
Doesn't it feel like summer?
Doesn't it get cold in the south of South America?
Doesn't it hurt as you say that?
Doesn't it hurt your back?
Doesn't it interest you a little?
Doesn't it irritate you to see couples making out around town?
Doesn't it irritate you when motorcycles take up entire parking spaces?
Doesn't it look a little odd?
Doesn't it look a little strange?
Doesn't it look like a mirror?
Doesn't it look nice?
Doesn't it make you ill?
Doesn't it make you nervous?
Doesn't it seem strange to you?
Doesn't it seem to you that it's cold in this room?
Doesn't it seem to you that you're a little out of place?
Doesn't it smell like bacon?
Doesn't it smell like tabacco?
Doesn't it smell of tabacco?
Doesn't it smell wonderful here?
Doesn't it sometimes just get to you?
Doesn't it taste good?
Doesn't it work?
Doesn't it worry you that your son barely has any contact with other children?
Doesn't it make sense to do this this way?
Doesn't language death make communication easier?
Doesn't language death mean fewer barriers to communication?
Doesn't love always begin that way?
Doesn't matter to me where we're going to eat. I entirely entrust that to you.
Doesn't matter.
Doesn't seem like it.
Doesn't she drive you crazy?
Doesn't she drive you mad?
Doesn't she drive you nuts?
Doesn't she go?
Doesn't she have... beautiful eyes?
Doesn't she know the two I'm talking about?
Doesn't she like him?
Doesn't she love her dog?
Doesn't she play the piano anymore?
Doesn't she take care of your children?
Doesn't she want to?
Doesn't she work in marketing?
Doesn't that bolt seem loose?
Doesn't that bother anyone?
Doesn't that bother you?
Doesn't that car look familiar?
Doesn't that cat on the curtain look just like Cookie?
Doesn't that cause chaos?
Doesn't that change things?
Doesn't that cloud look like a dog?
Doesn't that drive you mad?
Doesn't that drive you nuts?
Doesn't that feel better?
Doesn't that go without saying?
Doesn't that just make you angry?
Doesn't that look fun?
Doesn't that make sense?
Doesn't that make you a little bit uncomfortable?
Doesn't that make you even a little bit uncomfortable?
Doesn't that make you feel safer?
Doesn't that make you happy?
Doesn't that make you ill?
Doesn't that make you uncomfortable?
Doesn't that make you want to quit?
Doesn't that mean anything to you?
Doesn't that mean anything?
Doesn't that name seem ironic to you: "Holy Army"?
Doesn't that prove anything?
Doesn't that prove something?
Doesn't that remind you of anything?
Doesn't that ring a bell?
Doesn't that scare you?
Doesn't that seem a little suspicious?
Doesn't that seem ironic to you?
Doesn't that seem strange to you?
Doesn't that seem unfair to you?
Doesn't that smell good?
Doesn't that smell great?
Doesn't that sort of get you?
Doesn't that sound familiar?
Doesn't that sound fantastic?
Doesn't that sound good?
Doesn't that sound great?
Doesn't that sound like a good idea?
Doesn't that sound like a lot of fun?
Doesn't that sound like fun?
Doesn't that sound like something Tom would do?
Doesn't that sound like something Tom would say?
Doesn't that sound nice?
Doesn't that sound romantic?
Doesn't that sound serious?
Doesn't that strike you as odd?
Doesn't that worry anyone?
Doesn't the adage say: "Since the villagers love their donkey, we must hurry to bring him food!"
Doesn't the city seem safer now?
Doesn't the girl on it look like she can't remember the right word for something?
Doesn't the isolation bother you?
Doesn't the smell of hairspray bother you? Because I can't stand it.
Doesn't the smell of lacquer bother you? Because I can't stand it.
Doesn't this couscous look delicious?
Doesn't this item have a number?
Doesn't this kid have parents?
Doesn't this look good?
Doesn't this part have a number?
Doesn't this prove that that isn't true?
Doesn't this prove that that's not true?
Doesn't this sound familiar?
Doesn't time fly?
Doesn't you feel a little out of place?
Doesn't your job start tomorrow?
Doesn't your sister know how to swim?
Doesn’t he just get on your nerves?
Doesn’t it bother you that your husband had sex with men?
Doesn’t it irritate you to see couples making out around town?
Doesn’t it look like a mirror?
Doesn’t she recognize me anymore? We went to school together.
Doesn’t the boy see the letter?
Doesn’t what’s-her-name have the same car?
Dog and cat breeding isn't natural selection.
Dog breeding is carried out for the sake of human needs and human aesthetics, and can thus be disadvantageous for the actual dogs.
Dog breeds were artificially created fairly recently, and are subject to all sorts of hereditary diseases.
Dog can be prepared in various different ways.
Dog chases cat, cat chases rat.
Dog food is dear.
Dog food is expensive.
Dog food is getting more expensive.
Dog is man's best friend.
Dog is man’s best friend.
Dog sledding is popular in Finland.
Dog sleds are pulled by sled dogs.
Dog walkers are also a common sight in this city.
Dog will not eat dog.
Dog-whistle politics were employed extensively by Richard Nixon as part of what became known as the Southern Strategy.
Doge will never die.
Dogecoin to the moon!
Doggonit!
Dogri is a tonal language, which makes it rare among Indo-European languages.
Dogri is chiefly spoken in Jammu, whereas Kashmiri is chiefly spoken in Kashmir.
Dogri speakers are known as the Dogras.
Dogs always find buried bones.
Dogs always find the bones they bury.
Dogs and cats are different.
Dogs and cats are similar in some ways.
Dogs and cats aren't friends.
Dogs and cats have a stronger sense of smell than humans, but a weaker sense of taste.
Dogs and cats have different personalities.
Dogs and wolves are close ancestors.
Dogs are a serious danger to traffic.
Dogs are afraid of snakes.
Dogs are animals.
Dogs are barking.
Dogs are believed to be descendants of wolves.
Dogs are better than most people.
Dogs are bigger than cats.
Dogs are descended from wolves.
Dogs are descendents of wolves.
Dogs are faithful animals.
Dogs are faithful.
Dogs are fascinating.
Dogs are forbidden.
Dogs are fun.
Dogs are funny, aren't they?
Dogs are funny.
Dogs are great swimmers.
Dogs are humanity's most loyal companions.
Dogs are intelligent.
Dogs are like that.
Dogs are loyal animals.
Dogs are loyal animals; as they say, dogs are man's best friend.
Dogs are loyal.
Dogs are man's best friend.
Dogs are man's best friends.
Dogs are man's closest friends.
Dogs are man’s closest friends.
Dogs are more loyal than cats.
Dogs are my favorite animal.
Dogs are needy.
Dogs are noble creatures.
Dogs are not allowed in his city.
Dogs are often called "Man's Best Friend."
Dogs are often hilarious.
Dogs are our best friends.
Dogs are permitted.
Dogs are predatory by nature.
Dogs are related to wolves.
Dogs are simple creatures.
Dogs are smart.
Dogs are smarter than we think.
Dogs are sometimes dangerous animals.
Dogs are territorial.
Dogs are the most loyal animals.
Dogs are the most loyal of animals.
Dogs are truly man's best friends.
Dogs are very light sleepers.
Dogs are very smart.
Dogs are white.
Dogs aren't allowed in my apartment building.
Dogs aren't allowed in this building.
Dogs aren't allowed in this hotel.
Dogs aren't allowed on the beach.
Dogs aren't people. First of all, remember that.
Dogs aren't very intelligent.
Dogs aren't very smart.
Dogs aren’t people. First of all, remember that.
Dogs bark a lot.
Dogs bark and birds tweet.
Dogs bark at strangers.
Dogs bark frequently, and sometimes howl.
Dogs bark when the caravan passes by.
Dogs bark.
Dogs bark. That's what dogs do.
Dogs barked behind the fence.
Dogs believe in us.
Dogs bitten by other dogs also bite.
Dogs breathe approximately 30 times a minute.
Dogs bred to have short muzzles often have breathing problems.
Dogs can become sick from chocolate.
Dogs can hear sounds at much higher frequencies than humans.
Dogs can see in the dark.
Dogs can see things we aren't able to see.
Dogs can swim.
Dogs can't climb up walls.
Dogs can't distinguish between colors.
Dogs can't distinguish colors.
Dogs can't distinguish colours.
Dogs can't play guitar.
Dogs can't play the guitar.
Dogs can't speak, but it appeared as if the eyes of the dog said, "No, I don't have a home."
Dogs can't talk, but it's almost as if the puppy's eyes said, "No, I don't have a home."
Dogs can't tell colors apart.
Dogs cannot vote yet. Perhaps in 300 years they will.
Dogs can’t distinguish between colors.
Dogs can’t talk, but it’s almost as if the puppy’s eyes said, "No, I don’t have a home."
Dogs can’t tell colors apart.
Dogs carry diseases.
Dogs chew on bones.
Dogs chew on things.
Dogs chew stuff.
Dogs come when they're called. Good guests come uninvited.
Dogs do all sorts of stuff.
Dogs dogs bite bite.
Dogs don't give birth to cats.
Dogs don't know any better.
Dogs don't like cats.
Dogs don't scare me.
Dogs don't try to catch mice.
Dogs eat Koreans.
Dogs hate cats.
Dogs have 39 pairs of chromosomes.
Dogs have a delicate sense of smell.
Dogs have a good sense of smell.
Dogs have a keen sense of smell.
Dogs have a much better hearing than humans.
Dogs have a remarkable nose.
Dogs have a remarkable sense of smell.
Dogs have a strong sense of smell.
Dogs have all the good qualities of people without at the same time possessing their weaknesses.
Dogs have all the noble qualities of humans, but none of their bad qualities.
Dogs have been domesticated for at least 40,000 years.
Dogs have excellent noses.
Dogs have long snouts.
Dogs have masters, cats have servants.
Dogs have masters. Cats have servants.
Dogs have masters. Cats have staff.
Dogs have much better hearing than humans.
Dogs have owners, but cats have staff.
Dogs have owners; cats, servers.
Dogs have remarkable noses.
Dogs have senses we don't have.
Dogs have very good noses.
Dogs know when their owners are sad.
Dogs like playing with other dogs.
Dogs like retrieving balls.
Dogs like squeaky toys.
Dogs like the autumn.
Dogs like to have their ears rubbed.
Dogs like to piss on fire hydrants.
Dogs love baths.
Dogs love bones.
Dogs love me.
Dogs love this brand.
Dogs mark their territories by urinating.
Dogs may be domesticated, but their pack instinct is still strong.
Dogs must be carried.
Dogs need love.
Dogs need training.
