I have never heard from him since.
I have never heard her say 'No'.
I have never heard her say no.
I have never heard her say ’No’.
I have never heard her sing.
I have never heard her song.
I have never heard him complain.
I have never heard him crying like this.
I have never heard him lie.
I have never heard him say no.
I have never heard him speak English.
I have never heard him speak ill of others.
I have never heard of Tatoeba.
I have never heard of anyone by the name.
I have never heard of him since then.
I have never heard of him since.
I have never heard of it.
I have never heard of this actor.
I have never heard such stories as he tells.
I have never heard that before.
I have never heard that girl say no.
I have never heard the Quran before.
I have never hit a woman.
I have never in my life spoken in Esperanto.
I have never killed anyone, but I have read some obituary notices with great satisfaction.
I have never killed nor injured anybody.
I have never kissed a girl before.
I have never kissed a guy before.
I have never known a girl like you before.
I have never known love.
I have never known my real parents.
I have never known someone as hypocritical as you.
I have never known the string snap on me.
I have never laughed so hard in my life.
I have never left Algeria.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
I have never let you down.
I have never liked Tom.
I have never liked her and I never will.
I have never liked this movie.
I have never loved anyone but Mary.
I have never loved anyone but Tom.
I have never loved anyone but you.
I have never loved you.
I have never loved you. You disgust me.
I have never made a mistake.
I have never made my sexual orientation public.
I have never meant to hurt you.
I have never met Maria.
I have never met Mary.
I have never met a Muslim.
I have never met a more sinful man.
I have never met a more sinful person.
I have never met a more sinful woman.
I have never met a person like him.
I have never met a woman like you before.
I have never met my children.
I have never met you in person.
I have never missed you.
I have never observed all of this so precisely.
I have never ordered you around.
I have never played an online game.
I have never played cricket.
I have never promised Tom anything.
I have never read "War and Peace" either.
I have never read a Berber book.
I have never read a book like the Quran.
I have never read such a scary novel.
I have never read that book.
I have never regretted this trip.
I have never said it would be easy.
I have never said it.
I have never said such things.
I have never said that.
I have never seen Socrates ever do wrong.
I have never seen Tom so happy.
I have never seen Yanni with his son. Never.
I have never seen a blue fridge.
I have never seen a compelling argument for religion. If I ever saw one I'd convert.
I have never seen a crocodile before.
I have never seen a crocodile in all my life.
I have never seen a girl more beautiful than you.
I have never seen a lion in front of my eyes.
I have never seen a man as handsome as him!
I have never seen a mountain like that!
I have never seen a pink fridge.
I have never seen a red fridge.
I have never seen a red refrigerator.
I have never seen a rosemary plant.
I have never seen a rugby match as exciting as yesterday's match.
I have never seen a star as bright as that one.
I have never seen a talking dog.
I have never seen a wildcat in Algeria.
I have never seen an animal as tame as a turtle.
I have never seen any reason to be frightened of the dark.
I have never seen any red fridge.
I have never seen anyone like her.
I have never seen anyone like him.
I have never seen anyone like you.
I have never seen anyone who could solve that problem without help.
I have never seen anyone who knows so much about ancient history.
I have never seen anything like it.
I have never seen anything like it: two little discs of glass suspended in front of his eyes in loops of wire.
I have never seen anything like that before!
I have never seen anything quite like this.
I have never seen anything so beautiful.
I have never seen her help her father.
I have never seen her wear jeans.
I have never seen him.
I have never seen my children.
I have never seen my father cry.
I have never seen my mother complain.
I have never seen park rangers here.
I have never seen such a beautiful girl.
I have never seen such a big whale.
I have never seen such a match.
I have never seen such a mysterious book.
I have never seen such a thing.
I have never seen such beautiful hair.
I have never seen such beauty.
I have never seen such magnificent landscapes. I hope with all my heart that in the sky we can paint.
I have never seen the same rainbow photographed by this many people.
I have never seen them anywhere.
I have never seen this person in my life.
I have never seen this picture on the net.
I have never seen what she looks like wearing a skirt.
I have never seen you with Tom.
I have never signed a social contract.
I have never skipped a class.
I have never slept with her.
I have never slipped on a banana peel.
I have never smoked a cigarette in my life.
I have never smoked.
I have never spoken Berber.
I have never spoken Esperanto in my life.
I have never stolen anything in my life!
I have never stopped loving you.
I have never sung, and never will sing, in a karaoke bar.
I have never taken Tom too seriously.
I have never thought about becoming a teacher.
I have never thought about translating a book.
I have never thought of that.
I have never touched a giraffe before.
I have never translated a book.
I have never travelled by plane.
I have never travelled in an airplane.
I have never tried to translate a book.
I have never understood correctly what electrodes are.
I have never voted for the left-wing politics in France and I'm not going to start now.
I have never voted for the left-wing politics in France and I’m not going to start now.
I have never woken up so early in the morning.
I have never won any kind of prize.
I have never worn a dinner jacket.
I have never worn a tuxedo.
I have never written a play.
I have new messages for you.
I have news about Tom.
I have news about her.
I have news about him.
I have news about them.
I have news for you.
I have news! Melissa is pregnant.
I have news.
I have news. I'm pregnant.
I have nice hair.
I have nightmares at night.
I have nightmares every night. I wonder why.
I have nightmares.
I have nine lives.
I have no accountant.
I have no acquaintance with court procedure.
I have no affection for Tom.
I have no affiliation with your university.
I have no alibi.
I have no allergies.
I have no alternative other than this.
I have no alternative.
I have no alternatives.
I have no ambition to outshine him or any other erudite.
I have no ambition to start a theory nor to promulgate a doctrine; above all things I have no desire to provoke an argument.
I have no anger after what you said.
I have no answer for that.
I have no appetite at all this summer.
I have no appetite for fish nor for meat.
I have no appetite.
I have no aptitude for that.
I have no artistic talent at all.
I have no artistic talent, so there's no way I can accurately depict the scenery.
I have no authority to do that.
I have no authority to veto it.
I have no backup plan.
I have no balance.
I have no beef with Tom.
I have no beef with him.
I have no books to read.
I have no books.
I have no business making demands and you have every right to simply disregard all this rubbish I've written and send me whatever you bloody well please.
I have no car.
I have no cash so I have to pay by card.
I have no cell phone, no showy photos, no funny personality. Just medicaments.
I have no chance to win.
I have no children.
I have no choice at all.
I have no choice but to accept what they offer me.
I have no choice but to accept your proposals.
I have no choice but to defend myself.
I have no choice but to do everything they've told me to do.
I have no choice but to do that.
I have no choice but to do what Tom asked me to do.
I have no choice but to eat what they serve me.
I have no choice but to fight.
I have no choice but to follow those orders.
I have no choice but to go.
I have no choice but to invite her.
I have no choice but to invite him.
I have no choice but to invite them.
I have no choice but to kill.
I have no choice but to leave.
I have no choice but to sell my car.
I have no choice but to take the red-eye back to New York.
I have no choice but to try doing that.
I have no choice except going by air.
I have no choice in this.
I have no choice.
I have no clear idea of what I want from life.
I have no clothes to go to the party.
I have no clue how to solve this problem.
I have no clue what I did.
I have no clue what I'm doing.
I have no clue what Tom is talking about.
I have no clue what you could possibly want.
I have no clue what you're going to do.
I have no clue what you're talking about.
I have no clue who you are.
I have no clue.
I have no colonial masters.
I have no comment at this time.
I have no comment yet.
I have no comment.
I have no complaints about the service.
I have no complaints.
I have no complaints. As far as I'm concerned, everything is just perfect.
I have no computer.
I have no confidence in you.
I have no confidence this attack on Gaza is going to eliminate Hamas, but it will certainly continue to kill a lot of Palestinians.
I have no connection the matter.
I have no connection to the matter.
I have no control over it.
I have no control over that.
I have no control over what happens.
I have no control over what you do.
I have no control.
I have no courage left.
I have no cousins.
I have no debt.
I have no defects.
I have no definite plans.
I have no desire to argue with you.
I have no desire to dance.
I have no desire to do something if it means getting my hands dirty.
I have no desire to do that again.
I have no desire to do that anymore.
I have no desire to do that now.
I have no desire to do that right now.
I have no desire to do that.
I have no desire to get back to work.
I have no desire to get my hair cut shorter.
I have no desire to get up today.
I have no desire to go back to work.
I have no desire to go there.
I have no desire to hurt you.
I have no desire to kiss Tom.
I have no desire to learn French.
I have no desire to live in Australia.
I have no desire to live in Boston.
I have no desire to live.
I have no desire to stay here.
I have no desire to study.
I have no desire to talk to Tom.
I have no desire to try.
I have no desire to understand what goes on in your head.
I have no desire to.
I have no details.
I have no difficulty finding people who disagree with you.
I have no doubt English is the most common language in the world.
I have no doubt Tom will do that.
I have no doubt Tom will succeed.
I have no doubt Tom would be a good addition to our team.
I have no doubt about it.
I have no doubt about that.
I have no doubt about the depth of his feelings.
I have no doubt as to his sincerity.
I have no doubt in my mind Tom will show up at the auction.
I have no doubt in my mind that Tom will show up at the auction.
I have no doubt in my mind that you're the woman I'm going to marry.
I have no doubt in my mind you are the woman I'm going to marry.
I have no doubt in my mind you are the woman I’m going to marry.
I have no doubt in my mind you're the woman I'm going to marry.
I have no doubt that Tom will do that.
I have no doubt that Tom will succeed.
I have no doubt that Tom would be a good addition to our team.
I have no doubt that he will succeed.
I have no doubt that it is a part of the destiny of the human race, in its gradual improvement, to leave off eating animals, as surely as the savage tribes have left off eating each other when they came in contact with the more civilized.
I have no doubt that she loves you.
I have no doubt that that'll happen.
I have no doubt that the event will be a success.
I have no doubt that this woman had plunged him over head and ears in debt, and so led him into this miserable plot.
I have no doubt that you disagree.
I have no doubt that'll happen.
I have no doubt.
I have no doubts about Endre's professional expertise, but nonetheless, he's quite arrogant.
I have no doubts about Tom's sincerity.
I have no doubts about myself.
I have no doubts at all.
I have no doubts.
I have no ear for music.
I have no ego.
I have no energy left.
I have no energy today.
I have no energy.
I have no equal.
I have no evidence that God made man, but I do know that men make gods all the time.
I have no evidence.
I have no excuse.
I have no experience doing that.
I have no experience with computers.
I have no experience with the mass medias.
I have no experience, but I'm a fast learner.
I have no experience.
I have no explanation about it.
I have no explanation about that.
I have no explanation.
I have no face to turn to.
I have no faith in Tom.
I have no faith in a higher truth.
I have no faith in a silly superstition.
I have no faith in any deity.
I have no faith in faith.
I have no faith in her ability to correct the situation.
I have no faith in her.
I have no faith in him.
I have no faith in his ability to correct the situation.
I have no faith in their ability to correct the situation.
I have no faith in your ability to correct the situation.
I have no family to provide for.
I have no family to rely on.
I have no family.
I have no fault to find with him.
I have no faults.
I have no fear in expressing what I observed.
I have no fear of flying.
I have no feeling in my left leg.
I have no feelings.
I have no fever, but my throat hurts me. I can’t either freery breathe.
I have no fever, but my throat hurts. I can't breathe freely, either.
I have no fever.
I have no flocks left to tend, so here will I lie, till death take me, or other enemies come to carry me away.
I have no food in my house.
I have no food.
I have no free time.
I have no friend to talk with.
I have no friend with whom to talk about it.
I have no friends at all.
I have no friends here.
I have no friends in Kabylie.
I have no friends on Facebook.
I have no friends supporting me.
I have no friends to help me.
I have no friends to play with.
I have no friends to whom I could speak about such matters.
I have no friends who are willing to help me do that.
I have no friends.
I have no funds in the bank.
I have no further questions.
I have no future.
I have no good way to tell you this, but a horrendous tragedy, which is going to affect the whole course of our future lives, took place about half an hour ago on the southern part of Route 4.
I have no good way to tell you this, but a terrible tragedy, which will affect the entire course of our future lives, occurred about half an hour ago on the southern part of Route 4.
I have no grandchildren.
I have no great belief in my doctor.
I have no great love for him.
I have no great love for you.
I have no grudge towards her.
I have no grudge towards him.
I have no hair on my head.
I have no hair.
I have no health insurance.
I have no heart.
I have no hesitation in telling the truth.
I have no home to live in.
I have no home to return to.
I have no home.
I have no homework today.
I have no honour.
I have no hope for Tom.
I have no hope left.
I have no hope.
I have no hopes.
I have no horse in this race.
I have no horse.
I have no idea how I did it.
I have no idea how I got here.
I have no idea how I hurt my foot.
I have no idea how I twisted my foot.
I have no idea how Tom and Mary were able to do that.
I have no idea how Tom broke that glass.
I have no idea how Tom came to Boston.
I have no idea how Tom did that.
I have no idea how Tom managed to do that.
I have no idea how Tom must feel.
I have no idea how Tom was able to do that.
I have no idea how Tom was able to win.
I have no idea how expensive this is going to be, but I know it won't cost very much.
I have no idea how expensive this is going to be, but I know it's going to cost us a lot.
I have no idea how he escaped.
I have no idea how he got access to an admin account.
I have no idea how he made all that money.
I have no idea how it works.
I have no idea how long I was unconscious.
I have no idea how long I'll be in hospital.
I have no idea how long I'll be in the hospital.
I have no idea how long it will take.
I have no idea how long it'll take.
I have no idea how many cousins Tom has.
I have no idea how many people will be at the picnic.
I have no idea how many skunks live in this area.
I have no idea how much it costs.
I have no idea how much money Tom spent today.
I have no idea how much they are paying for that.
I have no idea how old he is.
I have no idea how self-employed people figure out how to pay taxes.
I have no idea how that happened.
I have no idea how they did it.
I have no idea how this happened.
I have no idea how this thing works.
I have no idea how this works.
I have no idea how to add tags on Tatoeba.
I have no idea how to deal with my daughter.
I have no idea how to do deal with my daughter.
I have no idea how to do that.
I have no idea how to do this.
I have no idea how to get money.
I have no idea how to handle this problem.
I have no idea how to help you.
I have no idea how to use this computer.
I have no idea how to use this thing.
I have no idea how to use this.
I have no idea how we'll do that.
I have no idea how we’ll get on here after she leaves.
I have no idea if I can do that or not.
I have no idea if it'll work or not.
I have no idea if you're being sarcastic or not, or whether you were joking or trying to make a point.
I have no idea of how I did it.
I have no idea of how to send a fax.
I have no idea of letting the house.
I have no idea of what I want to become.
I have no idea of what it is like.
I have no idea of what to do.
I have no idea of what to expect.
I have no idea of what's going on in there.
I have no idea to what extent I can trust them.
I have no idea what Berber sounds like.
I have no idea what I am doing.
I have no idea what I have to do.
I have no idea what I need to do now.
I have no idea what I need to do.
I have no idea what I ought to do.
I have no idea what I should be doing.
I have no idea what I should do.
I have no idea what I should say.
I have no idea what I'm doing here.
I have no idea what I'm doing with my life.
I have no idea what I'm doing.
I have no idea what I'm going to do now.
I have no idea what I'm going to do.
I have no idea what I'm going to wear.
I have no idea what I'm looking for.
I have no idea what I'm supposed to be doing here.
I have no idea what I'm supposed to be doing.
I have no idea what I'm supposed to do.
I have no idea what I'm talking about.
I have no idea what I'm up against.
I have no idea what Tom and Mary are planning to do.
I have no idea what Tom and Mary are thinking.
I have no idea what Tom and Mary want.
I have no idea what Tom and Mary were looking for.
I have no idea what Tom and Mary were talking about.
I have no idea what Tom ate for breakfast.
I have no idea what Tom did last night.
I have no idea what Tom does for a living.
I have no idea what Tom has to do.
I have no idea what Tom intends to do.
I have no idea what Tom is doing.
I have no idea what Tom is going to buy.
I have no idea what Tom is going to say.
I have no idea what Tom is planning to do.
I have no idea what Tom is planning to give Mary for her birthday.
I have no idea what Tom is talking about.
I have no idea what Tom is thinking.
I have no idea what Tom looks like.
I have no idea what Tom meant by that.
I have no idea what Tom might do.
I have no idea what Tom needs to do.
I have no idea what Tom plans to do.
I have no idea what Tom really wants.
I have no idea what Tom said to Mary.
I have no idea what Tom said.
I have no idea what Tom wants me to do.
I have no idea what Tom wants to do in life, supposing he wants to do something.
I have no idea what Tom wants to do.
I have no idea what Tom wants.
I have no idea what Tom was doing last night.
I have no idea what Tom was looking for.
I have no idea what Tom was talking about.
I have no idea what Tom will do.
I have no idea what Tom will say.
I have no idea what Tom would be capable of doing.
I have no idea what Tom's dog looks like.
I have no idea what Tom's father's name is.
I have no idea what Tom's house looks like.
I have no idea what Tom's last name is.
I have no idea what Tom's parents do.
I have no idea what Tom's plan is.
I have no idea what Tom's plans are.
I have no idea what Tom's problem is.
I have no idea what Tom's talking about.
I have no idea what Ziri's intentions with us were.
I have no idea what complexity science is.
I have no idea what death is like.
I have no idea what either one of you is saying.
I have no idea what else I could say.
I have no idea what happened in that basement.
I have no idea what happened to Tom.
I have no idea what happened.
I have no idea what has become of her since.
I have no idea what has happened here.
I have no idea what has to be done.
I have no idea what he does.
I have no idea what he has in mind, rejecting such a favorable proposal.
I have no idea what he's talking about.
I have no idea what it is.
I have no idea what it means.
I have no idea what it might be.
I have no idea what it might mean.
I have no idea what kind of car Tom drives.
I have no idea what needs to be done.
I have no idea what should be done.
I have no idea what that could be.
I have no idea what that guy is thinking.
I have no idea what that is.
I have no idea what that means.
I have no idea what that might be.
I have no idea what that road sign means.
I have no idea what that was.
I have no idea what the future holds for me.
I have no idea what the plans are.
I have no idea what the reason is.
I have no idea what the weather will be like tomorrow.
I have no idea what their plans are.
I have no idea what they're talking about.
I have no idea what this is about.
I have no idea what this is.
I have no idea what this means.
I have no idea what this sentence could possibly mean.
I have no idea what this sentence means.
I have no idea what time it is.
I have no idea what to do next.
I have no idea what to do now.
I have no idea what to do with this.
I have no idea what to do.
I have no idea what to expect.
I have no idea what to get Tom for his birthday.
I have no idea what to say to Tom.
I have no idea what to say.
I have no idea what to wear.
I have no idea what was said.
I have no idea what we are doing in our math class.
I have no idea what we are going to do tomorrow.
I have no idea what we call it here.
I have no idea what we should be doing right now.
I have no idea what we will do tomorrow.
I have no idea what we're supposed to be doing now.
I have no idea what we're supposed to be doing.
I have no idea what we're supposed to do right now.
I have no idea what we're supposed to do.
I have no idea what will happen.
I have no idea what would make our dog behave like that.
I have no idea what you are saying.
I have no idea what you are trying to say.
I have no idea what you could possibly want.
I have no idea what you mean.
I have no idea what you're referring to.
I have no idea what you're saying.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I have no idea what you're trying to say.
I have no idea what you're trying to tell me.
I have no idea what'll happen tomorrow.
I have no idea what'll happen.
I have no idea what's causing these problems.
I have no idea what's going on here.
I have no idea what's going on there.
I have no idea what's going on.
I have no idea what's going to happen.
I have no idea what's happening.
I have no idea when I have to do that.
I have no idea when I need to do that.
I have no idea when I'll do that.
I have no idea when I'm supposed to do that.
I have no idea when Tom did that.
I have no idea when Tom has to do that.
I have no idea when Tom intends to do that.
I have no idea when Tom is going to do that.
I have no idea when Tom is planning to do that.
I have no idea when Tom learned how to do that.
I have no idea when Tom need to do that.
I have no idea when Tom needs to do that.
I have no idea when Tom wants me to do that.
I have no idea when Tom wants to do that.
I have no idea when Tom will arrive.
I have no idea when Tom will be back.
I have no idea when Tom will do that.
I have no idea when that'll happen.
I have no idea where I am.
I have no idea where I left my keys.
I have no idea where I was born.
I have no idea where I'll find the money to pay my bills.
I have no idea where Mary lives.
I have no idea where Tom actually hid the money.
I have no idea where Tom and Mary are now.
I have no idea where Tom and Mary are.
I have no idea where Tom and Mary live.
I have no idea where Tom and Mary were last night.
I have no idea where Tom and Mary work.
I have no idea where Tom bought this cello.
I have no idea where Tom did that.
I have no idea where Tom does that.
I have no idea where Tom goes to school.
I have no idea where Tom has gone.
I have no idea where Tom hid the key.
I have no idea where Tom hid the money.
I have no idea where Tom is now.
I have no idea where Tom is right now.
I have no idea where Tom is.
I have no idea where Tom keeps his passport.
I have no idea where Tom learned how to do that.
I have no idea where Tom lived when he was a kid.
I have no idea where Tom lives.
I have no idea where Tom might be now.
I have no idea where Tom might be.
I have no idea where Tom parked his car.
I have no idea where Tom put his umbrella.
I have no idea where Tom wants to do that.
I have no idea where Tom was last night.
I have no idea where Tom went to school.
I have no idea where Tom went.
I have no idea where Tom works.
I have no idea where Tom's keys are.
I have no idea where he can be.
I have no idea where he has been going.
I have no idea where he has gone.
I have no idea where he is at present.
I have no idea where he is now.
I have no idea where he lives.
I have no idea where he went.
I have no idea where my brother-in-law is.
I have no idea where my children are.
I have no idea where my parents are.
I have no idea where she can be.
I have no idea where she is now.
I have no idea where she lives.
I have no idea where the event will be.
I have no idea where the others are.
I have no idea where to go.
I have no idea where we are or where we're going.
I have no idea where we are.
I have no idea where we're supposed to be.
I have no idea where you might find Tom.
I have no idea whether Tom will come or not.
I have no idea whether or not Tom will come.
I have no idea which Berber dictionary I have to buy.
I have no idea which direction to go.
I have no idea who Tom and Mary are.
I have no idea who Tom gave his old violin to.
I have no idea who Tom is with right now.
I have no idea who Tom is.
I have no idea who Tom learned how to do that from.
I have no idea who Tom's wife is.
I have no idea who could have said that.
I have no idea who did that.
I have no idea who has to do that.
I have no idea who has your car right now.
I have no idea who he is.
I have no idea who her uncle is.
I have no idea who it was.
I have no idea who might've broken the window.
I have no idea who might've done it.
I have no idea who might've done that.
I have no idea who might've stolen your bicycle.
I have no idea who needs to do that.
I have no idea who she is.
I have no idea who taught Tom how to do that.
I have no idea who that is either.
I have no idea who that is.
I have no idea who that man is.
I have no idea who that man was.
I have no idea who that woman is.
I have no idea who this guy is.
I have no idea who those people are.
I have no idea who took your suitcase.
I have no idea who wants to do that.
I have no idea who you are.
I have no idea who you're talking about.
I have no idea who'll be at the meeting.
I have no idea why I did it.
I have no idea why I was chosen.
I have no idea why Tom and Mary aren't here.
I have no idea why Tom and Mary enjoy swimming so much.
I have no idea why Tom and Mary haven't done that.
I have no idea why Tom and Mary were fired.
I have no idea why Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
I have no idea why Tom and Mary weren't here yesterday.
I have no idea why Tom did it.
I have no idea why Tom did that.
I have no idea why Tom did what he did.
I have no idea why Tom didn't do that.
I have no idea why Tom didn't want to do that.
I have no idea why Tom didn't win.
I have no idea why Tom doesn't want to go to Mary's party.
I have no idea why Tom enjoys swimming so much.
I have no idea why Tom had to do that.
I have no idea why Tom hasn't done that.
I have no idea why Tom isn't here.
I have no idea why Tom likes Boston so much.
I have no idea why Tom needed to do that.
I have no idea why Tom quit his job suddenly.
I have no idea why Tom quit his job.
I have no idea why Tom suddenly quit his job.
I have no idea why Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I have no idea why Tom wanted Mary to stop doing that.
I have no idea why Tom wanted me to do that.
I have no idea why Tom wanted me to stop doing that.
I have no idea why Tom wanted to do that.
I have no idea why Tom was fired.
I have no idea why Tom was supposed to do that.
I have no idea why Tom wasn't here yesterday.
I have no idea why Tom wished to do that.
I have no idea why he did that.
I have no idea why he did what he did.
I have no idea why he quit his job suddenly.
I have no idea why he quit his job.
I have no idea why he was there.
I have no idea why it is so.
I have no idea why my wife left me.
I have no idea why she got so angry.
I have no idea why she's making that face.
I have no idea why that happened.
I have no idea why the king kept them around.
I have no idea why those two are fighting with each other.
I have no idea why you want to part with that.
I have no idea why.
I have no idea!
I have no idea, I'm not so well up on that kind of matters. You'd better ask that gentleman over there.
I have no idea, I’m not so well up on that kind of matters. You’d better ask that gentleman over there.
I have no idea.
I have no idea. That's why I am asking.
I have no idea. That's why I'm asking.
I have no illusions about that.
I have no illusions about you.
I have no images of my younger self.
I have no imagination.
I have no influence on Tom in this regard.
I have no information on Tom.
I have no information on her.
I have no information on him.
I have no information on them.
I have no information she is coming.
I have no inspiration.
I have no insurance.
I have no intention in arguing about your theory.
I have no intention of answering that question.
I have no intention of apologizing to Tom.
I have no intention of apologizing.
I have no intention of arguing with you about this.
I have no intention of asking him.
I have no intention of changing.
I have no intention of cheating. What's the point?
I have no intention of continuing to associate with scoundrels like you.
I have no intention of dancing.
I have no intention of dating her.
I have no intention of discussing this further.
I have no intention of doing that now.
I have no intention of doing that today.
I have no intention of doing that.
I have no intention of ever coming back here again.
I have no intention of ever doing that.
I have no intention of financing such an initiative.
I have no intention of fishing in troubled waters.
I have no intention of getting involved in that matter.
I have no intention of getting married.
I have no intention of getting wet.
I have no intention of giving Tom any money.
I have no intention of going there by myself.
I have no intention of going to the party with you.
I have no intention of going to your wedding.
I have no intention of hurting you, what reason would I have?
I have no intention of insulting or provoking anybody.
I have no intention of lending this watch to anyone, much less parting with it.
I have no intention of letting you do that.
I have no intention of meddling in your affairs.
I have no intention of objecting to your method.
I have no intention of reading this book.
I have no intention of rebuilding.
I have no intention of resigning.
I have no intention of retiring anytime soon.
I have no intention of retiring. I'm still young.
I have no intention of seeing him.
I have no intention of selling it.
I have no intention of sharing my ice cream with you.
I have no intention of staying here in Australia.
I have no intention of staying here in Boston.
I have no intention of staying.
I have no intention of taking this substance tonight.
I have no intention of telling her.
I have no intention of telling him.
I have no intention of telling you the result.
I have no intention of voting for Tom.
I have no intention to act so.
I have no intention to let you get away with it.
I have no intention whatever of disturbing you.
I have no intention whatever of resigning.
I have no intentions of doing that.
I have no interest in dancing.
I have no interest in doing that.
I have no interest in doing this anymore.
I have no interest in fashion.
I have no interest in fighting with anyone; life is too short. But I will defend myself and my communities if need be.
I have no interest in going fishing with you.
I have no interest in going to the match.
I have no interest in his private life.
I have no interest in investing my money in this project.
I have no interest in lying.
I have no interest in money.
I have no interest in ordinary people.
I have no interest in politics.
I have no interest in putting my money into your dreams.
I have no interest in that.
I have no interest whatsoever in eating English food.
I have no interest whatsoever in reading her biography.
I have no interest whatsoever in reading his biography.
I have no interest.
I have no issue with that.
I have no jewels to sell.
I have no job, so I can never save money.
I have no kids.
I have no knife to cut with.
I have no knowledge about their plans.
I have no knowledge of that question.
I have no knowledge of these topics.
I have no leisure for reading.
I have no leisure for sport.
I have no leisure to study.
I have no less than four brothers.
I have no less than one thousand records.
I have no less than ten books.
I have no lessons tomorrow.
I have no life, but hard labor.
I have no likes and dislikes about food.
I have no liking for such birds.
I have no living relatives.
I have no long-term employment.
I have no love for Tom.
I have no love for any billionaire, but the right's antisemitic lies about George Soros are attacks on Jews generally and Holocaust survivors specifically.
I have no luck.
I have no matches because I don't smoke.
I have no means to get there tomorrow.
I have no memory of doing that.
I have no memory of that.
I have no memory of the accident.
I have no memory of what happened.
I have no memory of you.
I have no mercy.
I have no mind to go for a walk.
I have no money at all.
I have no money either.
I have no money for the ticket.
I have no money for the time being.
I have no money in my pocket.
I have no money left.
I have no money on me.
I have no money to buy it.
I have no money to buy the book with.
I have no money to buy the dictionary with.
I have no money to buy the dictionary.
I have no money to buy this dictionary.
I have no money to pay for the bus.
I have no money today.
I have no money with me now.
I have no money with me.
I have no money, but I have dreams.
I have no money, so I eat only pasta.
I have no money.
I have no more desire to eat sweets.
I have no more energy for this kind of life.
I have no more ideas.
I have no more money in my wallet.
I have no more patience.
I have no more room for new books.
I have no more secrets.
I have no more than 1,000 yen with me.
I have no more than five dollars.
I have no more than one hundred yen with me.
I have no more than one thousand yen.
I have no more than ten English books.
I have no more than ten English textbooks.
I have no more than ten books.
I have no more than three thousand yen.
I have no more time to talk with you.
I have no more to say.
I have no musical talent and neither does Tom.
I have no name yet.
I have no name.
I have no native language.
I have no need for that.
I have no need for this.
I have no need to lie to Tom.
I have no neighbors.
I have no neighbours.
I have no nickname.
I have no objection to Tom doing that.
I have no objection to Tom going to Australia with Mary.
I have no objection to Tom going to Boston with Mary.
I have no objection to against your plan.
I have no objection to asking Tom to do that for us.
I have no objection to doing that.
I have no objection to paying a special fee if it is necessary.
I have no objection to that.
I have no objection to the boy reading a book.
I have no objection to what you want to do.
I have no objection to you doing that.
I have no objection to your calling in your friend if I may call in mine.
I have no objection to your decision to go to Vladivostok, as long as you don't ask me for money.
I have no objection to your doing that with Tom.
I have no objection to your doing that.
I have no objection to your going to the dance with Tom.
I have no objection to your opinion.
I have no objection to your plan.
I have no objection, but I'm not in favor of it, either.
I have no objection.
I have no objections to doing that.
I have no objections to your doing that.
I have no objections.
I have no obligation here.
I have no one I can practise English with.
I have no one but you.
I have no one else to talk to.
I have no one else to turn to but you.
I have no one else to turn to except you.
I have no one else to turn to.
I have no one to blame but myself.
I have no one to confide in.
I have no one to go to for advice.
I have no one to help me.
I have no one to leave Tom with.
I have no one to leave my money to.
I have no one to play with.
I have no one to practice my English with.
I have no one to practise English with.
I have no one to practise Norwegian with.
I have no one to save me.
I have no one to say goodbye to.
I have no one to speak the language with.
I have no one to take care of me.
I have no one to talk about my problems with.
I have no one to talk to.
I have no one to turn to except you.
I have no one to turn to for advice.
I have no one to turn to.
I have no one with me at table, and my own thoughts must be my Christmas guests.
I have no one with whom I can practise English.
I have no one with whom I can practise Norwegian.
I have no one with whom to practise Norwegian.
I have no one with whom to speak the language.
I have no opinion about that whatsoever.
I have no opinion on that matter.
I have no opinion on that.
I have no opinion on this topic.
I have no opinion on this.
I have no opinion whatsoever about that.
I have no opponents.
I have no option but to fire you.
I have no options left.
I have no other arguments. You won.
I have no other books.
I have no other choice.
I have no other details.
I have no other emotional support, save him.
I have no other friend than you.
I have no other option.
I have no other secrets.
I have no other security in life but you.
I have no other true friend than you.
I have no other way to get out of this misfortune.
I have no other.
I have no pain in particular.
I have no pain, which is good.
I have no papers with me.
I have no particular desire to discuss that matter.
I have no particular reason to do so.
I have no particular talent.
I have no patience for amateurs.
I have no patience for children.
I have no patience for old men who pout.
I have no patience for screw-ups.
I have no patience for swindlers.
I have no patience with those who say that sexual excitement is shameful and that venereal stimuli have their origin not in nature, but in sin. Nothing is so far from the truth.
I have no patience, quick to anger, feel lost, lonely, ugly and old.
I have no patience.
I have no pen to write my letter with.
I have no pen.
I have no pencil to write with.
I have no permanent address.
I have no permanent residence.
I have no personal agenda.
I have no personal hostility to the system.
I have no pity at all.
I have no place that I can say I'm from.
I have no place to go apart from this one.
I have no place to go.
I have no place to keep my things.
I have no place to sleep tonight.
I have no place to sleep.
I have no place to stay.
I have no plans at all.
I have no plans at this point.
I have no plans for Monday.
I have no plans for today.
I have no plans for tomorrow.
I have no plans for tonight.
I have no plans to buy one.
I have no plans to do that anytime soon.
I have no plans to do that.
I have no plans to go there.
I have no plans to go.
I have no plans to leave my job.
I have no plans to visit Australia.
I have no plans to visit Boston.
I have no plans whatever.
I have no plans whatsoever.
I have no plans.
I have no playmates.
I have no power.
I have no practical reason for learning this language.
I have no practical reason to learn that language.
I have no prejudice.
I have no prior knowledge of him.
I have no privacy.
I have no problem at all communicating with Berber speakers from Morocco.
I have no problem being who I am.
I have no problem delegating authority.
I have no problem holding your feet to the fire on this. You need to shape up.
I have no problem letting others help.
I have no problem making money.
I have no problem sharing my room with you.
I have no problem sleeping.
I have no problem understanding your French.
I have no problem with Tom.
I have no problem with an untidy house, but could not accept that it might be dirty.
I have no problem with my boss.
I have no problem with my short-term memory.
I have no problem with that.
I have no problem with this.
I have no problem with you.
I have no problem.
I have no proof of that.
I have no proof to the contrary.
I have no proof.
I have no qualms about speaking my mind in any life situation.
I have no quarrel with Tom.
I have no quarrel with anyone here.
I have no quarrel with her.
I have no quarrel with him.
I have no quarrel with that.
I have no quarrel with them.
I have no quarrel with you, and desire to have none.
I have no quarrel with you.
I have no quarry with you.
I have no questions.
I have no real choice.
I have no real intent.
I have no real reason to learn that language.
I have no reason not to do so.
I have no reason not to do that.
I have no reason not to do what Tom asked me to do.
I have no reason not to trust Tom.
I have no reason not to trust her.
I have no reason not to trust him.
I have no reason to be angry with you.
I have no reason to be angry.
I have no reason to be jealous.
I have no reason to believe Tom and Mary are lying.
I have no reason to believe Tom is lying.
I have no reason to believe Tom won't do what I asked him to do.
I have no reason to believe that Mary won't do what I asked her to do.
I have no reason to believe that Tom and Mary won't do what I asked them to do.
I have no reason to believe that Tom is lying.
I have no reason to believe that Tom won't do what I asked him to do.
I have no reason to believe that Tom won’t do what I asked him to do.
I have no reason to blame old age.
I have no reason to chatter.
I have no reason to cook it.
I have no reason to do that.
I have no reason to doubt that.
I have no reason to hear it.
I have no reason to learn that language.
I have no reason to lie about this.
I have no reason to lie to Tom.
I have no reason to lie to her.
I have no reason to lie to him.
I have no reason to lie to them.
I have no reason to lie to you.
I have no reason to lie.
I have no reason to resign.
I have no reason to stay.
I have no reason to study it.
I have no reason to think that what Tom said isn't true.
I have no reason to think what Tom said isn't true.
I have no reason to worry.
I have no reasons to believe it.
I have no recollection of doing that.
I have no recollection of ever lying to you.
I have no recollection of how I got there.
I have no recollection of it.
I have no recollection of seeing the man.
I have no recollection of that event.
I have no recollection.
I have no regrets about my choices.
I have no regrets about retiring.
I have no regrets about what I did.
I have no regrets and would do it again.
I have no regrets at all.
I have no regrets for what I have done.
I have no regrets for what I've done.
I have no regrets whatsoever.
I have no regrets.
I have no religion.
I have no remembrance of it now.
I have no remorse for leaving the homeland.
I have no remorse.
I have no respect for Tom.
I have no respect for a person who calls for the disintegration of our beloved Algeria.
I have no respect for a person who calls for the division of our beloved Algeria.
I have no respect for political extremists that insult people in public and send them threatening messages.
I have no respect for traitors.
I have no response to that.
I have no right over you.
I have no right to invade someone else's life.
I have no right to judge you.
I have no rival.
I have no room to study in.
I have no savings.
I have no secrets from Tom.
I have no secrets from you.
I have no self-esteem.
I have no sense of direction so I always travel with a compass.
I have no sexual desire.
I have no shield.
I have no shortage of dictionaries.
I have no siblings.
I have no sister.
I have no sisters.
I have no small change about me.
I have no small change on me.
I have no social skills.
I have no son.
I have no soul.
I have no special skill.
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.
I have no statistics.
I have no stomach for these things.
I have no strength left.
I have no strength to lift this stone.
I have no strength.
I have no strong feelings one way or the other.
I have no strong opinion about the matter, so whatever the majority thinks is good is OK with me.
I have no such desire.
I have no such thing.
I have no sympathy for Tom.
I have no sympathy for smokers.
I have no table.
I have no talent for chemistry.
I have no talent for politics.
I have no talent.
I have no teeth left.
I have no thought of seeing her now.
I have no ties to Tom.
I have no time even for reading.
I have no time for a single thing.
I have no time for anything.
I have no time for fun.
I have no time for games.
I have no time for my hobbies.
I have no time for reading.
I have no time for that now.
I have no time for that, and besides, I don't have any money.
I have no time for that, and besides, I don’t have any money.
I have no time for that.
I have no time for this now.
I have no time for this.
I have no time for visitors.
I have no time left.
I have no time to be tired.
I have no time to complain.
I have no time to deal with you.
I have no time to do my homework.
I have no time to do that today.
I have no time to do that.
I have no time to engage in gossip.
I have no time to engage in political activity.
I have no time to explain this in detail.
I have no time to go to America.
I have no time to go to Boston.
I have no time to have a rest.
I have no time to help you today.
I have no time to help you with the work.
I have no time to listen to such everyday affairs.
I have no time to lose: I am taking my exam tomorrow.
I have no time to put my books in order before I go.
I have no time to read books.
I have no time to read this book.
I have no time to read.
I have no time to see you.
I have no time to spare.
I have no time to wait.
I have no time to waste.
I have no time to watch TV.
I have no time to write to her.
I have no time to write.
I have no time today. Come tomorrow!
I have no time tomorrow.
I have no time.
I have no tolerance of cowards.
I have no trouble reading French.
I have no trouble sight-singing baroque music.
I have no trouble sleeping.
I have no trouble speaking out my mind at all times.
I have no ulterior motives.
I have no use for either of them.
I have no use for it.
I have no use for you anymore.
I have no way of knowing that.
I have no way of knowing whether she's telling the truth or not.
I have no way of knowing.
I have no way of stopping Tom from doing whatever he wants to do.
I have no way to know.
I have no way to stay warm.
I have no way to tell.
I have no weapons.
I have no wife.
I have no will power when it comes to dieting.
I have no will power when it comes to exercising.
I have no will power.
I have no wish to harm you.
I have no wish to live in a large city.
I have no wish to make you do anything you don't want to do.
I have no wish to see Tom again.
I have no wish to see the man again.
I have no words for that.
I have no words to describe what I saw.
I have no words to express my gratitude.
I have no words to thank you.
I have no words.
I have no work experience.
I have no younger sister.
I have no-one to play with me.
I have nobody else to ask.
I have nobody to play with.
I have nobody to talk to.
I have noisy neighbors.
I have none myself.
I have none.
I have normal eyesight.
I have not a single dog, I have two.
I have not an enemy in the world, as far as I know, so why should anyone play me such a trick?
I have not an enemy in the world.
I have not any children to pass on the legacy of our misery.
I have not any pencils.
I have not asked for help, nor do I desire it.
I have not asked you who is wrong or right.
I have not been able to find a job so far.
I have not been able to go to school for a week.
I have not been able to obtain my license yet.
I have not been able to relax for a single moment since getting out of bed.
I have not been around much.
I have not been busy for two days.
I have not been busy since yesterday.
I have not been doted on, tapped, or kissed; I have been whipped a lot.
I have not been eating.
I have not been feeling well for two days.
I have not been here before.
I have not been informed.
I have not been on speaking terms with her for a few years.
I have not been out today, I have had guests.
I have not been showing the way.
I have not been sick for the past ten years.
I have not been so frustrated in a long time.
I have not been studying for two days.
I have not been to Béjaïa.
I have not been to New Zealand.
I have not before sent these feelings and thoughts to anybody, but I know that I am speaking to one who by long and deep communion with Nature understands them, and can tell me what is true or false and unworthy in my experiences.
I have not blamed you for anything.
I have not bought the novel yet.
I have not brought something to eat.
I have not crapped all week.
I have not done anything.
I have not driven to Paris.
I have not eaten any poisonous mushrooms!
I have not eaten any seafood since the recent oil spill.
I have not eaten anything for the last three days.
I have not eaten anything in six days.
I have not eaten breakfast yet.
I have not eaten wheat in two months.
I have not eaten.
I have not escaped any calamity. Mash potatoes!
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
I have not felt well recently.
I have not finished breakfast yet.
I have not finished lunch.
I have not finished my homework yet.
I have not finished paying off my loan.
I have not finished the task yet.
I have not forgotten your treachery.
I have not forgotten.
I have not given them anything.
I have not gone to the pharmacy in a long time.
I have not got around to it yet.
I have not got rid of my bad cold yet.
I have not got the feel of the language.
I have not got time these days.
I have not had a COVID booster shot.
I have not had a bowel movement for a week.
I have not had a chance to see that movie.
I have not had a cold lately.
I have not had anything to eat since this morning.
I have not had lunch today.
I have not had sex for a long time.
I have not had the time to be in contact.
I have not had time since to transcribe them, but I can read some of them to you, if you will give me an idea as to which ones you want.
I have not heard a word from him as yet.
I have not heard about you.
I have not heard anything to that effect.
I have not heard from Tom in two weeks.
I have not heard from her for a month.
I have not heard from her for a year.
I have not heard from her recently.
I have not heard from her since then.
I have not heard from her yet.
I have not heard from him for a long time.
I have not heard from him since he left for America.
I have not heard from you. I was wondering if maybe my mail never got to you.
I have not heard them saying something bad.
I have not heard what he said.
I have not heard your answer.
I have not insulted her.
I have not kissed her yet.
I have not known any of my grandmothers, not to mention the great-grandmothers.
I have not left him go out on an empty stomach.
I have not let you down.
I have not lived in Sanda since last year.
I have not made up my mind yet.
I have not more than ten books.
I have not more than three thousand yen.
I have not only that to do.
I have not quite mastered it yet.
I have not read all the books.
I have not read it, but someone who has read the book "On the origin of species" by Charles Darwin guarantees that he claims that all living beings – plants, insects, reptiles, birds, dinosaurs, whales, man – descend from a common ancestor, from which they evolved, diversifying according to a law he calls "natural selection".
I have not read the book nor do I want to.
I have not received any E-mails today.
I have not received the goods scheduled for arrival here on February 15.
I have not said everything.
I have not seen Paris yet.
I have not seen anything of Elizabeth lately.
I have not seen both of his works.
I have not seen her for a long time.
I have not seen her for almost a year.
I have not seen her for so long a time.
I have not seen her lately.
I have not seen him ever since.
I have not seen him for a long time.
I have not seen him for a while.
I have not seen him for about three months.
I have not seen him in months.
I have not seen him lately.
I have not seen him since May.
I have not seen him since then.
I have not seen him since.
I have not seen much of him recently.
I have not seen my parents in a long time, my boss has sent me to England for a business trip, I'll use the opportunity to visit my parents.
I have not seen such beautiful flowers.
I have not seen you for a long time.
I have not seen you for ages.
I have not seen you for long time.
I have not seen you in a while.
I have not slept a wink all the night.
I have not slept all night.
I have not slept on the train, however.
I have not spoken to our new neighbors; I simply know them by sight.
I have not started my job yet.
I have not stolen it. I simply borrowed it without leave.
I have not stopped hoping.
I have not taken my share yet.
I have not taken my share.
I have not taken something to eat.
I have not the least interest in detective stories.
I have not the slightest interest in his plans.
I have not told them yet about.
I have not touched my wife in twenty-one years.
I have not traveled to Ighzer Amokrane.
I have not understood anything.
I have not used my time wisely.
I have not vomited yet and I feel nauseous.
I have not woken up yet.
I have not worked hard to pass my test.
I have not yet collected sufficient materials to write a book.
I have not yet dared to declare my love.
I have not yet done with the work.
I have not yet downloaded the file.
I have not yet finished my supper.
I have not yet found Greek sentences with audio in Tatoeba.
I have not yet learned whether he reached there or not.
I have not yet met anyone with whom I should like to spend the rest of my life.
I have not yet read the book you are talking about.
I have not yet received the letter you sent me.
I have not yet received your email with the information about your annual salary.
I have not yet recovered from this disease.
I have not yet seen a Northern Shoveler duck.
I have noted it.
I have nothing I have to do today.
I have nothing I need to do today.
I have nothing I plan to do today.
I have nothing against Australia.
I have nothing against Boston.
I have nothing against Canadians.
I have nothing against Tom.
I have nothing against anyone.
I have nothing against foreigners.
I have nothing against gay people.
I have nothing against girls.
I have nothing against her.
I have nothing against him.
I have nothing against humans.
I have nothing against it.
I have nothing against kids.
I have nothing against kissing.
I have nothing against loaning you money, as long as you pay it back within a month.
I have nothing against marriage.
I have nothing against men.
I have nothing against sentences from non-native speakers. Sometimes they are like cuckoos' eggs, which are no longer easy to throw out of the nest.
I have nothing against that.
I have nothing against the proposal.
I have nothing against them.
I have nothing against those people.
I have nothing against women.
I have nothing against working.
I have nothing against you.
I have nothing better to do.
I have nothing but respect for Tom.
I have nothing but time.
I have nothing else in the world.
I have nothing else scheduled for today.
I have nothing else to add to that.
I have nothing else to do.
I have nothing else to give you.
I have nothing else to lose.
I have nothing else to say.
I have nothing else to study.
I have nothing else to tell you.
I have nothing else to wear.
I have nothing else worth saying.
I have nothing else.
I have nothing for Tom to envy.
I have nothing for my children.
I have nothing for you.
I have nothing further to say.
I have nothing going on.
I have nothing in common with Tom so I don't know what to talk about.
I have nothing in common with Tom.
I have nothing in common with her.
I have nothing in common with him.
I have nothing in common with them.
I have nothing in my pockets.
I have nothing in particular to do tomorrow.
I have nothing in particular to say about the matter.
I have nothing in particular to say about this problem.
I have nothing in particular to say about this situation.
I have nothing left in me.
I have nothing left to add to the matter.
I have nothing left to live for.
I have nothing left to lose.
I have nothing left to say.
I have nothing left.
I have nothing more important to say.
I have nothing more to add.
I have nothing more to do today.
I have nothing more to give.
I have nothing more to say about him.
I have nothing more to say about this.
I have nothing more to say on the subject.
I have nothing more to say to Marika.
I have nothing more to say to Tom.
I have nothing more to say to you.
I have nothing more to say, I'm grossed out. Don't call me "mom" anymore.
I have nothing more to say.
I have nothing more to tell you.
I have nothing much in common with him.
I have nothing noteworthy to say.
I have nothing on for today.
I have nothing on this weekend.
I have nothing on.
I have nothing particular to do now.
I have nothing particular to do.
I have nothing particular to mention with regard to the affair.
I have nothing particular to say now.
I have nothing particular to say.
I have nothing planned for tomorrow.
I have nothing positive to say.
I have nothing pressing to do at the moment.
I have nothing scheduled for today.
I have nothing scheduled for tomorrow.
I have nothing special to say.
I have nothing that I can give you now.
I have nothing that I plan to do today.
I have nothing to add here.
I have nothing to add on my part.
I have nothing to add to that.
I have nothing to add to the conversation.
I have nothing to add.
I have nothing to apologize for.
I have nothing to ask forgiveness for.
I have nothing to be afraid of.
I have nothing to be ashamed about.
I have nothing to be ashamed of.
I have nothing to be worried about.
I have nothing to boast about.
I have nothing to celebrate.
I have nothing to change into.
I have nothing to complain about.
I have nothing to complain of the conclusion.
I have nothing to confess.
I have nothing to contribute to the conversation.
I have nothing to declare except my genius.
I have nothing to declare.
I have nothing to do at the moment.
I have nothing to do here.
I have nothing to do now.
I have nothing to do this afternoon.
I have nothing to do today.
I have nothing to do with Tom.
I have nothing to do with her.
I have nothing to do with him.
I have nothing to do with it.
I have nothing to do with that case.
I have nothing to do with that crime.
I have nothing to do with that.
I have nothing to do with the accident, and I know nothing.
I have nothing to do with the affair.
I have nothing to do with the case.
I have nothing to do with the crime.
I have nothing to do with the matter.
I have nothing to do with the scandal.
I have nothing to do with their troubles.
I have nothing to do with them.
I have nothing to do with this accident.
I have nothing to do with this crime.
I have nothing to do with this matter.
I have nothing to do with this.
I have nothing to do with you.
I have nothing to do.
I have nothing to eat.
I have nothing to fall back on.
I have nothing to fear.
I have nothing to forgive you for.
I have nothing to give Tom.
I have nothing to give them.
I have nothing to give you.
I have nothing to go by.
I have nothing to hide from you.
I have nothing to hide.
I have nothing to live for.
I have nothing to lose.
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat.
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears, and sweat.
I have nothing to offer you.
I have nothing to offer.
I have nothing to open a can with.
I have nothing to open the can with.
I have nothing to report so far.
I have nothing to say about him.
I have nothing to say about it.
I have nothing to say about that.
I have nothing to say about this topic.
I have nothing to say against it.
I have nothing to say against that.
I have nothing to say in this regard.
I have nothing to say on this matter.
I have nothing to say on this subject.
I have nothing to say on this topic.
I have nothing to say right now.
I have nothing to say to Tom.
I have nothing to say to any of you.
I have nothing to say to either of you.
I have nothing to say to her.
I have nothing to say to him.
I have nothing to say to that guy.
I have nothing to say to that person.
I have nothing to say to them.
I have nothing to say to you.
I have nothing to say with regard to that problem.
I have nothing to say.
I have nothing to share.
I have nothing to show Tom.
I have nothing to talk about.
I have nothing to tell you about Tom.
I have nothing to tell you about it.
I have nothing to tell you at this moment.
I have nothing to tell you for the moment.
I have nothing to tell you right now.
I have nothing to wear.
I have nothing to worry about.
I have nothing to write about.
I have nothing to write on.
I have nothing to write to you.
I have nothing to write with.
I have nothing to write, for I have heard no news and have already answered all your letters.
I have nothing to write.
I have nothing warm to wear.
I have nothing whatsoever to say on the matter.
I have nothing worth stealing.
I have nothing you want.
I have nothing, but people think that's still too much.
I have nothing.
I have noticed that the bus drivers don't know how to brake.
I have noticed this too.
I have now sat down in front of my computer.
I have nowhere else to go.
I have nowhere else to go. Can I sleep at your place?
I have nowhere else to turn.
I have nowhere near enough money to buy a house.
I have nowhere to go now.
I have nowhere to go.
I have nowhere to live now.
I have nowhere to sleep tonight.
I have nowhere to sleep. Can I crash on your sofa?
I have nowhere to spend the night.
I have nowhere to stay.
I have numerous books on my bookshelf.
I have objected to the last three items.
I have observed him for many months.
I have obsessive compulsive disorder.
I have obsessive-compulsive disorder.
I have occasional pains in the stomach.
I have often admired the mystical way of Pythagoras, and the secret Magic of numbers.
I have often been asked that question.
I have often been downcast, but never in despair; I regard our hiding as a dangerous adventure, romantic and interesting at the same time. In my diary I treat all the privations as amusing. I have made up my mind now to lead a different life from other girls and, later on, different from ordinary housewives. My start has been so very full of interest, and that is the sole reason why I have to laugh at the humorous side of the most dangerous moments.
I have often been here.
I have often been questioned by students about how to choose books and how to read them. I could never reply to these questions but in vague terms. I feel it is not so different from being asked what kind of person one should love or what kind of love one should have.
I have often been there.
I have often heard him say that.
I have often heard him speak English.
I have often heard it said that honesty is the best policy.
I have often listened to the music.
I have often met Mr Sasaki at the station.
I have often observed how little young ladies are interested by books of a serious stamp, though written solely for their benefit. It amazes me, I confess; for, certainly, there can be nothing so advantageous to them as instruction.
I have often wondered.
I have oily skin.
I have once been to Europe.
I have once been to Kyoto.
I have once seen a live whale.
I have one additional comment.
I have one beer a day.
I have one big brother and two little sisters.
I have one big flaw: finding flaws in others.
I have one brother and three sisters.
I have one brother and two sisters.
I have one brother.
I have one cat and one dog. The cat is black and the dog is white.
I have one child.
I have one daughter and one son.
I have one daughter.
I have one dog and one cat.
I have one dog.
I have one elder brother and a younger sister.
I have one eye green and the other one blue.
I have one favor to ask.
I have one final piece of advice for you.
I have one final piece of advice related to handshakes: Remember to smile.
I have one final question for you.
I have one friend.
I have one green eye and one blue one.
I have one green shirt.
I have one hour to eat.
I have one in the car.
I have one kid.
I have one knife.
I have one last piece of advice related to handshakes: Don't forget to smile.
I have one last question for you.
I have one last question to ask you about Algeria.
I have one last question!
I have one last question.
I have one last question: how many liters of wine are produced by you each year?
I have one last request.
I have one left.
I have one more day.
I have one more demand.
I have one more favor to ask.
I have one more interview.
I have one more question for you.
I have one more question.
I have one more request.
I have one more thing to add.
I have one more thing to say.
I have one more.
I have one of my friends who graduated from university and became a fine public servant. Once he told me that what he had learned from school had been useless. However, what little philosophy he had learned proved to be of great benefit.
I have one of those, too.
I have one of those.
I have one of your letters.
I have one older brother and one younger sister.
I have one or two questions.
I have one or two things which I would wish to do now that I am in town.
I have one pair of gloves.
I have one question for you.
I have one question to ask.
I have one question.
I have one request.
I have one sibling.
I have one sister and one brother.
I have one sister.
I have one son.
I have one textbook for each class that I have this term, so it is very heavy.
I have one thought in mind.
I have one thousand and five hundred cows.
I have one thousand dollars in travelers' checks and five hundred in cash.
I have one thousand dollars in travelers’ checks and five hundred in cash.
I have one thousand five hundred cows.
I have one to sell.
I have one too.
I have one weakness.
I have one with me.
I have one.
I have only 10 books.
I have only a few minutes.
I have only a few pencils.
I have only a few pens.
I have only a little money about me.
I have only a ration biscuit to offer you, sir, but once into Cabul, we shall have luxuries galore—mutton chops and green chillis.
I have only a small garden.
I have only been there once.
I have only been to Kabylie once.
I have only done this one time before.
I have only fallen for another woman.
I have only five rubles.
I have only five thousand yen.
I have only half as many books as he does.
I have only half as many books as he.
I have only half as many books as she has.
I have only half as many books as you do.
I have only heard positive things about Tom.
I have only heard positive things from Tom.
I have only just arrived.
I have only just begun.
I have only leaves and apples.
I have only myself to blame, I suppose.
I have only myself to blame.
I have only myself to thank for this mess.
I have only one desire.
I have only one dog.
I have only one flaw.
I have only one friend who likes opera.
I have only one life, and I don't care to spend any of it on you.
I have only one life.
I have only one pair of glasses.
I have only one pen.
I have only one picture of great-grandmother.
I have only one picture of my grandmother.
I have only one proviso: you must not use any power tools to build the table.
I have only one question.
I have only one sibling.
I have only one sister.
I have only one thing to say.
I have only opened that Quran one time.
I have only received complaints throughout the whole day. I'm exhausted.
I have only recently arrived here.
I have only seen him once.
I have only skimmed the document.
I have only ten English textbooks.
I have only this thing.
I have only three dollars left.
I have only three goals in life: learning, learning and learning.
I have only three hundred dollars in the bank.
I have only two classes this year.
I have only two hands.
I have only you, stay with me.
I have only you.
I have only your love.
I have opened a lot of new factories.
I have opened the window.
I have orange and grey tabby-cats in my menagerie.
I have orange shoes.
I have orchids of different shapes and colors.
I have orders not to take prisoners.
I have orders to accompany you.
I have orders to escort you.
I have orders to waste you.
I have orders.
I have other business, which is very important to me.
I have other business.
I have other cards up my sleeve.
I have other hobbies.
I have other matters on hand.
I have other matters to attend to.
I have other matters to deal with.
I have other plans for Tom.
I have other plans for her.
I have other plans for him.
I have other plans for the day.
I have other plans for them.
I have other plans for tomorrow.
I have other plans for you.
I have other plans today.
I have other plans.
I have other priorities.
I have other symptoms.
I have other things I need to be doing.
I have other things I need to do.
I have other things I should be doing.
I have other things I want to do this afternoon.
I have other things I want to do.
I have other things that I need to be doing.
I have other things that I should be doing.
I have other things to attend to.
I have other things to deal with.
I have other things to do.
I have other things to worry about, like work.
I have other work to do.
I have over thirty tabs open in my browser right now.
I have over thirty tabs open on my browser right now.
I have overcome my fear.
I have paid for that.
I have pain in my arm.
I have pain in my bones.
I have pain in my chest.
I have pain in my heart.
I have pain in my left shoulder.
I have pain in my legs.
I have pain in my lower back.
I have pain in my wisdom tooth.
I have pain toward the end of urination.
I have pain when urinating.
I have paperwork to finish up.
I have part of a plan.
I have passed all my exams.
I have patients to see.
I have patients waiting.
I have patients who need me.
I have peace at home.
I have people I need to talk to.
I have people over to my place all the time.
I have people who work with me.
I have pepper spray with me.
I have pepper spray.
I have perfect pitch.
I have permanently changed for the worse.
I have photographed my daughter.
I have photographic evidence.
I have photos, too.
I have pictures of Boston.
I have pictures of San Francisco.
I have pictures of Tom's wife.
I have pictures of Tom.
I have piles of money.
I have pimples.
I have pins and needles in my leg.
I have pity for him.
I have pity for you.
I have places to go.
I have plans Monday night.
I have plans Saturday night.
I have plans for Monday night.
I have plans for Saturday night.
I have plans later tonight.
I have plans to do that.
I have plans to go to Australia in October.
I have plans to go to Australia next month.
I have plans to go to Australia.
I have plans to go to Boston next month.
I have plans to go to Boston tomorrow.
I have plans to go to Boston.
I have plans to go to Tokyo tomorrow.
I have plans tonight.
I have plans with Tom tonight.
I have plans with Tom.
I have plans with her tonight.
I have plans with him tonight.
I have plans with them tonight.
I have plans.
I have planted an apple tree in the garden.
I have plants.
I have played golf many times with Tom.
I have played tennis throughout the year.
I have plenty of cash.
I have plenty of free time.
I have plenty of friends in Kabylie.
I have plenty of friends.
I have plenty of funny stories if you'd like me to share them with you.
I have plenty of good ideas.
I have plenty of ideas.
I have plenty of money with me.
I have plenty of money.
I have plenty of them.
I have plenty of theories.
I have plenty of things to eat in the pantry.
I have plenty of time left.
I have plenty of time on my hands this morning to get everything done on time.
I have plenty of time to do that.
I have plenty of time, but not enough money.
I have plenty of time, so I can sleep for a while?
I have plenty of time.
I have pliers in my car.
I have pneumonia.
I have pondered about the issue a bit and arrived at the conclusion that it is non-trivial.
I have poor eyesight.
I have popsicles if you want one of those.
I have popsicles if you want one.
I have post-traumatic stress disorder.
I have posted a translation.
I have posted an interpretation.
I have practiced piano every day for fifteen years.
I have preferences for some things and not for others.
I have preparations to make.
I have prepared everything for you.
I have prepared your bath.
I have pretty eyes.
I have pretty much forgotten the emphatic constructions.
I have previously been in Kabylie for three weeks.
I have previously been in Kabylie.
I have printed 100 pages.
I have priorities that are different to yours.
I have problems communicating in French.
I have problems concentrating.
I have problems of my own.
I have problems with digestion.
I have problems with my short-term memory.
I have problems with my wife, too.
I have problems, just like everybody else.
I have problems.
I have promised him a portrait.
I have promised myself to read more books.
I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep.
I have proof before your eyes.
I have proof that Tom is the one who killed Mary.
I have proof that all this is a conspiracy of our government with extraterrestrials.
I have proof that my husband is cheating on me.
I have proof.
I have provided my proof of income.
I have psoriasis.
I have purchased eight acres of land for my retirement.
I have pus coming out of my gums.
I have push button phones.
I have pushed on the brake.
I have pustules.
I have put aside one fourth of my salary for the last three years.
I have put it back in its place.
I have put off my coat.
I have put off writing to him till today.
I have put on my suit the wrong way.
I have put on two kilograms this summer.
I have put the pullover on, Mum.
I have pyorrhea.
I have question about the Quran.
I have questions running around in my mind.
I have questions to all your answers.
I have questions.
I have quickly made the calculations.
I have quit smoking and drinking.
I have quite a few friends who speak French well.
I have quite a little work to do this afternoon.
I have racist neighbors.
I have raped her.
I have raped him.
I have raped you.
I have rarely been to Algeria on vacation.
I have rarely been to Algeria.
I have rarely laughed so much.
I have rather a busy afternoon in front of me.
I have reached my limits.
I have reached the limits of my ability.
I have read "David Copperfield."
I have read The Tale of Genji, but cannot understand why it's much talked of as the greatest Japanese literature.
I have read a book.
I have read a good many books to discover what the authorities had to say that made the matter a little plainer.
I have read a lot of books.
I have read about it somewhere.
I have read about the accident in the newspaper.
I have read all his brother's comments on Facebook.
I have read all his novels.
I have read all of your books.
I have read all the letters you sent.
I have read both of these books, but neither of them is interesting.
I have read both these books.
I have read descriptions of Paradise that would make any sensible person stop wanting to go there.
I have read every book in my father's bookcase.
I have read every book in my father’s bookcase.
I have read every book in the library.
I have read every book on the shelf.
I have read hundreds of books.
I have read it to my great profit.
I have read many books lately.
I have read many modern authors.
I have read many of his novels in translation.
I have read many sci-fi novels since my teenage years, and now I am strangely climaxing in later adult years by watching anime, still sci-fi.
I have read sixty pages, while he has read only ten.
I have read so much about Islam.
I have read some books.
I have read some of Taiyō Matsumoto's futuristic manga.
I have read some of these books.
I have read somewhere about the exceeding beauty of the eyes of the gazelle; how noted hunters have alleged that their nature so softened on looking into the animal's eyes that they (the hunters) had no heart to destroy the creature.
I have read that book several times.
I have read that different idiots are of the same mind.
I have read that story in some book.
I have read the Quran so much.
I have read the Quran.
I have read the article and now I am writing a summary.
I have read the article and now I'm writing a summary.
I have read the book "The little prince".
I have read the book before.
I have read the book.
I have read the novel before.
I have read this book before.
I have read this book two years ago.
I have read three Shakespearean works up to now.
I have read three books since this morning.
I have read three of Shakspeare's works so far.
I have read three or four books in Berber since I came back from Kabylie, Algeria.
I have read twice as many books as he has.
I have read your book. It's very interesting.
I have read your letter closely, and your situation seems very typical and foreseeable in a relationship.
I have read.
I have realized you don't love them.
I have really bad eyes.
I have really funny friends.
I have reason to assume that it's not true.
I have reason to believe Tom is a federal informant.
I have reason to believe Tom is an FBI informant.
I have reason to believe that the American side started to better understand our positions.
I have reason to believe that you're lying.
I have reason to believe you're lying.
I have reason to think that we'll never see Tom again.
I have reason to think we'll never see Tom again.
I have received a box of pomegranates from Armenia.
I have received a letter from Boston.
I have received a letter from a friend.
I have received a respite.
I have received many orders from the United States.
I have received no reply from you yet.
I have received personal information, from a very high quarter, that a certain document of the last importance, has been purloined from the royal apartments.
I have received the mail from your company.
I have received your letter and read it with delight.
I have received your letter.
I have recently become accustomed to his way of speaking.
I have recently given up smoking.
I have recently read many books.
I have recently returned from a trip overseas to Algeria.
I have recently seen James.
I have recently seen Tom.
I have recently used the services of his travel agency to book a cruise in the Mediterranean.
I have recently worked a lot at home.
I have recklessness in my blood. Since the time I was a child, I've only managed to hurt myself.
I have recklessness in my blood. Since the time I was a child, I’ve only managed to hurt myself.
I have recognized them.
I have recovered again.
I have recovered from my bad cold.
I have recovered my health already.
I have recurring dreams about Tom.
I have recurring nightmares about it.
I have red eyes.
I have red hair.
I have regained the publishing rights for my book.
I have regrets concerning him.
I have rejected you.
I have relatives in Australia.
I have relatives in Boston.
I have relatives in Los Angeles.
I have relatives in Milan.
I have relatives in that village.
I have relatives in this city.
I have relatives who live in Boston.
I have relatives who live in this area.
I have remained speechless.
I have reservations about him.
I have responsibilities.
I have restored the door, for now.
I have restrictive access to the concert.
I have returned after many labors, after a dangerous journey; I am returned to you, I am returned to your love.
I have returned to Algeria to save my country.
I have returned.
I have revenge for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
I have rewritten the letter three times.
I have rewritten the sentence.
I have rewritten this sentence.
I have rheumatoid arthritis.
I have rights.
I have romantic feelings for him.
I have run into a problem that is causing the delay of my payment.
I have run out of money.
I have run out of my traveling expenses.
I have run short of money.
I have saddled the horses myself.
I have said my word.
I have said no such thing.
I have said that to you because I love you.
I have sailed up the Thames once.
I have sand in my hair.
I have sand in my shoe.
I have schizoaffective disorder.
I have schizophrenia.
I have searched everywhere, but I could not find it.
I have searched for you all over the world.
I have searched internet to learn Portuguese.
I have seasonal allergies.
I have secrets that no one knows.
I have secrets.
I have seen "Star Wars" twice.
I have seen James recently.
I have seen Mt. Fuji.
I have seen Tom here.
I have seen a UFO before.
I have seen a UFO.
I have seen a dog.
I have seen a panda once.
I have seen a shooting star once.
I have seen a star today.
I have seen all I need to see in Kabylie.
I have seen all the works that are done under the sun; and behold, all is vanity and a chasing after wind.
I have seen an adult man who crept above a wall on hands and feet. Either he was drunk, or he wanted to be young again.
I have seen an eagle.
I have seen an interesting memorial.
I have seen an ostrich at the zoo.
I have seen angels and talked with them.
I have seen at least one Kurosawa film.
I have seen better.
I have seen children in large classes in an ordinary city school system learn all the elements of “the three R’s” in less than six months.
I have seen death in many forms, but never has it appeared to me in a more fearsome aspect than in that dark, grimy apartment, which looked out upon one of the main arteries of suburban London.
I have seen enough.
I have seen every frame of Dan's movies.
I have seen everything done in this world, and I tell you, it is all useless. It is like chasing the wind.
I have seen flowers come in stoney places and kind things done by men with ugly faces.
I have seen flowers come in stoney places.
I have seen her before.
I have seen her once in a TV drama.
I have seen her playing the piano.
I have seen her three times.
I have seen her with my own eyes.
I have seen him many times.
I have seen him often lately.
I have seen him on TV but not in the flesh.
I have seen him once before.
I have seen him once on the train.
I have seen him once.
I have seen him quite recently.
I have seen him twice since I left school.
I have seen him twice since leaving school.
I have seen him with my own eyes.
I have seen his death certificate.
I have seen his glory.
I have seen how you've been checking me out.
I have seen in my time a hundred craftsmen, a hundred farmers, wiser and happier than university presidents.
I have seen in my time a hundred craftsmen, a hundred farmers, wiser and happier than university rectors.
I have seen in the Quran real truth.
I have seen it a lot.
I have seen it with my own eyes.
I have seen little of him lately.
I have seen little of him of late.
I have seen loads of concerts.
I have seen much of him lately.
I have seen neither of his works.
I have seen nobody apart from you.
I have seen nothing of her lately.
I have seen nothing of him lately.
I have seen nothing of him recently.
I have seen nothing.
I have seen pictures of her in a Kabyle dress.
I have seen that face somewhere before.
I have seen that film long ago.
I have seen that girl before.
I have seen that somewhere.
I have seen the bull swayed by love, lowing as if the dunfly had stung him; I have seen the young he-goat in love with the she-goat, and following her everywhere.
I have seen the film before.
I have seen the film once before.
I have seen the picture before.
I have seen them with my own eyes.
I have seen this face before.
I have seen this film many more times.
I have seen this happen over and over again.
I have seen this place before.
I have seen those who came today.
I have seen various difficulties.
I have seen what a great job you have been doing with the children.
I have seen wolves in the Appennines.
I have seen worse.
I have seldom heard from her.
I have seldom seen a man more infatuated with a woman than he is with our beautiful neighbour, Miss Stapleton.
I have seldom seen a man more infatuated with a woman than he is with our beautiful neighbour, Miss Stapleton. I was deeply ashamed to have witnessed so intimate a scene without my friend’s knowledge.
I have seldom seen a man more infatuated with a woman than he is.
I have seldom seen such a beautiful sunset as this.
I have selected you as my partner.
I have self-esteem problems because I don't know if I'm doing things well.
I have self-studied half a semester's worth of German.
I have semen in my socks.
I have seniority.
I have sensitive skin.
I have sent a letter to them.
I have sent her a letter yesterday.
I have sent him a letter yesterday.
I have sent you a copy of a recent work, in the hope that you may enjoy it.
I have serious doubts about their plan succeeding.
I have serious doubts about their plans succeeding.
I have serious doubts.
I have serious illnesses.
I have serious problems.
I have serious reason to believe that the planet from which the little prince came is the asteroid known as Β 612.
I have serious things to talk about.
I have served this great republic all my life.
I have served you all these years and you never even threw me a bone, but the dear children gave me their own piece of ham.
I have served you all these years and you never gave me so much as a hard crust, but the dear children gave me their own loaf of bread.
I have served you faithfully.
I have set myself three different objectives for this year.
I have settled on green for the curtains.
I have seven friends. What about you?
I have several Canadian friends.
I have several bad habits.
I have several books he wrote.
I have several books in English.
I have several caps.
I have several dozens of them.
I have several friends in Australia.
I have several friends in Boston.
I have several friends living in Boston.
I have several friends who are native French speakers.
I have several friends who are native speakers of French.
I have several friends who are vegetarians.
I have several friends who can speak French.
I have several friends who do that.
I have several friends who don't eat meat.
I have several friends who don't have driver's licenses.
I have several friends who have spent time in prison.
I have several friends who live in Australia.
I have several friends who live in Boston.
I have several friends who speak English well.
I have several friends who speak French fairly well.
I have several friends who speak French very well.
I have several friends who speak French well.
I have several friends who used to live in Australia.
I have several friends who used to live in Boston.
I have several friends, some of whom are very rich.
I have several good friends.
I have several ideas.
I have several jobs here.
I have several jobs.
I have several life battles that I need to take on most urgently.
I have several magazines in my room.
I have several meetings this afternoon.
I have several more things that I need to buy.
I have several of your books.
I have several old computers.
I have several paintings hanging on my wall.
I have several pairs of shoes.
I have several pieces of amethyst in my bedroom.
I have several questions I need to ask you.
I have several questions I want to ask you.
I have several questions that I need to ask you.
I have several questions that I want to ask you.
I have several questions.
I have several recordings of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony.
I have several reports that need to be written by tomorrow.
I have several silver coins.
I have several statues in my garden.
I have several suggestions.
I have several things I'd like to talk to you about.
I have several times observed that he has taken pains to prevent them from being tête-à-tête.
I have several tumbled stones in my hands.
I have severe anxiety.
I have sheep.
I have short arms.
I have short hair.
I have short legs.
I have sickle cell disease.
I have sickle-cell disease.
I have simply nothing to say about it.
I have sinned.
I have sinus trouble.
I have sisters.
I have sisters. I have no brothers.
I have six mouths to feed.
I have sleep paralysis and can't move when I wake up sometimes.
I have slept badly lately.
I have slept.
I have small change with me.
I have small ears.
I have small eyes.
I have small hands.
I have snow blindness.
I have so little money at the end of the month.
I have so many books, but I haven't read a single one.
I have so many brothers.
I have so many clothes I don't know what to wear tomorrow.
I have so many clothes I don’t know what to wear tomorrow.
I have so many devices on my desk that it makes me feel like a secret agent.
I have so many ideas floating around in my head.
I have so many ideas.
I have so many more pictures of Kabylie.
I have so many more years to go through yet so it'd be a real pity if I couldn't make it past the age 30 years old.
I have so many questions for you.
I have so many questions to ask you.
I have so many questions.
I have so many sides to my own personality that I struggle really hard to understand myself often times.
I have so many stories to tell.
I have so many things I don't need.
I have so many things I want to say to you.
I have so many things I want to tell Tom.
I have so many things I want you to know.
I have so many things to do today.
I have so many things to do.
I have so many things to tell you that I don't know where to start.
I have so many things to tell you that I don’t know where to start.
I have so many things to tell you.
I have so many words in my head that I feel they wouldn't be exhausted even if I wrote to you every day for the rest of my life.
I have so much family in Kabylie.
I have so much to be grateful for.
I have so much to do, I don't even know where to start.
I have so much to do.
I have so much to learn.
I have so much to offer.
I have so much to say.
I have so much to show you.
I have so much to teach you.
I have so much to tell you.
I have so much work that I will stay for one more hour.
I have so much work to do that I have to postpone my trip.
I have so much work to do that I have to put off my trip.
I have so much work to do!
I have sobered up.
I have soccer in my blood.
I have social anxiety.
I have social phobia.
I have socks, but I have no shoes.
I have soft stools.
I have solar panels.
I have sold my books at a good price.
I have sold the house.
I have some American friends.
I have some Canadian friends.
I have some English books.
I have some French books.
I have some PTO (paid time off) saved up, so I’m using my PTO.
I have some acquaintance with chemistry.
I have some advice for you to think about.
I have some advice for you, Tom.
I have some advice for you.
I have some apples.
I have some appointments this afternoon.
I have some appreciation of your problems.
I have some arthritis.
I have some awful news for you.
I have some bad news for you.
I have some bad news to tell you.
I have some bad news, sir. Your father has passed away and I am deeply sorry.
I have some bad news.
I have some bills that I need to pay today.
I have some bills that I need to pay.
I have some books that you might like to read.
I have some books.
I have some brandy.
I have some business to do in the Boston office.
I have some business to take care of.
I have some butterflies in my stomach.
I have some candy for you.
I have some cash on me, but not enough to pay for this.
I have some cash stashed away.
I have some checks for Tom to sign.
I have some chickens.
I have some chores to do.
I have some clothes for you.
I have some coins in my pocket.
I have some coins in my wallet.
I have some cookies.
I have some correspondence to deal with.
I have some coupons I got last week.
I have some cravings.
I have some damage to my vision.
I have some debts to repay.
I have some decisions to make about college.
I have some difficulty breathing.
I have some documents that I'd like you to look at.
I have some documents that I'd like you to proofread.
I have some doubts about his coming in this weather.
I have some doubts about it.
I have some emails that I need to answer.
I have some errands I need to run.
I have some errands that I need to run.
I have some errands to run before my trip to San Francisco.
I have some errands to run.
I have some excellent brandy.
I have some experience doing that kind of thing.
I have some experience doing that.
I have some experience in that area as well.
I have some experience with that.
I have some experience with this.
I have some experience.
I have some extra batteries.
I have some extra tickets for the concert.
I have some flowers for you.
I have some fond memories of this song.
I have some food left over.
I have some food.
I have some free time in the afternoon.
I have some free time right now.
I have some friends abroad.
I have some friends around here.
I have some friends in Australia.
I have some friends in Boston.
I have some friends in the police department.
I have some friends on unemployment, and their safety was their main concern.
I have some friends to help.
I have some friends who want to help.
I have some friends.
I have some gifts for you.
I have some gifts.
I have some good brandy.
I have some good friends.
I have some good ideas, too.
I have some good news and some bad news.
I have some good news for you.
I have some good news to report.
I have some good news to share.
I have some good news.
I have some good opinion of my son’s ability.
I have some great news for you.
I have some great news.
I have some health issues.
I have some homework to do.
I have some homework to finish.
I have some homework.
I have some houses.
I have some housework to do.
I have some idea of what happened.
I have some ideas I'd like to explore with you.
I have some ideas I'd like to share with you.
I have some ideas that I'd like to share with you.
I have some ideas that might improve the plan.
I have some ideas, too.
I have some ideas.
I have some important business to take care of.
I have some important news.
I have some information about Tom.
I have some information for Tom.
I have some information for you.
I have some information regarding this.
I have some information.
I have some inside information about the company's plans to go public.
I have some inside information about the company’s plans to go public.
I have some interesting questions to ask Tom.
I have some knowledge, however, of baritsu, or the Japanese system of wrestling, which has more than once been very useful to me.
I have some kool aid in the refrigerator.
I have some last-minute Christmas shopping to do.
I have some left over.
I have some loose ends to tie up.
I have some money left over.
I have some money with me.
I have some money.
I have some more bad news.
I have some more calls to make.
I have some more information for you.
I have some more questions for you.
I have some more questions.
I have some news about Tom.
I have some news for you!
I have some news for you.
I have some news that might interest you.
I have some news.
I have some noisy neighbors.
I have some numbness in my left hand.
I have some oil.
I have some old clothes I'm going to throw out.
I have some other appointments.
I have some other ideas, too.
I have some paperwork to do.
I have some paperwork to finish.
I have some pens.
I have some personal business to take care of.
I have some petrol.
I have some photos of Tom.
I have some pictures I want to show you.
I have some pictures for you.
I have some pictures from that night.
I have some pictures that I think that you might be interested in seeing.
I have some pictures to show you.
I have some powerful friends who can help you.
I have some presents for Tom.
I have some presents for you.
I have some pretty exciting news.
I have some problems to take care of.
I have some problems.
I have some property in Australia.
I have some property in Boston.
I have some questions I need to ask Tom.
I have some questions I want to ask you.
I have some questions I'd like to ask Tom.
I have some questions I'd like to ask you.
I have some questions I'd like to ask.
I have some questions about the motivations of everyone involved in what has happened inside Syria.
I have some questions about your plan.
I have some questions about your proposal.
I have some questions for Tom.
I have some questions for her.
I have some questions for him.
I have some questions for them.
I have some questions for you.
I have some questions that I want to ask Tom.
I have some questions that I want to ask you.
I have some questions that I'd like to ask you.
I have some questions to ask Tom.
I have some questions to ask you.
I have some questions to ask, but I don't want to bother you now.
I have some questions to ask, but I don’t want to bother you now.
I have some questions.
I have some rather bad news.
I have some reading to do.
I have some relatives in Australia.
I have some relatives in Boston.
I have some rum.
I have some sausage.
I have some serious problems.
I have some sewing to do.
I have some shopping to do.
I have some stamps in my bag.
I have some strawberries. Do you want some?
I have some stuff to do at home.
I have some things I have to do this afternoon.
I have some things I have to do.
I have some things I need to do this afternoon.
I have some things I need to do.
I have some things I need to tell you.
I have some things I want to do.
I have some things for Tom.
I have some things for her.
I have some things for him.
I have some things for them.
I have some things for you.
I have some things in the hotel safe.
I have some things that I have to do.
I have some things that I need to do.
I have some things to deal with.
I have some things to do.
I have some things to do. Excuse me.
I have some things to give to you.
I have some things to say.
I have some things to take care of.
I have some things to work out.
I have some time left.
I have some time on my hands.
I have some time to kill.
I have some time to spare.
I have some time to waste.
I have some time, but never very much...
I have some time, but not much.
I have some time.
I have some unfinished business to attend to.
I have some unfinished business to take care of.
I have some unfinished business with Tom.
I have some very bad news.
I have some very good news.
I have some very sad news.
I have some weird neighbors.
I have some whisky right here.
I have some white hair.
I have some wonderful news for you.
I have some work to clear up.
I have some work to do this evening.
I have some work to do.
I have someone I want you to meet.
I have someone here who'd like to speak with you.
I have someone here you might like to meet.
I have someone special to introduce you, too.
I have someone you should meet.
I have someplace to go.
I have something I have to discuss with Tom.
I have something I have to do in the evening.
I have something I have to do this afternoon.
I have something I have to do.
I have something I have to talk to you about.
I have something I have to tell Tom.
I have something I have to tell you.
I have something I need to discuss with Tom.
I have something I need to discuss with you.
I have something I need to do after work today.
I have something I need to do this afternoon.
I have something I need to do tomorrow.
I have something I need to do.
I have something I need to explain to you.
I have something I need to get off my chest.
I have something I need to give you.
I have something I need to show you.
I have something I need to talk to you about.
I have something I need to tell Tom.
I have something I need to tell you, Tom.
I have something I need to tell you.
I have something I need you to do for me.
I have something I really want to get off my chest.
I have something I should show you.
I have something I want to ask you.
I have something I want to give to you.
I have something I want to give you.
I have something I want to say first.
I have something I want to say to you.
I have something I want to say.
I have something I want to show you.
I have something I want to tell Tom.
I have something I want to tell you.
I have something I want you to consider.
I have something I'd like to discuss with you.
I have something I'd like to say.
I have something I'd like to show you.
I have something better.
I have something bigger to achieve in life than what most people are supposed achieve in their lives.
I have something else I need to be doing right now.
I have something else I need to do.
I have something else I need to give you.
I have something else I need you to do.
I have something else I want you to do for me.
I have something else for you.
I have something else in mind.
I have something else that I need you to do.
I have something else to do.
I have something else to give you.
I have something else to say.
I have something else to show you.
I have something else to tell you.
I have something for Tom.
I have something for both of you.
I have something for her.
I have something for him.
I have something for them.
I have something for you to do.
I have something for you, too.
I have something for you.
I have something good to tell you.
I have something here that I want to show you.
I have something important that I need to talk to you about.
I have something important to discuss with Tom.
I have something important to discuss with you.
I have something important to report.
I have something important to say.
I have something important to talk about with you.
I have something important to tell Tom.
I have something important to tell her.
I have something important to tell you.
I have something in my eye.
I have something in my shoe.
I have something in my suitcase for you.
I have something interesting to show you.
I have something interesting to tell you.
I have something more important to do.
I have something of yours.
I have something on.
I have something or other to tell him.
I have something personal to discuss with Tom.
I have something personal to discuss with you.
I have something personal to tell you after the dinner.
I have something really important to tell you guys.
I have something really special and important.
I have something special for you.
I have something special planned for Tom's birthday.
I have something that I need to do after work today.
I have something that I need to do this afternoon.
I have something that I need to give you.
I have something that I need to show you.
I have something that I need to tell you, Tom.
I have something that I need to tell you.
I have something that I should show you.
I have something that I want to say to him.
I have something that I want to say to you.
I have something that I want to show you.
I have something that I'd like to say.
I have something that belongs to you. Why don't you come over and pick it up?
I have something that belongs to you. Why don’t you come over and pick it up?
I have something that might be useful to you.
I have something that might interest you.
I have something that you should see.
I have something to add.
I have something to ask Tom.
I have something to ask her.
I have something to ask him.
I have something to ask of you.
I have something to ask them.
I have something to ask you out of curiosity.
I have something to ask you.
I have something to attend to.
I have something to barter.
I have something to be done immediately.
I have something to be loved for.
I have something to declare.
I have something to discuss with Layla.
I have something to discuss with Tom.
I have something to discuss with you.
I have something to do first.
I have something to do in town.
I have something to do right now.
I have something to do this afternoon.
I have something to do tomorrow morning.
I have something to do tomorrow.
I have something to do.
I have something to give to you.
I have something to give you.
I have something to live for in music.
I have something to say to Tom.
I have something to say to all of you.
I have something to say to you.
I have something to say.
I have something to show Tom.
I have something to show you.
I have something to take care of.
I have something to talk over with you, face to face.
I have something to talk over with you.
I have something to talk to you about.
I have something to tell Tom.
I have something to tell her.
I have something to tell him quickly.
I have something to tell him.
I have something to tell them.
I have something to tell you about Tom.
I have something to tell you, Tom.
I have something to tell you.
I have something to tell you. I am pregnant.
I have something to tell you. I am your brother.
I have something to tell you. I lied when I said I didn't know.
I have something to think about.
I have something to trade.
I have something urgent to attend to.
I have something very important to tell Tom.
I have something very important to tell you.
I have something very interesting to tell you.
I have something very special planned for your birthday.
I have something very special planned.
I have something you might be interested in seeing.
I have something you might be interested in.
I have something you should look at.
I have something you want.
I have something.
I have somewhere else I need to be.
I have somewhere else to go.
I have sore eyes.
I have sore feet.
I have sore muscles all over my body.
I have sore muscles.
I have sores in my mouth that make it hard for me to eat.
I have sought to give America a new kind of Government, smaller, more modern, more effective, full of ideas and policies appropriate to this new time, always putting people first, always focusing on the future.
I have spent 500 dollars per day.
I have spent a lot of money on my house.
I have spent a lot of time studying French.
I have spent more than two-thirds, if not all, of the money for a new car.
I have spent most of the day putting in a comma and the rest of the day taking it out.
I have spent my whole life here.
I have spent my whole life in Kabylie.
I have spent the whole week studying for that exam.
I have spent three times as much money as you spent.
I have sperm in my socks.
I have spilt some milk on my jacket.
I have split ends.
I have spoken to you of earthy things.
I have spoken with the Polish ambassador.
I have spoken!
I have spoken.
I have spots coming out all over my face.
I have spots on my skin from stress.
I have spotted a chital in jungle.
I have spread my dreams beneath your feet; Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.
I have squandered much time, I must get down to work.
I have stage anxiety.
I have stamps from many countries.
I have standards.
I have started doing yoga at the gym.
I have started dreaming about you from the moment I set my eyes on you.
I have started high school.
I have started learning Berber a few weeks ago.
I have started reading it.
I have started skipping lunch with a view to losing weight.
I have started to realise that I don't really understand you at all.
I have stayed in Kyoto for three days.
I have steak, eggs, hash browns, toast, and coffee.
I have steampunk tendencies, as I like collecting antiques.
I have steered my course by our enduring values: opportunity for all, responsibility from all, a community of all Americans.
I have sticky hands.
I have sticky notes all over my wall to remind me about things, but I still forget to look at the wall.
I have stiff shoulders.
I have still got a few minutes.
I have still to hear that story.
I have stolen nothing from him.
I have stomach ache.
I have stomach cramps.
I have stopped drinking carbonated drinks.
I have stopped working with him because of his arrogance.
I have stopped.
I have storage space.
I have straight hair.
I have strawberries. Do you want to eat some?
I have strep throat.
I have strong menstrual pains.
I have strong reasons to believe that my son Sérgio Melo has registered at Tatoeba today, Sunday, May 11 2014, as member number 20,000.
I have strong stomach pain.
I have struggled under extreme difficulties for a long time.
I have student loans.
I have studied Berber.
I have studied English for 2 years.
I have studied French since I was 15.
I have studied French.
I have studied Italian for a few months.
I have studied Portuguese for two months.
I have studied Psychology to some extent.
I have studied all day.
I have studied all the national Germanic languages.
I have studied all the national Romance languages.
I have studied all the national Slavic languages.
I have studied for 5 years.
I have studied literature at university.
I have studied religiology for many years, as I have compared different religions around this world. I am not a gullible person, as many less educated are. My tendency is Animism-Buddhism. But being in this world where a third are influenced by Xtianity, I have to somewhat reconcile my pagan (or non-Abrahamic) beliefs with the Xtians around me.
I have studied the whole week for this exam.
I have studied the whole week to practice for this exam.
I have stuff to do.
I have subscribed to this news channel.
I have succeeded in doing it.
I have such a hard time getting my anger to wind down and getting my anger to cool down.
I have such a headache.
I have such a high-functioning brain that I can achieve anything I put my mind to.
I have such a mentally strong spirit that I'm not impressed nor phased out by any life obstacle that life throws at me daily.
I have such bad luck.
I have suffered terribly.
I have suffered through everything sour, but found nothing more bitter than needing people.
I have suffered too much grief in setting down these memories.
I have suggestions.
I have sunglasses.
I have superpowers.
I have supported you throughout.
I have survived seven years of war.
I have swimming practice on Thursday.
I have sworn, and I will perform it, that I will keep thy righteous judgments.
I have taken a gun.
I have taken a taxi from the airport to Nuja's house.
I have taken all my time to study your behavior. In the end, I found where your weakness was, and I used it against you.
I have taken care of this child ever since his parents died.
I have taken enough photos. Thank you.
I have taken everything into consideration.
I have taken food.
I have taken my medication.
I have taken my pills today.
I have taken on too much work.
I have taken out a life-policy.
I have taken some couscous to my sister.
I have taken the decision to leave the country.
I have talked about liars.
I have talked with others in the same situation.
I have tanned.
I have tasted everything good, but haven't found anything better than good health.
I have taught Berber for fourteen years.
I have taught my cows to follow the sound of this pipe, and to obey its call, even if they be grazing at the greatest distance.
I have taught my dog to sit up and beg.
I have tea as well as coffee.
I have techniques.
I have temporal-lobe epilepsy.
I have ten cats.
I have ten children.
I have ten days to review the entire grammar of the French language.
I have ten friends.
I have ten minutes to catch my connection.
I have ten more pens than you.
I have ten of them.
I have ten pens more than you do.
I have ten pens.
I have ten sons.
I have ten times as many books as you have.
I have ten times more books than you do.
I have tennis elbow.
I have tennis practice later.
I have tennis practice.
I have tenure.
I have terrible handwriting.
I have terrible memory.
I have terrible pains.
I have terrible social skills.
I have thalassaemia.
I have that at home.
I have that date circled on my calendar.
I have that problem, too.
I have that same problem.
I have that song stuck in my head.
I have that.
I have the Berber keyboard on my computer.
I have the Berber keyboard on my phone.
I have the French nationality, but I'm from Vietnam.
I have the King of Spades.
I have the Quran in front of me.
I have the ability to decide for myself.
I have the ability to inspire others.
I have the ability to kill him.
I have the ability to think for myself.
I have the ace of clubs.
I have the ace of diamonds.
I have the ace of hearts.
I have the ace of spades.
I have the afternoon off today, so I plan to go to the park, sit under a tree and read a book.
I have the answer.
I have the authority to do this.
I have the bad habit of leaving everything to the last minute.
I have the best and most honourable intentions.
I have the best family in the world!
I have the best ideas.
I have the best job in the entire world.
I have the best job in the world.
I have the best marriage I know of.
I have the best mom in the world!
I have the best mother in the world!
I have the best words.
I have the blues today.
I have the body of an original aboriginal.
I have the book on hand.
I have the capacity to decide for myself.
I have the capacity to think for myself.
I have the complete works of Shakespeare.
I have the computer and a lamp on top of the table.
I have the conviction that a few weeks in a well-organized summer camp may be of more value educationally than a whole year of formal school work.
I have the courage to tell it like it is.
I have the day off tomorrow.
I have the day off.
I have the dictionary.
I have the digital version of this dictionary, but not the print version.
I have the dim recollection of something like that happening once before.
I have the draft ready, but I still need an illustrator.
I have the evidence to prove it.
I have the exact same opinion as her.
I have the feeling I've already seen this movie.
I have the feeling Tom did it.
I have the feeling Tom did that.
I have the feeling someone is watching us.
I have the feeling that I understand.
I have the feeling that I'll sleep well tonight.
I have the feeling that I've answered this before.
I have the feeling that I've been here before.
I have the feeling that I've done this before.
I have the feeling that I've forgotten something.
I have the feeling that I've heard that. before.
I have the feeling that I've met that guy before.
I have the feeling that I've met you before.
I have the feeling that I've seen these shoes somewhere before.
I have the feeling that Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
I have the feeling that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I have the feeling that Ziri is going to throw me under a bus.
I have the feeling that it's about time to read him the riot act.
I have the feeling that my French is improving slowly.
I have the feeling that my French is improving.
I have the feeling that my French isn't getting much better.
I have the feeling that my French isn't improving much.
I have the feeling that since last Sunday morning, years have gone by.
I have the feeling that something bad's going to happen.
I have the feeling that the celebrities who appear in cup ramen commercials don't eat things like cup ramen.
I have the feeling that there have been hardly any interesting series lately.
I have the feeling that translating has become very unenjoyable.
I have the feeling that we're forgetting something important.
I have the feeling that you'll be a very good father.
I have the feeling that you'll be a very good lawyer.
I have the feeling there's something you haven't told me yet.
I have the feeling we're forgetting something important.
I have the feeling you had something else in mind.
I have the feeling you'll be a very good father.
I have the feeling you'll be a very good lawyer.
I have the file right here.
I have the flags of every country in the world.
I have the flu and I'm tired.
I have the flu and I’m tired.
I have the flu and a sore throat.
I have the flu.
I have the freedom to relax and unwind.
I have the guidebooks of all the European capitals.
I have the habit of walking before breakfast.
I have the hang of it.
I have the hat.
I have the hiccups.
I have the honor of working with Tom.
I have the house all to myself.
I have the hunger of a wolf.
I have the impression Tom doesn't like me.
I have the impression Tom is doing well.
I have the impression it rained all day.
I have the impression that I already know you.
I have the impression that I look like a child when I speak English.
I have the impression that I've seen you before.
I have the impression that Mary is new here.
I have the impression that Sami doesn't like me.
I have the impression that Tom doesn't like me.
I have the impression that Tom is doing well.
I have the impression that Tom is holding back information.
I have the impression that happiness is always a little further on.
I have the impression that he is quite arrogant.
I have the impression that he knows the secret.
I have the impression that she has fallen in love with me. What should I do?
I have the impression that the Russians are more racist than the French.
I have the impression that we've known each other for a long time.
I have the impression that you're a bit in a hurry.
I have the impression that you're drifting further and further away from me.
I have the information you requested.
I have the information you wanted.
I have the internet on my phone.
I have the invoice.
I have the jack of spades.
I have the jitters.
I have the key of Paradise.
I have the key to the safe.
I have the key to the twenty-seventh cell.
I have the key.
I have the keys.
I have the knack for learning languages.
I have the list.
I have the map.
I have the master key.
I have the measles.
I have the melody of this song constantly stuck in my head.
I have the memory of a goldfish.
I have the minutes of the meeting.
I have the money I need.
I have the money that you're talking about.
I have the money you're talking about.
I have the money.
I have the most ideas, and you have the best ideas.
I have the most ideas, and you have the best ones.
I have the most interesting conversations with my ufologist friend Bratislav. He is of Croatian ancestry and is very intelligent. I am bored now in my neighbourhood without someone like him to talk to, as he moved to a different city.
I have the mother of all colds.
I have the next three days off.
I have the opposite opinion.
I have the opposite problem.
I have the package.
I have the papers to prove it.
I have the paperwork.
I have the perfect killing skillset to make the most physical damage on just about anyone.
I have the perfect role for you.
I have the power of God and anime on my side.
I have the power of invisibility, but it only works when I’m wearing a freshly washed shirt.
I have the power to damage him.
I have the power to decide this.
I have the power to find out when someone is reading my mind.
I have the power to say this.
I have the prettiest granddaughter in the world.
I have the proof before my eyes.
I have the queen of hearts.
I have the remote control.
I have the right not to answer.
I have the right to be respected in discussions.
I have the right to be taken seriously.
I have the right to call my lawyer.
I have the right to criticise.
I have the right to do this.
I have the right to express my opinion!
I have the right to express my opinion.
I have the right to express my own opinions.
I have the right to go wherever I please.
I have the right to keep my voting preferences secret.
I have the right to know.
I have the right to remain silent.
I have the right to say what I think.
I have the right to speak Berber everywhere I go.
I have the right to speak, too.
I have the right to speak.
I have the right to stay here.
I have the right to take a break.
I have the rota.
I have the same bike.
I have the same chair at home.
I have the same concern.
I have the same desire to take a year abroad to study.
I have the same dictionary as your brother has.
I have the same dictionary as your brother.
I have the same doubts.
I have the same dress as you!
I have the same feelings.
I have the same number of books as Tom has.
I have the same number of books as he has.
I have the same opinion.
I have the same problem as you do.
I have the same problem that you do.
I have the same problem.
I have the same problems as you do.
I have the same problems that you do.
I have the same question for you.
I have the same question.
I have the same symptoms as you do.
I have the same symptoms.
I have the same trouble as you had.
I have the same trouble as you have.
I have the same word-processor as this.
I have the screen in front of me.
I have the shits.
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best.
I have the solution.
I have the soup and your check.
I have the strength of a bear.
I have the tickets in my bag.
I have the tickets.
I have the urge to cry.
I have the utmost respect for the Tatoeba programmers, who have spent countless hours entirely for free to keep improving the site continuously.
I have the video.
I have the water.
I have the whole day free.
I have the whole week planned.
I have the whole world at my feet.
I have the willingness to learn from others.
I have the word on the tip of my tongue.
I have the world at my fingertips.
I have the worst job in the world.
I have the worst luck with socks.
I have the worst luck with women.
I have them all.
I have them here with me.
I have them on the line.
I have them with me.
I have therapy today at 2:30.
I have therapy today.
I have these coins.
I have these little habits that show themselves when I least expect it, so I have to watch myself.
I have thin lips.
I have things I have to do tomorrow.
I have things I have to do.
I have things I need to do.
I have things I need to fix.
I have things I want to do.
I have things I've got to do.
I have things on my mind.
I have things to attend to elsewhere.
I have things to attend to.
I have things to do tomorrow.
I have things to do.
I have things to take care of.
I have things to talk to you about.
I have things to tell you.
I have thirteen cats.
I have thirteen employees.
I have thirteen names on my list.
I have thirteen people working for me.
I have thirty dollars in my pocket.
I have this ambivalent attitude towards my boss.
I have this app.
I have this book.
I have this briefcase in a different color.
I have this information from Tom.
I have this large room all to myself.
I have this peculiarity: I always spoil everything.
I have this piercing headache.
I have this song on repeat.
I have this specialty: I always spoil everything.
I have this under control.
I have this urge to look out the window.
I have thought about ghosts many times.
I have thousands of Facebook friends.
I have thousands of browser tabs, and counting, open at all times. My hoarding instinct knows no bounds and my computer knows no relief.
I have three DUIs.
I have three French books.
I have three French textbooks.
I have three French-English dictionaries.
I have three adult children.
I have three alarm clocks so as not to oversleep.
I have three aunts.
I have three bars.
I have three beautiful granddaughters.
I have three books.
I have three brothers and four sisters.
I have three brothers and three sisters.
I have three brothers and two sisters.
I have three brothers who used to work in Australia.
I have three brothers who used to work in Boston.
I have three brothers, what about you?
I have three brothers-in-law in my extended family.
I have three brothers.
I have three brothers. One lives in Japan and the other two live abroad.
I have three brothers; one is pilot, another a diplomat and the other a carpenter.
I have three brothers; one lives in Japan, and the others abroad.
I have three cameras.
I have three cars.
I have three cats and three dogs.
I have three cats.
I have three chickens in my house.
I have three children to raise.
I have three children to support.
I have three children.
I have three choices.
I have three close friends, one of whom is a lawyer.
I have three college degrees.
I have three computers.
I have three cousins in Australia.
I have three cousins in Boston.
I have three cousins on my mother's side.
I have three cousins on my mother’s side.
I have three cousins.
I have three cows.
I have three daughters to marry off.
I have three daughters.
I have three dogs and three cats.
I have three dogs at home.
I have three dogs.
I have three dogs. One is male and the other two are female.
I have three dogs. One male and two female.
I have three dogs. One of them is male and the other two are female.
I have three dogs; one is male and the others are female.
I have three dollars left.
I have three elder and two younger siblings.
I have three employees working for me.
I have three ex-wives.
I have three exams at the end of the year.
I have three exams tomorrow.
I have three external hard drives.
I have three friends named Tom.
I have three friends that often drop by on Saturdays.
I have three friends who can speak English.
I have three friends who can speak French.
I have three goldfish.
I have three grandchildren.
I have three great-grandchildren.
I have three grown sons.
I have three handsome teenage sons.
I have three horses.
I have three hours to finish writing this report.
I have three hundred baskets of lily blossoms.
I have three hundred dollars in cash.
I have three kids at home.
I have three kids.
I have three legs.
I have three little girls.
I have three lives; I can lose up to two.
I have three meetings tomorrow.
I have three million dollars.
I have three missed calls.
I have three mobile phones.
I have three months left on my contract.
I have three more pages to go.
I have three more questions.
I have three more weeks.
I have three nephews.
I have three nieces.
I have three of them.
I have three of these left.
I have three older brothers.
I have three older sisters.
I have three options for you.
I have three options.
I have three pages left.
I have three pairs of shoes.
I have three partners.
I have three pets.
I have three pieces of baggage.
I have three points on my licence.
I have three priorities.
I have three questions for you.
I have three questions.
I have three riddles you must answer.
I have three roommates.
I have three siblings.
I have three sisters and a brother.
I have three sisters.
I have three sisters. One is a nurse, and the other two are students.
I have three sisters. One is a nurse, and the other two, students.
I have three sisters; one is a nurse and the others are students.
I have three sons.
I have three sons. One is in New York, but the others are in London.
I have three teenage children.
I have three teenage daughters.
I have three teenagers.
I have three tests tomorrow.
I have three tickets for it.
I have three tickets.
I have three times as many books as Tom does.
I have three times as many books as Tom.
I have three times as many books as he does.
I have three times as many books as he.
I have three times as many books as him.
I have three times as many books as she has.
I have three times as many books as you do.
I have three times as many books as you have.
I have three times as many stamps as Tom does.
I have three times as much money as you.
I have three times more books than Tom has.
I have three times more books than he has.
I have three times more books than you do.
I have three times more money than you do.
I have three uncles.
I have three unpublished manuscripts.
I have three very close friends.
I have three volunteers who are helping me do that.
I have three weeks left to do that.
I have three weeks left until my departure, and so far I still don't have a visa.
I have three weeks of vacation.
I have three years left until retirement.
I have three years of experience.
I have three young children.
I have three young kids.
I have three younger brothers and two younger sisters.
I have three younger brothers.
I have three younger sisters.
I have three younger sisters?
I have throat cancer.
I have thrown away the old newspapers.
I have thyroid cancer.
I have tickets to sell.
I have tickets.
I have time for ten attempts.
I have time if you do.
I have time now.
I have time on Monday.
I have time to do that now.
I have time to do that right now.
I have time to do that this week.
I have time to do that today.
I have time to eat now.
I have time to have lunch and relax.
I have time to spare.
I have time to wait.
I have time tomorrow evening between five and six.
I have time tomorrow morning.
I have time, so I'll do it.
I have time, so I’ll do it.
I have time.
I have to -- oh God oh great -- remember such a string of numbers, great famous Archimedes, help the suffering, give him the power, let him recite by heart those famous, and yet for us irritating, ah, numbers of Ludolph!
I have to accept whatever comes my way.
I have to acknowledge that I am a lesbian.
I have to acknowledge that you'd forewarned me, and I should have listened.
I have to act now.
I have to add something.
I have to add this.
I have to admit I enjoyed it.
I have to admit I never thought of that.
I have to admit I was pretty worried.
I have to admit I was proud.
I have to admit I was starting to feel a little sorry for myself.
I have to admit I was very surprised that this was a 15 year old writing this and I have to admit my curiosity was piqued.
I have to admit I was worried about it.
I have to admit I was wrong.
I have to admit I'm a bit stingy.
I have to admit I'm a little anxious.
I have to admit I'm a little hesitant about asking Tom for help.
I have to admit I'm curious.
I have to admit I'm having fun.
I have to admit I'm impressed.
I have to admit I'm interested.
I have to admit I'm intrigued.
I have to admit I'm pretty hungry.
I have to admit I'm pretty impressed.
I have to admit I'm pretty sleepy.
I have to admit it's very tempting.
I have to admit something to you.
I have to admit that I am not a good person.
I have to admit that I don't really like Tom.
I have to admit that I enjoyed it.
I have to admit that I expect a lot from the future, because we have already made such a good start.
I have to admit that I have developed a special place in my heart for the German people.
I have to admit that I liked her.
I have to admit that I liked him.
I have to admit that I liked it.
I have to admit that I never thought of that.
I have to admit that I really loved that movie.
I have to admit that I was proud.
I have to admit that I was starting to feel a little sorry for myself.
I have to admit that I was worried about it.
I have to admit that I was wrong.
I have to admit that I wasn't looking forward to this.
I have to admit that I'm a bit stingy.
I have to admit that I'm a little anxious.
I have to admit that I'm a little hesitant about asking Tom for help.
I have to admit that I'm curious.
I have to admit that I'm impressed.
I have to admit that I'm interested.
I have to admit that I'm intrigued.
I have to admit that I'm pretty impressed.
I have to admit that I'm pretty thirsty.
I have to admit that I'm pretty tired.
I have to admit that I've never done that.
I have to admit that I've never enjoyed doing that.
I have to admit that I've really been looking forward to doing this.
I have to admit that I've really been looking forward to this.
I have to admit that Tom was right.
I have to admit that at first I didn't believe you.
I have to admit that doing this was a good idea.
I have to admit that hanging out with Tom all day was more fun than I expected.
I have to admit that he is right.
I have to admit that it feels good to be back here again.
I have to admit that it was exciting.
I have to admit that it's very tempting.
I have to admit that never occurred to me.
I have to admit that that never occurred to me.
I have to admit that when I first met Tom, I didn't like him.
I have to admit that when you first told me that you loved me, I didn't believe you.
I have to admit that you were right.
I have to admit that you're right.
I have to admit that's true.
I have to admit the resemblance is striking.
I have to admit you were right.
I have to admit you're right.
I have to admit, I don’t like her at all.
I have to admit, I got hurt.
I have to agree with Tom on this one.
I have to agree with Tom.
I have to agree with her.
I have to agree with him.
I have to agree with them.
I have to agree with this.
I have to agree with you as well.
I have to agree with you on this.
I have to agree with you.
I have to agree.
I have to alter my clothes because I've lost weight.
I have to alter my clothes because I’ve lost weight.
I have to analyze the market trends.
I have to answer her letter.
I have to answer his letter.
I have to answer the phone.
I have to answer this letter right away.
I have to apologise to her.
I have to apologize to Ann.
I have to apologize to Tom.
I have to apologize to her.
I have to apologize to him.
I have to apologize to them.
I have to apologize.
I have to arrange my hair.
I have to arrive at work at least fifteen minutes before my shift starts.
I have to arrive home before 19:00 tonight.
I have to ask Tom a question.
I have to ask Tom first.
I have to ask Tom something.
I have to ask Tom to do that.
I have to ask Tom to help us.
I have to ask for help and advice.
I have to ask for peace.
I have to ask her first.
I have to ask her something.
I have to ask her to behave yourself appropriately to the situation.
I have to ask her to help us.
I have to ask him a question.
I have to ask him first.
I have to ask him something.
I have to ask him to help us.
I have to ask mom.
I have to ask my dad for permission.
I have to ask my husband.
I have to ask my parents for permission.
I have to ask them first.
I have to ask them something.
I have to ask them to help us.
I have to ask you a few questions.
I have to ask you a question.
I have to ask you a really important question.
I have to ask you a very important question.
I have to ask you about Tom.
I have to ask you about her.
I have to ask you about him.
I have to ask you about them.
I have to ask you some personal questions that you may not want to answer.
I have to ask you some questions.
I have to ask you something.
I have to ask you to do something that may be dangerous.
I have to ask you to leave.
I have to ask.
I have to assign more men to that work.
I have to at least try.
I have to attain my purpose at all costs.
I have to attend a meeting this afternoon.
I have to attend a meeting.
I have to attend mass.
I have to attend the meeting.
I have to attend the reunion.
I have to attend this class.
I have to bathe the cat today.
I have to be able to do it!
I have to be absent from school for the moment.
I have to be absent from school next week.
I have to be aggressive.
I have to be at a singing audition tomorrow.
I have to be at an audition tomorrow.
I have to be at that meeting.
I have to be at the station at nine.
I have to be at the station at three o'clock.
I have to be at the station at three o’clock.
I have to be at the station by 2:30.
I have to be at work at a quarter to eight.
I have to be at work in three hours.
I have to be back by 2:30.
I have to be back here by next Monday.
I have to be back home by seven.
I have to be back in Australia by Monday.
I have to be back in Boston by Monday.
I have to be careful from now on.
I have to be careful.
I have to be completely frank.
I have to be hallucinating.
I have to be here all night.
I have to be here by Monday.
I have to be here tomorrow.
I have to be here until Monday.
I have to be here.
I have to be home before eight o'clock.
I have to be home by 2:30 this afternoon.
I have to be home by 2:30.
I have to be home by dinner.
I have to be home by ten.
I have to be home for dinner.
I have to be home no later than 2:30.
I have to be home tonight before it gets dark.
I have to be honest with Tom.
I have to be honest with you.
I have to be honest. I was a little bit nervous the first time I had an MRI scan.
I have to be impartial.
I have to be in Australia all next week.
I have to be in Australia by Monday.
I have to be in Australia next Monday to attend an important meeting.
I have to be in Australia next Monday.
I have to be in Australia on Monday.
I have to be in Australia on the 20th of next month.
I have to be in Boston all next week.
I have to be in Boston by 2:30 tomorrow.
I have to be in Boston by Monday.
I have to be in Boston in the morning.
I have to be in Boston next Monday to attend an important meeting.
I have to be in Boston on Monday.
I have to be in Boston tomorrow.
I have to be in court at 2:30.
I have to be on my way now.
I have to be on time.
I have to be optimistic.
I have to be out of the office tomorrow.
I have to be out of the office until 2:30.
I have to be punished.
I have to be someplace else at 2:30.
I have to be somewhere at 6.30.
I have to be there at 2:30.
I have to be there at nine.
I have to be there before seven.
I have to be there by 2:30.
I have to be there by 7:00.
I have to be there by Monday.
I have to be there for my family.
I have to be there tomorrow morning.
I have to be there.
I have to be up at six.
I have to be up by 6:30.
I have to be up early tomorrow morning, so I'm going to bed.
I have to be very careful, Tom.
I have to be very careful.
I have to beat my brains out to understand math.
I have to believe it, since you say so.
I have to bite into the sour apple and tell her the truth.
I have to blow my nose all the time.
I have to bone up on my physics.
I have to book a hotel room.
I have to borrow a ruler from the teacher.
I have to borrow some money.
I have to break her of the habit.
I have to breast-feed my baby.
I have to brush my hat.
I have to brush my teeth.
I have to brush up my French before I go to Paris to study.
I have to build a house for her parents.
I have to build muscle.
I have to burn the midnight oil tonight.
I have to button my jacket.
I have to buy Christmas gifts.
I have to buy Tom a gift.
I have to buy a Berber dictionary.
I have to buy a Christmas present for my grandmother.
I have to buy a café one day.
I have to buy a café sometime.
I have to buy a car this weekend.
I have to buy a gift for Tom.
I have to buy a new battery for my car.
I have to buy a new battery for my watch.
I have to buy a new carpet for my room.
I have to buy a new carpet for this room.
I have to buy a new colander.
I have to buy a new computer.
I have to buy a new pair of shoes.
I have to buy a new pair of skis.
I have to buy a new rug for the room.
I have to buy a new scanner.
I have to buy a new suit for my son.
I have to buy a pair of boots.
I have to buy a pair of shoes.
I have to buy dog ​​food.
I have to buy flowers for my girlfriend.
I have to buy flowers for my love.
I have to buy food and drinks for the party we're giving this evening.
I have to buy gas.
I have to buy gluten-free pasta because my friend is coming over to eat.
I have to buy it, but it is too expensive.
I have to buy mayonnaise and soy sauce.
I have to buy one of these.
I have to buy one tomorrow.
I have to buy one.
I have to buy petrol.
I have to buy shoes.
I have to buy some Christmas presents.
I have to buy some food.
I have to buy some medicine for Tom.
I have to buy some medicine for my mother.
I have to buy some new clothes next week.
I have to buy some new shoes.
I have to buy some swarfs.
I have to buy something for Tom.
I have to buy this medicine.
I have to call Tom again.
I have to call Tom to get permission to do that.
I have to call Tom.
I have to call a tow truck.
I have to call her.
I have to call him.
I have to call my father.
I have to call somebody.
I have to call someone now.
I have to call someone.
I have to call the administration department.
I have to call the cops.
I have to call the police.
I have to call them.
I have to cancel a previous engagement.
I have to cancel my dentist appointment.
I have to cancel our lesson today.
I have to cancel.
I have to catch a connecting flight.
I have to catch a plane in three hours.
I have to catch that train.
I have to catch the bus.
I have to catch the early train tomorrow.
I have to catch the next bus to Bejaia.
I have to catch the two o'clock bus.
I have to catch up the lost time.
I have to change a string on the guitar.
I have to change buses two times.
I have to change clothes.
I have to change into my work clothes.
I have to change it.
I have to change my clothes.
I have to change my habits.
I have to change my mobile banking passwords every three months.
I have to change my profile picture.
I have to change planes in Boston.
I have to change schools.
I have to change that.
I have to change the baby's nappy.
I have to change the batteries in the radio.
I have to change the battery of my transistor radio.
I have to change the lightbulbs.
I have to change the sapphire of my phonograph.
I have to change the shock absorbers.
I have to change the water for the flowers.
I have to change the world now.
I have to change tires.
I have to change trains in Hamburg.
I have to change trains in Madrid.
I have to change.
I have to charge my mobile phone.
I have to charge the battery of my car.
I have to check and see what the contract says.
I have to check it.
I have to check my inbox.
I have to check my letter box.
I have to check my mailbox.
I have to check the tire pressure.
I have to check with Tom first.
I have to check with her first.
I have to check with him first.
I have to check with them first.
I have to check.
I have to choose between career and family.
I have to choose between the two.
I have to choose between these two.
I have to choose my words very carefully.
I have to choose wisely.
I have to choose.
I have to clean my home.
I have to clean my house today.
I have to clean my room every day.
I have to clean my room.
I have to clean my room. I can't live in such a mess anymore.
I have to clean my teeth.
I have to clean out the garage.
I have to clean that up.
I have to clean the BBQ grill.
I have to clean the bathroom.
I have to clean the ceiling fans.
I have to clean the equipment, pack it away.
I have to clean the fish tank.
I have to clean the gutters.
I have to clean the house.
I have to clean the oven.
I have to clean the pool.
I have to clean the refrigerator.
I have to clean the shower curtains.
I have to clean the toilet.
I have to clean the windows.
I have to clean the windowsills.
I have to clean up my apartment.
I have to clear my throat often.
I have to clear the garden.
I have to climb this mountain.
I have to close the windows.
I have to close this deal within a week.
I have to close this transaction within a week.
I have to comb my hair.
I have to come back here tomorrow.
I have to come here every year.
I have to come on Monday.
I have to come tomorrow.
I have to come.
I have to commend you for your dedication to the cause.
I have to comment on this article.
I have to commute all the way from a distant suburb.
I have to complain about Tom.
I have to complete a paper on the Japanese economy.
I have to complete it as soon as possible.
I have to complete my geography project.
I have to complete my science experiment.
I have to complete the lab experiment.
I have to concentrate on my work.
I have to conclude this deal within a week.
I have to conclude this transaction within a week.
I have to confess I don't know very much about string theory.
I have to confess honestly that I can't play chess.
I have to confess something.
I have to confess to you that I snore.
I have to consider every possibility.
I have to contact Tom again.
I have to contact Tom.
I have to convince Tom to go with us.
I have to convince her to come.
I have to convince him to come.
I have to convince people to do that.
I have to convince them to come.
I have to cook dinner today.
I have to cook dinner.
I have to cook the vegetables.
I have to cooperate with Tom.
I have to correct this article.
I have to cover his loss.
I have to create a new site.
I have to create a new website.
I have to cross the city every day to go to work.
I have to cut Tom's hair.
I have to cut down some trees.
I have to cut the wood.
I have to dance with you today.
I have to deal with Tom.
I have to deal with her.
I have to deal with him.
I have to deal with that on my own.
I have to deal with that soon.
I have to deal with that tomorrow.
I have to deal with that.
I have to deal with them.
I have to deal with this alone.
I have to deal with this issue.
I have to deal with this myself.
I have to deal with this now.
I have to decide what to do.
I have to decline.
I have to defeat him.
I have to defend it because it’s my house.
I have to defend myself.
I have to delete many files from my computer.
I have to deliver it.
I have to deliver this package to Tom Jackson.
I have to deny that request.
I have to deny your request.
I have to design a new flier for the film.
I have to design a new flier for the movie.
I have to design a new poster for the film.
I have to design a new poster for the movie.
I have to disagree here.
I have to disagree with you.
I have to disagree.
I have to disassemble this engine.
I have to discharge my duty.
I have to disconnect from the chat.
I have to dismiss Ken.
I have to do a better job.
I have to do a little research.
I have to do a lot of things.
I have to do better than that next time.
I have to do everything myself.
I have to do it again.
I have to do it all over again.
I have to do it anyway.
I have to do it by myself.
I have to do it for Tom.
I have to do it myself.
I have to do it now.
I have to do it one more time.
I have to do it today.
I have to do it!
I have to do it.
I have to do it. I promised Tom that I would.
I have to do laundry today.
I have to do laundry while it's still sunny.
I have to do laundry while it’s still sunny.
I have to do my best.
I have to do my hair.
I have to do my homework instead of going out.
I have to do my homework.
I have to do my job.
I have to do my laundry today.
I have to do right by him.
I have to do some more research.
I have to do some retraining before I am at the skill I was before.
I have to do some work.
I have to do something I don't want to do.
I have to do something about that.
I have to do something before it's too late.
I have to do something else first.
I have to do something else now.
I have to do something first.
I have to do something for Tom.
I have to do something to help Tom.
I have to do something while I still can.
I have to do something with Tom tomorrow.
I have to do something with these radishes.
I have to do something with this eggplant.
I have to do something, guys.
I have to do something.
I have to do taxes.
I have to do that again.
I have to do that as soon as possible.
I have to do that before 2:30.
I have to do that before I can go home today.
I have to do that before I can go home.
I have to do that before I go home.
I have to do that before Monday.
I have to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
I have to do that before Tom gets here.
I have to do that by Monday.
I have to do that by myself.
I have to do that by tomorrow.
I have to do that even though I don't want to.
I have to do that every afternoon.
I have to do that every day to keep living.
I have to do that every morning.
I have to do that every single time.
I have to do that immediately.
I have to do that myself.
I have to do that now.
I have to do that on Monday.
I have to do that on my own.
I have to do that pretty soon.
I have to do that right away.
I have to do that right now.
I have to do that sometime today.
I have to do that sometimes, too.
I have to do that soon.
I have to do that today.
I have to do that tomorrow.
I have to do that, too.
I have to do that.
I have to do the best I can.
I have to do the math.
I have to do the maths.
I have to do the same thing.
I have to do the washing while it's still sunny.
I have to do this again.
I have to do this alone.
I have to do this before class.
I have to do this by myself.
I have to do this every day.
I have to do this for her own good.
I have to do this!
I have to do this.
I have to do three years of Berber.
I have to do what I think is best for us.
I have to do what I think is best.
I have to do what I've been told to do.
I have to do what's right.
I have to do whatever Tom and Mary tell me to do.
I have to do whatever Tom tells me to do.
I have to dress up.
I have to drink this medicine.
I have to drink.
I have to drive Tom away.
I have to drive the car to the workshop for repairs.
I have to drive this car.
I have to drive to Denmark tomorrow.
I have to dry my hair, put on makeup and get dressed.
I have to dry my hair.
I have to earn a living.
I have to earn money.
I have to earn some money so that I can afford a computer.
I have to eat dinner with my boss tonight.
I have to eat first.
I have to eat less because I'm too fat.
I have to eat lunch.
I have to eat my lunch.
I have to eat now.
I have to eat something before I faint.
I have to eat something now.
I have to eat something, I'll be right back.
I have to eat something.
I have to eat soon.
I have to eat today.
I have to eat, too.
I have to eat.
I have to edit the report.
I have to emphasize this point for clarity.
I have to escape.
I have to examine you.
I have to excuse myself to Ann.
I have to exercise.
I have to explain everything to Tom.
I have to explain that to Tom.
I have to explain the reason.
I have to explain this to Tom.
I have to explain this to her.
I have to explain this to him.
I have to explain this to them.
I have to explain.
I have to face my demons.
I have to face reality.
I have to feed a lot of hungry mouths at home.
I have to feed him and burp him.
I have to feed my cat.
I have to feed my dog.
I have to feed the chickens.
I have to fell this tree.
I have to fight.
I have to figure it out by myself.
I have to figure out how to do that.
I have to figure out what Tom really wants me to do.
I have to figure this out on my own.
I have to file a report.
I have to fill in for Tom at the store.
I have to find Tom now.
I have to find Tom.
I have to find a faster route.
I have to find a new job.
I have to find a part-time job.
I have to find a phone booth.
I have to find a solution to that problem.
I have to find a solution.
I have to find a way out of here.
I have to find a way to earn a lot of money.
I have to find a way to help Tom.
I have to find a way to make a lot of money.
I have to find another job.
I have to find another one.
I have to find her now.
I have to find her.
I have to find him now.
I have to find him.
I have to find it at all costs!
I have to find it.
I have to find my dog.
I have to find my key.
I have to find my pen.
I have to find out more about that.
I have to find out the truth.
I have to find out what happened to Tom.
I have to find out what killed Tom.
I have to find out what that music is.
I have to find out what's going to happen.
I have to find out when Tom and Mary plan to leave.
I have to find out when Tom plans to leave.
I have to find out where Tom lives.
I have to find out where Tom went yesterday.
I have to find out who killed Tom.
I have to find out why Tom died.
I have to find some new friends.
I have to find somebody to do that for me.
I have to find somebody to help me do that.
I have to find someone to do that for me.
I have to find someone to help me do that.
I have to find someone to help me.
I have to find that.
I have to find the antidote.
I have to find the key.
I have to find the perfect place.
I have to find them now.
I have to find them.
I have to find this.
I have to finish cleaning it up.
I have to finish cleaning my room.
I have to finish doing that today.
I have to finish doing this before 2:30.
I have to finish doing this by 2:30.
I have to finish doing this by tomorrow.
I have to finish it.
I have to finish my book.
I have to finish my homework before dinner.
I have to finish my homework.
I have to finish packing.
I have to finish painting the office by Friday.
I have to finish reading that book by tomorrow.
I have to finish reading this book by next Monday.
I have to finish the work by 2:30.
I have to finish the work by four o'clock.
I have to finish the work by four o’clock.
I have to finish these texts for my Berber class.
I have to finish this by 2:30.
I have to finish this by the end of the day.
I have to finish this by tomorrow.
I have to finish this first.
I have to finish this job by tomorrow.
I have to finish this report by next Monday.
I have to finish this.
I have to finish tidying my room.
I have to finish up some things before I go.
I have to finish what I started.
I have to finish writing the book I'm working on.
I have to finish writing this essay by tomorrow.
I have to finish writing this report by 2:30.
I have to fire Tom.
I have to fire her.
I have to fire him.
I have to fire them.
I have to fix a mistake.
I have to fix it.
I have to fix my flat tire before I can resume cycling.
I have to fix my leaky ceiling.
I have to fix the leaky faucet.
I have to fix the squeaky door.
I have to fix the washing machine.
I have to fix this.
I have to fly between franchises.
I have to fly to Boston.
I have to forgive myself.
I have to form the habit of getting up early.
I have to get Sami out of here.
I have to get Tom a present.
I have to get Tom home.
I have to get Tom out of here.
I have to get Tom ready.
I have to get Tom's lunch ready.
I have to get Tom.
I have to get a dress.
I have to get a drink.
I have to get a haircut soon.
I have to get a high level of attention from my production team.
I have to get a little sleep.
I have to get a message to Tom.
I have to get a new computer account.
I have to get a new computer.
I have to get a passport.
I have to get a present for Tom.
I have to get an affidavit notarized at the consulate to prove that I'm eligible to be married and that I'm not getting married against my will.
I have to get away from here.
I have to get away from this place.
I have to get back home and study for a test.
I have to get back home and study for an exam.
I have to get back home and study.
I have to get back home today.
I have to get back home.
I have to get back to Australia.
I have to get back to Boston.
I have to get back to my office.
I have to get back to work now.
I have to get back to work.
I have to get better soon.
I have to get changed for work.
I have to get dressed now.
I have to get dressed.
I have to get going, even though it's raining heavily.
I have to get going.
I have to get her back.
I have to get her home.
I have to get her out of here.
I have to get her.
I have to get him home.
I have to get him out of here.
I have to get him.
I have to get home and get some sleep.
I have to get home before 2:30.
I have to get home before dark.
I have to get home before it gets dark.
I have to get home before the sun sets.
I have to get home by Monday.
I have to get home on Monday.
I have to get home to strangle my little brother.
I have to get home.
I have to get in touch with Tom.
I have to get it back.
I have to get it repaired as soon as possible.
I have to get more sleep.
I have to get moving.
I have to get my car painted.
I have to get my computer repaired.
I have to get my head shrunk.
I have to get my house painted.
I have to get my teeth fixed.
I have to get my watch repaired.
I have to get my windshield replaced in order to pass inspection.
I have to get my windshield wipers replaced.
I have to get off at the next station.
I have to get off at the next stop.
I have to get on that train.
I have to get on the train for Varna not for Vidin.
I have to get out of here before I do something I'll regret.
I have to get out of here right away.
I have to get out of here.
I have to get out of this house, or I'll go crazy!
I have to get out of this mess.
I have to get out of this situation.
I have to get out once in a while.
I have to get ready for a date.
I have to get ready for class.
I have to get ready for school.
I have to get ready for the meeting.
I have to get ready for the party.
I have to get ready for work.
I have to get ready to go to school.
I have to get ready.
I have to get rid of all this stuff.
I have to get some food.
I have to get some milk.
I have to get some money out of the bank.
I have to get some money.
I have to get some more sleep.
I have to get some new clothes.
I have to get some sleep.
I have to get someone to come and repair my television.
I have to get something of mine.
I have to get something to eat.
I have to get something.
I have to get started.
I have to get stronger.
I have to get supplies.
I have to get sutures.
I have to get tested now.
I have to get tested.
I have to get that back.
I have to get that.
I have to get the laundry dried.
I have to get the park before Tom leaves.
I have to get them a present.
I have to get them help us.
I have to get them home.
I have to get them out of here.
I have to get them to a doctor.
I have to get them.
I have to get there quickly.
I have to get this done before I can go home.
I have to get this done today.
I have to get this door opened.
I have to get this finished by 2:30.
I have to get this repaired.
I have to get this spade fixed.
I have to get this work done by the day after tomorrow.
I have to get through with the work by tomorrow.
I have to get to Boston.
I have to get to Tom.
I have to get to class.
I have to get to school.
I have to get to sleep! I've got classes tomorrow.
I have to get to sleep! I’ve got classes tomorrow.
I have to get to the airport.
I have to get to the bank before is closes.
I have to get to the hospital.
I have to get to the station before 2:30.
I have to get to work early tomorrow.
I have to get to work.
I have to get up anyway.
I have to get up anyways.
I have to get up at six.
I have to get up early every day this week.
I have to get up early in the morning.
I have to get up early tomorrow morning, so I plan to go to bed early tonight.
I have to get up early tomorrow morning.
I have to get up early tomorrow.
I have to get up early tomorrow. Can you give me a call at six?
I have to get up early, even on Sundays.
I have to get up early.
I have to get up pretty early tomorrow.
I have to get up quite early tomorrow.
I have to get up two hours earlier just to spend the whole day in the office for a 30-to-45-minute meeting I could have had by webcam.
I have to get up very early tomorrow morning.
I have to get up very early tomorrow, so I have to go to bed on time.
I have to get used to doing this.
I have to get used to it first.
I have to get used to it.
I have to get you home.
I have to get you out of here.
I have to give Mary what she wants.
I have to give Tom a chance.
I have to give Tom something.
I have to give Tom this book.
I have to give Tom what he wants.
I have to give a class tomorrow at 2:30.
I have to give a speech in French next Monday.
I have to give a speech in French.
I have to give a testimony in the courtroom tomorrow.
I have to give back the book before Saturday.
I have to give birth here.
I have to give her a chance.
I have to give him a chance.
I have to give in to his order.
I have to give it back anyway.
I have to give it back tonight.
I have to give it to Aaron.
I have to give it to Tom.
I have to give it to him.
I have to give my speech in French.
I have to give myself up to study for my final exams.
I have to give myself up to studying for final exams.
I have to give piano lessons tomorrow afternoon.
I have to give something to Tom.
I have to give the money back to Tom.
I have to give them a chance.
I have to give this book to Mary.
I have to give this book to Tom.
I have to give you a chance.
I have to give you an anal exam.
I have to give you major props for making such an honest statement.
I have to go alone.
I have to go and buy a newspaper.
I have to go and buy some food.
I have to go and buy something to eat.
I have to go and get some food.
I have to go and get some money.
I have to go and have an X-ray tomorrow.
I have to go and see what Tom and Mary want.
I have to go and see what Tom wants.
I have to go and tell Tom what to do.
I have to go ask Tom.
I have to go ask a question.
I have to go ask her.
I have to go ask him.
I have to go ask them.
I have to go away for a while.
I have to go away urgently.
I have to go away.
I have to go back for them.
I have to go back home now.
I have to go back into the cave to rescue my dog.
I have to go back now.
I have to go back square one.
I have to go back to Algeria.
I have to go back to Australia in October.
I have to go back to Australia the week after next.
I have to go back to Australia.
I have to go back to Boston next week.
I have to go back to Boston tomorrow.
I have to go back to Boston.
I have to go back to my house and get my things.
I have to go back to my office.
I have to go back to the hospital next Monday.
I have to go back to the office.
I have to go back to the shop to exchange a dress that does not suit me.
I have to go back to work now.
I have to go back to work.
I have to go back.
I have to go buy some food.
I have to go change.
I have to go do something with Tom.
I have to go do that today.
I have to go do this.
I have to go downtown tomorrow afternoon.
I have to go downtown.
I have to go early tomorrow.
I have to go eat.
I have to go even if it rains cats and dogs.
I have to go even if it rains.
I have to go even though I don't want to.
I have to go feed the chickens.
I have to go find Tom.
I have to go find her.
I have to go find him.
I have to go find my girlfriend.
I have to go find them.
I have to go first.
I have to go get Tom.
I have to go get her.
I have to go get him.
I have to go get it.
I have to go get my axe sharpened.
I have to go get my hair cut.
I have to go get some food.
I have to go get some jars from the cellar.
I have to go get them.
I have to go help Tom get some things done.
I have to go help Tom.
I have to go help her.
I have to go help him.
I have to go help them.
I have to go home a bit earlier today.
I have to go home a little early today.
I have to go home already.
I have to go home and change.
I have to go home and do my homework.
I have to go home and get a good night's sleep.
I have to go home and get ready for Tom's birthday party.
I have to go home early today.
I have to go home immediately.
I have to go home now.
I have to go home right away.
I have to go home right now.
I have to go home to be with my children.
I have to go home.
I have to go inside and do my homework.
I have to go look for Thomas at school.
I have to go meet Tom at the mall.
I have to go meet Tom.
I have to go meet with Tom.
I have to go meet with her.
I have to go meet with him.
I have to go meet with them.
I have to go myself.
I have to go now, I'm very hungry.
I have to go now, but I'll be back soon.
I have to go now, but I'll be back tomorrow.
I have to go now, but I'll be here tomorrow.
I have to go now, my little one.
I have to go now.
I have to go now. Bye!
I have to go now. Did you see where I put my things?
I have to go now. I have a plane to catch.
I have to go number one.
I have to go number two.
I have to go off because I have an appointment with a friend.
I have to go on a diet to lose weight.
I have to go on a diet.
I have to go on with my life.
I have to go out again later this afternoon.
I have to go out now.
I have to go out to the newsstand to get a newspaper.
I have to go out.
I have to go pack.
I have to go pee-pee.
I have to go pee.
I have to go pick my kids up.
I have to go pick up Tom from school.
I have to go pick up my kids.
I have to go pick up the kids.
I have to go pretty soon.
I have to go see Tom.
I have to go see her.
I have to go see him.
I have to go see them.
I have to go see what Tom wants.
I have to go shop for a wedding dress with my mom and my sister tomorrow morning because it's my cousin's wedding soon.
I have to go shopping today.
I have to go shopping with Tom.
I have to go shopping.
I have to go shopping. I will come back in an hour.
I have to go shopping. I'll be back in an hour.
I have to go shopping. I’ll be back in an hour.
I have to go shopping; I'll be back in an hour.
I have to go shopping; I’ll be back in an hour.
I have to go soon because I left the engine running.
I have to go soon.
I have to go talk to Tom.
I have to go talk to her.
I have to go talk to him.
I have to go talk to the manager.
I have to go talk to them.
I have to go tell Tom about what happened.
I have to go tell Tom.
I have to go tell her.
I have to go tell him.
I have to go tell them.
I have to go the bathroom.
I have to go there for my father.
I have to go there immediately.
I have to go there myself.
I have to go there straight away.
I have to go there.
I have to go through my bedtime ritual.
I have to go through the task by tomorrow.
I have to go to Algeria.
I have to go to Australia by myself.
I have to go to Australia next month.
I have to go to Australia the day after tomorrow.
I have to go to Australia with Tom.
I have to go to Australia.
I have to go to Berber class.
I have to go to Boston by myself.
I have to go to Boston next Monday.
I have to go to Boston on urgent business.
I have to go to Boston the day after tomorrow.
I have to go to Boston today.
I have to go to Boston with Tom.
I have to go to Boston.
I have to go to Denmark tomorrow.
I have to go to French class.
I have to go to Kabylie, Algeria.
I have to go to London sometime between now and August.
I have to go to Tom's office later today.
I have to go to a funeral today.
I have to go to a funeral tomorrow.
I have to go to a meeting now.
I have to go to a meeting.
I have to go to a special meeting.
I have to go to a stupid party with Tom and his stupid friends.
I have to go to a wedding tomorrow.
I have to go to band rehearsal.
I have to go to bed now.
I have to go to bed.
I have to go to college.
I have to go to cram school.
I have to go to hospital tomorrow.
I have to go to hospital.
I have to go to mass.
I have to go to my afternoon class.
I have to go to my cousin's baptism.
I have to go to my office.
I have to go to rehab.
I have to go to school now.
I have to go to school today.
I have to go to school, even though it is so cheerful out in the forest.
I have to go to school.
I have to go to sleep.
I have to go to sleep. You should know, I need to sleep early.
I have to go to the airport for Mom.
I have to go to the airport to meet Tom.
I have to go to the airport to meet my cousin.
I have to go to the airport to meet my family.
I have to go to the airport.
I have to go to the bank now.
I have to go to the bank this morning.
I have to go to the bank today.
I have to go to the bank.
I have to go to the bathroom.
I have to go to the butcher shop to buy some meat.
I have to go to the city.
I have to go to the cloakroom first.
I have to go to the dentist after school today.
I have to go to the dentist after school.
I have to go to the dentist this afternoon.
I have to go to the dentist tomorrow.
I have to go to the dentist.
I have to go to the doctor this afternoon. Would you please pass that on to our teacher?
I have to go to the doctor today.
I have to go to the doctor.
I have to go to the drugstore.
I have to go to the hospital tomorrow.
I have to go to the hospital.
I have to go to the library with Tom.
I have to go to the library.
I have to go to the little boys' room.
I have to go to the men's room.
I have to go to the morgue.
I have to go to the mosque.
I have to go to the office now.
I have to go to the office.
I have to go to the pharmacy.
I have to go to the police station.
I have to go to the police.
I have to go to the repair shop tomorrow.
I have to go to the salon and get my roots touched up.
I have to go to the station at once.
I have to go to the station at three o'clock.
I have to go to the station right away.
I have to go to the station to meet Tom.
I have to go to the store first.
I have to go to the store to buy some shampoo and toothpaste.
I have to go to the toilet.
I have to go to the washroom.
I have to go to town.
I have to go to work again tomorrow.
I have to go to work at eight in the morning.
I have to go to work early tomorrow.
I have to go to work now.
I have to go to work.
I have to go up to our room and I forgot my key.
I have to go upstairs.
I have to go warn Tom.
I have to go with Tom.
I have to go with you.
I have to go work.
I have to go, Sweetheart.
I have to go, although I don't want to.
I have to go, but I'll talk to you soon!
I have to go, it's late!
I have to go, it’s late!
I have to go, otherwise I'll arrive late.
I have to go, too.
I have to go.
I have to go. I have other things to do.
I have to go. It's getting dark.
I have to go. It's getting late.
I have to go. My father is waiting for me outside.
I have to go. Take care!
I have to go. There's someone waiting for me.
I have to go; my father is waiting for me outside.
I have to go; my wife is waiting for me.
I have to google something.
I have to hand in my report by next Wednesday.
I have to hand it in.
I have to hand it to Tom.
I have to hand it to him, he never gives up.
I have to hang up.
I have to have a little chat with Tom.
I have to have an interview before taking the examination.
I have to have faith that things will get better for me or else I'll lose my mind.
I have to have it.
I have to have more confidence.
I have to have that car.
I have to have that.
I have to head out now.
I have to help Mary.
I have to help Mother.
I have to help Tom and Mary do that.
I have to help Tom and Mary move a piano.
I have to help Tom clean his room.
I have to help Tom clean out the garage.
I have to help Tom clean up his room.
I have to help Tom do something tomorrow morning.
I have to help Tom do that.
I have to help Tom move the piano.
I have to help Tom take out the garbage.
I have to help Tom.
I have to help Tom. He's my friend.
I have to help Tom. He's my own flesh and blood.
I have to help her.
I have to help her. She's my friend.
I have to help him no matter what.
I have to help him.
I have to help him. He's my friend.
I have to help my mother.
I have to help some friends.
I have to help them.
I have to help.
I have to hide this bag.
I have to hide.
I have to hit my parents up for the money.
I have to hurry to the 24-hour convenience store before it closes!
I have to hurry to the station to catch the last train.
I have to hurry to the station to get the last train.
I have to hurry to the station to take the last train.
I have to hurry up.
I have to hurry!
I have to hurry.
I have to hurry. I'm falling behind schedule.
I have to hurry. My flight leaves in an hour.
I have to hurry. Otherwise, I might miss my train.
I have to hustle.
I have to immerse myself in Berber.
I have to impress Tom.
I have to improve as soon as possible.
I have to improve my English.
I have to inform the princess.
I have to introduce Mary to the manager.
I have to introduce Tom to the manager.
I have to iron clothes this afternoon.
I have to iron my shirt.
I have to iron this dress before putting it on.
I have to jump off here.
I have to keep going.
I have to keep it a secret.
I have to keep my cool.
I have to keep my mind on this important question.
I have to keep on working.
I have to keep trying.
I have to kidnap Tom.
I have to knock down a wall.
I have to know for sure.
I have to know if it is true.
I have to know if it's true.
I have to know more about this kind of things.
I have to know now.
I have to know the teacher's name.
I have to know the truth.
I have to know what that means.
I have to know what we're up against.
I have to know what's at stake.
I have to know what's going on.
I have to know where you hid the chocolates.
I have to know where you hid the keys.
I have to know where you were last night.
I have to know who my father is.
I have to know why.
I have to know.
I have to lay off the rum.
I have to learn Berber.
I have to learn French.
I have to learn German.
I have to learn Japanese.
I have to learn a language.
I have to learn how to order food in French.
I have to learn how to shoot.
I have to learn many words and phrases by heart.
I have to learn to live with it.
I have to learn to play chess.
I have to learn.
I have to leave again.
I have to leave at four o'clock in the afternoon.
I have to leave because there's someone waiting for me outside.
I have to leave earlier today than usual.
I have to leave early in the morning.
I have to leave early to catch the train.
I have to leave early today because I have to attend a funeral.
I have to leave early today.
I have to leave early tomorrow.
I have to leave early.
I have to leave first thing tomorrow morning.
I have to leave for a while.
I have to leave immediately.
I have to leave in ten minutes.
I have to leave now.
I have to leave on Monday.
I have to leave school.
I have to leave soon.
I have to leave the car here.
I have to leave today.
I have to leave tomorrow morning.
I have to leave very early tomorrow morning.
I have to leave you.
I have to leave, despite the heavy rain.
I have to leave.
I have to let Mary know what she needs to do.
I have to let Tom and Mary know what they need to do.
I have to let Tom know what he needs to do.
I have to let Tom know when the meeting starts.
I have to let Tom know where I am.
I have to let Tom know.
I have to let off some steam before I explode with anger.
I have to let off steam.
I have to let you go.
I have to live in Australia for another three years.
I have to live in Boston for another three years.
I have to live my youth.
I have to live on my very small income.
I have to live with it.
I have to live.
I have to lock this door.
I have to log off the chat.
I have to log out of the chat.
I have to look after myself.
I have to look after the rabbit.
I have to look after this cat.
I have to look for my friends.
I have to look for my pen.
I have to look round here first.
I have to lose some weight, so I'm on a diet.
I have to lose some weight.
I have to lose some weight. My old jeans don't fit!
I have to lose weight!
I have to lose weight, so I intend to go on a diet.
I have to lose weight, so I'm going on a diet.
I have to lose weight, so I'm on a diet.
I have to lose weight, so I’m on a diet.
I have to lose weight.
I have to love and respect my grandparents.
I have to love him.
I have to lower the blinds.
I have to make a call.
I have to make a conscious effort not to swear.
I have to make a conscious effort not to use curse words.
I have to make a copy.
I have to make a decision.
I have to make a long-distance phone call.
I have to make a note of that.
I have to make a phone call now.
I have to make a phone call right away.
I have to make a phone call.
I have to make another call.
I have to make certain Tom and Mary know what time the concert starts.
I have to make certain Tom and Mary know what to do.
I have to make certain Tom knows what time the concert starts.
I have to make certain Tom knows what to do.
I have to make certain Tom knows where he needs to go.
I have to make certain.
I have to make dinner for my family.
I have to make do with what I have.
I have to make enough money to support my family.
I have to make it happen.
I have to make it right.
I have to make it, I tell myself.
I have to make lunch today.
I have to make money somehow.
I have to make money to buy a personal computer.
I have to make my dad happy.
I have to make my own way.
I have to make photocopies.
I have to make some calls.
I have to make some changes.
I have to make sure Tom and Mary are OK.
I have to make sure Tom is OK.
I have to make sure everything is OK.
I have to make sure that I don't forget to pay my rent this month.
I have to make sure that I get my information from reliable sources.
I have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
I have to make the best of that small room.
I have to make three monthly payments of three hundred dollars each.
I have to massage my knees.
I have to meet Tom at 2:30.
I have to meet Tom at the bus stop at 2:30.
I have to meet Tom.
I have to meet her at the railway station at five o'clock.
I have to meet her at the station at five o'clock.
I have to meet him.
I have to meet them at the station at five o'clock.
I have to meet with Tom.
I have to memorise many words and sentences.
I have to memorize a lot of passwords.
I have to memorize all these words, but there's no end to them!
I have to memorize these hundred English vocabulary words by tomorrow. I wonder if there's any possible way to do it.
I have to memorize this poem.
I have to mop the floors.
I have to move on and so do you.
I have to move on.
I have to move to Australia.
I have to move to Boston.
I have to move you.
I have to move.
I have to mow the lawn once a week.
I have to mow the lawn.
I have to obey her orders.
I have to obey his orders.
I have to obey my superiors.
I have to obey their orders.
I have to open my shop.
I have to open the window.
I have to oppose this idea.
I have to organize my closet.
I have to organize my schedule before the end of the month.
I have to overcome this.
I have to paint it.
I have to park my car here.
I have to part with my old furniture.
I have to pass this exam.
I have to pay Tom back.
I have to pay a little more attention.
I have to pay a medical bill.
I have to pay all these bills by the end of the month.
I have to pay for it.
I have to pay for that.
I have to pay for the damage.
I have to pay her back.
I have to pay high rates to the boarding.
I have to pay him back.
I have to pay more attention to myself.
I have to pay my rent today.
I have to pay the bill.
I have to pay the rent.
I have to pay the water bill.
I have to pay them back.
I have to pay this bill by Monday.
I have to pay this bill today.
I have to pay you back for the meal from yesterday.
I have to pay you.
I have to pay.
I have to pee, but your friends are completely crowding the hallway.
I have to pee.
I have to peel a whole bucket of apples for a jam.
I have to peel the apples.
I have to peg up the washing.
I have to persuade Tom to go with us.
I have to pick him up from the station.
I have to pick my aunt up at the station.
I have to pick my kids up at their school.
I have to pick one of them.
I have to pick some flowers.
I have to pick up my dry cleaning.
I have to pick up my kids at their school.
I have to pick up my son at 2:30.
I have to pick up the car from the garage.
I have to place the nativity scene.
I have to plan everything.
I have to plant trees in the garden.
I have to plod through this material and remember the most important informations and dates.
I have to polish my shoes.
I have to poop.
I have to practice my presentation.
I have to practice the piano every day.
I have to prepare Tom for that.
I have to prepare a presentation for next week.
I have to prepare for class.
I have to prepare for my presentation.
I have to prepare for that mock trial.
I have to prepare for the English test.
I have to prepare for the French test.
I have to prepare for the exam.
I have to prepare for the test in English.
I have to prepare for the test.
I have to prepare my presentation.
I have to prepare myself well so I don't make a bad impression.
I have to prepare the annual budget.
I have to prepare the breakfast.
I have to prepare the financial statements.
I have to prepare to go to school.
I have to prepare.
I have to print 100 pages.
I have to prioritise.
I have to prioritize.
I have to protect this car.
I have to publish my book.
I have to pull a ripcord to start my lawn mower.
I have to pull over for a minute.
I have to push my bike because one of the tyres is flat.
I have to put a stamp on the envelope.
I have to put down your new address.
I have to put gas in the tank.
I have to put in the work.
I have to put my shoes on.
I have to put the baby to bed.
I have to put the fire out.
I have to put the kids to bed.
I have to put the pieces of my life back together.
I have to put this chair back where it belongs.
I have to quit my job.
I have to quit smoking.
I have to rake the leaves.
I have to re-check this.
I have to read in broad daylight.
I have to read out that book tomorrow.
I have to read that book.
I have to read the book.
I have to read this article.
I have to read this book.
I have to read this.
I have to read.
I have to receive treatment.
I have to recharge the batteries.
I have to recognize the source of your quotations.
I have to reduce my expenses this month.
I have to refuse your offer, as tempting as it might be.
I have to rehearse.
I have to remember to buy some milk.
I have to remember to buy this book tomorrow.
I have to remember to do that.
I have to remember to give this to Tom.
I have to remember to mail the letter.
I have to remember to mail this letter.
I have to remember to tell Tom to do that.
I have to remind you of your promise.
I have to remove my makeup.
I have to remove your nerve.
I have to renew my passport.
I have to rent a car.
I have to rent a tuxedo for the dance.
I have to repaint the walls.
I have to repair it.
I have to repair the refrigerator.
I have to repair them.
I have to repeat it.
I have to replace the radio's battery.
I have to replace the radio’s battery.
I have to reply to her letter.
I have to reply to this letter.
I have to report this to Tom.
I have to report this.
I have to resign for the reasons given.
I have to resist.
I have to resit an English exam next week.
I have to resolve to smoke less.
I have to respect Tom's wishes.
I have to respond.
I have to rest.
I have to return some books to the library.
I have to return these books to the library on Monday.
I have to return this book to the library today.
I have to return this book to the library tomorrow.
I have to return this book to the library.
I have to return this book today.
I have to return this book.
I have to return to Australia.
I have to return to Boston.
I have to return to the office.
I have to review the budget for next quarter.
I have to review the study guide.
I have to revise for a biology test.
I have to ride two buses to arrive there.
I have to rinse my mouth out.
I have to rinse my mouth.
I have to rinse out my mouth.
I have to run away.
I have to run faster to catch up with Tom.
I have to run faster to catch up with him.
I have to run next door.
I have to run to the station to catch the last train.
I have to run.
I have to rush home.
I have to rush off now.
I have to rush.
I have to save Tom.
I have to save him.
I have to say I admire your spirit.
I have to say I envy you guys.
I have to say I envy you.
I have to say I felt very safe in Boston.
I have to say I'm astonished.
I have to say I'm disgusted.
I have to say goodbye now.
I have to say goodbye to a few people.
I have to say goodbye to some friends.
I have to say goodbye.
I have to say goodnight now.
I have to say goodnight to Tom.
I have to say goodnight to her.
I have to say goodnight to him.
I have to say goodnight to them.
I have to say no to you.
I have to say no.
I have to say something.
I have to say that I'm astonished.
I have to say that I'm sorry.
I have to say that his behaviour is exemplary.
I have to say that there's no better place to spend my honeymoon than Gandrange!
I have to say that there’s no better place to spend my honeymoon than Gandrange!
I have to say that you've surprised me.
I have to say this has been the best party ever.
I have to say this.
I have to say why.
I have to say yes.
I have to say you look good.
I have to say, his safety plan is well thought-out.
I have to say, the guy was pretty good.
I have to scrape the oven.
I have to scream today.
I have to scrub the floors.
I have to scrub the windows.
I have to see Jim.
I have to see Tom again.
I have to see Tom at 2:30.
I have to see Tom now.
I have to see Tom.
I have to see a dentist.
I have to see her at 2:30.
I have to see her now.
I have to see her.
I have to see him at 2:30.
I have to see him now.
I have to see him.
I have to see it all.
I have to see it!
I have to see that!
I have to see them at 2:30.
I have to see them now.
I have to see them.
I have to see this movie.
I have to see this through.
I have to see this.
I have to see who's in there.
I have to see you again.
I have to see you and Tom.
I have to see you.
I have to see your hand.
I have to sell a lot of my things so I can pay all my bills.
I have to sell all today.
I have to sell it for less than it costs to minimize losses.
I have to sell it today.
I have to sell my apartment.
I have to sell my car, even though I don't want to.
I have to sell my house.
I have to sell them all today.
I have to send some presents.
I have to send these letters.
I have to set a good example.
I have to set an example.
I have to set my watch back. It's very fast.
I have to set priorities.
I have to set up a budget for sales promotion.
I have to settle something with him.
I have to shake hands with the President.
I have to share an office with Tom.
I have to share this room with a friend for now.
I have to share this room with my friend at present.
I have to shave every day.
I have to shave your chest for the electrocardiogram.
I have to shave.
I have to shine my shoes.
I have to show Tom how to do that.
I have to show Tom something.
I have to show my face there.
I have to show you something.
I have to show you this.
I have to shower.
I have to sign out of the chat.
I have to sit down.
I have to skedaddle.
I have to sleep now.
I have to sleep.
I have to smoke a cigarette.
I have to sneeze.
I have to solve the problem myself.
I have to solve this problem myself.
I have to solve this problem.
I have to some extent studied all of these utopias about creating a perfect language or from some original Adamic language, to those languages that are called universal, such as Esperanto, Volapük and others that aim not to be perfect languages but to be auxiliary languages.
I have to speak French for my job.
I have to speak French more often now.
I have to speak French.
I have to speak in Berber.
I have to speak to Mary in French. It's the only language she knows.
I have to speak to Tom and Mary in French. It's the only language they know.
I have to speak to Tom immediately.
I have to speak to Tom in French. It's the only language he knows.
I have to speak to you about something important.
I have to speak to you personally.
I have to speak to your mother.
I have to speak with Tom.
I have to speak with her.
I have to speak with him.
I have to speak with them.
I have to speak with you immediately.
I have to speak with you right now.
I have to speak with you.
I have to spend more time with my family.
I have to stand watch for three hours.
I have to start getting ready.
I have to start over.
I have to start putting money aside.
I have to start somewhere.
I have to start taking care of myself.
I have to start.
I have to stay and help Tom and Mary do that.
I have to stay and help Tom do that.
I have to stay at a hotel near the airport tonight.
I have to stay at home today.
I have to stay at home.
I have to stay calm.
I have to stay for a while.
I have to stay here for another week.
I have to stay here with Tom.
I have to stay here with you.
I have to stay here.
I have to stay home and take care of Tom.
I have to stay home and take care of my mother.
I have to stay home today to take care of my mother.
I have to stay home today.
I have to stay home.
I have to stay in Australia for a couple weeks.
I have to stay in Australia for another week.
I have to stay in Australia until next Monday.
I have to stay in Boston for a couple weeks.
I have to stay in Boston for another week.
I have to stay in Boston until next Monday.
I have to stay in Boston until the end of October.
I have to stay in bed all day.
I have to stay inside today.
I have to stay up all night and study.
I have to stay with the bus.
I have to stay with the group.
I have to stay.
I have to steal that recipe.
I have to stop Tom.
I have to stop acting in this way.
I have to stop by HQ tomorrow to fill out some paperwork.
I have to stop dividing my attention, otherwise I make a lot of mistakes.
I have to stop doing that.
I have to stop doing this.
I have to stop drinking.
I have to stop her.
I have to stop him.
I have to stop procrastinating.
I have to stop staying up so late.
I have to stop that from happening.
I have to stop that. It's a bad habit.
I have to stop them.
I have to stop this.
I have to stop worrying.
I have to stop.
I have to stretch.
I have to study French today.
I have to study French.
I have to study Gaulish.
I have to study Japanese.
I have to study a lot, so that I can speak German well.
I have to study all the time.
I have to study diligently.
I have to study for a biology test.
I have to study for the Spanish quiz.
I have to study for the exam.
I have to study for the history exam.
I have to study for the test.
I have to study for three tests tonight.
I have to study for three tests.
I have to study for tomorrow's French exam.
I have to study for tomorrow's French test.
I have to study hard each day.
I have to study hard to keep up with the other students.
I have to study hard.
I have to study mathematics.
I have to study my grandmother.
I have to study now.
I have to study really hard.
I have to study this evening.
I have to study this weekend.
I have to study tomorrow.
I have to study tonight.
I have to study.
I have to study. My books are waiting for me.
I have to submit my report by Wednesday next week.
I have to submit sales projections twice a quarter.
I have to support a large family.
I have to survive.
I have to sweep my room.
I have to take Tom away.
I have to take Tom home now.
I have to take Tom home.
I have to take Tom to a doctor.
I have to take Tom to the hospital.
I have to take a bath, because I'm all sweaty.
I have to take a bath.
I have to take a break.
I have to take a bus to go anywhere.
I have to take a dump.
I have to take a leak.
I have to take a make up test in English next week.
I have to take a math test today.
I have to take a piss.
I have to take a rest.
I have to take a shit.
I have to take a shower.
I have to take a test tomorrow morning.
I have to take a test tomorrow.
I have to take a walk.
I have to take an exam.
I have to take an examination in history tomorrow.
I have to take antihistamines every day as advised by my Doctor.
I have to take care of Tom's dog next week.
I have to take care of Tom.
I have to take care of my little brother until my parents get home.
I have to take care of my mother.
I have to take care of my younger brother until my parents get home.
I have to take care of something.
I have to take care of the horses.
I have to take care of the neighbor kids.
I have to take care of this first.
I have to take down the wall.
I have to take her home now.
I have to take him home now.
I have to take it off.
I have to take it.
I have to take medicine.
I have to take my car to the garage.
I have to take my children to school every morning.
I have to take my hat off to Tom.
I have to take my medicine every six hours.
I have to take my son to the doctor.
I have to take my suit to the cleaners.
I have to take next week off. Would you mind covering for me while I'm gone?
I have to take note of that straight away, otherwise I'll forget it.
I have to take off my socks.
I have to take off.
I have to take out the garbage.
I have to take out the trash.
I have to take some money out of the bank.
I have to take some photos for my class project.
I have to take some shoes to the cobbler.
I have to take something to Tom.
I have to take that chance.
I have to take the book back to the library today.
I have to take the cat to the vet today.
I have to take the chance.
I have to take the dog away from the children.
I have to take the dog out for a walk.
I have to take the entrance examination today.
I have to take the entrance examination tomorrow.
I have to take the entrance exams next year.
I have to take the test again.
I have to take the two o'clock bus.
I have to take them home now.
I have to take these books back to the library on Monday.
I have to take these books back to the library.
I have to take these medicines. The doctor said so.
I have to take these pills every other day.
I have to take this book back to the library today.
I have to take this call.
I have to take this medicine.
I have to take this.
I have to take two pills every six hours.
I have to take two.
I have to take what's offered to me.
I have to take you home now.
I have to talk to Thomas at all costs.
I have to talk to Tom about something.
I have to talk to Tom about the problem.
I have to talk to Tom about what happened.
I have to talk to Tom first.
I have to talk to Tom now.
I have to talk to Tom right now.
I have to talk to Tom.
I have to talk to a lot of people.
I have to talk to her now.
I have to talk to her.
I have to talk to him now.
I have to talk to him.
I have to talk to somebody about what I should do.
I have to talk to somebody.
I have to talk to them now.
I have to talk to them.
I have to talk to you about Tom.
I have to talk to you alone.
I have to talk to you for a minute.
I have to talk to you now.
I have to talk to you right now.
I have to talk to you.
I have to talk with Tom about the new plan.
I have to talk with her about the new plan.
I have to talk with him about the new plan.
I have to teach Mary English.
I have to teach Mary Esperanto.
I have to teach Tom French.
I have to teach Tom that.
I have to tear down the wall.
I have to tear the wall down.
I have to tell Tom about it.
I have to tell Tom about this right away.
I have to tell Tom about what happened.
I have to tell Tom and everybody else.
I have to tell Tom and everyone else.
I have to tell Tom and the others.
I have to tell Tom everything.
I have to tell Tom how to do that.
I have to tell Tom something.
I have to tell Tom the truth tomorrow.
I have to tell Tom.
I have to tell her that the phone rang while she was gone.
I have to tell her the truth tomorrow.
I have to tell her.
I have to tell him about it.
I have to tell him about that?
I have to tell him off for his bad attitude.
I have to tell him something.
I have to tell him.
I have to tell my husband.
I have to tell my parents the truth.
I have to tell someone.
I have to tell them.
I have to tell you guys something.
I have to tell you some bad news.
I have to tell you something first.
I have to tell you something very important.
I have to tell you something.
I have to tell you something. I am pregnant.
I have to tell you that I don't love you anymore.
I have to tell you the truth.
I have to thank him.
I have to think about it.
I have to think about it. I'll try to find another wording.
I have to think about that.
I have to think about the possibilities.
I have to think about what needs to be done.
I have to think about what to do.
I have to think of her name at once.
I have to think of my children.
I have to think of myself.
I have to think of the future.
I have to think this over carefully.
I have to think this through.
I have to think.
I have to throw up.
I have to tighten my belt.
I have to tighten these bolts.
I have to tip my hat to Tom.
I have to transfer schools.
I have to translate our company’s website into the local language, which is English.
I have to translate the sentences.
I have to translate these sentences from Italian to Latin.
I have to travel abroad.
I have to trim down my article.
I have to trim down my book.
I have to trim down my essay.
I have to trim the hedges.
I have to trust Tom.
I have to trust her.
I have to trust him.
I have to trust someone.
I have to trust someone. It might as well be you.
I have to trust them.
I have to try a little harder next time.
I have to try doing that at least once.
I have to try harder at school.
I have to try it.
I have to try on this dress.
I have to try this dress on.
I have to try to find Tom.
I have to try to find her.
I have to try.
I have to turn in an essay tomorrow and I haven't even started writing it yet.
I have to turn in an essay tomorrow and I haven't even started writing it.
I have to turn in my report today.
I have to turn in some paperwork.
I have to turn in this report by 2:30.
I have to turn it in.
I have to turn off the telephone.
I have to type in a really big document.
I have to understand the meaning of this sentence.
I have to unpack my luggage.
I have to unpack my suitcase.
I have to unpack my suitcases.
I have to urgently talk with someone.
I have to use Berber to interact with people here.
I have to use English all day.
I have to use French all day at work.
I have to use French all day.
I have to use French every day.
I have to use a needle to inject this under your skin.
I have to use something like the International Phonetic Alphabet to describe my mother's foreign pronunciation of "raspberry." English isn't like Spanish or some phonemic language in writing.
I have to use the bathroom.
I have to use the dictionary.
I have to use the phone.
I have to use the restroom.
I have to use the toilet.
I have to visit Tom.
I have to visit her.
I have to visit him.
I have to visit my friend next week.
I have to visit them.
I have to wait a whole year just for that.
I have to wait a whole year to get that.
I have to wait a whole year.
I have to wait for Tom here.
I have to wait for Tom to get here.
I have to wait for Tom's call.
I have to wait for Tom.
I have to wait for her for about an hour.
I have to wait here for Tom.
I have to wait here for her.
I have to wait here for him.
I have to wait here for them.
I have to wait here until Tom gets here.
I have to wait here.
I have to wait till next year.
I have to wait.
I have to wake Tom up soon.
I have to wake Tom up.
I have to wake her up soon.
I have to wake her up.
I have to wake him up soon.
I have to wake him up.
I have to wake them up soon.
I have to wake them up.
I have to wake up at 6:30.
I have to wake up early tomorrow.
I have to walk back to the hotel.
I have to walk home today.
I have to walk slowly.
I have to walk the dog.
I have to walk to school.
I have to walk to the post office.
I have to walk.
I have to want it.
I have to warn Tom about what might happen.
I have to warn Tom.
I have to warn her.
I have to warn him.
I have to warn them.
I have to warn you I don't drive very well.
I have to warn you.
I have to wash my car.
I have to wash my cat today.
I have to wash my clothes.
I have to wash my hair.
I have to wash my hands and brush my teeth.
I have to wash my hands.
I have to wash the dishes.
I have to watch Tom all the time.
I have to watch a documentary.
I have to watch my figure.
I have to watch them all the time.
I have to watch them every second.
I have to watch this documentary.
I have to water the flowers.
I have to water the plants.
I have to wear a tie to work.
I have to wear boots.
I have to wear earplugs to drown out all the noise from the construction site next door.
I have to wear glasses when I drive.
I have to wear glasses.
I have to wear socks.
I have to weed the garden.
I have to weigh in on this.
I have to weigh my options.
I have to win, no matter what.
I have to win.
I have to withdraw some cash from the bank.
I have to work at it a little harder.
I have to work for another thirty minutes.
I have to work for my Ph. D. this summer.
I have to work hard to make up for lost time.
I have to work late today.
I have to work late tonight.
I have to work now.
I have to work on Monday.
I have to work on Mondays.
I have to work overtime today.
I have to work overtime tonight.
I have to work this Saturday.
I have to work this afternoon.
I have to work this weekend.
I have to work today.
I have to work tomorrow.
I have to work tonight.
I have to work until 2:30.
I have to work until midnight.
I have to work with Tom.
I have to work with other things.
I have to work, I can't be here chatting with you.
I have to work.
I have to wrap my sister's dinner in cling film.
I have to wrap my sister’s dinner in clingfilm.
I have to write a 10 page paper for my summer homework.
I have to write a bit.
I have to write a composition about my vacation.
I have to write a letter, but I won't be able to get at it until tomorrow.
I have to write a letter, but I won’t be able to get at it until tomorrow.
I have to write a letter.
I have to write a letter. Do you have some paper?
I have to write a paper of more than 10 pages for my summer homework.
I have to write a paper.
I have to write a report tonight.
I have to write a ten-page paper by next Monday.
I have to write an SMS.
I have to write an essay about my holiday.
I have to write an essay in French.
I have to write an essay.
I have to write another report, but I don't feel like it.
I have to write it down instantly to remember, in case I have to put attention somewhere else, but when I remember it for real, I can not forget it.
I have to write some letters.
I have to write the thesis.
I have to write this report in French.
I have to write two more letters.
I have to write.
I have to.
I have told Tom over and over again not to make fun of Mary.
I have told him clearly that I'm not going shopping with him.
I have told him clearly that I’m not going shopping with him.
I have told the truth.
I have told you already that that does not have to be.
I have told you already.
I have told you children umpteen times, no TV before you do your homework!
I have told you everything I know about Germany.
I have told you how to treat customers.
I have told you it.
I have told you now the whole truth, and if I withheld it from the police it is because I did not realise then the danger in which my dear friend stood.
I have told you the truth.
I have told you where you have to go.
I have tomorrow off.
I have tons of books at the office.
I have tons of debt.
I have tons of friends.
I have too many bags.
I have too many books.
I have too many goals and I'm ready to sacrifice none.
I have too many intense memories and feelings, both good and bad, associated with Boston.
I have too many intense memories and feelings, both good and bad, associated with that city.
I have too many issues to laugh right now.
I have too many responsibilities.
I have too many tabs open.
I have too many things on my mind these days.
I have too much alcohol in my blood.
I have too much homework today.
I have too much homework.
I have too much hope.
I have too much of some kinds of dopamine and not enough of others.
I have too much respect for you to heckle you with aggressive inquiries as if you were a Chief Secretary and I were a Member of Parliament.
I have too much stuff!
I have too much time on my hands to just spend it all away on unnecessary things and I need to target my wishes better and to make better use of my free time.
I have too much to think about.
I have toothache.
I have torn everyone who reached out for me.
I have tortured the prisoners.
I have total confidence in you.
I have trauma around that.
I have traveled Algeria a lot.
I have traveled all over Australia.
I have traveled many times.
I have traveled more than 400 miles from the capital Algiers to the Algerian Sahara.
I have traveled through Algeria for years.
I have traveled to Kabylie, Algeria.
I have tried every diet that has ever been published and I still haven't lost weight.
I have tried every diet that has ever been published and I still haven’t lost weight.
I have tried every means imaginable.
I have tried every type of apple there was.
I have tried every way.
I have tried everything but failed again.
I have tried everything.
I have tried for a long time.
I have tried for hours to remember where I put my keys, but it has completely escaped me.
I have tried in vain to contact him.
I have tried innumerable times to contact him.
I have tried it already. It doesn't work.
I have tried searching on Google, but I can't find out what to do.
I have tried to capture in rhyme the idle whistle of the wind, the beat of the oar-strokes from a passing boat.
I have tried to compile the ideas that you proposed prior to the meeting, so that we can use them as the base for the discussion.
I have tried to convey something of the flavour of the argument.
I have tried to discourage him from going abroad.
I have tried to overcome my shyness, but to no avail.
I have tried to speak different dialects with people who are not from Norway, and they are not able to hear the differences.
I have tried to talk to her.
I have tried to talk to him.
I have trouble being exposed with you.
I have trouble breathing.
I have trouble concentrating.
I have trouble controlling my anger.
I have trouble controlling my emotions.
I have trouble coping with stress.
I have trouble expressing my true feelings in French.
I have trouble falling asleep at night.
I have trouble falling asleep because I always have a lot on my mind.
I have trouble falling asleep quickly.
I have trouble falling asleep when I'm hungry.
I have trouble figuring out what it means to be normal.
I have trouble getting along with Tom.
I have trouble getting up in the morning.
I have trouble handling stress.
I have trouble keeping up with Tom.
I have trouble keeping up with you.
I have trouble knowing for sure.
I have trouble making decisions.
I have trouble making myself understood in French.
I have trouble making new friends.
I have trouble picturing that.
I have trouble putting up with his rude manner.
I have trouble remembering his first name.
I have trouble remembering jokes.
I have trouble remembering my students' names.
I have trouble remembering names.
I have trouble remembering people's names.
I have trouble remembering things.
I have trouble remembering what I need to do, so I always write things down.
I have trouble seeing the blackboard from the seat the teacher assigned to me.
I have trouble sleeping at night.
I have trouble sleeping.
I have trouble speaking French.
I have trouble staying awake during meetings.
I have trouble swallowing pills.
I have trouble swallowing these big pills.
I have trouble swallowing.
I have trouble taking powdered medicine.
I have trouble talking about my feelings.
I have trouble talking to women.
I have trouble telling Tom and his brother apart.
I have trouble understanding French.
I have trouble understanding Tom.
I have trouble understanding what they say.
I have trouble understanding your French.
I have trouble walking down stairs.
I have trouble walking up stairs.
I have trouble with French grammar.
I have trouble with German grammar.
I have trouble with different sentence structures.
I have trouble with my bowels.
I have trouble with my car. It won't start.
I have trouble with physics.
I have trouble working with Tom.
I have truly learned many things from Tom.
I have truly loved fake people.
I have trust in him.
I have tuberculosis.
I have turned 20.
I have turned into an old wreck.
I have turned into their adversary.
I have turned twenty.
I have twelve people on my list.
I have twenty thousand reals saved up in the bank, but I don't think I can touch the money until my son finishes high school.
I have twenty-six cattle outside my house.
I have twice as many books as he.
I have twins.
I have two English books.
I have two airplanes.
I have two arms and ten fingers.
I have two arms and two legs.
I have two arms.
I have two bad teeth.
I have two beautiful children.
I have two big brothers.
I have two books.
I have two brothers and a sister.
I have two brothers and one sister.
I have two brothers and three sisters.
I have two brothers and two sisters.
I have two brothers.
I have two cameras.
I have two cars.
I have two cats and a dog.
I have two cats and one dog.
I have two cats, a black one and a white one.
I have two cats.
I have two cats. One is black and the other is white.
I have two cats. One is white and the other is black.
I have two cats: a black male cat and a grey female cat.
I have two cats: one is white and the other is black.
I have two cats; a black one and a white one.
I have two children and they will soon arrive.
I have two children away at university.
I have two children to support.
I have two children who were born on the same date, but the first is four years older than the second.
I have two children.
I have two children. One in is Beijing and the other one is in Nagoya.
I have two children. One is a boy and the other is a girl.
I have two children: a boy and a girl.
I have two classes tomorrow morning.
I have two colleagues who are Bulgarian. That is why I want to learn Bulgarian.
I have two computers, but they're both broken. So now I'm using my sister's while she's away.
I have two concerns.
I have two conditions.
I have two cousins.
I have two credit cards.
I have two daughters and two sons.
I have two daughters who, as yet, have not known man; I will bring them out to you, and abuse you them as it shall please you, so that you do no evil to these men, because they are come in under the shadow of my roof.
I have two daughters.
I have two daughters; one is four, and the other is sixteen.
I have two dimples.
I have two dogs and I try to feed them each the same amount of food.
I have two dogs, three cats, and six chickens.
I have two dogs.
I have two dogs. One is white and the other black.
I have two exams tomorrow.
I have two exposures left on this film.
I have two eyes.
I have two fathers.
I have two female cats.
I have two flowers.
I have two foreign friends.
I have two friends who live in Germany.
I have two fursonas. One's a protogen, the other's a hyena.
I have two gifts for friends.
I have two good friends.
I have two grandchildren.
I have two hands and two feet.
I have two hands.
I have two houses.
I have two jobs.
I have two keys for the front door, but I can't find either.
I have two left feet.
I have two more letters to write.
I have two more questions.
I have two mothers.
I have two native languages.
I have two nephews.
I have two niblings.
I have two nieces.
I have two observations to make.
I have two older brothers. They're both studying abroad.
I have two older sisters.
I have two or three calls lined up for today.
I have two or three pens.
I have two pairs of shoes.
I have two parakeets at home.
I have two passes to the Imperial Theater.
I have two passes to the game.
I have two passions in my life: bees and Esperanto.
I have two pens.
I have two pets.
I have two questions for you.
I have two questions.
I have two red fish.
I have two scars on my left eyebrow.
I have two seats for the concert.
I have two secretaries.
I have two siblings.
I have two sisters and both are married.
I have two sisters and one brother.
I have two sisters, both of whom are married.
I have two sisters.
I have two sisters. Both of them are married.
I have two sisters. They're both married.
I have two sons and two daughters.
I have two sons born four years apart on the same day in February.
I have two sons which I've always supported.
I have two sons, one in Tokyo and the other in Nagoya.
I have two sons.
I have two sons. One is in Boston and the other in Chicago.
I have two sons. One is in Boston and the other is in Chicago.
I have two sons. One is in Nara and the other in Tsu.
I have two sons. One is in Tokyo and the other is in Nagoya.
I have two sons; one is in Tokyo, and the other in Nagoya.
I have two teenage sons.
I have two thighs.
I have two three-phase power generators in my cellar.
I have two tickets for sale.
I have two tickets for the Boston vs. Vancouver game on Saturday night. Wanna go with me?
I have two tickets for the concert.
I have two tickets for the game.
I have two tickets to a piano concert. Would you like to go with me?
I have two tickets to the Yomiuri Giants - Chunichi Dragons night game. Want to go?
I have two tickets to the baths, do you want to come with me today?
I have two tickets.
I have two uncles. One lives in Australia and the other lives in New Zealand.
I have two uncles; one lives in Boston and the other lives in Chicago.
I have two watches.
I have ulcers in my mouth, so it's very painful when I eat.
I have ulcers in my mouth, so it’s very painful when I eat.
I have unbearable pains.
I have underestimated the strength of my opponent.
I have understood nearly everything.
I have understood what he said.
I have understood what you mean.
I have unruly hair.
I have until next Monday to finish this report.
I have until tomorrow to finish this.
I have updated my profile.
I have uploaded a new music video on YouTube.
I have uploaded the latest channel list to the decoder.
I have urgent business to attend to.
I have urgent business with you.
I have urgent matters to attend to.
I have vanished.
I have various books in English.
I have various projects.
I have various silver coins.
I have very bad chills.
I have very deep convictions.
I have very few books in English, and I've already read them all.
I have very few books in English.
I have very few pictures of myself as a baby.
I have very few really close friends.
I have very good eyesight.
I have very heavy periods.
I have very little money on me right now.
I have very little money.
I have very little time at my disposal.
I have very little time left.
I have very long hair.
I have very low blood pressure.
I have very low self-esteem.
I have very rusty programming skills.
I have very sad news to pass on to you this morning. We found the body of your mother lying lifeless on her bed this morning and when we got closer, she didn't seem to be breathing; no sound came out of her lungs.
I have very sensitive skin.
I have very small apples in my pocket.
I have very strict parents.
I have vices, but gambling isn't one of them.
I have violin lessons on Mondays.
I have visited America.
I have visited Australia.
I have visited Boston before.
I have visited Boston many times.
I have visited Boston three times.
I have visited Kabylie recently.
I have visited Kabylie.
I have visited Kyoto before.
I have visited Kyoto three times.
I have visited Morocco, Tunisia, and Mauritania. Algeria is next.
I have visited Paris once.
I have visited Sapporo several times on business.
I have visited Tom a number of times in Australia.
I have visited Tom many times in Australia.
I have visited Tom many times in Boston.
I have visited Tom multiple times in Australia.
I have visited Tom multiple times in Boston.
I have visited a museum today.
I have visited cities like Boston, Chicago, etc.
I have visited more than nine countries so far.
I have visited more than nine countries to date.
I have visited more than nine countries up until now.
I have visited the "Imagine" mosaic in Strawberry Fields in New York City's Central Park.
I have visited the Tillamook Cheese Factory in Oregon. Like many place names there, it is of Amerindian origin.
I have visited the city of Karakorum yesterday.
I have visited the place time after time.
I have visited the university's Botanical Garden only a few times.
I have visited the village before.
I have visited three European countries so far.
I have vivid memories of Tom, even though I am already an old man.
I have voted for both of them.
I have wads of rubber bands.
I have waited a full three hours.
I have waited for Mary to love me since March 2010.
I have waited for her all my life.
I have waited for hours.
I have waited for you for a long time!
I have waited for you for five hours!!! Where have you been?
I have wanted to be a painter for a long time.
I have wanted to go to Brazil for many years.
I have warm feelings for that doll.
I have warned Tom several times not to go there.
I have warned you several times.
I have washed my hair.
I have wasted a lot of time, I need to roll up my sleeves.
I have watched all of her films.
I have watched this film several times.
I have watched this movie nine times.
I have water.
I have watery stools.
I have wavy hair.
I have way too much stuff.
I have weak sight.
I have weird dreams.
I have what I have.
I have what I need.
I have what I want.
I have what you need.
I have what you want here.
I have what you want.
I have what you're looking for right here.
I have what you're looking for.
I have wheezing.
I have white hair.
I have wine.
I have wishes.
I have won several tournaments.
I have won the game.
I have won.
I have wonderful memories of Australia.
I have wonderful memories of Boston.
I have wonderful news for all of you.
I have wonderful news.
I have wooden clothes pegs.
I have wooden clothespins.
I have work for Tom.
I have work for her.
I have work for him.
I have work for them.
I have work for you.
I have work on Monday.
I have work on Wednesday.
I have work that must be done.
I have work to do now.
I have work to do tomorrow.
I have work to do, so go away and leave me alone.
I have work to do.
I have work tomorrow.
I have worked a lot this week.
I have worked and she has played.
I have worked for one company where the payroll was snatched on a dark winter's night.
I have worked for one company where the payroll was snatched on a dark winter’s night.
I have worked for twenty years.
I have worked here for a week.
I have worked in this factory.
I have worked on the farm all day.
I have wrapped these glasses so that they will not break.
I have writer's block syndrome.
I have writer's block. It's very frustrating.
I have written a letter to them.
I have written a letter.
I have written almost 150 German sentences.
I have written down his phone number.
I have written many plays, but never a poem.
I have written many sentences about the word "mirror".
I have written to him once a month for almost twenty years.
I have written your name in my heart.
I have xenophobia.
I have yawned.
I have years of experience in courtrooms.
I have yellow fever.
I have yet to begin.
I have yet to find a perfect husband.
I have yet to hear back from Tom.
I have yet to hear that story.
I have you don't have to pee again.
I have you to thank.
I have young parents.
I have your address.
I have your appointment book.
I have your coat.
I have your diary.
I have your dog with me.
I have your file.
I have your key.
I have your name tattooed on my arm.
I have your number.
I have your schedule here.
I have your table right here.
I have your tickets.
I have your umbrella.
I have zero chance to win.
I have zero issues with that.
I have zero knowledge of English.
I have zero knowledge of programming.
I have zinnias and morning glories in my garden.
I have, in fact, already told Tom what to do.
I have, myself, full confidence that if all do their duty, if nothing is neglected, and if the best arrangements are made, as they are being made, we shall prove ourselves once more able to defend our island home, to ride out the storm of war, and to outlive the menace of tyranny.
I have, therefore, no further apology to make for presenting you with the work (my object being the advancement of truth), and I earnestly submit for your best consideration its subject matter rather than its literary merits or demerits.
I have.
I haven't a best friend.
I haven't a cent to my name.
I haven't a great many spare moments, you know.
I haven't a very good dictionary.
I haven't abandoned hope yet.
I haven't accepted the assignment yet.
I haven't accepted the job yet.
I haven't accomplished anything so far.
I haven't accomplished anything yet.
I haven't achieved anything yet.
I haven't actually agreed to do that.
I haven't actually been to Australia yet.
I haven't actually been to Boston yet.
I haven't actually decided to build a house yet.
I haven't actually done anything illegal.
I haven't actually done anything wrong.
I haven't actually done anything yet.
I haven't actually done that yet.
I haven't actually done that.
I haven't actually ever been to Australia.
I haven't actually ever been to Boston.
I haven't actually ever done that.
I haven't actually looked at it yet.
I haven't actually met Tom yet.
I haven't actually met her yet.
I haven't actually met him yet.
I haven't actually met them yet.
I haven't actually said no yet.
I haven't actually shot anyone yet.
I haven't actually slept with him.
I haven't actually told Tom yet.
I haven't agreed to any of this.
I haven't agreed to do that.
I haven't agreed to give all the details.
I haven't all that experience.
I haven't always been a teacher.
I haven't always been shy.
I haven't always been this busy.
I haven't always been this fat.
I haven't always had friends like Tom.
I haven't always lived like this.
I haven't answered your letter because I've been very busy.
I haven't apologized for doing that yet.
I haven't apologized to Tom yet.
I haven't apologized yet.
I haven't applied for a visa yet.
I haven't arrived yet.
I haven't asked Tom to do that.
I haven't asked Tom yet.
I haven't asked Tom.
I haven't asked a question yet.
I haven't asked anybody for help yet.
I haven't asked anyone for help yet.
I haven't asked anyone yet.
I haven't asked for anything.
I haven't asked her yet.
I haven't asked her.
I haven't asked him yet.
I haven't asked him.
I haven't asked them yet.
I haven't asked them.
I haven't asked you a question yet.
I haven't asked you for help.
I haven't attempted it yet.
I haven't attended any of his conferences.
I haven't baked any bread for ages. How about baking some today?
I haven't baked bread in a long time. How about we bake a little today?
I haven't bathed in months; my ass has started to rot.
I haven't been a teacher for very long.
I haven't been a teacher long.
I haven't been a teacher very long.
I haven't been a waiter all my life, you know.
I haven't been able to buy it.
I haven't been able to contact Mary.
I haven't been able to contact Tom.
I haven't been able to contact him in any way possible.
I haven't been able to do that in a long time.
I haven't been able to do that since my accident.
I haven't been able to do this in a long time.
I haven't been able to drive.
I haven't been able to face Tom.
I haven't been able to figure out the cause.
I haven't been able to find a job so far.
I haven't been able to find a job.
I haven't been able to find out anything about it.
I haven't been able to find time to do that recently.
I haven't been able to forget his face.
I haven't been able to get a hold of Tom yet.
I haven't been able to get a hold of Tom.
I haven't been able to get a smile out of Tom.
I haven't been able to get any sleep.
I haven't been able to get enough sleep lately.
I haven't been able to get in touch with Tom yet.
I haven't been able to get in touch with Tom.
I haven't been able to get much sleep lately.
I haven't been able to get that song out of my head all evening.
I haven't been able to get to sleep recently.
I haven't been able to go to school for a week.
I haven't been able to go to school for three weeks.
I haven't been able to lose weight.
I haven't been able to open this door.
I haven't been able to reach Tom.
I haven't been able to reach you all morning. Where are you?
I haven't been able to remember her address.
I haven't been able to sleep very well lately.
I haven't been able to sleep well lately.
I haven't been able to sleep well.
I haven't been able to solve the problem yet.
I haven't been able to talk to her yet.
I haven't been able to think about anything else since Saturday night.
I haven't been able to translate many sentences from my language into Toki Pona. Nor do I expect to be able to do so one day... Does anyone command that language?
I haven't been abroad at all this year.
I haven't been accused of anything.
I haven't been anywhere this summer.
I haven't been anywhere, but that's on my list.
I haven't been around much.
I haven't been arrested.
I haven't been at her place yet.
I haven't been avoiding you.
I haven't been back here since that unfortunate incident.
I haven't been back here since the incident.
I haven't been back there since.
I haven't been back to Australia in a long time.
I haven't been back to Australia since I got married.
I haven't been back to Australia since I graduated from college.
I haven't been back to Australia since I graduated from high school.
I haven't been back to Australia since.
I haven't been back to Boston in a long time.
I haven't been back to Boston in a very long time.
I haven't been back to Boston in years.
I haven't been back to Boston since I graduated from college.
I haven't been back to Boston since I graduated from high school.
I haven't been back to Boston since then.
I haven't been bartending long.
I haven't been beaten in a single match of smash bros.
I haven't been brave.
I haven't been busy for the past few days.
I haven't been busy for these past two days.
I haven't been busy recently.
I haven't been busy since yesterday.
I haven't been camping since.
I haven't been charged with any crime.
I haven't been charged with anything.
I haven't been charged yet.
I haven't been completely honest with you.
I haven't been consistently learning Tagalog.
I haven't been convicted of anything.
I haven't been disloyal.
I haven't been dissatisfied.
I haven't been doing great.
I haven't been doing much.
I haven't been doing that as often as I should.
I haven't been doing that much lately.
I haven't been doing that recently.
I haven't been doing that.
I haven't been doing this for very long.
I haven't been doing this very long.
I haven't been doing very well in school.
I haven't been doing what I should've been doing.
I haven't been down there since '35.
I haven't been drinking.
I haven't been eating enough.
I haven't been eating out much lately.
I haven't been eating well.
I haven't been eating.
I haven't been everywhere, but it's on my list.
I haven't been feeling great since this morning.
I haven't been feeling great.
I haven't been feeling like myself since last month.
I haven't been feeling so great.
I haven't been feeling too great recently. Maybe it's just my imagination.
I haven't been feeling well for the past few days.
I haven't been feeling well lately.
I haven't been feeling well.
I haven't been fined because I parked the car correctly.
I haven't been fired yet.
I haven't been fired.
I haven't been fishing in a long time.
I haven't been following the news lately.
I haven't been getting a lot of sleep lately.
I haven't been getting enough sleep lately.
I haven't been getting enough sleep.
I haven't been getting much sleep lately.
I haven't been getting much sleep.
I haven't been given any work yet.
I haven't been great.
I haven't been happy for a long time.
I haven't been happy recently.
I haven't been happy since Tom left.
I haven't been having much fun here in Australia.
I haven't been hearing good things about him.
I haven't been helping Tom.
I haven't been here before.
I haven't been here for a while.
I haven't been here in a long time.
I haven't been here in three years.
I haven't been here long.
I haven't been here recently.
I haven't been home all week.
I haven't been home for three days.
I haven't been home in a long time.
I haven't been home in a week.
I haven't been home in a while.
I haven't been home in three months.
I haven't been home on a Friday night since I was thirteen.
I haven't been home since July.
I haven't been home since October.
I haven't been home since last Monday.
I haven't been home yet.
I haven't been honest with Tom.
I haven't been honest with myself.
I haven't been honest with you.
I haven't been in Australia long.
I haven't been in Australia since October.
I haven't been in Australia very long.
I haven't been in Boston long.
I haven't been in Boston since October.
I haven't been in a relationship recently.
I haven't been in contact with Mr Smith recently.
I haven't been in contact with Mr. Smith recently.
I haven't been in the best mental state today and I'm not sure I'll be very communicative.
I haven't been in the mood lately to watch any films.
I haven't been in the mood to do that lately.
I haven't been in the psych ward in thirteen years.
I haven't been informed about it yet.
I haven't been informed yet.
I haven't been invited to Tom's party yet.
I haven't been invited to the party.
I haven't been invited to today's meeting.
I haven't been invited yet.
I haven't been living here long.
I haven't been looking for a job.
I haven't been losing any sleep.
I haven't been lucky in this town.
I haven't been making videos for months now.
I haven't been married long.
I haven't been much of a friend, have I?
I haven't been much of a role model.
I haven't been myself lately.
I haven't been myself the last few weeks.
I haven't been off the train.
I haven't been officially charged.
I haven't been on Tatoeba for a while.
I haven't been on a date in so long.
I haven't been on a date since October.
I haven't been on a picnic for a long time.
I haven't been on a train for a long time.
I haven't been on vacation for two years.
I haven't been out for ages.
I haven't been out in ages.
I haven't been out today.
I haven't been outside in a long time.
I haven't been outside in weeks.
I haven't been outside long.
I haven't been paid yet.
I haven't been paid.
I haven't been paying attention.
I haven't been posting much on Facebook lately.
I haven't been promised anything.
I haven't been reading any books or magazines lately.
I haven't been reading difficult books recently, so my head's going dull.
I haven't been sailing for years.
I haven't been seasick in all my life.
I haven't been sent back to the psych ward in years.
I haven't been shopping yet.
I haven't been sick for the past ten years.
I haven't been sick for the past three years.
I haven't been sick in a long time.
I haven't been sick in over three years.
I haven't been sleeping much.
I haven't been sleeping that well.
I haven't been sleeping very much lately.
I haven't been sleeping very well.
I haven't been sleeping well lately.
I haven't been sleeping well recently.
I haven't been sleeping well.
I haven't been so lucky.
I haven't been successful.
I haven't been swimming in a long time.
I haven't been swimming recently.
I haven't been taking my medication.
I haven't been taking my medications.
I haven't been the same since you left.
I haven't been there for years.
I haven't been there in years.
I haven't been there since 2013.
I haven't been there since October.
I haven't been there since last Monday.
I haven't been there yet.
I haven't been this busy in a long time.
I haven't been this happy in a long time.
I haven't been this optimistic ever before.
I haven't been to America.
I haven't been to Australia as many times as Tom has.
I haven't been to Australia as many times as Tom.
I haven't been to Australia for a long time.
I haven't been to Australia for a while.
I haven't been to Australia for ages.
I haven't been to Australia in a long time.
I haven't been to Australia in a while.
I haven't been to Australia in three years.
I haven't been to Australia in years.
I haven't been to Australia since 2013.
I haven't been to Australia since October.
I haven't been to Australia since Tom died.
I haven't been to Australia yet.
I haven't been to Australia yet. Have you?
I haven't been to Australia, but Tom has.
I haven't been to Australia.
I haven't been to Boston as many times as Tom has.
I haven't been to Boston as many times as Tom.
I haven't been to Boston for a long time.
I haven't been to Boston for a while.
I haven't been to Boston for ages.
I haven't been to Boston in a long time.
I haven't been to Boston in a month.
I haven't been to Boston in a while.
I haven't been to Boston in three years.
I haven't been to Boston in years.
I haven't been to Boston lately.
I haven't been to Boston since 2013.
I haven't been to Boston since October.
I haven't been to Boston since Tom died.
I haven't been to Boston yet, but I've already met Tom.
I haven't been to Boston yet.
I haven't been to Boston, but Tom has.
I haven't been to Boston.
I haven't been to Kabylie for almost a year.
I haven't been to Kabylie in a very long time.
I haven't been to Kabylie in four years.
I haven't been to Kabylie in months.
I haven't been to Paris yet.
I haven't been to a concert in a long time.
I haven't been to a concert in a while.
I haven't been to a movie theater in a long time.
I haven't been to class for five days, I have to catch up.
I haven't been to either of those restaurants.
I haven't been to my parents' house again.
I haven't been to the circus since I was fifteen, but I see clowns constantly.
I haven't been to the doctor's in a long time.
I haven't been to the doctor's in over ten years.
I haven't been to the gym this week.
I haven't been to the supermarket in a long time.
I haven't been to work. I've stayed at home all day.
I haven't been told anything about that yet.
I haven't been told anything.
I haven't been told the truth.
I haven't been told what to do yet.
I haven't been told what to do.
I haven't been told yet.
I haven't been totally honest with you.
I haven't been very busy lately.
I haven't been very well recently.
I haven't been waiting so long.
I haven't been well for three weeks.
I haven't been well.
I haven't been wrong yet.
I haven't begun counting the money yet.
I haven't begun to count the money yet.
I haven't betrayed anyone.
I haven't bothered checking it.
I haven't bought Tom a Christmas present yet.
I haven't bought a Christmas present for you yet.
I haven't bought a new coat in five years.
I haven't bought a new pair of shoes in three years.
I haven't bought a pair of shoes for six months; I deserve a new pair so I think I'll go buy them!
I haven't bought any Christmas presents.
I haven't bought any furniture yet.
I haven't bought anything recently.
I haven't bought bell peppers.
I haven't bought bread yet.
I haven't bought my Christmas clothes yet.
I haven't bought my new year's clothes yet.
I haven't bought my ticket yet.
I haven't bought one yet.
I haven't bought the tickets yet.
I haven't bought you a Christmas present yet.
I haven't broken a Christmas ornament in years.
I haven't broken any law.
I haven't broken any laws.
I haven't broken anything.
I haven't broken my promise.
I haven't brought them here.
I haven't brushed my teeth in three days.
I haven't calculated the bill yet.
I haven't called Tom back yet.
I haven't called Tom back.
I haven't called Tom lately.
I haven't called Tom yet.
I haven't called Tom.
I haven't called back yet.
I haven't called her back.
I haven't called her yet.
I haven't called him back.
I haven't called him yet.
I haven't called the police yet.
I haven't called the police.
I haven't called them back.
I haven't called them yet.
I haven't called.
I haven't caught sight of them for ages.
I haven't changed much, have I?
I haven't changed my mind.
I haven't changed my plans.
I haven't changed.
I haven't changed. You have.
I haven't checked in yet.
I haven't checked my email yet.
I haven't checked my messages yet this morning.
I haven't checked myself.
I haven't checked the doors yet.
I haven't checked yet.
I haven't chosen anything.
I haven't chosen yet.
I haven't cleaned my room in a long time.
I haven't cleaned my room yet.
I haven't cleaned the kitchen yet.
I haven't cleared their fields.
I haven't climbed Mt. Fuji yet.
I haven't closed the door yet.
I haven't closed the store yet.
I haven't come across that expression for a long time.
I haven't come back yet.
I haven't come here to convert anyone to anything.
I haven't come here to play cards.
I haven't come out.
I haven't come to apologize.
I haven't committed a crime.
I haven't complained about anything yet.
I haven't completely given up the idea.
I haven't completely given up yet.
I haven't contacted you in a while.
I haven't cooked the eggs yet.
I haven't cried in a long time.
I haven't cried in a while.
I haven't cried recently.
I haven't cried since I was a kid.
I haven't cut down the plum tree yet.
I haven't danced in a while.
I haven't danced since I was thirteen.
I haven't danced since high school.
I haven't decided anything yet.
I haven't decided either way. I want to keep an eye on how things go.
I haven't decided on it yet.
I haven't decided what I'll do.
I haven't decided what to do yet.
I haven't decided what to do.
I haven't decided what to get him yet.
I haven't decided whether to go college or get a job.
I haven't decided whether to study at university or to get a job.
I haven't decided which job to apply for.
I haven't decided yet if I want to go.
I haven't decided yet whether I will attend the party.
I haven't decided yet whether I'll go to college or get a job.
I haven't decided yet, but I prefer flying to going by train.
I haven't decided yet, but I'll let you know by the time we leave.
I haven't decided yet.
I haven't decided.
I haven't died yet.
I haven't died.
I haven't discussed that with Tom.
I haven't discussed this with anybody.
I haven't discussed this with anyone.
I haven't dismissed you yet.
I haven't done a stitch of work in three weeks.
I haven't done a stitch of work today.
I haven't done a thing all day.
I haven't done a whole lot yet.
I haven't done all I need to do yet.
I haven't done any of the things that you've asked me to do.
I haven't done any of the things you've asked me to do.
I haven't done anything I shouldn't have.
I haven't done anything illegal.
I haven't done anything like this in a long time.
I haven't done anything so far.
I haven't done anything that Tom hasn't done.
I haven't done anything to be ashamed of.
I haven't done anything today.
I haven't done anything wrong, as far as I know.
I haven't done anything wrong.
I haven't done anything yet.
I haven't done anything.
I haven't done badly.
I haven't done coke in years.
I haven't done enough yet.
I haven't done everything I need to do yet.
I haven't done it yet.
I haven't done meth in years.
I haven't done much in the past few days.
I haven't done much recently.
I haven't done much this week.
I haven't done much yet.
I haven't done my homework yet, and Tom hasn't either.
I haven't done my homework yet.
I haven't done my homework.
I haven't done such a thing.
I haven't done that as many times as Tom and Mary have.
I haven't done that as many times as Tom has.
I haven't done that as many times as you have.
I haven't done that as often as Tom has.
I haven't done that before.
I haven't done that in a long time.
I haven't done that in a very long time.
I haven't done that in a while.
I haven't done that in ages.
I haven't done that in months.
I haven't done that in three months.
I haven't done that in years.
I haven't done that much lately.
I haven't done that much.
I haven't done that professionally in a very long time.
I haven't done that recently.
I haven't done that since 2013.
I haven't done that since I graduated from high school.
I haven't done that since I was a child.
I haven't done that since I was a kid.
I haven't done that since I was a little kid.
I haven't done that since I was thirteen.
I haven't done that since I was twelve.
I haven't done that since October.
I haven't done that since Tom left.
I haven't done that since high school.
I haven't done that since last Monday.
I haven't done that since last year.
I haven't done that this year.
I haven't done that today.
I haven't done that very many times yet.
I haven't done that very many times.
I haven't done that very often.
I haven't done that yet this year.
I haven't done that yet today.
I haven't done that yet.
I haven't done that!
I haven't done that.
I haven't done the dishes yet.
I haven't done the dishes.
I haven't done the washing-up.
I haven't done this before.
I haven't done this for a while.
I haven't done this for years.
I haven't done this in a long time.
I haven't done this in a while.
I haven't done this in ages.
I haven't done this since high school.
I haven't done very much this year.
I haven't done what I have to do yet.
I haven't done what I need to do yet.
I haven't done yet what I could've done since I didn't feel like doing that.
I haven't done yet what I wanted to because I hate to do that.
I haven't done yet what you asked me to do since I haven't had time till now.
I haven't done you any favors.
I haven't downloaded the file yet.
I haven't downloaded the files yet.
I haven't drawn for years.
I haven't driven to Paris.
I haven't drunk any coffee all week.
I haven't drunk any coffee today.
I haven't drunk any water in three days.
I haven't drunk anything in the past three hours.
I haven't drunk beer for a week.
I haven't drunk green tea in a long time.
I haven't drunk milk since I was a teenager.
I haven't drunk milk.
I haven't earned enough money yet for a house like that.
I haven't eaten Chinese food in a long time.
I haven't eaten Chinese food in a while.
I haven't eaten French food since I left France.
I haven't eaten Mexican food in a long time.
I haven't eaten a home-cooked dinner in ages.
I haven't eaten a thing all day.
I haven't eaten all day.
I haven't eaten all of the ice cream. There's still some left.
I haven't eaten all the ice cream. There's still some left.
I haven't eaten any chocolate for six hours.
I haven't eaten any meat in a long time.
I haven't eaten any meat since I was fifteen years old.
I haven't eaten any meat since October.
I haven't eaten any meat since last October.
I haven't eaten any seafood since the recent oil spill.
I haven't eaten anything all day, but I don't feel hungry.
I haven't eaten anything all day.
I haven't eaten anything but bread and butter.
I haven't eaten anything except one slice of bread all day.
I haven't eaten anything for days.
I haven't eaten anything for the last three days.
I haven't eaten anything for the past three days.
I haven't eaten anything in six days.
I haven't eaten anything in the last 24 hours.
I haven't eaten anything in the past 24 hours.
I haven't eaten anything in the past three days.
I haven't eaten anything in three days.
I haven't eaten anything in two days.
I haven't eaten anything since breakfast.
I haven't eaten anything since morning.
I haven't eaten anything since this morning and I'm quite hungry.
I haven't eaten anything since this morning.
I haven't eaten anything since yesterday morning.
I haven't eaten anything since yesterday.
I haven't eaten anything substantial in 48 hours.
I haven't eaten anything today.
I haven't eaten anything unusual since I've returned home from my trip around the world.
I haven't eaten anything yet today.
I haven't eaten anything yet.
I haven't eaten anything.
I haven't eaten asparagus in a long time.
I haven't eaten at home in a long time.
I haven't eaten at my grandmother's house since I was a kid.
I haven't eaten breakfast today.
I haven't eaten breakfast yet.
I haven't eaten chocolate since I was thirteen.
I haven't eaten dairy products for a while.
I haven't eaten dinner yet this evening.
I haven't eaten for a couple of days.
I haven't eaten for days.
I haven't eaten for many days.
I haven't eaten for three days.
I haven't eaten for two days.
I haven't eaten in a while.
I haven't eaten in four days.
I haven't eaten in three days.
I haven't eaten it for more than a month.
I haven't eaten lunch yet.
I haven't eaten lunch.
I haven't eaten meat for a whole month.
I haven't eaten meat in a long time.
I haven't eaten meat in years.
I haven't eaten much today.
I haven't eaten or drunk anything all day.
I haven't eaten or drunk anything since yesterday morning.
I haven't eaten pizza recently.
I haven't eaten properly for a week.
I haven't eaten rice.
I haven't eaten since breakfast and I'm very hungry.
I haven't eaten since breakfast.
I haven't eaten since breakfast. I'm hungry.
I haven't eaten since morning.
I haven't eaten since the morning.
I haven't eaten since this morning.
I haven't eaten since yesterday.
I haven't eaten steak in a long time.
I haven't eaten steak in a while.
I haven't eaten supper yet.
I haven't eaten the soup and I won't.
I haven't eaten there in a long time.
I haven't eaten too much.
I haven't eaten vegetables for a month.
I haven't eaten very much but have gained as much as five kilos in a half year.
I haven't eaten well for a week.
I haven't eaten yet.
I haven't eaten.
I haven't enough material to write a book yet.
I haven't even been able to try it out.
I haven't even begun.
I haven't even considered that.
I haven't even got up yet.
I haven't even looked at that yet.
I haven't even packed yet.
I haven't even seen it.
I haven't even started studying for the exam yet.
I haven't even thought about doing that yet.
I haven't even thought about it.
I haven't even thought about that possibility.
I haven't even thought about what I might do tomorrow.
I haven't even thought about what I'm going to wear to the dinner.
I haven't even thought about what needs to be done.
I haven't even told Tom my idea yet.
I haven't even told Tom.
I haven't even told my secretary.
I haven't even told my wife.
I haven't even told you the best part yet.
I haven't even told you the most important thing.
I haven't even tried yet.
I haven't even unpacked my stuff.
I haven't ever been to Australia.
I haven't ever been to Boston.
I haven't ever done that.
I haven't ever eaten kumquat as a fruit, but I often buy it as a hard candy flavour.
I haven't ever lied to you.
I haven't ever seen one of these before.
I haven't ever studied French.
I haven't ever taught French.
I haven't ever won a race.
I haven't exactly been prudent.
I haven't exercised in a long time.
I haven't explained it to Tom yet.
I haven't failed any exams.
I haven't fallen in love like this since I was seventeen.
I haven't fed the dog yet.
I haven't felt any pain so far.
I haven't felt like doing that lately.
I haven't felt like this for a long time.
I haven't felt like this in a long time.
I haven't felt like this since I was a teenager.
I haven't felt that way since Mary left.
I haven't felt the motivation to do anything lately.
I haven't felt this good in a long time.
I haven't felt this good in a while.
I haven't felt this happy in a long time.
I haven't felt very well in recent days.
I haven't felt well for two days.
I haven't felt well recently.
I haven't figured it all out yet.
I haven't figured it out yet.
I haven't figured out that part yet.
I haven't figured that out yet.
I haven't figured that part out yet.
I haven't finished all my homework yet.
I haven't finished breakfast yet.
I haven't finished building my house yet.
I haven't finished buying everything I need yet.
I haven't finished buying everything that I need yet.
I haven't finished doing my homework yet.
I haven't finished doing that yet.
I haven't finished doing that.
I haven't finished eating yet.
I haven't finished eating.
I haven't finished fixing this yet.
I haven't finished high school yet.
I haven't finished lunch.
I haven't finished my breakfast yet.
I haven't finished my cigar yet.
I haven't finished my homework yet.
I haven't finished my homework.
I haven't finished my lunch yet.
I haven't finished my lunch.
I haven't finished my sandwich yet.
I haven't finished my sarnie yet.
I haven't finished my story.
I haven't finished my supper yet.
I haven't finished my work.
I haven't finished painting the fence yet.
I haven't finished paying off my loan.
I haven't finished reading it yet.
I haven't finished reading the book yet.
I haven't finished reading the report.
I haven't finished reading this book yet.
I haven't finished reading this book.
I haven't finished speaking yet.
I haven't finished talking.
I haven't finished that job yet.
I haven't finished the movie yet.
I haven't finished the report yet.
I haven't finished the report.
I haven't finished the task yet.
I haven't finished the translation yet.
I haven't finished this yet.
I haven't finished this.
I haven't finished writing my book yet.
I haven't finished writing the report yet.
I haven't finished writing the report.
I haven't finished yet.
I haven't fixed that yet.
I haven't forgiven you.
I haven't forgotten Tom.
I haven't forgotten about you, Tom.
I haven't forgotten any of you.
I haven't forgotten her!
I haven't forgotten her.
I haven't forgotten him.
I haven't forgotten how to drive.
I haven't forgotten our first date.
I haven't forgotten that you betrayed me.
I haven't forgotten the past.
I haven't forgotten them.
I haven't forgotten what my father told me.
I haven't forgotten what my mother told me.
I haven't forgotten what you promised.
I haven't forgotten what you said.
I haven't forgotten you.
I haven't forgotten your words.
I haven't forgotten.
I haven't formed an opinion about that yet.
I haven't formed an opinion on it yet.
I haven't formed an opinion on that subject yet.
I haven't formed an opinion on the subject yet.
I haven't formed an opinion yet.
I haven't found Tom yet.
I haven't found a doctor yet.
I haven't found a good place to pitch our tent yet.
I haven't found a job yet.
I haven't found a job.
I haven't found a single picture which showed her without a smile.
I haven't found a solution to this enigma.
I haven't found a solution to this puzzle.
I haven't found a way to stop Tom from doing that.
I haven't found any alcohol.
I haven't found any booze.
I haven't found anything better yet.
I haven't found anything better.
I haven't found anything yet.
I haven't found anything.
I haven't found friends.
I haven't found him anywhere.
I haven't found it anywhere.
I haven't found it yet.
I haven't found my keys yet.
I haven't found my little box of happiness yet.
I haven't found one error.
I haven't found one mistake.
I haven't found peace since you mentioned it.
I haven't found the antidote.
I haven't found the gift I wanted to give her.
I haven't found the gift I wanted to give him.
I haven't found the problem yet.
I haven't found the problem.
I haven't found them yet.
I haven't found what I've been looking for yet.
I haven't found your book.
I haven't four brothers.
I haven't fully recovered yet.
I haven't given Tom permission to do that yet.
I haven't given anybody permission to do that.
I haven't given anyone permission to do that.
I haven't given it any thought yet.
I haven't given it much thought.
I haven't given much thought to that question.
I haven't given the documents to Tom yet.
I haven't given the money to Tom yet.
I haven't given them to Tom yet.
I haven't given up hope yet.
I haven't given up hope.
I haven't given up on my dream.
I haven't given up yet.
I haven't given up.
I haven't given you permission to leave.
I haven't gone anywhere in a long time.
I haven't gone anywhere lately.
I haven't gone anywhere recently.
I haven't gone back to Algeria in almost ten years.
I haven't gone camping with Tom in a long time.
I haven't gone kayaking in a long time.
I haven't gone shopping yet.
I haven't gone swimming in a long time.
I haven't gone swimming with Tom in a long time.
I haven't gone there in ages.
I haven't gone there in three years.
I haven't gone there yet.
I haven't gone to Kabylie in over four years.
I haven't gone to college yet.
I haven't gone to the doctor in over ten years.
I haven't gone to the movies since I got here.
I haven't got a brother.
I haven't got a car any more.
I haven't got a car.
I haven't got a cat.
I haven't got a chance.
I haven't got a change of shirt with me.
I haven't got a clue about that.
I haven't got a clue as to why he quit so suddenly.
I haven't got a clue how long I'll be in hospital.
I haven't got a clue what I'm doing.
I haven't got a clue!
I haven't got a clue.
I haven't got a dictionary to hand.
I haven't got a dime.
I haven't got a driving licence yet.
I haven't got a mobile phone.
I haven't got a mobile.
I haven't got a number.
I haven't got a penny on me.
I haven't got a record player any more.
I haven't got a single friend who can speak German.
I haven't got a swimming costume.
I haven't got a telly at home.
I haven't got a washing machine.
I haven't got all day, you know.
I haven't got all day.
I haven't got any answer yet.
I haven't got any books.
I haven't got any cash. Can I write a cheque?
I haven't got any energy left.
I haven't got any expensive jewellery.
I haven't got any hobbies apart from football.
I haven't got any lessons today.
I haven't got any money on me today, I'm afraid.
I haven't got any money on me, but I can transfer.
I haven't got any money.
I haven't got any more records.
I haven't got any more vinyl.
I haven't got any neighbours.
I haven't got any pen.
I haven't got any reply so far.
I haven't got anyone to practise Norwegian with.
I haven't got anything left.
I haven't got anything on me at the moment.
I haven't got anything to wear.
I haven't got anything to write about.
I haven't got anything to write on.
I haven't got around to it yet.
I haven't got dressed yet.
I haven't got either money or time.
I haven't got enough money to buy everything I want to buy.
I haven't got enough money to buy it.
I haven't got enough money to pay for the item in cash.
I haven't got five bucks.
I haven't got hungry yet.
I haven't got in touch with him for a long time.
I haven't got it yet.
I haven't got it.
I haven't got much bread.
I haven't got much money at the moment.
I haven't got much money with me.
I haven't got much money.
I haven't got much time at the moment, so can we make it tomorrow.
I haven't got much time.
I haven't got my own children.
I haven't got one friend who can speak German.
I haven't got over my cold yet.
I haven't got over that bad cold of mine yet.
I haven't got rid of my bad cold yet.
I haven't got rid of my cold yet.
I haven't got round to doing that yet.
I haven't got space to hang this picture.
I haven't got the balls and I know it.
I haven't got the faintest idea.
I haven't got the foggiest idea.
I haven't got the foggiest notion what you're talking about.
I haven't got the nerve to ask you for a loan.
I haven't got the slightest idea.
I haven't got time at the moment.
I haven't got time for a walk.
I haven't got time this afternoon.
I haven't got time to deal with this letter. Could you deal with it?
I haven't got time to do my homework.
I haven't got time to do what I want to do.
I haven't got time to write to him.
I haven't got time.
I haven't got to do this any more.
I haven't got to go anywhere today.
I haven't got to go, but you have.
I haven't got to go.
I haven't got to leave yet, but I'll need to get going by half two.
I haven't got used to getting up so early.
I haven't got your phone number.
I haven't got your telephone number.
I haven't gotten a raise in two years!
I haven't gotten a reply yet.
I haven't gotten any email from Tom in a long time.
I haven't gotten any letters from Tom yet.
I haven't gotten any messages from him since then.
I haven't gotten around to doing it yet.
I haven't gotten around to doing that yet.
I haven't gotten around to it yet.
I haven't gotten dressed yet.
I haven't gotten enough sleep.
I haven't gotten my driver's license yet.
I haven't gotten my visa yet.
I haven't gotten over my bad cold yet.
I haven't gotten over my cold yet.
I haven't gotten paid yet.
I haven't gotten rid of my bad cold yet.
I haven't gotten used to it yet.
I haven't gotten your e-mail yet. Maybe you typed in the wrong address?
I haven't graduated from high school yet.
I haven't graduated yet.
I haven't grilled the fish yet.
I haven't had a COVID booster jab.
I haven't had a barbecue for a long time.
I haven't had a bath in three days.
I haven't had a bath in years, but I shower almost every day.
I haven't had a bite to eat all day.
I haven't had a boyfriend in a long time.
I haven't had a boyfriend in ages.
I haven't had a boyfriend since I broke up with Tom.
I haven't had a break all day.
I haven't had a chance to be alone with Tom yet.
I haven't had a chance to do that yet.
I haven't had a chance to do that.
I haven't had a chance to see that movie yet.
I haven't had a chance to see the movie yet.
I haven't had a chance to try their tapas, but seeing how crowded the bar was, they must be good.
I haven't had a chance yet.
I haven't had a coffee yet.
I haven't had a cold recently.
I haven't had a cold since I was fifteen.
I haven't had a day off in a long time.
I haven't had a drink in months.
I haven't had a drink in three months.
I haven't had a drink in three years.
I haven't had a drink since Valentine's Day.
I haven't had a girlfriend in a long time.
I haven't had a good laugh in a long time.
I haven't had a good night's sleep all week.
I haven't had a home-cooked meal in a long time.
I haven't had a home-cooked meal since my wife died.
I haven't had a kiss from Tom for three months.
I haven't had a lot of time to think about that yet.
I haven't had a lot of time to think about the problem yet.
I haven't had a minute's rest all day.
I haven't had a night shift like that in a while.
I haven't had a proper holiday for a long time.
I haven't had a reply to my letter.
I haven't had a shower yet.
I haven't had a square meal for a week.
I haven't had a vacation in a long time.
I haven't had a vacation in years.
I haven't had any alcohol for six months.
I haven't had any chocolate cake in a month of Sundays.
I haven't had any coffee today.
I haven't had any coffee.
I haven't had any complaints so far.
I haven't had any problems yet.
I haven't had any regrets.
I haven't had any time off.
I haven't had any time to read books lately.
I haven't had any wishes granted.
I haven't had anything to drink.
I haven't had anything to eat all day.
I haven't had anything to eat for over a day.
I haven't had anything to eat for three days other than a stale sandwich, a rotten apple, and some spoiled yogurt.
I haven't had anything to eat for two days.
I haven't had anything to eat or drink since this morning.
I haven't had anything to eat since breakfast.
I haven't had anything to eat since this morning.
I haven't had anything to eat since yesterday.
I haven't had anything to eat yet, but I'm about to make something.
I haven't had beer for a week.
I haven't had breakfast yet, I don't want to have bad breath.
I haven't had breakfast yet.
I haven't had cable in years.
I haven't had chocolate cake in a long time.
I haven't had coffee yet.
I haven't had dessert yet.
I haven't had dinner yet.
I haven't had dinner.
I haven't had enough of Algeria.
I haven't had enough sleep because I sat up all night.
I haven't had enough to drink yet.
I haven't had homemade chips in a long time.
I haven't had homemade donuts in a long time.
I haven't had lunch yet.
I haven't had lunch.
I haven't had many opportunities to do that.
I haven't had much free time lately.
I haven't had much sleep lately.
I haven't had much sleep.
I haven't had much time to see Japan.
I haven't had my breakfast yet.
I haven't had my coffee yet.
I haven't had my dinner yet.
I haven't had my lunch yet.
I haven't had my picture taken for years.
I haven't had one complaint about Tom.
I haven't had pizza in over a year.
I haven't had sex for a long time.
I haven't had sex in a while.
I haven't had so much fun since our first date.
I haven't had strawberry shortcake in a long time.
I haven't had such a good time in years.
I haven't had supper yet.
I haven't had that much fun since I left college.
I haven't had the COVID vaccine.
I haven't had the chance to do that yet.
I haven't had the chance to introduce myself to Tom.
I haven't had the chance to introduce myself to her.
I haven't had the chance to read the article yet.
I haven't had the chance to tell you how much I enjoyed your party.
I haven't had the desire for stuff lately.
I haven't had the honor of meeting him.
I haven't had the time these days to publish it.
I haven't had the vaccine for Coronavirus.
I haven't had this much fun in a long time.
I haven't had this much fun in years!
I haven't had this much fun in years.
I haven't had this practice before.
I haven't had time for reading lately because of my job.
I haven't had time to do any decorating.
I haven't had time to do that yet.
I haven't had time to do the dishes for two days; they are in a pile in the kitchen sink.
I haven't had time to do what you asked me to do.
I haven't had time to fully discuss the matter with Tom.
I haven't had time to fully discuss the plan with Tom.
I haven't had time to fully discuss the problem with Tom.
I haven't had time to get down to the lab and try it since I got it working.
I haven't had time to look for what you wanted.
I haven't had time to purchase flowers.
I haven't had time to thank you properly.
I haven't had time to tidy up yet.
I haven't had time to write the report yet.
I haven't had time.
I haven't had to deal with this kind of thing before.
I haven't had to do that in a long time.
I haven't had to do that in a while.
I haven't had to do that since I was thirteen years old.
I haven't had to do that since I was thirteen.
I haven't had to pay for anything yet.
I haven't had too many problems yet.
I haven't harmed anyone.
I haven't heard a sound.
I haven't heard a word from him as yet.
I haven't heard a word from them in over four years.
I haven't heard any complaints.
I haven't heard anyone call him a late bloomer in a while. But I do wonder when he's going to grow up.
I haven't heard anything about it.
I haven't heard anything about that.
I haven't heard anything back from Tom yet.
I haven't heard anything else from him in weeks.
I haven't heard anything from Tom in a long time.
I haven't heard anything from Tom in weeks.
I haven't heard anything from Tom.
I haven't heard anything from her yet.
I haven't heard anything from him since then. I wonder what he's up to.
I haven't heard anything from him since then. I wonder what in the world he's doing.
I haven't heard anything yet.
I haven't heard anything.
I haven't heard back from Tom yet.
I haven't heard back from Tom.
I haven't heard from Jane since she moved to Tokyo.
I haven't heard from Mary since she moved to Boston.
I haven't heard from Tanaka for the last six months.
I haven't heard from Tom all week.
I haven't heard from Tom and Mary since they moved to Boston.
I haven't heard from Tom for ages.
I haven't heard from Tom in a couple weeks.
I haven't heard from Tom in a long time.
I haven't heard from Tom in a while.
I haven't heard from Tom in a year.
I haven't heard from Tom in ages.
I haven't heard from Tom in over a year.
I haven't heard from Tom in quite some time.
I haven't heard from Tom in three months.
I haven't heard from Tom in three weeks.
I haven't heard from Tom in weeks.
I haven't heard from Tom in years.
I haven't heard from Tom lately.
I haven't heard from Tom recently.
I haven't heard from Tom recently. I hope he's doing OK.
I haven't heard from Tom since July.
I haven't heard from Tom since he moved to Australia.
I haven't heard from Tom since he moved to Boston.
I haven't heard from Tom since he went to Australia.
I haven't heard from Tom since last October.
I haven't heard from Tom since last night.
I haven't heard from Tom since last week.
I haven't heard from Tom since then.
I haven't heard from Tom since.
I haven't heard from Tom yet.
I haven't heard from Tom.
I haven't heard from anyone yet.
I haven't heard from anyone.
I haven't heard from her for a long time.
I haven't heard from her for five years.
I haven't heard from her in a year.
I haven't heard from her in five years.
I haven't heard from her since then.
I haven't heard from her.
I haven't heard from him for a long time.
I haven't heard from him for ages.
I haven't heard from him in a year.
I haven't heard from him in almost a year.
I haven't heard from him in months.
I haven't heard from him in several months.
I haven't heard from him of late. I hope he is not sick.
I haven't heard from him since last June.
I haven't heard from him since then.
I haven't heard from him since.
I haven't heard from him.
I haven't heard from my siblings.
I haven't heard from my son who is overseas.
I haven't heard from my son who's overseas.
I haven't heard from them.
I haven't heard from you for a long time.
I haven't heard from you in days.
I haven't heard it before.
I haven't heard much about Tom's husband.
I haven't heard much about that.
I haven't heard of her since then.
I haven't heard of him since then.
I haven't heard of it yet.
I haven't heard of it.
I haven't heard that joke in a long time.
I haven't heard that joke in ages.
I haven't heard that name in years.
I haven't heard that one yet!
I haven't heard that particular saying in a long time.
I haven't heard that particular saying.
I haven't heard that since Mary was pregnant with Tom.
I haven't heard that song in a long time.
I haven't heard that song since I was in high school.
I haven't heard that story yet.
I haven't heard that story.
I haven't heard that word in a long time.
I haven't heard this in a while!
I haven't heard this song in a long time.
I haven't heard this song in a while.
I haven't heard you play the guitar in a long time.
I haven't hugged Tom in a long time.
I haven't kept any secrets from you.
I haven't killed anybody yet.
I haven't killed anyone yet.
I haven't killed anyone.
I haven't kissed Mary yet.
I haven't kissed Tom in a long time.
I haven't kissed Tom yet.
I haven't kissed my wife in a long time.
I haven't known her that long.
I haven't known him that long.
I haven't known the fact up to now.
I haven't laid eyes on him in over a year.
I haven't laughed in a long time.
I haven't laughed like that in a long time.
I haven't laughed like that in years.
I haven't laughed this hard in a long time.
I haven't laughed this much in ages.
I haven't learned Kabyle composition.
I haven't learned how to do that yet.
I haven't learned how to drive yet.
I haven't learned much yet.
I haven't learned that yet.
I haven't learned to do it.
I haven't learned to do that yet.
I haven't learned to drive a car yet.
I haven't learned to drive yet.
I haven't learned to write in Kabyle yet.
I haven't learned to write in Kabyle.
I haven't learned yet how to drive.
I haven't learnt a lot.
I haven't left Australia yet.
I haven't left Boston yet.
I haven't left my room in three days.
I haven't left the house all weekend.
I haven't left the house, I'm taking a nap.
I haven't left the room yet.
I haven't left yet.
I haven't let any place.
I haven't let anyone else see this yet.
I haven't lied to you.
I haven't liked Tom ever since he left Mary.
I haven't liked anything I've seen so far.
I haven't listened to Kabyle radio today.
I haven't listened to any Berber in years.
I haven't listened to any of his songs.
I haven't listened to the radio in a long time.
I haven't lived in Australia as long as Tom has.
I haven't lived in Australia as long as Tom.
I haven't lived in Australia for many years.
I haven't lived in Australia for very long.
I haven't lived in Australia very long.
I haven't lived in Boston as long as Tom and Mary have.
I haven't lived in Boston as long as Tom has.
I haven't lived in Boston as long as Tom.
I haven't lived in Boston for many years.
I haven't lived in Boston very long.
I haven't looked at the weather forecast.
I haven't looked inside the box yet.
I haven't looked inside this box yet.
I haven't looked that far yet.
I haven't lost any sleep over it, either.
I haven't lost any sleep over it.
I haven't lost any weight.
I haven't lost as much weight as you think I have.
I haven't lost hope.
I haven't lost it.
I haven't lost much weight.
I haven't lost my mind yet.
I haven't lost my mind.
I haven't lost the game just yet.
I haven't lost weight.
I haven't made a decision yet.
I haven't made a mistake yet.
I haven't made bisi bele bath in many days.
I haven't made much progress yet.
I haven't made much progress.
I haven't made the salad yet.
I haven't made too much progress yet.
I haven't made up my mind on that.
I haven't made up my mind sufficiently enough to agree with you.
I haven't made up my mind yet.
I haven't made up my mind.
I haven't managed to get help from anyone.
I haven't managed to unlock every level yet.
I haven't many brothers.
I haven't met Paula.
I haven't met Tom yet.
I haven't met Tom's family yet.
I haven't met Tom's parents yet.
I haven't met any of Tom's brothers.
I haven't met any of Tom's friends.
I haven't met any woman I wanted to be married to.
I haven't met anyone who boasts of being a jazz pianist.
I haven't met both of his sons.
I haven't met either of Tom's parents.
I haven't met everybody yet.
I haven't met everyone yet.
I haven't met friends.
I haven't met her yet.
I haven't met her.
I haven't met him before.
I haven't met him even once.
I haven't met him in person, but I know of him.
I haven't met him properly yet.
I haven't met him yet.
I haven't met him.
I haven't met his parents yet.
I haven't met our new neighbor yet.
I haven't met our new neighbors.
I haven't met the new manager yet.
I haven't met them yet.
I haven't met with Tom recently.
I haven't met with her recently.
I haven't met with my bro since he has been living in Canada.
I haven't missed a single class.
I haven't missed a single day.
I haven't missed a single meeting.
I haven't missed any of Tom's concerts.
I haven't missed you.
I haven't moved.
I haven't mowed the lawn in a while.
I haven't mown the lawn in a while.
I haven't much doubt as to the cause of his death.
I haven't my dictionary at hand.
I haven't needed to do that in a long time.
I haven't needed to do that in a while.
I haven't needed to use the money you lent me.
I haven't noticed Tom doing that.
I haven't noticed any difference.
I haven't noticed any problems.
I haven't noticed him.
I haven't noticed your grey hairs.
I haven't once heard Tom speak English since I've known him.
I haven't opened it yet.
I haven't opened the box yet.
I haven't opened the package yet.
I haven't ordered dinner yet.
I haven't packed my suitcase yet.
I haven't paid Tom yet.
I haven't paid Tom.
I haven't paid for it yet.
I haven't paid for my ticket yet.
I haven't paid for that yet.
I haven't paid for the ticket yet.
I haven't paid for the tickets yet.
I haven't paid my dues yet.
I haven't paid my membership dues yet.
I haven't paid my rent yet.
I haven't paid the bill yet.
I haven't paid the fine yet.
I haven't paid the phone bill yet.
I haven't paid this month's rent yet.
I haven't paid too much attention to what Tom's been doing.
I haven't paid yet.
I haven't painted anything in a long time.
I haven't painted for years.
I haven't painted the fence yet.
I haven't performed live in a long time.
I haven't phoned her back.
I haven't phoned him back.
I haven't picked my bridesmaids yet.
I haven't picked that research up in a while.
I haven't picked up a single book this week.
I haven't planned anything for tonight.
I haven't played Monopoly since I finished college.
I haven't played backgammon in ages.
I haven't played badminton in a while.
I haven't played badminton since high school.
I haven't played cards for so long.
I haven't played chess recently.
I haven't played guitar in ages.
I haven't played my guitar in a while.
I haven't played my trumpet in a long time.
I haven't played piano in ages. I am pretty sure I've lost my touch at this point.
I haven't played tennis in years.
I haven't played tennis recently.
I haven't played the clarinet for a long time.
I haven't played the guitar for ages.
I haven't played the guitar for yonks.
I haven't played the harmonica in years.
I haven't played the piano in many years.
I haven't played the ukulele in years.
I haven't played this game before.
I haven't played this game in a while.
I haven't pooped in two days.
I haven't practiced French all day.
I haven't practiced my French in a long time.
I haven't practiced the piano in a long time.
I haven't practiced today.
I haven't prayed yet.
I haven't prayed.
I haven't prepared at all today's oral presentation.
I haven't promised to do that.
I haven't put anything in my mouth in three days.
I haven't put new strings on my guitar in a long time.
I haven't put on all that much weight.
I haven't put on so much weight.
I haven't put on that much weight.
I haven't put on the jacket yet.
I haven't quite decided what to do.
I haven't quite decided.
I haven't quite figured that out yet.
I haven't quite finished doing this.
I haven't quite finished eating.
I haven't quite finished my homework.
I haven't quite made up my mind yet.
I haven't quite made up my mind.
I haven't reached any conclusions.
I haven't read "War and Peace" either.
I haven't read Berber since I was in high school.
I haven't read a book in quite a while. It's enough to make me ashamed of myself.
I haven't read a magazine in a long time.
I haven't read a newspaper today yet.
I haven't read all Tom's messages.
I haven't read all his messages.
I haven't read all of her books, just the first couple.
I haven't read all of her novels.
I haven't read all of his novels.
I haven't read all of the books.
I haven't read all of these books yet.
I haven't read all of these books.
I haven't read all of those books yet.
I haven't read all of those books.
I haven't read all the books on the shelves.
I haven't read all the books.
I haven't read all these books yet.
I haven't read all these books.
I haven't read all those books.
I haven't read any kind of French book.
I haven't read any of his books.
I haven't read any of his letters.
I haven't read any of his novels.
I haven't read any of the books on the top shelf.
I haven't read any of these books yet.
I haven't read any of these books.
I haven't read any of those books.
I haven't read any of your Berber poems.
I haven't read anything about that.
I haven't read both his novels, but judging from the one I have read, he seems to be a promising writer.
I haven't read both of her novels.
I haven't read both of his novels.
I haven't read either book.
I haven't read either of her novels.
I haven't read either of his novels.
I haven't read either of these books.
I haven't read either of those books yet.
I haven't read either of those books.
I haven't read his novel, and my brother hasn't either.
I haven't read it yet.
I haven't read it!
I haven't read it.
I haven't read many books.
I haven't read that anywhere.
I haven't read that book yet.
I haven't read that book, but Tom has.
I haven't read that book.
I haven't read the book you're talking about.
I haven't read the book.
I haven't read the comments yet.
I haven't read the final page of the novel yet.
I haven't read the instructions yet.
I haven't read the instructions.
I haven't read the letter yet.
I haven't read the message yet.
I haven't read the paper lately, so I don't know who we're electing this year.
I haven't read the report yet.
I haven't read the report.
I haven't read this book yet.
I haven't read this book.
I haven't read this new novel, and my sister hasn't either.
I haven't read this story and neither has my sister.
I haven't read today's newspaper yet.
I haven't read today's paper yet.
I haven't read very many books in French.
I haven't read yesterday's paper yet. Can I exchange it for today's?
I haven't read your letter yet.
I haven't really been doing anything.
I haven't really been there.
I haven't really changed.
I haven't really changed. I'm just more confident in who I am.
I haven't really done that much.
I haven't really figured that out yet.
I haven't really made up my mind yet.
I haven't really planned this out.
I haven't really seen anybody do that yet.
I haven't really seen anyone do that yet.
I haven't really spent much time thinking about that.
I haven't really thought about it yet.
I haven't really thought about it.
I haven't really thought this through.
I haven't really told you anything you shouldn't have already known.
I haven't received a reply yet.
I haven't received an updated roster.
I haven't received any answer yet.
I haven't received any email from Tom in a long time.
I haven't received any email today.
I haven't received any information from him.
I haven't received any messages from Tom.
I haven't received any messages from you in a long time.
I haven't received any messages.
I haven't received any money from anyone.
I haven't received any notice that she's coming.
I haven't received anything yet.
I haven't received my mail yet.
I haven't received the aforementioned letter.
I haven't received the aforesaid letter.
I haven't received your email yet. Have you maybe mistyped my email address?
I haven't received your email yet. Might you have mistyped my email address?
I haven't registered for classes yet.
I haven't registered yet.
I haven't regretted that decision.
I haven't reimbursed Tom yet.
I haven't renewed my subscription.
I haven't renovated the house yet.
I haven't replied to Tom's letter yet.
I haven't requested this.
I haven't resolved it with myself yet.
I haven't returned home.
I haven't ridden my bicycle for over a year.
I haven't ridden my bicycle in a long time.
I haven't ridden the bus to school all year.
I haven't robbed him of it.
I haven't robbed them of anything.
I haven't robbed them of it.
I haven't ruled out doing that yet.
I haven't ruled out doing that.
I haven't run the washing machine yet.
I haven't rung her back.
I haven't rung him back.
I haven't said anything negative about Tom.
I haven't said anything to Tom about that yet.
I haven't said anything to Tom about that.
I haven't said anything to Tom yet.
I haven't said anything to Tom.
I haven't said anything yet.
I haven't said anything.
I haven't said everything.
I haven't said goodbye yet.
I haven't said it to Tom yet.
I haven't said no yet.
I haven't said the worst yet.
I haven't said yes yet.
I haven't said you could go.
I haven't said you could leave.
I haven't see that bicycle since you showed it to me last week.
I haven't see you in ages!
I haven't seen Bill for a long time.
I haven't seen Jim for a long time.
I haven't seen Kabylie in years.
I haven't seen Karen since we fell out last month.
I haven't seen Liisa since forever.
I haven't seen Mary since Alice's baby shower.
I haven't seen Mary since Alice's wedding shower.
I haven't seen Mary since she and Tom broke up.
I haven't seen Mary since she and Tom got divorced.
I haven't seen Mary since she was thirteen.
I haven't seen Mary since she's come back from Boston.
I haven't seen Paul for a long time. The last time I saw him was four months ago.
I haven't seen Rick since he got back from New Zealand.
I haven't seen Rick since he returned from New Zealand.
I haven't seen Tom all day.
I haven't seen Tom and Mary do that.
I haven't seen Tom and Mary since they got married.
I haven't seen Tom and Mary since they've come back from Boston.
I haven't seen Tom around here in a long time.
I haven't seen Tom around here.
I haven't seen Tom around.
I haven't seen Tom at all lately.
I haven't seen Tom do that before.
I haven't seen Tom do that.
I haven't seen Tom either.
I haven't seen Tom for a few months.
I haven't seen Tom for a few weeks.
I haven't seen Tom for a good while.
I haven't seen Tom for a long time.
I haven't seen Tom for a month.
I haven't seen Tom for a very long time.
I haven't seen Tom for a week and I am happy for that.
I haven't seen Tom for a while.
I haven't seen Tom for a year.
I haven't seen Tom for about three months.
I haven't seen Tom for about three years.
I haven't seen Tom for ages.
I haven't seen Tom for almost a year.
I haven't seen Tom for days.
I haven't seen Tom for months.
I haven't seen Tom for over three months.
I haven't seen Tom for over three years.
I haven't seen Tom for several years.
I haven't seen Tom for such a long time.
I haven't seen Tom for the past few days.
I haven't seen Tom for three days.
I haven't seen Tom for three months.
I haven't seen Tom for three years.
I haven't seen Tom for two years.
I haven't seen Tom for weeks.
I haven't seen Tom for years, nor Mary for that matter.
I haven't seen Tom for years.
I haven't seen Tom here before.
I haven't seen Tom in 2 months.
I haven't seen Tom in a few days.
I haven't seen Tom in a little over three years.
I haven't seen Tom in a long time.
I haven't seen Tom in a month.
I haven't seen Tom in a very long time.
I haven't seen Tom in a while.
I haven't seen Tom in ages.
I haven't seen Tom in an hour.
I haven't seen Tom in days.
I haven't seen Tom in donkey's years.
I haven't seen Tom in months.
I haven't seen Tom in over a week.
I haven't seen Tom in over three years.
I haven't seen Tom in three days.
I haven't seen Tom in three months.
I haven't seen Tom in three years.
I haven't seen Tom in very long time.
I haven't seen Tom in weeks.
I haven't seen Tom in years.
I haven't seen Tom lately.
I haven't seen Tom limp recently.
I haven't seen Tom recently.
I haven't seen Tom since 1988.
I haven't seen Tom since 2013.
I haven't seen Tom since Christmas.
I haven't seen Tom since Halloween.
I haven't seen Tom since I was thirteen.
I haven't seen Tom since Monday.
I haven't seen Tom since October.
I haven't seen Tom since breakfast.
I haven't seen Tom since he and Mary broke up.
I haven't seen Tom since he and Mary got divorced.
I haven't seen Tom since he left.
I haven't seen Tom since he was thirteen.
I haven't seen Tom since he's come back from Australia.
I haven't seen Tom since he's come back from Boston.
I haven't seen Tom since high school.
I haven't seen Tom since his birthday.
I haven't seen Tom since last Monday.
I haven't seen Tom since last month.
I haven't seen Tom since last summer.
I haven't seen Tom since last year.
I haven't seen Tom since then.
I haven't seen Tom since three years ago.
I haven't seen Tom since we were in high school together.
I haven't seen Tom since yesterday.
I haven't seen Tom since.
I haven't seen Tom smile for a long time.
I haven't seen Tom this angry in a long time.
I haven't seen Tom this happy for a long time.
I haven't seen Tom this happy for ages.
I haven't seen Tom this happy in a long time.
I haven't seen Tom this morning.
I haven't seen Tom this week.
I haven't seen Tom today and I hope I don't.
I haven't seen Tom today and I hope I won't.
I haven't seen Tom today and I hope that I don't.
I haven't seen Tom today.
I haven't seen Tom very much recently.
I haven't seen Tom yet today.
I haven't seen Tom yet.
I haven't seen Tom's face yet.
I haven't seen Tom.
I haven't seen Xiaowang for a month now; perhaps he's already gone back to his own country.
I haven't seen a Walkman for ages. Are you still using yours?
I haven't seen a car for a while.
I haven't seen a cassette Walkman for ages. Do you still use one?
I haven't seen a cassette Walkman for yonks. Do you still use one?
I haven't seen a cat.
I haven't seen a chimney sweep for ages.
I haven't seen a chimney sweep in ages.
I haven't seen a doctor.
I haven't seen a good movie recently.
I haven't seen a heterosexual in over a week.
I haven't seen a heterosexual person in over a week.
I haven't seen a plane all day.
I haven't seen a schooner before.
I haven't seen a single cat this whole trip.
I haven't seen a straight person in over a week.
I haven't seen a straight person in three days.
I haven't seen a thing.
I haven't seen a traveler's check in years.
I haven't seen a traveller's cheque in years.
I haven't seen a woman in a very long time.
I haven't seen an elf in these parts in ages.
I haven't seen any bears around here.
I haven't seen any bus-stops nearby.
I haven't seen any deer around here.
I haven't seen any ivy around here.
I haven't seen any of Tom's videos.
I haven't seen any of his films.
I haven't seen any of his pictures.
I haven't seen any of my old classmates since I graduated 15 years ago.
I haven't seen any of them yet.
I haven't seen any vegan tripe, but I haven't really been looking, either.
I haven't seen anybody do that.
I haven't seen anyone apart from you.
I haven't seen anyone do that.
I haven't seen anyone else all day.
I haven't seen anyone refer to it as "the break"; it's always just "break."
I haven't seen anyone that enjoyed a better life than his, even though his living conditions were terrible.
I haven't seen anyone there.
I haven't seen anything at all from this point of view.
I haven't seen anything like that.
I haven't seen anything like this in my whole life.
I haven't seen anything of Mr Kimura lately.
I haven't seen anything of her lately.
I haven't seen anything of him for some time.
I haven't seen anything of him lately.
I haven't seen anything yet.
I haven't seen anything.
I haven't seen either of you in a long time.
I haven't seen her all day.
I haven't seen her anywhere.
I haven't seen her around here.
I haven't seen her around.
I haven't seen her at all lately.
I haven't seen her come in.
I haven't seen her for a long time.
I haven't seen her for a very long time!
I haven't seen her for a very long time.
I haven't seen her for a while.
I haven't seen her for a year.
I haven't seen her for ages.
I haven't seen her for days.
I haven't seen her for over a month.
I haven't seen her for two months.
I haven't seen her here before.
I haven't seen her here since.
I haven't seen her in a long time.
I haven't seen her in a month.
I haven't seen her in a while.
I haven't seen her in ages.
I haven't seen her in days.
I haven't seen her in months.
I haven't seen her in three days.
I haven't seen her in three months.
I haven't seen her in two years.
I haven't seen her in weeks.
I haven't seen her in years.
I haven't seen her recently.
I haven't seen her since Christmas.
I haven't seen her since I was a child.
I haven't seen her since March.
I haven't seen her since last month.
I haven't seen her since she moved to Boston.
I haven't seen her since then.
I haven't seen her since.
I haven't seen her so happy my whole life.
I haven't seen her today.
I haven't seen her yet, but I'm in love with her voice.
I haven't seen her yet.
I haven't seen him all day.
I haven't seen him around.
I haven't seen him come in.
I haven't seen him for a good long time.
I haven't seen him for a long time.
I haven't seen him for a very long time!
I haven't seen him for a very long time.
I haven't seen him for a while.
I haven't seen him for about three years.
I haven't seen him for ages.
I haven't seen him for at least ten years.
I haven't seen him for days.
I haven't seen him for over a year.
I haven't seen him for quite a long time.
I haven't seen him for quite a while.
I haven't seen him for years.
I haven't seen him here before.
I haven't seen him in a few days.
I haven't seen him in a few years.
I haven't seen him in a long time.
I haven't seen him in a month.
I haven't seen him in a while.
I haven't seen him in ages.
I haven't seen him in days.
I haven't seen him in months.
I haven't seen him in three days.
I haven't seen him in three months.
I haven't seen him in weeks.
I haven't seen him in years.
I haven't seen him lately.
I haven't seen him lately; give him my regards.
I haven't seen him recently.
I haven't seen him since 1998.
I haven't seen him since May.
I haven't seen him since he moved to Boston.
I haven't seen him since he moved to Los Angeles.
I haven't seen him since last Sunday.
I haven't seen him since that time.
I haven't seen him since then.
I haven't seen him since we were young.
I haven't seen him since.
I haven't seen him this morning. Maybe he's already left for the meeting.
I haven't seen him today.
I haven't seen him very much recently.
I haven't seen him yet.
I haven't seen him.
I haven't seen his place.
I haven't seen it before.
I haven't seen it yet.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen much of Tom lately.
I haven't seen much of Tom recently.
I haven't seen much of him lately.
I haven't seen much of him recently.
I haven't seen much of that.
I haven't seen my big sister in a long time.
I haven't seen my daughter's godfather for a long time.
I haven't seen my daughters in weeks.
I haven't seen my ex-wife since our divorce.
I haven't seen my ex-wife since we got divorced.
I haven't seen my family since 2013.
I haven't seen my father for three years.
I haven't seen my friends for weeks. I heard they moved to another city.
I haven't seen my girl in a long time.
I haven't seen my mother in over two years.
I haven't seen my sister for years.
I haven't seen my sister in months.
I haven't seen my son's godfather for a long time.
I haven't seen my uncle in forever.
I haven't seen one like this before.
I haven't seen one of these before.
I haven't seen one of these in a long time.
I haven't seen one of these in forever.
I haven't seen one of these in years.
I haven't seen one of these since I was a kid.
I haven't seen one of those in Australia yet.
I haven't seen one of those in Boston yet.
I haven't seen one of those in over three years.
I haven't seen or heard anything.
I haven't seen or heard from Tom since then.
I haven't seen that film yet.
I haven't seen that film.
I haven't seen that happen yet.
I haven't seen that in Australia yet.
I haven't seen that in Boston yet.
I haven't seen that in a long time.
I haven't seen that movie in a while.
I haven't seen that movie yet.
I haven't seen that movie, but Tom has.
I haven't seen that movie.
I haven't seen that video yet.
I haven't seen that video.
I haven't seen that.
I haven't seen the cat all morning.
I haven't seen the description.
I haven't seen the film nor do I want to.
I haven't seen the film. Don't spoil it for me!
I haven't seen the latest episode yet, so I'll need to be careful to avoid spoilers online.
I haven't seen the movie, nor do I want to.
I haven't seen the report from Tom.
I haven't seen the results yet.
I haven't seen the student yet.
I haven't seen the sun all week long.
I haven't seen the video yet.
I haven't seen them anywhere.
I haven't seen them around.
I haven't seen them for ages.
I haven't seen them for days.
I haven't seen them for years.
I haven't seen them in a long time.
I haven't seen them in a month.
I haven't seen them in ages.
I haven't seen them in months.
I haven't seen them in three months.
I haven't seen them in weeks.
I haven't seen them recently.
I haven't seen them since last month.
I haven't seen them since.
I haven't seen them today.
I haven't seen them yet.
I haven't seen these pictures before.
I haven't seen these pictures in years.
I haven't seen this film yet.
I haven't seen this for a while.
I haven't seen this in a while.
I haven't seen this kind of plant before.
I haven't seen this man yet.
I haven't seen this movie before.
I haven't seen this movie yet.
I haven't seen this one for a while.
I haven't seen this spooky enemy before!
I haven't seen very much of Tom lately.
I haven't seen very much of Tom recently.
I haven't seen very much of you lately.
I haven't seen you all day.
I haven't seen you anywhere lately.
I haven't seen you around before.
I haven't seen you around for a while.
I haven't seen you around here before.
I haven't seen you around lately.
I haven't seen you around much lately.
I haven't seen you come in.
I haven't seen you drink in a long time.
I haven't seen you for a couple of weeks.
I haven't seen you for a fortnight.
I haven't seen you for a long time, Bill.
I haven't seen you for a long time.
I haven't seen you for a long time. Come and see me once in a while.
I haven't seen you for a while, so I thought I'd drop by and say hello.
I haven't seen you for a while.
I haven't seen you for ages.
I haven't seen you for ages. Do you remember when I saw you last?
I haven't seen you for so long!
I haven't seen you for years.
I haven't seen you guys in a while.
I haven't seen you helping much around here.
I haven't seen you here before.
I haven't seen you in a long time.
I haven't seen you in a while, so I thought I'd drop by and say hello.
I haven't seen you in a while.
I haven't seen you in ages.
I haven't seen you in almost three years.
I haven't seen you in days.
I haven't seen you in donkey's years!
I haven't seen you in forever.
I haven't seen you in here before.
I haven't seen you in like a year.
I haven't seen you in months.
I haven't seen you in quite some time.
I haven't seen you in such a long time!
I haven't seen you in such a long time.
I haven't seen you in three years.
I haven't seen you in weeks.
I haven't seen you in years.
I haven't seen you since college.
I haven't seen you since graduation.
I haven't seen you since high school.
I haven't seen you since secondary school.
I haven't seen you since the break.
I haven't seen you since you were six years old.
I haven't seen you smile in a long time.
I haven't seen.
I haven't sent an email to anyone today.
I haven't sent any pictures to Tom yet.
I haven't sent any pictures to Tom.
I haven't sent the letter yet.
I haven't sent the package yet.
I haven't sent those pictures to Tom yet.
I haven't set anything on fire.
I haven't set foot outside the house today.
I haven't settled in here yet.
I haven't settled that issue yet.
I haven't shaved since last Monday.
I haven't shaved yet.
I haven't shed a tear in a while.
I haven't showered in three days.
I haven't showered yet.
I haven't shown this to Tom yet.
I haven't shown this to my wife yet.
I haven't shut down the computer yet.
I haven't signed a contract yet.
I haven't signed the contract yet.
I haven't slept a wink.
I haven't slept all night.
I haven't slept as long as this for a long time.
I haven't slept for almost a week.
I haven't slept for days.
I haven't slept for several days.
I haven't slept for the last three days.
I haven't slept for three days.
I haven't slept for two days.
I haven't slept for two nights.
I haven't slept in a while.
I haven't slept in days.
I haven't slept in forty-eight hours.
I haven't slept in three days.
I haven't slept in two days.
I haven't slept in two nights.
I haven't slept on the train, however.
I haven't slept on the train, though.
I haven't slept since this morning.
I haven't slept so well for months.
I haven't slept the last few days.
I haven't slept this long for a long time.
I haven't slept well lately.
I haven't slept well recently, so my skin is falling apart.
I haven't slept well recently.
I haven't slept well since Tom left.
I haven't slept well since then.
I haven't slept well.
I haven't slept with him recently.
I haven't slept.
I haven't smoked for a year.
I haven't smoked for ages.
I haven't smoked for years.
I haven't smoked in 13 years.
I haven't smoked in several years.
I haven't sold anything all day.
I haven't sold one of those in weeks.
I haven't sold that one.
I haven't solved that problem yet.
I haven't solved the problem yet.
I haven't solved the puzzle yet.
I haven't spent any of the money.
I haven't spent much time in Boston.
I haven't spoken Berber in a couple of years.
I haven't spoken Berber in a long time.
I haven't spoken Berber in years.
I haven't spoken French for years.
I haven't spoken French in a long time.
I haven't spoken French in a while.
I haven't spoken French in months.
I haven't spoken French in three years.
I haven't spoken French in years.
I haven't spoken French since I graduated from high school.
I haven't spoken French since high school.
I haven't spoken much Japanese ever since I came to the U.S.
I haven't spoken to Mario since he lied to me.
I haven't spoken to Tom about that yet.
I haven't spoken to Tom about that.
I haven't spoken to Tom for several days.
I haven't spoken to Tom for three weeks.
I haven't spoken to Tom in a long time.
I haven't spoken to Tom in a while.
I haven't spoken to Tom in three weeks.
I haven't spoken to Tom since I left Australia.
I haven't spoken to Tom since I left Boston.
I haven't spoken to Tom since he got that Hitler Youth haircut.
I haven't spoken to Tom since.
I haven't spoken to Tom yet.
I haven't spoken to Tom.
I haven't spoken to anybody.
I haven't spoken to anyone today.
I haven't spoken to anyone.
I haven't spoken to everybody yet.
I haven't spoken to everyone yet.
I haven't spoken to everyone.
I haven't spoken to her in a while.
I haven't spoken to her yet.
I haven't spoken to her.
I haven't spoken to him in a long time.
I haven't spoken to him since.
I haven't spoken to him yet.
I haven't spoken to him.
I haven't spoken to them yet.
I haven't spoken to them.
I haven't spoken to you before, have I?
I haven't spoken with Luis for two weeks.
I haven't spoken with Mary since she got married.
I haven't spoken with Mary since she got out of the hospital.
I haven't spoken with Tom and Mary since they got married.
I haven't spoken with Tom and Mary since they got out of the hospital.
I haven't spoken with Tom for a while.
I haven't spoken with Tom for three weeks.
I haven't spoken with Tom in a while.
I haven't spoken with Tom since he got married.
I haven't spoken with Tom since he got out of the hospital.
I haven't spoken with Tom since his accident.
I haven't spoken with Tom since that happened.
I haven't spoken with Tom since then.
I haven't spoken with Tom yet.
I haven't spoken with anybody about that yet.
I haven't spoken with anybody today.
I haven't spoken with anyone about that yet.
I haven't spoken with anyone today.
I haven't spoken with her yet.
I haven't spoken with him since the incident.
I haven't spoken with him yet.
I haven't spoken with them yet.
I haven't started anything yet.
I haven't started doing homework.
I haven't started my job yet.
I haven't started yet.
I haven't started.
I haven't stopped doing that.
I haven't stopped learning Berber.
I haven't stopped thinking about that.
I haven't stopped.
I haven't struck out yet.
I haven't studied French at all this week.
I haven't studied Kabyle writing yet.
I haven't studied Kabyle writing.
I haven't studied any of these languages.
I haven't studied physics much all semester.
I haven't studied that much!
I haven't sunbathed in a long time.
I haven't sung in a long time.
I haven't sung in a while.
I haven't sung in years.
I haven't swept all the rooms yet.
I haven't swum in the ocean since I left Florida.
I haven't swum since last summer.
I haven't taken a bath for a week.
I haven't taken a bath in three days.
I haven't taken a shower in three days.
I haven't taken a shower yet.
I haven't taken any pictures in a long time.
I haven't taken any pictures in a while.
I haven't taken any pictures recently.
I haven't taken everything out of the box yet.
I haven't taken out the garbage yet.
I haven't taken out the garbage.
I haven't talked about this in a long time.
I haven't talked much with Tom since then.
I haven't talked to Mary since she and Tom got divorced.
I haven't talked to Tom about that yet.
I haven't talked to Tom about that.
I haven't talked to Tom about this yet.
I haven't talked to Tom all week.
I haven't talked to Tom at all.
I haven't talked to Tom for quite some time.
I haven't talked to Tom in a long time.
I haven't talked to Tom in a really long time.
I haven't talked to Tom in a very long time.
I haven't talked to Tom in a while.
I haven't talked to Tom in almost a year.
I haven't talked to Tom in years.
I haven't talked to Tom recently.
I haven't talked to Tom since he and Mary got divorced.
I haven't talked to Tom since he got back from Australia.
I haven't talked to Tom since he moved to Australia.
I haven't talked to Tom since last Christmas.
I haven't talked to Tom since then.
I haven't talked to Tom since.
I haven't talked to Tom yet.
I haven't talked to Tom.
I haven't talked to anyone but Tom today.
I haven't talked to anyone lately.
I haven't talked to anyone.
I haven't talked to her since.
I haven't talked to her yet.
I haven't talked to her.
I haven't talked to him for quite some time.
I haven't talked to him since.
I haven't talked to him yet.
I haven't talked to him.
I haven't talked to my parents in months.
I haven't talked to the manager yet.
I haven't talked to them yet.
I haven't talked to them.
I haven't talked to you in a while.
I haven't talked to you in a while. So what have you been doing?
I haven't talked with Tom about that.
I haven't talked with Tom for a while. Maybe I should go hit him up, see how he's doing.
I haven't talked with Tom in a long time.
I haven't talked with Tom lately.
I haven't tasted it in more than a month.
I haven't tasted the honey.
I haven't taught French in a long time.
I haven't taught French since I left Australia three years ago.
I haven't taught French since I left Boston three years ago.
I haven't taught her Berber yet.
I haven't tended the plants.
I haven't tested it.
I haven't the faintest idea about that.
I haven't the faintest idea what you mean.
I haven't the faintest idea.
I haven't the foggiest idea about that.
I haven't the foggiest idea.
I haven't the foggiest why it is so.
I haven't the foggiest.
I haven't the least idea what you're talking about.
I haven't the power to change the world.
I haven't the remotest idea.
I haven't the slightest idea what she meant by that.
I haven't the slightest idea what that might be.
I haven't the slightest idea.
I haven't the time to read.
I haven't the time.
I haven't thought about Tom in a long time.
I haven't thought about Tom in years.
I haven't thought about it at all.
I haven't thought about it since.
I haven't thought about it yet.
I haven't thought about it.
I haven't thought about that in a long time.
I haven't thought much about it.
I haven't thought of anything yet.
I haven't thought that much about it.
I haven't told Tom about any of this yet.
I haven't told Tom about my financial problems.
I haven't told Tom about that yet.
I haven't told Tom anything yet.
I haven't told Tom anything.
I haven't told Tom that I'm going to do that.
I haven't told Tom what to do yet.
I haven't told Tom what to do.
I haven't told Tom where I'm planning on doing that.
I haven't told Tom where I'm planning to do that.
I haven't told Tom who did that.
I haven't told Tom who helped me.
I haven't told Tom why I have to do that.
I haven't told Tom why I need to do that.
I haven't told Tom why I want to do that.
I haven't told Tom why he shouldn't work until late.
I haven't told Tom yet.
I haven't told Tom.
I haven't told a soul, I assure you.
I haven't told anybody else yet.
I haven't told anybody else.
I haven't told anybody in my class what my real name is.
I haven't told anybody in my class where I'm from.
I haven't told anybody yet what I found.
I haven't told anyone about the party yet.
I haven't told anyone about us.
I haven't told anyone anything.
I haven't told anyone else yet.
I haven't told anyone else.
I haven't told anyone in my class what my real name is.
I haven't told anyone in my class where I'm from.
I haven't told anyone yet.
I haven't told anyone, I assure you.
I haven't told anyone, not even Tom.
I haven't told anyone.
I haven't told her yet.
I haven't told her.
I haven't told him anything.
I haven't told him yet.
I haven't told him.
I haven't told the kids yet that we're getting divorced.
I haven't told them about everything we're planning.
I haven't told them yet.
I haven't told them.
I haven't told you about what Tom did last week, have I?
I haven't told you everything.
I haven't told you my dreams yet.
I haven't told you that I love you for a while.
I haven't told you the best part yet.
I haven't told you the most important part yet.
I haven't told you the most important thing yet.
I haven't told you the most interesting part yet.
I haven't told you this before, have I?
I haven't told you what I need to do.
I haven't told you yet, have I?
I haven't touched a piano in many years.
I haven't touched a tennis racket in years.
I haven't touched anything.
I haven't touched my face in weeks.
I haven't translated anything yet.
I haven't translated many sentences today.
I haven't translated the document yet.
I haven't traveled much in these parts for a long time.
I haven't traveled very widely in the Anglosphere.
I haven't traveled very widely in the English-speaking world.
I haven't tried doing it that way.
I haven't tried doing that in years.
I haven't tried doing that that way yet.
I haven't tried doing that that way.
I haven't tried doing that the way Tom said I should do it.
I haven't tried doing that the way Tom said I should.
I haven't tried doing that the way Tom suggested I should.
I haven't tried doing that the way Tom suggested.
I haven't tried doing that yet.
I haven't tried doing that.
I haven't tried one yet.
I haven't tried that in years.
I haven't tried this before.
I haven't tried to call Tom yet.
I haven't tried to do that yet.
I haven't tried to do that.
I haven't tried yet.
I haven't tried.
I haven't twigged yet why the cupboard door won't close properly.
I haven't understood anything so far.
I haven't understood anything that you've said.
I haven't understood anything you've said.
I haven't understood anything.
I haven't understood at all what the aim of your question is.
I haven't understood his explanations.
I haven't understood it completely. Can you give me an example?
I haven't understood it yet.
I haven't understood.
I haven't unleashed my full power.
I haven't unpacked my clothes yet.
I haven't unpacked yet.
I haven't used Anki for a week, and now I'm behind by 500 cards.
I haven't used Anki in a week and now I have 500 flashcards due.
I haven't used French in a long time and I've forgotten a lot of words.
I haven't used any of this stuff in a long time.
I haven't used checks in years.
I haven't used my time wisely.
I haven't used that site in ten years.
I haven't used the record player for ages.
I haven't used this app in a long time.
I haven't used this much.
I haven't used this pot in a long time.
I haven't used this very much.
I haven't visited Algeria in forty years.
I haven't visited Kabylie yet.
I haven't visited Lebanon.
I haven't visited London yet.
I haven't visited Tom in a long time.
I haven't visited the headquarters of Twitter.
I haven't voted yet.
I haven't walked that far in years.
I haven't walked to school in a long time.
I haven't washed my car in a long time.
I haven't washed my hair for three weeks.
I haven't washed my hair in a week.
I haven't washed my hair.
I haven't washed my hands yet.
I haven't washed my hands.
I haven't washed the car yet.
I haven't washed the dishes yet.
I haven't washed the dishes yet?
I haven't washed the dishes.
I haven't watched much of it, though.
I haven't watched that film yet.
I haven't watched that video yet.
I haven't watched that video.
I haven't watered the flowers yet.
I haven't watered the flowers.
I haven't watered the garden yet.
I haven't weighed myself recently.
I haven't won anything in my whole life.
I haven't won anything yet.
I haven't won yet.
I haven't worked at all for the last three years.
I haven't worked for many years.
I haven't worked for years.
I haven't worked in France.
I haven't worked in three months.
I haven't worked on anything like that in a while.
I haven't worked on my land.
I haven't worked out yet why the cupboard door won't close properly.
I haven't worked since then.
I haven't worked up the courage to tell her yet.
I haven't worn a suit and tie since I retired.
I haven't worn this in years.
I haven't worn this tie in almost three years.
I haven't written Tom a letter in a long time.
I haven't written Tom back.
I haven't written Tom in a long time.
I haven't written a letter in a long time.
I haven't written a letter to Tom in a long time.
I haven't written a letter to anyone in a long time.
I haven't written any new poems in a long time.
I haven't written anything for months.
I haven't written anything yet.
I haven't written anything.
I haven't written for a long time.
I haven't written the letter yet.
I haven't written to Tom in a long time.
I haven't written to Tom since last October.
I haven't written to Tom yet.
I haven't yet apologized for doing that.
I haven't yet apologized.
I haven't yet applied for a visa.
I haven't yet asked Tom for his opinion.
I haven't yet asked Tom to do that.
I haven't yet asked Tom to leave early.
I haven't yet asked anybody for help.
I haven't yet asked anyone for help.
I haven't yet asked anyone to help.
I haven't yet attempted to do that.
I haven't yet been home.
I haven't yet been notified.
I haven't yet been paid for doing that.
I haven't yet been paid.
I haven't yet been to Australia this year.
I haven't yet been to Australia.
I haven't yet been to Boston this year.
I haven't yet been to Boston.
I haven't yet been told how much they are willing to pay.
I haven't yet been told what to do.
I haven't yet been working here for very long.
I haven't yet bought Tom a Christmas present.
I haven't yet bought all the textbooks I need.
I haven't yet bought all the textbooks that I need.
I haven't yet bought bread.
I haven't yet bought my ticket.
I haven't yet bought the tickets.
I haven't yet bought you a Christmas present.
I haven't yet called back.
I haven't yet called the police.
I haven't yet cleaned my room.
I haven't yet cleaned the kitchen.
I haven't yet climbed Mt. Fuji.
I haven't yet collected sufficient materials to write a book.
I haven't yet confirmed that.
I haven't yet convinced Tom not to do that.
I haven't yet convinced Tom to do that.
I haven't yet counted.
I haven't yet decided what to do.
I haven't yet decided.
I haven't yet deleted all the duplicate photos.
I haven't yet deleted any messages.
I haven't yet discussed that with my wife.
I haven't yet done all I need to do.
I haven't yet done enough.
I haven't yet done everything I have to do.
I haven't yet done everything I need to do.
I haven't yet done everything I should do.
I haven't yet done everything that has to be done.
I haven't yet done everything that needs to be done.
I haven't yet done much.
I haven't yet done my homework.
I haven't yet done that today.
I haven't yet done that.
I haven't yet done what I have to do.
I haven't yet done what I need to do.
I haven't yet done what I promised I'd do.
I haven't yet done what I was supposed to do.
I haven't yet done what I was told to do.
I haven't yet done what Mary said she wanted me to do.
I haven't yet done what Tom and Mary said they wanted me to do.
I haven't yet done what Tom said I had to do.
I haven't yet done what Tom said I needed to do.
I haven't yet done what Tom said I should do.
I haven't yet done what Tom said he wanted me to do.
I haven't yet done what needs to be done.
I haven't yet done what you asked me to do.
I haven't yet done what you said I had to do.
I haven't yet done what you said I needed to do.
I haven't yet done what you said I should do.
I haven't yet done what you said needed to be done.
I haven't yet done what you said you wanted me to do.
I haven't yet done what you told me to do.
I haven't yet done what you've asked me to do.
I haven't yet eaten anything today.
I haven't yet edited this video.
I haven't yet even written a rough draft.
I haven't yet figured out how to do that.
I haven't yet figured that out.
I haven't yet filed a formal complaint.
I haven't yet finished breakfast.
I haven't yet finished doing my homework.
I haven't yet finished doing that.
I haven't yet finished eating.
I haven't yet finished high school.
I haven't yet finished my homework.
I haven't yet finished my supper.
I haven't yet finished reading that book.
I haven't yet finished reading this book.
I haven't yet finished writing the report.
I haven't yet formed my own opinion.
I haven't yet found inner peace about this.
I haven't yet found the problem.
I haven't yet found what I've been looking for.
I haven't yet fully recovered.
I haven't yet given Tom permission to do that.
I haven't yet given up hope.
I haven't yet given up on that idea.
I haven't yet given up.
I haven't yet got over my cold.
I haven't yet gotten Tom's permission to do that.
I haven't yet gotten over my cold.
I haven't yet gotten used to doing that.
I haven't yet gotten used to doing this.
I haven't yet gotten used to how they do things here.
I haven't yet gotten used to it.
I haven't yet gotten used to living here.
I haven't yet gotten used to the food here.
I haven't yet gotten used to weather here.
I haven't yet graduated from high school.
I haven't yet graduated.
I haven't yet had a chance to see that movie.
I haven't yet had an appointment with this accountant.
I haven't yet had time to do that.
I haven't yet had time to see about a hotel for the night.
I haven't yet heard back from Tom.
I haven't yet heard that story.
I haven't yet installed it.
I haven't yet kissed Tom.
I haven't yet learned how to do that.
I haven't yet made amends with all the people I've hurt.
I haven't yet made plans for next weekend.
I haven't yet made up my mind.
I haven't yet met Tom's parents.
I haven't yet met Tom.
I haven't yet met anyone I'd want to spend the rest of my life with.
I haven't yet met anyone that I'd like to spend the rest of my life with.
I haven't yet met anyone that I'd want to spend the rest of my life with.
I haven't yet met anyone with whom I'd want to spend the rest of my life.
I haven't yet met either of Tom's sisters.
I haven't yet met my father's new wife.
I haven't yet met the family Tom lived with in Australia.
I haven't yet met the family Tom lived with in Boston.
I haven't yet packed my suitcase.
I haven't yet paid back the loan.
I haven't yet paid back the money I owe Tom.
I haven't yet paid for that.
I haven't yet paid for the ticket.
I haven't yet paid my dues.
I haven't yet paid my membership dues.
I haven't yet practiced the piano today.
I haven't yet read all of these books.
I haven't yet read all of those books.
I haven't yet read all the books that Tom lent me.
I haven't yet read all these books.
I haven't yet read any of the messages Tom sent me yesterday.
I haven't yet read any of these books.
I haven't yet read that book.
I haven't yet read the article that Tom wrote.
I haven't yet read the book Tom lent me.
I haven't yet read the book you're talking about.
I haven't yet read the instructions.
I haven't yet read the message from Tom.
I haven't yet read the new memorandum on internal security.
I haven't yet read the report you wrote.
I haven't yet read the report.
I haven't yet read this book.
I haven't yet received a reply.
I haven't yet received the letter Barbara sent last week.
I haven't yet received the letter you sent to me.
I haven't yet received the money I've been promised.
I haven't yet reported Tom missing.
I haven't yet returned the money I borrowed from Tom.
I haven't yet ruled out doing that.
I haven't yet ruled out leaving early.
I haven't yet said anything to Tom about that.
I haven't yet said goodbye to Tom.
I haven't yet seen all I want to see in Boston.
I haven't yet seen that happen in Australia.
I haven't yet seen that happen in Boston.
I haven't yet seen that movie.
I haven't yet seen that video.
I haven't yet seen the movie you're talking about.
I haven't yet settled this internally.
I haven't yet shown this to Tom.
I haven't yet shown this to my wife.
I haven't yet signed the contract.
I haven't yet spoken to everybody.
I haven't yet spoken to everyone.
I haven't yet started learning Kabyle composition.
I haven't yet taken out the garbage.
I haven't yet talked about that with my wife.
I haven't yet talked to Tom about that.
I haven't yet talked to my lawyer about this.
I haven't yet talked to the manager.
I haven't yet talked with my wife about that.
I haven't yet thanked you enough.
I haven't yet told Tom I'm not going to do that.
I haven't yet told Tom about that.
I haven't yet told Tom that I'm going to do that.
I haven't yet told Tom that I'm not going to do that.
I haven't yet told Tom what I expect him to do.
I haven't yet told Tom what I have to do.
I haven't yet told Tom what I want to do.
I haven't yet told Tom what to do.
I haven't yet told Tom why I did that.
I haven't yet told Tom why I left early.
I haven't yet told Tom why I need to do that.
I haven't yet told anybody else.
I haven't yet told anybody what I found.
I haven't yet told anybody what I have to do.
I haven't yet told anybody what I need to do.
I haven't yet told anybody what I want to do.
I haven't yet told anybody what we have to do.
I haven't yet told anybody what we need to do.
I haven't yet told anyone else.
I haven't yet told anyone what I found.
I haven't yet told anyone what I have to do.
I haven't yet told anyone what I need to do.
I haven't yet told anyone what I want to do.
I haven't yet told anyone what we have to do.
I haven't yet told anyone what we need to do.
I haven't yet told you everything.
I haven't yet tried doing that that way.
I haven't yet tried doing that.
I haven't yet tried to do that.
I haven't yet unpacked my suitcase.
I haven't yet unpacked.
I haven't yet used the new hammer that you gave me.
I haven't yet used the new hammer you gave me.
I haven't yet visited Australia.
I haven't yet visited Boston.
I haven't yet washed my hands.
I haven't yet washed the dishes.
I haven't yet watched that video.
I haven't yet watched the video.
I haven't yet watched the videos that you recommended.
I haven't yet watched the videos you recommended.
I haven't yet watered the flowers.
I haven't yet written anything in this notebook.
I haven’t a cent to my name.
I haven’t a very good dictionary.
I haven’t been able to remember her address.
I haven’t been able to solve the problem yet.
I haven’t been back here since that unfortunate incident.
I haven’t been back here since the incident.
I haven’t been feeling like myself since last month.
I haven’t been getting enough sleep lately.
I haven’t been in contact with Mr Smith recently.
I haven’t been to Paris yet.
I haven’t been trained to parallel park yet. I probably could do it if I have plenty of time, but I’d be very nervous.
I haven’t bought a new coat in five years.
I haven’t bought a pair of shoes for six months; I deserve a new pair so I think I’ll go buy them!
I haven’t completely given up the idea.
I haven’t decided either way. I want to keep an eye on how things go.
I haven’t decided which job to apply for.
I haven’t decided yet whether I will attend the party.
I haven’t decided yet whether I’ll go to college or get a job.
I haven’t decided yet, but I prefer flying to going by train.
I haven’t decided yet, but I’ll let you know by the time we leave.
I haven’t decided yet.
I haven’t eaten French food since I left France.
I haven’t eaten anything in the past three days.
I haven’t eaten anything since yesterday.
I haven’t eaten breakfast yet.
I haven’t eaten dinner yet this evening.
I haven’t eaten for days.
I haven’t eaten lunch yet.
I haven’t eaten since breakfast and I’m very hungry.
I haven’t eaten very much but have gained as much as five kilos in a half year.
I haven’t eaten yet.
I haven’t enough material to write a book yet.
I haven’t even thought about what I’m going to wear to the dinner.
I haven’t fallen in love like this since I was seventeen.
I haven’t finished all my homework yet.
I haven’t finished my homework yet.
I haven’t finished reading the book yet.
I haven’t finished reading this book.
I haven’t forgotten.
I haven’t got a clue as to why he quit so suddenly.
I haven’t got enough money to buy it.
I haven’t got in touch with him for a long time.
I haven’t got much money with me.
I haven’t got the nerve to ask you for a loan.
I haven’t got time to deal with this letter. Could you deal with it?
I haven’t had a chance to see the movie yet.
I haven’t had a coffee yet.
I haven’t had a night shift like that in a while.
I haven’t had a reply to my letter.
I haven’t had a square meal for a week.
I haven’t had any chocolate cake in a month of Sundays.
I haven’t had enough sleep because I sat up all night.
I haven’t had much time to see Japan.
I haven’t had such a good time in years.
I haven’t had the chance to introduce myself to her.
I haven’t had time to do the dishes for two days; they are in a pile in the kitchen sink.
I haven’t heard a word from him as yet.
I haven’t heard a word from them in over four years.
I haven’t heard anyone call him a late bloomer in a while. But I do wonder when he’s going to grow up.
I haven’t heard anything from him since then. I wonder what he’s up to.
I haven’t heard anything from him since then. I wonder what in the world he’s doing.
I haven’t heard from Jane since she moved to Tokyo.
I haven’t heard from Tanaka for the last six months.
I haven’t heard from her for a long time.
I haven’t heard from him for a long time.
I haven’t heard from him for ages.
I haven’t heard from him of late. I hope he is not sick.
I haven’t heard from him since last June.
I haven’t heard from him since then.
I haven’t heard from him these several months.
I haven’t heard from my son who is overseas.
I haven’t heard from you for a long time.
I haven’t heard of him since then.
I haven’t heard that story yet.
I haven’t kept any secrets from you.
I haven’t known the fact up to now.
I haven’t learned to park backwards yet. I park forwards, and then when I leave the parking spot I go backwards.
I haven’t learnt it yet.
I haven’t lost any weight.
I haven’t made up my mind sufficiently enough to agree with you.
I haven’t made up my mind yet.
I haven’t many brothers.
I haven’t met both of his sons.
I haven’t met friends.
I haven’t met her.
I haven’t met him before.
I haven’t met him even once.
I haven’t met him in person, but I know of him.
I haven’t met him properly yet.
I haven’t met him.
I haven’t met with Tom recently.
I haven’t my dictionary at hand.
I haven’t put on the jacket yet.
I haven’t quite finished eating.
I haven’t read all of his novels.
I haven’t read all of these books.
I haven’t read all the books on the shelves.
I haven’t read any of his novels.
I haven’t read both his novels, but judging from the one I have read, he seems to be a promising writer.
I haven’t read both of her novels.
I haven’t read both of his novels.
I haven’t read either book.
I haven’t read either of her novels.
I haven’t read either of his novels.
I haven’t read his novel, and my brother hasn’t either.
I haven’t read the final page of the novel yet.
I haven’t read the paper lately, so I don’t know who we’re electing this year.
I haven’t read this new novel, and my sister hasn’t either.
I haven’t received any notice that she’s coming.
I haven’t seen Bill for a long time.
I haven’t seen Karen since we fell out last month.
I haven’t seen Rick since he returned from New Zealand.
I haven’t seen Tom lately.
I haven’t seen Tom since 1988.
I haven’t seen Xiaowang for a month now; perhaps he’s already gone back to his own country.
I haven’t seen anyone that enjoyed a better life than his, even though his living conditions were terrible.
I haven’t seen anything of Mr Kimura lately.
I haven’t seen anything of her lately.
I haven’t seen anything of him for some time.
I haven’t seen anything of him lately.
I haven’t seen her for a long time.
I haven’t seen her for ages.
I haven’t seen her in three days.
I haven’t seen her in years.
I haven’t seen her since last month.
I haven’t seen her since then.
I haven’t seen him for a long time.
I haven’t seen him for a very long time.
I haven’t seen him for about three years.
I haven’t seen him for years.
I haven’t seen him in three days.
I haven’t seen him lately.
I haven’t seen him since last Sunday.
I haven’t seen him since then.
I haven’t seen him this morning. Maybe he’s already left for the meeting.
I haven’t seen much of him recently.
I haven’t seen my friends for weeks. I heard they moved to another city.
I haven’t seen the movie, nor do I want to.
I haven’t seen them anywhere.
I haven’t seen you for a long time, Bill.
I haven’t seen you for a long time.
I haven’t seen you for a long time. Come and see me once in a while.
I haven’t seen you for a while.
I haven’t seen you for ages.
I haven’t seen you for ages. Do you remember when I saw you last?
I haven’t seen you in a long time.
I haven’t seen you in ages.
I haven’t seen you since high school.
I haven’t slept for days.
I haven’t slept so well for months.
I haven’t slept well recently, so my skin is falling apart.
I haven’t slept well recently.
I haven’t smoked for ages.
I haven’t spoken to him in over two years.
I haven’t studied physics much all semester.
I haven’t studied that much!
I haven’t talked about this to anyone.
I haven’t talked to you in a while.
I haven’t talked to you in a while. So what have you been doing?
I haven’t the faintest idea what you mean.
I haven’t the faintest idea.
I haven’t the foggiest idea.
I haven’t the foggiest.
I haven’t the time to read.
I haven’t touched a tennis racket in years.
I haven’t used Anki in a week and now I have 500 flashcards due.
I haven’t visited the headquarters of Twitter.
I haven’t washed my hair.
I haven’t worked up the courage to tell her yet.
I haven’t yet had time to see about a hotel for the night.
I head from Tom Mary will be coming to Boston next week.
I head from Tom that Mary will be coming to Boston next week.
I headed back down the trail.
I headed back home.
I headed back inside.
I headed back to Boston.
I headed back to the cabin.
I headed back to the hotel.
I headed back to the village.
I headed down to that area.
I headed for home.
I headed for the exit.
I headed for the way out.
I headed home for dinner.
I headed out there.
I headed out.
I headed straight home.
I headed to my grandma's house.
I headed to the altar and fell to my knees.
I headed to the bathroom.
I headed to the club.
I headed to the library.
I headed town to the park.
I hear Akira practices archery every Friday.
I hear Antarctica's pretty this time of year.
I hear Australia is equally nice.
I hear Berber all the time.
I hear Boston is hot this time of year.
I hear Boston is nice this time of year.
I hear Boston is pretty this time of year.
I hear Boston is very cold this time of year.
I hear Latin music is taking the music industry by storm this year.
I hear Lise singing.
I hear Louis' goose.
I hear Mr Inoue has put up at that hotel.
I hear Poland has cheap shopping.
I hear Robert is sick.
I hear Tat.
I hear Tom and Mary are coming to town next weekend.
I hear Tom and Mary are considering getting divorced.
I hear Tom and Mary are excellent tennis players.
I hear Tom and Mary are getting divorced.
I hear Tom and Mary are getting married.
I hear Tom and Mary are going to quit doing that.
I hear Tom and Mary are interested.
I hear Tom and Mary are planning to get divorced.
I hear Tom and Mary are sick.
I hear Tom and Mary are still doing that.
I hear Tom and Mary are still waiting for visas.
I hear Tom and Mary are very busy.
I hear Tom and Mary are very good at swimming.
I hear Tom and Mary do that.
I hear Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
I hear Tom and Mary don't drink beer.
I hear Tom and Mary don't drink tea.
I hear Tom and Mary don't eat meat.
I hear Tom and Mary don't work with you anymore.
I hear Tom and Mary have been quite busy.
I hear Tom and Mary have both quit school.
I hear Tom and Mary have both resigned.
I hear Tom and Mary have split up.
I hear Tom and Mary haven't been helping you.
I hear Tom and Mary were the ones who taught you how to play the cello.
I hear Tom broke his shoulder.
I hear Tom can play golf quite well.
I hear Tom can ride a unicycle.
I hear Tom crying at night.
I hear Tom crying every night.
I hear Tom does that.
I hear Tom doesn't do that anymore.
I hear Tom doesn't drink beer.
I hear Tom doesn't drink tea.
I hear Tom doesn't eat meat.
I hear Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
I hear Tom doesn't read very well.
I hear Tom doesn't work with you anymore.
I hear Tom finally dumped you.
I hear Tom goes to your school.
I hear Tom got sick.
I hear Tom has been hanging out with an older woman.
I hear Tom has been quite busy.
I hear Tom has been working overtime.
I hear Tom has dropped out of school.
I hear Tom has quit drinking.
I hear Tom has quit school.
I hear Tom has resigned.
I hear Tom hasn't been helping you.
I hear Tom hates you.
I hear Tom is a good banjo player. Is that true?
I hear Tom is a juicer.
I hear Tom is an excellent tennis player.
I hear Tom is coming to town next weekend.
I hear Tom is getting married.
I hear Tom is going to quit doing that.
I hear Tom is good at chess.
I hear Tom is good at dancing. Is that true?
I hear Tom is interested.
I hear Tom is looking for a job.
I hear Tom is looking for work.
I hear Tom is pretty good at speaking French.
I hear Tom is sick.
I hear Tom is still doing that.
I hear Tom is still waiting for a visa.
I hear Tom is very busy.
I hear Tom is very good at swimming.
I hear Tom isn't in Australia now.
I hear Tom joined the army.
I hear Tom killed a man.
I hear Tom might be coming to Australia.
I hear Tom might be coming to Boston.
I hear Tom might do it.
I hear Tom might do that.
I hear Tom might leave sometime this week.
I hear Tom plans on fighting.
I hear Tom really likes living in Australia.
I hear Tom really likes living in Boston.
I hear Tom sleeps in the nude.
I hear Tom stole a car.
I hear Tom was the one who taught you how to play the cello.
I hear Tom will come at about 2:30.
I hear Tom will come on Monday.
I hear Tom will do that tomorrow.
I hear Tom will quit doing that.
I hear Tom won't do that again.
I hear Tom's a bit of a drinker.
I hear Tom's a white nationalist; I would be careful around him.
I hear Tom's friend can speak 13 languages.
I hear Tom's voice.
I hear Ziri fart all the time.
I hear a baby crying.
I hear a cat scratching at the window.
I hear a cat.
I hear a chime coming from somewhere.
I hear a dog bark.
I hear a dog barking in the distance.
I hear a dog barking in the woods.
I hear a dog barking.
I hear a dog panting.
I hear a dog.
I hear a horse.
I hear a lot about women who regretted leaving work to get married.
I hear a lot of geese every time I'm at the condominium.
I hear a lot of girls wear bikinis at that beach.
I hear a magpie cawing.
I hear a noise offensive to the ear.
I hear a phone ringing.
I hear a sound in the distance.
I hear a strange sound.
I hear a train coming.
I hear a woodpecker.
I hear and obey.
I hear bats.
I hear birds singing.
I hear birdsong.
I hear both Tom and Mary have quit school.
I hear both Tom and Mary have resigned.
I hear cats.
I hear cicadas almost every day.
I hear everything you say.
I hear everything you're saying.
I hear foetal heart sounds.
I hear footsteps ahead.
I hear footsteps outside.
I hear footsteps.
I hear from Tom at least once a month.
I hear from her now and then.
I hear from her once in a while.
I hear from him every now and then.
I hear from him once a month.
I hear from him once in a while.
I hear from my friend every month.
I hear from my friend every year.
I hear from my mother every month.
I hear from my mother once in a while.
I hear he got sick.
I hear he has been ill since last month.
I hear he is a Tokyo University professor.
I hear he is good at mahjong.
I hear he is ill.
I hear he is in bad health these days.
I hear he is looking for work.
I hear he is somebody in his village.
I hear he is to go abroad for study as soon as he graduates from school.
I hear he met with some kind of misfortune while he was in Europe.
I hear he traveled by bicycle from Hokkaido to Kyushu.
I hear he was released after five years in prison.
I hear he was set free after doing five years in prison.
I hear he's a good cook, is that true?
I hear he's just begun looking for another job.
I hear he's very careful with her.
I hear her singing.
I hear he’s just begun looking for another job.
I hear him falling.
I hear him singing.
I hear his business is on the verge of going bankrupt.
I hear his business is on the verge of ruin.
I hear his father is in hospital now.
I hear how it is in pain.
I hear it fine, but I'll record it again so it's clearer.
I hear it now.
I hear it takes time to make friends with the English people.
I hear it's OK.
I hear it's buried under all that snow.
I hear it's nice.
I hear it.
I hear it’s buried under all that snow.
I hear joy in Tom's voice.
I hear laughing.
I hear mumbling all around me, but I can't make out what is being said.
I hear music, and you?
I hear music.
I hear my father was as old as I am now when he came up to Tokyo.
I hear my uncle died of cancer.
I hear no sound.
I hear nothing.
I hear only you.
I hear ringing in my ears.
I hear she has been absent from school.
I hear she is a secretary to Mr Smith.
I hear she is going to get married next month.
I hear she's a famous actress.
I hear she's a sleek bit of mink.
I hear she’s a famous actress.
I hear sirens.
I hear some guy, presumably a caretaker, going "Rawr, I'm going to eat you!" from the nursery school across the street.
I hear some screaming.
I hear some strange sounds in the woods.
I hear some tribes in eastern Africa live on milk products.
I hear somebody crying.
I hear somebody talking.
I hear someone calling.
I hear someone coming.
I hear someone crying.
I hear someone singing.
I hear someone talking.
I hear someone's voice.
I hear someone.
I hear something.
I hear sugar is cheaper at the store where Tom and Mary work.
I hear sugar is cheaper at the store where Tom works.
I hear tell you're going to get married.
I hear tell you’re going to get married.
I hear that Americans spell it l-a-b-o-r.
I hear that Bob and Lucy have broken up.
I hear that French is difficult to learn.
I hear that French is easy to learn.
I hear that French is hard to learn.
I hear that French isn't difficult to learn.
I hear that French isn't hard to learn.
I hear that Mary is very pretty.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
I hear that Tom Jackson is one of the best lawyers in Boston.
I hear that Tom and Mary are both planning to retire in October.
I hear that Tom and Mary are considering getting divorced.
I hear that Tom and Mary are getting divorced.
I hear that Tom and Mary are going to do that.
I hear that Tom and Mary are good at doing that.
I hear that Tom and Mary are planning to get divorced.
I hear that Tom and Mary are retired.
I hear that Tom and Mary aren't in Boston now.
I hear that Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
I hear that Tom and Mary got married.
I hear that Tom and Mary have both dropped out of school.
I hear that Tom and Mary have broken up.
I hear that Tom and Mary have eloped.
I hear that Tom and Mary have split up.
I hear that Tom and Mary plan on doing that tomorrow.
I hear that Tom and Mary plan to do that tomorrow.
I hear that Tom and Mary really like basketball.
I hear that Tom and Mary really like living in Boston.
I hear that Tom broke his shoulder.
I hear that Tom can speak French quite fluently.
I hear that Tom can speak French well.
I hear that Tom can speak French.
I hear that Tom doesn't do that anymore.
I hear that Tom eats insects.
I hear that Tom got married.
I hear that Tom has been hanging out with an older woman.
I hear that Tom has quit drinking.
I hear that Tom hired you.
I hear that Tom is going to do that.
I hear that Tom is good at doing that.
I hear that Tom is in the hospital now.
I hear that Tom is now a teacher.
I hear that Tom is planning to retire in October.
I hear that Tom is retired.
I hear that Tom isn't in Australia now.
I hear that Tom isn't in Boston now.
I hear that Tom isn’t in Boston now.
I hear that Tom might be coming to Australia.
I hear that Tom now works at the same company as Mary does.
I hear that Tom plans on doing that tomorrow.
I hear that Tom plans to do that tomorrow.
I hear that Tom really likes basketball.
I hear that Tom really likes living in Australia.
I hear that Tom really likes living in Boston.
I hear that Tom really speaks French well.
I hear that Tom sleeps in the nude.
I hear that Tom volunteered.
I hear that Tom was caught stealing garden furniture.
I hear that Tom will be giving a speech tomorrow.
I hear that Tom will do that.
I hear that Tom won't do that again.
I hear that Tom won't do that.
I hear that Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
I hear that Tom wouldn't do that.
I hear that Tom's widow has gotten married.
I hear that Tom's widow has gotten remarried.
I hear that Ziri eats insects.
I hear that a lot.
I hear that barbers make a lot of money.
I hear that both Tom and Mary are planning to retire in October.
I hear that both Tom and Mary have dropped out of school.
I hear that even taxi drivers often get lost in Tokyo.
I hear that he eats frogs.
I hear that he sold his house.
I hear that he's still alive.
I hear that he's very rich.
I hear that her father is abroad.
I hear that his father is abroad.
I hear that his father is in another country.
I hear that his father is in the hospital now.
I hear that it has quite the reputation with coffee connoisseurs.
I hear that it's good to cool the back of your neck when it's hot outside.
I hear that it's good to cool the back of your neck when it's hot.
I hear that keeping yourself hydrated at appropriate times can help prevent heatstroke.
I hear that movie is supposed to be good.
I hear that popular group will be disbanded.
I hear that she is a famous actress.
I hear that she's Mr. Smith's secretary.
I hear that she's a famous actress.
I hear that she's in the hospital now.
I hear that she’s a famous actress.
I hear that store is in the center of the city.
I hear that studying in the morning is more effective. Studying one hour in the morning is as good as three hours at night.
I hear that that house over there has full-size candy bars.
I hear that the "rocks" on Titan are actually made of ice, not rock.
I hear that the car Tom bought used to belong to Mary.
I hear that the competition is tough.
I hear that the network is very popular now.
I hear that the number of the unemployed has been increasing recently.
I hear that there are people in Japan that keep penguins as pets.
I hear that there are people in Japan who keep penguins as pets.
I hear that they're going to close down that club.
I hear that you are a good tennis player.
I hear that you are going to the United States.
I hear that you are having an unusually cold winter.
I hear that you can burn CDs with Windows XP; could you tell me a website that explains the procedures involved?
I hear that you did that yesterday.
I hear that you don't get along with Tom.
I hear that you don't have to go to Australia.
I hear that you felt ill at ease at the party.
I hear that you have a meeting today.
I hear that you kissed Tom yesterday.
I hear that you kissed my girlfriend.
I hear that you married a rich man.
I hear that you play the piano.
I hear that you took the train ticket across Russia.
I hear that you were in Australia recently.
I hear that you would be a good tennis player.
I hear that you yourself are quite the smooth operator.
I hear that you'll have a meeting today.
I hear that you're a very good banjo player.
I hear that you're bilingual now.
I hear that you're coming next summer.
I hear that you're from Australia.
I hear that you're going to Australia.
I hear that you're moving back to Australia.
I hear that you're moving to Australia.
I hear that you're not well.
I hear that you're planning to move to Boston.
I hear that you're very good at what you do.
I hear that you're very talented.
I hear that you've been ill.
I hear that you've been sick.
I hear that you’ll have a meeting today.
I hear that you’re not well.
I hear that you’ve been ill.
I hear that.
I hear the Freemasons have a secret handshake.
I hear the bells ringing.
I hear the birds singing.
I hear the birds.
I hear the buzz of a fan, the drip of the faucet, the hum of the fridge, the tick of the clock, the whoosh of cars passing by the house.
I hear the cat scratching at the window.
I hear the cat scratching the window.
I hear the competition is brutal.
I hear the competition is pretty fierce.
I hear the competition is pretty stiff.
I hear the competition is tough.
I hear the dog barking.
I hear the drum.
I hear the elevator coming up.
I hear the elevator.
I hear the governor's been getting money under the table from tobacco companies.
I hear the governor’s been getting money under the table from tobacco companies.
I hear the grass in England is green even in the winter.
I hear the grass is green even in the winter in England.
I hear the hubbub of the children in the background.
I hear the message just fine; it's faith that I lack.
I hear the music from the ice cream truck.
I hear the music from the ice cream van.
I hear the music.
I hear the noise.
I hear the phone.
I hear the river.
I hear the service there is good and the food is delicious.
I hear the sky is very beautiful there.
I hear the store is in the center of the city.
I hear the storks clacking from up in the belfry.
I hear the train approaching.
I hear the train arriving.
I hear the twittering of birds.
I hear the wind blow.
I hear their marriage is on the rocks and they'll probably file for divorce soon.
I hear their marriage is on the rocks and they’ll probably file for divorce soon.
I hear there are a lot of foxes around here, but I seldom see any.
I hear there are many foxes in this area, but I rarely see any.
I hear there was an earthquake in Australia.
I hear there was an earthquake in Shizuoka.
I hear there's rumors on the, uh, Internets, that we're going to have a draft.
I hear they do that sort of thing a lot.
I hear they have a lot of problems with the tunnels in New Zealand.
I hear they have a secret weapon.
I hear they pay pretty well.
I hear they're building a new airport in Boston.
I hear they're pretty good.
I hear this is the coldest winter we have had in the past ten years.
I hear three men speaking a foreign language.
I hear through the wall what they're saying.
I hear to tons of Berber every day.
I hear voices in my head.
I hear voices when I am alone.
I hear voices when I'm alone.
I hear voices.
I hear we're going to have a grand toast for the CEO!
I hear we're having a fire drill today.
I hear what you're saying.
I hear with my ears.
I hear you Americans like to move from place to place.
I hear you Irish are a bunch of drinkin' fools.
I hear you Irish are a bunch of drinkin’ fools.
I hear you are getting divorced.
I hear you are good at cooking.
I hear you are still associating with him.
I hear you are taking English lessons.
I hear you bought a house near here.
I hear you bought a laptop.
I hear you bought a new car.
I hear you clear.
I hear you did something stupid.
I hear you don't have to go to Australia.
I hear you don't have to go to Boston.
I hear you five-by-five.
I hear you found Tom.
I hear you get a free forehead tattoo when you join the gang.
I hear you got fired.
I hear you got married again.
I hear you had your driver's license canceled.
I hear you had your driver’s license canceled.
I hear you have a date tonight.
I hear you have a girlfriend now.
I hear you have a list.
I hear you have a new girlfriend.
I hear you have always been loved by this man.
I hear you have been sick.
I hear you have friends in the CIA.
I hear you have jobs for us.
I hear you have to work late today.
I hear you helped Tom build his house.
I hear you just got married.
I hear you know how to speak French.
I hear you loud and clear.
I hear you love my brother.
I hear you married a rich man.
I hear you passed the entrance exam. Congratulations!
I hear you retired.
I hear you say "Why?" Always "Why?" You see things; and you say "Why?" But I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?"
I hear you speaking.
I hear you studied at Harvard.
I hear you think I'm crazy.
I hear you very well.
I hear you wanted to see me?
I hear you well.
I hear you went to Australia.
I hear you went to Harvard.
I hear you went to camping last weekend.
I hear you went to the United States.
I hear you were grounded.
I hear you were in Australia recently.
I hear you were in Boston recently.
I hear you wish to marry my daughter? Well and good. But the man who is to be her husband must first collect all the birds in the world, and bring them into the gardens of the palace; for hitherto no birds have made their homes in the trees.
I hear you won the lottery.
I hear you'll set up a new company.
I hear you're a doctor now.
I hear you're a good violinist.
I hear you're a poker player.
I hear you're a tough guy.
I hear you're an artist.
I hear you're applying to Harvard.
I hear you're from Australia.
I hear you're from Boston.
I hear you're getting married again.
I hear you're getting married.
I hear you're good at French.
I hear you're good at golf.
I hear you're good at playing the banjo.
I hear you're good at tennis.
I hear you're helping her.
I hear you're interested in making a deal.
I hear you're looking for a new assistant.
I hear you're moving back to Australia.
I hear you're moving back to Boston.
I hear you're moving into the house across the street from us.
I hear you're moving out.
I hear you're moving to Australia.
I hear you're moving to Boston.
I hear you're not well.
I hear you're now a doctor.
I hear you're on bad terms with Owen.
I hear you're on bad terms with Tom.
I hear you're planning to move to Boston.
I hear you're rich.
I hear you're selling your car. What do you want for it?
I hear you're selling your motorcycle. How much do you want for it?
I hear you're studying French with Tom.
I hear you're studying French.
I hear you're very good at French.
I hear you're very good at baseball.
I hear you're very rich.
I hear you're very talented.
I hear you're well paid.
I hear you've all been pretty busy yourselves.
I hear you've already contacted the broker.
I hear you've been asking questions about Tom.
I hear you've been asking questions about me.
I hear you've been doing some pretty nasty things.
I hear you've been hanging around with Tom.
I hear you've been hanging out with Tom.
I hear you've been ill.
I hear you've been looking for me.
I hear you've been offered the job.
I hear you've been pretty busy yourself.
I hear you've been promoted.
I hear you've been sick.
I hear you've been walking around town with no clothes on.
I hear you've done some pretty extreme stuff.
I hear you've found a new job.
I hear you've given up smoking.
I hear you've got a boyfriend.
I hear you've got a new girlfriend.
I hear you've got a new nickname.
I hear you've quit smoking.
I hear you've stopped smoking.
I hear you, Tom.
I hear you, but I don't see you.
I hear you, but I don’t see you.
I hear you.
I hear your brothers are well.
I hear your childish laughter.
I hear your steps and I know you are returning home.
I hear your voice as the fog covers the city this Sunday morning.
I hear your voice, but I can't see you.
I hear your voice.
I hear you’ll set up a new company.
I hear you’re on bad terms with Owen.
I hear you’re very rich.
I hear you’ve already contacted the broker.
I hear you’ve done some pretty extreme stuff.
I hear you’ve got a new girlfriend.
I hear.
I heard Australia is famous for beautiful women.
I heard Benedito had a terrible date last night.
I heard Benedito is dating someone new.
I heard Boston is safe.
I heard Christian-like anti-science sentiments again. Christians feel poverty in the face of science.
I heard Cookie barking.
I heard Grandad sweeping the drive and went out to help him.
I heard I was needed.
I heard Jill play the piano.
I heard John speak to Mr Brown.
I heard John speak to Mr. Brown.
I heard Layla's car drive off.
I heard Mary bragging about how much money she made.
I heard Mary crying in her room, so I went to check on her to see if she was OK.
I heard Mary humming to herself while she washed dishes.
I heard Mary is pregnant. When is she due?
I heard Mary is really cute.
I heard Mary say she needed to find Tom.
I heard Mary's class is conspiring against you.
I heard Mary's going through a hard time.
I heard Mary's singing.
I heard Mrs. Inglethorp call "Cynthia" impatiently, and the girl started and ran back to the house.
I heard Roger Waters perform The Wall live.
I heard Tom Jackson lives here.
I heard Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with.
I heard Tom and Mary are going to quit doing that.
I heard Tom and Mary are sick.
I heard Tom and Mary arguing.
I heard Tom and Mary bragging about how much money they made.
I heard Tom and Mary crying in their rooms.
I heard Tom and Mary fighting.
I heard Tom and Mary have gotten divorced.
I heard Tom and Mary speaking French.
I heard Tom and Mary speaking in French.
I heard Tom and Mary talking about John.
I heard Tom and Mary talking about it.
I heard Tom and Mary talking.
I heard Tom and Mary were captured.
I heard Tom and Mary were going to get married.
I heard Tom and Mary were having problems at school.
I heard Tom and Mary were hurt.
I heard Tom and Mary were in Australia.
I heard Tom and Mary were in Boston.
I heard Tom and Mary were killed.
I heard Tom and Mary were looking for me.
I heard Tom and Mary were mugged.
I heard Tom and Mary were planning to get married.
I heard Tom and Mary whispering.
I heard Tom and Mary would be going to Boston.
I heard Tom arguing with Mary.
I heard Tom banging on your window last night.
I heard Tom bought a car.
I heard Tom bragging about how much money he made.
I heard Tom burned his hand.
I heard Tom call you a butterface.
I heard Tom came back to Australia for Christmas.
I heard Tom came back.
I heard Tom can sing really well.
I heard Tom close the door on his way out.
I heard Tom come in.
I heard Tom committed suicide.
I heard Tom complain about Mary.
I heard Tom complain about the cost of living in Australia.
I heard Tom complain about the cost of living in Boston.
I heard Tom complaining about the cost of living in Australia.
I heard Tom coughing.
I heard Tom could do that.
I heard Tom cracking his knuckles.
I heard Tom crying every night.
I heard Tom crying in his room.
I heard Tom crying.
I heard Tom cursing in French.
I heard Tom doesn't live in Australia anymore.
I heard Tom doesn't live in Boston anymore.
I heard Tom doing that.
I heard Tom doing this.
I heard Tom drove his car off a cliff.
I heard Tom enter the room.
I heard Tom gasp.
I heard Tom gave you his grandfather's violin.
I heard Tom got busted.
I heard Tom got hurt.
I heard Tom got injured.
I heard Tom got killed in suicide attack.
I heard Tom got out of prison this morning.
I heard Tom got suspended.
I heard Tom has a secret admirer.
I heard Tom has been talking about us.
I heard Tom has come back from Australia for Christmas.
I heard Tom has come back to Australia for Christmas.
I heard Tom has gone missing.
I heard Tom has married a rich widow.
I heard Tom has married a very wealthy woman.
I heard Tom has spoken to Mary about that.
I heard Tom hates Mary.
I heard Tom hates publicity.
I heard Tom hiccuping.
I heard Tom hit somebody.
I heard Tom humming to himself while he washed dishes.
I heard Tom hurt Mary.
I heard Tom in the kitchen.
I heard Tom is a nice guy.
I heard Tom is back with his ex.
I heard Tom is back.
I heard Tom is dead.
I heard Tom is difficult to get along with.
I heard Tom is filing for divorce.
I heard Tom is going through a hard time.
I heard Tom is going to Australia.
I heard Tom is going to quit doing that.
I heard Tom is here.
I heard Tom is ill.
I heard Tom is leaving.
I heard Tom is living in Australia.
I heard Tom is next.
I heard Tom is planning on going to Boston next weekend.
I heard Tom is sick.
I heard Tom is tough.
I heard Tom killed three wolves.
I heard Tom laugh.
I heard Tom laughing in the next room.
I heard Tom laughing.
I heard Tom leave his office a couple of hours ago.
I heard Tom leave.
I heard Tom leaving early this morning.
I heard Tom leaving.
I heard Tom married a rich woman.
I heard Tom mention this.
I heard Tom moved to Australia.
I heard Tom muttering something in French.
I heard Tom offed himself.
I heard Tom offered you a job.
I heard Tom opening and closing the door.
I heard Tom opening the door.
I heard Tom partied a little too hard last night.
I heard Tom partied all night.
I heard Tom plans to move to Australia.
I heard Tom plans to move to Boston.
I heard Tom playing drums with his band yesterday.
I heard Tom playing the flute.
I heard Tom playing the piano.
I heard Tom playing the violin.
I heard Tom really likes basketball.
I heard Tom resigned.
I heard Tom saved you.
I heard Tom say he needed to find Mary.
I heard Tom say that.
I heard Tom scream.
I heard Tom screaming last night.
I heard Tom screaming.
I heard Tom shout.
I heard Tom shouting at Mary.
I heard Tom shouting.
I heard Tom shut the door on his way out.
I heard Tom sing.
I heard Tom singing a song.
I heard Tom singing in French.
I heard Tom singing in the kitchen.
I heard Tom singing in the next room.
I heard Tom singing in the shower.
I heard Tom singing.
I heard Tom snapping his fingers.
I heard Tom sneeze.
I heard Tom sneezing.
I heard Tom sniffle.
I heard Tom snoring during the class.
I heard Tom snoring in the next room.
I heard Tom snoring.
I heard Tom sobbing.
I heard Tom speak French yesterday for the first time.
I heard Tom speaking French to Mary.
I heard Tom speaking French.
I heard Tom speaking to Mary.
I heard Tom speaking with Mary.
I heard Tom speaks French.
I heard Tom split up with Mary.
I heard Tom spoke with Mary about that.
I heard Tom swearing in French.
I heard Tom talking about Mary.
I heard Tom talking on the phone in French.
I heard Tom talking on the phone.
I heard Tom talking to Mary.
I heard Tom talking to himself.
I heard Tom talking to somebody on the phone.
I heard Tom talking to someone in French.
I heard Tom talking with Mary.
I heard Tom tap dancing.
I heard Tom tapping his foot to the music.
I heard Tom tell Mary what he did.
I heard Tom used to live in Australia.
I heard Tom walking up the steps.
I heard Tom wanted to go to Australia with us.
I heard Tom wants a divorce.
I heard Tom was a werewolf.
I heard Tom was around.
I heard Tom was bitten by a cobra.
I heard Tom was captured.
I heard Tom was dead.
I heard Tom was dishonest.
I heard Tom was having problems at school.
I heard Tom was hurt.
I heard Tom was in Australia.
I heard Tom was in Boston.
I heard Tom was in trouble.
I heard Tom was killed by a drunk driver.
I heard Tom was killed in suicide attack.
I heard Tom was killed.
I heard Tom was looking for me.
I heard Tom was mugged.
I heard Tom was raised Catholic.
I heard Tom was second.
I heard Tom was sick in bed.
I heard Tom went to Australia.
I heard Tom went to Boston.
I heard Tom whistling his favorite tune.
I heard Tom whistling while he washed the dishes.
I heard Tom will do that tomorrow.
I heard Tom will quit doing that.
I heard Tom won't be at school tomorrow.
I heard Tom won't do that tomorrow.
I heard Tom won't graduate this year.
I heard Tom wouldn't help Mary do that.
I heard Tom yelling at Mary.
I heard Tom yelling at somebody.
I heard Tom yelling at someone.
I heard Tom's car drive up, but he hasn't come in yet.
I heard Tom's cellphone ringing.
I heard Tom's footsteps behind me.
I heard Tom's footsteps on the stairs.
I heard Tom's membership has been revoked.
I heard Tom's side of the story.
I heard Tom's song on the radio.
I heard Tom's voice and decided to pretend to be asleep.
I heard Tom's voice and decided to pretend to be sleeping.
I heard Tom's voice behind me.
I heard Tom's voice talking to me every night.
I heard Tom's voice.
I heard Tom.
I heard a French cover of this song.
I heard a Japanese nightingale.
I heard a baby crying.
I heard a baby's voice.
I heard a beautiful poem yesterday.
I heard a beautiful song yesterday.
I heard a bell ringing in the distance.
I heard a bell ringing.
I heard a blood-curdling scream.
I heard a brake squeal.
I heard a buzzing noise.
I heard a call for help.
I heard a car backfire.
I heard a car door open and close.
I heard a car door slam.
I heard a car outside.
I heard a car pull up.
I heard a car start up.
I heard a car stop in front of the house.
I heard a cat meowing.
I heard a cat miaowing.
I heard a child crying.
I heard a child's voice.
I heard a commotion upstairs.
I heard a cotton candy shop has just opened. Let's go, dudes.
I heard a cotton candy shop has just opened. Let’s go, dudes.
I heard a couple girls talking about Tom.
I heard a couple of women screaming at each other in French.
I heard a crash at about ten o'clock last night.
I heard a crash at about ten o’clock last night.
I heard a crash from the sky and I was afraid. Is there a very powerful man up there?
I heard a crash.
I heard a cry for help.
I heard a dog barking in the distance.
I heard a dog barking.
I heard a door go. Is anyone in the house apart from us?
I heard a door go. Is there anyone in the house apart from us?
I heard a door open.
I heard a door shut.
I heard a door slam.
I heard a faint sound nearby.
I heard a familiar voice, but I couldn't remember who it belonged to.
I heard a familiar voice.
I heard a funny noise.
I heard a good joke today.
I heard a great cakery just opened near the station.
I heard a group of young women singing folk songs in the park.
I heard a gun go off.
I heard a gunshot.
I heard a helicopter flying overhead.
I heard a horn honking.
I heard a horse.
I heard a knock at the door.
I heard a knock on the door and it was Tom.
I heard a knock on the door.
I heard a little girl calling for help.
I heard a little girl crying.
I heard a lot about it.
I heard a lot of gunshots.
I heard a lot of yelling.
I heard a lot.
I heard a loud bang.
I heard a loud explosion.
I heard a loud noise coming from outside my window.
I heard a loud noise on the balcony.
I heard a loud noise.
I heard a loud scream from the neighboring room last night.
I heard a loud thud.
I heard a loud voice.
I heard a man calling my name.
I heard a man's voice and thought it sounded like Tom's.
I heard a man's voice and thought that it sounded like Tom's.
I heard a man's voice.
I heard a man’s voice and thought it sounded like Tom’s.
I heard a masculine voice calling my name.
I heard a nightingale.
I heard a noise behind me.
I heard a noise coming from the next room.
I heard a noise from the porch.
I heard a noise in the bedroom.
I heard a noise outside.
I heard a noise up there.
I heard a noise upstairs.
I heard a noise.
I heard a person say my name.
I heard a pistol shot.
I heard a pop and saw a bright flash.
I heard a pop.
I heard a pot fall.
I heard a really beautiful song yesterday.
I heard a rooster crow and knew I'd soon have to get out of bed.
I heard a rooster crow.
I heard a rumor about you.
I heard a rumor that Tom is going to be moving to Boston.
I heard a rumor that Tom is moving to Boston.
I heard a scream.
I heard a sharp, cracking sound.
I heard a shot just now.
I heard a shout and then a crash.
I heard a shout.
I heard a siren in the distance.
I heard a siren.
I heard a song called "Apologize" on the radio.
I heard a sound.
I heard a spooky sound coming from the attic.
I heard a strange hissing noise.
I heard a strange hissing sound.
I heard a strange noise coming from Tom's room last night.
I heard a strange noise coming from Tom’s room last night.
I heard a strange noise coming from the kitchen.
I heard a strange noise last night, and I couldn't sleep.
I heard a strange noise.
I heard a strange sound coming from the garage.
I heard a strange sound coming from the room above.
I heard a strange sound in the dead of night.
I heard a strange sound.
I heard a terrible noise in Tom's office. I wonder what was happening there.
I heard a thud.
I heard a thump.
I heard a thumping noise coming from the adjacent room.
I heard a thumping sound.
I heard a twig crack.
I heard a typhoon is coming.
I heard a very creepy synthetic voice.
I heard a very honourable story from the company president.
I heard a very interesting rumor.
I heard a very loud noise.
I heard a voice I didn't recognize.
I heard a voice behind me.
I heard a voice cry "Help!". I was laughing.
I heard a voice in my head urging me to go to Tom's house.
I heard a voice saying "Help me!". I laughed.
I heard a weird noise.
I heard a whistle behind me, but I didn't turn around.
I heard a wolf crying.
I heard a wolf howling.
I heard a woman scream.
I heard a woman screaming.
I heard a woman's voice.
I heard a yell outside.
I heard a young girl call for help.
I heard about Mary's boyfriends.
I heard about Tom and Mary.
I heard about Tom and you.
I heard about Tom dumping you.
I heard about Tom this morning.
I heard about Tom's accident.
I heard about Tom's car accident.
I heard about Tom's drinking.
I heard about Tom's problems.
I heard about Tom's visit.
I heard about Tom.
I heard about a miracle.
I heard about a murder.
I heard about a stabbing.
I heard about all it.
I heard about all that.
I heard about an audition.
I heard about everything.
I heard about her.
I heard about him.
I heard about how Tom died.
I heard about it already.
I heard about it at church.
I heard about it at first hand from my neighbor.
I heard about it at school.
I heard about it directly from my neighbour.
I heard about it earlier.
I heard about it from Tom.
I heard about it from a good friend of yours.
I heard about it from another source last year.
I heard about it in Australia.
I heard about it in jail.
I heard about it in prison.
I heard about it in school.
I heard about it this morning.
I heard about it tonight.
I heard about it too late.
I heard about it.
I heard about that boat.
I heard about that boy.
I heard about that car accident.
I heard about that case.
I heard about that fire.
I heard about that girl.
I heard about that guy, too.
I heard about that guy.
I heard about that in Australia.
I heard about that in Boston.
I heard about that incident.
I heard about that job.
I heard about that man.
I heard about that murder.
I heard about that settlement.
I heard about that show.
I heard about that yesterday.
I heard about that.
I heard about the accident for the first time yesterday.
I heard about the accident on the radio.
I heard about the accident.
I heard about the accusations.
I heard about the disagreement.
I heard about the fire.
I heard about the incident.
I heard about the investigation.
I heard about the problems Tom caused.
I heard about their break up.
I heard about them.
I heard about this situation.
I heard about what Tom did.
I heard about what happened at school today.
I heard about what happened at school.
I heard about what happened here.
I heard about what happened in Boston.
I heard about what happened in court today.
I heard about what happened inside.
I heard about what happened to Tom.
I heard about what happened to him.
I heard about what happened today.
I heard about what happened yesterday.
I heard about what happened.
I heard about what has happened.
I heard about what you did in Boston.
I heard about what you did.
I heard about what you said.
I heard about you and Tom.
I heard about you and her.
I heard about you and him.
I heard about you and them.
I heard about you from Tom.
I heard about you from my nephew.
I heard about you on TV.
I heard about you on the radio.
I heard about you shooting Tom.
I heard about you.
I heard about your accident.
I heard about your afternoon.
I heard about your arrest.
I heard about your audition.
I heard about your award.
I heard about your big date.
I heard about your breakup.
I heard about your car crash.
I heard about your condition.
I heard about your courage.
I heard about your date.
I heard about your decision.
I heard about your divorce.
I heard about your engagement.
I heard about your fainting spell.
I heard about your family problems.
I heard about your friend Tom.
I heard about your gambling habit.
I heard about your heart attack.
I heard about your housing situation.
I heard about your illness.
I heard about your job offer.
I heard about your loss.
I heard about your mishap.
I heard about your party.
I heard about your problem.
I heard about your problems from Tom.
I heard about your problems with Tom.
I heard about your problems.
I heard about your project.
I heard about your promotion.
I heard about your resignation.
I heard about your situation.
I heard about your suspension.
I heard about your troubles.
I heard about your wedding.
I heard all about it from Tom.
I heard all about it.
I heard all about that.
I heard all about the accident.
I heard all about what happened from Tom.
I heard almost everything.
I heard an airplane pass overhead.
I heard an awesome story yesterday.
I heard an awful crash.
I heard an explosion.
I heard an interesting rumor.
I heard an interesting rumour.
I heard an owl hooting.
I heard an owl last night.
I heard an unusual noise.
I heard an unusual sound.
I heard angry voices.
I heard another footstep, this time much closer.
I heard back from Tom today.
I heard back from Tom yesterday.
I heard back from Tom.
I heard better by being silent.
I heard birds singing outside my window.
I heard both of you.
I heard both of your grandfathers were plumbers.
I heard children playing outside.
I heard children singing.
I heard coughing.
I heard daikon skins can be used when cooking, but I'm worried about pesticides, so I usually throw them out.
I heard every word you said.
I heard every word.
I heard everything Tom said.
I heard everything clearly.
I heard everything he said.
I heard everything you just said.
I heard everything you said.
I heard everything.
I heard explosions.
I heard familiar voices.
I heard fear in his voice.
I heard footsteps approaching.
I heard footsteps behind me.
I heard footsteps following me.
I heard footsteps in the corridor.
I heard footsteps, but I didn't see anyone.
I heard footsteps.
I heard from Tom earlier.
I heard from Tom that Mary can't do that.
I heard from Tom that Mary couldn't do that.
I heard from Tom that Mary did that.
I heard from Tom that Mary didn't do that.
I heard from Tom that Mary didn't win.
I heard from Tom that Mary does that every Monday.
I heard from Tom that Mary doesn't do that anymore.
I heard from Tom that Mary gets home just after 2:30 every Monday.
I heard from Tom that Mary wasn't able to do that.
I heard from Tom that Mary will do that.
I heard from Tom that Mary won't do that again.
I heard from Tom that Mary won't do that.
I heard from Tom that Mary would do that.
I heard from Tom that Mary wouldn't do that.
I heard from Tom this morning.
I heard from Tom.
I heard from her.
I heard from him last month.
I heard from him.
I heard from home.
I heard from my sister. The letter says she is well now.
I heard from someone that she got married.
I heard from them.
I heard gunfire and shouting.
I heard gunfire downstairs.
I heard gunfire.
I heard gunshots last night.
I heard gunshots.
I heard he had a new girlfriend.
I heard he has been ill since last month.
I heard he passed the exam.
I heard he was dishonest.
I heard he was ill.
I heard he was looking for a job.
I heard he was looking for work.
I heard he was terrible at remembering sequences of numbers.
I heard her arguing with her.
I heard her calling from the kitchen.
I heard her calling me.
I heard her come here.
I heard her come in.
I heard her gasp.
I heard her go down the stairs.
I heard her scream.
I heard her screaming.
I heard her sing a song.
I heard her singing a song.
I heard her singing in her room.
I heard her singing.
I heard her sniffle.
I heard her sobbing in her room.
I heard her sobbing.
I heard her speak English fluently.
I heard her speaking Berber.
I heard her speaking English as fluently as a citizen of the USA.
I heard her speaking English as fluently as an American.
I heard her speaking English fluently, like an American.
I heard her speaking French.
I heard her to the end.
I heard her voice in my sleep.
I heard her.
I heard him arguing with her.
I heard him before already.
I heard him come in.
I heard him coming downstairs.
I heard him coughing at night.
I heard him crying.
I heard him cursing in Berber.
I heard him gasp.
I heard him go down the stairs.
I heard him go out of the room.
I heard him go out.
I heard him humming in the shower.
I heard him laughing.
I heard him mumble to himself.
I heard him opening the door and entering.
I heard him play the piano once.
I heard him play the piano only once.
I heard him rambling, the words entirely disconnected.
I heard him raving, the words entirely disconnected.
I heard him scream.
I heard him screaming.
I heard him shout.
I heard him sigh.
I heard him sighing.
I heard him sing a song.
I heard him sing at the concert.
I heard him singing Idir's song.
I heard him sniffle.
I heard him snoring during the class.
I heard him sobbing.
I heard him speak Berber.
I heard him speak English often.
I heard him speak fluent English.
I heard him speaking Berber.
I heard him speaking French.
I heard him talking on the phone.
I heard him while he was playing the violin.
I heard him, but I didn't understand him.
I heard him.
I heard his voice in my sleep.
I heard how he sang a song.
I heard in the movie "The Paperboy": "I'm going to retire." 
"You're not tired yet. How can you retire?"
I heard in the news that some parents ran over their children in error. It broke my heart.
I heard it all from Tom.
I heard it distinctly, and I am sure that it was really the sob of a woman.
I heard it from Tom.
I heard it from a friend of a friend, who heard it from his friend who wasn't sure exactly where he'd heard it.
I heard it from a reliable source.
I heard it from someone.
I heard it from the elders long ago.
I heard it from you.
I heard it hasn't changed.
I heard it might snow.
I heard it on TV.
I heard it on good authority.
I heard it on the news today.
I heard it on the radio.
I heard it said: He who sings, drives away his troubles.
I heard it secondhand from Tom.
I heard it through the grapevine.
I heard it thunder in the distance.
I heard it was about to snow.
I heard it was nice.
I heard it was pretty exciting.
I heard it, too.
I heard it.
I heard jackals.
I heard jail isn't so bad.
I heard laughter from the other room.
I heard laughter in the next room.
I heard mention of that.
I heard more crunching.
I heard more vitriol in the debate than reasoned argument.
I heard my body is a topic of conversation so I wanted to say, I'm proud of my body and you should be proud of yours too. No matter who you are or what you do.
I heard my dog barking, so I opened the curtains and looked outside.
I heard my dog panting.
I heard my first AIDS joke in first grade from another kid.
I heard my mother singing in the shower.
I heard my mother speak in Berber.
I heard my name being called by somebody.
I heard my name being called by someone.
I heard my name being called, so I looked out the window.
I heard my name being called.
I heard my name called by someone on the street.
I heard my name called by someone.
I heard my name called from behind me.
I heard my name called from behind.
I heard my name called in the cafeteria.
I heard my name called in the crowd.
I heard my name called in the dark.
I heard my name called in the station.
I heard my name called twice in the dark.
I heard my name called.
I heard my pants rip.
I heard my parents whispering last night.
I heard my phone ring once.
I heard my phone ring.
I heard myself saying something stupid.
I heard nearly everything.
I heard news of his departure.
I heard noise coming from the kitchen.
I heard noises coming from the corridor.
I heard noises from outside.
I heard noises in the garage.
I heard noises.
I heard nothing about it.
I heard nothing about that.
I heard nothing back from them.
I heard nothing inside the house.
I heard nothing.
I heard of his involvement in crime.
I heard one more sound.
I heard one.
I heard only my own breathing.
I heard otherwise.
I heard our dog barking all night.
I heard our new French teacher just graduated from college.
I heard over my music that he was trying to say something.
I heard part of Tom and Mary's conversation.
I heard people screaming last night.
I heard people screaming.
I heard rock music blaring from the radio.
I heard roosters raising a ruckus, and a few seconds later I saw the barnyard dog chasing a fox away from the chicken coops.
I heard rumours that Tom was having a lot of trouble.
I heard screaming in the next room.
I heard screaming outside.
I heard screaming.
I heard screams.
I heard several explosions in the distance.
I heard several gunshots next door and immediately called the police.
I heard she brushed him off, saying "Let's just be friends."
I heard she brushed him off, saying "Let’s just be friends."
I heard she is married with two children.
I heard she passed the exam.
I heard shots being fired.
I heard shots coming from inside the building.
I heard shouting in the street.
I heard shrill cries.
I heard sirens in the distance.
I heard some footsteps in the hall.
I heard some gunshots.
I heard some kids singing a song.
I heard some men yelling in French.
I heard some missionaries singing a hymn.
I heard some people singing Christmas carols.
I heard some people speaking French on the bus.
I heard some people walking down the corridor.
I heard some people walking down the hall.
I heard some reggae music playing in the distance.
I heard some shots.
I heard some students complain about the homework.
I heard some weird noises last night.
I heard somebody attacked you.
I heard somebody call my name.
I heard somebody calling my name.
I heard somebody cry out.
I heard somebody knocking.
I heard somebody laughing.
I heard somebody screaming.
I heard somebody singing.
I heard somebody slam the door.
I heard somebody talking.
I heard somebody yelling and wondered who it was.
I heard somebody yelling.
I heard someone approaching.
I heard someone attacked you.
I heard someone bad-mouthing Tom last night.
I heard someone banging on the door.
I heard someone burping.
I heard someone call my name from behind.
I heard someone call my name in the crowd.
I heard someone call my name in the crowded bus.
I heard someone call my name.
I heard someone calling me from a distance.
I heard someone calling my name.
I heard someone come in.
I heard someone come into the room.
I heard someone cough.
I heard someone coughing.
I heard someone following me and started walking faster.
I heard someone following me, and I started walking faster.
I heard someone in the crowd call my name.
I heard someone in the crowd outside the station call my name.
I heard someone in the street call my name.
I heard someone knock on the door.
I heard someone knock.
I heard someone knocking.
I heard someone laughing.
I heard someone mention my name.
I heard someone on the street calling me.
I heard someone opening the door.
I heard someone say Tom and Mary were sick.
I heard someone say Tom was sick.
I heard someone say she'd got married.
I heard someone say that she'd got married.
I heard someone scream.
I heard someone screaming my name.
I heard someone screaming.
I heard someone shout outside the window.
I heard someone shouting my name.
I heard someone shouting.
I heard someone singing.
I heard someone slam the door.
I heard someone sneeze.
I heard someone tell Tom about what happened.
I heard someone tell my mother the news.
I heard someone whistle.
I heard someone whistling.
I heard someone yell "Help!"
I heard someone yelling and wondered who it was.
I heard someone yelling my name.
I heard someone yelling.
I heard something about that, but I don't know if what I heard was true.
I heard something behind me.
I heard something crashing in the kitchen in the middle of the night.
I heard something fall to the ground.
I heard something fall with a crash.
I heard something happened to Tom.
I heard something in the bedroom.
I heard something interesting from a friend yesterday.
