"Money can't buy love." 
"And love can't pay rent." 
"Well, sometimes it can."
"Money can't buy love." 
"It can buy lust, though." 
"True."
"Money doesn't grow on trees." 
"I see you haven't played Animal Crossing before."
"Money doesn't grow on trees." 
"You've never played Animal Crossing before, have you?"
"Money must serve, not rule".
"Moo, moo," mooed the cow.
"Moo, moo," said the cow.
"Moo." 
"Whoa! Hi there, Ms. Cow! I completely didn't notice you there, but next time could you at least be so considerate as to not wake me up when I'm in the middle of my meditation?"
"More and more children are going to be left without parents," said Jo Becker of Human Rights Watch.
"More coffee?" "No, I'm good."
"More coffee?" "No, I’m good."
"More coffee?" "No, thanks."
"Morning sickness" is often taken lightly, but when it becomes severe, it is called "hyperemesis gravidarum" and requires an IV and other forms of medical care.
"Morning! There's snow outside!" "Seriously?"
"Morning, Tom. You're here early. What's up?" "I woke up early, so I just came." 
"Ah. Well, did you know that first period International Politics is cancelled today?" "What?"
"Morning. You're early today." 
"You too. I thought you'd still be dead to the world."
"Morning. You’re early today." 
"You too. I thought you’d still be dead to the world."
"Morning." 
"Coffee."
"Moroccan?" "Algerian."
"Most of us have been experiencing feelings of gloom and doom in the last few years, but the Bulletin has been well ahead of the curve," noted the editor of The Nonproliferation Review, who is also a senior research associate at the Institute of International Studies.
"Most people don't have a favorite species of tarantula, you know." 
"Then they better catch up!"
"Mother sent you this," she said, lifting the cover and displaying a nicely carved and jointed chicken to Anne's grateful eyes.
"Move it!" "Move what?" "Move your ass!" "What if you went to fuck yourself?"
"Move out of my way." 
"Or what?"
"Move out of the way." 
"No problem."
"Mr Chairman, what needs moving next, again?" "Scoreboard, giant ball and the tug-of-war rope."
"Mr Miller! Mr Miller!" "Yes, what is it, Taylor? I'm in a hurry."
"Mr Miller, I presume." 
"Indeed. And with whom do I have the pleasure?"
"Mum burnt the food today," Freddy told his nan.
"Mum! Someone's nicked the milk again!"
"Mum, I need the loo!" "Hold on a bit longer, Tom. Dad's got to stop at the next petrol station, anyway."
"Mum, I need the loo," said the child. "Number one or number two?" asked Mum.
"Mum, I'm going out." 
"Where to?" "University?" "Isn't it spring break now? What are you going there for?" "A club?" "Looking that smart?" "It's all right isn't it? It shouldn't matter where I go." 
"Fine, but you've got bed hair at the back." 
"Seriously?"
"Mum, I've got a hole in my jumper's armpit." 
"Sew it up, then! You know where the sewing basket is."
"Mum, can I go to bed tonight without cleaning my teeth?" "I'm afraid I can't allow that."
"Mum, can I have a biscuit?" "No, you shouldn't eat between meals."
"Mum, can I watch telly?" "No, you can't, Tom." 
"Dad, can I watch telly?"
"Mum, how big is a brown dwarf actually?" "Brown dwarfs are about as big as Jupiter but have many times its mass."
"Mum, look here. I found this in the garden," Mary announced, walking into the living room cradling a hedgehog in her arms.
"Mum, look what I found in the garden," said Mary as she came into the living room cradling a hedgehog in her arms.
"Mum, may I borrow your nail polish?" "Yes, you can borrow it."
"Mum, mum! Tom tripped me!" "That yob! I'll give him what for!"
"Mum, what kind of star is the Sun?" "Stars like our Sun are often called yellow dwarves."
"Mum, where are the clothes pegs?" "On the table."
"Mum, where're the pegs?" "On the table."
"Mum, why am I so stupid?" "It's a lot better than being heartless."
"Mum, why has the bishop in chess got a slit in the top?" "The chess piece as we know it today was designed in 19th-century England, where it was thought to look like a bishop. The slit comes from the mitre's cleft."
"Mum?" "Yeah, what's up?" "Can you come here a minute?"
"Murder!", screamed the poor woman in a loud shriek.
"Muß" is an old and incorrect way of writing of "muss".
"Muña zaldrizoti" means "mother of dragons" in High Valyrian.
"My BMI is still too high. I'm overweight." 
"Oh, who cares about BMI?"
"My German is no longer as good as it was; I only learned it for three years in high school, and that was many years ago." 
"It still seems to be pretty good."
"My God!" cried our client, "what a blind beetle I have been!"
"My God!" gasped our client. "Do you tell me that during these long ten weeks of agony the stolen papers were within the very room with me all the time?" "So it was."
"My God, give me my share of fire, even if it means hell", say our old women when they are cold in winter.
"My MP3 player gives me up to 70 hours of playback." 
"They still make MP3 players?"
"My ankle," gasped Anne.
"My bad." 
"You're fine."
"My bike fell into the canal." 
"Was it a motorbike?" "Er, no, a pushbike." 
"What's a pushbike?" "A bicycle." 
"I see."
"My biological father means nothing to me!" he said.
"My birthday is on April 4th." 
"Mine too. What an interesting coincidence!"
"My boy, did you hear something?" "No."
"My bra is too small." 
"Buy yourself a bigger one, then."
"My brother broke his arm in three places." 
"Wow. If I were him, I'd stay away from those places."
"My brother used to watch Sailor Moon when he was little." 
"Is your bro gay now?" "He is now a sailor."
"My brother's father-in-law is gentle, but his wife is unbearable." 
"Who, your sister-in-law?" "No, my brother's mother-in-law."
"My butt is like the Fundamento de Esperanto: untouchable!" retorted the waitress.
"My cakes are awful! Oh, it's so crummy I could turn gay." 
"I think you're gay already. Try feeling your dick."
"My cats love me." 
"Then explain the scratches all over your body." 
"It's tough love."
"My chest is about to burst!" "Me too, my lungs are full..."
"My children are already adults. What about yours?" "Mine are too."
"My children are already adults. What about yours?" "Mine, too."
"My crush is allergic to cats." 
"But aren't you a cat?" "That's why she rejected me."
"My customers are not able to come to me. Now I can only use apps to handle some orders on Taobao," an Amazon-like online marketplace, he said.
"My dad doesn't drink sake." 
"I don't either."
"My dad doesn't drink." 
"Mine doesn't either."
"My dad doesn't drink." 
"My dad doesn't drink, either."
"My dad is a skeptic." 
"What do you mean?" "He doesn't believe in ghosts."
"My daughter, how is it that your husband locks himself in with naked women and you have the naïveté to believe he draws them?" "But Mom, all painters need models."
"My dear Mr. Grant Munro—" began Holmes.
"My dear Watson," said he, "I cannot agree with those who rank modesty among the virtues. To the logician all things should be seen exactly as they are."
"My dear fellow," he cried, wringing Holmes' unresponsive hand, "congratulate me! I have made the whole thing as clear as day."
"My dear little girl, you mustn't cry like this," she said, genuinely disturbed by Anne's tragic face.
"My dearest little doll!" she cried. "Thou hast saved me from my trouble! Now I have only to cook the Baba Yaga's supper, since all the rest of the tasks are done!"
"My dentures aren't fitting properly." 
"Why don't you have them re-made?"
"My dictionary doesn't contain the word surrender." 
"Is it the Toki Pona Dictionary? I hate that."
"My diet is ruined," she cried as tears splashed off the pepperoni.
"My dog doesn't have a nose." 
"How does he smell?" "Terrible."
"My emotions feel scrambled," said Tom.
"My father died in prison." 
"I'm sorry he went out that way."
"My father doesn't drink alcohol." 
"Mine doesn't either."
"My father doesn't drink." 
"Neither does my father."
"My father doesn’t drink." 
"Neither does my father."
"My father is much stronger than yours." 
"That's not true at all."
"My fatherland is so far away," Tom said somberly.
"My feet are dirty." 
"Go and wash them, then."
"My feet aren't so dirty as yours!" "But you can hardly call them clean!"
"My feet aren't so dirty as yours!" "You'd be hard-pressed to call them clean, though!"
"My fence is all right," snapped Mr. Harrison, angrier than ever.
"My friend and I return to town by the night-express," said Holmes. "We have had a charming little breath of your beautiful Dartmoor air."
"My friend is a dog," said Pluto.
"My friends will learn Nyamwezi. How about yours?" "No, they will not learn it."
"My girlfriend called me to apologize." 
"You mean your Romanian girlfriend?" "Yes." 
"I thought Romanian girls never apologize."
"My girlfriend called me to apologize." 
"You mean your girlfriend from Romania?" "Yes." 
"I've never heard of a Romanian girl who apologizes."
"My girlfriend called me to apologize." 
"Your Romanian girlfriend?" "Yes." 
"I've never heard of a Romanian girl apologizing to her boyfriend."
"My girlfriend's a bitch," said Pluto.
"My glasses." 
"Take it easy, we'll find them."
"My goodness, Mary! You look completely tired out!" "I didn't sleep a wink. Tom snored again like a champion."
"My grandad is seventy, and he jogs a couple of miles every morning." 
"That's great. What does he do in the afternoon?" "He makes his way home."
"My head is in a whirl," I remarked; "the more one thinks of it the more mysterious it grows."
"My husband is a skeptic." 
"A skeptic? What do you mean?" "He doesn't believe in ghosts."
"My husband passed on two years ago," an elderly lady said.
"My lady is in her chamber," said the servant.
"My life is a sitcom," said Mary.
"My liver, my business. Case closed," said Tom.
"My message to all the politicians around the world is the same," she said. "Just listen and act on the current best available science."
"My metabolism is such that no matter how much I eat I don't put on weight." 
"Just now, this second, you've made enemies of people throughout the world."
"My metabolism is such that no matter how much I eat I don’t put on weight." 
"Just now, this second, you’ve made enemies of people throughout the world."
"My mind," he said, "rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere."
"My mother usually stays home and reads books on weekends." 
"What does your father do?" "He often goes fishing."
"My mother's American, and my father is Uighur." 
"Really?" "No! I was joking!"
"My mother’s American, and my father is Uighur." 
"Really?" "No! I was joking!"
"My name / is good AEneas; from the flames and foe / I bear Troy's rescued deities. My fame / outsoars the stars of heaven; a Jove-born race, we claim / a home in fair Italia far away."
"My name is Yanni and please don't call me cute." 
"You're anything but."
"My name's Tom. I'm from France." 
"Tom! You've gotta teach me English one of these days!"
"My new animated movie is called 'Stretchie: End of Clays Part II,'" said Tom.
"My new invention is the soup popsicle," said Tom.
"My nickname 'Nonong' is rather Zen." 
"Indeed!"
"My offer stands until Friday at noon." 
"You can have my answer today. It's no!" "Think it over!" "I said no! That's my final word."
"My opponent has kicked many puppies." 
"I have not, and you know it." 
"Yes, you have. There is video evidence of you repeatedly kicking many puppies while cackling manically. Is this the type of person you want to be your leader?"
"My pad's soaked. Can I borrow one of yours?" Alice asked Mary. "Here's one. But please don't ever give it back to me." Mary handed Alice a medium-size sanitary napkin.
"My parents are getting divorced." 
"Mine are, too."
"My parents are out of town. There's going to be a big party at my house. Do you want to come?" "I'm sorry, but I have to study."
"My parents beat me and I turned out fine." 
"If you're advocating violence against defenseless children, you did not 'turn out fine.'"
"My sister is in love with you." 
"What?"
"My son does not lie." 
"Do you mean that mine does?"
"My son, do you believe in God?" "Yes, my father."
"My stomach hurts." 
"How come? Did you eat something strange?" "No idea."
"My teeth are too weak for apples," said the boy.
"My thanks go to all the doctors and nurses of the hospital’s infectious diseases unit, they are the true heroes of this battle. Every day they work in extreme conditions, psychologically under pressure and with the constant fear of contracting the virus and of not being able to return home to their families," he said.
"My thoughts are very stream-of-consciousness." 
"Well, duh."
"My tummy's rumbling, but I don't know what to eat." 
"Aren't there a few pizzas left in the freezer?"
"My watch has been stolen," exclaimed my father.
"My wife is a woman." 
"That's transphobic to say!"
"My wife is in her fifth month and she tends to have such bad moods that it's not even rational." 
"Fine, so what's the question?"
"My wonderful wife is so stingy that ..." 
"You boasting? Or complaining?"
"My word, it isn’t a very cheerful place," said Sir Henry.
"My young friends," replied Philetas, "Love is a God, young, beautiful, and ever on the wing. He, therefore, rejoices in the company of youth, he is ever in search of beauty, and gives wings to the souls of his favourites. His power far exceeds that of Jove. He commands the elements: he rules the stars: he governs the world: and even the Gods themselves are more obedient to him than your flocks are to you."
"My!" said the girl. "How terrible!"
"Myself a stranger, friendless and unknown, / from Europe driven and Asia, roam in vain / the wilds of Libya."
"Nah, I wouldn't say anything to a guy like Tom." 
"That's right. Why would you say anything to a blabbermouth like him, of all people?"
"Namaste," a combination of two Sanskrit words, translates into "bowing to you".
"Name day" is unknown in many countries but in Hungary it is an important family celebration.
"Nani" is another channel Ziri does on YouTube.
"Natto" smells awful but tastes terrific.
"Natto" smells awful, but tastes delicious.
"Nature is cruel and beautiful... like me," said Mary.
"Nature's" ability to foresee and provide seems unsurmountable.
"Naught but the hope of seeing you brought me here, my Chloe," said the youth. "I know it, my dear Daphnis."
"Naught happens here but as the Gods ordain. / It may not be, nor doth the Lord divine / of high Olympus nor the Fates design / that thou should'st take Creusa."
"Nay, Juno, too, who now, in mood malign, / earth, sea and sky is harrying, shall incline / to better counsels, and unite with me / to cherish and uphold the imperial line, / the Romans, rulers of the land and sea, / lords of the flowing gown. So standeth my decree."
"Nay, nay, to no such honour I aspire." / Said Venus, "But a simple maid am I, / and 'tis the manner of the maids of Tyre / to wear, like me, the quiver, and to tie / the purple buskin round the ankles high."
"Nay, when thy vessels, ranged upon her shore, / rest from the deep, and on the beach ye light / the votive altars, and the gods adore, / veil then thy locks, with purple hood bedight, / and shroud thy visage from a foeman's sight, / lest hostile presence, 'mid the flames divine, / break in, and mar the omen and the rite."
"Ne'er / to Grecian women shall I bow the knee, / never in Argos see captivity, / I, who my lineage from the Dardans tell, / allied to Venus."
"Nearly four pounds," says Bob.
"Negro" is an offensive word.
"Nerd!" "You're gonna work for me some day."
"Never again" is right now!
"Never eat soggy waffles." This popular English phrase is a mnemonic used to help people memorize the four cardinal directions.
"Never end a sentence with a preposition." What case would this sentence ever apply in?
"Never in my life would I have imagined that one day my book would be translated into 35 languages," said Tom. "I wasn't even sure at first whether I was going to finish writing it."
"Never kick a sore toe against a stone wall," quoth Dick Prescott, and passed on into the school building.
"Never mind that, what's with that get up ... a swimming suit!?" "That's right. Sexy isn't it? Feeling horny?"
"Never mind that, what’s with that get up ... a swimming suit!?" "That’s right. Sexy isn’t it? Feeling horny?"
"Never mind the milk, comrades!" cried Napoleon, placing himself in front of the buckets. "That will be attended to. The harvest is more important."
"Never mind! Your religion's like a jail..." 
"What do you mean?"
"Never mind," said Holmes, laughing; "it is my business to know things. Perhaps I have trained myself to see what others overlook. If not, why should you come to consult me?"
"Never!" "Of course, not."
"Never!" answered Lady Ashton, whose rage had now overcome her first surprise and terror—"never shall this man speak in private with my daughter, the affianced bride of another!"
"Next question, for 10 points: What song themed around a country topped the charts in the US in 1983?" "Hey, no fair! I hadn't even been born then!"
"Next time," he said.
"Next time..." 
"There won't be a next time."
"Nice ass." 
"You're kind. I know it's nothing to shake a stick at." 
"Nonsense. I'm shaking a stick at it right now."
"Nice day, eh, Luigi?" "Yes, but there is no spaghetti!"
"Nice dress." 
"It's a traditional Kabyle dress."
"Nice kids." 
"Thank you."
"Nice person" is the term girls use to refer to men to indicate that they aren't possible objects of romantic interest.
"Nice person," that’s the word girls used to call men to indicate that they aren’t possible objects of romantic interest.
"Nice shoes." 
"Thanks, I just got them."
"Nice suit." 
"Thanks. My mom made it for me." 
"Did she now?" "Yeah. She worked as a tailoring teacher."
"Nice throw." 
"Nice catch, too."
"Nice to meet you!" "Nice to meet you too!"
"Nice to meet you," said the businessman.
"Nice to meet you." 
"Nice to meet you, too."
"Nice watch you've got there. Can I have a look?" "Go ahead, I just bought it yesterday."
"Nigger" is an offensive word.
"Nike" means victory in ancient Greek.
"No TV for a month." 
"Dad, wait! Mom is lying." 
"Mom is lying? Then that will be two months without TV."
"No TV for a month." 
"Fuck!" "I heard you and that will be two months."
"No clue?" asked Holmes, cocking his eye at the Colonel.
"No errors." 
"Are you sure?" "I checked two times."
"No gluten or somebody gets hurt," said the gangster.
"No good can ever come of falsehood, mother," she said.
"No hard feelings?" "None whatsoever."
"No hope have I my ancient fatherland, / or darling boys, or long-lost sire to see, / whom now perchance, the Danaans will demand, / poor souls! for vengeance, and their death decree, / to purge my crime, in daring to be free."
"No more blah, blah, blah," said Greta at Glasgow 2021.
"No offence." 
"None taken."
"No one cares about your opinion." 
"Yours, either."
"No one could want me." 
"Don't say that. You're a catch."
"No one even suspects our intimacy," said the secretary provocatively to her boss.
"No one ever asks me about my wishes," sobbed the genie.
"No one expects you to get straight As all the time, but you've got to get better than Fs in French!" "Yeah, well, if Marie-Emmanuelle had practised with me!" "We all know that Miss Chevallier can be relied upon only to a limited extent, so don't always use her as your excuse!"
"No one knows my name!" "On the contrary, you're Rumpelstiltskin, aren't you?" "The devil told you that!"
"No one likes you." 
"It's not true!"
"No one will ever believe that." 
"Well, Tom believed it."
"No one will ever believe that." 
"Well, Tom believed me."
"No one's going to get mad at me," I said to myself.
"No one's seen his wife yet, have they?" "No, and we won't be seeing her, either. He wants to protect her, which is why she won't be going on camera."
"No pain, no gain," as they say.
"No secret hobby?" she asked.
"No smoke without fire." 
"What about dry ice?"
"No specific event can be attributed to climate change, but what we are seeing is consistent with climate change scenarios," said Nullis. "Extreme heat, consistent heat, persistent heat and heavy precipitation.”
"No way!" "Way."
"No way!" "Yes, yes way."
"No!" is one of my favorite words.
"No!" yelled Tom.
"No", he said in a decided tone.
"No, I don't," said Mr Jordan.
"No, I don’t," said Mr Jordan.
"No, I think not," answered the Queen.
"No, I won't be there," Tom replied.
"No, I'm not," replied the Englishman coldly.
"No, I’m not," replied the Englishman coldly.
"No, Mary, billionaires do not buy three-story toilet-fountains for their mega-bathrooms. Everything you say is a lie," said Tom.
"No, no! That isn't the smiling face we are looking for." It was a 'smirk' either that or a 'sneer'.
"No, no! That isn’t the smiling face we are looking for." It was a ’smirk’ either that or a ’sneer’.
"No, no, Jack, for God's sake!" she gasped, in uncontrollable emotion.
"No, no, and no! I've told you already that you cannot go to Paris alone." 
"Why not?" "You're only fifteen!"
"No, no, father," said the princess, "I am not old enough to marry yet; give me, at any rate, a year and a day before the wedding takes place," for she hoped that George would come and save her from the wicked marshal.
"No, no, madam," cried the poor chief cook, all in tears; "you shall not die, and you shall see your children again at once. But then you must go home with me to my lodgings, where I have concealed them, and I will deceive the Queen once more, by giving her a young hind in your stead."
"No, not so much. At most comparing sizes, telling dirty stories." 
"Sizes of what?" "Of 'that'."
"No, not so much. At most comparing sizes, telling dirty stories." 
"Sizes of what?" "Of ’that’."
"No, you clean it! I'm not your skivvy!" she said.
"No," Dima replied. "To help me buy this Armani. I'm dirty, remember?"
"No," Dima replied. "To help me buy this Armani. I’m dirty, remember?"
"No," Tom replied quietly.
"No," he said in a determined manner.
"No," repeated the Englishman.
"No," replied Tom decisively.
"No," the shopkeeper replied. "I'm quite serious. You saw the price tag."
"No," the shopkeeper replied. "I’m quite serious. You saw the price tag."
"No..." Dima sighed. "I think I called the wrong country. Let me try the other 960s."
"Nobody believes that." 
"Well, almost nobody."
"Nobody is going to know where you bought your clothes." 
"No, they will!"
"Nobody knows that," said the doctor.
"Nobody wants children." 
"That 'nobody' got millions from the state by agreeing to bear 1, 2, 3 children within x years. And really started popping them out."
"Non" is a Latin word.
"Nonlinear" does NOT mean "nonconvex".
"Nonsense!" Anne laughed merrily. "There is no sacrifice. Nothing could be worse than giving up Green Gables—nothing could hurt me more."
"Noo!" cried Tom.
"Noobs," Al-Sayib stated. "If 25 people got killed by you, Dima, then they must have been noobs."
"Noobs?" Dima asked, a slight hint of anger in his voice. "This isn't a video game, Al-Sayib! This is real life!"
"Noobs?" Dima asked, a slight hint of anger in his voice. "This isn’t a video game, Al-Sayib! This is real life!"
"Nooo!" yelled Mary as Tom spilled her glass of milk.
"Nooo!" yelled Mary.
"Nor in my madness kept my purpose low, / but vowed, if e'er should happier chance invite, / and bring me home a conqueror, even so / my comrade's death with vengeance to requite. / My words aroused his wrath; thence evil's earliest blight. / Thenceforth Ulysses sought with slanderous tongue / to daunt me, scattering in the people's ear / dark hints, and looked for partners of his wrong; / nor rested, till with Calchas' aid, the seer..."
"Nor yet proud Ilion nor her towers had stood; / in lowly vales sequestered they abode."
"Normal" isn't in my vocabulary.
"Norway invited some members of the Taliban for a talk." 
"Why did they need to invite them to Norway? Don't they have computers and Skype?"
"Not everyone can come to our party." 
"Who's not coming?"
"Not everyone gets Tom's sense of humor." 
"I get it. I just don't think it's funny."
"Not everything needs to be matcha-flavored." 
"You are so right. So right."
"Not good" can sometimes be worse than "bad."
"Not here thy destined seat, / so saith the Delian god, not thine the shores of Crete."
"Not oft-blamed Paris, nor the hateful charms / of Helen; Heaven, unpitying Heaven to-day / hath razed the Trojan towers and reft the Dardan sway."
"Not only do we have the grooved teeth, we do have other structures in the skull that perhaps may be where the venom gland resided in a fossa or depression above the tooth row in the upper jaw," said David Burnham.
"Not so Achilles, whom thy lying tongue / would feign thy father; like a foeman brave, / he scorned a suppliant's rights and trust to wrong, / and sent me home in safety, – ay, and gave / my Hector's lifeless body to the grave."
"Not so; though glory wait not on the act; / though poor the praise, and barren be the gain, / vengeance on feeble woman to exact, / yet praised hereafter shall his name remain, / who purges earth of such a monstrous stain. / Sweet is the passion of vindictive joy, / sweet is the punishment, where just the pain, / sweet the fierce ardour of revenge to cloy, / and slake with Dardan blood the funeral flames of Troy."
"Not to brag, but I just made my first million dollars recently." 
"Wow, really? Good for you! I reached five billion yesterday, but one million is a great start. I'm really happy for you."
"Nothing for you?" "No, thanks. I'm fasting."
"Nothing is 100% in this world," said Gigi Gronvall, a senior scholar at the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security.
"Nouvelle cuisine" usually means not enough to fork on the plate and too much to fork out on the bill.
"Nouvelle cuisine" usually means too little on the plate and too much on the bill.
"Novels? I hate novels." Oh muse, forgive her blasphemy.
"Now I must say good-bye," he said suddenly.
"Now I take money in cash before we start," said the prostitute.
"Now all we have to do is wait." 
"For about forty minutes, isn't it?"
"Now and then I think of divorcing him." 
"You must be kidding!"
"Now die!" – So speaking, to the shrine he tore / the aged Priam, trembling with affright, / and feebly sliding in his son's warm gore. / The left hand twists his hoary locks; the right / deep in his side drives home the falchion, bared and bright.
"Now his body is my puppet." 
"Excellent, master. Ready for movie time?" "The plan has changed, Hectan. I'm going to Hyrule to take care of an imposter."
"Now it's saying something like, 'You don't have permission to execute that command.' What should I do?" "Just grant it authorization." 
"I don't know how to do that, that's what am asking!"
"Now learn, how best to compass my design. / To Tyrian Carthage hastes the princely boy, / prompt at the summons of his sire divine, / my prime solicitude, my chiefest joy, / fraught with brave store of gifts, saved from the flames of Troy."
"Now sit at the table and wait in the chamber until I return." 
"What should I do in the meantime?" "Learn your lesson for tomorrow, so that you can recite it to me before supper."
"Now tell me what's amiss with me?" "I'm in love with somebody else," said she.
"Now that I have children, I will hold out," the woman said.
"Now that I think of it, where's Tanimoto?" "Playing the lone wolf, as always."
"Now that I think of it, where’s Tanimoto?" "Playing the lone wolf, as always."
"Now the money, please." 
"Yes, yes, of course!"
"Now there's an opportunity not only to have what's come to be called 'cybersex' but to go further than that and actually establish personal relationships that would have been difficult, impossible, dangerous," he says.
"Now this couldn't have been done by anyone but aliens." 
"I did that last night, Tom."
"Now we're here!" "Enough! I'm going to talk to Ganon! Hey, Ganon! Ganon? ...Ganon!" "Silence! You dare?!" "...GANON!" "What?!" "I have a present for you: a bomb!"
"Now who are you ringing?" "I'm trying to get hold of Tom, but he's not answering."
"Now who can help me now?" "You." 
"Me?" "Yes, you. That is, me." 
"Enough with the jokes. Who are you?" "I'm you."
"Now you must have no more kisses," she said.
"Now, I want you to speak very slowly and very clearly. Can you do that for me?" "I guess so."
"Now, Tom, my lad, to get big and strong, you've got to eat properly. Here, let me fill you up some more." 
"Stop, Nan, please! I can't manage all that!"
"Now, boys." he said.
"Now, by Fate's decree, / here with the mother of the Gods I dwell."
"Now, choose,” he said, drawing his sword with the right hand, and, with the left, by the same motion taking a pistol from his belt and cocking it, but turning the point of one weapon and the muzzle of the other to the ground.
"Now, come on. You don't know that." 
"You're right. I don't know that."
"Now, now," he cries, "no tarrying; wheresoe'er / ye point the path, I follow and am there. / Gods of my fathers! O preserve to-day / my home, preserve my grandchild; for your care / is Troy, and yours this omen. I obey; / lead on, my son, I yield and follow on thy way."
"Now, then, what did you do to your hair?" "I dyed it."
"Now, to ease thy woes, / since sorrow for his sake hath dimmed thine eyes, / more will I tell, and hidden fates disclose. / He in Italia long shall battle with his foes, / and crush fierce tribes, and milder ways ordain, / and cities build and wield the Latin sway, / till the third summer shall have seen him reign, / and three long winter-seasons passed away / since fierce Rutulia did his arms obey."
"Now, when you described the Wigan coal explosion last month, could you not have gone down and helped those people, in spite of the choke-damp?" "I did." 
"You never said so." 
"There was nothing worth bucking about."
"Now, where's my freaking money?" "I don't have money; I spent all my money on dinner." 
"You will find money." 
"Or else what?" "I will seize your house!" "Shit!"
"Now," he said to the lady, "all we want is a drop of the maiden's blood."
"Now," said Mr. Wood.
"Now?" "No, not yet." 
"How about now?"
"Nuh-uh." 
"Uh-huh."
"O Goddess-born, high auspices are thine, / and heaven's plain omens guide thee o'er the main. / Thus Jove, by lot unfolding his design, / assorts the chances, and the Fates ordain. / This much may I of many things explain, / how best o'er foreign seas to urge thy keel / in safety, and Ausonian ports attain, / the rest from Helenus the Fates conceal, / and Juno's envious power forbids me to reveal."
"O Nymphs! O Pan!" he shouted in rapture, and hurrying down to the plain he threw himself into Chloe's arms, so full of delight that he fell fainting to the ground.
"O Tannenbaum" is a traditional German folk song.
"O Thou, whose nod and awful bolts attest / o'er Gods and men thine everlasting reign, / wherein hath my AEneas so transgressed, / wherein his Trojans, thus to mourn their slain, / barred from the world, lest Italy they gain?"
"O by the gods, who know the just and true, / by faith unstained – if any such there be –, / with mercy deign such miseries to view; / pity a soul that toils with evils all undue."
"O happy ye, whose walls already rise!" / Exclaimed AEneas, and with envious eyes / looked up where pinnacles and roof-tops showed / the new-born city; then in wondrous wise, / clothed in the covering of the friendly cloud, / passed through the midst unseen, and mingled with the crowd.
"O light of Troy, our refuge! why and how / this long delay? Whence comest thou again, / long-looked-for Hector? How with aching brow, / worn out by toil and death, do we behold thee now! / But oh! what dire indignity hath marred / the calmness of thy features? Tell me, why / with ghastly wounds do I behold thee scarred?"
"O queen, a tale too true, / too sad for words, thou biddest me repeat; / how Ilion perished, and the Danaan crew / her power and all her wailful realm o'erthrew: / the woes I saw, thrice piteous to behold, / and largely shared."
"O save my children!" shrieked the frantic mother, as she tried to rush into the burning pile.
"O say, / what manner of mankind is here? What land / is this, to treat us in this barbarous way? / They grudge the very shelter of the sand, / and call to arms and bar our footsteps from the strand!"
"O son of Tydeus, bravest of the race, / why could not I have perished, too, that day / beneath thine arm, and breathed this soul away / far on the plains of Troy, where Hector brave / lay, pierced by fierce AEacide, where lay / giant Sarpedon, and swift Simois' wave / rolls heroes, helms and shields, whelmed in one watery grave?"
"O son, long trained in Ilian fates, he said, / this chance Cassandra, she alone, displayed. / Oft to Hesperia and Italia's reign / she called us."
"O son, what mean / these transports? Say, what bitter grief doth move / thy soul to rage untamed? Where vanished is thy love?"
"OK, Kimi, the next car behind you is Alonso. Alonso five seconds behind you. I'll keep you updated on the gap. I'll keep you updated on the pace." 
"Just leave me alone, I know what I'm doing!"
"OK, Rima. Give it one more big push," said the doctor.
"OK, let me get this straight. Do you want to go out with me or not?" "It's just that I need to think about it."
"Oah! What do I do?" "Stop the blast! Get rid of it!"
"Objection!" "Overruled!"
"Objection!" "Sustained!"
"Objection, your honor." 
"Overruled."
"Objection. This certainly has no relevance." 
"All objections have been waived till the trial."
"Obvious" is the most dangerous word in mathematics.
"Occident" comes from the Latin verb "occido," meaning "I kill."
"Of all the trades in the world, there is only one that really suits me." 
"And what can that be?" "That of eating, drinking, sleeping, playing, and wandering around from morning till night."
"Of course I'm ready to die for my ideals," said the president.
"Of what nationality are your teachers?" - "Scottish.”
"Ogre hungry! Ogre smell flesh!" "Run, Tom!"
"Ogre hungry!" shouted the monster.
"Oh God, today is going so badly. Why do I lose everything?" "Because you are forgetful, careless and your Mum doesn't tell you off."
"Oh Tom, you big, strong man! Come here and kiss me!" "I'm sorry! I'm married!"
"Oh boy! It sure is a beautiful morning around here! In fact, I can't wait to–huh? What happened?" "What's up, Link?" "Morshu, what is going on?" "Hah, simple. With all the money I made from my successful businesses and my successful beatboxing career, I got rich!" "Wow, so you threw us a party?" "Hah, nope. Security, get those motherfuckers out."
"Oh dear", said Mary.
"Oh dear, Thomas, my good sir, I seem to have imbibed excessively and now I'm quite inebriated." 
"Stop talking like that, John!"
"Oh man! If I was as cool as Tom was, I'd have three girlfriends" - "I have another opinion about that. In any case, Tom has no girlfriend."
"Oh my God! What kind of laugh was that?" — "Oh, nothing serious! Mary is practicing how to laugh like a witch for a play."
"Oh my God" she thought, "are my kids, who the wolf swallowed for breakfast, still alive?"
"Oh my Gosh! What kind of cat is that?" "That happens to be a dog."
"Oh my goodness! Who on earth baked this cake?" "My beloved wife, Mary." 
"File for divorce immediately. I want to marry her!"
"Oh no! I left my umbrella on the train." 
"You are a scatterbrain!"
"Oh no!" "What's wrong?" "I washed these white sneakers I had, but they came out looking dirtier than they were before."
"Oh no, there's not enough time. This is hopeless, I'm just gonna wing it and try my best tomorrow, I don't care anymore." 
"What's the problem?" "I have an in-class presentation tomorrow, and I have all the materials ready, but I haven't gone over them yet. I've really messed up this time." 
"Well, no help for it."
"Oh well, I don't know then." 
"Me neither."
"Oh! No dinner in the fridge." 
"Buy some." 
"No money." 
"Get your butt from the couch and get a job."
"Oh! You've caught me at an awkward moment." 
"Don't worry. I'll pretend I didn't see anything."
"Oh! if I were only fifteen!" she said.
"Oh! they'll find him guilty," said the other. "Don't you be afraid of that."
"Oh!" said Allen, at this double insult. But Mrs. Hill laid her hand on his arm, and the touch quietened him. It was useless to be angry with so irresponsible a creature as Mr. Hill.
"Oh" can give emphasis to the statement.
"Oh" can show surprise.
"Oh, Anne, do come quick," implored Diana nervously.
"Oh, Eliza, young folks must have some amusement," protested Catherine.
"Oh, Eliza, young folks must have some amusement," protested Catherine. "I don't see the necessity. We didn't gad about to halls and places when we were young, Catherine Andrews. This world is getting worse every day."
"Oh, I am too happy!" he exclaimed to the little mermaid.
"Oh, I know I'm a great trial to you, Marilla," said Anne repentantly. "I make so many mistakes. But then just think of all the mistakes I don't make, although I might."
"Oh, I see you don't know what Poop is!" "Hmm... Poop is jokes about 'you sat on the stump and owed me a grand', right?"
"Oh, I shouldn't have said anything to Tom." 
"Exactly! Why on earth did you have to go and talk to a blabbermouth like him?"
"Oh, I'm so sorry," said Anne penitently.
"Oh, I'm so sorry," said Anne, tears welling into her eyes. "I never thought you'd mind."
"Oh, I'm tired of always being a Marionette!" cried Pinocchio disgustedly. "It's about time for me to grow into a man as everyone else does."
"Oh, Marilla, what shall I do?" questioned Anne in tears. "I can never live this down."
"Oh, Marilla, what will we do without him?" "We've got each other, Anne."
"Oh, Tanaka-san!" "Uh...!" "Have you been doing well?" "Yeah. Um, uh...! Oh my god, I'm so sorry, but your name is slipping my mind. What's your name again?" "Really? Come on. I'm Kunisada. Keiko Kunisada." 
"Oh, right, Kunisada-san. It's been a while!"
"Oh, Tom has talent. A lot of it. He's given me venereal disease three times this year. And it's only January!" wrote Mary in an online Internet forum while wiping away tears.
"Oh, biscuits! Pass 'em over." 
"No, they're for the guests!"
"Oh, boy..." Al-Sayib sighed. "Well, how much do you need? I've got about 10 grand just sitting in my offshore account."
"Oh, boy..." Al-Sayib sighed. "Well, how much do you need? I’ve got about 10 grand just sitting in my offshore account."
"Oh, darling," she said, "sit down, relax, and close your eyes."
"Oh, doctor," she cried, clasping her hands, "I have a dear daughter at home--the one thing yet left me."
"Oh, hasn't it been a brilliant evening?" sighed Anne, when it was all over and she and Diana were walking home together under a dark, starry sky.
"Oh, hello. I wasn't expecting to see you here." 
"I was surprised, too."
"Oh, hey look! There's Tom's new beau."
"Oh, hi mom. Were you listening or something?" "No, I was just passing by."
"Oh, if I were only as great a tree as the others!" sighed the little Fir.
"Oh, if only you would write for me." 
"What exactly?"
"Oh, it's a lot more," Dima smiled. "But actually, this is a collect call. So you're the noob, 'cause you're paying."
"Oh, it's so cold in here! Turn the heating on," said Mary, turning it on herself.
"Oh, it’s a lot more," Dima smiled. "But actually, this is a collect call. So you’re the noob, ’cause you’re paying."
"Oh, mother," said the housewife, breaking into bitter tears.
"Oh, no! I left my charge card in the bathroom."
"Oh, no. There's a parking ticket under my windscreen wiper. I'd only nipped out to buy some bread rolls." 
"You still have to get a ticket from the pay and display machine, Mary, even for that."
"Oh, right, you're a werewolf, aren't you?" "I'm mixed blood, so I don't transform or anything."
"Oh, right, you’re a werewolf, aren’t you?" "I’m mixed blood, so I don’t transform or anything."
"Oh, sorry about that." 
"It's all right."
"Oh, sorry about that." 
"That's all right."
"Oh, sorry." 
"You're fine."
"Oh, that must have hurt her feelings very much," said Anne reproachfully. "How could you say such a thing?"
"Oh, that smells good!" "Yeah, Mary's baking something."
"Oh, that's a good idea," she said.
"Oh, there's a dead mouse here!" "The cat probably dragged it in."
"Oh, there's business here," Brixx Wood Fired Pizza general manager Lethr’ Rothert told VOA. "The restaurant stays busy and we're making loads of money, but I don't have the staff to keep up."
"Oh, they never look at anything that folks like we can understand," the carter continued, by way of passing the time. "On'y foreign tongues used in the days of the Tower of Babel, when no two families spoke alike. They read that sort of thing as fast as a night-hawk will whir. 'Tis all learning there—nothing but learning, except religion. And that's learning too, for I never could understand it. Yes, 'tis a serious-minded place. Not but there's wenches in the streets o' nights…"
"Oh, this is a day left over from Eden, isn't it, Diana?" . . . and Anne sighed for sheer happiness.
"Oh, well..." thought Dima. "I suppose that I can't be picky at a time like this."
"Oh, well..." thought Dima. "I suppose that I can’t be picky at a time like this."
"Oh, what a beautiful book, Mary! May I have a look at it?" "Are your hands clean?" "Of course they are!" replied Tom, smiling and wiping his hands on his trousers.
"Oh, what a tasty meal!" What is it made of?" - "We probably don't want to know."
"Oh, what are you like? You're so gauche!" she laughed. "Here, read this." She threw a book towards me. I caught it. "What is it?" "A sodding book! What do you think it is?"
"Oh, what have you been up to this time?" she cried, visibly dismayed.
"Oh, why doesn't she hear me," Echo thought to himself.
"Oh, yes," he answered.
"Oh, you skinned your knee. That hurts..." 
"Of course that hearts!"
"Oh, you're a linguist? How many languages do you speak?" "That's not what that means... Ugh, fine, a hundred." 
"Whoa..."
"Oh, you're gay? Do you know Tom Jackson?" "We don't all know each other, you know. But yes."
"Oh, you're here as well!" "How could I miss an event like this?"
"Oh," said Anne, "Diana, this is too much. I must be dreaming."
"Oh," sighed the duckling, "how thankful I am for being so ugly; even a dog will not bite me."
"Oh. Hello, Rob." 
"Your new album's a pile o' shite, so it is!" "It's good to see you, too, mate. Do you want to come in for a cup of tea?"
"Oh. How was the test? Do you think you'll get the credits?" "No. There's no way. I'll be going in a suit to make a plea to the professor tomorrow."
"Oh. Telephone's ringing. I'll get it." 
"No, Tom, let it ring. It's most probably Mary."
"Oh. You're alive?" "Yes. Where is everyone?" "Dunno."
"Oh? If you're free get the cleaning done." 
"What's up with that? Don't order your brother around!"
"Oh? If you’re free get the cleaning done." 
"What’s up with that? Don’t order your brother around!"
"Oh? Then, as I expected, I've been around longer than you. This year I'm 20-mumble years old." 
"What does that tell me?"
"Oh? Then, as I expected, I’ve been around longer than you. This year I’m 20-mumble years old." 
"What does that tell me?"
"Oh? Where's Keiko?" "She said that she has a teacher, parent and child meeting so she'll be late."
"Oh? Where’s Keiko?" "She said that she has a teacher, parent and child meeting so she’ll be late."
"Oi! Get up! That's my seat!" "Oh, it's your seat, is it? I don't see a name on it."
"Oi, what are you doing, pulling up the blind? I'm still asleep!" "Look at the time. It's gone ten!"
"Oi," I said, nudging him with my knee, "don't fall asleep."
"Okay class, so before we begin picking our partners, let's touch all the bases. Let me know if you have any questions."
"Okay, Adrian, pitting, pitting." 
"I really don't understand this drivethrough. I mean, the backmarker was holding me up, holding everyone up, and I get a drivethrough. Tell the FIA I really don't understand that." 
"Yes, we think it's very harsh and we will discuss it further with the FIA."
"Okay, I'll tell you, but don't laugh." 
"I promise."
"Okay, Kimi, we need to keep working all four tyres please, keep working all four tyres." 
"Yes, yes, yes, yes, I'm doing that all the time. You don't have to remind me every ten seconds."
"Okay, now I've been completely honest with you." 
"Honest, my ass! I don't believe a single word you say."
"Okay, okay," said the doctor. "I'll definitely take a look at her."
"Okay, okay," said the doctor. "I’ll definitely take a look at her."
"Okay, that didn't work out." 
"You think?"
"Okonatta" is the right word.
"Old demons are reawakening, ready to sow chaos and death," warned Macron. "History sometimes threatens to repeat its tragic patterns and undermine the legacy of peace we thought we had sealed with the blood of our ancestors."
"Old is good." 
"And that's what makes you great."
"Old woman be damned!" said Sherlock Holmes, sharply. "We were the old women to be so taken in. It must have been a young man, and an active one, too, besides being an incomparable actor. The get-up was inimitable. He saw that he was followed, no doubt, and used this means of giving me the slip."
"Omar" is a religious series.
"Ombudsman" is one of the widely used words that have been borrowed from Swedish.
"On Sundays, I was allowed to use my mum's record player," she said. "I played her Beatles and Small Faces, and my Madness and Kate Bush until Dad came home from the pub."
"On behalf of the leadership of the Congress of the People I take this opportunity to extend our collective gratitude to you for bestowing on us such confidence as to entrust with the responsibility to lead our new party, the Congress of the People," said Lekota.
"On the contrary," said Holmes, "out of my last fifty-three cases my name has only appeared in four, and the police have had all the credit in forty-nine. I don't blame you for not knowing this, for you are young and inexperienced, but if you wish to get on in your new duties you will work with me and not against me."
"On the other hand," Tam says, "we did find that when hydrocortisone and dexamethasone were given after the child was born, this was associated with decreased growth of cerebellum."
"On what charge do you expect to be arrested?" "Upon the charge of murdering Mr. Jonas Oldacre, of Lower Norwood."
"On your bike!" he shouted, slamming the door shut.
"On your feet," shouted the guard.
"Once is like never," implied the young lady. Yet the gynecologist implied: "twins."
"Once you're in a mess, at least you shut up," MohYa said in the story of "the bird in the cow dung" he told in one of his audio tapes.
"One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" is one of my favorite movies.
"One Hundred Years of Solitude" is considered the most important work of Spanish literature since "Don Quixote."
"One Hundred Years of Solitude", a novel by Gabriel García Marquez, has been translated into more than 35 languages.
"One alone, / Celaeno, sings of famine foul and dread, / a nameless prodigy, a plague unknown. / What perils first to shun? what path to tread, / to win deliverance from such toils?"
"One aspect of language is an intent to communicate," he says.
"One cannot love a thing," he told himself, "unless one has every reason to believe that it is perfection."
"One egg is not hatched yet," said the duck.
"One of these and two of these, please." 
"To take away?" "No, to eat in."
"One of this and two of this, please." 
"Take-away?" "No, having here."
"One other thing, Lestrade," he added, turning round at the door: "'Rache,' is the German for 'revenge'; so don't lose your time looking for Miss Rachel."
"One other thought comes to mind: This world keeps changing, but not really improving. I try not to be a pessimist most of the time, though." 
"That's a deeply human realization—one that echoes through the quiet reflections of sages and poets alike."
"One sees clearly only with the heart. The essential is invisible to the eye."
"One should not give an offering without anything else", says a Kabyle proverb of yesteryear.
"One sugar or two?" "Three, please." 
"Three?" "Yeah, I like my coffee sweet."
"One swell foop" is a Spoonerism, "the flaw in the ointment" is a Farberism.
"One way or round trip?" "One way, please."
"One way or round trip?" "Um... let me think. Round trip."
"One" and "two" are small numerals.
"One-one, this is one-two. Say again, you're coming in broken. Over."
"Online learning didn't feel the same, even if I left my dorm room and set up my computer outdoors. I felt very disengaged because of the format itself," said Nash.
"Only birds have feathers." “What about angels? I thought they had them too."
"Only now, after ten years, I finally understood what Tom meant on that occasion. I must call him right now!" "Mom, it's too late at night."
"Only one person has understood me," said Hegel on his deathbed, adding morosely, "and he didn't understand me, either."
"Oops! Sorry the castle exploded. I was using my magic fireworks." 
"Be more careful next time, Link."
"Open that door, or I will shoot you all!" she cried.
"Open the door," said William calmly, but sternly.
"Open this door right now." 
"Go away!"
"Open this door!" she commanded. "Let me out of here at once."
"Open your books to page 48." 
"I didn't bring mine."
"Open your mouth" said the dentist.
"Open your mouth," said the dentist.
"Open! I say," repeated Geppetto, "or I'll give you a sound whipping when I get in."
"Ophthalmologist" is intimidatingly difficult to spell.
"Optimists are more successful than pessimists." 
"Could that be because successful people have had more positive experiences and fewer negative ones?"
"Oran" in the Berber language means "lions."
"Orange Cards" are available from the conductor.
"Oso", "ojo", "ala", "Ana", "Oto" and "anilina" are palindromes.
"Ostrich!"â€”and everyone stuck their heads under the table.
"Ostrich!"—and everyone stuck their heads under the table.
"Other college students with a talent, whether it be literature, music, or technological innovation, can monetize their skill and hard work,'' Newsom said Monday. "Student athletes, however, are prohibited from being compensated while their respective colleges and universities make millions, often at great risk to athletes' health, academics and professional careers."
"Ouch! Don't flick me."
"Ouch!" "What's the matter?" "I stepped on a thumbtack."
"Our boss insisted on that price," the shopkeeper explained. "But you know, you don't have to pay me 0.99 in kopeks. You can pay more if you like."
"Our boss insisted on that price," the shopkeeper explained. "But you know, you don’t have to pay me 0.99 in kopeks. You can pay more if you like."
"Our college just got this thing called The Facebook." 
"Don't join. I got a message from the future." 
"Ha ha, sure, Tom."
"Our conversation is done." 
"But wait..." 
"Leave!"
"Our country had a good run." 
"Not really."
"Our customers are in Taiwan", explained Tom.
"Our house is burning. Literally," French President Emmanuel Macron tweeted Thursday. "The Amazon rainforest, the lungs which produces 20% of our planet's oxygen, is on fire. It is an international crisis."
"Our original plan was to just have friends and family come over and help us move our belongings and that became … not an option," she said.
"Our situation has improved considerably. We can see light at the end of the tunnel." 
"Be careful that it's not an oncoming train."
"Our train leaves at 9." 
"Don't worry. We'll make it."
"Our train leaves at 9:00." 
"Don't worry. We'll make it."
"Our train leaves at 9:00." 
"Don’t worry. We’ll make it."
"Our train leaves at nine." 
"Don't worry. We'll be there on time."
"Out of concern I've lost 6 kilograms. Though it's beginning to come back." 
"You certainly look a lot slimmer than when I saw you last."
"Over and done with" means "finished."
"Overnight, a chance of frost in low-lying areas," said the weather forecast.
"Ow! Watch it! You trod on my foot!" "Oh, sorry! I didn't mean to!"
"Ow! Why did you kick me?" "You weren't giving me back my book, so I didn't have another choice."
"Ow-ow-ouch" "Are you alright?"
"Ow-ow-ouch." 
"Are you alright?"
"Oy, what's up, Tanji?" "I'm having trouble because there's a unit I didn't take at my last school."
"Oy, what’s up, Tanji?" "I’m having trouble because there’s a unit I didn’t take at my last school."
"Pad See Ew" is a Thai dish made with flat, broad rice noodles.
"Pakistan is going to be a very, very important country in the future and we want to be sure that we are part of that," he emphasised.
"Palestinians are not civilised," said Mr Johnson.
"Panpsychism" and "pantheism" are homonyms in Japanese—"hanshinron." They have different kanji.
"Panthus", I cry, "how fares the fight? what tower / still hold we?"
"Pardon me, where is the entrance to the dragon's cave?" "You don't want to go there."
"Pass me the salt, please." 
"Here you are."
"Past tense" is used in connection with actions in the past.
"Paul is sick in bed today." 
"That's too bad."
"Paul is sick in bed today." 
"That’s too bad."
"Peace be upon you." 
"Peace be upon you, too."
"Peace is evitable", said the old general.
"Peaceful" coexistence and multiculturalism: racism's best hiding place in Eleusis.
"Peanut brains!" "Moron!"
"Pecan" is one of those tricky words that gets pronounced in several different ways.
"Peh-oe-ji, Childish Writing?" by Wi-vun Taiffalo Chiung is an article about the orthography of the Hokkien Sinitic topolect.
"People are fascinated with Harriet Tubman because they see her as an ordinary person who rose up against all odds to escape the savagery of slavery," said Donald Pinder, president of a group that runs the Harriet Tubman Museum in Cambridge, Maryland.
"People are in chaos and no one is fighting with each other," said.
"People are really struggling under this debt for a very long time. Your repayment term is 20 to 25 years, and that’s as long as some people’s mortgages," she said.
"People are starting to understand the gravity,” said Andrea Sterpino, the owner of the bar and restaurant San Rocco in the Lazio village of Celleno.
"People come to Twitter to talk about what's happening, and sometimes conversations about things we care about can get intense, and people say things in the moment they might regret later," the company said in a blog post.
"People don't know that they are right or wrong," said one of the pair of skateboarders that walked past on the sidewalk this morning.
"People don't seem to be coming out to these events any more." 
"I think it's the weather, mate." 
"You might be right there."
"People from North Dakota are more talkative than people from South Dakota. Probably, I guess. I dunno," said Tom.
"People like me who have trouble with online learning would need a few years to figure out all the new strategies," she concluded.
"People love it when we say 'this salad came from out back and this basil was grown outside," garden manager Gwen Schantz said.
"People really, really need to wake up," said Parisian Veronique Weil, who braved whipping rain to join a climate rally at the city's iconic Place de la République. "The seas are rising, countries are going to disappear. ... It's crazy."
"People who can not play together will not work together long," said Elbert Hubbard.
"People with pronouns are narcasstic." 
"You mean narcissistic." 
"You know what I mean." 
"You just used three pronouns."
"People's Democratic Republic of Algeria" is the official name of Algeria.
"Per and Oliver have already given their consent." 
"So, now it all depends on what Anna says."
"Performed" is the right word.
"Perhaps I'll never get better." 
"Don't talk nonsense, Yumi. You're gonna get better. I'm certain of it. You've gotta be strong."
"Perhaps we'd better not tell Tom anything about today." 
"I agree."
"Perhaps you are right, Watson," he said.
"Perhaps you cannot yourself recall how your reverie commenced?" "No, I cannot." 
"Then I will tell you."
"Perhaps you would prefer at once to go on to the scene of the crime, Mr. Holmes?" said Gregory.
"Perhaps you'd like me to play a song for you." 
"I'd like that."
"Pet Sematary" was a real cliff-hanger.
"Pet loss" refers to the reactions of shock and anger that occur in owners who have been bereaved of their pets.
"Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers" is an example of an English tongue-twister.
"Pfirsichbäumchen" means "little peach tree" in German.
"Phaethon's nature is debated," said Cooke. "It's either a near-Earth asteroid or an extinct comet, sometimes called a rock comet."
"Pharmako AI" is the title of the first book written by a human (K Allado-McDowell) in partnership with an Artificial Intelligence (GPT-3).
"Phew, I made it." 
"Welcome back. You're sweating like crazy." 
"Yeah. A guy on an electric bike was about to pass me, so I really gave it my all." 
"And? How'd that go?" "I lost."
"Philae", the descent module of the "Rosetta" probe, landed on the surface of the Churyumov-Gerasimenko comet.
"Phragmites has been referred to as a Jekyll and Hyde species," she said.
"Pick up your toys." 
"But I picked them up yesterday!" "It doesn't matter. Do it again."
"Pierre, French India started out in history with the French East India Company in Pondicherry in the 17th century." 
"And from there, the French expanded throughout the eastern half of the subcontinent, right, Richard?" "Yeah, I think you know the history."
"Pierre, Goa was the seed of the Portuguese expansion in Western India." 
"It started in the 16th century, right, Richard?" "Yeah, now there's Portuguese India, covering the western half of the subcontinent."
"Pierre, horse carriages are still popular in the cities of Portuguese India and French India." 
"Magnificent, Richard!"
"Pietro is now a girl who calls himself Patricia." 
"Has he grown a vagina over the summer?"
"Pipe up, please!"
"Pipes are occasionally of extraordinary interest," said he. "Nothing has more individuality, save perhaps watches and bootlaces."
"Plant the potatoes which give the best yield." 
"What do you mean by 'best yield'?"
"Please be on time." 
"I always am, aren't I?"
"Please check again." 
"Certainly."
"Please don't expect me to always be good and kind and loving. There are times where I will be cold and thoughtless and hard to understand."
"Please don't gape at me. It's rather rude, y'know."
"Please don't go off on a tangent. Stay focused."
"Please don't leave me!" "It's too late, Mary."
"Please don't post that." 
"I'm not scared of mad prostitutes."
"Please don't string me along."
"Please don't sulk." 
"I'm not sulking."
"Please don't tell her." 
"I won't say anything."
"Please don't tell him." 
"I won't say anything."
"Please forgive me." 
"I already have."
"Please forgive my intrusion, but this is something that you're going to want to hear."
"Please give me a painkiller." 
"No. I can't give you one yet."
"Please give me some water." 
"All right."
"Please give me the key to the bathroom." 
"You don't need one."
"Please go there now." 
"Go where?"
"Please go with Tom." 
"What if we don't want to?"
"Please lead children by the hand" read the sign on the wall at the foot of the stairs.
"Please leave for work earlier than usual." 
"Understood."
"Please move aside." 
"Ya wanna make something of it, sonny?"
"Please open the door." 
"Just a minute."
"Please put this on the top." 
"On top of what?"
"Please repeat after me: I believe in God." 
"I believe in God." 
"And I believe that Muhammad and Moses are His messengers." 
"And I believe that Muhammad and Moses, peace and blessings be upon them, are His messengers."
"Please state your name." 
"Ziri Yazid."
"Please take me home." 
"You heard the man."
"Please take me to my room." 
"You heard the lady."
"Please think about it carefully." 
"Think about what?"
"Please, I never ask you for anything." 
"That's not true. You ask me for things all the time."
"Please, Ziri, forgive me." 
"I already have, Rima... I already have."
"Please, sit down," he said.
"Please, would you cut this noise out?" "I'm not going to stop until I win!"
"Please," says the crew member.
"Pleased to meet you, Mr. James." 
"The pleasure is all mine. It's an honor to make your acquaintance."
"Pleased to meet you, Tom." 
"The pleasure is all mine."
"Pleased to see you." 
"The pleasure's all mine. Please, have a seat. Do you mind if my daughter takes part in the conversation?" "I'd prefer it if we could talk in private."
"Pluvas!" I would say in Esperanto, but "Il pluve!" in Interlingua. Green and Blue: "It's raining!" In my lime green sack with an image of a green lizard on it, I brought two books to Tim Hortons café to read, one Esperanto, one Interlingua: Tra Lando de Indianoj, by Tibor Sekelj, and Contos in Interlingua, by Sven Frank. I was eating Scrambled Eggs with Sausage and Potatoes and drinking an Earl Grey Tea with oat milk. It was after 5 in the morning. The hall was practically empty. Outside the bay windows were wet streets. Today's the 17th of May of 2025.
"Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis!" said Tom, answering the question of which word is the longest in the English dictionary.
"Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis" is one of the biggest words in the English language.
"Police state! Police state!" screamed an irate teenager as he was being dragged to a squad car for smoking weed publicly.
"Police!" "Up here! Up here!"
"Politics thinks only to four years, but this is 30 years, 80 years. How do we ask them to think for the future, for the young generation?" he said.
"Poor Pinocchio, I am sorry for you." 
"Why?" "Because you are a marionette and, what is much worse, you have a wooden head."
"Poor blackbird!" said Pinocchio to the Cat. "Why did you kill him?"
"Poor dears!" she said, and then she looked so very sad herself that Tom and Racey took to comforting her, instead of expecting her to comfort them.
"Poor devil!" he said, commiseratingly, after he had listened to my misfortunes. "What are you up to now?"
"Poor little soul," she murmured, lifting a loose curl of hair from the child's tear-stained face.
"Poor things!" murmured the Queen softly. "What did you do?"
"Pop" is one of the regional terms in the U.S. for a carbonated soft drink.
"Pop, pop," sounded in the air, and the two wild geese fell dead among the rushes, and the water was tinged with blood.
"Popov is a traitor?" "Yes. We've got to beat the shit outta him!" "How?" "Hell knows."
"Pour this pot of hot tea over the icy windscreen." 
"Have you gone barking mad?"
"Practising sword throwing?" "It just slipped out of my hands."
"Pravda" is the Russian word for truth.
"Pre-Siberian American Aborigines," who were Australoids, are theorized to have migrated into the Americas thousands of years before the first Mongoloids, Amerindians, arrived from Asia.
"Premarital sex?" "Yes, Tom. It means sex before marriage."
"President, is it okay for me to visit you tomorrow?" "I don't mind."
"Presumptuous winds, begone, / and take your king this message, that the sway / of Ocean and the sceptre and the throne / Fate gave to me, not him; the trident is my own."
"Pretty gem, isn't it?" Not knowing if it was a suitable subject or not, but anyway I tried to get her interest that way.
"Pretty gem, isn’t it?" Not knowing if it was a suitable subject or not, but anyway I tried to get her interest that way.
"Pretty soon people will be getting executed for being straight." 
"Wow. That's a pretty extreme persecution fetish you've got there, don't you think?"
"Priam bids the cords unbind, / and thus with friendly words the captive cheers:"
"Pride is a sin." 
"Priests diddle kids."
"Probably just a stupid urban legend" "But they do say 'there's no smoke without fire', don't they?"
"Probably just a stupid urban legend" "But they do say ’there’s no smoke without fire’, don’t they?"
"Professor, I know why!" "Why?" "Because!" "No!" "Ha, professor, exactly — but not absolutely so!"
"Professor, I suppose I think one ought not but may." 
"Why, I think one may but ought not." 
"So what then?" "Nothing."
"Professor, can I go in the bathroom?" "If you go to the bathroom, you can."
"Professor, is God against euthanasia? I kinda forgot." 
"Let's ask him about it! ...A-a-a-ah!" "So is it yes or no?"
"Professor, what happened?" "Guys, my orange was trying to seize the world with his black... moustache!" "You're crazy, right?" "Right."
"Promise me you won't do anything stupid while I'm away." 
"I promise."
"Promise?" "Yes, I promise."
"Promise?" "man's word."
"Propaganda" is originally a Latin word which means "things which are to be spread."
"Property is theft." 
"Puppetry is theft?"
"Prospects for repair?" "Prof. Shubaishen, the leader of the system development team, is presently unwell so we think it will take a while longer ..."
"Prostite," he excused himself in Russian.
"Prove you exist." 
"I think, therefore I am." 
"Prove you think."
"Prove yourself." 
"In what way?" "Figure it out."
"Prurient" is a word that men use to blame other people for their sexual arousal.
"Psalms are boring" said the girl.
"Psst! Mary! Can I borrow a sheet of notebook paper?" Tom tapped Mary's shoulder with his pencil's eraser. "Do you intend to write on it?" Mary asked Tom in a deadpan tone. "Yeah." 
"Then I don't want it back." Mary handed Tom a sheet of notebook paper.
"Push it down a little more." 
"This is as further down it goes."
"Push the red button." 
"Where's the red button?"
"Put Yanni down." 
"What?" "Put the baby down!" "If you're going to beat me with me holding your son, then just do it. I'm used to it, anyways." 
"Put that baby down, I said!"
"Put some pants on!" said Mary to Tom, who stood naked before her.
"Put the baby down, I said." 
"If you want to beat me and me holding your son, then beat me."
"Put this stuff away at once!" she yelled in a rage.
"Putonghua" and "Beijinghua" are not the same.
"Q told me that Democrats rigged the election." 
"Republicans are rigging elections out in the open."
"Quack, quack!" the duck said.
"Quack, quack," said the duck.
"Quantum Leap" was such a great show!
"Queen Dido rules the land, who came from Tyre afar, / flying her brother. Dark the tale of crime, / and long, but briefly be the sum supplied."
"Quick, father, mount my shoulders, let us go. / That toil shall never tire me."
"Quiet," Tom whispered.
"Quiet," he whispered.
"Quod erat demonstrandum" is a Latin expression commonly used in mathematics. It means "What was to be shown."
"Quod erat demonstrandum" is a Latin expression often used in mathematics, which means "that which was to be demonstrated."
"Quod erat demonstrandum" is a Latin phrase common in mathematics. It means "which was to be demonstrated."
"Quod erat demonstrandum" is a Latin phrase that's often used in mathematics. It means "That which must be demonstrated."
"Ragnar, is sci-fi a form of lying?" "Björn, storytelling is not really lying. The stories are hypothetical situations."
"Raising a child is physically exhausting." 
"Yeah. I can see that."
"Ralph, you cannot overtake Damon, OK? This is a team order: you cannot overtake Damon. ...That bit about overtaking Damon — you heard that, didn't you? ...You get that, Ralph, did you hear me? ...Ralph, acknowledge." 
"...Yes, Sam."
"Ranch or blue cheese with your salad?" "Can we get both?"
"Read to yourself." 
"I am reading to myself." 
"I mean without talking."
"Real, then, real is thy face, and true / thy tidings? Liv'st thou, child of heavenly seed? / If dead, then where is Hector?"
"Really, my lady" stammered out the haberdasher, after what appeared to us to be a most ominous pause, "I am deeply sensible of your ladyship's patronage, and the patronage of your ladyship's niece."
"Really, my lady" stammered out the haberdasher, after what appeared to us to be a most ominous pause, "I am deeply sensible of your ladyship’s patronage, and the patronage of your ladyship’s niece."
"Really, this is comfortable!" said I, glancing around the handsomely furnished parlour of my young friend Brainard, who had, a few weeks before, ventured upon matrimony, and was now making his first experiments in housekeeping.
"Really?" "Really, really."
"Really?" "Yeah right."
"Really?" "Yes, really."
"Reason dictates that people should get vaccinated in a pandemic and those who wait risk a serious illness and spreading the virus," Spahn said.
"Rebellion in the Backlands", by Euclides da Cunha, is an enormous book with more than 300 pages.
"Rebellion is my middle name." 
"Really?" "Yes; my full name is Thomas Rebellion Jackson."
"Recent studies have indicated that students graduating with internship experiences, in general, are more likely than students without those experiences to find employment upon graduation," wrote the NACE Journal in May 2017.
"Recevoir" is an irregular -ir verb that's shortened in all forms, given a vowel change from 'e' to 'oi' in the 'je,' 'tu,' 'il/elle,' and 'ils/elles' forms, and given a spelling change on the letter 'c' in those same forms.
"Rein it in."
"Remember here?" "It's where we gathered for going to school in groups."
"Remember here?" "It’s where we gathered for going to school in groups."
"Remember me?" "No." 
"Well, well. I'm surprised you don't recognise me!" "Are we supposed to?"
"Remember that orphan from Nigeria?" "It's Algeria and he's not an orphan."
"Remember the first movie Sonic design?" "Yeah. That was horrific. I'm glad they changed it."
"Remember to put on the bulletproof vest, darling." 
"Like I fucking need it!"
"Remember when Tom lost that ounce?" "Never forget."
"Remember when Tom threw up all over the pizza?" "Never forget."
"Remember your promise!" "Don't worry! I can keep a secret!"
"Remove the red wire." 
"I've removed it. Now what?"
"Renkon, I saw banana trees growing in the domes of the Imperial Martian Garden!" "Were there fruits, Meron?" "Yeah, there were different colours and sizes!"
"Renkon, I’ve never been to the Asteroid Belt. Have you?" "Yeah, Neo, I once had a field trip there."
"Renkon, have you been to Mars' pleasure domes?" "Yeah, Meron, I have."
"Renkon, the Imperial Martian Garden is in the Barsoom Colony." 
"Let's take the subterranean train to there, Neo!"
"Renkon, where were you born?" "I was born on Barsoom, Mars. My father was from Jupiter Station. My mother was from Triton."
"Representative Haaland's confirmation represents a gigantic step forward in creating a government that represents the full richness and diversity of this country,'' said Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer.
"Resham Firiri" is a very popular Nepali song.
"Rest your features" is pseudo-polite for "Shut up."
"Rice and quinoa are safe grains," said Mary. "What? Why?" said Tom.
"Right now I would say half of our farmers maybe do not have access to solid internet or even cellphone communication to make these types of transactions happen," he says.
"Right, I'll check your work, OK?" "Please go ahead and inspect. I think I gave it a good go."
"Right, I’ll check your work, OK?" "Please go ahead and inspect. I think I gave it a good go."
"Right, shall we be off then?" "Yes. Let's go!"
"Right, shall we be off then?" "Yes. Let’s go!"
"Rima caught her husband cheating on her with that dirty whore." 
"He wasn't expecting her to be back home before four."
"Rima has a boyfriend." 
"Whoa! Slow down... Could you say that again?"
"Rima is in bed with..." 
"Yeah, with...?" "She's in bed with..." 
"Yeah!!! Speak!!! With who?" "She's in bed with a high fever!"
"Rima may go the wrong way." 
"Don't show me how to educate my daughter."
"Rima missed Ziri's meat." 
"What do you mean?" "Forget it."
"Rima took an hour to get ready." 
"Marry her." 
"Why?" "My Skura takes four solid hours to get ready."
"Rima took an hour to get ready." 
"Skura takes four."
"Rise, and thy parent with these tidings greet, / to seek Ausonian shores, for Jove denies thee Crete."
"Risk money" refers to funds placed in investments that seek high-return, although high-risk, investments.
"Road under Repair."
"Rock-paper-scissors, OK?" "Rock." 
"Sciss... paper." 
"You cheated!"
"Roma" is an anagram of "amor."
"Romain, we've got a problem with air consumption of the engine, so box this lap, please box this lap." 
"No! What is wrong with this car..?"
"Ronpari" is a word that designates those whose eyes don't look straight, but in different directions to the left and right, as if they were looking at Paris and London.
"Ronpari" is a word that designates those whose eyes don’t look straight, but in different directions to the left and right, as if they were looking at Paris and London.
"Ruche" is literally French for "beehive," but means something quite a bit different in English. If you use your imagination, however, you can see some similarities.
"Rul" means cat in Láadan.
"Run and get me the paper!" "Since when are you my boss?"
"Run out to get me the paper!" "Since when are you my boss?"
"Run" is a commonly-used English word that has many different meanings.
"Run" is a commonly-used English word with many different meanings.
"Russians should be proud of this." 
"Russians are proud of everything they have."
"Rytsas" means "hello" in High Valyrian.
"Ryu, I can't seeee!" "Naturally, that's because I'm covering your eyes."
"Ryu, I can’t seeee!" "Naturally, that’s because I’m covering your eyes."
"SOC nine, Danny, SOC nine." 
"What?" "SOC. Nine." 
"I don't understand anything!" "SOC. Nine. State of charge nine."
"Safe could Antenor pass th' Illyrian shore / through Danaan hosts, and realms Liburnian gain, / and climb Timavus and her springs explore, / where through nine mouths, with roaring surge, the main / bursts from the sounding rocks and deluges the plain."
"Safe sex is when two people do it in a safe." 
"Or with a safe." 
"Safe to say that could never happen." 
"Do you really think so?"
"Salas." 
"Dad?" "This is the end, my son. Please forgive me."
"Salas." 
"Farid." 
"Nice to meet you."
"Sales department, how can I help you?" "Is Saito there?" "Mr. Saito, our manager?" "Right." 
"May I ask who's calling?" "It's Tanaka." 
"Excuse me. Boss! Director Tanaka is on the phone."
"Sam, did you go through mind uploading yet?" "Yeah, Tony, I have backed up my mind in the Mind Bank. I do it every five years."
"Same difference," he said.
"Sami beat me." 
"That little asshole."
"Sami is at a mental institution." 
"And that's where you belong, too."
"Sami is at a psychiatric hospital." 
"That's where he belongs anyway."
"Sami is having an affair." 
"Are you sure, Layla?"
"Sami is missing." 
"Don't tell me."
"Sami isn't as bad as people think he is." 
"Even when he steals cars?"
"Sami knows all the words." 
"He has to. He's an experienced comedian."
"Sami loves you." 
"You really think so?" "Yes, I do."
"Sami was just sentenced to life." 
"Can it get any worse than that?"
"Sami" was the first name that popped in my head.
"Sami." 
"Yes." 
"I love you, too."
"Sami?" "Who's asking?"
"Sanctions are wrong." 
"But Tom, don't you support BDS?"
"Sandy, imagine you're a fish in a fishbowl in the living room. The fishbowl is like our Earth. The living room is the universe. Some people, not being space-savvy, ignore the living room beyond the fishbowl." 
"Wesley, I'm ignorant, like many people."
"Sandy, the fishbowl is like our Earth. The fishbowl is in the living room. There may be other fishbowls in the living room, or even in the kitchen." 
"Wesley, you're trying to teach astronomy to an ignorant peasant like me."
"Santa, why can't grown-ups get presents?" "That's because I want to give dreams to children."
"Santiago was talking to himself." 
"He was just playing pretend like all kids do."
"Santorum" is an English neologism, named after homophobic American senator Rick Santorum, which describes the mixture of sperm, fecal matter and lubricant sometimes resulting from anal intercourse.
"Sauna" is one of the few widely used words that have been borrowed from Finnish.
"Save me, Dr. Rabbit!" "No." 
"Oh!" "Attack, children!"
"Say 'I love you' in French." 
"Je t'aime." 
"Thank you, I love you, too."
"Say something in English." 
"What do you want me to say?" "This is an unnatural sentence." 
"Why?" "Because you're not a native speaker."
"Say something in French, to see." 
"Meaning, something?" "I don’t know, something, anything." 
"Bonjour. Merci. Here it is." 
"Pfff, you’re so lame." 
"Well, you told me to say no matter what!"
"Say something in French." 
"I don't know what to say to that." 
"Well, try saying 'I don't know what to say to that' in French."
"Say something in French." 
"I've got no idea what to say." 
"Just say, then, 'I've got no idea what to say'!"
"Say something in French." 
"Say something like what?" "Anything's fine." 
"Bonjour. Merci. There, I said something." 
"What, you're so boring!" "Didn't you say I could say anything?"
"Say something in French." 
"Something in French."
"Say something in French." 
"What shall I say, then?" "Anything!"
"Say something in your language." 
"What do you want me to say?" "Doesn't matter. Just say anything." 
"Apple tree, apple tree."
"Say something original," groaned Cynthia.
"Say something to her." 
"I don't know what to say."
"Say you're sorry." 
"I won't."
"Say, did God make this country?" "Of course He did," said her companion, rather startled by this unexpected question. "He made the country down in Illinois, and He made the Missouri," the little girl continued. "I guess somebody else made the country in these parts. It's not nearly so well done. They forgot the water and the trees."
"Say, shall we try a questionnaire with the boarding students?" "Ah! One of those things they call 'marketing research'."
"Say, shall we try a questionnaire with the boarding students?" "Ah! One of those things they call ’marketing research’."
"Say, who the people, what the clime and place, / and many a victim's blood thy hallowed shrine shall grace."
"Say, you, the lady over there." 
"Eh?" "Could you give me a bit of advice?"
"Saying one's prayers isn't exactly the same thing as praying," said Anne meditatively.
"Says who?" "Says me, that's who!"
"Says who?" "Says me."
"Scarce stood her image in the camp, when bright / with flickering flames her staring eyeballs glared. / Salt sweat ran down her; thrice, a wondrous sight! / with shield and quivering spear she sprang upright."
"Schmuck" means something very different in German than in Yiddish.
"Science, philosophy, and art are worth nothing on that road. Their light reaches only as far as the door of the grave."
"Scientifically, women can have penises." 
"That's not true."
"Scintillating!" she said, clapping sarcastically after he had finished speaking.
"Se la tirano" can be hard to translate.
"Seas remain / to plough, long years of exile must be thine, / ere thou at length Hesperia's land shalt gain, / where Lydian Tiber glides through many a peopled plain."
"Seaweed" is the common name for countless species of marine plants and algae that grow in the ocean as well as in rivers, lakes, and other water bodies.
"See how dark the clouds have become, and how the trees are tossed," she said, walking towards the window.
"See our Priam! Even here / worth wins her due, and there are tears to flow, / and human hearts to feel for human woe."
"See the value of imagination," said Holmes. "It is the one quality which Gregory lacks."
"See there are the white bees swarming," said Kay's old grandmother one day when it was snowing.
"See yon twelve swans, in jubilant array, / whom late Jove's eagle scattered through the sky; / now these alight, now those the pitch survey."
"See you back at the motel." 
"OK."
"See you in court." 
"See you in hell."
"See you soon," she said.
"See you there?" "There? Where?" "In Algeria."
"See you." 
"Yes, see you later."
"See, on the citadel, all grim with gore, / red-robed, and with the Gorgon shield aglow, / Tritonian Pallas bids the conflict roar."
"Seen my cell phone?" "On the table!"
"Sek" means "yes" in Dothraki.
"Senpai, please treat me to lunch!" "You should stop forever sponging off of me." 
"It's alright isn't it? Didn't you get payment from your part time job yesterday?" "I guess it can't be helped. What do you want to eat?"
"Sensible" in the eyes of most people means that which most people can agree on, and is not linked with making sense, but rather with consensus.
"Sentences?" once more, the shopkeeper was confused by Dima's strange ramblings.
"Sentences?" once more, the shopkeeper was confused by Dima’s strange ramblings.
"Septics" is rhyming slang, meaning "Americans": "septic tank, Yank".
"Serious sport," wrote George Orwell, "is war minus the shooting."
"Seriously?" "I shit you not."
"Seriously?" "Yes, seriously."
"Sex is not a dirty word." 
"But when Yidir says it, it's a dirty word."
"Shall I carry your bags?" "I'm good, thank you."
"Shall I change it?" "Yeah, that'd be better."
"Shall I close the window?" "Yes, please."
"Shall I drive you straight to the airport, Mr Miller?" "No. First to the company, and then over to the Johnsons'."
"Shall I get him to ring you when he gets back?" "Yes, please."
"Shall I get you a pint?" "No, I'd better have mineral water."
"Shall I have him call you when he gets back?" "Yes, please."
"Shall I heat this up?" "No thank you, it's fine."
"Shall I heat your meal?" "Oh, yes please."
"Shall I help?" "No, you don't need to help."
"Shall I leave, Percy?" she asked. He clutched her hand to detain her.
"Shall I light a few candles, love?" "Why? Is there a power cut?" "Who said romance is dead?"
"Shall I make the tea?" "Yeah, you do it. You can do it better than me."
"Shall I make you a cup of coffee?" "No, ta. It's all right if I put some music on, though, innit?"
"Shall I pour some more tea?" "Oh, yes please."
"Shall I ring us a taxi?" "It's a beautiful day. Let's walk."
"Shall I serve you?" "Yes, please."
"Shall I take a message?" "No, thank you."
"Shall I tell you about the time when—" "If it's all the same to you, mate, I'd rather you didn't."
"Shall we change the place?" "Certainly."
"Shall we dance?" "Oh, no. I don't know how to dance."
"Shall we give it a go?" "Of course! What have we got to lose?"
"Shall we go for a glass of wine somewhere?" "I've got to go home. My husband and children are waiting to have their dinner with me."
"Shall we go have a drink?" "Sure, if you want."
"Shall we go to Tom's concert next Saturday?" "We'll see." 
"So you'd rather not?"
"Shall we go to the cinema tonight?" "I can't. I'm busy." 
"What about tomorrow night?" "I'm busy then as well."
"Shall we invite Liz to the party?" "Sure. The more the merrier."
"Shall we meet in that little café in Schiller Street?" "It's closed today." 
"Ah, yeah, it's Tuesday. I think the Rose Garden Café's open, though."
"Shall we order a pizza?" "Do you know what time it is?" "Tom's Tavern is open around the clock."
"Shall we wait till tomorrow?" "All right, but only till midday."
"She asked about you." 
"About me?"
"She asked about you." 
"What did she say?"
"She came to our aid whenever we needed help the most," said Hornback, who now considers the rancher a part of the family.
"She didn't mean it like that." 
"Of course she meant it like that."
"She doesn't have a boyfriend." 
"Oh, so she's lesbian?" "No, she's just single."
"She doesn't have a boyfriend." 
"Oh, so she's single?" "No, she's a lesbian."
"She doesn't like music." 
"And she doesn't like me either."
"She doesn't like music." 
"Nor do I."
"She doesn't love me anymore!" "What?" "It's you who she loves!"
"She doesn’t like music." 
"Nor do I."
"She has a bit of a temper." 
"I've noticed."
"She has a sexy voice." 
"You're talking about my mother here."
"She has to prove that she is a woman." 
"But how?"
"She hates it?" "Yes." 
"I hate it, too."
"She herself hurled the swift lightning bolt of Jupiter from the clouds, scattered the boats, and overturned the seas with the winds; she snatched him in a whirlwind while he was breathing out flames from his pierced chest, and impaled him on a sharp rock."
"She hit me." 
"I did not."
"She invited me over for coffee." 
"Did you go?" "I don't like coffee."
"She is lovely." 
"So she is."
"She kissed Salas." 
"See? She's slutty."
"She kissed me on my lips." 
"You're not gonna die from it, Ziri."
"She knew you loved her." 
"I know."
"She likes music, doesn't she?" "So she does."
"She likes music, doesn’t she?" "So she does."
"She likes music." 
"So do I."
"She lives in Bedfordshire." 
"Who lives in Bedfordshire?"
"She married him." 
"She's the luckiest woman alive."
"She said I'm still too young to hear the story." 
"How bad is this secret if thirteen is too young to know it?"
"She saved my life." 
"How?" "She gave me a kidney."
"She shall the tale repeat / of wars in Italy, thy destined seat, / what toils to shun, what dangers do despise, / and make the triumph of thy quest complete."
"She started it!" "No, you did!"
"She started it." 
"I don't care who started what. Just keep it down."
"She told me she enjoys walking alone than with company". — "Great". — "How so?" — "She told me the exact opposite".
"She was wearing a stripy blouse." 
"Vertical or horizontal stripes?"
"She wears hijab." 
"Is this an issue?"
"She would never judge her own accomplishments, but she has succeeded in achieving what she set out to do in her first year," the source said.
"She'll be able to come home often," comforted Matthew.
"She'll make it. I'm sure." 
"I'm just worried."
"She'll stay in her room until she confesses," said Marilla grimly.
"She's a girl." 
"You mean she's a woman?" "Nope. I mean she's too young."
"She's a screamer." 
"What?" "She screams when she has sex."
"She's a unique person." - "Every person is unique."
"She's all yours. Do whatever you want with her. Rape her, if you want." 
"Shut up, you bastard!"
"She's been really selfish and self-centred," I thought, "whereas, for me, the word 'love' is sacred and deep."
"She's dead." 
"No, it's not possible!"
"She's doing it on purpose." 
"Who's doing what on purpose?"
"She's got a mard on with you." 
"Why?" "You didn't hang the washing out this morning." 
"Oh, I forgot."
"She's not mature enough to have an abortion." 
"But she's mature enough to have a child?"
"She's not only beautiful but also humorous." 
"Can she cook?" "Who cares?"
"She's sick." 
"Who?" "The girl." 
"Which girl?" "Yanni." 
"What do you mean?" "It's a she." 
"Do you mean that Yanni is a girl." 
"Yes."
"She, hurling Jove's winged lightning, stirred the deep / and strewed the ships. Him, from his riven breast / the flames outgasping, with a whirlwind's sweep / she caught and fixed upon a rock's sharp crest."
"Sheela, what do you think is the meaning or purpose of this universe?" "Cassandra, I think there is no meaning or purpose. Like a painting or sculpture, this universe just is." 
"Hmm."
"Sheela, what kind of meditation are you learning at the Thai temple?" "Cassandra, I’m actually learning two kinds: samatha or tranquillity and vipassanā or insight."
"Sheela, what's your religion?" "Cassandra, I'm Dharmic, swinging between Buddhism and Hinduism."
"Sheila decided not to go to Acapulco with Joe." 
"Thank goodness she didn't." 
"Yeah, she'd have been a fool to."
"She’ll make it. I’m sure." 
"I’m just worried."
"Shiitake" is a sort of mushroom.
"Ships that pass in the night, and speak each other in passing, Only a signal shown and a distant voice in the darkness; So on the ocean of life, we pass and speak one another, Only a look and a voice, then darkness again and a silence."
"Shirley, my political stance is for a Multi-world Civilization." 
"Glen, you aim high!"
"Shirley, some speculate that instead of space vessels, it may be teleportation as the way to go into space." 
"Miraculous, Glen."
"Shirley, why do you learn Klingon if you don't believe in space?" "Glen, I just like the sound of it."
"Shit! Why am I farting so much?" said Mary.
"Short tempered as ever." He said while dodging Reika's fist.
"Short tempered as ever." He said while dodging Reika’s fist.
"Shotgun!" "No fair! I want to sit in the front seat this time!"
"Should I be doing something else?" "No. What you're doing is fine."
"Should I call him?" "Yes, I do think you should call him."
"Should I carry you to get across?" "That'd be very nice of you!"
"Should I do that?" "No."
"Should I go to Algeria or Australia to learn French?" "How about France?"
"Should I help you?" "No, I can manage doing this alone."
"Should I kill off characters in my book to make it more exciting?" "What type of book is it?" "An autobiography."
"Should I know her?" I asked. "I don't think so," he replied slowly, while watching carefully for my reaction.
"Should I measure the flour out?" "You can eyeball it if you want."
"Should I tell her?" "I don't know. Should you?"
"Should I tell him?" "I don't know. Should you?"
"Should I write my article about German word formation in German or in English?" "It doesn't matter to me. These days English is more common."
"Should one get pregnant after 35?" "Absolutely not! 35 children are plenty."
"Should we move?" "Definitely not."
"Should we order a takeaway?" "All the delivery services will be closed now." 
"No, 'Tom's Tavern' is still open. Mary always gets herself something from there at night."
"Should we wait until tomorrow?" "All right, but only till noon."
"Shouldn't you be working?" "Actually, I am working."
"Shrek" means "fear" in Yiddish.
"Shuowen Jiezi" was the first Chinese dictionary.
"Shut him up! Shut that nut up!" "You can call me a nut when it's published!"
"Shut the fecking music up and read the book." 
"I see my censor spell still works!"
"Shut up!" shouted the teacher, and there was silence in the classroom.
"Shut up, I'm going to tell the teacher that you called us gluttons." 
"You shut up, I'm going to tell the teacher that your brother runs around all the time."
"Shut up, the lot of you!" he said.
"Shut up," he growled, "and make my dinner".
"Shut up," he whispered.
"Silence please." 
"Shut up."
"Silent Night" was declared an intangible cultural heritage by UNESCO in 2011.
"Similarly, a house cannot arise without a builder, particularly a house adorned with miraculous works of art, wondrous designs, and amazing ornaments. As much art has been put into one of its stones as into a whole palace. No intelligence will accept that it could arise without a builder; definitely it needs a master architect. Moreover, within the building, veritable rooms take shape and change each hour with the utmost order and ease, just as if clothes were being changed, or as if scenes were passing across a cinema screen. We can say even that numerous little rooms are constantly being created in each of those scenes.In like manner, the cosmos also requires an infinitely wise, all-knowing and all-powerful maker."
"Since I can do nothing about Tom, I ignore him as best I can," explained Mary.
"Since I can't do anything about Tom, I ignore him as best I can," explained Mary.
"Since Richard is away today, English class will be self study." 
"Nice!"
"Since then thy name and Ilion's fate are known, / and all the princes of Pelasgia's reign."
"Since when do you have that car?" "I've had it for a long time, I bought it in 1999."
"Since when have you been in London, Tom?" "I've been here since June."
"Since you're here, do you want a cup of tea or anything?" Sam asked flatly. "Oh," chirped Mary, pleasantly surprised at the suggestion. "Don't mind if I do. Milk and two sugars, please."
"Single or return?" "Single, please."
"Sir!" "Yes, madam." 
"That man is stalking me."
"Sir, there's a package for you." 
"Who's the sender?"
"Sir, we've found this and we needed you to name it." 
"Pineapple." 
"But we figured we might just as well call it "ananas" since the majority of the world refers to it as—" "Pineapple." 
"But sir—" "Pine. Apple."
"Sit down, Tom." 
"All right."
"Sit down, please," he said.
"Sit down." 
"Thank you."
"Situation report." 
"At present 4 in sight. At most probably 7. Holding small calibre arms."
"Six pence a second," Bob reminded him.
"Six pence per second," Bob reminds her.
"Sketchy" is a popular slang word.
"Skura decided that the best she could do in life was being a paid playtoy for men." 
"Pardon me?" "Skura decided to be a prostitute."
"Skura has a history of infidelity and Yanni's father could be any number of people." 
"What do you mean?" "I mean that Skura has slept with almost every man in town."
"Skura is a cheating whore." 
"What do you mean?" "I caught her kissing that gym instructor in her car."
"Skura is flirtatious at work." 
"She has always been a slut."
"Skura is pregnant." 
"It's not my baby."
"Skura is rather on the chubby side." 
"I love chubby girls!"
"Skura is such a dated name." 
"Thank you!"
"Skura says she's a boy." 
"We absolutely need to have her mental state assessed."
"Skura wants to be a mom and wants someone to take care of her." 
"Well, then I'm not the one who should take care of her and her bastard child."
"Skura" is a Berber name.
"Skura" is derived from the Berber word "tasekkurt" which means "partridge."
"Skura, I'm Yanni." 
"Sorry, I don't know who you are."
"Skura." 
"Yes, Yanni." 
"I miss you and I want you back."
"Skura." 
"Yes, honey." 
"I told Mom about us."
"Skura." 
"Yes?" "Dad has just died."
"Skura." 
"Yes?" "Dad just passed away."
"Skura?" "Yes. Do I know you?"
"Sky" and "heart" are terms of endearment in Spanish.
"Sleep is a beast one battles every night."
"Sleeping in a dumpster, huh?" Al-Sayib asked. "That must have been a smelly experience."
"Sling your hook!" he shouted, slamming the door shut.
"Small" and "little" are adjectives.
"Small" and "little" are synonyms.
"Small" and "tiny" are adjectives.
"Smalltalk: A White Paper Overview" talks about a programming language that I was involved with in a software workplace on top of Burnaby Mountain.
"Smart mob" is sometimes perceived as a political danger - mostly in the countries lacking in traditions of democracy.
"Smell this bouquet." 
"I don't smell anything."
"Smell this towel." 
"Yuck! Disgusting!"
"Smell this towel." 
"Yuck!"
"Smell this." 
"Yuck! It smells like shit!"
"Smell this." 
"Yuck! It's shit!"
"Smell this." 
"Yuck! What's this shit?"
"Smile." 
"Command not found."
"Smile." 
"No thanks; I'm trying to quit."
"Smile." 
"Please insert bill."
"Smoke weed every day"-themed remixes are very popular around the web.
"Snap, I broke the thermometer..." 
"I think, I'll better get a new one."
"Snitches get stitches." 
"Is that a threat?" "It's a statement of fact."
"So I can go?" "Run."
"So I said to the judge, 'Your mama is guilty of public indecency!'" "No you didn't."
"So can you come?" "I don't really feel like doing anything today." 
"I actually need you to come." 
"If you need me to come, say that next time."
"So did you take your French test?" "No. I don't feel like practicing speaking."
"So haven't we got anything left to eat in the house?" mumbled Tom sulkily. "No. As you can see, there's nothing left. But here you go – here's the shopping list," replied Mary, pressing the list into his hand, his stomach growling like that of a starving wolf as he stood in front of the empty fridge. "Now then, you can go and sit yourself in the car and get yourself down to the shops, can't you?"
"So how do you find Mary?" "She looks rather unusual."
"So how have you guys been?" "Oh, you know... Same old, same old."
"So it's built from stone?" "It's ordinary reinforced concrete."
"So it’s built from stone?" "It’s ordinary reinforced concrete."
"So now to Argos are they gone, to gain / fresh help from heaven, and hither by surprise / shall come once more, remeasuring the main. / Thus Calchas warned them."
"So saying, his mighty spear, with all his force, / full at the flank against the ribs he drave, / and pierced the bellying framework of the horse. / Quivering, it stood; the hollow chambers gave / a groan, that echoed from the womb's dark cave."
"So the master teaches from God's words, but I can't get used to it." 
"Get used to it."
"So then, how far are you?" "We're halfway through." 
"Oh. I thought you'd be almost finished."
"So this" she went on, "is where the receipts are kept."
"So this," she went on, "is where the receipts are kept."
"So what do you think of Mary?" "She has a rather peculiar appearance."
"So what really..." 
"I'll ask the questions here!"
"So where's Tom today?" "Oh, he has an upset stomach."
"So while we are worried about numerous ecosystems around the world, we really need to be putting special attention on our delta systems and the wetlands and all the other ecosystems they support," she added.
"So who were the 25?" Al-Sayib asked. "Friends of yours?"
"So you believe that everyone should do manual labor, no exceptions?" the doctor asked.
"So you didn't like the film?" "No, not one bit!"
"So you know all the letters he wrote you by heart?" "All of them!"
"So you think it was John who stole my wallet?". "I don't know, but I wouldn't put it past him."
"So you think it was John who stole my wallet?". "I don’t know, but I wouldn’t put it past him."
"So you're my cousin, Sami." 
"Yes, and you are?"
"So you're saying that loud sounds can damage your hearing?" "Yeah, and it doesn't have to be something sudden like explosions. My friend Tom has been a DJ for years, and he's thinking about getting hearing aids."
"So you're saying that old man we saw walking hand in hand with her in town the other day wasn't her grandad at all, but was her…?" "That's what it looks like!" "I don't believe it. You're having a laugh!"
"So", I've learned a new "word" in Hungarian.
"So, I'll be teaching the kids English next time, and while I'm really happy, on the other hand, I'm nervous. I wonder if I'll be able to speak it well?" "That's great! Even if you mess up here and there, it'll just be endearing, so it's fine. Be confident, and do your best!"
"So, are you all set for the big day?" "Yeah! I can't believe it will be my first day of high school!" cried Link enthusiastically. "I can't believe it, either," mused the King. "It's as if it was just yesterday. I was just teaching you how to add one and one. Now look at you... My little boy's becoming a man." 
"Huh?" Link said in surprise. "Being in high school makes me a man?" "Yeah, it sure does... Fari, give me my headache wine." 
"Oh boy!"
"So, are you and Tom...?" "Are we what?" "Oh, you know!" "No, I don't know. Spit it out!" "All right then: an item." 
"What? Me and Tom? Leave it out! What makes you think that?"
"So, are you and Tom...?" "Are we what?" "Oh, you know!" "No, I don't know. Spit it out!" "Well, an item." 
"What? Me and Tom? Don't be daft! What makes you think that?"
"So, are you coming?" "Do I have a choice?"
"So, are you enjoying it here?" "No way!"
"So, are you really dating Tom?" "What? Who'd you hear that from?"
"So, are you two going out together then?" "No, we were just dancing together."
"So, did you?" "Did I what?" "Kiss him of course!"
"So, do you agree, Madam Mayor?" stammered the abbot, barely hiding his joy.
"So, do you like Mary?" "What's not to like? She's an amazing woman."
"So, how are we today, Mr Huber?" "How you are, I don't know. As for me, you can see for yourself – bloody awful!"
"So, how was it?" "I'd say you were almost perfect." 
"Phew! That is reassuring."
"So, how's America doing?" "Arkansas just brought back child labor." 
"Holy shit!"
"So, is it good?" "Yes, but I think the portions are too big."
"So, ladies and gentlemen, dinner is served. Who ordered the fried potatoes?" "That would be me."
"So, moved at length to pity by his tears, / we spare him."
"So, said Ethel in a changed voice, you came only for my father." The young man lowered his head, for these words seemed very unfair to him.
"So, tell me. Did you apologise?" "I did." 
"And?" "It didn't make a sodding bit of difference."
"So, that's actually how the whole war started." 
"Seriously? Man, politics is way different than I imagined."
"So, that's what happened to Tom's squirrel?" "Yes, in a nutshell."
"So, the Western part of the Amazonia still continues to work as a carbon sink at this point. But we do not know for how long that will continue this way," Tarasova said.
"So, were you able to read Tom's letter? He writes only in Greek, doesn't he." 
"I got Mary to translate it for me."
"So, what are we, exactly?" "I don't think it needs a label."
"So, what are you doing tonight?" "Nothing in particular."
"So, what did you get for Christmas?" "I got a computer game from my father, a couple of jumpers from my mother, some wooden toys from my grandparents, and from my little sister a picture she painted for me."
"So, what did you think about the movie?" "I thought it was rather long, not to say boring."
"So, what do you like to do in your spare time?" "Oh, I draw and stuff."
"So, what do you think? I did pretty good, huh?" "You did alright."
"So, what happened to Tom?" "He disappeared." 
"Reeeally?"
"So, what kind of story would you like to hear?" "A story featuring a squirrel." 
"All right. I've just thought of one, actually. It's about a squirrel called Tom." 
"Did he have a bushy tail and pointy ears? And did he like eating nuts?"
"So, what were you up to after the final exam?" "We celebrated with some booze, Tom threw up — it was a friggin' awesome party!"
"So, what's Oliver doing?" "No idea. I haven't heard from him for ages."
"So, what's your name?" "I was afraid you'd never ask."
"So, where's the sugar?" "I'm out." 
"I suppose there's no milk, either." 
"Guess." 
"And the cups?" "Just need to be washed up."
"So, who's this grandad you're meeting, then?" "Excuse me, Tom, do you mind? He's only thirty-one!"
"So, who's this grandad you're meeting, then?" "Give over, Tom! He's only thirty-one!"
"So, why not delete Twitter?" "And give up my platform? And give up my reach?"
"So, yesterday I went and met up with that guy I met on the internet." 
"That Tom guy you're always talking about?" "Yeah, that guy." 
"Well, how was it?" "He wasn't as attractive as I had hoped."
"So, you are a railway engineer, and you've been fired from your railroad... Why?" "Because I slapped my boss."
"So, you'll go out with me if I don't have to repeat a year?" "I don't care for 'what if' stories."
"So, you're on holiday?" "Yes, for a week."
"So, you’ll go out with me if I don’t have to repeat a year?" "I don’t care for ’what if’ stories."
"So," said I, "this is where you went during the night."
"So... it was all his fault?" "You've hit the nail on the head!"
"So... what's this one, then?" "It says, "Drink this, then tell me what you've learned." 
"Alright, hang on. ...And here's the bucket. Okay, go ahead." 
"Urk! Ugh, it's got an aftertaste. Eh? Uh oh! Blaaargh!" "Well... I see you didn't barf up the spell..." 
"Ugh... I know she can make these potions palatable... Anything happen?" "Aye. But — truth be told, it's come so far out of left field for me I don't actually have any feelings about it!" "What?" "Have a look at the mirror." 
"...Oh. Wait... What?!" "Pretty much what I was thinking. No one's gonna understand, but here we are. So... what now, alicorn princess? Envy of little girls everywhere?"
"Social justice warrior" (often shortened to SJW) is a pejorative term used on both the left and right to refer to left-wing individuals perceived as promoting or imposing their beliefs in an excessively aggressive manner.
"Socks" is a common name for cats whose fur pattern makes them look like they have socks.
"Sod it! I've left my pen at home on the desk." 
"Do you want to use mine?"
"Sod off!" he shouted, slamming the door shut.
"Soft snares I purpose round the queen to weave, / and wrap her soul in flames, that power malign / shall never change her, but her heart shall cleave / fast to AEneas with a love like mine."
"Software development" isn't "manufacture".
"Software development" isn’t "manufacture".
"Sole hope to vanquished men of safety is despair."
"Solitude vivifies, isolation kills."
"Some corn?" "No, thanks."
"Some peanuts?" "No, thanks."
"Some people think you're a freak." 
"Who knows? Maybe I am."
"Some tea?" "Yes, please. Thank you."
"Some with wonder and dismay / the maid Minerva's fatal gift survey."
"Some" sentences fall into the joke category - but not because it's funny, but because it's so pathetic.
"Somehow watching the evening sunset brings back my childhood memories." 
"Mm, same here."
"Someone can yell at you, maybe he's not your enemy; someone else can help you, without being a friend; when it's cow dung that covers you, you could at least be more discreet." This is what Muḥend-U-Yeḥya (MoḥYa) said, may he rest in peace, in the story he titled "The Bird".
"Someone farted." 
"It wasn't me!"
"Someone farted." 
"It wasn’t me!"
"Someone has stolen my hoodie." - "But it smells so nice!"
"Someone stole my watch yesterday." 
"Tom!" "Why Tom?" "Well, who else could this 'someone' be?"
"Someone that's never gardened before might say, 'I want to know where my food comes from but I don't know how to do it, but I like salads so I'm going to buy the salad kit,' " said MacKugler.
"Someone's coming!" "Indeed. Who could that be?"
"Someone's having a barbecue; I can smell it." 
"Where are you?"
"Something else?" "Nothing."
"Something happy happened today." 
"What was it?" "It's a secret." 
"Huh? Didn't you want me to ask you?" "Yeah."
"Something is off." 
"Why would you say something like that?"
"Something is rotten in my Danish beard," said Tom, itching his mutton chops furiously.
"Something sure smells good," said Tom walking into the kitchen.
"Something sure smells good." 
"It's your mother's couscous."
"Something to drink?" "No, thank you."
"Sometimes I can't quite get what comes over you. I wish I knew that!" "I wish I knew that, too."
"Sometimes I can't understand what comes over you. I'd like to know that." 
"I'd like to know that too..."
"Sometimes it seems, Tom, that we're the only reasonable people over here." 
"You're right, Mary. However sad it is, we're surrounded by idiots alone, and their ring is inexorably tightening."
"Sometimes it's tough being a dad." 
"I know."
"Son, you seem to forget, don't you, that I've got something stronger than a gun..." 
"You mean...?" "That's right, Jiu-jitsu!"
"Soon it will get colder," said Mother Bat. "We will fly south where it is warmer and stay there all winter. This is what it means to migrate. We will travel to a cave where we will meet other bats. This is a wonderful time for us."
"Sorry I couldn't do anything for you." 
"Don't worry about it. You being here for me is more than enough."
"Sorry I'm late." 
"Don't worry. It's not a problem."
"Sorry Tom! I got the munchies and ate all your beetroot." 
"Doesn't matter, Mary. I expected that might happen, so I bought two jars."
"Sorry Tom! I've eaten all your beetroot. I was ravenous." 
"It's all right, Mary. Since I thought that might happen, I bought a second jar."
"Sorry Tom, I accidentally broke your coffee cup." 
"Ah, it's alright. I can use it for something else, so it is no big deal."
"Sorry again for getting a little lost." 
"It's fine, I just got here too."
"Sorry for infodumping." 
"Why? I love infodumping."
"Sorry for infodumping." 
"You don't have to apologize for that."
"Sorry for kissing you. It was just a reflex." 
"Let's make that a habit."
"Sorry for not congratulating you sooner on passing your exam!" "I'm glad to receive any congratulations, however late."
"Sorry if this hurts your feelings, but I'll never call you by a pronoun." 
"You just did."
"Sorry to be so rude, but how old are you?" "I'm 30."
"Sorry we got rained out." 
"I can't believe you made it rain. How could you?"
"Sorry"? There's nothing to apologize for.
"Sorry, I overslept". — "Again? I'm sick of hearing your excuses, Tom". — "Well I'm sorry! Don't you ever happen to oversleep sometimes?" — "No".
"Sorry, I overslept." 
"Again? I'm tired of hearing your excuses." 
"Sorry. Surely there are times where you aren't able to get up, though?" "No."
"Sorry, I'm just fishing for compliments." 
"It's OK to want validation."
"Sorry, I've already forgotten your name." 
"It's Tom."
"Sorry, Tom, you can't castle because my bishop controls the f1 square." 
"Can't you move it somewhere else?"
"Sorry, but I won't go to the party." 
"Why? Is it because of Tom?" "Yes, it is."
"Sorry, did I hurt you?" "Yeah, a little. But it was nice to hear Tom's true feelings."
"Sorry, did I hurt you?" "Yeah, a little. But it was nice to hear your true feelings, Tom."
"Sorry," said Tom with a tear in his eye.
"Sorry. Was that a weird thing to ask?" "No, no. It's not that." 
"Well, how come you won't answer?"
"Sorry." 
"It's alright." 
"I'm really sorry. I don't know what to say."
"Sorry." 
"There's nothing to be sorry about."
"Soul food is just a term that was coined during the Black Power movement of mid-to-late 1960s as a way of identifying a food that represented the heritage of African Americans," Opie says.
"Source?" "Trust me, bro!"
"Spare, O AEneas, spare a wretch, nor shame / thy guiltless hands, but let the dead repose. / From Troy, no alien to thy race, I came. / O, fly this greedy shore, these cruel foes! / Not from the tree – from Polydorus flows / this blood, for I am Polydorus. Here / an iron crop o'erwhelmed me, and uprose / bristling with pointed javelins."
"Speak to me in French too - not just in German!" "No, because once I start, it'll become a habit and then how am I supposed to improve my German?"
"Speak, Queen," he answered, "to obey is mine. / To thee I owe this sceptre and whate'er / of realm is here; thou makest Jove benign, / thou giv'st to rule the storms and sit at feasts divine."
"Speak, father!" once again he cried, "If I may yet be gone!" And but the booming shots replied, And fast the flames rolled on.
"Special forces might do a lot of things that regular troops wouldn't do." 
"Like torture?" "I won't answer that question."
"Sphygmomanometer" is one of my favorite words to try to say out loud.
"Spiders are ugly." 
"Yeah, but not as ugly as Skura."
"Squadala, we're off!" "What does 'squadala' mean?" "Well, I just like to say that with many blessings! Squadala!"
"Squeak", said the mouse.
"Stand and deliver, or else!" threatened the highwayman.
"Stangerson too!" he muttered. "The plot thickens."
"Stay a little longer." 
"No, I have to go home."
"Staying positive" is easier said than done.
"Steffi, will you marry me?" "How much money do you have?"
"Step in here, sir. May I ask if you have met my husband before?" "No, madam, I have not had the honor." 
"Then I apologize to you in advance. I must tell you that he is a perfectly impossible person—absolutely impossible."
"Steve, some think the end of the world is 'nigh', but what do you think?" "Lou, you know there are rapid desertification, vast deforestation, and increasing pollution worldwide, so we can't rule out that scenario!" "Yeah, people are killing our Earth."
"Stick this up your arse!" yelled Tom during the filming of a road rage educational film for high school students.
"Still grieves he for his mother?"
"Still here? Weren't you going in to town?" "We wanted to wait for the postman first, so that he didn't leave the parcel in the stairs or with a neighbour, or take it away with him again."
"Stop agreeing with everything I say!" "You're right. I should stop."
"Stop begging for a cookie, Tim," his mum said, "Remember, 'Children who ask get skipped.'"
"Stop begging for a cookie, Tim," his mum said, "Remember, ’Children who ask get skipped.’"
"Stop being servile, Tom." 
"Okay."
"Stop copying me." 
"Stop copying me."
"Stop crying. You'll ruin your mascara." 
"Don't worry, it's waterproof."
"Stop dehumanizing him. He's not a monster." 
"Humans can be monsters."
"Stop laughing!" said Geppetto angrily; but he might as well have spoken to the wall.
"Stop making so much noise, Tom! I can't sleep." 
"I'm doing the washing up." 
"If you can't do it any quieter, do it later, please!"
"Stop making this strange face when I talk to you. You're making fun of me." 
"It may be strange to you, but it's just my face, sorry."
"Stop repeating everything I say!" "Stop repeating everything I say!"
"Stop screaming at me!" "You're pushing me!" "I hate you!" "I hate you more!" "I hate you, I hate you, I hate you!" "I wish I've never met you!"
"Stop talking about Palestine. You could get blocked or banned." 
"Who cares?"
"Stop talking about Palestine. You could get blocked or banned." 
"Who gives a damn about it?"
"Stop torturing me. What did he say?" "He said yes."
"Stop torturing me. What did she say?" "She said yes."
"Story be damned!" said the Time Traveller. "I want something to eat. I won't say a word until I get some peptone into my arteries. Thanks. And the salt."
"Strange isn't it. By the schedule around now we should have all witnessed an UFO, and united in researching." 
"From 'witnessed' it's never gunna happen."
"Strange isn’t it. By the schedule around now we should have all witnessed an UFO, and united in researching." 
"From ’witnessed’ it’s never gunna happen."
"Strike force to the winds, sink and overwhelm the ships; or drive them apart and scatter their bodies on the sea."
"Stroganoff" has a hilarious near-homophone in the English language.
"Students are asked not to return to campus after Spring Recess and to meet academic requirements remotely until further notice," Harvard said in a statement Tuesday.
"Studying the orbits of these moons can reveal their origins, as well as information about the conditions surrounding Saturn at the time of its formation," Sheppard said in a release from Carnegie on Monday.
"Stupid humans," said the squirrel.
"Stupid questions don't exist." 
"How did Leonardo DiCaprio invent the Mona Lisa if there was no color in the 19th century?" "I take back what I said."
"Styopa, how clever you are! How do you know all this? I haven't told you about it!" "I read it in this encyclopaedia, Professor." 
"Bravo! Well done!"
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm."
"Sue's very angry with you," my new waitress said.
"Sue’s very angry with you," my new waitress said.
"Sugar?" "No, thanks. I don't eat toxic substances."
"Superman" is showing at the movie theater this month.
"Superman" is showing at the movie theatre this month.
"Superman" will come out this month in movie theaters.
"Sure you are," she retorted.
"Sure, because she knows you're gluttons." 
"How are we gluttons?" "Maybe because you devour at one meal what had been meant for three."
"Surely I met you in Plymouth at a garden-party some little time ago, Mrs. Straker?" said Holmes. "No, sir; you are mistaken." 
"Dear me! Why, I could have sworn to it. You wore a costume of dove-coloured silk with ostrich-feather trimming." 
"I never had such a dress, sir," answered the lady.
"Surely from them the rolling years should see / new sons of ancient Teucer rise again, / the Romans, rulers of the land and sea. / So swar'st thou; Father, say, why changed is thy decree?"
"Surely, you can't be serious?" "I am serious, and don't call me Shirley."
"Surely," Dima grinned. "You must be joking!"
"Susan got sick from Tom's horrible beef stew. But now I find out that she's carrying his twins!" said Mary to her mother over the phone.
"Sustainable Happiness" melds the insights of psychiatry and neuroscience with meditation and other Buddhist spiritual disciplines.
"Swear on the Bible," he demanded.
"Sweets" as Sami likes to call them.
"Switzerland is small." 
"Austria's small, too."
"Sychaeus was her lord, in happier time / the richest of Phoenicians far and wide / in land, and worshipped by his hapless bride. / Her, in the bloom of maidenhood, her sire / had given him, and with virgin rites allied."
"T" stands for Tom and "M" stands for Mary.
"Taiwan should be Chinese." 
"Taiwan is Chinese!"
"Takatukaland" is a nice mnemonic for a five-four time signature: Takatukalantakatukalantakatukaland...
"Take a belt and discipline Sami." 
"Pardon?" "I said take a belt and discipline your son." 
"I don't discipline my children with a belt."
"Take a look at this." 
"Eh?" "There's an impact mark on the right-hand side of the bumper."
"Take a look at this." 
"Eh?" "There’s an impact mark on the right-hand side of the bumper."
"Take a seat, and try one of these cigars," he said.
"Take all the land you want", said the Aborigine chief. "Oh no," said the English general, "we will take just an island." 
"And which island?" asked the Aborigine chief. "Just the island of Australia," replied the English general.
"Take all the land you want. There will always be enough land for both white and Native American people," said the Indian chief. "Really? So we want all the land from the Arctic Ocean to the Antarctic Ocean," said the general.
"Take all the money." 
"But why?" "Because I love you, silly!"
"Take care that you don't move an inch from this spot." 
"I won't, assuming that you come back in time, otherwise I will not be waiting when you return."
"Take care! See you at school tomorrow!" "Can't be helped, I'm afraid."
"Take care." 
"See you."
"Take good care of my handbag, Tom!" "I'll guard it with my life, Mary!"
"Take it or leave it, Ziri." 
"It's take it." 
"OK."
"Take it, please, but where will you get it from in order to return it so soon?" "After supper I will go home, and ask my mother." 
"What if she won't give it to you?" "She won't delay when I show her the book."
"Take me to my mom." 
"The car has just broken down." 
"You've got to be kidding me. Call a cab, then." 
"Come on, Skura." 
"I'm not spending one more night in this house. Call a cab!"
"Take my book and copy it out." 
"You are not ignorant that I write slowly, and you would copy the whole thing quicker than I would do four or five verses."
"Take my things." 
"Keep them." 
"But I want you to have them."
"Take pathetic and times it by five billion. That's how pathetic I was," said Tom.
"Take that off." 
"This is my bra."
"Take the child away into the forest; I never want to see her again. Kill her, and bring me back this handkerchief soaked in her blood as proof."
"Take these two then. When will you repay me?" "Saturday, I hope, when my father comes to the market." 
"Keep it in mind then." 
"Don't worry."
"Take this dollar." 
"Is it a real dollar?"
"Take this money." 
"Why?" "Because I love you, idiot!"
"Take this." 
"What is it?" "It's some olive oil from Kabylie."
"Take thou his likeness, only for a night, / and wear the boyish features that are thine; / and when the queen, in rapture of delight, / amid the royal banquet and the wine, / shall lock thee in her arms, and press her lips to thine, / then steal into her bosom, and inspire / through all her veins with unsuspected sleight / the poisoned sting of passion and desire."
"Take we the Danaans' bucklers; with a foe / who asks, if craft or courage guide the blow? / Themselves shall arm us."
"Take your money and shove it! I'm not for sale."
"Talking about 108, that's the number of worldly passions." 
"What worldly passions have you got then?" "I could say, but it'll get censored out."
"Talking about 108, that’s the number of worldly passions." 
"What worldly passions have you got then?" "I could say, but it’ll get censored out."
"Tall and great, / with huge oak-timbers mounting to the skies, / they build the monster, lest it pass the gate, / and like Palladium stand, the bulwark of the State."
"Talwit" means peace in Berber.
"Taming Javascript 2.0," is this for a paperweight?
"Tanemmirt" is Berber for "thank you." It can be found in various Berber dialects from Libya to Morocco but not in the Kabyle dialect which uses an Arabic word for "thank you."
"Tanemmirt" is definitely not Kabyle. In the Kabyle dialect you'd say "ṣaḥḥa" which is borrowed from Arabic. "Tanemmirt" is Berber for "thank you."
"Tanemmirt" means "thank you" in Berber.
"Tanemmirt" means "thanks" in Berber.
"Tanemmirt," that means "thank you" in Berber.
"Tatoeba is barely being used today because the weather is so nice," said Tom. "That doesn't make any sense," answered Maria. "After all, the weather in the various regions of the world varies widely."
"Tatoeba is not a Japanese girl name." 
"Then, it's your Japanese girlfriend's nickname."
"Tatoeba" in Japanese means "for example".
"Tatoeba" means "for example" in Japanese.
"Taxi, follow that car!" "I can't, it's illegal."
"Tayri" is a Berber word and it means "love."
"Tayri" means "love" in Berber.
"Tea, Earl Grey, hot!" Captain Picard commands the "replicator" on a starship. Then a cup of tea as ordered appears in the machine. In a way, AI-generated art as I experience it is like this way. The teacup could appear in various designs at the whim of the AI.
"Teacher, have you read this book?" "Of course."
"Teacher, would you punish me for something I didn't do?" "No." 
"I didn't do my homework."
"Teenage discontentment" is redundant.
"Tell him 'Hello' from me, too." 
"Okay, I will."
"Tell me 'I love you' in French." 
"Je t'aime." 
"Thank you, I love you too."
"Tell me about something you're interested in." 
"The Berber language."
"Tell me everything, then," said I. "I cannot, Jack, I cannot," she cried.
"Tell me what you think of my abstract art, and please don't pull any punches." 
"It's absolutely wretched. A five-year old could paint a better picture wearing a blindfold." 
"Hey!" "Well you're the one who wanted total honesty. . ."
"Tell me what you want and I will give it to you," said Alexander the Great to Diogenes. "I don't need anything," the sage responded, "but if you want to make me happy, stop blocking my sunlight."
"Tell me why you are so sad." 
"It's personal."
"Tell me, Anna, how come you speak Kazakh?" "It's my native language." 
"I'm flabbergasted. How can it be your native language? You speak perfectly normal German like everyone here, without any accent." 
"Well, I grew up in Germany, but at home we usually speak Kazakh."
"Tell me, Future Boy, who's President of the United States in 1985?" - "Ronald Reagan". - "Ronald Reagan? The actor? Then who's vice-president, Jerry Lewis?"
"Tell me, Mary: doesn't the clicking and clacking of your heels bother you?" "No, not at all. Completely the opposite: I love it!" "Well, it would bother me."
"Tell me, Tom. What are you sad about?" "El mundo entero."
"Tell me, aren't you hungry?" "Yes, of course, and thirsty too."
"Tell me, at least, what kind of hair did she have? What was her hairdo like?" "I wasn't paying attention."
"Tell me, little boy, what are you doing there?" "Can't you see? I'm crying."
"Tell me, please, are there any blue cats left?" "There are no blue cats left. There are only red ones left."
"Tell me, then," said the Irishman, "what is the spell that has been laid on you, and how you can be freed from it."
"Tell me, why do you always have to be different?" "I've never done what everyone else does."
"Tell me," she says, "thy wanderings; stranger, come, / thy friends' mishaps and Danaan wiles proclaim; / for seven long summers now have seen thee roam / o'er every land and sea, far from thy native home."
"Telly" is short for "television."
"Ten bucks." 
"How about five?"
"Ten days the seer, as shrinking to reply / or name a victim, did the doom withhold."
"Ten to one" means 12.50 a.m. or 12.50 p.m.
"Ten years ago we would have associated real estate equity with life stability, whereas the two are not necessarily interrelated nowadays," Ciuntu said.
"Thank God it happened." 
"What happened?" "My conversion to Islam."
"Thank you for being with us." 
"It's an honor."
"Thank you for biting me," I told my cat.
"Thank you for clawing me," Taninna told her cat.
"Thank you for everything." 
"You're welcome."
"Thank you for helping me." 
"Don't mention it."
"Thank you for helping me." 
"Don’t mention it."
"Thank you for ringing. Goodbye!" "Goodbye!"
"Thank you for the information." 
"You're welcome!"
"Thank you for the nice compliment," she said, pleased.
"Thank you for your help". "No problem".
"Thank you for your help." 
"Don't mention it."
"Thank you for your help." 
"It's my pleasure."
"Thank you for your help." 
"It’s my pleasure."
"Thank you for your help." 
"No problem."
"Thank you for your help." 
"No worries."
"Thank you for your help." 
"You're welcome."
"Thank you so much! You're so nice." 
"It's no problem."
"Thank you very much for everything." 
"You are welcome."
"Thank you very much!" "You're welcome."
"Thank you very much!" - "No problem."
"Thank you very much", she said with a smile.
"Thank you very much," she said with a smile.
"Thank you very much." 
"You're very welcome."
"Thank you! You've helped me a lot!" "A pleasure as always."
"Thank you!" "It was my pleasure."
"Thank you!" "No, thank you!"
"Thank you!" "Oh, I should be thanking you!"
"Thank you!" "You're welcome!"
"Thank you!" "You're welcome, ma'am!"
"Thank you!" "You're welcome, miss!"
"Thank you!" "You're welcome."
"Thank you, I'd love to have another piece of cake," said the shy young man.
"Thank you, I’d love to have another piece of cake," said the shy young man.
"Thank you." 
"Don’t think anything of it."
"Thank you." 
"Glad I could be of help."
"Thank you." 
"It was a pleasure."
"Thank you." 
"It's always a pleasure."
"Thank you." 
"My pleasure."
"Thank you." 
"No, I should be the one thanking you."
"Thank you." 
"No, thank you."
"Thank you." 
"Sure. You're welcome."
"Thank you." 
"You're very welcome."
"Thank you." 
"You're welcome."
"Thank you." 
"You’re welcome."
"Thank you; give your father my greetings when he returns." 
"I'll do that; take care." 
"You take care as well."
"Thanks a lot for getting my bike back on the road!" "Well, it wasn't me, but I'll pass your thanks on to Tom."
"Thanks a lot for letting me play with your Xbox." 
"No problem dude, knock yourself out."
"Thanks a lot for your help." 
"Have a nice day."
"Thanks a lot!" "My pleasure!"
"Thanks a lot" said he with a smile.
"Thanks a million!" "What are friends for?"
"Thanks for everything." 
"You're welcome."
"Thanks for repairing it." 
"There was nothing to it."
"Thanks for the advice on fixing toilet clogs, Tom. You seem to have a lot of experience in clogging up toilets," said Mary.
"Thanks for the help." 
"Don't mention it."
"Thanks for the help." 
"Don’t mention it."
"Thanks for tolerating me." 
"There's nothing to tolerate; we're better for having you here."
"Thanks for your help." 
"Don't mention it. It was my pleasure."
"Thanks for your help." 
"Don't mention it."
"Thanks for your help." 
"It was nothing."
"Thanks for your help." 
"It's nothing."
"Thanks for your help." 
"It's the least I can do."
"Thanks for your help." 
"No problem."
"Thanks for your help." 
"You're welcome."
"Thanks very much for your help." 
"Pleasure."
"Thanks!" "You'll work it off."
"Thanks, Tom! I owe you one." 
"Don't mention it."
"Thanks, guys." 
"Don't mention it."
"Thanks," Dima said as he dialed the number.
"Thanks." 
"For what?" "For everything."
"Thanks." 
"My pleasure."
"Thanks." 
"No, thank YOU!"
"Thanks." 
"What for?" "For everything."
"Thanks." 
"You're welcome."
"Thanks." 
"You’re welcome."
"That I know," said Maria with half-closed eyes.
"That ain't my style," said Casey.
"That bike's a total rust bucket. Why didn't Tom just buy a new one?" "He said he couldn't afford it."
"That bike's full of rust. Why didn't Tom just buy a new one?" "He said he couldn't afford it."
"That bitch cheated on me." 
"That shit's fucked up, man."
"That bitch kicked me in the balls." 
"You deserved it."
"That bloke is an absolute chancer," said Mary.
"That bread roll looks rather nice. What's in it?" "Salami, cucumber, lettuce and egg. It was also rather expensive. It cost €2.50."
"That can happen occasionally." 
"Occasionally? It happens all the time!"
"That cloud looks a bit like a squirrel." 
"Every cloud looks like a squirrel to you, Tom."
"That doesn't happen much, does it?" "Actually, it happens quite often."
"That doesn't seem fair." 
"It sure doesn't."
"That fountain is well ugly." 
"Oh, do you think so? It was designed by a famous artist."
"That guy was totally hitting on you." 
"What? Really?"
"That internet project is a waste of time. Stop it and do something useful." 
"No way! I enjoy it and it helps both myself and others. So I find it very useful."
"That is an indiscrete question." - "There are no indiscrete questions, only indiscrete answers."
"That is enough for me." 
"But when will you give it me back?"
"That jumper's got a hole in the arm. I can't let you go anywhere in that." 
"Where's there a hole?" "There!" "Oh, no one'll see that." 
"You're not leaving my house looking like that. End of!"
"That language sounds terrible." 
"No, that guy just has an ugly voice. If you listen to this other guy speaking it, you'll see it sounds quite beautiful." 
"You're right. It does sound lovely."
"That looks like a nasty rash." 
"I got it from a caterpillar."
"That makes it as clear as crystal," said the inspector.
"That man is staring at you." 
"That man knows style when he sees it."
"That mannequin is creeping me out."
"That might be true," he replied.
"That much meat isn't good for you." 
"That much meat is good for me."
"That old geezer Tom never lets me have any fun!" Sammy cried.
"That person is transgender." 
"What do you mean?" "That person was born a woman."
"That roll looks quite nice. What's in it?" "Salami, cucumber, lettuce and egg. It was quite dear, as well. It cost €2.50."
"That sentence is a bit strange." 
"But I heard a native speaker say it."
"That settles it," said Tom and left.
"That shan't happen again," Fortunatus said to himself, and they started to ride at each other again. This time, Fortunatus's spear met his foe so powerfully that he flew from his horse like a ball and lay dead on the earth.
"That shan’t happen again," Fortunatus said to himself, and they started to ride at each other again. This time, Fortunatus’s spear met his foe so powerfully that he flew from his horse like a ball and lay dead on the earth.
"That sounds like a threat." 
"I wanted it to come across like a threat."
"That story was so funny I literally died from laughter." 
"Then how come you're talking to me now?" "Of course, I didn't actually die, it was just a figure of speech." 
"So you're saying you used 'literally' in a figurative way." 
"Apparently. Got a problem with that?" "No, just finding it amusing that language can twist to the point that a word comes to mean its own opposite."
"That was a bad joke." 
"Well, they can't all be winners."
"That was a holy and laudable service; if only everyone studied the word of God in this way. But what, did you do nothing else?" "As often as necessary, I attended her with the maid."
"That was a strange dream." 
"What happened?"
"That was a terrible miss!" cried the commentators.
"That was disconcerting." 
"Yeah? Do you believe it was?" "It was impressive."
"That was quick!" gasped Mary, as Tom sailed back through the door in no time at all with the bagful of bread rolls as requested. "Did you fly to the baker's?"
"That was such a bad movie, right?" "Yeah. I feel like asking for my money back!"
"That was your fault." 
"I admit it, but in the meantime tell me if you know who has taken it."
"That word consoled me, weighing fate with fate, / for Troy's sad fall. Now Fortune, as before, / pursues the woe-worn victims of her hate. / O when, great Monarch, shall their toil be o'er?"
"That would be cheating." 
"Who cares?"
"That'll be thirteen dollars." The cashier had rounded up to the nearest dollar. Odd, but who cared? It was all Tom could do to keep his arm from shaking as he slammed a crumpled $20 bill on the countertop and grabbed his stuff, not even bothering to pick up the change. "Come again," the cashier recited. "The hell I will," Tom grumbled under his breath as he speed-walked to his car, relieved that was over, still trying to figure out how to free himself from John’s grasp.
"That'll work!" – "No, Tom, believe me: That'll go pear-shaped!"
"That's Anna's car in front of the house, isn't it?" "Yep, and with any luck, it'll still be there in the morning." 
"Seems it won't be. It's now driving off!"
"That's Barry's pond," said Matthew.
"That's Clara from Doctor Who, isn't it?" "No, it's the actress who plays Clara." 
"That's what I meant."
"That's Tom Jackson." 
"The Tom Jackson?"
"That's a Christmas present for you, Anne," said Matthew shyly.
"That's a big puppy." 
"He's a Boxer."
"That's a huge shrimp," said Tom.
"That's a lot of pages!" "It's a lot of ads."
"That's a pretty girl," I remarked.
"That's a small clock!" "Well, it's got to fit in the hand luggage."
"That's a tautology." 
"No it's not. It's a paradox."
"That's a whole lot of whipped cream." 
"What do you mean? That's my breakfast."
"That's a woman's job," said Tom.
"That's all for now, people. Go and have fun: chat, mingle, schmooze!"
"That's amazing!" "Nice! I got praised. I'm so happy."
"That's an apple? I don't think so." 
"What is it, then?" "A picture of an apple."
"That's an unusual hobby she's got, the transfer student." 
"She's cute so it's fine with me."
"That's awesome!" "You think so?"
"That's cheap. I'll take ten yards," the girl answered.
"That's cheaper than a new hat," Susan answers.
"That's clear evidence of guilt," said Tom. "Finally," replied Maria.
"That's clear evidence of guilt," said Tom. "Not necessarily," replied Maria.
"That's dangerous, I'll clear it up." 
"It's OK ... Ouch!" "Look, didn't I tell you so?"
"That's decent of you," he replied, "but an interoffice memo would have served just as well as a personal visit."
"That's definitely something that interests me!" "Mhm, me too."
"That's definitely something that interests me!" "Yeah, me too."
"That's definitely something that interests me!" "Yes, me too."
"That's disco. Who still listens to this shit?" "My dad."
"That's enough for now," said Mary, clapping the book shut. "I'll read you the rest tomorrow night." 
"But I want to know what happens!" protested her young son Tom.
"That's enough!" said the teacher.
"That's exactly what I'm looking for!" he cried.
"That's fine," replied the girl. "I'll take ten yards."
"That's from the Bible?" "Where in the Bible?"
"That's funny," said Tom. "I could've sworn I just heard the clock strike thirteen."
"That's funny. Weren't we just here?" "We were. And now we're here again. Weird!"
"That's genocide!" "You call it genocide, I call it preemptive neutralization of undesirable elements. Tomayto, tomahto."
"That's impossible!" said Reason. "That's insane!" noted Experience. "That's pointless!" cut Pride. "Take a try..." whispered Dream. "Fuck it all" replied Laziness.
"That's impossible." 
"I must disagree with you. It's very much possible."
"That's my apple you're washing." 
"How is it yours? I don't see a name on it."
"That's nice! Can I buy it?" asked a customer, referring to a vase. "It's not for sale, unfortunately," the shop assistant replied, smiling.
"That's not canon!" "I don't care! It's my fanon!"
"That's not how it works!" "That's exactly how it works."
"That's not how the world works." 
"Why can't it?"
"That's not in the script." 
"Improvise."
"That's not my credit card." 
"Then whose is it?" "I don't know. Someone else's."
"That's not my problem," Ziri spat back.
"That's not so!" "It certainly is so."
"That's not the problem." 
"Then what's wrong?"
"That's not true. Who said that?" "Tom."
"That's not true." 
"I know; I was lying."
"That's nuts," said Tom.
"That's nuts," said the squirrel.
"That's pretty much a cookie-cutter RPG." 
"An RPG where you cut cookies? How silly is that?"
"That's right", said John.
"That's stupid." 
"It's sad, more than anything."
"That's the house where I grew up." 
"There in that copse?" "Yeah. It used to be 'my woods'. I always used to play in it."
"That's the new head of the student council?" "Cool, isn't he?" "Rather, pretty boy?"
"That's the one problem," he said angrily.
"That's the only problem," he said angrily.
"That's true," said John.
"That's very nice of you," Willie answered.
"That's weird, isn't it?" "Yeah, it's a little weird."
"That's what grandmas are for." 
"No, grandmas are for pwning noobs."
"That's what you were thinking, right?" "No, not at all!"
"That's when I was like, 'Oh, this is awesome,'" she said.
"That's why I've come late." 
"I see."
"That's why I've come later." 
"I see."
"That's you, isn't it?" "Not this time."
"That's your first time winning a championship, right? Congratulations." 
"Thank you."
"That’s an unusual hobby she’s got, the transfer student." 
"She’s cute so it’s fine with me."
"That’s cheap. I’ll take ten yards," the girl answered.
"That’s cheaper than a new hat," Susan answers.
"That’s dangerous, I’ll clear it up." 
"It’s OK ... Ouch!" "Look, didn’t I tell you so?"
"That’s fine," replied the girl. "I’ll take ten yards."
"That’s right", said John.
"That’s right. At the least I wish they’d add one to the first floor as well ... Wait a mo! Why are you here!?" "’Why’ is obvious isn’t it? It’s so we can go to the toilet together."
"That’s the new head of the student council?" "Cool, isn’t he?" "Rather, pretty boy?"
"That’s the one problem," he said angrily.
"That’s the only problem," he said angrily.
"That’s very nice of you," Willie answered.
"That’s what Tati is — you never know what you’re going to find,” she said.
"The Aristocrats" is one of the world's bluest jokes.
"The Aristocrats" is one of the world’s bluest jokes.
"The Book of Revelation says there is a 'synagogue of Satan' who claims to be Jewish but isn't." 
"And why should a Jew care what the Book of Revelation says? It wasn't the first work of anti-Jewish propaganda."
"The CIA is spying on me." 
"Correct. Who else?" "The FBI." 
"And who else?" "The NSA." 
"Who else? Think outside the box." 
"The GRU?" "Yes, good, but what about non-governmental?" "Thousands of corporations are spying on me." 
"Good. You understand."
"The Castle of Otranto" is the first gothic novel in English, and it set the standards of the whole genre.
"The Crow and the Fox" is one of the most famous of La Fontaine's fables.
"The Door of Languages Unlocked" is the title of a 1629 schoolbook written by Comenius.
"The Dow is up." 
"I don't care about stonks."
"The European Union disapproves of the fact that the U.S. decision to impose a travel ban was taken unilaterally and without consultation", the statement said.
"The European model of sport is supposed to be … a model where the whole football pyramid is linked together, so the top of the pyramid has a duty of care for the bottom of the pyramid," Garcia of Loughborough University said.
"The French language flows." 
"Yes, like diarrhea flows."
"The Garden of the Nymph" is a famous painting by Maria Palette.
"The German language can barely describe the devastation that's taken place,” Merkel said as the death toll reached 184 across Europe, including 157 in Germany.
"The Gettysburg Address" is a concise speech.
"The Green Starman" is an original film in Esperanto about an alien who visits a married couple on Earth and takes them back to his planet.
"The Hebrew letter Bet can make the sound of either B or V, because in Biblical Hebrew, ungeminated plosives underwent spirantization after vowels." 
"English, please."
"The Internet was so innocent back then, wasn't it?" "No, it wasn't."
"The Invisible Guest" is a good movie.
"The Invisible Guest" is called "Contratiempo" in Spanish.
"The Invisible Guest" is called "Inebgi Uffir" in Berber.
"The Invisible Guest" is called "L'Accusé" in French.
"The Invisible Guest" is called "The Invisible Guest" in English.
"The Invisible Guest" is my favorite Spanish movie.
"The Invisible Guest" is my favorite movie.
"The Jucklins" is an 1896 novel by Opie Read. It was a bestseller at that time.
"The Korean Peninsula needs to be denuclearized." 
"The whole world needs to be denuclearized."
"The Little Mermaid" is the title of a Danish fairy tale.
"The Little Prince" by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry has been translated from French into many languages.
"The Mirabeau Bridge" is a very beautiful poem by Guillaume Apollinaire.
"The New Testament" is the second part of the Bible.
"The Nightingale Samurai" is a samurai tale full of humanity and humour.
"The Old Man and the Sea" is a novel by Hemingway.
"The Old Testament" is the first part of the Bible.
"The Parisian police," he said, "are exceedingly able in their way. They are persevering, ingenious, cunning, and thoroughly versed in the knowledge which their duties seem chiefly to demand."
"The Princess," said she, "is going to be married to-night against her will, for she has been expecting every day that the man who freed her from the spell would come."
"The Queen's Gambit" is the title of a recent series. Its main character, Beth Harmon, is a little orphan who becomes an exceptional chess player.
"The Quran is not true." 
"Have you ever read it?" "No." 
"How can you challenge its authenticity without reading it?"
"The RV is gone." 
"What do you mean?" "It's gone. It's not where you parked it. I think it's been stolen." 
"No shit!" "Come and see for yourself."
"The Romans believed they dominated because they worshipped Jupiter better than any other nation." 
"How superstitious." 
"Well, things have certainly gone downhill for them ever since they stopped, haven't they?" "That's also superstitious."
"The Scots say no to a separation from Great Britain." This is the result of a poll from the voting day.
"The Simpsons" is a popular TV show.
"The Simpsons" is one of my favourite TV shows.
"The Thinker" is a well-known Rodin sculpture.
"The U.S. Civil War was not about slavery, but about states' rights." 
"States' rights to do what?"
"The Vikram lander descent was (ongoing) as planned and normal performance was observed," chairman of India's Space Research, Organization, K. Sivan, said in a brief announcement.
"The Wanderer" is a book written by Fritz Leiber in 1963.
"The Wind Rises" is Hayao Miyazaki's last film.
"The Yellow House" is one of the best books I've read in a long time.
"The accused" is a legal term.
"The afterlife is like nothing what religion tells you." 
"What do you mean?"
"The animal I saw was bigger than a jackal and definitely not a dog." 
"It was probably a hyena."
"The answer's a lemon." 
"Why?" "Suck it and see."
"The atheist," they called him; "the little atheist."
"The average price per pound of ocean fish is $6 a pound (or about $13 per kilogram) whole. This is looking at 12 to 20 cents (per pound, or about 26 to 40 cents per kilogram). So this is so affordable," he said.
"The band have reformed." 
"Oh, God, no."
"The band is called the HU." 
"The what?"
"The banks and the financial system are in strong shape, and we are here to help,” the Citigroup CEO said.
"The base ingredient in Coca-Cola is the kola nut that's indigenous to Africa," says Frederick Opie, professor of history and foodways at Babson College in Wellesley, Massachusetts.
"The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago," the enthusiastic planters were told by Stavros Lambrinidis, ambassador of the European Union (EU) to the United States, as they gathered in a sunny corner of Washington's Rock Creek Park. "The second best time is now."
"The birds are singing! Isn't it beautiful?" "NO!"
"The black experience is not just one of trauma," James said. "It's one of pride, strength and joy."
"The blundering fool!" Holmes said, bitterly, as we drove back to our lodgings. "Just to think of his having such an incomparable bit of good luck, and not taking advantage of it."
"The boys we were would have enjoyed this", he said melancholically.
"The boys went downtown." 
"Is that where Tom is?"
"The business is very expensive," she told VOA one recent morning, as she churned a large pot of maize porridge, stopping to wipe sweat off her brow.
"The butter's rock hard. You can't spread the breakfast rolls with that!" "I should've taken it out of the fridge earlier."
"The cake's in the kitchen." 
"Not any more." 
"Where is it, then?" Tom rubbed his tummy, grinning.
"The canteen was empty." 
"Empty? No one there at all?" "Not a soul."
"The cap's got to be somewhere. It can't have just vanished into thin air." 
"Right, now we'll look for it systematically, starting from where you last had it on your head."
"The car, Ziri." 
"Yeah. What about it?"
"The castle is haunted," he said with a shiver.
"The chief executive is expecting you." 
"What for?" "I don't know."
"The citizens of Cambridge accept us today not as merchants who bring them profit but as apostles of the world-citizenship idea, which they understand and appreciate."
"The city lieth yonder," and he pointed over his shoulder toward the smoking mountains.
"The clocks go back next Sunday." 
"Changing the clocks again? Oh no, when are they finally going to do away with that lark?"
"The clouds look like cotton wool." 
"I think that they look more like cotton candy."
"The collar is slippery with dog saliva." 
"Yuck!"
"The colonization of space may take generations, Shirley." 
"You have patience, Glen."
"The current recommendations are for 30 minutes or more of moderate aerobic activity, such as brisk walking on most, preferably all days of the week," said Mihaela Tanasescu.
"The dangers of alcohol drinking, especially amongst the younger population, have been widely underestimated and excessive alcohol drinking is socially relatively well tolerated," Relvas said.
"The day pulls to a close" is a barbarism, possibly entirely opaque if you fail to recognize it as a translation of "The day draws to a close."
"The decision's been taken. They're going to clear the wood and build a shopping centre there. There's nothing we can do about it now." 
"Of course there's something we can do. We just have to want to."
"The director general is expecting you." 
"Why's that?" "I don't know."
"The door was locked at four." 
"Yanni's house, Yanni's rules."
"The economy has opened up a faultline in the Atlantic," announces La Stampa, reporting on the impact of recent remarks by Barack Obama which imply that the poor management of the Eurozone crisis is to blame for the feeble outlook for growth in the US.
"The eighth month of the year is July, right?" "No, it's August, my favorite month."
"The elder son of my aunt moved to Austria to the capital city." 
"Your cousin Pete to Sydney?"
"The end of the world is not about to happen", said Livy.
"The end of the world is not about to happen", said Titus Livus.
"The end of the world is not for tomorrow", said Livy.
"The evil forces are attacking! I'm going to need all your strength. Give it to me!" "Ah, I–I don't know... I can try to fight them without..." 
"Yes! This power is what I strive for!"
"The exam is at the weekend." 
"What?" "I know. Saturday morning."
"The exam will be held this day week," said the teacher.
"The examination will be held this day next week," said the teacher.
"The fans are nervous. Pundits are saying that relegation is on the cards. Do you think you'll go down this year?" "No. No, not at all. We'll be fine. I'm the manager of this club and, I'm telling you now, we'll be fighting tooth and nail to turn things round."
"The farts of cows are dangerous for the atmosphere." 
"Who told you that crazy bullshit, you brainwashed idiot?"
"The fashion world is a bubble,'' said Ettedgui. "They don't necessarily take kindly to outsiders coming in and revealing their secrets.''
"The fatal day was come; the priests prepare / the salted meal, the fillets for may hair."
"The first time I saw Tom," remembered Mary with a laugh, "he was wearing a red tie tied in a knot as big as your fist, and I thought: he surely can't be married, because no woman would let him go round looking like that."
"The floor is dirty!" the shopkeeper reprimanded him. "You haven't even paid for the suit yet, and you're already getting it dirty!"
"The floor is dirty!" the shopkeeper reprimanded him. "You haven’t even paid for the suit yet, and you’re already getting it dirty!"
"The flowers are beautiful." 
"You're beautiful."
"The fun of it is," he cried, "that that fool Lestrade, who thinks himself so smart, has gone off upon the wrong track altogether. He is after the secretary Stangerson, who had no more to do with the crime than the babe unborn."
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams."
"The game is over." 
"Says who?" "Says me."
"The game is over." 
"Says you!"
"The game's afoot" is Holmes's laconic call to action.
"The gazelle was almost as big as a horse." 
"That was an oryx."
"The girl belongs to the holy Temple, he has said; she will never return to the world; they will never meet again; I am here with him; I see him every day. Yes! I will tend him, love him, and give up my life to him."
"The girl is no fairy!" "You don't say?"
"The girl sitting across from us just now, don't you think she's super cute?" "I knew you'd say that."
"The gods, if gods the good and just regard, / and thy own conscience, that approves the right, / grant thee due guerdon and a fit reward."
"The good die young" is an old saying which may or may not be true.
"The good news first or the bad news?" "The good news first."
"The governor is dying," were the first words he said.
"The guests will be here in an hour. How am I supposed to be ready by then?" "You'll manage!"
"The inevitable cannot be avoided. It's inescapable." 
"I get it, Tom."
"The inhabitants of Earth are so primitive and violent, they seem to be on the point of blowing themselves up. Should we save them?" "Nah."
"The innocence of the province cannot be let go of. We cannot allow a tragedy as deep and as painful and as hard as this determine what our communities are going to be like," said Nova Scotia Premier McNeil.
"The kennel will be serving a turkey dinner on Thursday; does Cookie prefer white meat or dark meat?" "I don't think he really cares." 
"It's your choice." 
"Whatever... dark meat."
"The key for figuring out what a crocodile is eating is the shape of its snout and, even more importantly, the shape of its teeth," he says.
"The key is in the lock," the man added.
"The key," he added, "is in the lock".
"The key," he added, "is in the lock."
"The king was advised that torture was the surest way to discover the location of the enemy forces. Nevertheless, he was reluctant to resort to such a method." 
"Yes, because we all know how squeamish people (especially kings) were in the Middle Ages about torture."
"The kitchen light switch doesn't work." 
"Again?"
"The kitchen light switch doesn't work." 
"Not again!"
"The lady is your wife, Mr Jackson?" "May I ask for your discretion?", he asked the receptionist and slipped him a Jackson.
"The land was conquered, not stolen." 
"Conquest is a type of theft."
"The language barrier between me and her parents makes it hard to make connections," Justin said.
"The lawn is full of leaves. They need to be raked off." 
"We've got a leaf blower for that now, haven't we?" "Yes, but the neighbours always complain about it because it's so loud."
"The left pedal's stuck." 
"No, it's not stuck. You have to turn it clockwise to loosen it. The left-hand pedal's got a left-hand thread." 
"Bloody technology!"
"The lifts are out of order. We'll have to take the stairs." 
"To the fourteenth floor? Oh. Nice one."
"The lifts are out of order. We've got to take the stairs." 
"To the fourteenth floor? Oh, fandabidozi."
"The light was red!" "What light? I didn't see a light!" "I noticed that, honey!"
"The lizard dares to face the hydra" means something like "His opponent is too strong for him to face."
"The lizard dares to face the hydra" means something like "Someone is attacking a mountain with a hoe", says another of our friends.
"The lizard dares to face the hydra." is like "Someone is attacking an ash tree with a sickle," one of our friends tells us.
"The loser will delete his YouTube channel." 
"Challenge accepted!"
"The main thing will be to keep order and a teacher has to be a little cross to do that. If my pupils won't do as I tell them I shall punish them." 
"How?" "Give them a good whipping, of course." 
"Oh, Jane, you wouldn't," cried Anne, shocked. "Jane, you COULDN'T!"
"The man you saw is my dad." 
"What did you say?" "That the man you saw is my dad."
"The master is not home," the maid told her.
"The master is not home," the servant told him.
"The meticulous attention to detail, I think, knowing that these objects are 3,400 years old, knowing that it really took a lot to engrave these wonderful objects, even in the wood that you see in some of these chests, the quality of the workmanship is just incredible," he said.
"The midwife says that there's no pain during childbirth, only pressure. Is that true?" "Yes! Just like a tornado is a movement of air."
"The more I look at her, the prettier she looks." 
"Then why don't you ask her out on a date?" "No way!"
"The more we talked about them, the more we found we loved them both so much we wanted them both to win," he said at a news conference Monday.
"The more you see Tom, the better looking he is." 
"Yeah, the less you see him, the worse he looks?"
"The more, the better", she'd say.
"The most beautiful compliment I had about this first show is that it’s made for everyone. And I had that a few times," said Bourgeois. "That everyone can recognize themselves."
"The old lady of this shop is very unsociable but ..." 
"Taiki, I can hear you!" "Ack!"
"The onigiri you made me tasted great." 
"It would've been even better if you took a warm cup soup with you. Let's do that next time."
"The only people I know here are Tom and Mary." 
"What about John and Alice? You know them too, don't you?" "Yeah, but not quite so well."
"The original Hippocratic Oath made doctors swear not to perform an abortion." 
"And how were women treated back then? Good?"
"The original Hippocratic Oath made doctors swear not to perform an abortion." 
"And what was medicine like when that was written? The same as now?"
"The painter painted the wall bright yellow and not white." 
"It doesn't matter."
"The party is great, don't you think so?" "Yes, but it's so hot!"
"The phone is ringing." 
"I'll get it."
"The phone is ringing." 
"I’ll get it."
"The picture is just a bit too far to the right." 
"Like this?" "That was a little too much."
"The place I mean is that one yonder." He was getting so romantically attached to Christminster that, like a young lover alluding to his mistress, he felt bashful at mentioning its name again.
"The plants on this rogue planet are black in colour." 
"Interesting!"
"The plot thickens," he said, as I entered.
"The pollen count is high today", Mary said after she sneezed.
"The poor man can't go," she said to her eldest daughter, whose great eyes had opened the moment her mother's hand touched the door. Tess sat up in bed, lost in a vague interspace between a dream and this information.
"The postie's been. I've got my GCSE results!" "Go on then, open it! What does it say?" "All right, all right. 'This is to certify that Josephine Bloggs achieved the following results in ten subjects: Mathematics: F—' Oh, god."
"The potato peelings go in the food-recycling bin." 
"You what? I'm putting them in the compost!"
"The potential for surprise in the cyber realm will increase in the next year and beyond as billions more digital devices are connected—with relatively little built-in security—and both nation states and malign actors become more emboldened and better equipped in the use of increasingly widespread cyber toolkits," the report said.
"The president has given his assent to the Digital Security Act today making it law," Joynal Abedin, the president's press secretary, said Monday.
"The prince of darkness" means "Satan".
"The prince of darkness" means "Satan."
"The principal difficulty in your case," remarked Holmes, in his didactic fashion, "lay in the fact of there being too much evidence."
"The principal has given Ziri ten weeks of detention." 
"He's repeating the year."
"The principal is here." 
"It couldn't get any worse."
"The principal is here." 
"Just my luck!"
"The problem is I can't really sing." 
"So what? Bob Dylan couldn't sing." 
"Well, I'm not ever going to be on the level of Bob Dylan." 
"Few people are."
"The problem with teenage dogs is that they die usually in their junior or senior years. Few, if any, make it to college," said Tom. "You insensitive prick! We just buried the family dog!" said Mary.
"The punch knocked me out." 
"Whose punch?" "Nobody's. The drink did that."
"The queen is a dictator who oppresses the masses!" "She is going to unite the world to bring happiness." 
"That is right! The world is already full of petty squabblings and selfish desires. It should be united under my banner, so there need not be any more wars over resources and petty quarrels. I implore you all to work hard together with our former enemies who will soon be your friends! Show them that we are fit to rule the world."
"The rain out there is terrible! Didn't you get wet?" "No. I'm fine."
"The realm thou see'st is Punic; Tyrians are / the folk, the town Agenor's. Round them lie / the Libyan plains, a people rough in war."
"The revisions finalized with this rule-making fit squarely within the president’s mandate of easing the regulatory burden on the American public without sacrificing our species' protection and recovery goals," Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said last week.
"The salt shaker is empty." 
"Did you fill it with salt?" "Yes, to the edge."
"The school burned down." 
"What do you mean, burned down?"
"The school is not quite deserted," said the Ghost. "A solitary child, neglected by his friends, is left there still."
"The sea?" asked Elsa, staring; "what is that? I've never heard of such a thing!"
"The secretary, Mr. Joseph Stangerson," said Lestrade gravely, "was murdered at Halliday's Private Hotel about six o'clock this morning."
"The semantic subject of this sentence is 'this sentence,' but its grammatical subject is 'the semantic subject of this sentence'" is an example of a sentence benefitting from punctuation.
"The sentence has got too long again." 
"Then just take out a few of the subordinate clauses."
"The sentence is a bit strange" – "But I got it from a native speaker."
"The shore was kissed by sea and mist." What song does that come from?
"The snake is venomous and I'm afraid to even move." 
"Yes, that's right!" "What do you mean?" "You shouldn't even move."
"The snow is beautiful, isn't it?" "Yeah, but Mary, you're even more beautiful."
"The sorcerer disguises himself as a beast, he wears a hide over his head and walks around town. It's my daddy who told me that."
"The sorcerer disguises himself as a beast, he wears a hide over his head and walks around town. It’s my daddy who told me that."
"The stars have always fascinated me no end," said Mary.
"The stone talks to me." 
"Son, please, stop with the LSD for today. You are stoned." 
"I'm not your son, I'm your offspring. Don't even dare to call me 'son' again!"
"The street is deserted." 
"That's very strange."
"The successful enforcement of the ban on leaded petrol is a huge milestone for global health and our environment," UNEP Executive Director Inger Andersen said in a statement.
"The sugar bowl is almost empty." 
"In the morning it was full." 
"That's strange."
"The sun is yellow." 
"That depends on your perspective. I am of the opinion that yellowness is sunny."
"The teacher laughed at me today because I made a mistake." 
"What? He'll be laughing on the other side of his face when I'm finished with him!"
"The technological hurdles are real, but we believe they're surmountable," he added.
"The telephone's ringing!" "Just let it ring."
"The towel rack is a little bit loose." 
"I'm gonna fix that."
"The train's about to arrive. Which one should I order?" "Just go with that one."
"The truth always wins." 
"Which truth?"
"The two of you need to take the basket of apples over to your grandfather," the mother said. "You will grab it from one side, and you - from the other. And that's how you'll set out."
"The two of you need to take the basket of apples over to your grandfather," the mother said. "You will grab it from one side, and you - from the other. And that’s how you’ll set out."
"The tyrant dead, a portion of his reign / devolves on Helenus, who Chaonia calls / from Trojan Chaon the Chaonian plain, / and on these heights rebuilds the Trojan walls."
"The universe is made for us." 
"Then why can't we live in 99.99% of it?"
"The universe we're living in was falsified by a demon." 
"Wow, big if true."
"The verdict couldn't be any better," Victim's mother said.
"The walls are breathing." 
"Yep, that's mushrooms for you."
"The water butt leaks. It only gets half full." 
"Why doesn't Tom just buy a new one? They're not that dear."
"The way he speaks, he sounds as if he's got a moustache." 
"What do you mean?" "I don't know – just the sound of his voice."
"The weather forecast says it's cool today." 
"On the contrary, I feel hot."
"The weather forecast says it’s cool today." 
"On the contrary, I feel hot."
"The whole of Germany is under a blanket of snow," blared the radio, quite oblivious to the fact that I'd just come in from shovelling the stuff.
"The whole thing with Tom, I blew it. There's no chance there now." 
"The only time you run our of chances is when you stop taking them."
"The windshield chip has disappeared." 
"Yanni fixed it."
"The wine red sea" is a term from The Iliad, which implies ancient humans may have had a different concept of color prior to the modern age. In some languages "blue" is a modern construction in language, possibly because blue dye is difficult to formulate.
"The wino is Baya's husband." 
"Lord have mercy."
"The woman with the breast qualifications got the job" is an example of a Freudian slip.
"The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything", said Albert Einstein.
"The worst of the story is," said he, "that I show myself up as such a confounded fool."
"The worst part is over." 
"No. The worst part has just begun."
"The wounds received in battle bestow honor, they do not take it away..."
"Their music is strident and grating." 
"The word is 'dissonant.'"
"Then I don't want it," I reply.
"Then I don’t want it," I reply.
"Then I will be all yours," said the little white rabbit.
"Then I'm Conservative too," said Anne decidedly.
"Then Romulus the nation's charge shall claim, / wolf-nursed and proud her tawny hide to wear, / and build a city of Mavortian fame, / and make the Roman race remembered by his name. / To these no period nor appointed date, / nor bounds to their dominion I assign; / an endless empire shall the race await."
"Then bade her fly the country, and revealed, / to aid her flight, an old and unknown weight / of gold and silver, in the ground concealed."
"Then first Thymaetes cries aloud, to go / and through the gates the monstrous horse convey / and lodge it in the citadel. E'en so / his fraud or Troy's dark fates were working for our woe."
"Then he, at length his show of fear laid by, / 'Great King, all truly will I own, whate'er / the issue, nor my Argive race deny. / This first; if fortune, spiteful and unfair, / hath made poor Sinon wretched, fortune ne'er / shall make me false or faithless.'"
"Then mother's a deader too," cried the little girl, dropping her face in her pinafore and sobbing bitterly.
"Then schooled in cunning and Pelasgian sleights, / his hands unshackled to the stars he spread:"
"Then straight Ulysses, 'mid tumultuous cries, / drags Calchas forth, and bids the seer unfold / the dark and doubtful meaning of the skies. / Many e'en then the schemer's crime foretold, / and, silent, saw my destiny unrolled."
"Then wars shall cease and savage times grow mild, / and Remus and Quirinus, brethren twain, / with hoary Faith and Vesta undefiled, / shall give the law. With iron bolt and chain / firm-closed the gates of Janus shall remain. / Within, the Fiend of Discord, high reclined / on horrid arms, unheeded in the fane, / bound with a hundred brazen knots behind, / and grim with gory jaws, his grisly teeth shall grind."
"Then what happened?" "The history books are silent about it."
"Then what happened?" "The history books say nothing about it."
"Then why, if man must perish, is he born?" demanded the boy.
"Then your worship understands rhyming too?" "And better than thou thinkest," replied Don Quixote, "as thou shalt see when thou carriest a letter written in verse from beginning to end to my lady Dulcinea del Toboso, for I would have thee know, Sancho, that all or most of the knights-errant in days of yore were great troubadours and great musicians, for both of these accomplishments, or more properly speaking gifts, are the peculiar property of lovers-errant: true it is that the verses of the knights of old have more spirit than neatness in them."
"Then, Mr. Hayston," replied Ravenswood, with the same composure, "you should choose your society better."
"Then, all unknowing of Pelasgian art / and crimes so huge, the story we demand."
"Then, but for folly or Fate's adverse power, / his word had made us with our trusty glaive / lay bare the Argive ambush, and this hour / should Ilion stand, and thou, O Priam's lofty tower!"
"Then, forced by false Ulysses' clamorous cry, / spake the concerted word, and sentenced me to die."
"Then, too, the boy Ascanius, named of late / Iulus (Ilus was he in the day / when firm by royalty stood Ilium's state) / shall rule till thirty years complete the destined date. / He from Lavinium shall remove his seat, / and gird Long Alba for defence."
"Thence Corybantian cymbals clashed and brayed / in praise of Cybele. In Ida's wood / her mystic rites in secrecy were paid, / and lions, yoked in pomp, their sovereign's car conveyed."
"Thence Troy's great sire, if I remember right, / old Teucer, to Rhoeteum crossed the flood, / and for his future kingdom chose a site."
"Thence sprang great Dardanus; there lies thy seat; / thence sire Iasius and the Trojans came."
"There are USSR flags on the Russian tanks... I mean, Soviet? No, Russian." 
"What?!"
"There are certain shapes that form in rocks where it’s extremely difficult to imagine an environment devoid of life that could cause that shape to form,” said Williford.
"There are long established plans by which the police will... obviously keep the public safe, but they will prioritize those things that they have to do. And the army is, of course, always ready to backfill as and when. But that is under the reasonable worst-case scenario,” Johnson said this week.
"There are no cakes left?" "I ate them both..."
"There are no more cakes?" "I ate both of them."
"There are no salmon whatsoever in the river this year." 
"Can you explain why that is?"
"There are others capable of helping you. You don't need me specifically." 
"Sure I do!"
"There are plenty of fish in the sea!" "That's what complacent people say. But there'll never be someone like my Tom!"
"There are some things I want to buy," the boy said.
"There are too many chiefs around here." 
"Do you mean too many chiefs and not enough Indians?"
"There are too many foreigners in this country." 
"I disagree. I don't think there are enough."
"There are two genders, man and woman. It's eighth grade biology." 
"Me, I'm glad my endo didn't stop at eighth grade biology."
"There are two ways out of the room," cried Ferrier; "there is the door, and there is the window. Which do you care to use?"
"There are various classes of Nymphs, my girl," he said, "the Melians, who dwell among the ash-groves, the Dryads, who preside over the oaks, and the Eloean Nymphs, who are guardians of the lakes."
"There are very few things that can evoke the kind of emotional response that a great sporting event can evoke," he points out.
"There aren't any German-language books here." 
"But we're in the middle of Berlin!"
"There could be tons and tons of platinum group metals on the moon, rare-earth metals, which are tremendously valuable on the Earth,” Bridenstine told CNBC in an interview.
"There is a repetition mistake in the text." 
"Indeed, I can't have properly been awake."
"There is a scholar passing this way who is offering a book for sale." 
"So what then?" "I wanted to buy it, because he's offering it cheaper than our bookseller."
"There is a strange presence in the Forest," he declared.
"There is a tide" is, in fact, from a passage in Shakespeare's Julius Caesar.
"There is a tide" is, in fact, from a passage in Shakespeare’s Julius Caesar.
"There is no business," said Bobby, who manages Little Italy Pizza in midtown, which serves the office workers who normally occupy the neighboring skyscrapers.
"There is no clue?" said Gregson. "None at all," chimed in Lestrade.
"There is no hope for me," said Will. "Even if you loved me as well as I love you - even if I were everything to you-I shall most likely always be very poor: on a sober calculation, one can count on nothing but a creeping lot. It is impossible for us ever to belong to each other. It is perhaps base of me to have asked for a word from you. I meant to go away into silence, but I have not been able to do what I meant."
"There is no one to whom we can attribute malice or ill motives," the report, released Sunday, says.
"There is no proof that the coronavirus has been spread by euro banknotes," the Bundesbank said.
"There is no right or wrong way to get fat," said Tom.
"There is nothing like cleanliness," said she, as she scoured the pot with a bundle of snakes.
"There is something I wanna say." 
"Make it quick."
"There is something I wanna say." 
"We're listening."
"There is the false assumption that once you're vaccinated, this COVID virus is going to disappear," said Vanderbilt University infectious disease professor William Schaffner. "That's not the case. The COVID virus is here to stay. We're going to have to cope with it for years down the road."
"There it is! It's still open." 
"There you go. No need to panic, was there?"
"There it is," said the steward.
"There it is," said the witch, and thereupon she cut off the tongue of the little mermaid, who was dumb now and could neither sing nor speak.
"There it is," said the witch, and thereupon she cut off the tongue of the little mermaid.
"There must be a logical explanation for it." 
"Not everything can be explained through logic, my dear Tom."
"There must be something wrong with me." 
"Why do you say that?"
"There rest they, nor their sequence change, nor place, / save when, by chance, on grating hinge the door / swings open, and a light breath sweeps the floor, / or rougher blasts the tender leaves disperse. / Loose then they flutter, for she recks no more / to call them back, and rearrange the verse; / untaught the votaries leave, the Sibyl's cave to curse."
"There were rainbow-colored clouds today. I've never seen anything like it before." 
"Iridescent clouds, huh? You know, it's an old saying that if you see them, it's a sign of good things to come."
"There will be live music at the picnic." 
"What kind of music?"
"There will be no more murders," he said at last, stopping abruptly and facing us. "You can put that consideration out of the question."
"There won't be any need, I hope." 
"But you don't know what will happen."
"There! Read!" said Mary, flinging Tom a letter from the kitchen table.
"There's Tom at the back. He's waving. Can't he just leave us alone?" "Mary, you know how much he likes you."
"There's a comma's missing." 
"No there's not." 
"Yes there is!" "Isn't!" "I'll prove it to you!"
"There's a crack in your windshield." 
"Really? Where?" "It's right here."
"There's a flaw in your logic." 
"And what might that be?"
"There's a good deal of the child about her yet in some ways." 
"There's a good deal more of the woman about her in others," retorted Marilla.
"There's a hair in my soup." 
"It looks like your hair."
"There's a half-sovereign for you," my companion said, standing up and taking his hat.
"There's a hole in your jeans." 
"Yeah, I know. I bought them like that."
"There's a hole in your trousers." 
"That's just how it looks."
"There's a labor shortage!" "Well, the problem with capitalism is eventually you run out of other people's labor."
"There's a perfectly innocent explanation." 
"I'm listening."
"There's a rumor going around that Tom likes Mary." 
"I find that hard to believe."
"There's a shark in the water," she whispered.
"There's a very good reason for that." 
"Which is?"
"There's a very negative connotation about rats, which is kind of sad," she said during a recent visit to her hometown of Charleston, South Carolina.
"There's a wee green beastie on the wall! What is it? Get rid of it!" "It's just a harmless grasshopper. I'll put it outside."
"There's a wide range of parasitoids and predators from there," Walton said. "We've imported them. They're in quarantine. You can't release them because they can potentially affect other good bugs that we don't want to be affected."
"There's an apostrophe missing. It's and its are different." 
"I know. It was a typing error."
"There's been a woman here," he cried. "It's a woman's wedding-ring."
"There's cake. Would you like some?" "Yeah!"
"There's climate change." 
"There's climate modification."
"There's more than one way to do it" is a motto common among users of the programming language Perl.
"There's more work to be got out of one of those little beggars than out of a dozen of the force," Holmes remarked.
"There's no good place there," said I--and I looked a long, long look into her eyes which happened to be scanning my face just then.
"There's no hope in a country where the honest are not as brave as the dishonest."
"There's no meaning. There's no purpose." 
"What do you mean?"
"There's no question that white supremacists and antisemites are trying to terrorize and harass Americans and have significantly stepped up their use of propaganda as a tactic to make their presence known in communities nationwide," Jonathan Greenblatt, Anti-Defamation League CEO, said in a statement.
"There's no such thing as a stupid question." 
"How did Leonardo DiCaprio invent the Mona Lisa if there was no color in the 1800s?" "I stand corrected."
"There's no tree here", growled the dog.
"There's one important detail you haven't noticed, Tom," said Mary reproachfully. "I'm pregnant."
"There's one thing plain to be seen, Anne," said Marilla, "and that is that your fall off the Barry roof hasn't injured your tongue at all."
"There's secret underground submarine bases in the Antarctic," said Mary. "Oh, yeah?" said Tom.
"There's singing in Berber." 
"It's wonderful."
"There's something I have to do." 
"But you've only just got here!"
"There's something I want to ask you tomorrow. What time are you free?" "Anytime after lunch is good for me."
"There's something I want to buy," the boy said.
"There's something I want to show you tomorrow." 
"Cool! I wonder what it is."
"There's something I've got to do." 
"But you've only just got here!"
"There's something so stylish about you, Anne," said Diana, with unenvious admiration.
"There's that noise again! Can you hear it?" "It's Tom. He's snoring."
"There's that noise again! Can you hear it?" "That's Tom snoring."
"There's that scowl on Tom's face again. What's up with him?" "It usually means he doesn't agree with what's being said."
"There's the camp!" exclaimed Tom.
"There, a squirrel" "What? Where?" "Up there on the tree. Do you see it?" "Yes, I see it!"
"There, madam," he said, laying down before Lucy the signed paper and the broken piece of gold—"there are the evidences of your first engagement; may you be more faithful to the one which you have just formed."
"There, now I suppose you're satisfied!" he said, sulkily, but his instructor was not, it seemed, satisfied.
"There, when at Cumae landing from the main, / Avernus' lakes and sounding woods ye gain, / thyself shalt see, within her rock-hewn shrine, / the frenzied prophetess, whose mystic strain / expounds the Fates, to leaves of trees consign / the notes and names that mark the oracles divine."
"There," said Ravenswood, "sits the only male domestic that remains to the house of Ravenswood; and it is well that he does remain there, since otherwise we had little hope to find either light or fire. "
"There," said the granddaughter, "that's just the place."
"There," said the granddaughter, "that’s just the place."
"There’s a lot of folks that would pay a lot of money for a honeymoon in space,” he said.
"There’s a shark in the water," she whispered.
"These are but shadows of the things that have been," said the Ghost. "They have no consciousness of us."
"These are loquats." 
"They don't taste like loquats."
"These are some of the most vulnerable places to climate change and change across river systems, but they are also the home for a number of us who live here, they are also the breadbasket of the world that feeds a number of the countries that depend on them," said Kavita Prakash-Mani, global conservation director for the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF).
"These are the people who have given great struggle for continuity, persistence, and determination. These are the people who have gotten used to the boredom of life."
"These cars are yours?" "Yes, they're mine."
"These chocolates taste really good!" "Tom's eaten forty-nine of them." 
"Tom always was a glutton."
"These figs are very soft." 
"They're completely ripe."
"These flowers are for you, Mary." 
"How sweet! Thanks!"
"These lands, 'tis said, one continent of yore / (such change can ages work) an earthquake tore / asunder; in with havoc rushed the main, / and far Sicilia from Hesperia bore, / and now, where leapt the parted land in twain, / the narrow tide pours through, 'twixt severed town and plain."
"These letters still need proofreading." 
"Tom can do that." 
"The boss only trusts you with these things, Mary. You know that."
"These letters still need to be proofread." 
"Tom can do that." 
"The boss only trusts you in these matters, Mary. You know that."
"These medlars are rotten." 
"They're bletted." 
"Pardon me?" "They're not rotten. They're bletted and it's OK to eat them."
"These tokens bear, and in thy memory store."
"These trees can be found nowhere else in the world. In fact, there are only 200 left on the planet, so we needed to do everything we could to protect them and ensure they were able to survive into the future," he added.
"These umeboshi aren't sour at all." 
"That's because their saltiness has been removed and they've been soaked in honey."
"These young people are our best hope for the future,” Clinton said. “Look at them! They are from all over the world. They are happy to be together. They think what they have in common is more important than what divides them."
"They allow themselves to be scalped by the first comer... They perish where they were born... And they take pleasure in bliss...", said the player Mohand-U-Yahia about The Berbers.
"They are afraid of me because I am ugly," he said.
"They are extremely valuable, and they were stolen from the library over the course of a couple of months," said the chief crime commissioner at Bavaria's National Crime Office.
"They are not asleep yet," muttered the witch to herself.
"They can't arrest me." 
"Shut your mouth! You haven't seen anything yet. Those bastards can arrest you, detain you for God knows how long, torture you, humiliate you, rape you, shoot you in the head, then bury you where no one could ever find you."
"They did not move," she said to her husband.
"They don't enjoy their microspot." 
"Their what, Francis?"
"They found four dead adult giraffes in that area." 
"Lions?" "No. Probably poachers."
"They have an amazing relationship." 
"They are lucky."
"They have similar tattoos." 
"They're in a gang."
"They left for New York, didn't they?" "Exactly."
"They left for New York, didn’t they?" "Exactly."
"They lost again." 
"You don't say. What's that, eight in a row?"
"They lost again." 
"You don't say. What's that, the eighth time in a row?"
"They must have been ghosts," I said.
"They named their child Tom." 
"Of course. How else would they have named him?"
"They say curiosity killed the cat. You're not a cat, are you?" "Please, don't kill me!" "Just answer my question. Are you a cat?" "No, I'm not a cat and I promise I won't tell anyone about that."
"They say she's a slut." 
"This is just trash talk."
"They say so" is half a lie.
"They say that in a hiring interview, to say one plays piano suggests a disinclination to cooperate and that it's better to say one plays in a choral society or an orchestra." 
"Who told you that?"
"They say the best pub in the world is in Glasgow." 
"Oh, do they now?" "So I've heard."
"They went behind my back." 
"They made an error."
"They won't stop making fun of me." 
"Aw, poor girl."
"They" is a weird word in English.
"They're all the same!" "Come on, Styopa – looks like you've never fucked!" "Professor, I have no time for fucking." 
"You dummy, it's a great pleasure." 
"Professor, I want to do it with you." 
"Yeah, say that again! You're gonna suck just like always." 
"Yes, you're right."
"They're all yours." 
"Thank you."
"They're bad people. They eat dogs." 
"So? You eat cows, and I'm friends with you. I don't see the problem."
"They're being very intentionally vague with their emails, because we can tell they don't have much figured out themselves," Lucia Macchi, a freshman at Pennsylvania State University, told VOA.
"They're killing babies." 
"You're being dishonest. A fetus is, by definition, not a baby."
"They're like Nan, auntie's Australian woman boss in Thailand." 
"What do you mean?" "She thinks that Western Classical music is utterly superior to serene, meditative Eastern music." 
"Acquired tastes, dear!"
"They're not like Native Indians..." 
"What do you mean?"
"They're not opening up." 
"Ring the doorbell again."
"They're playing this song here too. How many times does that make it today?" "What do you expect? It's a Christmas classic."
"They're stupid children. What a nuisance," she said. I replied, praising them: "What are you saying? They're both smart, with a good memory and a promising future."
"They've arrived!" "And none too soon!"
"They’re stupid children, what a nuisance", she said. I replied praising them: "What are you saying, They’re both smart, with a good memory and a promising future"
"Thick description" is a term coined by Clifford Geertz.
"Thief" is such a vulgar term. I prefer to be called a "larcenist."
"Thieving is thieving," said the Beast, "whether it be a rose or a diamond; thy life is forfeit."
"Things are getting better," Tom agreed.
"Things like aliens don't exist." 
"Don't brush off ideas so disparagingly."
"Things will work out." 
"I know that they will."
"Think of me when you go back to Australia," Mary told Tom, as she tried in vain to hold back her tears. "When shall I ever see you again?"
"Think outside the box." 
"What box?"
"Third time's the charm? No?" "Err err. Wrong. Guess not. Sorry."
"Third wish?" The man was baffled. "How can it be a third wish if I haven't had a first and second wish?"
"Third wish?" The man was baffled. "How can it be a third wish if I haven’t had a first and second wish?"
"Thirty dollars is a lot for that small room," he thought.
"Thirty years ago, jeans were only available in three shades — rinse, stonewash and bleach," said Bart Sights, head of the Levi's Eureka lab. "Our company now designs 1,000 finishes per season."
"Thirty-two degrees Fahrenheit! I'm burning up!" "Poor Mr. Snowman."
"This Kabyle dress is a gift." 
"For whom?"
"This Tom guy, is he some kind of weirdo?" "I wouldn't say he's a weirdo. He's just...very unique."
"This bike is pre-loved." 
"'Pre-loved'? Why don't you just say it's second-hand?"
"This boy doesn't look Algerian at all." 
"What do you mean?"
"This brand is very mild," Dad said.
"This bridge used to be yellow." 
"Why did they paint it blue?" "No idea." 
"Maybe people were going too slow on it."
"This burrito is beefy." 
"I don't care. I'm a vegan, remember?"
"This cake of yours is moreish!" "I try my best."
"This calls for a celebration." 
"Sure."
"This came for you." 
"Urgh..." 
"So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." 
"And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." 
"Yeah." 
"Then she sent the critique to Mac." 
"...Yeah." 
"What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."
"This cannot be!" "But it is!"
"This car is too expensive." 
"True, it isn't cheap."
"This car smells." 
"Yanni slept here last night." 
"Disgusting!"
"This changes everything." 
"This changes nothing."
"This changes everything." 
"This doesn't change anything at all."
"This chicken parmesan tastes amazing, Matthew. You should open a restaurant," said his friend.
"This church is not that big." 
"Since it's a baptistery."
"This complicates matters," said Gregson. "Heaven knows, they were complicated enough before."
"This conversation has never occurred." 
"What conversation?"
"This conversation is going nowhere," she stated testily.
"This conversation never occurred." - "What conversation?"
"This decision will save countless elephants from being ripped away from their families in the wild and forces to spend their lifetimes imprisoned in substandard conditions at zoos," the Humane Society International said Sunday.
"This dismissal," he said, "is the tocsin of the St Bartholomew of the patriots."
"This fish is just as good-looking as a salmon or a lake trout or any others. So quit calling it ugly because it’s not ugly," he said.
"This gentleman," said Sir William Ashton, "will, I trust, not regret the trouble we have given him, when I assure him of the gratitude of the Lord Keeper for the greatest service which one man ever rendered to another—for the life of my child—for my own life, which he has saved by his bravery and presence of mind."
"This grave is your new home." 
"What do you mean?"
"This guy says he's a woman." 
"In this case, we need to assess his mental state."
"This had me on the edge of my seat."
"This high-rise is high." 
"Perhaps, this is why it's a high-rise."
"This idea accompanied Esperanto from the first moment of its birth until the present time. It impelled the author of Esperanto when he was still a little child."
"This increase — driven by a surge in e-cigarette use — erased past progress in reducing youth tobacco product use," stated a CDC Vital Signs report.
"This insect has a number of features that just don't match those of any other insect species that I know," said George Poinar, an OSU entomologist considered to be one of the world's leading experts on plant and animal life forms found preserved in amber.
"This is ..." 
"Working glove and trowel. One of a gardening club's basic tools."
"This is ..." 
"Working glove and trowel. One of a gardening club’s basic tools"
"This is Algiers, I presume." 
"Yes."
"This is Algiers." 
"This is home."
"This is Ziri's car." 
"How old is this junk?"
"This is a Kabyle dress for you." 
"Oh! That's so sweet."
"This is a bitter day for the cultural heritage of Saxony. The thieves stole cultural treasures of immeasurable worth – that is not only the material worth but also the intangible worth to the state of Saxony, which is impossible to estimate," said Roland Wöller, Saxony's interior minister.
"This is a goat. This is a horse. This is a cow. This is a pig. This is a dog", said my three and a half year old son watching the pictures of a book.
"This is a magic wand." 
"Are you sure, Tom? It just looks like a regular stick."
"This is a most extraordinary case," he said at last—"a most incomprehensible affair."
"This is a picture of my daughter Layla." 
"She's beautiful." 
"She was." 
"Oh, I'm sorry."
"This is a proxy conflict between the former president and the former vice president," William A. Galston, a senior fellow in Brookings' Governance Studies program, told VOA as ballots were being cast on Tuesday.
"This is a public place," said Nady Abdulhalim Mahmoud, a zookeeper, while a nearby giraffe munched on leaves.
"This is a shark." 
"It certainly is."
"This is a very good brand," said Dad.
"This is a very singular knife," said Holmes, lifting it up and examining it minutely.
"This is arson." 
"Who is Arson?"
"This is cheaper than a new hat", Susan answered.
"This is delicious. What is it?" "I'd better not tell you."
"This is enough, isn't it?" "Yeah, I guess so."
"This is for you." 
"A gift? Oh, thank you."
"This is illegal, you know." 
"What?" "Your Majesty, copyright says you cannot use this music! ...See, what did I tell you?"
"This is impossible!" "Possible."
"This is literally 1984." 
"No it isn't."
"This is most interesting," said Holmes.
"This is my cat, Cookie." 
"Awww, what an adorable kitty-cat!"
"This is my cat, Cookie." 
"What a majestic floof!"
"This is my fault." 
"No, it isn't."
"This is my first flight. I'm nervous," says Hiroshi.
"This is my first flight. I’m nervous," says Hiroshi.
"This is my first pickle factory tour," said Tom.
"This is my girlfriend, Shura." 
"It's Sku-ra."
"This is my girlfriend, Skura." 
"Nice to meet you."
"This is my girlfriend, Sura." 
"It's Skura."
"This is my girlfriend," said Ziri, holding up Rima's picture.
"This is my little brother, Ziri." 
"What an angel!"
"This is my little girl Diana," said Mrs. Barry.
"This is my sister." 
"Your sister?" "Yes." 
"She's beautiful!"
"This is normal in Germany." 
"Really?"
"This is only the beginning." 
"Sure!"
"This is part of every design process for everything. Things always fail," MIT mechanical engineering student Kimberly Jung said.
"This is stupid." 
"No, you're stupid."
"This is such a new and exciting field," Fong said.
"This is such a new and exciting field," Fong said. "Finding these localized events is a major piece to the puzzle, and a very unique puzzle piece compared to what's been done before. This is a unique contribution of Hubble."
"This is the best day of my life!" "I wish I could say the same."
"This is the best pie I've ever tasted." 
"Aww, you're too kind."
"This is the decade we must make decisions that will avoid the worst consequences of the climate crisis," said Biden on Thursday, calling on others, in particular the world’s largest economies, “to step up.”
"This is the end," murmured my father before he lost consciousness.
"This is the first time I've ever clawed my owner", said the cat.
"This is the last time," said Tom. "You always say that," replied Mary.
"This is the most incredible thing I've ever heard." 
"However, this is the truth."
"This is the only segment of our economy where we have the majority of products being knowingly dangerous, and we leave it up to the consumer," says Dr. Dariush Mozaffarian, a cardiologist who is the dean of the Tufts Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy.
"This is the police. Would you mind coming down to the station?" "W-why?" "You can't think it's not a crime to go shooting guns off in the middle of town?!"
"This is the police. Would you mind coming down to the station?" "W-why?" "You can’t think it’s not a crime to go shooting guns off in the middle of town?!"
"This is the shortest way," the truck driver concluded.
"This is the ugliest spider I've ever seen." 
"All spiders are ugly."
"This is very amusing," thought the devil.
"This is what I was looking for!" he exclaimed.
"This is what I was looking for," he explained.
"This is where I brought my kids home. That's where they learned how to ride a bike," said Hornback as she fought back tears.
"This is where I went to school," explained Anna, moving her fingers gently over the photograph. "They were the happiest years of my life." 
"Oh, thanks very much!" grumbled her husband.
"This is wine from our own grape," explained Tom, filling a glass from the barrel.
"This is wine from our own grape," explained Tom, filling a glass from the wood.
"This is wrong." 
"You're wrong."
"This is your contract." 
"Pinch me. Am I dreaming?" "No. Please sign here."
"This isn't Tom's watch." 
"I never said it was."
"This isn't Yanni's car." 
"How do you know?" "Yanni's windshield doesn't have chips."
"This isn't a war, rather it's a special military operation to denazify the Ukraine." 
"These aren't sanctions, rather it's a special financial operation to denazify Russia."
"This isn't fair, Yanni." 
"Life is unfair."
"This isn't mine." 
"It's not mine either."
"This juice tastes like eye drops." 
"You've tasted eye drops?"
"This looks pretty interesting," Hiroshi says.
"This looks so interesting," Hiroshi said.
"This looks very interesting," said Hiroshi.
"This math problem is very difficult. How did you solve it?" "Eh, I managed somehow."
"This meal is a gastronomic delight!"
"This more, besides, I charge thee to obey, / if any faith to Helenus be due, / or skill in prophecy the seer display, / and mighty Phoebus hath inspired me true, / these warning words I urge, and oft will urge anew: / Seek Juno first; great Juno's power adore; / with suppliant gifts the potent queen constrain, / and winds shall waft thee to Italia's shore."
"This one is a giant beetle parfait." 
"Hey. I don't remember asking for this."
"This one is yours, this one is mine and the other, we share it." This is what we would have said if we want to make lie the Kabyle fable of the couple of frogs when the male said: "This one is mine, this one is mine and the other, we share it", the day they decided to separate.
"This one?" "No, that one!"
"This party's boring." 
"That's why Tom left."
"This pen's stopped writing." 
"The refills are in the top draw of the desk in the office."
"This pious use keep sacred, thou and thine, / the sons of sons unborn, and all the Trojan line."
"This restaurant has a perfect diarrhea score for me," said Tom. "I think it's five for five now."
"This revolution is going to transform our material world. It will let us make a whole host of products less expensively, with great strength, with less pollution and in general simply with better properties all around," he explained.
"This scarf is beautifully knit. It's completely different from what you made last time, isn't it?" "Yeah, I think my hands have just gotten used to it. I've learned how to knit comfortably."
"This sea lion should be a beautiful reddish color," she said, "and what we're actually seeing is little glimmering spots of that beautiful reddish tone of its fur, but the rest is coated in what looks like black tar."
"This smells fishy to me," I said to him.
"This song, it's the one Tom's been humming lately, right?" "Yeah, that's right. It's trending right now."
"This soup is delicious." 
"I agree with you."
"This soup isn't to my taste." 
"It's not to mine, either."
"This story seems familiar." – "It's your own. Tom translated it into Esperanto."
"This street has really changed since I was last here." 
"Yeah. It's all coffee shops and nail bars now."
"This stuff tastes gross!" "Keep drinking. It'll taste better the more you drink it."
"This tape is ruined. It's also the last." 
"Objection! There's gotta be another one out th—" "Get real, Your Majesty." 
"I'm going to 'Blockbuster'." 
"There is no store that provides tapes anymore. You're screwed." 
"Oah!"
"This throne is mine now." 
"Take it. I don't care."
"This used to be such a friendly place." 
"Tell me about it."
"This vacuum sucks." 
"Sounds like it's doing its job."
"This video is a pretty accurate representation of the brony/anti-brony bickering common in our fandom that both sides blow out of proportion." 
"Truer words have never been said."
"This was Seneca land." 
"This IS Seneca land."
"This was nothing like a dog." 
"It was probably a hyena."
"This will be done soon." 
"When is soon?"
"This work is going to take me hours." 
"Not if a friend helps you."
"This" and "that" are English demonstrative pronouns.
"This," said Mr. Pickwick, looking round him, "this is, indeed, comfort."
"This," said he, taking a grey roll of paper from his bureau, "is the original of that secret treaty between England and Italy."
"Thither we sailed, when, rising with the wave, / Orion dashed us on the shoals, the prey / of wanton winds, and mastering billows drave / our vessels on the pathless rocks astray. / We few have floated to your shore."
"Thomas, I'm pregnant." 
"Who's the father? I?"
"Those are Muslims." 
"I'm one of them."
"Those clouds look like cotton candy, don't they? They look tasty." 
"Tom, are you hungry?"
"Those flowers are very lovely." 
"It's nice of you to say that."
"Those girls were just asking to be robbed, raped and murdered." 
"This is rape culture."
"Those glasses suit you, Mary." 
"Do you think so?" "I do. You should wear them more often."
"Those guys on electric bikes, it's not fair." 
"What's the matter?" "It's just, here I am pedaling hard, dripping with sweat, and they come along passing me all calm and triumphant like. It's so infuriating!"
"Those letters are all the wrong way around!" "No, it's supposed to be like that, it's Russian."
"Those letters are all the wrong way around!" "No, it’s supposed to be like that, it’s Russian."
"Those little puppies are adorable!" "Do you want one?"
"Those shoes you're wearing — aren't they mine?" "Nah. They just look like 'em." 
"'Course they're mine! Take them off, now!"
"Those who don't read have no advantage over those who can't read," Mark Twain said.
"Those who struggle are not sure to win, but those who do not struggle have already lost," would have said Berthold Brecht.
"Those who want a clear mind and a pure heart should ask for a visa against all kinds of thoughts and never give a pass to foreign considerations"
"Thou hast whate'er 'tis lawful to advise; / go, and with deathless deeds raise Ilion to the skies."
"Thou know'st, who oft hast sorrowed with my pain, / how, tost by Juno's rancour, o'er the main / thy brother wanders."
"Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself" is a quote from the Bible.
"Thou shalt not steal" is one of the Ten Commandments.
"Thou speakest sooth." 
"Why are you talking like that, Tom?"
"Thou, Troy, preserved, to Sinon faithful stay, / if true the tale I tell, if large the price I pay."
"Thou, who alone Troy's sorrows deign'st to hear, / and us, the gleanings of the Danaan spear, / poor world-wide wanderers and in desperate case, / has ta'en to share thy city and thy cheer, / meet thanks nor we, nor what of Dardan race / yet roams the earth, can give to recompense thy grace."
"Though this is madness, there's method in 't." By definition, Polonius's very words discount the possibility of madness. If there is method, then there is no madness.
"Thoughtfulness" is a long word in English.
"Through shifting hazards, by the Fates' decree, / to Latin shores we steer, our promised land to see. / There quiet settlements the Fates display, / there Troy her ruined fortunes shall repair. / Bear up; reserve you for a happier day."
"Through what means could they understand each other?" "They could understand each other through a common language."
"Throw him to the lions!" said the princess.
"Throw it into the fire," said Anne.
"Thus roused, her friends she gathers. All await / her summons, who the tyrant fear or hate. / Some ships at hand, chance-anchored in the bay / they seize and load them with the costly freight, / and far off o'er the deep is borne away / Pygmalion's hoarded pelf. A woman leads the way."
"Thus was he handled for one year and ten months; after which time, by the advice of physicians, they began to carry him, and then was made for him a fine little cart, drawn with oxen, of the invention of Jehan Denyau."
"Thus while they waver and, perplex with doubt, / urge diverse counsels, and in parts divide, / lo, from the citadel, foremost of a rout, / breathless Laocoon runs, and from afar cries out: / 'Ah! wretched townsmen! do ye think the foe / gone, or that guileless are their gifts? O blind / with madness! Thus Ulysses do ye know?'"
"Tidikelt is a region in the Sahara Desert and it's a Berber word." 
"No, that's a lie and you're a liar! This is a Kabyle word."
"Tighremt" is Algeria's first Berber-language daily newspaper.
"Time is gold" a true idiom.
"Time is money" is an accurate proverb.
"Time to die, Tom" said Mary.
"Times so dire / not such defenders nor such help require. / Not e'en, were Hector here, my Hector's aid / could save us."
"Tiziri" is Berber for "moonlight."
"To Be Beside You," a sentimental ditty expressing romantic yearning, became a surprise hit song in 1956.
"To answer the latter question, one possibility is that all conscious beings are the single journeys of neurotransmitters in the existential crisis of an omnipotent entity attempting introspection." 
"I really, really like that hypothesis, and I never found it better formulated than how you did it here."
"To be honest, I don't see why he has to get like this. It's just a joke." 
"At this point you should already know he takes everything seriously."
"To be honest, I'm afraid of heights." 
"Coward!"
"To be honest," said Dima. "I really can't remember who they were..."
"To be honest," said Dima. "I really can’t remember who they were..."
"To be or not to be, that is the question", said the infant buffalo.
"To be sure not to make a mistake, I've made it a rule to cite only authors whom I killed myself at least seventy years ago," the aged Jack the Reader said.
"To call a spade a spade" means to speak plainly and unambiguously.
"To go to one's just reward" is a euphemism for "to die."
"To hire a good lawyer?" Al-Sayib asked.
"To kill Gazans in the thousands, the media need to dehumanize them. Once they're labeled as 'evil terrorists,' it becomes OK for everyone to see their houses indiscriminately bombed and their kids massacred." 
"Stop talking about that." 
"Instead of asking me to stop talking about that, why don't you just ask the 'civilized people' who massacre them to stop doing what they are doing?"
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all."
"To love, intransitive verb" is a novel by the great Brazilian author Mário de Andrade.
"To tell you the truth, I am scared of heights." 
"You are a coward!"
"To the privileged, equality feels like oppression." 
"To the oppressed, domination feels like equality."
"To thee, yea, thee, fierce miscreant", he cried, / may Heaven, if Heaven with righteous eyes behold / so foul an outrage and a deed so bold, / ne'er fail a fitting guerdon to ordain, / nor worthy quittance for thy crime withhold, / whose hand hath made me see my darling slain, / and dared with filial blood a father's eyes profane."
"To thy guardian care / she doth her Gods and ministries consign. / Take them, thy future destinies to share, / and seek for them another home elsewhere, / that mighty city, which for thee and thine / o'er traversed ocean shall the Fates prepare."
"Today I met Tom's younger sister." 
"Oh, what is she like?" "Hmm, she seems like a combination of Mary and Alice."
"Today I'm going sashi-drinking, as the Japanese call it, and having some motsunabe." 
"Sashi-drinking? What's sashi-drinking?" "It's when two people drink together, one-on-one." 
"Oh, I understand. Enjoy yourself, then."
"Today I'm going to have some one-on-one drinking with some motsunabe." 
"One-on-one drinking? What's one-on-one drinking?" "It's just two people, drinking together." 
"Oh, I see. Have fun, then."
"Today is Mary and Tom's birthday. But this year, I couldn't send mail internationally, so I can't do anything. I wish my feelings could still get across." 
"Why not try shouting into the sky? It might reach them." 
"If you say so! I'll give it a try. Happy birthday, Mary and Tom!" "A small voice like that won't reach them... Okay. Try again." 
"Huh? Happy birthday! Mary and Tom!"
"Today is a good day to die," thought the killer cucumber.
"Today my mother died." That's how the book The Stranger, by Albert Camus, begins.
"Today or tomorrow?" "Either today or tomorrow is fine by me."
"Today or tomorrow?" "Whether it's today or tomorrow makes no difference to me whatsoever."
"Today we achieved an important milestone on a rocky road which allows us to plan the future steps in the rescue program of the northern white rhino,'' said Thomas Hildebrandt of the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research in Germany.
"Today's Tuesday, right?" "Yeah." 
"Why's it so crowded?"
"Today's my birthday." 
"It's my birthday today, too."
"Today, Tatoeba is barely being used because the weather is so nice," said Tom. "That doesn't make any sense," said Maria in response. "The weather is certainly very different in the different regions of the world."
"Today, all Canadians are Nova Scotian," said Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
"Today, the milkman was buried. There were a lot of people, cause everybody in the village knew him." 
"Oh, is there a milkman in Linschoten?" "Well, no, not anymore!"
"Tokyo" can be translated as "eastern capital".
"Tom Loves Mary" became the most successful sitcom in history.
"Tom and I are having a soirée on Thursday." 
"What the fuck is a soirée?" "An evening party." 
"When else do you have parties besides in the evening?" "I... don't know." 
"Why not just say a party?"
"Tom and I aren't good at swimming." 
"Neither are Mary and I."
"Tom and I aren't very good at this." 
"Neither are Mary and I."
"Tom and I call Mary 'John'." 
"What? Why?"
"Tom and I often used to chat here in the evenings after everyone had gone. I'll miss him." 
"We'll all miss him. He was a special person."
"Tom and I went fishing." 
"Tom – you mean your brother?" "No, I'm talking about my friend."
"Tom and Mary - A Tragedy in Five Acts" is the title of Mary's latest autobiographical work.
"Tom and Mary are always busy in the garden. Don't they ever get tired?" "Apparently not."
"Tom and Mary are identical twins." 
"How's that possible? Has one of them undergone sex reassignment surgery?"
"Tom and Mary are planning to get divorced." 
"I wasn't aware of that."
"Tom and Mary certainly are late," remarked John, glancing at his watch. "I wonder if they're even coming," replied Alice. "Maybe something's happened to them!" "No, I don't think so. What could've happened to them?"
"Tom and Mary got new jobs." 
"What kind of jobs?"
"Tom and Mary have been busy in the garden for hours. What are they doing?" "How should I know? Just go and ask them. Give them a hand, so they can finish quicker."
"Tom and Mary have been divorced for over three years." 
"Really? I had no idea."
"Tom and Mary have been putting on some weight" "Yeah, I noticed that."
"Tom and Mary have broken up." 
"That's ancient history."
"Tom and Mary have decided to help John paint his house." 
"That's nice to hear."
"Tom and Mary still live in Boston." 
"Anything else would have surprised me really."
"Tom and Mary" is known as the world's most boring novel.
"Tom and Mary" merchandise is back in stock due to popular demand.
"Tom and Mary" was really a hopeless failure.
"Tom and Mary" was truly an irredeemable piece of trash.
"Tom asked me to marry him." 
"At last!"
"Tom became a digital citizen." 
"Tom has always been a sheep."
"Tom bought a one-way ticket." 
"Doesn't he want to come back to Boston?" "I hope so."
"Tom broke up with Mary." 
"Is that a bad thing?"
"Tom called me a communist." 
"So what? You are one." 
"Yeah but I'm mad that he used it as an insult."
"Tom called." 
"You don't say!"
"Tom can't come." 
"Surprised Pikachu face!"
"Tom can't drive." 
"How about you?" "I can't either."
"Tom can't live without rules." 
"Tom is a servant."
"Tom can't stand me." 
"Nonsense! You're just imagining things!"
"Tom can't stand me." 
"Rubbish! It's just your imagination!"
"Tom chopped up the manuscript like it was iceberg lettuce." 
"Sounds brutal." 
"It was, but it was also necessary."
"Tom didn't pass the exam." 
"No wonder. He hardly did any studying."
"Tom didn't want to play with me yesterday. Maybe he doesn't like me any more." 
"I'm sure he was just tired."
"Tom died of a heart attack." 
"Was he vaccinated?"
"Tom doesn't like living in Boston." 
"Then why doesn't he leave?"
"Tom doesn't like living in Boston." 
"Then why doesn't he move?"
"Tom doesn't like talking about Boston." 
"Then why does he keep doing it?"
"Tom doesn't like talking about Boston." 
"Then why does he?"
"Tom doesn't love me." 
"Well, boohoo."
"Tom doesn't speak French." 
"Neither does Mary."
"Tom drank three cups of coffee after dinner." 
"No wonder he couldn't sleep."
"Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates and one long-stemmed rose for her birthday." 
"That's really sweet."
"Tom got a new job." 
"What kind of job?"
"Tom got boobs." 
"Does he have boobs?" "No, he ordered them on the net."
"Tom got promoted." 
"Couldn't happen to a nicer guy!"
"Tom has been putting on some weight" "Yeah, I noticed that."
"Tom has cancer," his doctor said.
"Tom has given everything he had to the nursing staff." 
"Just what? His baseball card collection and wine bottles?"
"Tom has gotten me to do some pretty tedious work." 
"Again?"
"Tom has not been to work too late for weeks, and the work he's doing is said to be excellent." 
"I'm really glad to hear that. I've been very worried about him." 
"There is no reason for that anymore."
"Tom identifies as plural, polyamorous, enby otherkin." 
"Oh, that's a pretty extreme combo even for the cutting-edge SJW standards." 
"Come on, don't be such a fuddy-duddy!" "I don't know. It sounds very strange to me. I should probably watch more Netflix and spend more time on Mastodon to get used to such stuff. By the way, does he also identify as nudist?" "I don't think it's technically possible." 
"Why not? Isn't it marginalized enough?" "Because they're also an ardent member of the furry fandom. You won't often see them without a costume."
"Tom is a bad person." 
"In what way?"
"Tom is a great guy." 
"I couldn't agree with you more."
"Tom is a liar" — "That is certain."
"Tom is a liar." 
"That's possible."
"Tom is a liar." 
"You can say that!"
"Tom is a lost cause." 
"I just told you that. He's never going to change."
"Tom is a very cheerful person." 
"With all the weed he smokes, that doesn't surprise me."
"Tom is away." 
"What did you say?" "I said that Tom is away."
"Tom is crying." 
"I know."
"Tom is from Australia." 
"I thought he was from New Zealand."
"Tom is getting married." 
"Who's the lucky girl?"
"Tom is going to live with us." 
"Over my dead body!"
"Tom is likely to be late." 
"I think so, too."
"Tom is loved by everyone." 
"What did you say?" "Tom is loved by everyone."
"Tom is not in love with me." 
"Are you sure?"
"Tom is not that stupid." 
"Are you sure?"
"Tom is often absent from lessons." 
"But he leaves the house with his satchel every morning and comes back at midday." 
"Be that as it may, it's clear that he doesn't always spend the intervening time at school."
"Tom is only interested in one thing." 
"I know, right? All he ever talks about is speaking French in Boston."
"Tom is really embarrassed about yesterday's mishap." 
"As well he should be!"
"Tom is seriously getting on my nerves, I want to beat him to death." 
"Hey! Don't say such bad things."
"Tom is thirty years old." 
"He's not really that old, is he?"
"Tom is young." 
"How young is young?" "He's thirteen."
"Tom isn't here." 
"Then where is he?"
"Tom just rang urgently wanting to speak to you. His dad's had a heart attack." 
"That's terrible! How's he doing?" "He's out of danger."
"Tom killed Mary." 
"What did you say?" "I said Tom killed Mary."
"Tom knows." 
"He does? Did you tell him?"
"Tom knows." 
"He does? Did you tell him?" "No, he found out by himself."
"Tom likes Mary." 
"I think that's obvious to everyone."
"Tom likes Mary." 
"Tell me something I don't know."
"Tom likes Mary." 
"Yeah, I know."
"Tom likes it." 
"What?"
"Tom likes you." 
"What?"
"Tom lives in England." 
"He would say he lives in Scotland, not England."
"Tom lives two houses down from Mary." 
"That's pretty close."
"Tom lost all his money gambling." 
"Serves him right; when I was telling him not to play, he wasn't listening to me."
"Tom lost to a girl." 
"So did everyone else in his weight class at that tournament."
"Tom made me an offer of marriage." 
"At long last!"
"Tom must be wondering what's taking so long." 
"I'll go reassure him."
"Tom opens doors for me." 
"Tom? Tom, who took you to a posh nightclub in Munich and was skint after two cocktails? He'll open doors for you all right – trapdoors! How can you be so naive?"
"Tom proposed to me." 
"Finally!"
"Tom pulled off another one of his big heists! What did he do? For crying out loud, he robbed a goddamn bank!"
"Tom really speaks excellent French!" "No wonder! His mother is French."
"Tom refused, he refused, she refused, Yanni refused, Skura refused and Ziri refused." 
"What!? Is that a joke?"
"Tom said he's going to leave the company next week." 
"Woah! Wait a minute, that's quite a big deal isn't it?"
"Tom said he..." 
"I don't care what Tom said."
"Tom said such horrible things to me." 
"What horrible things, Mary?"
"Tom says he walked past us without us noticing him." 
"Why didn't he say hello?" "How should I know?"
"Tom seems in a good mood today." 
"Tom? That's hard to imagine." 
"Well, he is. He just said hello to me and smiled."
"Tom snores so loudly at night that I can't sleep in the same room as him." 
"Get some earplugs! They work wonders for me and John, and goodness knows he flattens whole forests at night. Even the neighbour hears him."
"Tom speaks excellent French!" "Do you wonder – his mum is French."
"Tom stole my wallet." 
"Are you sure about that?"
"Tom suddenly looks so neat. Why?" "One word: Mary."
"Tom told me that the Russian government has a 70% approval rate, so Russians must be happy with their authoritarian government." 
"How do you know those numbers weren't made up, though? It's definitely happened before."
"Tom wants someone to open the window." 
"Why doesn't that lazy dog do it himself?"
"Tom wants to share some of his pearls of wisdom with you." 
"He can keep his pearls of wisdom to himself!"
"Tom was able to convince Mary to help." 
"How did he do that?"
"Tom was at Joe Biden's inauguration." 
"Who's Joe Biden?"
"Tom was happy. "Not according to Mary."
"Tom was happy." 
"That's not what I heard from Mary."
"Tom was in a pitiful state." 
"Ohio?" "What?" "Was it Ohio?"
"Tom was killed in an automobile accident." 
"How horrible!"
"Tom was lying. I can tell." 
"How can you tell?"
"Tom was such an asshole last night." 
"Yeah, I guess he said to Mary that she ruined his life?" "I didn't even hear that one."
"Tom was the one who broke the window." 
"It figures. He's very careless."
"Tom will be here soon." 
"How soon?"
"Tom will buy that painting." 
"How can you be sure?"
"Tom will eventually do what he told us he'd do." 
"Yeah, right."
"Tom will help us tomorrow." 
"I wouldn't count on it."
"Tom will likely be late." 
"I think so, too."
"Tom will never be able to drop his prejudices against me." 
"Yes he will. Just give him time!"
"Tom will pay you all the money I owe you." 
"You'd better hope so."
"Tom will probably be late." 
"I think so, too."
"Tom will probably be late." 
"Yes, that's a possibility."
"Tom will translate French into English for free." 
"That's good to know."
"Tom won't stop meowing at me." 
"Your cat?" "Oh, no. Sorry. Tom's my husband."
"Tom would like a wet flannel." 
"What for?" "He didn't say."
"Tom would never lie." 
"If you knew, my dear, if you knew."
"Tom! Do you realise that these sentences are very self-centred: They always either begin with or end with you! Even both!" she reproached Tom.
"Tom! For crying out loud, what are you doing to my flowers?" "Flowers? You mean these weeds? You told me to pull them up!"
"Tom! It's been a while. Haven't you put on a little weight?" "Yeah, I haven't been able to get any exercise done at all lately."
"Tom! Oh how I've missed you." 
"Me too. At last we meet again."
"Tom! Speak of the devil! We were just talking about you!"
"Tom! Stop doing your homework. Go outside and play!" "No mom, I want to study ahead for the next test."
"Tom! Where are you?" "I'm here!" "But where is here?"
"Tom!" "Mary?" "Is it possible that we'll ever be closer than in this sentence?"
"Tom!" "Mary?" "Is it possible that we’ll ever be closer than in this sentence?"
"Tom!" "Oh, you're here, Mary. Since when?" "About an hour ago." 
"Seriously? I didn't notice you at all."
"Tom!" "Oh, you're here, Mary. Since when?" "About an hour ago." 
"Seriously? I had absolutely no idea."
"Tom!" "What?"
"Tom" is the name of Tom.
"Tom's a strange guy, isn't he?" "Well, it takes all kinds."
"Tom's already a quarter hour late." 
"Maybe he forgot that we'd arranged to meet." 
"I hope not."
"Tom's asked if we're going to his birthday party. It's on Friday. Do you want to go?" "I'll go if you go."
"Tom's back again." 
"Worse luck."
"Tom's better at cooking than me." 
"Everybody's better at cooking than you."
"Tom's completely gone off on one because of something stupid." 
"Oh, don't take it personally. He'll calm down. It's just stress."
"Tom's completely lost his rag because of some poxy thing." 
"Oh, you shouldn't take it personally. He'll calm down. It's just stress."
"Tom's cooking breakfast." 
"Should we call the fire department?"
"Tom's crying." 
"I know."
"Tom's death was an accident." 
"Are you sure?"
"Tom's gay." 
"What makes you think so?" "We were together tonight."
"Tom's gone!" "What? Disappeared?" "Yes, without a trace!"
"Tom's got a key. Who else has got one?" "No one apart from me."
"Tom's in town." 
"Tom's in town? That's handy! I've been meaning to give a book back to him."
"Tom's killing it! That's one crazy high score." 
"It's a fluke. He can't be that good."
"Tom's life is at stake." 
"Steak? Where?"
"Tom's losing his mind." 
"You can't lose what you never had."
"Tom's lying under the apple tree, asleep." 
"Wake him up, then! Asleep! At this time of day? Have you ever heard the like!"
"Tom's missed the train. He's not coming." 
"I see."
"Tom's mobile is ringing." 
"I can hear that. Get it and throw it out the window." 
"I can't do that!"
"Tom's not very smart, is he?" "No, he's smart; he's just... credulous."
"Tom's parents disowned him for marrying John." 
"Ah, you mean they were homophobic?" "No, no. Racist."
"Tom's sent me, Mary. Because you're not letting him set foot here any more, and because there's no other way for him to contact you, he's asked me to tell you how sorry he is, and to ask whether you might please forgive him. He's on his knees, he says, begging you from afar." 
"Go back to Tom and tell him he can jog on, and stay jogging till the end of time!"
"Tom's sitting down there." 
"It's a free country." 
"Don't you want to go and speak to him? He's definitely waiting for you." 
"Then he can keep waiting. If he wants something, he can come here."
"Tom's sitting down there." 
"So?" "Don't you want to go and talk to him? It's obvious he's waiting." 
"Then he can stay waiting. If he wants something, he can come here."
"Tom's skipping out on cleaning duty? Where did he go?" "He said something like, 'I'm going to go collect information for the school paper' and went to the cafeteria."
"Tom's the best violinist since Itzhak Perlman." 
"Who?"
"Tom, I am your father!" "Stop it, Mary. It's not funny."
"Tom, I can see your house -- from my sniper scope!" said Mary over her cell. Luckily for Tom it was just Mary wearing a Halloween costume and not a real ninja assassin calling him.
"Tom, I can't find the porcelain vase that my great-grandmother owned." 
"And you think I stole, I broke or I ate it? I suggest you search for it in the British Museum or the Vatican."
"Tom, I decided I don't like stoats anymore." 
"Really? Well then, I'm dumping you." 
"Wait, I was just joking!" "So was I. Of course I couldn't dump you like that, darling. But please do not say anything bad about stoats ever again."
"Tom, I have the feeling we're speaking different languages." 
"Что ты сказала, Мэри?"
"Tom, I have to tell you something. I love someone. His name starts with T and ends with M." 
"Er, who would that be? Is it someone I know?"
"Tom, I have to tell you something. I love someone. His name starts with TO and ends with M." 
"Er, who would that be? Is it someone I know?"
"Tom, I heard you built your own house." 
"Er, yeah. It's only small though." 
"You're underselling yourself again."
"Tom, I need to speak to you about something." 
"Oh? Anything serious?" "A bit."
"Tom, I'm feeling a bit peckish. Make us a little snack, will you?" "Certainly, madam."
"Tom, I'm hungry." 
"Me too."
"Tom, I'm shot real bad. I can't carry on much longer if the bleeding doesn't stop."
"Tom, John's on the phone." 
"I'm not here!"
"Tom, John's on the phone." 
"I'm not in!"
"Tom, Mary, thank you, both of you!" "Tom deserves all the credit. I didn't do a thing."
"Tom, Mom says it's my turn on the computer." 
"Get your own."
"Tom, a brain worm is starting to infect tuna in the world's oceans," said Mary. "I'm not sure if that is true or if I just made that up. Maybe I have brain worms."
"Tom, a proper hunger strike does not include protein-style hamburgers," said Mary.
"Tom, are we lost?" "That depends on what your definition of 'lost' is."
"Tom, are you downstairs?" "No, I'm upstairs."
"Tom, are you okay?" "Yeah, I just spaced out for a second."
"Tom, are you really a furry?" "Yep!", Tom said as he put his hand on his chest proudly.
"Tom, aren't you a LARPer?" "No! I'm a World War II reenactor! Stop calling me that!"
"Tom, aren't you hot with long sleeves?" "It's better than freezing." 
"Really? Wow."
"Tom, aren't you warm in long sleeves?" "I'd rather be like this than cold." 
"Really? Unbelievable."
"Tom, can you hear me?" "Yes. I'm not deaf."
"Tom, clean your room." 
"I'll do it later."
"Tom, could you lend me your electronic dictionary?" "Yeah, no problem. Here you go." 
"Thank you!"
"Tom, did you catch the flu? Are you alright? I hope it's not actually COVID!" "Nah, I'm fine. Thanks."
"Tom, do you fancy a game of chess?" "No, not any more today, Mary. I'm tired and I want to go to bed."
"Tom, do you feel like walking downtown and getting dinner?" "No, I'm too tired from sightseeing. Let's order room service."
"Tom, do you happen to know where my headache tablets are?" "Aren't they on the bedside table?" "No, I've already looked and they're not there." 
"I don't know where they are, then, either."
"Tom, do you have school today?" "No, classes were canceled because of the typhoon."
"Tom, do you know what kind of script this is?" "Probably Tibetan, but I can't read a bit of it."
"Tom, do you know what kind of writing this is?" "Probably Tibetan, but I can't read a bit of it."
"Tom, do you love me?" "Sure, I do."
"Tom, do you still love me?" "Of course, I do."
"Tom, do you usually write 'kawaii' in kanji or hiragana?" "I prefer hiragana. It feels more soft."
"Tom, doesn't Mary have a boyfriend?" "No, why?" "I think I'm in love with her."
"Tom, don't drink that!" "But you said it was a cocktail." 
"It's a Molotov cocktail!"
"Tom, don't point with your pickle when you talk," said Mary.
"Tom, go clean your room." 
"My friends are waiting for me. Can't I do it later?"
"Tom, have some more salad." 
"I don't eat that rabbit food!"
"Tom, have you got a problem with me?" "Not at all. I'm not fussed about you either way." 
"Glad we've cleared that up!"
"Tom, how do you spell Mississippi?" "The river or the state?"
"Tom, how would you translate the title of the famous book 'The Thousand and One Nights' into Toki Pona?" "Perhaps 'tenpo pimeja ale suli en tenpo pimeja wan'."
"Tom, hurry up!" "I'm coming!"
"Tom, hurry up." 
"I'm coming!"
"Tom, if I ever hear again that you've been teasing John at school, I'll give you what for! Do I make myself clear, young man?" "Yes, Mum."
"Tom, is that okay? I hope I was able to answer your question." 
"That's perfect! Thanks."
"Tom, is that you?" "Hello, Mum. It's me."
"Tom, is that you?" "Hi mom, it's me."
"Tom, is that you?" "No, it's not me."
"Tom, it's been a long time! Do you remember me?" "Of course I do! You're Mary! That's right, isn't it?" "So you do remember me! I'm so glad!"
"Tom, it's said you've lost your hearing aid." 
"Nope! I don't like Mexican food."
"Tom, my clothing line is anti-fashion," said Mary.
"Tom, on the news, I heard that an octopus was able to escape from the San Francisco Aquarium by picking a lock, making a catapult from office supplies, and calling a taxi," said Mary.
"Tom, pick up all your dirty clothes. This is the narrator," said Mary. "Is there a narrator in here somewhere?" said Tom, looking around.
"Tom, please, calm down," said Mary.
"Tom, say 'I love you'." 
"Er, what?" "Say 'I love you'." 
"Why?" "Just because!" "I love you." 
"Ta!" "What's that all about?" "Oh, nothing! Think nothing of it."
"Tom, say please…" "Please!"
"Tom, say that you love me." 
"Wh-, what?" "Say that you love me." 
"Why?" "Just do it." 
"....I love you." 
"Thanks." 
"What was that all about?" "Nothing. Don't worry about it."
"Tom, say to me, please ..." - "Please!"
"Tom, tell me one of the properties of water!" "When I wash myself with it, it turns black!"
"Tom, the biscuit barrel is empty!" "What? What biscuit barrel?" "You know exactly what biscuit barrel I mean!"
"Tom, there is something I want to talk to you about..." 
"Yes, what is it? Is it something serious?" "Yes, sort of..."
"Tom, there was a book on my desk. Have you moved it?" "Yeah, I've put it on the shelf with the others."
"Tom, there's a zombie at the door to see you." 
"Thanks, Mary. That must be Todd."
"Tom, were there a lot of people absent at your work today?" "No, why do you ask?"
"Tom, were you awake during the earthquake?" "What, there was an earthquake?" "Yes, it was a little after 1:30. It was a fairly large tremor." 
"Really? I slept through it just like normal."
"Tom, what are you doing?" "Nothing."
"Tom, what are you doing?" "The washing-up. Can't you see?"
"Tom, what are you doing?" "What does it look like I'm doing?"
"Tom, what are you doing?" "What does it look like?"
"Tom, what are you saying?" "I think you know exactly what I'm saying."
"Tom, what is political correctness?" "What? It can just be a bad joke. Politics and correctness are like fire and water."
"Tom, what is this between you and stoats?" "Nothing much, really. I simply find them very fascinating." 
"But you're making references to stoats all the time in your speech, and spend most of your free time studying stoat behaviour. Isn't that a bit obsessive?" "It's just my personal hobby. Can't a man have a hobby?"
"Tom, what is your dog's name?" asked his neighbor.
"Tom, what's Jane doing in our wardrobe?" "It's not the way it looks! I can explain everything!" "Well, I'm all ears!"
"Tom, what's the probability of you meeting a dinosaur on the street tomorrow?" "50%." 
"How so?" "Well, either I meet one or I don't."
"Tom, what's your dream for the future?" "I want to become a stay-at-home dad."
"Tom, where's my coffee got to?" "Coming. There in a minute."
"Tom, why are you always going to bed late?" "My stupid French class gives me hours of homework, and I can't catch a break."
"Tom, why are you calling me Mary?" "Aren't you Mary?" "I'm not Mary, I'm Marie!"
"Tom, why do you use the word "some" so much?" asked Mary.
"Tom, why does Switzerland keep invading other European countries -- with their dance crazes?" said Mary.
"Tom, would you help me?" "Me? Are you out of your mind? Of course not."
"Tom, would you like to be a billionaire?" "Oh, I don't want to rule over the whole world."
"Tom, would you massage my feet?" "Me massaging your feet? Never!"
"Tom, you are allowed to grow a mutton chop beard, but you will be fined five dollars every working day," said his employer.
"Tom, you do know this is a public forum, don't you? Throwing a hissy fit because people happened to misinterpret your Facebook post makes you seem controlling and humourless, and more or less guarantees still more mocking responses."
"Tom, you gave me the small piece. That's not very polite. If I had two pieces of cake, I'd offer you the big piece and take the small one for myself." 
"Well, you already have the small piece, John."
"Tom, you idiot." 
"I don't want to be called an idiot by an idiot, idiot."
"Tom, you look kind of green." 
"Do I?" "Is something wrong?" "There's nothing wrong."
"Tom, you see that I'm busy with my model train. Go bother Mom!" "But Mom says I should go bother you! Can I play, too?"
"Tom, you seriously need to focus." 
"Look who's talking."
"Tom, you talk for 20 minutes of every 30 minutes of conversation. Could you talk less?" "Wow, the woke mob is really after me for my opinions."
"Tom, you translated this, right?" "Yeah, why?" "What's 'modemism'?" "I dunno, but it was written in the text." 
"Really?" "Really! Take a look!" "Ah, wait, but it says 'modernism'!"
"Tom, you're an alcoholic." 
"I'm not an alcoholic! Alcoholics go to meetings! I'm a drunk!"
"Tom, you're bi, aren't you?" "I prefer the term ambisextrous."
"Tom, you're blushing." 
"No, I'm not."
"Tom, you're late." 
"Fashionably so."
"Tom, you're pretending to be asleep, aren't you?" "No, I'm asleep." 
"A sleeping person shouldn't be able to answer, you know?"
"Tom, you've got to give me that book back." 
"But didn't you give it to me as a present?" "I did, but it wasn't mine to give. I borrowed it from Mary years ago, and now she wants it back."
"Tom, your dinner's getting cold." 
"Just a minute. I'll be right there."
"Tom, your dinner's getting cold." 
"Just a minute. I'm coming."
"Tom, your stomach is rumbling." 
"Yes, I know. I haven't eaten all day." 
"You poor man!"
"Tom. So you've come after all," remarked Mary, glancing at her watch. "I'm afraid we've already polished off the soup." 
"Oh, that's all right, Mary," replied Tom. "I wasn't hungry anyway."
"Tom." 
"John." 
"Pleasure." 
"All mine."
"Tom? Did something happen?" "No. I just wanted to hear your voice."
"Tom? I thought you were dead." 
"I am."
"Tom? That liar's in my bad book."
"Tom? Tom Jackson?" "The very same."
"Tom? What are you doing here?" "I could ask you the same thing, Mary."
"Tom? What the hell are you doing here?" "What about you? How come you're here?"
"Tom?" "Yes, what's up?" "Don't ask. Just come here."
"Tomorrow is Wednesday or Thursday?" "Tomorrow is Wednesday."
"Tomorrow your wish will come true." 
"And what is it?" "Tomorrow you will cease to be a Marionette and will become a real boy."
"Tomorrow's a new day," the optimist says.
"Too much garlic" is an oxymoron.
"Top-down economics never works," said Obama. "The country does not succeed when just those at the very top are doing well. We succeed when the middle class gets bigger, when it feels greater security."
"Touched by his tearful plea, / we asked his race, what tidings, good or ill, / he brings, for hope, perchance, may cheer a captive still."
"Toward a Comparative Japanese-Austronesian I" by Takao Kawamoto demonstrates that Japanese is cognate with the Austronesian family of languages, the Pacific languages. The demonstration bases itself on pairing a few hundreds of words of Old Japanese (OJ) with words of Proto-Austronesian (PA) or one of its branches. What was this world like in those ancient times? I have heard theories that in ancient Pre-Columbian times, Pacific Islanders made voyages reaching as far as the Pacific coasts of the Americas. I believe such did happen. So, there were likely contacts between Polynesian tribes and Amerindian tribes. "Linguistic Evidence for a Prehistoric Polynesia—Southern California Contact Event" by Kathryn Klar and Terry L. Jones expounds on the theme, mentioning the Amerindian language groups Chumashan and Gabrielino in southern California. Some Pre-Columbian contact between the Americas and Polynesia is evident from the ubiety of the South American sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas) in Polynesian archaeological sites, most notably from Mangaia, Cook Islands (circa 1000 CE).
"Towns yet for us in Sicily remain, / and arms, and, sprung from Trojan sires of yore, / our kinsman there, Acestes, holds his reign."
"Trans ideology" was made up by the right.
"Trans people need to seek mental health treatment." 
"I did. They referred me to a doctor who gave me a prescription for HRT."
"Translate this sentence and no one gets hurt," said the gangster.
"Trasianka" will be equalized with Belarusian language during the census.
"Treat others as you would like to be treated" should be accompanied with the corollary "Be reasonable."
"Trees haven't souls," said practical Diana, "but the smell of dead fir is certainly lovely."
"Trees haven't souls," said practical Diana.
"Trouble?" "What makes you think that?" "I heard you on the phone." 
"You shouldn't have been listening!"
"Troy once more / shakes off her ten years' sorrow. Open stand / the gates. With joy to the abandoned shore, / the places bare of foes, the Dorian lines we pour."
"Trump wants to buy Greenland." 
"Why doesn't he try to buy Australia instead?"
"Trust me, Jack!" she cried.
"Trust me," he said.
"Try this." 
"What is it?" "It's couscous."
"Try to be more careful." 
"OK, I will."
"Tubī daor" means "not today" in High Valyrian.
"Tuck in!" said Tom, opening the buffet.
"Tuesday evening!" I exclaimed. "And this is Thursday morning. Why didn't you go down yesterday?" "Because I made a blunder, my dear Watson--which is, I am afraid, a more common occurrence than any one would think who only knew me through your memoirs."
"Turn off the TV and go to bed." 
"But Dad..." 
"Didn't you just hear what I said?"
"Turn there." 
"Where?"
"Tutorial on Estelle and Early Testing" is an article that talks about Estelle, a computer language that I was involved with in university summer work.
"Twice seven nymphs have I, beautiful to see; / one, Deiopeia, fairest of the fair, / in lasting wedlock will I link to thee, / thy life-long years for such deserts to share, / and make thee parent of an offspring fair."
"Two dragonflies are mating on your head." 
"I didn't feel them landing. Are they still on my hair?" "No, they just took flight again." 
"Oh, now I see them. How beautiful they are!"
"Two kilos of apples, please, but not too big, 'cos they'll be too heavy to carry!" were the words in a speech bubble spoken by a little girl in a picture on a fruit seller's market stall.
"Two plus two equals five." 
"Yes, you are a fucking math genius, my friend."
"Typical man!" she said. "You never remember what you've promised."
"Télé" is short for "télévision".
"UN" stands for "United Nations".
"USSR" stands for "Union of Soviet Socialist Republics".
"Ugh! There's veg in that!" "What? That's exactly why it's so good!"
"Ugh, my head!" "Well, you were necking that whisky last night."
"Uh... um..." 
"What's happening, Link?" "I can't choose." 
"There is no time. Your instinct is enough." 
"Of course!"
"Um, excuse me, but do you think maybe someone could ask that person to be quiet?" "Why don't you go ahead and ask them yourself? It might be good practice for you."
"Um, teach?" "Yes, Tom?" "I think I broke the flask."
"Um, was Tom already here?" "Yeah, he arrived a bit too early."
"Um, what day was it today again?" "August 5th."
"Um, what's this?" "It's a bird?" "Oh."
"Uncopyrightable" is the longest word in the English language which does not repeat any letters.
"Under what circumstances was the body discovered?" asked the commissioner.
"Under what circumstances was the body discovered?" asked the policeman.
"Unfortunately the frankfurters split open when I was boiling them." 
"It doesn't matter, Tom. They still taste good."
"Unhand me, woman," said Peter, but she immediately took his arm again.
"United Russia" is a party of swindlers and thieves.
"United'll win." 
"Nah." 
"I'd put a fiver on it." 
"Bet you a tenner they won't."
"Unlock the door." 
"You're not going anywhere. Get in the back."
"Until you make the subconscious conscious, it will rule your life and you will call it fate," said Carl Gustave Jung.
"Up to this point has been the official story, which Kirika also knows." 
"By which you mean there is also an unofficial?"
"Up yours," said the frog.
"Use your key." 
"My key doesn't work."
"Use your words," his mother told him when he tried to strike his brother.
"V" is a preposition.
"Vaishnava Jana To" was one of Gandhi's favourite bhajans.
"Val!" he shouted when he recognized her.
"Valar dohaeris" means "All men must serve" in High Valyrian.
"Valar morghulis" means "All men must die" in High Valyrian.
"Valse de la Lune" was composed by Yoko Kanno.
"Vanity of vanities," says the Preacher; "Vanity of vanities, all is vanity."
"Vasya Pupkin" sounds much worse than "John Doe", and it does not mean quite the same thing, either.
"Vaya" means "wow," "baya" means "berry," and "valla" means "fence."
"Venus is always overcast." 
"That's a bit of an understatement."
"Verbal power" shouldn't be confused with "insult".
"Vikings" is a historical series.
"Viktor, your name rhymes with 'winter.'" "Indeed!"
"Virginia, a wife shouldn't keep secrets from her husband." 
"Oh? But you are keeping secrets from me, are you not? Or did you think I didn't know about you and Mary?" "But Virginia!" "No buts! Leave my house this instant and pester Mary with your male chauvinism, you cad!"
"Virginia, a wife shouldn't keep secrets from her husband." 
"Really? But you're keeping secrets from me, aren't you! Or did you think I didn't know about you and Mary?" "But Virginia!" "No buts! Get out of my house now and pester Mary with your male chauvinism, you git!"
"Vladimir lived in Nigeria." 
"Algeria, not Nigeria."
"Vos" means "no" in Dothraki.
"WHy would you go out of your way to do that?"
"Wait a second." 
"I don't have a second."
"Wait – where are you going?" "Call of nature." 
"What?" "The loo!"
"Wait, have you washed the lettuce?" "Stop worrying over the little things."
"Wait, hold up a second!" "What's wrong?" "I got some sand in my shoes."
"Wait, isn't this the place we were at a moment ago? " "That's right. We came back. That's strange."
"Wait, you're Sean Connery!" "Yes." 
"Big fan!"
"Waiter, there's a fly swimming in my soup!" "Then we've served you too much soup. The fly should be wading."
"Waiting for Spring" is a novel by Soseki, isn't it?
"Waiting for Spring" is a novel by Soseki, isn’t it?
"Waitress, what's this fly doing in my soup?" "Looks to me to be backstroke, sir!"
"Wake up!" "I am awake!"
"Wakey wakey! It's twenty past eight. Haven't you got to go to work today?" "I didn't hear the alarm."
"Walakum-us-Salam, Al-Sayib!" Dima replied, but raised the volume on his phone this time, so as to avoid making this a duplicate sentence. "What are you up to these days?"
"Walakum-us-Salam, Al-Sayib!" Dima replied. "What are you up to these days?"
"Walking with Dinosaurs — The Live Experience" uses life-size models of Tyrannosaurus, Stegosaurus and 13 other extinct dinosaurs to realistically re-create an era when these giants roamed the Earth.
"Wanna biscuit?" "Yeah, sure."
"Wanna cookie?" "Yeah, sure."
"Wanna go karaoke?" "Sorry, later."
"Wanna hear a dirty joke?" "Sure." 
"A pig fell in a mud puddle."
"Wanna join us?" "Don't really feel like it."
"Wanna wake 'n bake?" "I have work."
"Want a beer?" "Beer? No thank you; I don't touch the stuff."
"Want me to turn off the computer?" "Leave it on. I'm still using it."
"Want some cake?" "No, thanks, I'm on a diet."
"Want some gum?" "No, thanks. I don't want my filling to come loose."
"Want to come and have a look?" "Have a look at what?"
"Want to do a shot?" "No, thanks. I'm on medication."
"Want to drop round my place?" "Can I?" "My parents come home late as they both work."
"Want to go in the sauna?" "Sure." 
"It's going to be dry and hot." 
"I know what a sauna is."
"Want to go swimming in the lake?" "Is the Pope Catholic?"
"Want to have a cig?" "I just had one."
"Want to share a vanilla ice cream?" - "Oh yes!"
"Was Bill in Japan?" "Yes, he was."
"Was Dorcas there, then?" "Of course not. She 'happened to be near the door'."
"Was Lennon a communist?" "What do you mean? He led the revolution and was the first leader of the Soviet Union. Of course Lenin was a communist."
"Was Tom actually at the lecture or not?" "I don't think he was. I didn't see him."
"Was Tom drunk?" "Probably not."
"Was anyone with you?" "No, I was alone."
"Was anyone with you?" "No, I was by myself."
"Was anyone with you?" "No, I was on my own."
"Was he right?" "No, he was mistaken."
"Was he right?" "No, he'd got it wrong."
"Was he wrong?" "No, he was right."
"Was her name Skura?" "How did you know that?"
"Was it Tom who gave us this video?" "No, it wasn't."
"Was it a hyena?" "Who can say for sure?"
"Was it a large one?" inquired Tom.
"Was it a piano?" she wondered.
"Was it easy?" "It was relatively hard. I thought it would be easier."
"Was it hard to persuade Tom?" "Yes, it was very hard."
"Was it that bad?" "It was bearable. Better than I'd feared. Quite good, actually."
"Was it your custom always to lock yourselves in at night?" "Always." 
"And why?" "I think that I mentioned to you that the doctor kept a cheetah and a baboon. We had no feeling of security unless our doors were locked."
"Was not Pallas Athena able to burn the fleet of the Argives, and drown them in the sea, because of the crime and the madness of one man, Ajax son of Oileus?"
"Was she a high school student?" "Yes, she was."
"Was that a warning?" Dan asked Linda.
"Was that one of the bad guys?" "Yes, it sure was."
"Was that really necessary?" "It's fan service."
"Was that the right thing to do?" "No."
"Was that your girlfriend?" "No. It was my wife."
"Was the dog under the table?" "Yes."
"Was the film funny?" "Yeah, it was amazing! I was laughing so hard my stomach hurt!"
"Was the food to your liking?" "Yes, it was very good."
"Was the world made by chance?" "Certainly not."
"Was the world made by chance?" "Surely not."
"Was there a dead body in the room?" "No, there was no body there."
"Was there a girl in the gym?" "Yes, there is."
"Was there any homework for tomorrow again?" "Sorry, I don't know. Ask someone else."
"Was there anybody in the room?" "No, there was nobody there."
"Was this your ideal?" "No, it was Mary's"
"Was your sister dressed?" "No, she was in her night-dress."
"Washboard abs" sounds better than "clearly-defined rectus abdominis muscles".
"Washington is the capital of the United States." 
"Says the nerd."
"Wasn't it cold in winter?" "No, we were snug as a bug in a rug."
"Watch out for the trap!" she screamed.
"Watch out!" the girl shouted wildly.
"Water scarcity is a major threat to economic growth and stability around the world," according to World Bank President Jim Yong Kim, "and climate change is making the problem worse."
"Water the flowers in the garden." 
"But it's raining." 
"Take an umbrella, then!"
"We Westerners run the world!" "Not anymore."
"We are going well," said he, looking out the window and glancing at his watch. "Our rate at present is fifty-three and a half miles an hour."
"We are in a race," Ravel said. "We're fighting this battle constantly, and we just can't put our guard down.”
"We are in the beginning of a mass extinction," she said, "and all you can talk about is money and fairy tales of eternal economic growth. How dare you!"
"We are in the middle of a war", said the President.
"We are lost!" the captain shouted as he staggered down the stairs.
"We are not afraid of you." 
"But you should be!"
"We are not hangmen to torture a prisoner till he confesses," observed some one in a quiet and rather indolent tone.
"We are now in the situation of 100% work from home for a huge number of employees in corporate America,” DeGrippo said.
"We are putting the sand in the sacks and are placing it around our house," explains 16-year-old Adam Bodor, who is helping his father and mother to protect their two story family home.
"We ate spaghetti and pizza." 
"What else did you eat?" "We also ate apple pie and ice cream."
"We belong together. Do you think?" "Yes, I do."
"We beseech, we implore the administration to work with us to nominate someone who Democrats can support and who America can be proud of," he added.
"We broke up." 
"Sorry, I didn't know."
"We buy the power from the company at a rate that saves us money in the long run, and it is less expensive than buying power from our local utility company," he said.
"We came here on business," said Stamford, sitting down on a high three-legged stool, and pushing another one in my direction with his foot.
"We came here," they said, "to hunt, and having fastened our boat to the shore with a withfe of osiers, we roamed about with our dogs in search of game. In the meantime this young man's goats came to the shore and ate the osiers that secured our boat, whereby it was lost."
"We can do that today." 
"Or anything else for that matter."
"We can save on translations by giving it to an employee whose mother speaks that language." 
"And I suppose you save on the cost of a doctor by seeing someone whose mother had been a doctor?"
"We can't write any more," explained the grandmother I met in the old people's home. "Our hands are far too stiff and shaky, and our eyes don't want to work properly now, either. And what have we got to write about, anyway?" she laughed.
"We come in peace." 
"Why are you all carrying weapons, then?"
"We come not hither with the sword to rend / your Libyan homes, and shoreward drive the prey. / Nay, no such violence our thoughts intend, / such pride suits not the vanquished."
"We do not work for gain," answered the Fox. "We work only to enrich others."
"We don't affirm schizophrenia, so why affirm gender dysphoria?" "Gender dysphoria isn't considered a mental illness anymore, but in any case, the research does not tell us to affirm schizophrenia, unlike gender dysphoria. If affirming were the best treatment for schizophrenia, we would do it."
"We don't give discounts," the woman said sternly. "Regardless how small. Now, please take off the suit if you can't afford it."
"We don't need a dog." 
"Really? Not even this one?" "Oh, this one is so cute!"
"We don't tell our kids that we love them, but express our affection in other ways, for example, by encouraging them to perform better in school." 
"This is the most Asian thing I've ever heard, Yumi."
"We don’t give discounts," the woman said sternly. "Regardless how small. Now, please take off the suit if you can’t afford it."
"We don’t have any rocks on Earth that are older than about 4 billion years old, so we don’t know exactly how much volcanic activity there was or how heavily Earth was bombarded by asteroids” said Barbara Cohen, a planetary scientist who heads Goddard’s Mid-Atlantic Noble Gas Research Laboratory.
"We eat couscous." 
"What is couscous?" "It's an Algerian dish."
"We expected to have over 5000 people taking part, but only five came." 
"Who was responsible for publicity?" "Well, no one. We just thought word would get round."
"We finally decided on a name for him." 
"Let me guess, Tom?" "How did you know?"
"We found that physical activity has the potential to preserve the volume of the hippocampus in those with increased risk for Alzheimer's disease, which means we can possibly delay cognitive decline and the onset of dementia symptoms in these individuals," he said.
"We get thousands of e-mails and letters every year from people who are so passionate about Mavin, about what we are doing, what we represent, and how we affirm who they are," he says.
"We got some weird mail from Amazon. What should I do?" "Just leave it there and don't do anything."
"We grew up in a crowded house," she explained, "so we spent a lot of time in the public library, which was spacious."
"We have a lot of things to do." 
"Such as?"
"We have a pope." 
"I'm sorry."
"We have a problem." 
"What sort of problem?"
"We have a simple message for all countries: test, test, test. Test every suspected COVID-19 case," Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, director of the WHO, said in a press briefing Monday.
"We have already seen some alarming indications that, for example, Amazonian rain forest ecosystem, which used to be a major sink of carbon, has become now a source of carbon, which is alarming," Taalas said. "And this is related to deforestation in the area and also changes in local climate because of this deforestation."
"We have carried the day, Sir!" exclaimed the adjutant to the general as the heavy cavalry smashed through the opposing lines.
"We have driven well," said she, "but why do you tremble? here, creep into my warm fur." Then she seated him beside her in the sledge, and as she wrapped the fur around him.
"We have made the decision to close the academic program at our Florence campus and assist our students with returning to the United States,” announced Syracuse University on Wednesday.
"We have no doubt his liberality is well represented by his surviving partner," said the gentleman, presenting his credentials.
"We have nothing more to teach you," said the mushrooms.
"We have to accept that Charlie is a television superhero," Devlin says. "He's an iconic representation of all the mathematicians out there who consult for the FBI and for the law enforcement agencies. So he encapsulates the whole of the mathematical community and personifies it."
"We have to do it." 
"I think that's just a presumption."
"We have to do this now." 
"There's no time."
"We have to ensure that we have safety nets or approaches that can help cushion the blow for people who do get displaced by technology," Rodgers says.
"We have to go to the supermarket today, since tomorrow there will be too many people," thought all the inhabitants of the city.
"We have to reignite the spark of love between Tom and Mary," John said. "We can't let them split up!"
"We have to tell Tom about that now." 
"That's not an option."
"We haven't got water." 
"We haven't got water either."
"We haven't outstayed our welcome, I hope?" "No, it's fine. We always go to bed this late."
"We haven't overstayed our welcome, I hope?" "No, it's fine. We always go to bed late like this."
"We haven't seen each other in a long time, Tom! Have you put on a little weight?" "Yes, lately I haven't been able to get myself to move around at all."
"We haven't seen each other since 2009." 
"Has it been that long?"
"We hoped that the gene discovery would someday lead to effective treatments for children and adults with cystic fibrosis," Francis Collins wrote. "Now, 30 years later, that time has come."
"We keep making choices to borrow from the future to live well today," said Jake Rice, Canada's chief government scientist for fisheries and oceans.
"We kiss and make out all the time." 
"What's wrong with it?"
"We kissed last night." 
"You what?!"
"We kissed." 
"You what?"
"We know it took place over three days sometime between mid-September and early November in 1621, and was considered a harvest celebration following a successful planting of multicolored flint corn, or maize," says Sheehan.
"We know nothing about Africa." 
"About what?"
"We know that deforestation and land degradation are affecting the well-being of at least 3.2 billion people across the world and costing more than 10 percent of annual global GDP in lost ecosystem services," Wilkie said.
"We like diversity." 
"Do you really think so?"
"We like diversity." 
"Perhaps you do, but I don't."
"We live so happily, my fair ones, in our forest glades," said Ak, stroking his grizzled beard thoughtfully, "that we know nothing of the sorrow and misery that fall to the lot of those poor mortals who inhabit the open spaces of the earth."
"We looked so happy." 
"Pictures lie."
"We must digitize these documents to preserve them for future generations." 
"But what if the data is lost or becomes unreadable by future technology? Books require no technology to read, and are immune to technological change." 
"Details, details."
"We must fight to the last drop of our blood," resumed the colonel while hitting the table, "and die for our Emperor!"
"We must go and fetch fire," said the first. "The only house near is a hut in the forest, where a Baba Yaga lives. One of us must go and borrow fire from her."
"We must make our start at once," said Jefferson Hope, speaking in a low but resolute voice.
"We must smash the dwarves." - "But we are the dwarves!" - "Oh... right."
"We need an actionable plan!"
"We need more synergy." 
"What does that mean?"
"We need some form of communism." 
"What do you mean?"
"We need to be manly men, like the Greeks and Romans." 
"I agree. Bend over."
"We need to call him." 
"I'm on it."
"We need to cross the river." 
"How about the horses?"
"We need to do that soon." 
"How soon?"
"We need to get ready for the party." 
"Oh, was that tonight?"
"We need to get rid of the body," said Tom.
"We need to go." 
"We who?"
"We need to help Kyrgyzstan," said Putin to Hu Jintao... in my dream.
"We need to know if you need a front wing." 
"I can't see the damage, I don't know." 
"Jenson, tell me if you need a front wing." 
"I don't know! Check the car when I come past." 
"Roger that... It looks okay, it looks okay. Yeah, the front wing is fine."
"We need to step up climate action," said Nullis. "We need to step up the level of ambition. We are not doing really enough to stay within the targets of the Paris agreement and keep temperatures below two degrees Celsius, even 1.5 degrees Celsius by the end of the century.”
"We need to talk." 
"I don't need to talk to you anymore."
"We need to talk." 
"We do?" "Yes."
"We need to talk." 
"What do you need?" "I'm pregnant."
"We need to teach him a lesson." 
"And how are we going to do that?" "I have an idea."
"We never had this conversation." 
"What conversation?"
"We never hid our idea; never could there be even the smallest doubt about it, because everything spoke about it."
"We not only help them preserve the wildlife, at the same time, we're disrupting criminal organizations, and we're helping them develop a better future," Air Force Colonel Chris Karns, director of public affairs for U.S. Africa Command, told VOA.
"We now have people who have been on ventilators for 20, 30 days," Cuomo said. "The longer you are on a ventilator, the more likely you are not going to come off the ventilator. That is what is happening."
"We really appreciate you for helping us." 
"Of course you do."
"We recognize Aunt Jemima's origins are based on a racial stereotype. While work has been done over the years to update the brand in a manner intended to be appropriate and respectful, we realize those changes are not enough," spokeswoman Kristin Kroepfl said.
"We rue the loss of the species in terms of the information, the potential, maybe, for pharmaceutical products that are not known yet, and just because they are part of the natural heritage of the planet," he said.
"We scanned the alien lifeform, and it seems to be silicon-based." 
"Amazing!"
"We searched the spacecraft centimetre by centimetre, and still, there's no sign of the xenomorph." 
"Yikes!"
"We should leave him alone." 
"That's probably for the best."
"We should meet." 
"Sure. You pick the place."
"We shouldn't call each other anymore." 
"Why?" "I think I'm falling in love with you and this is so wrong."
"We shouldn't have to wait too much time with the honeymoon, darling", said the mayfly.
"We slept together?" "It doesn't look like we slept together."
"We stand with the Iranian people." 
"And what about us, Ukrainians?"
"We still got 2 kilometers left to climb." 
"How much is that in feet?" "Like, a shitload man."
"We still have time for all that." 
"When? When I get old and sick?"
"We suffer half in our youth, the other half in our old age", our writer Amar Mezdad likes to remind us.
"We think Justin Bieber is a beautiful female singer.", haters said.
"We think we have an idea of what the risks are," Howett said; however, she added, "whenever you explore somewhere new, there are some hazards."
"We thought you were dead." 
"I thought so too."
"We thought you were dead." 
"That's what I thought too."
"We tried calling your house several times and no one picked up." 
"But my mom always answers the phone."
"We tried to get together, like, at least once a week." 
"And who all do you play with?"
"We tried to meet at least once a week." 
"And who are all those that you play with?"
"We use the word Pharisee for sanctimonious types, or for those who commit the sin of adding to scripture." 
"Wow; I've always called those types Christians."
"We want another baby." 
"That's great. Just go for it."
"We welcome U.S. reaffirmation of long-standing ties with Pakistan," Sharif's office said in response to remarks by White House press secretary Jen Psaki on Monday in which she underscored the criticality of Washington's ties with Islamabad regardless of its leader.
"We were all children once." 
"Even Nana?" "Yes, even Nana." 
"That I don't believe!"
"We were asked, 'Can you smile for eight hours straight?' We all said yes, of course,” she told VOA, “but it turns out it’s harder than you think.”
"We were invited to their wedding." 
"Is that so? Well, what are you going to get them?"
"We were too much in love." 
"Yes, that we were."
"We weren't rich, but we could have whatever we wanted." 
"That sounds like you were rich, Tom."
"We who have followed o'er the billowy brine / thee and thine arms, since Ilion sank in flame, / will raise thy children to the stars, and name / thy walls imperial. Thou build them meet / for heroes. Shrink not from thy journey's aim, / though long the way."
"We will have no tolerance for price gouging," stated the energy secretary.
"We wish to create a neutral basis on which the various peoples of humanity could be peacefully and fraternally communicating with each other, not reciprocally imposing racial compartmentalization on each other."
"We won't be able to do that here." 
"Or anywhere else, for that matter."
"We won't be allowed to do that." 
"Or anything else, for that matter."
"We'd like a beer." 
"Just one beer?"
"We'll create a problem that doesn't really exist. But we'll make people believe that it does. And we'll offer a solution, but in fact we won't do anything", said Tom Jackson.
"We'll have to amputate." 
"What will he say when he wakes up?"
"We'll have to live with it." 
"But I don't want to live with it!"
"We'll raise our kids Muslim." 
"I'm OK with it."
"We'll see", said the blind man.
"We're a bit early, aren't we?" "Let's find a café or something and kill some time there."
"We're all God's children." 
"I'm not."
"We're all gay here." 
"I'm not." 
"You're not?" "No, why would you think I was?" "This is a gay support group." 
"It is?"
"We're almost out of food..." 
"She's gone to the store." 
"Who's she? The cat's mother?"
"We're already a family." 
"Yes, but not officially."
"We're estimating 14- to 16-plus billion doses of vaccine being available in 2022," added Udayakumar, who is founding director of the Duke Global Health Innovation Center and leads a team that tracks global vaccine production and distribution.
"We're friends, aren't we?" "I hope so."
"We're getting married Friday." 
"What?"
"We're going hiking tomorrow, if it's nice. Are you coming?" "It's supposed to rain tomorrow."
"We're going rambling tomorrow, if it's nice. Are you coming?" "It's supposed to rain tomorrow."
"We're going to Tunisia." 
"Algeria."
"We're going to count to forty in Berber." 
"Why forty?"
"We're going to destroy all anti-Islamic works." 
"Who are you?" "The Taliban." 
"Define anti-Islamic." 
"It means something against Islam." 
"No, allow me. In your conception of the world, 'anti-Islamic' simply means anything and everything." 
"Take this guy and gun him down!"
"We're going to go walking tomorrow, if it's nice. Are you coming?" "It's supposed to rain tomorrow."
"We're going to raise Tom bilingually." 
"But aren't you worried about him not being as good at French as his friends?"
"We're having a party tomorrow." 
"Who's coming?"
"We're here to free you." 
"No thank you." 
"I didn't say you had a choice."
"We're here," said Tom, stopping the car.
"We're in uncharted territory," New South Wales Premier Gladys Berejiklian said. "We can't pretend that this is something that we have experienced before. It's not."
"We're just friends," said Tom.
"We're late." 
"I know."
"We're leaving." 
"But you just got here."
"We're letting you go." 
"Fuck you and your company."
"We're living in a global economy, whether you like it or not, and it's becoming a global village," he said.
"We're saying our goal is to deflect an asteroid, that is, to move an asteroid, to change its orbit, by 2015," he says.
"We're so excited," said the president of the Springfield, Vt., Chamber of Commerce, and the state governor was moved to exclaim, "This is an exciting, exhilarating moment."
"We're stuck." 
"What do you mean 'we'?"
"We're surrounded!" "They'll never take us alive, boys! Charge!"
"We're three miles from the rest stop. Can't you hold on a little bit more?" "Pull over now!"
"We've been outflanked!"
"We've been slaves of banks for fifteen years", said Tom.
"We've finally decided on a name for our baby!" "Let me guess, it's Tom isn't it?" "How did you know?"
"We've finally decided on a name for our baby!" "Let me guess. It's Tom, isn't it?" "Actually, no; it's John."
"We've finally decided on a name for the baby." 
"Let me guess, Tom?" "How did you know?"
"We've got a problem." 
"What is it this time?"
"We've got almost 420 languages on this site." 
"Nice."
"We've got company." 
"Call the cops."
"We've got so much in common." 
"Really?"
"We've got so much in common." 
"We do?"
"We've got taller so they don't fit." 
"Right, it's certainly not that we've got fat!" "The useful phrase 'grown up' is our trump card."
"We've met before." 
"No. I'm sure I would have remembered that meeting."
"Wear this." 
"Don't tell me how I should dress."
"Weather" and "whether" are homonyms; be careful not to confuse them while writing. And of course neither should be confused with their other homonym, "wether", which refers to a castrated male goat.
"Welcome back. You're later than usual." 
"Yeah. The person who's always passing me on their electric bike had their battery die and was pushing it, so I was helping them. Electric bikes are super heavy; it surprised me." 
"Hmm. By the way, this kid, is it a girl or boy?" "Huh?" "Never mind. I was just thinking, 'That's how love begins, isn't it?'"
"Welcome home. The bath is ready for you." 
"I'm feeling hungry, so is it ok if I eat something beforehand?" "No, don't touch a thing! Get to the bathroom." 
"Hey, you don't have to treat me like a germ you know." 
"But do you think I can help it with the current state of the world? Please hurry up. Oh, and don't forget to leave the window open after you get out of the bath."
"Welcome to Hell!" "Wait, there's actually a Hell? I have so many questions." 
"Shut up!"
"Welcome!" "Yo." 
"Oh, what, it's only Keita?"
"Welcome!" "Yo." 
"Oh, what, it’s only Keita?"
"Welcome, then, heroes!"
"Welcome." 
"I'm Honda. I have a reservation for 10 o'clock." 
"Thank you for coming. Today, we’ll be providing a taxi service. It will take a little more for the taxi to arrive, so please wait here, if you don’t mind." 
"Alright then, I'll just go have a smoke while I wait."
"Welcome." 
"Well found."
"Well ask Maria to go to a movie with you, if you like her so much!" - "No, I'm afraid to!"
"Well good, give me those four." 
"I will give you half – if you wish." 
"Why not all of them?" "Because I need two myself."
"Well he looks odd on the surface ... but he's even odder on the inside." 
"You're really not helping me there."
"Well he looks odd on the surface ... but he’s even odder on the inside." 
"You’re really not helping me there."
"Well! You have come here to be educated, and taught a useful trade," said the red-faced gentleman in the high chair.
"Well, 'tis oonly what has come in my way," said the carter unboastfully.
"Well, I always like to look on the bright side, Eliza." 
"There isn't any bright side." 
"Oh, indeed there is," cried Anne, who couldn't endure such heresy in silence.
"Well, I always like to look on the bright side, Eliza." 
"There isn't any bright side." 
"Oh, indeed there is," cried Anne, who couldn't endure such heresy in silence. "Why, there are ever so many bright sides, Miss Andrews. It's really a beautiful world."
"Well, I guess I'm going to get a driver's license," he answered.
"Well, I guess I’m going to get a driver’s license," he answered.
"Well, I hope it will turn out all right," said Mrs. Rachel in a tone that plainly indicated her painful doubts.
"Well, I must be off." 
"So soon?" "Yes, I'm afraid so. Toodle-oo."
"Well, I'll turn in for the night. See you tomorrow." 
"Night, Tom."
"Well, I've had mine"—Stafford made a slight grimace—"and there's plenty left for you, if you don't mind eating after me."
"Well, OK," Willie finally agreed.
"Well, did you take a bite?" Tom asked John sarcastically.
"Well, did you take a bite?" he asked Tom sarcastically.
"Well, do you get it now, Styopa?" "Of course I do, now I know this. But, Professor... it's better, I dunno, if we never speak of it again." 
"Alright."
"Well, even so my score is far above yours isn't it?" "What did you say!? If I was to go all out you'd be as nothing to me!"
"Well, even so my score is far above yours isn’t it?" "What did you say!? If I was to go all out you’d be as nothing to me!"
"Well, here it comes – the moment when Mary carries on as though nothing has happened," said Mary, drinking up her cup of coffee and duly carrying on as though nothing had happened.
"Well, if you had helped us, we would have been ready sooner." 
"I had to install a game."
"Well, in the first place, I don't think my ideal would speak like that," said she. "He would be a harder, sterner man, not so ready to adapt himself to a silly girl's whim. But, above all, he must be a man who could do, who could act, who would look Death in the face and have no fear of him—a man of great deeds and strange experiences."
"Well, it was a goat even if it flew" is a saying applied to a stubborn person who doesn't admit his mistake even though he knows he's wrong.
"Well, it's hot again today, isn't it?" "That's one more time you've started with a bland topic."
"Well, it’s hot again today, isn’t it?" "That’s one more time you’ve started with a bland topic."
"Well, my boy?" said the latter abstractedly. "I've come," said Jude. "You? Who are you? Oh yes—to be sure! Got any orders, lad?"
"Well, my lad, and what may you want up here?" "I wanted to know where the city of Christminster is, if you please." 
"Christminster is out across there, by that clump. You can see it—at least you can on a clear day. Ah, no, you can't now."
"Well, my lad," he said, "and what is this great thing you have to tell me that is so mightily wonderful?"
"Well, now that you mention it," my sister piped up, "I've been feeling nervous for a while and I don't really know why..."
"Well, thank goodness, the fresh eggs with which you bombed him are not red! Otherwise, he would have thought you injured him!"
"Well, that is, it’s not something I can boast of," in fact it’s not something I can talk unashamedly about in public.
"Well, that's effing stupid."
"Well, there's something I'd like your advice on about my research project ..." 
"Let's see... Hmm, you're investigating flowering plants then."
"Well, there’s something I’d like your advice on about my research project ..." 
"Let’s see... Hmm, you’re investigating flowering plants then."
"Well, well, you did your best," said Holmes, as we walked into our room.
"Well, what are you waiting for? Construct additional pylons!" "There is not enough minerals." 
"Then we've got to find the minerals."
"Well, what's wrong?" "Look closely. You'll find the mistake yourself, I'm sure."
"Well, where are you going so suddenly?" "To the bathroom."
"Well, you have done well enough for today," she grumbled; "but tomorrow you’ll have something more difficult to do, and if you don’t do it well, you pampered brats, straight into the oven you go."
"Well, you'd better go and give that cake to the pigs," said Marilla. "It isn't fit for any human to eat."
"Well," said Blockhead-Hans, "if I can’t have a horse, I will take the goat which is mine; it can carry me!" And he did so.
"Well," said her godmother, "be but a good girl, and I will see that you go." Then she took her into her chamber, and said to her, "Run into the garden, and bring me a pumpkin."
"Well," said the Wolf, "and I'll go and see her, too. I'll go this way, and you go that, and we shall see who will be there first."
"Well," said the shopkeeper, motioning for Dima to follow her to the cash register. "That'll be 3,000,000.99, then."
"Well," said the shopkeeper, motioning for Dima to follow her to the cash register. "That’ll be 3,000,000.99, then."
"Well," she asked her secretary, "what's on the docket for today?"
"Well..." sighed Dima, then turned to the shopkeeper and cast her a murderous glance. "I guess I have no choice now..."
"Well?" I inquired, as soon as we were protected from prying eyes by the leafy screen.
"Well?" the impatient shopkeeper asked, once Dima had ended the call. "Is everything all set now?"
"Were Tom and Mary at the party?" "Tom was there, but Mary wasn't."
"Were the flowers on the grave shrivelled?" "No, they looked quite fresh."
"Were the stars visible last night?" "No, because it was cloudy last night."
"Were you a cook on that boat?" "No, I wasn't."
"Were you able to catch the cat?" "I tried to, but it escaped."
"Were you able to write anything?" "To tell you the truth, not really."
"Were you alone?" "Yes, I was."
"Were you at Mary's wedding?" "Yeah, as an onlooker."
"Were you at home?" "No, I wasn't."
"Were you at home?" "No, I wasn’t."
"Were you at home?" "No, we weren't."
"Were you born in Boston?" "No, I was born in Australia."
"Were you forced?" - "No, I did it voluntarily."
"Were you friends with Mary in high school?" "Not exactly."
"Were you friends with Tom in high school?" "Not exactly."
"Were you in Boston last weekend?" "No, as a matter of fact, I wasn't."
"Were you the director of that charity?" "Yes."
"Were you thirsty?" "No, we were hungry."
"Were you, for example, breaking completely today?" "Actually I wasn't, even the glass. But I said "no, it's all crap", I don't understand why." 
"Shame on you, Styopa!"
"Were your attempts to erase your memory successful?" "I don't remember."
"Weren't you hoping that he would come?" "Yeah."
"Weren't you there?" asked Mr Jordan.
"Weren’t you there?" asked Mr Jordan.
"Western Sahara and Morocco are two separate countries." 
"I'm deleting this sentence." 
"Go ahead. I'm posting it again."
"Western Sahara is not part of Morocco." 
"This sentence should be deleted." 
"Go ahead and delete it. I'm posting it again anyways."
"Western civilization" was made up during World War I.
"Western countries are actively working to prevent the emergence of a multipolar world." 
"Your example sentences are annoying and your English-language contributions should absolutely be capped on this website."
"Western media are encouraging Russophobia." 
"You're a Russian agent and even a terrorist." 
"Everyone who criticizes the West is a born terrorist recruited by the Russian government to destroy 'Western values,' especially when they're Muslim and they live in Africa or the Middle East. Satisfied?"
"Wetlands ... cover about 3 percent of the Earth," she said. "But they hold twice as much carbon as all the Earth's forests together. So, by restoring these wetlands, that is a very effective way to limit the effects of climate change."
"We’re going to dress the two of you up as girls," he continued, "so that maybe they won’t fire on you."
"We’ve got taller so they don’t fit." 
"Right, it’s certainly not that we’ve got fat!" "The useful phrase ’grown up’ is our trump card."
"What Algerian city is known as the City of Roses?" "It's Blida."
"What Algerian city is known as the capital of the Djurdjura Mountains?" "It's Tizi-Ouzou."
"What Algerian city is known as the capital of the Hammadids?" "It's Bejaia."
"What I saw in his lungs is nothing that I've ever seen before, and I've been doing lung transplants for 20 years," said Hassan Nemeh, M.D., surgical director of the Thoracic Organ Transplant System at Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit.
"What Myrmidon, or who / of stern Ulysses' warriors can withhold / his tears, to tell such things, as thou would'st have re-told?"
"What a Wonderful World" is among my favorite songs.
"What a beautiful vase!" "Yeah. Tom paid a pretty penny for it as well."
"What a coincidence seeing you here, doctor!" "Well, I am the doctor on this ward."
"What a cute puppy. Why is he called Panda?" "Because his face looks like a panda."
"What a donkey I am!" "You're not a donkey!"
"What a hungry man!" exclaimed Mary with a spiteful smile, closing the door of her apartment behind Tom.
"What a lot of bottles!" I exclaimed, as my eye travelled round the small room. "Do you really know what's in them all?"
"What a measly offering!"
"What a nice month this November has been!" said Anne, who had never quite got over her childish habit of talking to herself.
"What a nice surprise," Tom said as he opened the door and saw Mary standing there.
"What a splendid day!" said Anne, drawing a long breath.
"What about Tom?" "What about him?"
"What about Ziri?" "Ziri who?"
"What about me do you like?" "Everything."
"What about me?" "You don't count."
"What about the girl?" "She'll have to go back to the orphanage."
"What about the girls, my son?" "Oh, dad."
"What about the people?" "Who cares about the people?"
"What about this shirt?" "It's going in the wash."
"What about your friends?" "They'll be OK."
"What am I getting arrested for?" "Obstruction." 
"Obstruction of what?" "Obstruction of the law."
"What am I going to wear?" "Why don't you wear a Kabyle dress?"
"What am I really doing here?" "Something very important."
"What am I supposed to do?" "I don't know. Do something."
"What am I to you, Tom?" "A good friend I can talk to about anything, I guess."
"What an angel you are!" cried the young Duke, and he put his arm round her neck, and kissed her.
"What an idyllic picture," he said with a wry grin.
"What an idyllic picture," he said with a wry smile.
"What anthropoid would your girlfriend be most like?" "What a question... Well, um... An orangutan, I guess."
"What are 'memes'? You mean 'moomins'?" "No. It's where information is imitated from person-to-person to form human culture." 
"What? I don't get it."
"What are adult male giraffes called?" "Bulls."
"What are baby giraffes called?" "Calves."
"What are hyenas laughing at?" "Well, they laugh at anything, you know."
"What are people who live in Denmark called?" "Denmarkians?" "No, they're called Danes." 
"Yes, but maybe not all the inhabitants of Denmark are Danes."
"What are the children doing in the garden?" "They are playing dinosaur in your flower bed."
"What are the four seasons?" "Spring, summer, fall, and winter."
"What are the twelve signs of the Zodiac, in the order in which the sun passes them by in the course of a year?" - "Um, let me think for a minute!" - "No thinking! It's got to come as quick as a shot!"
"What are these stains on the floor?" "Blood."
"What are these?" "They are your pictures."
"What are they doing?" "They are playing something."
"What are they wearing?" "Kabyle dresses."
"What are we having?" "We are having couscous and salad."
"What are we to do, then?" I asked. "What do you think?" said he. "We'll make the coats of some of these soldiers redder than ever the tailor did."
"What are you both doing in my bed?" "It's not what you think."
"What are you carving?" "A spoon."
"What are you chewing, big brother?" "Last year's chewing gum."
"What are you chewing, big brother?" "Last year's gum."
"What are you cooking for us?" "I'm cooking you a fish dish."
"What are you cooking?" "Some couscous."
"What are you doing after school?" "Nothing."
"What are you doing after this?" "I'm not doing anything."
"What are you doing after work today?" "Tom and Mary have invited me to a barbecue. Want to come?"
"What are you doing for Christmas this year?" – "I don't want to think about that yet. It's still only the end of August."
"What are you doing hanging about here, Tom?" "I think I'm allowed to hang about here, don't you?" "Of course. No one can stop you." 
"There you are, then."
"What are you doing here alone?" "l'm listening to the sea."
"What are you doing here, Tom?" "Nothing."
"What are you doing here." 
"I came to see my girl."
"What are you doing here?" "And what are you doing here?"
"What are you doing here?" "Belly-dancing."
"What are you doing here?" "I was just passing by."
"What are you doing here?" "I'm learning Berber."
"What are you doing here?" "Just heading home, sir." 
"Where's home?" "Algiers." 
"Please get out of the vehicle."
"What are you doing here?" "Nothing."
"What are you doing here?" "Same question to you."
"What are you doing here?" "That's my question."
"What are you doing here?" "What are you doing here?"
"What are you doing here?" - "I'm waiting for you."
"What are you doing here?" Vladimir asked indignantly.
"What are you doing here?" he asked me in surprise.
"What are you doing in Sami's car?" "I'm his wife."
"What are you doing in Yanni's car?" "I'm his wife." 
"You're his wife? He's never told me he's married."
"What are you doing in my room?" "I... I was looking for you." 
"In the drawers? I don't think I could fit in there."
"What are you doing in the kitchen?" "Making myself a strawberry-jam sandwich." 
"Could you make me one? I'll give you a kiss!"
"What are you doing on this website?" "What is it to you?"
"What are you doing there, my good woman?" said the Princess. "I am spinning, my pretty child," said the old woman, who did not know who the Princess was.
"What are you doing this evening? Are you going to the cinema?" "No, I'm going swimming this evening. The Olympic Center has a great pool."
"What are you doing today?" "I have to do groceries, and then I'm meeting some friends."
"What are you doing today?" "I'm doing nothing much."
"What are you doing today?" "Nothing." 
"That's what you did yesterday." 
"Well, I haven't finished yet."
"What are you doing tomorrow?" "Tomorrow? I don't know yet." 
"Do you fancy going for a meal with me?"
"What are you doing tonight?" "Going for a drink with my housemates."
"What are you doing tonight?" "I'll let you know."
"What are you doing tonight?" "I'm not sure."
"What are you doing up here?" "What do you think I'm doing here?" "That is what I want to know."
"What are you doing with that manure?" "I'm putting it on the strawberries." 
"Disgusting! We eat them with cream!"
"What are you doing with the manure?" "I'm putting it on the strawberries." 
"Disgusting! We eat them with cream!"
"What are you doing with the manure?" "I’m putting it on the strawberries." 
"Disgusting! We eat them with cream!"
"What are you doing, dude?" asked John, seeing Tom's melting ice cream dripping down onto his shoes. "I'm eating an ice cream." 
"Oh, really? I thought you were repairing your bicycle." 
"You're just joking now, aren't you? I don't have any bike."
"What are you doing?" "Can't you tell?" "No, I can't." 
"I'm smelling the flowers."
"What are you doing?" "Eating."
"What are you doing?" "Googling Skura."
"What are you doing?" "I accidentally threw away my precious ring."
"What are you doing?" "I am repeating by myself."
"What are you doing?" "I'm eating."
"What are you doing?" "I'm in the toilet, taking a dump."
"What are you doing?" "I'm making couscous."
"What are you doing?" "I'm studying Berber."
"What are you doing?" "I'm thinking."
"What are you doing?" "I'm vegetating."
"What are you doing?" "I'm watching my plants grow."
"What are you doing?" "Nothing."
"What are you doing?" "What does it look like I'm doing?"
"What are you doing?" he asked.
"What are you doing?" he fumed.
"What are you drinking there?" "It's sort of like a health drink Mary has concocted from all kinds of natural ingredients. Tastes quite good. Do you want a cup?" "Er, nah, I'll leave it, thanks."
"What are you eating there?" "This? This is couscous."
"What are you eating?" "Hare fricassee."
"What are you eating?" "It's called couscous."
"What are you going to be using the frogs for, mister?" asked one of the boys.
"What are you going to cook for us?" "I'm going to cook you a fish dish."
"What are you going to do with the money?", asked the policeman.
"What are you going to give me?" "I'm going to give you a pipe."
"What are you guys going to do this weekend?" "I don't know."
"What are you guys talking about?" "We're talking about time."
"What are you having?" "I'm having a chocolate ice cream."
"What are you here for?" "I have come to take my shahada."
"What are you hiding behind your back?" "Nothing."
"What are you laughing at?" "Your face."
"What are you looking at?" "Nothing."
"What are you looking for?" "A dentist." 
"There aren't any dentists around here anymore".
"What are you looking for?" "I'm looking for a suit." 
"The women's section is this way."
"What are you most afraid of, Tom?" "That Mary falls in love with someone else."
"What are you on?" "Just the spectrum."
"What are you painting?" "A Kabyle woman in a traditional dress."
"What are you planning on making?" "Couscous."
"What are you protesting against?" - "We're protesting against the new law."
"What are you reading, my prince?" "Words, words, nothing but words."
"What are you reading?" "I'm not reading. I'm drawing."
"What are you reading?" "The Quran."
"What are you repeating?" "The task which the Master set us today."
"What are you smoking?" "Weed."
"What are you so mad about?" "I'm not mad about a single thing."
"What are you staring at?" "Your boobs."
"What are you studying at university?" "Philosophy." 
"Philosophy? How is that going to be useful?" "So that I can learn about the importance of things which have no use."
"What are you studying in school?" "Italian."
"What are you studying?" "French."
"What are you studying?" "History."
"What are you studying?" "I'm studying French."
"What are you talking about?" "You know perfectly well what I'm talking about."
"What are you thinking about?" "I was thinking about you."
"What are you thinking about?" "I'm thinking about you."
"What are you thinking about?" "Lunch."
"What are you thinking about?" "Lunchtime."
"What are you thinking about?" "Nothin'..."
"What are you thinking about?" "Nothing special."
"What are you thinking about?" "Nothin’..."
"What are you thinking about?" "Of whom. By the way, of you."
"What are you trying to hide?" "Nothing."
"What are you up to this weekend?" "Not much, just pottering about at home."
"What are you up to?" "I'm just driving back from volunteering".
"What are you watching?" "Hulk."
"What are you wearing?" "A Kabyle dress."
"What are you, Tom, 40?" "How dare you! I'm 37."
"What are your favourite books, Tom? " "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and Uncle Tom's Cabin."
"What are your names?" "Ziri and Rima."
"What are your relatives' nationality?" "German."
"What beautiful eyes you have!" "They're as blue as your father's."
"What big ears you have!" "All the better to hear you with, my dear." 
"What big eyes you have!" "All the better to see you with, my dear."
"What big eyes you have, Grandma." 
"Because I'm in an anime."
"What brand is your car?" "It's a Ford."
"What brand is your car?" "It’s a Ford."
"What business have you here?" asked the lad.
"What can I do for you?" "I am calling about my energy costs. It is about the bill."
"What can I do?" "Chop those carrots. And try not to cut off your fingers."
"What can I get you to drink?" "A mineral water for me, please." 
"And for the lady?" "I'd like a wheat beer, please."
"What can I get you?" "Oh, a large brown loaf, please."
"What can we do for you?" "Help me carry this suitcase, please."
"What can you lose by showing yourself to others?" "My advantage over them."
"What car have you bought, Mary?" "A red one."
"What changed your mind?" "I changed my own mind."
"What city are you from?" "I'm from Rome."
"What color is this?" "It's pale orange."
"What color is your dad's truck?" - "Blue. It is blue."
"What color is your underwear?" "I'm not wearing any."
"What color underwear are you wearing?" "I don’t wear any".
"What colour are your eyes?" "Steel grey."
"What couldn't Tom find?" "He couldn't find his glasses."
"What countries are you a citizen of?" "I am a citizen of Turkey and Germany."
"What country are your relatives from?" "Germany."
"What country is Beirut the capital of?" "Lebanon."
"What country is Caracas the capital of?" "Venezuela."
"What country is Lima the capital of?" "Peru."
"What country is Paris the capital of?" "France."
"What country is Tunis the capital of?" "Tunisia."
"What craft do you know?" the wizard asked the youth.
"What day is it today?" "It's Tanabata!"
"What day is it today?" "Thursday."
"What day is it today?" "Tuesday."
"What day is it today?" "Wednesday."
"What day is it?" "It's Wednesday."
"What day is today?" "It's Monday."
"What day of the week is it?" "It's Wednesday."
"What did I say about interruptions?" "I'm really sorry Mr. Bakir, but this is absolutely urgent."
"What did Maria write?" "Nothing important."
"What did Tom have for lunch?" "Just soup."
"What did Tom say?" "I don't know. I don't speak Tom."
"What did Tom steal from them?" "Some money."
"What did he say to you?" "He berated me in so many words saying that I should study diligently." 
"I wish you would." 
"I will do, God willing."
"What did he say?" "I can't remember. Last night is a bit of a haze."
"What did he say?" "I don't remember."
"What did he say?" "I'd rather not translate that."
"What did he want?" "He asked me how to get to the botanic garden."
"What did he want?" "To know who I was here with." 
"And what did you say?" "That I'm here with you!"
"What did he want?" "To know who I'm here with." 
"And what did you say?" "Well, that I'm here with you!"
"What did she mean by that?" "I don't know."
"What did she say?" "I don't remember."
"What did the politician toast to at the dinner party?" "To peace."
"What did the professor say?" "The professor said that man first set foot on the moon in 1969."
"What did the professor talk about?" the student asked.
"What did the teacher talk about?" asked the student.
"What did you bring me?" "I brought you a gift."
"What did you do at school today?" "We learnt long division today."
"What did you do today?" "We had a lot of guests so I was completely busy."
"What did you do with our neighbour?" "I buried her."
"What did you do with our neighbour?" "I buried him."
"What did you do with the neighbour?" "I buried her."
"What did you do with the neighbour?" "I buried him."
"What did you do with your neighbour?" "I buried her."
"What did you do with your neighbour?" "I buried him."
"What did you do with your old car?" "I sold it to Tom."
"What did you do yesterday?" "I went swimming in the ocean for three hours."
"What did you do?" "I didn't do anything."
"What did you do?" "I memorized the Latin vocabulary."
"What did you eat in Algeria?" "Couscous."
"What did you eat?" "Couscous."
"What did you eat?" "Couscous." 
"Couscous? It sound delicious."
"What did you get for Christmas?" "I got a bear stuffie." 
"What about your brother?" "He got a dolphin." 
"A dolphin stuffie?" "Yep."
"What did you get for the answer?" "I got 30." 
"That's what I got too."
"What did you get for your birthday?" "I got a tie."
"What did you get up to last weekend?" "Not much, I just had a potter around in the garden."
"What did you get?" "Two Gaelic books."
"What did you give her this year?" "Two frying pans."
"What did you have for dinner?" "Grilled shrimp and baked zucchini with garlic sauce over rice noodles."
"What did you have for lunch?" "Gyoza that Maria made herself. They were really delicious!"
"What did you have for lunch?" "Roast beef and chicken with teriyaki sauce on rye bread."
"What did you just say?" "Nothing." Nah, I heard you say something. What was it?" "I said nothing." 
"You just said 'fuck.' I heard you." 
"Oh yeah?" "Yeah!" "Then, in this case, go fuck yourself."
"What did you say his name was?" "It was either like John or Jack, or something along those lines."
"What did you say?" "I didn't say anything."
"What did you say?" "I didn’t say anything."
"What did you say?" "Liar!" "Out of my house!"
"What did you say?" "Nothing to you."
"What did you say?" "Nothing. I was just talking to myself."
"What did you say?" "What do you think I said?"
"What did you talk about?" "Nothing."
"What did you tell Tom?" "I told him the truth."
"What did you tell her?" "The truth."
"What did you tell him?" "The truth."
"What did you think of Tom?" "He's got a nice voice." 
"Just a nice voice?" "Well, his face is nothing special, right?" "Really! I think he's pretty good looking."
"What did you think of the concert?" "It was OK, I guess."
"What did you think of the film?" "I thought it was brilliant. I really liked it."
"What did you think of the movie?" "It was okay, I guess."
"What did you think of the performance last night?" "Stunning!"
"What did you want to talk to me about? I've got time now." 
"Well, it's about Tom. His teacher rang today and told me he hasn't been at school for a fortnight."
"What did you want to talk to me about?" "It was about a sentence in that treatise of yours, but I'd read it wrongly. It's all clear to me now."
"What did you wish for?" "It's a secret."
"What did you wish for?" "That Tom would take an interest in me. What about you, Mary?" "It's a secret."
"What did your aunt say about the sweater you knitted for her?" "She said that it was the most hideous piece of clothing she had ever seen, and that she would sooner go out wearing a trash bag than be seen wearing that." 
"Wow, Aunt Mary sure doesn't pull any punches. . ."
"What do Friedrich Schulze, Fabio Morelli, Jacques Gaillard, Taro Tanaka, Witali Smirnow, and Steven Chao have in common?" "They're all American physicists."
"What do I care about Tom?" "He's your only son, at least." 
"A son I would gladly give up."
"What do his parents do?" "I have no idea."
"What do robots sound like when speaking English? Do they speak smoothly?" "More than you."
"What do special forces do apart from training and fighting?" "Training."
"What do the Hebrew letters in that epitaph mean?" "May her soul be bound up in the bond of life."
"What do we reckon? Shall we head that way?" "Everyone else is heading the other way."
"What do you call a Turkish space program?" "What?" "Cockroach on a firework stick."
"What do you do after work?" "I drive home and look forward to dinner."
"What do you do after work?" "I go for a drink with my workmates."
"What do you do after work?" "I go home and look forward to my tea."
"What do you do after work?" "It's different every day. Most of the time, though, I'm too tired to do anything too involved."
"What do you do after work?" "Well, I sit on the sofa and watch television."
"What do you do all day?" "I eat."
"What do you do for a living?" "I'm a software engineer."
"What do you do for kicks?" "I play video games."
"What do you do in Kabylie?" "I'm a Berber teacher."
"What do you do on Christmas and New Year's Eve?" "On Christmas, I eat, and on New Year's Eve, I drink."
"What do you do to make the world more beautiful?" "I regularly take my medicines".
"What do you do with all these books?" "What type of question is this?"
"What do you do?" "I write the music you hear when you're put on hold." 
"So, you're an on-hold-music composer, then?" "You could say that."
"What do you do?" "I'm a corrections officer." 
"A what? Like in a school?" "No, I mean I'm a jailer."
"What do you do?" "I'm a househusband." 
"No, I mean for work." 
"It is my work."
"What do you do?" "I'm a poet." 
"No, I mean for work."
"What do you do?" "I'm in sales."
"What do you fancy today? Italian? Greek? Chinese?" "Potato soup. A new restaurant's opened in Einstein Street."
"What do you feel like today? Italian? Greek? Chinese?" "Potato soup. A new restaurant's opened in Einstein Street."
"What do you get when you cross a bee with a gumball?" "I don't know." 
"Me neither, I was just asking."
"What do you guys want to eat?" "Sardines."
"What do you have against Tom?" "He's just a jerk."
"What do you have in your hands?" "Nothing."
"What do you have in your pockets?" "I have my house key and some coins."
"What do you intend to do?" "I think that we should leave."
"What do you know about Islam?" "I don't know that much."
"What do you like to eat?" "I like herring."
"What do you mean by being absent for the whole week?" "I had to stay at home." 
"What for?" "To be with my mother, who was sick."
"What do you mean?" "What do you mean, 'what do I mean?'"
"What do you mean?" Dima asked, but burped, for if he remained silent, this sentence would be too simple.
"What do you mean?" she cried.
"What do you miss the most about Algeria?" "Nothing."
"What do you need?" "I don't need anything."
"What do you need?" "What do you have?"
"What do you plan to do with these love letters from Akemi? There's a whole load of them." 
"They can go." 
"All right. I'll throw them away after I've had a look through them." 
"Ha! Give 'em here. I'll throw them away myself."
"What do you study in school?" "Italian."
"What do you teach?" "Berber."
"What do you think Tom and Mary would say if they knew we were here?" "They would be speechless."
"What do you think about Tom secretly seeing Anna?" "I'm not over the moon about it, but it's not important enough for me to get upset about."
"What do you think about Tom?" "I don't hate him, but neither do I like him."
"What do you think about my painting?" "Well, it's certainly... unique..."
"What do you think about pelmeni?" "Nothing. I've never even heard such a word."
"What do you think about that?" "Dunno. Don't care, either."
"What do you think is the meaning of life?" "Does it need to have a meaning? Enjoy everyday.
"What do you think life beyond our Earth would look like?" "Considering there are zillions of planets out there, I think there exist mathematical probabilities that there could be repetitions of shapes that occur on our Earth." 
"I see what you mean: bird-like things, fish-like things, and so on..." 
"Yeah, they could evolve in parallel, or they could be offshoots of panspermia, but that's another class for you!"
"What do you think of Tom?" "His voice is cool isn't it" "Just his voice?" "Don't you think his face is just normal?" "Uh- I think it's cool though."
"What do you think of her?" "She's great."
"What do you think of my theory?" "It is all surmise."
"What do you think of the election for mayor?" "I don't know."
"What do you think of the election for mayor?" "I don’t know."
"What do you think of the film?" "Dead boring."
"What do you think of the local elections?" "I don't know."
"What do you think of the main character of my novel?" "She's pretty interesting, but I think you need to flesh out her backstory some more."
"What do you think of the painting?" "Oh, the frame is very ornate."
"What do you think of the teacher?" "Are you sure you wanna hear that?" "Sure, go ahead." 
"I think he's an insufferable self-centered dismissive asshole."
"What do you think of when you hear Paris?" "The Eiffel Tower, of course!"
"What do you think the moon is made of?" "Definitely not cheese."
"What do you think to all the praise coming your way?" "I take no notice of it. I never listen to it, and I never read it, that's for sure."
"What do you think to the cake?" "It's not quite my thing."
"What do you think we should do next?" "Take care of Lorenzo."
"What do you think?" "This is amazing?"
"What do you think?" "Well, I'm for it."
"What do you think?" "Well, I’m for it."
"What do you want for Christmas?" "I don't know."
"What do you want for Christmas?" "You don't need to get me anything, all I need is for you to be by my side."
"What do you want for breakfast tomorrow? Bread? Rice?" "Either one is fine."
"What do you want for your birthday?" "I don't know."
"What do you want me to do?" "Hate school and books and teachers, as we all do. They are your worst enemies, you know, and they like to make you as unhappy as they can."
"What do you want me to tell Tom?" "The truth." 
"That's a bad idea."
"What do you want the most now?" "Money."
"What do you want to be when you grow up?" "A doctor."
"What do you want to be when you grow up?" "A millionaire."
"What do you want to do when you grow up?" "I want to be a Berber teacher."
"What do you want to eat today?" "I fancy kale again."
"What do you want to eat today?" "I quite fancy curly kale again."
"What do you want to eat?" "Hamburger, steak and grilled meat." 
"It's all meat!"
"What do you want to eat?" "I'd like some eel."
"What do you want to eat?" "Pork and Sashimi and Natto." 
"That's just about everything that I can't eat."
"What do you want to eat?" "Sardines."
"What do you want to eat?" "Some couscous."
"What do you want to know?" "Everything."
"What do you want to learn next?" "Berber."
"What do you want to talk about, Mike?" "Whatever you like."
"What do you want, then?" "To learn a subject that suits me."
"What do you want?" "Coffee."
"What do you want?" "Forget about it."
"What do you want?" "I just wanted to ask Tom something."
"What do you want?" "I just wanted to talk to Tom."
"What do you want?" "I need something." 
"Do you need money?" "Yeah." 
"Be gone."
"What do you want?" "I want a dog."
"What do you want?" "I want meat."
"What do you want?" "I want to learn Berber."
"What do you want?" "One year's salary with benefits."
"What do you want?" "To forget it."
"What do you want?" "To forget this."
"What do you want?" "Two kilos of potatoes, please."
"What do you want?" asked the Indian chief. "We want all the land from the North Pole to the South Pole," said the English general.
"What do you, yourself, want?" "I want meat."
"What does 'unreliable witness' mean?" "It means the person is a liar."
"What does BLT mean?" "I think it means bacon, lettuce and... Tom?"
"What does Henry do?" "He's a dentist, I think."
"What does Phoebus mean?" "It's a Latin word that means sun."
"What does Tom do?" "I don't know, and I don't care, either."
"What does Tom look like?" "Let me put it this way. If Death incarnate came to earth, he would look like Tom."
"What does Tom need it for?" "I don't know. If you want to know it, just ask him."
"What does U.F.O. stand for?" "It means Unidentified Flying Object, I guess."
"What does that word mean?" "Oh, it doesn't mean anything. It's just a made-up word that's supposed to sound like French."
"What does the abbreviation DB stand for?" "Either 'database' or 'don't bother'."
"What does the dog say?" - "Bow, wow."
"What does this have to do with me wanting to get my hair cut?" "They have hair in London?"
"What does this look like?" "A sad man."
"What does this mean to you?" ; "This doesn't mean anything."
"What does your company make?" "Bricks."
"What does your illness do?" "It does what it likes, and since neither I nor anyone else can do anything to change that, I've decided not to think about it any more."
"What does your partner think of me?" "Mary's not interested in cis men."
"What effect do you think it'll have?" Tom asked John, who made a jerking motion with his hand and blew a raspberry.
"What else did you do for him?" "I pulled off his boots and greaves."
"What else do you know about her?" "Not much."
"What else do you know about him?" "Not much."
"What era are you from, tortoise?" "We were created like that!"
"What exactly are they doing in there?" "That's a good question."
"What exactly do you like about me?" "Everything"
"What exactly does this do?" "I'm not sure."
"What exactly is a Berber?" "And what exactly is an Arab? Can you answer this question?"
"What exactly made you decide to buy the car?" "I fell in love with those beautiful curves along its body!"
"What foreign language are you studying?" "I'm studying French."
"What foreign language are you taking?" "English."
"What good people," thought Pinocchio to himself. And forgetting his father, the new coat, the A-B-C book, and all his good resolutions, he said to the Fox and to the Cat: "Let us go. I am with you."
"What good would she be to us?" "We might be some good to her," said Matthew suddenly and unexpectedly.
"What happened here?" "Nothing."
"What happened last night?" "Nothing."
"What happened to Gloria?" "She got married three years ago and now she lives in Liège."
"What happened to the British summer?" "Oh, I don't mind it being cool like this."
"What happened to the money I gave you?" "I spent it."
"What happened to you, Mary?" asked Tom while carrying the poor crazy woman to the back.
"What happened to you?" "I hit my head."
"What happened to your leg?" "I was skiing and I fell."
"What happened to your nose?" "When I was backing my car up I went to check behind me, convinced that the car window was open, and bashed my face into it!"
"What happened, Tom?" "When I asked Mary what cup size she is, she called me a pervert." 
"What did you expect?"
"What happened?" "I'm sad about life."
"What happened?" "It's a long story."
"What happened?" "Nothing. Go back to sleep."
"What happened?" "Nothing."
"What happened?" "The car broke down."
"What happens after you die?" "There's only one way to find out."
"What happens to man," asked himself the wise man, "when touched by the angel of death?"
"What happy ages did thy birth delight? / What godlike parents bore a child so bright?"
"What has happened?" "I think you pushed him too far."
"What has science ever done for humanity?" he said, as he communicated with someone on the other side of the world via a computer powered by electricity.
"What have I got, doctor?" "A cold."
"What have you been doing all night?" "Playing Minecraft." 
"Did you mine all the crafts?" "Not yet."
"What have you got in that box?" "A cake," said Anne archly.
"What have you got in that sauce pan?" "It's some couscous."
"What homework do you have for the summer?" "I have the summer notebook, kanji and math drills, plus crafts to do and a picture diary." 
"Just the usual stuff. How about you, Kenta?" "I didn't have the picture diary, but I have to do research and a book report. Book reports are such a pain." 
"Hang in there."
"What hour did you wake up today?" - "at eight o'clock"
"What if Algeria sees tough times again?" "Algeria is ready to face any situation."
"What if I happen to need something, will you give me a loan?" "I will gladly lend something to you." 
"Thank you."
"What if I miss the deadline?" "I bet he will get mad at you!"
"What if a massive asteroid hits Earth?" "We would simply cease to exist."
"What if it's a girl?" "We're gonna name her Skura."
"What if you lose it?" "I will put up with it patiently."
"What if you're wrong?" "I'm not wrong."
"What important role do small and medium-sized firms play?" "Generally speaking, they create most of the jobs in the national economy."
"What ineffable twaddle!" I cried, slapping the magazine down on the table; "I never read such rubbish in my life."
"What is China after in the Pacific?" "And what is the United States after in the whole world?"
"What is Earth's nearest star?" "Alpha Centauri." 
"Wrong! The correct answer is the Sun."
"What is Tom doing?" "I think he's texting his friends."
"What is Tom's native language?" "It is English."
"What is Tom's native language?" "It's French."
"What is a woman?" "A woman is a female human being."
"What is a woman?" "An adult human female." 
"What is a human? What is a female?"
"What is a woman?" "Errr... I think that a woman is a female human being." 
"No! A woman is any person who thinks they're a woman." 
"But what about biology?" "Biology, science... Do you still believe in that bullshit?"
"What is a woman?" "I think that a woman is a human being who feels they're female." 
"What about biology? Do you think there's a biological definition of what a woman is?" "Sorry, I don't believe in that bullshit."
"What is artistic sensibility and what is artistic individuality?" "Artistic sensibility is the fortunate ability to see what no one else can see, and artistic individuality is the unfortunate ability to create something that no one else wants to see."
"What is done, we must undo!" cried Tom, opening the door to the secret passageway that led to his time machine.
"What is four plus five?" "Four plus five is nine."
"What is he doing in the mosque?" "He's praying."
"What is he doing there?" "Trading." 
"Since when?" "Since the start of the fair."
"What is it now?" "July."
"What is it that you liked about her?" "I don't know. She seemed mysterious."
"What is it that you want?" "I want answers."
"What is it today?" "It's the Japanese Star Festival!"
"What is it with you and my car?" "I like it."
"What is it, sweetheart?" "I feel hot."
"What is it, then — a fire?" "No; a client. It seems that a young lady has arrived in a considerable state of excitement, who insists upon seeing me."
"What is it?" "Well, you see, I wanted the shrubs pruned."
"What is it?" asked Sherlock Holmes.
"What is it?" she whispered.
"What is our aunts' nationality?" "Chinese."
"What is she saying?" "You don't even know 'norito'?" "Norito?" "It's something like a Shinto spell."
"What is she saying?" "You don’t even know ’norito’?" "Norito?" "It’s something like a Shinto spell."
"What is she wearing for the party?" "A Kabyle dress." 
"Good choice."
"What is she wearing?" "A Kabyle dress."
"What is she?" - "She's a teacher."
"What is that building?" "It's a theater."
"What is that deafening noise?" "It's just music."
"What is that house?" Pinocchio asked a little boy near him. "Read the sign and you'll know." 
"I'd like to read, but somehow I can't today."
"What is that racket?" "It's music."
"What is that weakling that you put on the picture?" answered Ssinistri.
"What is that weakling that you put on the picture?" replied Ssinistri.
"What is that yellow thing?" "This? It's a tomato." 
"A tomato? Are there such things as yellow tomatoes?"
"What is that, by the way?" "It's couscous."
"What is that?" "It's Ziri's cat." 
"It's vibrating." 
"No, it's purring."
"What is the capital of the state of California?" "Sacramento."
"What is the capital of the state of Texas?" "Austin."
"What is the element with the atomic number 47?" "Silver."
"What is the element with the atomic number 82?" "Lead."
"What is the element with the symbol Au?" "Gold."
"What is the element with the symbol Hg?" "Mercury."
"What is the fairy's command?" "I am no fairy!"
"What is the greatest invention of the human mind?" "The compound interest!"
"What is the guarantee for it?" "I promised you."
"What is the matter?" asked the Spirit. "Nothing," said Scrooge. "Nothing. There was a boy singing a Christmas Carol at my door last night. I should like to have given him something: that's all."
"What is the most important thing to Tom?", "I have no idea, this is the first time I have been asked that question."
"What is the name for the witnesses to a baptism?" "The baptism witnesses are called godparents."
"What is the name of this book?" "The Quran."
"What is the nationality of our friends?" "Italian."
"What is the nationality of your teachers?" "Romanian."
"What is the planet we live on called?" "Earth."
"What is the plural of Nazi?" - "Assholes."
"What is the time?" "Four-ish."
"What is the time?" "It is twenty minutes to three."
"What is the weather like over there?" "It's nice."
"What is the weather like over there?" "It’s nice."
"What is there to drink?" "Water or fruit juice."
"What is this butterfly called?" "Well, it's not a butterfly at all, it's a moth."
"What is this disgusting thing?" "It's a spider. That's all."
"What is this language?" "It's Berber."
"What is this? An offering?" "That's right. Put it in this offertory box ... and pull this rope."
"What is this? An offering?" "That’s right. Put it in this offertory box ... and pull this rope."
"What is this?" "A flying squirrel."
"What is this?" "Don't touch that."
"What is this?" "Hell."
"What is this?" "It's a peach."
"What is this?" "It's vinaigrette."
"What is this?" "This is a peach."
"What is this?" "This? A peach."
"What is to be done with the children?" That was the chief question now.
"What is to be human?" "To be human is to be European with blue eyes and blonde hair."
"What is today?" "The 6th of June."
"What is tomorrow's date?" "Tomorrow is Tuesday, the twenty-fourth of October."
"What is worse? Ignorance or apathy?” “I don’t know and I don’t care.”
"What is wrong with me opening the door?" "I find this very emasculating."
"What is your aunts' nationality?" "Portuguese."
"What is your biggest fear, Tom?" "That I might lose Maria."
"What is your dream for the future, Tom?" "Mine? I want to become a househusband!"
"What is your favorite food?" "My favorite food is chocolate vanilla ice cream."
"What is your full name, please?" "Tom Miller."
"What is your grandparents' nationality?" "Ethiopian."
"What is your grandparents' nationality?" "Latvian."
"What is your hair color?" - "Chestnut brown."
"What is your job?" "I'm a Berber teacher."
"What is your name, miss?" "Stop boozing up, Tom! I'm tired of making acquaintances of you every day!"
"What is your name?" "My name is Charles."
"What is your nationality?" "Argentine."
"What is your nationality?" "Hungarian."
"What is your relationship to him?" "I'm his father."
"What is your relationship to him?" "I’m his father."
"What is your religion? Christianity? Judaism? Buddhism? Or are you an atheist" "No, I'm a humorist!"
"What is your smartphone used for, Tom?" "I don't know either. But everybody has it."
"What is ‘The Hunger Games’?" "I don't know. I hope it's not about people who are hungry."
"What job did you do for her?" "I often read to her."
"What kind of apes are those?" "Those aren't apes, they're our new neighbors!"
"What kind of apple is this?" -"Antonovka."
"What kind of apples are these?" "Antonovka."
"What kind of beer do you want?" "What do you have on tap?"
"What kind of beer do you want?" "Whatever's on tap."
"What kind of bird is that?" "Looks like a cardinal."
"What kind of book are you reading?" "A novel."
"What kind of bouquet would you like?" "I would like a bunch of roses!"
"What kind of car do you drive, Tom?" "Ah, a Volvo." 
"Really?" "Of course not! I don't have one."
"What kind of feeling?" the shopkeeper asked.
"What kind of fish is that?" "It's a type of fatty fish, high in Omega-3 fatty acids and protein."
"What kind of girls do you like most?" "The ones that love me."
"What kind of girls do you like the most?" "The kind who love me."
"What kind of music do you want to hear?" "Put on something romantic."
"What kind of person was Tom?" "I'll put it this way: somebody who no one here misses."
"What kind of person was Tom?" "I'll put it this way: somebody who nobody here misses."
"What kind of person was Tom?" "I'll put it this way: someone who no one here misses."
"What kind of person was Tom?" "I'll put it this way: someone who nobody here misses."
"What kind of pet is always found on the floor?" "A carpet."
"What kind of place are you looking for, if I may ask?" "I was wondering if there was one with WiFi." 
"In that case, how about this one?"
"What kind of plants do you grow?" "I really love succulents. I have a few different varieties that I take care of."
"What kind of sensation?" asked the salesperson.
"What kind of truck do you have?" "It's a Mercedes."
"What kind of wood is that?" "It's ash."
"What kind of wood is that?" "It's beech."
"What kind of wood is that?" "It's oak."
"What kind of wood is that?" "It's spruce."
"What kind of wood is that?" "It's walnut."
"What language are those people speaking?" "Greek."
"What language do you speak at home?" "Berber."
"What language do you speak the most?" "Berber."
"What language do you think in?" "Most of the time I think in Toki Pona."
"What language do you write to Father Christmas in?" "In English, of course."
"What language is that? I can't understand a word of it." 
"Greek."
"What language were you speaking?" "Berber."
"What languages do you know, Mary?" "C++, Java and a little PHP. What about you, Tom?" "French, Japanese and Hebrew."
"What languages do you know, Tom?" "C++, Java and a little PHP. What about you, Mary?" "French, Japanese and Hebrew."
"What made you choose Algiers over Paris?" "Oh, where do I start?"
"What made you decide to become a doctor?" "I was interested in the human body, and I wanted to help other people."
"What make is your car?" "It is a Ford."
"What manner o' thing is your crocodile?" "It is shap'd, sir, like itself, and it is as broad as it hath breadth; it is just so high as it is, and moves with its own organs. It lives by that which nourisheth it, and the elements once out of it, it transmigrates." 
"What color is it of?" "Of its own color too." 
"'Tis a strange serpent." 
"'Tis so. And the tears of it are wet."
"What matters is on the inside," said Jack the Ripper.
"What may you be wantin'?" she asked, in a Northern accent. "I am your neighbour over yonder," said I, nodding towards my house. "I see that you have only just moved in, so I thought that if I could be of any help to you in any—" "Ay, we'll just ask ye when we want ye," said she, and shut the door in my face.
"What nationality am I?" "Maltese."
"What nationality are his friends?" "Australian."
"What nationality are his neighbors?" "Ethiopian."
"What nationality are his neighbors?" "Finnish."
"What nationality are his neighbors?" "French."
"What nationality are his neighbors?" "German."
"What nationality are his neighbors?" "Greek."
"What nationality are his neighbors?" "Irish."
"What nationality are his neighbors?" "Italian."
"What nationality are his neighbors?" "Malaysian."
"What nationality are our cousins?" "Maltese."
"What nationality are our parents?" "Maltese."
"What nationality are our relatives?" "Portuguese."
"What nationality are our siblings?" "Italian."
"What nationality are their parents?" "Maltese."
"What nationality are they?" "Maltese."
"What nationality are you all?" "Maltese."
"What nationality are you guys?" "Maltese."
"What nationality are you?" "Maltese."
"What nationality are your brothers?" "Paraguayan."
"What nationality are your cousins?" "Maltese."
"What nationality are your friends?" "Norwegian."
"What nationality are your grandmothers?" "Chinese."
"What nationality are your grandparents?" "Belgian."
"What nationality are your grandparents?" "Slovak."
"What nationality are your neighbours?" "Finnish."
"What nationality are your parents?" "Maltese."
"What nationality are your professors?" "Swedish."
"What nationality are your professors?" "They're Syrian."
"What nationality are your siblings?" "Paraguayan."
"What nationality are your teachers?" "Canadian."
"What nationality are your teachers?" "Hungarians."
"What nationality are your teachers?" "Spanish."
"What nationality are your uncles?" "Bosnian."
"What nationality is he?" "Maltese."
"What nationality is her family?" "Ukrainian."
"What nationality is his family?" "Ukrainian."
"What nationality is she?" "Maltese."
"What nationality is your doctor?" "Serbian."
"What nationality were her grandparents?" "Slovenian."
"What nationality were his grandparents?" "Slovenian."
"What nationality were our brothers?" "Italian."
"What nationality were our cousins?" "Irish."
"What nationality were our cousins?" "Syrian."
"What nationality were our grandmothers?" - "Peruvian."
"What nationality were our neighbors?" "Paraguayan."
"What nationality were your cousins?" "English."
"What nationality were your cousins?" "Greek."
"What nationality were your female friends?" "French."
"What nationality were your grandparents?" "Portuguese."
"What nationality were your grandparents?" "Ukrainian."
"What nationality were your sisters?" "Latvian."
"What nationality were your students?" "Irish."
"What now? ..Hey, Edgeworth. Nice to see you." 
"Likewise." 
"What brings you here?" "A friend of yours happens to be a client of mine."
"What now?" "I don't know. They didn't tell me anything else."
"What now?" whispered Holmes. "Is he giving us the slip?"
"What occupation do you not like?" "It's a butcher."
"What on earth put such a notion into your head?" she demanded disapprovingly.
"What party is in power?" "One that pretends that its members share Christian values." 
"And with what party do you want to replace them?" "A coalition that pretends to be for gay rights."
"What party is in power?" "One that pretends that its members share Christian values." 
"And with what party do you want to replace them?" "A coalition that pretends to support gay rights."
"What place have I in your affections? Perhaps you had forgotten me." 
"No! my Daphnis, I still cherish the remembrance of you."
"What plans have you got for the weekend?" - "I don't even know..."
"What qualifies you to opine on such a subject?" "I don't need a PhD to talk about basic truths."
"What religion do you follow?" "Islam."
"What religion is true?" "Islam, of course!"
"What shall I call him?" he said to himself. "I think I'll call him Pinocchio."
"What shall I do next?" she said to herself.
"What shall I do with this mouldy bread?" "If it's gone mouldy, throw it in the bin."
"What shall I do?" I said to myself.
"What shall we call him, Necile?" she asked, smiling. "He must have a name, you know."
"What shall we do for the rest of the evening?" "Suggest something."
"What shall we do with the rubbish, Mr Wood?" asked Pip.
"What shall we do with the rubbish, Mr Wood?", asked Pip.
"What shall we have for breakfast tomorrow, bread or rice?" "I don't mind either way."
"What shirt size are you?" "I'm a large."
"What should I do if I miss the last train?" "If you aren't able to get back home then you can stay here."
"What should I do next?" she said to herself.
"What should I do with this moldy bread?" "If it's moldy, throw it in the trash."
"What should I do?" I said to myself.
"What should we do with this unnatural English sentence of yours?" "Change it or delete it. Just make it work somehow."
"What skills do you have?" "Well, hmm, I know how to play the digeridoo on a unicycle."
"What smells so good?" "It's couscous."
"What sort of a duck are you?" they all said, coming round him. He bowed to them, and was as polite as he could be, but he did not reply to their question. "You are exceedingly ugly," said the wild ducks, "but that will not matter if you do not want to marry one of our family."
"What sort of book are you reading?" "A novel."
"What sort of wood is that?" "It's ash."
"What sort of wood is that?" "It's beech."
"What sort of wood is that?" "It's oak."
"What sort of wood is that?" "It's spruce."
"What sort of wood is that?" "It's walnut."
"What star is closest to the Earth?" "Isn't it Alpha Centauri?" "No! It's the sun!"
"What the Holocaust setting does for this film, which addresses questions that are more human than Jewish," explains director Tim Blake Nelson, "is it furnishes the audience, through its historical accuracy, with a level of credibility."
"What the fuck is this shit?" thought Tom.
"What the heck was that?" "It must have been a hyena."
"What the hell is this?" "Fuck if I know."
"What the hell is this?" "I don't have to explain anything to you."
"What the hell is this?" "Rehearsal."
"What the hell? You can't kick me out of my house! That is illegal, you know." 
"Uh, I might have gotten drunk and put the castle on eBay." 
"You... you did what?" "I think he said he put the castle on eBay." 
"I know what he said!" "Do not worry, my friends, I'm going to take care of this situation. We're going to crash at Duke Onkled's!" "...You've got to be kidding."
"What the hell?! Hark, what have you done?" "Nothing yet. ...No, I have."
"What tie are you going to wear?" "The one I bought yesterday."
"What tie are you putting on?" "The one I bought yesterday."
"What time are you from, O turtle?", said someone to the turtle. "I can't say. We've been like this since forever."
"What time are you leaving?" "At eight o'clock."
"What time did you get out of bed today?" "Around eight."
"What time did you get up today?" "About five in the morning." 
"And when did you go to bed?" "Just after ten."
"What time did you go to sleep last night?" "Around 2:30."
"What time did you stay awake until last night?" "Until about half two in the morning."
"What time do you get up?" "Eight."
"What time do you guys wake up?" "Eight o'clock."
"What time does Tom think we should get up in the morning?" "Half four." 
"Half four? Is he daft?"
"What time is he coming tomorrow?" "He'll let you know tonight."
"What time is it in Bangalore?" "One o'clock."
"What time is it in Omsk?" "It's one."
"What time is it in Omsk?" "One."
"What time is it now?" "Half two". "Deary me! I had wanted to get to bed a bit earlier this evening!"
"What time is it now?" "It's 10 o'clock."
"What time is it now?" "It's 2.30."
"What time is it now?" "It's 2:30."
"What time is it now?" "It's 3.30."
"What time is it now?" "It's 3:30."
"What time is it now?" "It's exactly 10 o'clock."
"What time is it now?" "It's half past three."
"What time is it now?" "It's half past two."
"What time is it now?" "It's half three."
"What time is it now?" "It's ten o'clock."
"What time is it now?" "It’s 10 o’clock."
"What time is it now?" "It’s 3:30."
"What time is it now?" "It’s ten o’clock."
"What time is it?" "2:30." 
"Really? I wanted to go to sleep early today, too."
"What time is it?" "I don't know." 
"Give me a rough idea." 
"I haven't got a rough idea."
"What time is it?" "It is ten-thirty."
"What time is it?" "It's 2:30."
"What time is it?" "It's 3.20."
"What time is it?" "It's 3:20."
"What time is it?" "It's a quarter to six."
"What time is it?" "It's two hairs past a freckle."
"What time is it?" "It’s 3:20."
"What time is it?" "Pardon me?" "Are you deaf? What time is it?" "You spoilt brat, who do you think you're talking to? Leave this classroom immediately."
"What time is it?" "Ten to." 
"Ten to what?" "Tend to your own damn business."
"What time is it?" "Twenty past three."
"What time is it?" he wondered.
"What time is our appointment?" "Three PM!"
"What time is our date?" "Three PM!"
"What time is our meeting?" - "Wait, I need to check."
"What time is your dentist's appointment?" "Tooth hurty."
"What time will it be?" he wondered.
"What time will you be finished?" "I'm not sure yet."
"What time would you like that for?" "Two o'clock would be good."
"What time would you like that for?" "Two o’clock would be good."
"What time?" "It was last night, sir, somewhere about twelve."
"What toppings do you want on the pizza?" "Anything but anchovies."
"What type of butterfly is this?" "Actually, it's not a butterfly, it's a moth."
"What type of person is Tom?" "Well, in the best of cases he's honest, but in the worst he's somewhat stubborn."
"What was for lunch?" "Mary's delicious pumpkin soup. The pot was empty in no time at all."
"What was in the post today?" "Nothing important."
"What was it like for you just being there at the end of such utter domination?" "It was frustrating. You know, it was miserable. It sucked. It was terrible. Besides that, it was fine."
"What was that like?" "It was a big thrill".
"What was that look?" "You're lying again."
"What was that person saying?" "He couldn't communicate in Russian at all so I told him off in Russian."
"What was that person saying?" "He couldn’t communicate in Russian at all so I told him off in Russian."
"What was that?" "Just an owl."
"What was that?" "Nothing."
"What was that?" "Two cats hissing at each other."
"What was the name of that space theme park in Kyushu?" "Oh, you mean Space World." 
"Yeah, what happened to it?" "It went out of business a few years ago."
"What was this man's name? Did he introduce himself?" "Yes. No. I don't know." 
"Well, that answer doesn't really get me anywhere, does it? Have another think!"
"What was wrong with it?" "The filter was clogged up."
"What was your cousins' nationality?" "Greek."
"What was your grandmother like?" "I can hardly remember her."
"What was your impression when told that you had won the Nobel prize for literature?" "Sincerely, I'd been waiting for that announcement for thirty years."
"What was your teachers' nationality?" "Argentinian."
"What was your uncles' nationality?" "Hungarian."
"What way do you vote, Matthew?" "Conservative," said Matthew promptly.
"What were their names?" "Why do you care?"
"What were you and Tom talking about?" "It was just small talk."
"What were you doing out there?" "I was exploring."
"What were you doing staring at her boobs?" "What are you talking about?"
"What were you doing yesterday evening at 8 o'clock?" "I was having dinner with my family, but while we were eating, my brother surfed the Internet."
"What were you doing?" "Nothing important."
"What were you just doing?" "I was talking to Tom."
"What were you like in high school?" "I was quiet but really good at chemistry."
"What were you reading?" "Something from the sacred scriptures."
"What were you speaking?" "Berber."
"What were you thinking about?" "I wasn't thinking about anything."
"What were you thinking?" "I wasn't thinking."
"What were you two talking about?" "Nothing."
"What will I tell Tom?" "Don't worry. You'll come up with something."
"What will happen to our Kabyle language?" "It will endure forever!"
"What will happen to our Kabyle language?" "It will last forever!"
"What will happen to our Kabyle language?" "It will stay ad vitam aeternam!"
"What will he order at the restaurant?" "I think some sushi."
"What will she order at the restaurant?" "I think some sushi."
"What will the neighbours think if you all keep arguing so loud?" – "I'm not interested in what they think! Let them think what they want!"
"What will trigonometric functions ever do for me in the future?!" "If you have time to whine, why don't get your housework done quickly instead?!"
"What will we do if we miss the last train?" "How about waiting until morning at an internet café or somewhere else?"
"What will we tell Tom?" "Don't worry. I'll come up with something."
"What will we tell Tom?" "Don't worry. Mary will come up with something."
"What will you do tomorrow?" "I'm going to the beach."
"What will you have to do?" asked her friend.
"What will you order at the restaurant?" "I think some sushi."
"What will you wear for graduation ceremony? Long-sleeved kimono? Hakama? Suit?" "Long-sleeved kimono and suit can be worn even if it's not a graduation ceremony, so maybe hakama."
"What would happen if I touched a painting?" "I think an alarm would sound off."
"What would you do if you knew that tomorrow was the end of the world?" "Nothing different from what I'd do if I didn't know."
"What would you do if you won a million dollars?" "I'd definitely quit my job."
"What would you like for afters today, Tom?" "Some yoghurt will do for me today."
"What would you like for dessert, ice cream or cake?" "Yes."
"What would you like for lunch?" "It doesn't matter, whatever you've got."
"What would you like on your sandwich, honey or condensed milk?" "Both, and don't bother with the bread."
"What would you like to buy?" "I would like to buy a dog."
"What would you like to do?" "Go on a picnic."
"What would you like to do?" "I don't know. What would you like to do?"
"What would you like to do?" "I don't know."
"What would you like to drink?" "A dry martini."
"What would you like to drink?" "Oh, I would be liking orange juice, thank you." 
"It's 'I would like', not 'I would be liking'." 
"Grr. . . cut me some slack! I've only been learning this language for three months!"
"What would you like?" "I would like a dog."
"What would you like?" "I'd like three cups of coffee, please."
"What would you think if someone mocked you after your death?" "Literally nothing."
"What would your mother think?" "She's never going to find out."
"What you don't find there is nowhere on earth", says Apuleius in The Golden Ass or Metamorphoses, V. 2.
"What you said is wrong." 
"Then what should I say?"
"What you said wasn't true." 
"I know. I lied."
"What you say is right, so pay attention." 
"I am paying attention, so repeat it."
"What! You're still with that girl?" and we answer: "What can I do! I LOVE her!"
"What! You're still with that guy?" and we answer: "What can I do! I LOVE him!"
"What! You’re still with that girl?" and we answer: "What can I do! I LOVE her!"
"What! You’re still with that guy?" and we answer: "What can I do! I LOVE him!"
"What! it's you, mademoiselle?" said Mouret, whom Denise despite all her manoeuvring found before her on the staircase, a small pocket-candleholder in his hand.
"What!" "Let's kiss..." 
"Nah! Brush your teeth, first!"
"What!" he cried, "you know my name?"
"What'll you have?" "The same as usual."
"What're you doing?" "The household books. Our finances are pretty tight so we have to do things properly."
"What're you learning at school?" "Latin."
"What're you making?" "It's pumpkin soup."
"What's Donna's name?" "What? Whoops, it's good that no one heard us."
"What's Grandma doing?" "She's sleeping on the couch."
"What's Mary's French like?" "Brilliant!"
"What's Mary's boyfriend's name?" "She doesn't even have one!"
"What's Ramadan?" "It's the holy month of Islam."
"What's Sven's nationality?" "He's Danish."
"What's Tom been up to that's got you so hot and bothered?" "Best ask him yourself."
"What's Tom doing here?" "He must've taken a wrong turn at Albuquerque."
"What's Tom doing now?" "You don't want to know."
"What's Tom going to do?" "He didn't say."
"What's Tom's father's name?" "How should I know? Is Tom my best friend or yours?" "I thought you'd know." 
"Well, you thought wrong. Sorry."
"What's Tom's favorite band?" "Tom Tom Club, of course!"
"What's Tom's name?" "What do you think it is?"
"What's Tom's real name?" "Tom's real name is Tom." 
"Really? I thought 'Tom' was an alias."
"What's Yanni doing in Algeria?" "He lives there."
"What's a bear?" "I was going to ask that myself."
"What's a crumble cake?" "It's a cake with a crumble topping." 
"And what's crumble?" "It's what's on top of the cake." 
"Blimey, you're good at explaining things, aren't you?"
"What's a mosque?" "It's like a church with no chairs."
"What's all this beer doing in the fridge?" "I've got the guys coming over."
"What's all this? You ought to be ashamed," said the policeman.
"What's an Algerian?" "It's a person from Algeria."
"What's buzzing?" "It's just a June beetle."
"What's chorizo?" "It's a type of meat. It's like a spicy sausage."
"What's demonography?" "That says demography, Tom."
"What's done is done", said the deer.
"What's for afters today?" "Semolina. Grandad wanted it."
"What's for dessert today?" "Semolina. It's what Grandad wanted."
"What's for dinner tonight?" "I'm thinking of making grilled salmon."
"What's for dinner tonight?" "We'll be having takeout from your favorite Chinese restaurant."
"What's for dinner?" "Couscous."
"What's for dinner?" "Couscous." 
"Again?"
"What's for dinner?" "Tonight we're eating couscous."
"What's for lunch?" "Couscous." 
"I'm vegetarian." 
"You can eat it without meat."
"What's going on here?" "Oh, just the usual bickering."
"What's going on here?" "Ziri wanted to steal something."
"What's going on in the cave? I'm curious." 
"I have no idea."
"What's going on with Tom?" "He said his computer got a virus."
"What's going on?" "Nothing is going on."
"What's going on?" asked Mary when she saw Tom crying on the floor.
"What's going to happen?" "I don't know."
"What's happened?" "The speakers aren't working properly."
"What's happening in the cave? I'm curious." 
"I have no idea."
"What's happening?" "Not much."
"What's happening?" "Nothing much."
"What's happening?" "Oh, not much. You?"
"What's happening?" murmured a voice from the other end of the room.
"What's happening?" murmured a voice from the other side of the living room.
"What's he been eating?" "The last thing, I think, was a kettle." 
"A kettle of what?" "No. A kettle. A black thing with a handle and spout."
"What's hell?" "It's complete and total isolation from everyone and everything." 
"That sounds nice. I'll take that."
"What's her name?" "Skura." 
"It sounds German." 
"Yeah, but it's Algerian."
"What's his first name?" "Ziri."
"What's his name?" "Yanni." 
"Yanni? It's such an unusual name."
"What's his name?" "Ziri." 
"Ziri? Sounds like a typo." 
"It's a Berber name." 
"What?" "A Berber name. You don't know shit about anything."
"What's his size?" "XL."
"What's in here?" he asked, tapping the safe.
"What's in that box?" "Nothing."
"What's in that box?" "Well, I'm not about to tell you that, am I?"
"What's in that glass?" "Wine."
"What's in the thermos?" "Tea."
"What's in this bottle?" "It's olive oil."
"What's in your cauldron?" "It's just soup!"
"What's it like out there today?" "Nice."
"What's it like out there?" "It's spits and spots of rain."
"What's it like staying at the hotel?" "Boring."
"What's new with you?" "I just found out I've been transferred to the another division."
"What's new?" "Not much."
"What's new?" "Nothing much."
"What's new?" "There's not much happening here."
"What's on the inside is what's important," said Jack the Ripper.
"What's on your mind?" "Lunch."
"What's on your mind?" "Lunchtime."
"What's sexy about her isn't her chest or anything, but it's those eyes." 
"I totally get what you mean."
"What's she wearing?" "A Kabyle dress."
"What's so funny?" "Nothing."
"What's that awful splash that looks like vomit in the picture?" "Well, my friend, this is abstract art: it represents the new world."
"What's that beautiful golden dome?" "The Dome of the Rock."
"What's that black eye?" "It's nothing, really." 
"Did Sami beat you again?"
"What's that building?" "It's a bank."
"What's that bulbous thing?" "It's a bulb."
"What's that for?" "It's for collecting tree sap."
"What's that noise?" "It's a deer barking." 
"In the middle of the town centre?"
"What's that noise?" "Steve practising his dance moves."
"What's that novel?" "'Marta,' translated by Zamenhof."
"What's that rainbow flag. Are you one of them, too?" "Oh, fuck off. I use that as a symbol of peace."
"What's that sound?" "It sounds like a woodpecker."
"What's that supposed to mean?" he asked in a bellicose tone.
"What's that thing on the wall?" "It's a surveillance camera."
"What's that ugly man's picture doing in the bathroom?" "Honey, that's a mirror."
"What's that village's name?" "What village?"
"What's that word again?" "Zymurgy." 
"Is that the name of a villain?"
"What's that you're drinking?" "It's like a health drink that Mary's concocted from all sorts of natural ingredients. Tastes quite good. Fancy a cup?" "Er, nah, I'll give it a miss, thanks."
"What's that you've got behind your back?" "Nothing. Nothing at all." 
"Show me!" "For goodness sake, Mary! It's your birthday present. It was meant to be a surprise. Why do you always come bursting into the room like that without knocking?"
"What's that?" "A Kabyle dress."
"What's that?" "A peach."
"What's that?" "Beethoven." 
"That is top! Mate, that is sweet as!"
"What's that?" "How am I supposed to know?"
"What's that?" "It's Skura screaming." 
"I thought it was a pig squealing."
"What's that?" "It's Yanni. He's snoring."
"What's that?" "It's a Jewish star."
"What's that?" "It's a Magen David."
"What's that?" "It's a booger."
"What's that?" "It's a book."
"What's that?" "It's a gun." 
"Give it here!"
"What's that?" "It's a skeeter-eater." 
"A what?" "A crane fly."
"What's that?" "That's a Jewish star."
"What's that?" "That's a Magen David."
"What's that?" "This is a peach."
"What's that?" "What does it look like?"
"What's the B for?" "Berber."
"What's the Bayou State?" "It's Louisiana."
"What's the best way to determine the gender of the child?" "Look between its legs."
"What's the book about?" " "It's about two lovers who couldn't be more different from each other."
"What's the capital of California?" "Los Angeles." 
"No; it's Sacramento."
"What's the capital of Sri Lanka?" "Sri Jayawardenapura Kotte." 
"Correct!"
"What's the catch?" "There's no catch. I swear."
"What's the catch?" "There's no catch."
"What's the code?" "Fuckhole."
"What's the difference between Islam and Christianity?" "Why are you asking this question?"
"What's the difference between a wizard and a sorcerer?" "It depends on which fictional world you're in."
"What's the difference between erotic and kinky?" "Erotic is when you use a feather and kinky is when you use a whole chicken."
"What's the easiest way to get to Hull?" "Well, I wouldn't start from here."
"What's the easiest way to learn kanji?" "I don't think there is an easy way. It probably varies from person to person, but I think if you really want to learn, the best option is to just write them, even if it's a hassle."
"What's the first thing you did when you woke up this morning?" "I went back to sleep."
"What's the game here?" "There's no game."
"What's the generic term for a muppet?" "Puppet?" "Hmmm..."
"What's the hold-up? Finish me off." 
"Soon. I'm... busy." 
"'Busy'?
"What's the language that you're planning to learn?" "Berber."
"What's the matter now?" demanded Marilla.
"What's the matter with you?" she demanded.
"What's the matter? Are you all right?" "Oh, I haven't been all right for a while now."
"What's the matter?" "I can't find my keys." 
"Which ones?" "My bicycle ones."
"What's the matter?" asked the little white rabbit.
"What's the matter?" she called.
"What's the name of the German president?" "Frank-Walter Steinmeier."
"What's the name of the exhibition you saw?" "Photography Then and Now."
"What's the nearest star to the Earth?" "Alpha Centauri." 
"Wrong! The correct answer is the Sun."
"What's the new bloke like?" "Tom? A bit la-di-da."
"What's the new guy like?" "Tom? A little stuck-up."
"What's the new guy like?" "Tom? Kind of hoity-toity."
"What's the next thing to do?" "Stop typing."
"What's the pay?" "Twenty dollars an hour."
"What's the plural of Nazi?" "Scumbags."
"What's the point of people going into space, Glen?" "Shirley, it's life insurance. If all the eggs are in one basket, as on our Earth, it's risky. We need people out in superstructures in space, on colonies on moons, and on colonies on planets."
"What's the problem? I know you were given money yesterday." 
"I did indeed, but I have to buy books and other things I need."
"What's the purpose of your stay?" "It is to participate in the volunteer activity held by the village of Giban."
"What's the purpose of your visit here?" "It's personal."
"What's the purpose of your visit?" "I'm a tourist."
"What's the reason for your allergy this time? Is it the olive oil in the salad?" "No, it's the tomatoes."
"What's the score with you and Céline?" "What do you mean?" "Are you two...? You know." 
"No, I don't know." 
"I mean: are you two seeing each other?" "Oh. Yeah, we are... sort of." 
"What do you mean, 'sort of'?" "I mean: mind your own business, Gwynn!"
"What's the score?" "We're one-nil down." 
"How long left?" "Ten minutes plus stoppage time." 
"They'd better pull their finger out, then."
"What's the time now?" "It's 2.30."
"What's the time?" "A little past midnight."
"What's the time?" "A little past noon."
"What's the time?" "I don't have a watch."
"What's the time?" "It is twenty minutes past three."
"What's the time?" "It's 2:30."
"What's the time?" "It's early afternoon."
"What's the time?" "Quarter to one." 
"I'll treat you to lunch. You must be hungry." 
"I've got some sandwiches my wife made me."
"What's the weather like on Venus?" "Overcast."
"What's the weather like where you are?" "Constant rain yesterday, nothing but sun today."
"What's the weather like where you are?" "Yesterday it did nothing but rain, while today it's unbroken sunshine."
"What's the weather like?" "It's hammering down."
"What's this big tower in the center of Berlin?" "It's the Fernsehturm!"
"What's this insect called?" "It's a June beetle."
"What's this language?" "It's Berber."
"What's this music?" "It's techno."
"What's this noise?" "It's either a thief or a ghost."
"What's this noise?" "Yanni is beating his wife again." 
"We should call the police."
"What's this piece for?" "The Guardian."
"What's this scar from?" "I don't want to talk about it."
"What's this sentence supposed to mean?" "What don't you understand about it?"
"What's this shop?" "Should we go in and have a look?" "OK."
"What's this smell?" "It's olive oil."
"What's this smell?" "What do you mean? I'm not smelling anything." 
"Is that you? Did you just fart? Yeah, it's you! Ew!" "Fuck off!"
"What's this sound? It's coming from inside the cat." 
"It's purring. This means that the cat is happy." 
"Really?"
"What's this sound?" "It's jackals."
"What's this strange music?" "It's hard rock."
"What's this, Dawson!" he cried. "No gossiping! Go about your business!"
"What's this? It's delicious." 
"I don't know what they call it. Just eat it."
"What's this?" "A Kabyle dress." 
"Is that for me." 
"Sure it is, sweetheart!"
"What's this?" "A mosquito bite."
"What's this?" "For you." 
"Oh, thank you!"
"What's this?" "It's a flush." 
"Interesting concept."
"What's this?" "It's a gift for you." 
"Oh, that's so sweet! Thank you!"
"What's this?" "It's a peach."
"What's this?" "It's a scientific magazine." 
"Scientific magazine my foot!" "OK, it's an adult magazine."
"What's this?" "It's called a 'chisel', it's a tool used for carving wood."
"What's this?" "It's called couscous. Dig in!"
"What's this?" "It's chicken."
"What's this?" "It's eggs."
"What's this?" "It's feta cheese. My niece loves that stuff. She puts it on everything." 
"Everything? Even ice cream?" "Okay, maybe not everything. . ."
"What's this?" "It's just a shopping list."
"What's this?" "It's peanuts." 
"Penis." 
"No! It's peanuts!"
"What's this?" "Open it."
"What's this?" "Some flowers for you."
"What's this?" "This is a Berber book."
"What's this?" "This is a Berber dictionary."
"What's this?" "This is a Berber workbook."
"What's this?" "You tell me." 
"I think it's a body."
"What's this?" asked Tony.
"What's today's date?" "It's October 20th."
"What's today's date?" "It's the 20th."
"What's today?" "It's the day of the Star Festival!"
"What's today?" "Thursday."
"What's today?" cried Scrooge, calling downward to a boy in Sunday clothes, who perhaps had loitered in to look about him. "Eh?" returned the boy, with all his might of wonder. "What's today, my fine fellow?" said Scrooge. "Today!" replied the boy. "Why, Christmas Day."
"What's tomorrow? Thursday?" "No, Nan, it's Sunday." 
"Already Sunday, is it? The days fly by, don't they!"
"What's up with Tom today? He almost slammed the door in my face when I came in behind him a minute ago." 
"He's just found out that Mary was promoted ahead of him and is now his line manager. Best give him a wide berth."
"What's up with his voice?" "Look down." 
"HELLO." 
"I see. He texts with his mouth." 
"A crude description, but accurate."
"What's up, Cookie?" "Meow." 
"You always say that."
"What's up, kitty-cat?" "MEOW!" "Really? Wow!"
"What's up? Fidgeting around in front of the house." 
"Um ... I was waiting for you to come back."
"What's up? Fidgeting like that" "Er, well, it looks like the elastic's gone in my pants."
"What's up?" "I don't have the wrench." 
"What wrench?" "The bicycle wrench."
"What's up?" "Not much, just trying to hang in there."
"What's up?" "Nothing much to say."
"What's up?" "The key's gone." 
"Which key?" "The bike key."
"What's up?" Elias called out to Sandra.
"What's with that silver hatchback parked outside?" "It's the neighbor across the street's new car."
"What's with this symbol? Were you rushing?" "Not at all. It's a heart symbol. Try turning your head to the side." 
"Ah, it really is. Thanks."
"What's with you today?" "I'd rather not get into it, if you don't mind."
"What's wrong about this one?" "It's too perfect."
"What's wrong here?" "The author's DNA".
"What's wrong with Tom?" "His computer is infected with a virus."
"What's wrong with you, Maria?" "I don't know."
"What's wrong with you?" "Go fuck yourself!"
"What's wrong with you?" "Leave me alone for a while. It's none of your business."
"What's wrong with your phone?" "It doesn't do anything."
"What's wrong, Mary?" "I don't know."
"What's wrong, Mary?" "Nothing!" "The last time you said that, you were pregnant. So, what's wrong?"
"What's wrong? You're the only one here. Aren't you going to head home?" "I need to write something down in the logbook, but I'm stuck trying to figure out what to write." 
"Need some help?" "Really? Thanks!"
"What's wrong?" "As if I know."
"What's wrong?" "I can't get my car started."
"What's wrong?" "I don't have a key."
"What's wrong?" "I've got blisters on my feet..." 
"Well, didn't I tell you not to come with the new shoes? Here, I have bandages." 
"Thanks."
"What's wrong?" "Just some problems at our company."
"What's wrong?" "My computer just crashed."
"What's wrong?" "Nothing's wrong."
"What's wrong?" "Nothing."
"What's wrong?" "The key's missing." 
"Which key?" "My bike key."
"What's wrong?" "The speakers aren't working properly."
"What's wrong?" "The speakers aren't working well."
"What's wrong?" "Uh, nothing."
"What's your biggest fear?" "Being forgotten."
"What's your dad?" "He's a baker."
"What's your decision?" "Can I sleep on it?"
"What's your favorite city?" "Algiers, of course."
"What's your favorite food?" "Couscous with chicken."
"What's your favorite food?" "Fish and chips with mayonnaise."
"What's your favorite language?" "Berber."
"What's your favorite language?" "My favorite language is Berber."
"What's your favorite movie?" "Casablanca." 
"I love that movie."
"What's your favorite planet?" "Earth."
"What's your favorite planet?" "New York."
"What's your favorite subject?" "Berber."
"What's your favorite tea?" "Coffee."
"What's your favourite Stone Roses album?" "Well, it's not Second Coming!"
"What's your favourite colour? Do you have a favourite colour?" "My favourite colour is ochre."
"What's your favourite planet?" "Earth."
"What's your favourite tea?" "Coffee."
"What's your full name?" "Mennad Bakir."
"What's your game?" "I don't have a game."
"What's your job?" "I'm a Berber teacher."
"What's your language?" "Berber, of course!"
"What's your name, nurse?" "Rima." 
"Such a beautiful name. My favorite granddaughter is named Rima, too."
"What's your name," asked Yanni finally. "Skura," she replied.
"What's your name?" "Coca." 
"Your name is Coca, like the drink?" "What drink?" "Never mind. Nice to meet you, Coca. My name is Ziri."
"What's your name?" "I thought you would never ask. I'm Skura." 
"And I'm Yanni. Nice to meet you." 
"Nice to meet you, too." 
"Skura, can I tell you something?" "Yes." 
"You have the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen in my life."
"What's your name?" "I thought you would never ask."
"What's your name?" "I'm Robert."
"What's your name?" "Leon." 
"That's a great name!"
"What's your name?" "Mary," the little girl said shyly.
"What's your name?" "Mary." 
"That's a pretty name."
"What's your name?" "Mennad." 
"And your last name is...?" "Bakir."
"What's your name?" "Muhammad." 
"Are you Muslim?" "Yes."
"What's your name?" "My name is Tom."
"What's your name?" "My name's Tom."
"What's your name?" "Skura." 
"Are there many Skuras in your village?"
"What's your name?" "Tatoeba." 
"Is that your real name?" "No."
"What's your name?" "Tom," the little boy said shyly.
"What's your name?" "Tom."
"What's your name?" "Tom." 
"What's the rest of your name?" "My name is Tom, just Tom."
"What's your name?" "Tom." 
"What's the whole name?" "My name is Tom, just Tom."
"What's your name?" "Yanni."
"What's your name?" "You can call me anything you like."
"What's your name?" "Ziri."
"What's your name?" I asked.
"What's your name?" — "Nijak" — "Wow that's a beautiful name."
"What's your nationality?" "Azerbaijani."
"What's your nationality?" "Azeri."
"What's your nationality?" "Bosniak."
"What's your nationality?" "Bosnian."
"What's your nationality?" "English."
"What's your nationality?" "French."
"What's your nationality?" "German."
"What's your nationality?" "Greek."
"What's your nationality?" "Italian."
"What's your nationality?" "Lebanese."
"What's your nationality?" "Polish."
"What's your nationality?" "Scottish."
"What's your nationality?" "The same as you, Algerian."
"What's your nationality?" "The same as you, Algerian." 
"Really?"
"What's your nationality?" "The same as you, Algerian." 
"Wow!"
"What's your nationality?" "The same as you, Algerian." 
"You must be kidding!"
"What's your opinion about that?" "I've no opinion." 
"Well, that's not to much."
"What's your passion?" "Translating video games."
"What's your phone number?" "It's 1234-5678."
"What's your phone number?" "It's one two three four five six seven eight."
"What's your poison?" "Oh, give me a gin and tonic."
"What's your problem with Islam?" "I don't know."
"What's your purpose?" "Yes."
"What's your religion, Cassandra?" "Sheela, I think I tend towards Animism, like Shinto or Daoism."
"What's your religion, Sam?" "I’m a syncretist." 
"What's that?" "I'm an eclectic. I mix up different ideas from different belief systems." 
"Oh, how uncanny!" "It works for me!"
"What's your religion?" "Islam, of course."
"What's your religion?" "Islam."
"What's your strongest language?" "Berber."
"What's your wife's name?" "I'm not married."
"What's zymurgy?" "Did you read this in one of your Spider-Man comics?"
"What've you been up to?" "Same old hustle."
"What've you done with those four yoghurts?" "I've eaten one, and put the rest in the fridge."
"What, I to leave thee helpless, and to flee? / O father! could'st thou fancy it? Could e'er / a parent speak of such a crime to me?"
"What, Snuffles? Dangerous? I assure you I have him well train-AAAARGH!!"
"What, to speak without a metaphor, do you call this monstrous passion which you charge me with fostering?" "Revenge, my good sir—revenge."
"What, you've never seen them live?" "No, not yet." 
"Right! That settles it. I'm booking tickets."
"What," said he, "should be done to a certain person who has deceived everyone?"
"What? Are you doubting us?" "B-but, that is, suddenly 'spirit world', 'magical beings' - it's strange to ask me to believe."
"What? Are you doubting us?" "B-but, that is, suddenly ’spirit world’, ’magical beings’ - it’s strange to ask me to believe."
"What?" "Nothing."
"What?" Pharamp asked. "Nothing," Sysko lied, "we were talking about the effect of Confucianism on modern Chinese socialism."
"What?" asked Al-Sayib. "You think that being on international TV means that you need to strut around in an Armani now?"
"What?" said the giant. "You little human, who I could crush between my fingers, you want to block my way? Who are you to speak so arrogantly?"
"Whate'er the maiden on those leaves doth trace, / in rows she sorts, and in the cave doth store."
"Whatever have you been doing with yourself, Watson?" he asked in undisguised wonder, as we rattled through the crowded London streets.
"Whatever you do, don't buy that book." 
"What? Who are you?" "I'm you from the future."
"Whatever's the matter now, Anne?" she asked.
"What’re you doing?" "The household books. Our finances are pretty tight so we have to do things properly."
"What’s going on in the cave? I’m curious." 
"I have no idea."
"What’s happening in the cave? I’m curious." 
"I have no idea."
"What’s the difference between erotic and kinky?" "Erotic is when you use a feather and kinky is when you use a whole chicken."
"What’s the matter with you?" she demanded.
"What’s the matter?" asked the little white rabbit.
"What’s this?" asked Tony.
"What’s up? Fidgeting around in front of the house." 
"Um ... I was waiting for you to come back."
"What’s up? Fidgeting like that" "Er, well, it looks like the elastic’s gone in my pants."
"What’s wrong with you?" "Leave me alone for a while. It’s none of your business."
"What’s your name?" I asked.
"What’s your poison?" "Oh, give me a gin and tonic."
"When I asked to go out drinking with some friends, did you not say that it was fine? So why are you so angry? You're contradicting yourself." 
"Not at all! You never said that you were going to be drinking with men!" "That's because Tom is just a friend, and I know that if I said I was going with him then you'd have said no."
"When I go to the grocery store, they're like, 'Wow! I never realized that behind this milk jug were all these other people involved in getting the milk from your farm to me,'" she said.
"When I look at local news and see what's happening, I'm pessimistic,'' said Kathleen Culver, journalism professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
"When I look back on my youth, I see a spiritual void," said Tom.
"When I see words and expressions that are unnecessarily convoluted, it is a huge red flag," Boissiere said.
"When I sing, sometimes I get off-pitch." 
"That's what we call 'being tone deaf'".
"When I was little, I once broke my mom's favorite necklace, and all the little pieces spilled onto the road." 
"Was she mad at you?" "I don't really remember." 
"Then how do you know you did that?" "She told me about it several times." 
"She's probably holding it against you." 
"You think?" "Maybe. Once you start making money, you should buy her another one to make up for it." 
"Alright, I will."
"When I'm grown up the very first thing I'm going to do is stay up ALL night just to see what it would be like," he told her confidentially.
"When are we arriving?" "Tomorrow morning, God willing."
"When are we finally going to meet his fiancée?" "He's not planning to introduce us to his fiancée." 
"Why not?" "Probably because he'd be ashamed of us."
"When are we going to trim the bushes?" "Next Monday would seem obvious. I don't have anything else planned for that day."
"When are you coming back?" "That all depends on the weather."
"When are you coming back?" "We'll see what the weather's like."
"When are you coming?" "We're coming next month."
"When are you finally going to be finished here? I want the room back." 
"Not yet. If it's too slow for you, lend a hand, instead of constantly mooching about the place."
"When are you going?" "We're going the day after tomorrow."
"When are you gonna call me in? These tyres are fucked!" "Don't worry there, Lewis, we need to service Nico this lap, you're next lap."
"When are you turning eighteen?" "In four months." 
"I can't wait that long."
"When can you come over?" "Sunday."
"When did Mr Ogawa arrive?" "Ten minutes ago."
"When did Tom arrive?" "Just before Mary did."
"When did Tom get here?" "About three hours ago."
"When did Tom leave?" "He left at 2:30."
"When did Tom leave?" "He left on Monday."
"When did he die?" "Last night, I believe."
"When did he die?" "Not very long ago."
"When did he get back?" "Just now, as I just told you."
"When did he return?" "Just now, as I just told you."
"When did it happen?" "When did what happen?"
"When did she say that?" "I don't remember."
"When did they leave?" "They left twenty minutes ago."
"When did they start working?" "They've been working since eight o'clock and they're very tired."
"When did this happen?" he asked, aware that the painfully tangled knot in his stomach was beginning to untie itself. "This afternoon around one-thirty."
"When did you buy it?" "Let's see. I bought it last week."
"When did you buy it?" "Let’s see. I bought it last week."
"When did you buy this minced meat?" "The day before yesterday." 
"It looks as though it's gone off. Throw it away." 
"But you should still be able to fry it."
"When did you buy this minced meat?" "The day before yesterday." 
"Looks iffy. Chuck it." 
"But you should be able to use it in a fry-up."
"When did you buy this yoghurt?" "About a fortnight ago. Why?" "The sell-by date was yesterday." 
"But you can still eat it."
"When did you come out?" "I'm not gay."
"When did you find out about it?" "Find out about what?"
"When did you return?" "I came back the day before yesterday."
"When did you see Yanni last?" "Yesterday at the mosque."
"When do services take place?" "Every Sunday at ten."
"When do the buses run?" "Twenty to and ten past."
"When do we have to be finished with this by?" "We should've had it done yesterday."
"When do you expect your father to return?" "Eight days from now."
"When do you get up?" "At 8 in the morning."
"When do you get up?" "I get up at eight."
"When do you have to return the car to Marco?" "As soon as possible."
"When do you need the information by?" "By yesterday, preferably."
"When do you swim?" "I swim in July."
"When do you think he is coming?" "On the day of the next fair, that is, October 8."
"When do you watch TV?" "I watch TV after dinner."
"When does Tom start?" - "He is in the thick of it. With him everything happens quickly."
"When does he study?" "He studies before dinner."
"When does it open?" "It opens at nine."
"When does the bus run?" "Twenty to and ten past."
"When does the post come?" "Usually between 10 and 12 o'clock, but sometimes not until afternoon."
"When does the post come?" "Usually between 10 and 12 o'clock, but sometimes not until the afternoon."
"When does the train leave?" "Ten to."
"When does your sister come back from work?" "I don't know, but I think she'll arrive at home a few minutes before me."
"When does your train leave?" "In three minutes – the 16.18 from platform 12."
"When even the richest countries of Earth are deeply in debt, it can be assumed they don't exactly owe Afghanistan or Sudan." 
"But for the private banking families." 
"Bingo, Tom." 
"And knowing that it doesn't need a lot of intelligence to perceive Elon Musk is not the richest person, even though he is said to be."
"When internal examination discovers nothing wrong, what is there to be anxious about, what is there to fear?"
"When is Yanni's book coming out?" "Very soon. He's working on it."
"When is breakfast?" "Seven and half".
"When is he coming back?" "He isn't coming back."
"When is he coming back?" "He isn't."
"When is her birthday?" - "I have no idea. Why don't you ask her yourself?"
"When is the best time to learn a foreign language?" "Today."
"When is the best time to start learning a foreign language?" "Today."
"When is the book you ordered coming?" "Probably next Thursday."
"When it comes to important stuff, even I manage to get my arse into gear," said Jack.
"When poverty comes in the door, love flies out the window" is a saying as old as it is sad.
"When should we do that?" "How about next Monday?"
"When should we tell Tom this?" "Now is the best time."
"When the dead weep, they are beginning to recover," said the Crow solemnly.
"When they say your pee is amber-colored, that means you're dehydrated."
"When was my doctor's appointment again?" "Wait a minute, I'll have a look. Friday the 23rd – so, that's this Friday – at 8 in the morning. You're not to eat or take your medicine beforehand."
"When was the last time you used this?" asked Tom. Mary had a think. Finally she answered. "No idea – I can't remember." Tom nodded and chucked the object he'd just shown Mary over his shoulder into the rubbish bin.
"When was the last time you walked barefoot across a meadow?" "I think it was when I was just a kid - no, I'm sure of that."
"When were Nan and Grandad coming to visit again?" "Friday at three o'clock."
"When were you born?" "April first."
"When will Tom be back?" "I don't know, but probably tomorrow afternoon."
"When will Tom be here?" "Before 2:30, I hope."
"When will Tom get here?" "I really wish I knew."
"When will the muffins be ready?" "In about twenty minutes."
"When will they marry?" "Never."
"When will you be back home?" "I don't know, in about twenty minutes."
"When will you be back?" "It all depends on the weather."
"When will you be here?" "I'll let you know."
"When will you buy those things you've planned on?" "Tomorrow, I hope, or at the latest the day after tomorrow."
"When will you come back?" "It all depends on the weather."
"When will you get to Boston?" "We're already here."
"When will you return to Italy?" "I will return next year."
"When will you study again?" "I don't know."
"When will you wash your car?" "Sometime this week, I think."
"When you are fifteen," said the grandmother, "you will be allowed to rise up from the sea and sit on the rocks in the moonlight, and look at the big ships sailing by, and you will also see woods and towns."
"When you join together the sleeves on a kimono, does the right side or the left side go on top?" "The left goes on top. So that when others see it it looks like a y." Thanks."
"When you woke up this morning, what gave you the belief that this moment was possible?" "No, there was no belief."
"When you're ready, pick it up and hover over to the helipad."
"When'd you go to sleep last night?" "4 o'clock." 
"What? What were you doing up so late?" "Talking on the phone with my ex-boyfriend."
"When'll Tom be ready?" "He's got about another hour's work."
"When's dinner? I'm hungry." 
"You'll have to wait a bit longer. I've just put the potatoes on."
"When's her birthday?" "I haven't the faintest idea. Why don't you ask her?"
"When's the next meeting?" "I don't know, but I hope it's not next Monday."
"When's the test?" "I don't know. Ask your sister."
"When, musing sad and pensive, thou hast found / beside an oak-fringed river, on the shore, / a huge sow thirty-farrowed, and around, / milk-white as she, her litter, mark the ground, / that spot shall see thy promised town; for there / thy toils are ended, and thy rest is crowned."
"When, wafted to Sicilia, dawns in sight / Pelorus' channel, keep the leftward shore, / though long the circuit, and avoid the right."
"When?" "Never."
"Whenever I get thirsty, wake me up." â€” "How can I tell when you’re thirsty?" â€” "It’s whenever you wake me up."
"Whenever I get thirsty, wake me up." — "How can I tell when you're thirsty?" — "It's whenever you wake me up."
"Whenever Yanni and Skura met, there were fireworks." 
"What do you mean?" "They didn't get along."
"Whenever you feel like criticizing any one," he told me, "just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had."
"Where Reindeer Roam" is an original Esperanto collection of short stories about life in Lapland.
"Where am I sleeping?" "Well, on the airbed!" "Right. Nice one."
"Where am I?" "In the darkest prison in Koridai." 
"How long was I out?" "Two hours."
"Where am I?" "You're in the library. You've been asleep." 
"Oh, no." 
"We're now closing, I'm afraid."
"Where are Tom and Mary?" "They're on their way."
"Where are Ziri and Rima?" "They're clapping cheeks in the basement."
"Where are her relatives from?" "Australia."
"Where are his friends from?" "Spain."
"Where are his relatives from?" "Australia."
"Where are my cookies?" "Sorry, I ate them all."
"Where are my glasses?" "On the end of your nose."
"Where are my glasses?" "There, where you left them."
"Where are my glasses?" "They can't have gone far."
"Where are my glasses?" "They're on the end of your nose."
"Where are my glasses?" "Where you left them."
"Where are my glasses?" "You left them on the kitchen table."
"Where are my glasses?" "You've got them on your nose."
"Where are my glasses?" "You've left them on the kitchen table."
"Where are my keys?" "They are in my handbag."
"Where are my letters?" "On your desk."
"Where are my shoes?" "They are under the bed."
"Where are our cousins?" "Australia."
"Where are our lecturers from?" "Albania."
"Where are the bags?" "They're under the tarp over there."
"Where are the bargain bins?" "They don't have those any more."
"Where are the books?" "They're on the desk."
"Where are the keys?" "There, where they always are."
"Where are the pen refills?" "I don't think we've got any left."
"Where are the toilets?" "On the left."
"Where are the wine bottles?" - "In the kitchen."
"Where are their grandfathers from?" "Mexico."
"Where are their neighbours from?" "Romania."
"Where are they going for work?" "Australia."
"Where are they going next week?" "In Lithuania."
"Where are they going tomorrow?" "To England."
"Where are they going?" "To Kabylie."
"Where are those scratch marks on the car from?" "I drove too close to the hedge again."
"Where are we going next week?" "To Peru."
"Where are we going next year?" "To France."
"Where are we going on vacation?" "Canada."
"Where are we going to now?" I asked, as we left the office. "We are now going to interview Lord Holdhurst, the cabinet minister and future premier of England."
"Where are we going?" "Somewhere safe."
"Where are we going?" "Somewhere where we could scream at each other without being disturbed."
"Where are we going?" "We're already there."
"Where are we now?" "Algiers."
"Where are you at?" "Down on Preposition Street."
"Where are you eating?" "In a restaurant."
"Where are you eating?" "In the restaurant."
"Where are you from in Algeria?" "From Bejaia." 
"Is it nice?" "Sure!"
"Where are you from, Mark?" "I'm from the whimsical land of Glee on Wonderful Island, where fairies and elves live." 
"Really?" "Yes." 
"You sure?" "Well, when I say I'm from there, what I really mean is that a friend of a friend of a friend of a cousin of a friend of a guy I met once has sort of seen it in a book..." 
"Then why did you say you were from there?" "To see if you were paying attention."
"Where are you from, sir?" "Japan."
"Where are you from?" "Algeria."
"Where are you from?" "Algeria." 
"I'm Algerian, too! Small world!"
"Where are you from?" "Algeria." 
"I'm from Algeria, too."
"Where are you from?" "Algiers."
"Where are you from?" "I am from Algiers."
"Where are you from?" "I come from Algeria."
"Where are you from?" "I come from England."
"Where are you from?" "I'm Algerian." 
"Nigerian?" "Yes." 
"But you're not black." 
"Please let's move on."
"Where are you from?" "I'm from Algeria."
"Where are you from?" "I'm from Algeria." 
"Nigeria?" "Yeah."
"Where are you from?" "I'm from Algiers, Algeria."
"Where are you from?" "I'm from Algiers, and you?"
"Where are you from?" "I'm from Algiers, why?"
"Where are you from?" "I'm from Algiers. And you, where are you from?"
"Where are you from?" "I'm from Algiers."
"Where are you from?" "I'm from Algiers." 
"Oh, you're Algerian."
"Where are you from?" "I'm from Paris."
"Where are you from?" "My country no longer exists." 
"What do you mean?" "I was born, raised and spent most of my adult life in the Soviet Union. It's not there anymore. When the country collapsed, I was in Algeria, so I decided to stay here for good." 
"Are you Russian?" "No. In fact, I'm a mix of several cultures, way more than you can imagine." 
"Why don't you return to Russia?" "I'm not even from Russia. There is no country I could return to."
"Where are you from?" "Why are you asking?"
"Where are you from?" - "From Munich."
"Where are you going again?" "Algiers."
"Where are you going next summer?" "I'm going to Algeria with Salas."
"Where are you going next summer?" "I'm going to Algeria."
"Where are you going now?" "Straight home: farewell." 
"Farewell to you too."
"Where are you going on vacation?" "Algeria."
"Where are you going tomorrow?" "To England."
"Where are you going?" "Algeria."
"Where are you going?" "Anywhere but here."
"Where are you going?" "Anywhere that isn't here."
"Where are you going?" "Home." 
"And where's home?" "Algiers."
"Where are you going?" "I need some fresh air. I'm going for a walk." 
"But it's getting dark."
"Where are you going?" "I'm going to Australia."
"Where are you going?" "I'm going to Boston."
"Where are you going?" "I'm going to pick up your brother."
"Where are you going?" "I'm just going to Algeria."
"Where are you going?" "I've had enough, Yanni. I'm leaving." 
"OK. Go ahead and see if I care." 
"I know you don't care. Goodbye." 
"You know what, Skura? Go to hell! Do you hear me? Go to hell!"
"Where are you going?" "Out."
"Where are you going?" "To Kabylie."
"Where are you going?" "To Lyon!" "Where's that?"
"Where are you going?" "To a lecture."
"Where are you going?" "To get a stapler." 
"What's wrong with this one?" "It's out of staples."
"Where are you going?" "To see Michael." 
"I'm coming with you."
"Where are you going?" "To the movies."
"Where are you headed?" "Algiers. Family matters."
"Where are you lot off to?" "Tom wants apple pancakes, but he only likes Nan's, so we're going there now."
"Where are you now, Tom?" "I'm on my way. I'm talking to you from the car."
"Where are you now? I'll go to meet you, so tell me where." 
"In front of the entryway."
"Where are you off to now?" "Just round the block for a bit of fresh air. I'll be back in a minute." 
"Shall I come?"
"Where are you off to, then?" "Down the pub."
"Where are you reading that?" "Eighth line from the bottom."
"Where are you siblings from?" "Spain."
"Where are you sitting?" "On the fifth row."
"Where are you staying?" "At that hotel."
"Where are you taking her?" "To Kabylie."
"Where are you thinking of going for work?" "To Ethiopia."
"Where are you?" "Here!"
"Where are you?" "Home." 
"Where is home?" "What do you mean?" "Give me your address?" "Who are you?"
"Where are you?" "I'm at the market."
"Where are you?" "I'm here!"
"Where are you?" "I'm here."
"Where are you?" "I'm in Kabylie."
"Where are you?" "I'm in the square."
"Where are you?" "I'm still at work, darling."
"Where are you?" "In Algeria."
"Where are you?" "In the garden."
"Where are you?" "Over here."
"Where are you?" "Up here in the tree."
"Where are you?" I asked fearfully.
"Where are your books?" "They are on the desk."
"Where are your doctors from?" "Syria."
"Where are your friends from?" "Macedonia."
"Where are your grandparents from?" "Cameroon."
"Where are your grandparents from?" "Egypt."
"Where are your siblings from?" "Paraguay."
"Where are your uncles from?" "Japan."
"Where can I get hold of a map of the city?" "If you go further down this street, you'll come to a petrol station. They've got a selection of street maps there."
"Where can you buy that kind of sweater and hat?" "They're not for sale. Hand-knit!"
"Where cryptography scrambles information so it cannot be understood, steganography attempts to camouflage information so the intended message is not observed," Johnson said.
"Where did I leave my sleeping pills?" "Did you check on your nightstand?"
"Where did Tom get a job?" "He said he's with a shipping company. Apparently it's a large one, but I'm not sure where it is."
"Where did Tom go?" "He went to Boston."
"Where did Tom kiss Mary?" "In the garden."
"Where did Tom kiss Mary?" "On the cheek."
"Where did Tom sleep?" "On the floor."
"Where did he kiss you?" "On my lips."
"Where did he kiss you?" "On my lips." 
"No, I mean, where were you when he kissed you?"
"Where did she go?" "She went to Kabylie."
"Where did that come from?" "I brought it here."
"Where did the snake bite you?" "Just here on my leg."
"Where did they go?" "To Kabylie."
"Where did you eat lunch?" "I ate at a restaurant."
"Where did you find this?" "In the mailbox."
"Where did you get all this knowledge?" "From these books." Mary pointed to the shelves of books on the wall. "You've read all those? In our house, the books are just there for show." 
"Yes, I've read them all. Every single one."
"Where did you get that lovely necklace from, Mary?" "I bought it at the jumble sale." 
"Did you really?"
"Where did you get that?" "At the bar."
"Where did you get that?" "It was in the mailbox."
"Where did you get the watch?" "I stole it."
"Where did you get this ancient dictionary from?" "I happened to find it in a second-hand bookshop."
"Where did you get your car washed?" "At the car wash near the shopping centre."
"Where did you go on holiday?" "I went to Algeria."
"Where did you go on holiday?" "Tuscany."
"Where did you go on holiday?" "We went to Algeria."
"Where did you go?" "I went to the station to say hi to a friend from out of town."
"Where did you go?" "I went to the train station to see a friend off."
"Where did you have lunch?" "At a restaurant."
"Where did you learn that?" "I learnt it from my grandad."
"Where did you leave it?" "I left it at school."
"Where did you leave your umbrella?" "I left it at school."
"Where did you live when you were in Paris?" "I lived with a friend."
"Where did you live while you were in Paris?" "I was staying at a friend's house."
"Where did you live?" "Amsterdam."
"Where did you live?" "I lived in Amsterdam."
"Where did you park your car?" "On the other side of the street."
"Where did you put my book?" "It's on the end table."
"Where did you two meet?" "We met on a trip through the Carpathians, and we immediately fell in love with each other."
"Where do giraffes live?" "In Africa."
"Where do horses like to go on vacation?" "I don't know, where?" "To the Gallopagos Islands."
"Where do you buy this paper from?" "Algeria."
"Where do you come from?" "Algeria."
"Where do you come from?" "Algeria." 
"And you?" "Tunisia."
"Where do you go to school?" "I go to Forest Grove Elementary."
"Where do you live now?" "I live in Algeria."
"Where do you live?" "Australia. How about you?" "Canada."
"Where do you live?" "I live in Brazil."
"Where do you live?" "I live in England."
"Where do you live?" "I live in Tokyo."
"Where do you live?" "In Algeria." 
"Are you a native speaker of Berber." 
"Yes."
"Where do you live?" - "In Tokyo."
"Where do you plan to go on vacation?" "To Cyprus."
"Where do you planning on going?" "To the beach."
"Where do you think that you're going to be working?" - "In Argentina."
"Where do you think you're going to be working?" - "In Argentina."
"Where do you think you're going?" "To the beach." 
"You must be kidding. Just look at this room. There will be no beach if you don't clean up this mess."
"Where do you want to eat?" "I don't know. You choose."
"Where do you want to go for work?" "To Apulia."
"Where do you want to go to now?" "Bed. Tomorrow I've got to be out of the door at 6 o'clock on the dot."
"Where do you want to go?" "Anywhere."
"Where do you want to sit? On the settee or in the armchair?" "Oh, I don't mind."
"Where do you want to sit? On the sofa or in the armchair?" "Oh, I really don't mind."
"Where do you want to sit? The sofa or the chair?" "Meh, either one's fine."
"Where do you work?" "All three at the same painting company."
"Where do you work?" "All three of us at the same painting company."
"Where do you work?" "I work in Algiers."
"Where do your ancestors come from?" "Oh, that's a long story no one understands."
"Where do your parents live?" "My parents are already dead."
"Where does Sven come from?" "Copenhagen. He's Danish."
"Where does Tom come from?" "He comes from the university."
"Where does Tom come from?" "Munich."
"Where does Tom get his ability in French? He's never set foot in a French-speaking country, and he has no French-speaking friends, either." 
"I believe he watches a lot of French movies on the Internet."
"Where does Tom live?" "He lives in Boston."
"Where does Tom live?" "In one of these houses."
"Where does Tom live?" "In one of those houses."
"Where does he live?" "He lives in Algiers."
"Where does he live?" "In Algeria."
"Where does it hurt?" "Everywhere."
"Where does that bell communicate with?" he asked at last pointing to a thick bell-rope which hung down beside the bed, the tassel actually lying upon the pillow.
"Where does the Catholic Church get off implying queer people are pedophiles when it has so many pedophiles among its ranks and nothing is ever done about them?" "Ah, you see, they're molesting boys, so the real problem is that they're gay and shouldn't be priests at all." 
"What about all the girls raped by Catholic priests?" "That would be fine if they weren't priests and married them." 
"You're a sick fuck and should never be allowed around children."
"Where does your father in law live?" "In the house which stands beside my brother in law's house."
"Where exactly are we going?" "To Algiers."
"Where exactly is Kabylie?" "In northeastern Algeria."
"Where has it gone?" "It was there earlier."
"Where has my purse got to again?" "There it is!"
"Where has that little antique vase got to that you always used to have?" "I gave it away."
"Where have my glasses got to again?" "There they are."
"Where have they been for work?" "In Africa."
"Where have those six got to?" "They've escaped."
"Where have those six got to?" "They’ve escaped."
"Where have you been all this time?" "I was in the basement."
"Where have you been for all this time?“ asked Mary, through tears of joy.
"Where have you been?" "Algeria."
"Where have you been?" "At a friend's house."
"Where have you been?" "I have been to the station to see a friend off."
"Where have you been?" "I took a friend to the railway station."
"Where have you been?" "I was outside."
"Where have you been?" "I've been playing soccer."
"Where have you been?" "I've been to the barber's."
"Where have you been?" "I've been to the dentist."
"Where have you been?" "I’ve been to the barber’s."
"Where have you been?" "I’ve been to the dentist."
"Where have you been?" "What do you mean?" "I'm your father and I'm the one asking questions here."
"Where have you been?" I asked, more sternly.
"Where have you come from?" "I come from below." 
"What business did you have there?" "I went for a pee."
"Where in Algeria are you from?" "Kabylie."
"Where in Algeria do you live?" "Kabylie."
"Where in Algeria were you born?" "Kabylie."
"Where in Algiers will you be staying?" "In a hotel."
"Where in the world have you been, Effie?" I asked as she entered.
"Where is Algeria located?" "In North Africa."
"Where is Berlin?" "Berlin is in Germany."
"Where is God?" "He's in heaven."
"Where is Grandma?" "She's sleeping on the couch."
"Where is John going?" "John is going to church."
"Where is Kabylie?" "It's in Algeria."
"Where is Kabylie?" "It's in northeastern Algeria."
"Where is Maria?" "She just flew off on her broom. You just missed her!"
"Where is Mary?" "She's not working today."
"Where is Rima from?" "She's Russian."
"Where is Romeo?" "This way! To the tomb!"
"Where is Taninna?" "She went to Kabylie."
"Where is Taninna?" "She's in Kabylie."
"Where is Thessaloniki?" "In Greece."
"Where is Tom's body now?" "In the morgue."
"Where is Tom's house?" "I think it's the house with red balloons and the big sign that says 'Happy birthday, Tom!'"
"Where is Tom?" "At the police station. He is being interrogated."
"Where is Tom?" "He is sick."
"Where is Tom?" "He's not working today."
"Where is Tom?" "He's out drinking at the Laughing Boar."
"Where is Tom?" "I don't know. Maybe he's dead."
"Where is Tom?" "Tom is in the car."
"Where is Toronto?" "Toronto is in Canada."
"Where is Zurich? Zurich is in Switzerland."
"Where is everybody?" "In the meeting room."
"Where is everyone?" "At church."
"Where is he from?" "He's from Algiers."
"Where is he from?" "He's from Algiers." 
"Oh, I love Algeria."
"Where is he from?" "He's from Algiers." 
"Oh, I love Algiers."
"Where is he going?" "To work."
"Where is he?" "He's in Kabylie."
"Where is her book?" "It's on the table."
"Where is her book?" "It’s on the table."
"Where is his book?" "It is on the table."
"Where is his book?" "It's on the table."
"Where is his book?" "On the table."
"Where is it? Where has it gone?" "If it's your talking fish, Link has it." 
"No, something far more important... We must go, now." 
"Hey! That was almost my record!"
"Where is it?" "I ate it."
"Where is it?" "It was there earlier."
"Where is my Time Machine?" I began, bawling like an angry child, laying hands upon them and shaking them up together.
"Where is my book?" "It's in the classroom."
"Where is my cactus?" "On the windowsill."
"Where is my car?" "It's in the garage."
"Where is my classroom?" "It's on the third floor."
"Where is my laptop?" "It is on the chair."
"Where is my laptop?" "It's on the chair."
"Where is my notebook?" "It is on the chair."
"Where is my phone?" "It's on my desk."
"Where is my sandwich?" "It's in the kitchen."
"Where is my satchel?" "It's on the chair."
"Where is my watch?" "It's in your drawer."
"Where is my wife?" "She is in jail."
"Where is my wig?" "It's right here."
"Where is she from?" "Finland, I guess."
"Where is she from?" "I think she's from Finland."
"Where is she?" "I beg your pardon?"
"Where is that Kabyle dress?" "Taninna is wearing it."
"Where is the book?" "The book is on the desk."
"Where is the cat?" "It is on the roof."
"Where is the doctor?" "I'm the doctor."
"Where is the library?" "It's over there."
"Where is the restroom?" "To the left."
"Where is the shopping?" "The shopping is in the shopping bag."
"Where is the woman going?" "She is going to the kindergarten to pick up her daughter."
"Where is the women's room?" "On the other side of the store, to the left of the entrance."
"Where is their grandfather from?" "Mexico."
"Where is their grandpa from?" "Libya."
"Where is this village?" "In Kabylie, Algeria."
"Where is your book?" "On the desk."
"Where is your brother?" "He just went home." 
"What's he doing there?" "Getting food for us."
"Where is your father now?" "I believe he is in Lyons."
"Where is your father?" "I don't have one."
"Where is your favorite place to read?" "I love reading under a tree in the forest near my house."
"Where is your home?" "It is over there."
"Where is your house?" "It is over there."
"Where is your house?" "Look right there."
"Where is your key?" "I have it in my pocket."
"Where is your report card?" "I already gave it to you."
"Where is your shop?" "In Algiers."
"Where is your sister?" "There she comes."
"Where is your store?" "In Algiers."
"Where nobody knows you, you are only worth the costume you wear," said cantor Matoub Lounes.
"Where on earth have you been till now? Couldn't you hear me calling you?" "Sorry, Auntie."
"Where should I sit?" "Anywhere is OK."
"Where should I sit?" "Seat 15 C, if you would."
"Where should we sit?" "On our bums!"
"Where should we sit?" "On your butts!"
"Where taxpayers’ money is used to rescue businesses, it must be creating green jobs and sustainable and inclusive growth," said the UN secretary general.
"Where the hell have you been?" screamed Tom's mother.
"Where was he headed?" "He was headed north."
"Where was the Declaration of Independence signed?" "At the bottom."
"Where was the Snow Queen going? Do you know anything about it?" "She was most likely travelling to Lapland, where there is always snow and ice."
"Where were you and what were you doing, Tom, at 2:30 p.m. yesterday?" "I was in Boston at home and I was learning French."
"Where were you born, Mr. Bakir?" "In Egypt."
"Where were you born?" "I was born in the city of Dumblin, in the country of Roseland..."
"Where were you born?" "Kabylie, Algeria."
"Where were you living?" "In Amsterdam."
"Where were you yesterday afternoon?" "I was at the beach."
"Where were you?" "And where were you?" "I'm your dad and I'm the one who asks questions here."
"Where were you?" "At a meeting." 
"A meeting at the beach with Sami?"
"Where were you?" "I was at Tom's."
"Where were you?" "I was at a friend's house."
"Where were you?" "I was at the railway station to drop off my friend."
"Where were you?" "I was in the garden."
"Where were you?" "I was in the park."
"Where were you?" "I was outside."
"Where were you?" "I went shopping."
"Where were you?" "I wish I could ask you the same thing." 
"What do you mean?" "You've been with him again."
"Where were your grandfathers from?" "Cameroon."
"Where were your grandmothers from?" "Vietnam."
"Where were your grandparents from?" "Belarus."
"Where will they go next week?" "In Lithuania."
"Where will we go for lunch?" "Tom, you decide. I can't."
"Where will you guys go tomorrow?" "To the United States."
"Where will you sleep?" "We will sleep at the hotel."
"Where would you like to go on vacation?" "To Russia".
"Where would you like to go?" "I would like to go to Algeria."
"Where would you like to work?" "In Australia."
"Where'd Tom and Mary go?" "They're playing a game of euchre with John and Alice."
"Where'd you come from?" "Straight from Urumqi."
"Where'll you be staying?" "We're staying the night at the hotel."
"Where're you going on your motorbike?" "Just to look round a bit. Grab your helmet and come with me!" "No, can't. I've got to hang the washing out."
"Where's Agnieszka?" "She went back to Poland ages ago. She was only here for a week." 
"Pity! I hope she comes back again soon."
"Where's Bello?" "Is he not in his basket?"
"Where's Bello?" "Isn't he in his basket?"
"Where's Dad?" "He's gone to the baker's to get some bread rolls for breakfast."
"Where's Fadil?" "He's taking a shower."
"Where's Grandad? He's meant to be playing football with us in the garden." 
"Grandad's asleep, and I'd like you to keep in mind that he's well over 80 years old now and can't do everything he used to." 
"Well you wouldn't have thought it yesterday when he was scoring goals one after the other."
"Where's Granny?" "In the kitchen."
"Where's John?" "Gone, and he probably won't be coming back an' all. Tom's been showing his nice side again."
"Where's Keira?" "She's just left to pick up her GCSE results." 
"Don't you get them online these days?"
"Where's Laurie?" "She's in the kitchen."
"Where's Mary?" "She and her daughter are watching 'Tom, the Super-fluffy Cuddly Toy Unicorn' for the umpteenth time."
"Where's Mary?" "She didn't make it." 
"I'm sorry."
"Where's Mary?" "She left in the morning, said she was going to the beauty salon."
"Where's Mary?" "She's in her room, knitting little dresses for her dolls."
"Where's Mary?" "She's in her room. She's studying. She's been studying for two hours, since three o'clock."
"Where's Mary?" "She's on the loo. She'll be back in a minute."
"Where's Mum's squirrel ornament?" "Nan knocked it off the shelf while she was dusting yesterday and it smashed." 
"And then you threw it away?" "No, the pieces are in the drawer."
"Where's Nan?" "In the kitchen."
"Where's Rio de Janeiro?" "It's in Brazil."
"Where's Sami?" "I don't know." 
"You evil serpent." 
"Look, I know that I'm a big anaconda, but I swear that I didn't eat him."
"Where's Sven from?" "Copenhagen. He's Danish."
"Where's Tara?" "She's taking a shower."
"Where's Tom going?" "To Munich."
"Where's Tom today, then?" "I don't know. I haven't seen him yet."
"Where's Tom? I need his advice." 
"I think your best bet is to ask Mary."
"Where's Tom?" "Beats me."
"Where's Tom?" "Cleaning his room."
"Where's Tom?" "Don't ask me, mate. I haven't got a clue."
"Where's Tom?" "He didn't make it."
"Where's Tom?" "He is walking the dog."
"Where's Tom?" "He's at home."
"Where's Tom?" "He's at school."
"Where's Tom?" "He's got a date."
"Where's Tom?" "He's having a kip." 
"A siesta?"
"Where's Tom?" "He's in his room."
"Where's Tom?" "He's in the kitchen."
"Where's Tom?" "He's over there."
"Where's Tom?" "He's playing tennis with Mary."
"Where's Tom?" "He's sick."
"Where's Tom?" "How would I know?"
"Where's Tom?" "I don't know. He should have been here ten minutes ago."
"Where's Tom?" "I don't know. He was here a few minutes ago."
"Where's Tom?" "I don't know. He was here a few moments ago."
"Where's Tom?" "I don't know. He was here just a few minutes ago."
"Where's Tom?" "I don't know. He was here just a few moments ago."
"Where's Tom?" "I don't know. I can't find him."
"Where's Tom?" "I don't know."
"Where's Tom?" "I think he's on the porch."
"Where's Tom?" "I'm not saying." 
"Oh, go on!"
"Where's Tom?" "In Australia."
"Where's Tom?" "In Boston."
"Where's Tom?" "Ixnay on the Omtay. Arymay's in the other oomray."
"Where's Tom?" "On a dissection table."
"Where's Tom?" "There he goes!"
"Where's Tom?" "Up his own fundament."
"Where's Tom?" - "In the other room, packing his bags."
"Where's Yanni?" "He has just excused himself to use the restroom." 
"What?" "He's taking a dump."
"Where's Yanni?" "He's in Algiers." 
"Let's go find him."
"Where's Yanni?" "We ate him."
"Where's Ziri?" "I don't know."
"Where's Ziri?" "We don't know a Ziri."
"Where's his book?" "It's on the table."
"Where's mom?" "In the garden".
"Where's mom?" "She's in the kitchen."
"Where's mother?" "Mother's gone; I guess you'll see her before long."
"Where's mum?" "In the garden."
"Where's my bed?" "You're in it!"
"Where's my bed?" "You're lying in it!"
"Where's my black coat?" "It's hanging in the wardrobe."
"Where's my black coat?" "It's hanging up in the closet."
"Where's my blouse?" "Hanging in the wardrobe."
"Where's my blouse?" "It's in the wardrobe."
"Where's my body?" "Um... I'm sure it will grow back... eventually."
"Where's my breakfast?" "You're sitting on it."
"Where's my cactus?" "It's on the windows sill."
"Where's my cake?" "Sorry. I ate it all."
"Where's my calculator?" "You don't need it for this exercise, it's not complicated."
"Where's my classroom?" "It's on the second floor."
"Where's my cookie?" "Sorry. I ate it all."
"Where's my dress?" "Hanging in the wardrobe."
"Where's my dress?" "It's in the wardrobe."
"Where's my edition of the complete works of Schiller?" "It's just over there on the shelf."
"Where's my hat?" "Right behind you."
"Where's my money?" "What money?" "You owe me money." 
"I don't owe you, sucker!"
"Where's my pen got to again? Why have we always got to look for everything in this madhouse?" "If you'd put it in the same place all the time, you wouldn't have to look for it." 
"Thanks for your words of wisdom, but they're no help to me now – ah, there it is!"
"Where's my phone?" "It's on my table".
"Where's my phone?" "It's on the dresser!"
"Where's my suit?" "Hanging in the wardrobe."
"Where's my suit?" "It's in the wardrobe."
"Where's my wallet?" "It's here. Cool down."
"Where's my yoghurt, Tom?" "I've eaten it. I thought you'd bought it for me."
"Where's that book?" "I've given it to Tom. He wanted to have it, and it was just gathering dust here." 
"Tom? Are you mad? The value of a rare edition like that is totally lost on him! Round his, the books are all lying about on the floor – you trip over them!"
"Where's that spanner you were using yesterday?" "It was here earlier. Have you asked Mary? Maybe she's got it."
"Where's that superstition from?" "Call it folk wisdom."
"Where's the baby?" "Asleep."
"Where's the book?" "It's on the table."
"Where's the capital of Australia?" "In Australia."
"Where's the cat?" "It's on the roof."
"Where's the cat?" "It's under the sofa."
"Where's the change?" "I bought some candy with it."
"Where's the dinner?" "It's in the oven."
"Where's the director?" "In his office."
"Where's the key to the front door?" "In my jacket pocket."
"Where's the mosquito?" "On the lamp."
"Where's the newspaper?" "On top of the fridge."
"Where's the pie at?" "It's a cake."
"Where's the restroom?" "It's down the hall, on the right."
"Where's the telephone here?" "There is no telephone here – and no electricity, gas or water either."
"Where's the toilet?" "Go right through to the back, and then down the stairs."
"Where's the toilet?" "On the left."
"Where's the towel?" "It's on the towel rack." 
"I don't see any towel rack here."
"Where's the train going?" "To Prague."
"Where's the water?" "It evaporated."
"Where's the wrench that you were using yesterday?" "It was there earlier. Have you asked Mary? Maybe she has it."
"Where's your bag?" "I left it in the car."
"Where's your bag?" "I've left it in the car."
"Where's your book?" "On the table."
"Where's your car?" "In front of the garage."
"Where's your coat, Father?" "I have sold it." 
"Why did you sell your coat?" "It was too warm."
"Where's your cousin?" "He just left."
"Where's your cousin?" "He's just left."
"Where's your cousin?" "She's just left."
"Where's your dog?" "It's dead. Are you happy now?"
"Where's your girlfriend from?" "She's Russian."
"Where's your mom, Tom?" "She's out shopping with my sis."
"Where's your money?" "It's in the bank."
"Where's your mother?" "My mother is at home, sir. She doesn't know I'm here. I'm not supposed to talk about her."
"Where's your mum, Tom?" "She's out shopping with my big sister."
"Where's your sister?" "Here she comes."
"Where's your snake?" "Oh, I don't know. I haven't seen him for a few days. I think he's hiding somewhere."
"Where's your tarantula?" "I don't know. I think she's somewhere in the apartment."
"Where've you been?" "At a friend's house."
"Where've you been?" "Taking a friend to the railway station."
"Where've you parked the car?" "In the car park."
"Wherever I have left my stones, I will pass again," said the river ... when its water was flowing yet.
"Where’s his book?" "It’s on the table."
"Where’s that superstition from?" "Call it folk wisdom."
"Whether it takes one year or two, I will do it." 
"I'm sure you will, as keen and eager as you are!"
"Whether ye sail to great Hesperia's shore /and Saturn's fields, or seek the realms that own / Acestes' sway, where Eryx reigned of yore, / safe will I send you hence, and speed you with my store."
"Which North African country are you from?" "Western Sahara."
"Which apple would you like?" "I'd like that one."
"Which bank is trustworthy?" "None of them."
"Which country are your friends from?" "Wales."
"Which element has an atomic number of 3?" "Lithium."
"Which gender do you identify with?" "I'm a man. Isn't it obvious?"
"Which genres sell best?" "The best sellers are books for children and young adults."
"Which girl in the class do you think is the cutest, Tom?" — "Hmm, maybe Maria." — "What? Maria? But she's really not very cute at all!"
"Which is faster: a deer or a turtle?" "A deer is way faster than a turtle."
"Which is the biggest among the Brazilian cities?" "The biggest city in Brazil is Sao Paulo".
"Which is your favourite Chinese dish, Marko?" "Well, Dennis, it would be Peking Duck." 
"Beijing Duck, now, isn't it?" "I don't know..."
"Which language are they speaking?" "Berber."
"Which language are you speaking?" "Berber."
"Which language class are you taking this semester?" "Arabic Level 5."
"Which language do you prefer to speak?" "Berber." 
"Why?" "Because I don't speak Arabic as well as I speak Berber."
"Which language do you prefer to speak?" "Berber." 
"Why?" "Because it's my first language."
"Which language do you prefer to speak?" "Berber." 
"Why?" "Because it's my mother tongue."
"Which language do you speak?" "Berber."
"Which language were you speaking?" "Berber."
"Which line should I get in?" "Any line is fine."
"Which man-made structures are visible from space?" "It depends on your definition of space."
"Which math class will you be taking next semester?" "I will be taking 'Calculus 3' if there are no schedule conflicts."
"Which monuments did you describe?" "The courthouses, and the senate building, and the various temples, and so forth."
"Which name do you prefer?" "They're both nice."
"Which nationality do your nephews have?" "Slovenian."
"Which nationality were our teachers?" "Swiss."
"Which of the women is your aunt?" "The one on the right."
"Which of these cars do you prefer?" "I like the 4th one."
"Which of these delicious-looking apples may I have, Mary?" "Take whichever one you want." 
"In that case, I'll have this really big one!"
"Which of these paths do you prefer?" we asked a donkey stuck between an ascending and a descending trail. "I wish there were a pickax to demolish both of them," he replied.
"Which of you did it?" "Not me."
"Which one did Tom give you?" "He gave me that one."
"Which one did Tom give you?" "That one."
"Which one did you get?" "I got the blue one."
"Which one do you want?" "Any. I'm not fussed."
"Which one do you want?" "That one."
"Which pair of shoes did you end up buying?" "The more expensive pair."
"Which party is in power?" "One that pretends that its members share Christian values." 
"And with which party do you want to replace them?" "A coalition that pretends to be for gay rights."
"Which party is in power?" "One that pretends that its members share Christian values." 
"And with which party do you want to replace them?" "A coalition that pretends to support gay rights."
"Which province is the Kalecik district connected to?" "Ankara."
"Which religion is correct?" "Islam."
"Which science does the operation subtraction belong to?" "Subtraction belongs to arithmetic."
"Which translation is better?" "It's hard to tell, they're both natural translations."
"Which way is the library?" "It's that way."
"Which way is the library?" "That way."
"Which word?" I asked.
"Which would you choose - to have your eye put out or your ass fucked?" "I see your eyes are both in their place."
"While Storm Ciara is clearing away, that doesn't mean we're entering a quieter period of weather," Alex Burkill, the Met Office meteorologist, said.
"While running rivers hasten to the main, / while yon pure ether feeds the stars with light, / while shadows round the hill-slopes wax and wane, / thy fame, wher'er I go, thy praises shall remain."
"Whisky?" "I'm good."
"Whisky?" "No, thanks. I need to keep my wits about me."
"Whisky?" "Sure."
"Who am I gonna ask for help?" "God."
"Who are all these people over there?" "That's a mirror, Tom."
"Who are all these people over there?" "That's a mirror."
"Who are all those people over there?" "That's a mirror, Tom," said Mary.
"Who are the Uyghurs?" "I don't know."
"Who are the Uyghurs?" "I don’t know."
"Who are they talking about?" "They are talking about Tom."
"Who are they?" "Paula and Otávio, friends of the family."
"Who are you living with?" "With my dog."
"Who are you on the phone with?" "It's my boyfriend."
"Who are you ringing now?" "I'm trying to get hold of Tom, but he's not picking up."
"Who are you showing the city to?" "Mary."
"Who are you talking to?" "No one. I was just talking to myself."
"Who are you talking with?" "The Lord Himself."
"Who are you texting?" "That's none of your business."
"Who are you waiting for?" "You."
"Who are you with?" "Layla." 
"Really? Put her through then."
"Who are you writing to?" "Doesn't matter."
"Who are you writing to?" "My boss."
"Who are you?" "I'm Tom."
"Who are you?" "I'm myself."
"Who are you?" "It's me, your mom!"
"Who are you?" "It's me, your mum!"
"Who are you?" "Tom, I'm your father!"
"Who are you?" "Tom."
"Who are you?" "Who are you?"
"Who are you?" "You're about to find out."
"Who are you?" "Your worst nightmare."
"Who are you?" - "Nobody. Was just passing by."
"Who are you?" he asked. "I am the ghost of the Talking Cricket," answered the little being in a faint voice that sounded as if it came from a far-away world.
"Who baked the cakes?" "Alessandre baked them."
"Who bakes the cakes?" "Alessandra bakes them."
"Who bought it?" "I bought it."
"Who broke the vase?" "Tom did."
"Who broke the window?" "She did."
"Who broke the window?" "Tom did."
"Who brought you?" "My sister did."
"Who brought you?" "My sister."
"Who called?" "Wrong number."
"Who came to visit us today?" "Today my sister, Maria, came to visit us."
"Who came with your sister? "With my sister came her little daughter Helena."
"Who can best do the job?" "No one other than Tom."
"Who cares?" "I care."
"Who cares?" "I do."
"Who could that be?" "I think it's Tom."
"Who did that first?" "Tom did."
"Who did that to you?" "Ya..." 
"Who?" "Yan..." 
"Yanni?" "Ya..." 
"You mean Yanni did that to you?" "Ya..." 
"If it's Yanni, squeeze my hand once."
"Who did that?" "I did."
"Who did that?" "Tom did."
"Who did this?" "I did it."
"Who did this?" "Me."
"Who did you have lunch with at the mall?" "Layla." 
"OK. I'm calling Layla to ask her if she had lunch with you at the mall."
"Who did you see there?" "I saw Tom there."
"Who did you suggest that to?" "Everybody." 
"And who agreed?" "Nobody."
"Who died?" "His little dog."
"Who do these shoes belong to?" "To Tom."
"Who do you belong to?" Wrapped around his feet was a small cat. It was a fluffy grey striped cat.
"Who do you like?" "Mary."
"Who do you love?" "Mary."
"Who do you think will come first?" "It definitely won't be Tom."
"Who do you think's gonna get here first?" "Definitely not Tom."
"Who do you want to see?" "I want to see Tom."
"Who do you want to talk with?" "I want to talk with Tom."
"Who does this belong to?" "It belongs to Tom."
"Who eats this shit?" "Ziri."
"Who else would it be?" retorted Larry.
"Who gave Mary that ring?" "Tom did."
"Who gave that to you?" "Some man."
"Who gave us this video?" "Tom did."
"Who gave you my number?" "Tom." 
"Why did he give you my number?" "Because I had to speak urgently with you, so I asked him."
"Who gave you the money?" "Tom did."
"Who gave you this book?" "The teacher."
"Who goes there? Stop or I'll shoot!" shouted the guard.
"Who has nothing is a nobody," claims capitalism. Is this true?
"Who has the key?" "Marco has it."
"Who has the key?" "Tom does."
"Who helped you?" "It was Tom."
"Who helped you?" "My sister did."
"Who helped you?" "No one. I did everything myself."
"Who helped you?" "No one. I did it all myself."
"Who helped you?" "Tom did."
"Who here has a panda at home?" "I do!"
"Who hit the home run?" "Tom did."
"Who is Norman Finkelstein?" "He is an American political scientist."
"Who is he?" "A soldier that will fight."
"Who is he?" "He is Jim."
"Who is he?" "He is a client of Tom's."
"Who is he?" "Nobody knows for sure."
"Who is in the car?" "Marija."
"Who is in the car?" "Tom is."
"Who is in the mood for some ice cream?" "I am!"
"Who is it?" "It's Jim."
"Who is it?" "It's Tom."
"Who is it?" "It's me."
"Who is it?" "It's your mother."
"Who is it?" "It’s me."
"Who is it?" "It’s your mother."
"Who is it?" "Your father."
"Who is she?" "A friend."
"Who is she?" "A soldier who will fight."
"Who is she?" "She is my mother."
"Who is that girl?" "She's Salas's daughter."
"Who is that girl?" "That's Keiko."
"Who is that girl?" "That’s Keiko."
"Who is that man?" "Mr Kato."
"Who is that young girl?" "She is Tom's niece."
"Who is that?" "I'm Sami's wife and please stay away from my husband."
"Who is the captain?" "Tom." 
"Oh no, we're in trouble."
"Who is the guy in the picture?" "I don't know who he is."
"Who is there?" - "A friend!"
"Who is there?" she asked without raising her head. He remained silent.
"Who is this Tom?" "He's a charming young man I met a few days ago."
"Who is this package for?" "Definitely for someone."
"Who is this villain, if I can call him that?" "It's Boldi!"
"Who is this young man?" "A friend of mine."
"Who is this?" "It's Tom."
"Who is this?" "Let's just say I'm a friend of a friend."
"Who is younger, Hanako or Taro?" "Taro is."
"Who is your wife?" "Why do you want to know?"
"Who just farted?" "Come on! Everyone on the planet does it, including you." 
"Ew! Open that window!"
"Who kidnapped him?" "Daesh."
"Who knows how to do this?" "Tom does."
"Who knows not Troy, th' AEneian house of fame, / the deeds and doers, and the war's renown / that fired the world? Not hearts so dull and tame / have Punic folk; not so is Phoebus known / to turn his back upon our Tyrian town."
"Who knows the way to the airport?" "I do."
"Who left the dishes in the sink?" "Why don't you ask the culprit directly?"
"Who lives at your home?" "My wife, my children, and their grandfather and grandmother."
"Who lives there?" he asked the gardener.
"Who made that coffee?" "Tom did."
"Who made the coffee?" "Tom did."
"Who owns these books?" "They're Alice's."
"Who protects us?" "We protect us!"
"Who put that book on the table?" "John put the book on the table."
"Who put the mosquito coil here?" "That was me." 
"It's senseless to put it behind the curtain. The curtain will flutter with the wind, and if it catches the heat then it'll cause a fire."
"Who reads these books?" "No one. They're just lying about here to make visitors think we read a lot in this house. It's what Dad wants."
"Who said that?" "I did."
"Who saw you there?" "Tom saw me there."
"Who sees variety and not the unity wanders on from death to death", state the Upanishads.
"Who sent Tom there?" "It was me who sent Tom there."
"Who sent you there?" "It was Tom who sent us there."
"Who shot him, then?" "The burglar, sir. "
"Who shot you?" "My..." 
"Who?" "My..." 
"Your what?" "My wife..." 
"Your wife shot you?" "My wife..." 
"Your wife shot you?" "Kidnapped..." 
"Kidnapped?" "Kidnapped." 
"You mean your wife has been kidnapped?" "Yes..." 
"Who kidnapped her?"
"Who stole my veggie burger?" "Oh, it's a veggie burger? Sorry, here you go."
"Who teaches you English?" "Miss Yamada does."
"Who the heck is this guy, really?" "He's Tom. Tom from Boston."
"Who told you this?" "My wife."
"Who turned the TV off?" "Tom did."
"Who wants juice?" asked Anna as she took the juicer out of the cupboard.
"Who wants juice?" asked Anna as she took the squeezer out of the cupboard.
"Who wants to do the dishes?" "I'll do them!"
"Who wants to go swimming with me?" "We all do."
"Who was it who did that?" "I haven't the faintest idea."
"Who was it who first came out with that saying?" "Do you know?" "Well if I knew, I wouldn't be asking, would I?"
"Who was still in the office when you left?" "No one."
"Who was that girl you were with at the beach today?" "What girl?"
"Who was that guy?" "Just a mistake."
"Who was that?" "It's just a friend."
"Who was that?" "Yanni."
"Who was the third of them?" - "That was me." - "And who was the fourth?"
"Who was there?" "Nobody."
"Who was there?" "Only Tom."
"Who were you talking to?" "God." 
"Oh; I didn't know you were religious."
"Who were you talking to?" "My mom." 
"I didn't know that your mom had a man's voice."
"Who were you talking to?" "No one. I was just talking to myself."
"Who will be coming to the party?" "A few friends and four or five colleagues."
"Who will teach this to me?" "I will, with God's help."
"Who will tell him the bad news?" "I will."
"Who would be born, whom you let live long enough? As soon as one of us emerges from the lot, we condemn him by the imposture", said Lounes Matoub in his song "There are plenty of them who talk about it".
"Who would say that?" "Yanni."
"Who wrote Tom's speech?" "Mary did."
"Who wrote the books?" "I didn't write them."
"Who wrote the books?" "I wrote them."
"Who wrote the poems?" "I didn't write them."
"Who wrote the poems?" "I wrote them."
"Who wrote the sentences?" "I did."
"Who wrote the sentences?" "I didn't write them."
"Who wrote the sentences?" "I wrote them."
"Who wrote the speeches?" "I didn't write them."
"Who wrote the speeches?" "I wrote them."
"Who wrote this book?" "John did."
"Who wrote this book?" "John."
"Who wrote this report?" "Tom did."
"Who wrote this? It's totally illegible." 
"Tom, definitely." 
"You have the eye of an expert!"
"Who wrote this?" "I did."
"Who wrote this?" "Miyuki did." 
"Huh, didn't know her handwriting was like this."
"Who'll wash my car for two Euros?" "For two Euros, I'll pour a bucket of water over your head. You can do it yourself!"
"Who's Fadil?" "He's nobody." 
"He's calling and texting you and he's nobody?"
"Who's Ina?" "She's my mother."
"Who's Rima?" "She's Ziri's girlfriend."
"Who's Salman Rushdie to you?" "I'd say he's a mediocre writer."
"Who's Tom?" "I am."
"Who's Yanni?" Skura questioned.
"Who's better at baseball, Tom or John?" "Well, I think they're about the same."
"Who's coming to the party?" "A few friends and three or four colleagues."
"Who's for, who's against?" asked Tom. "For!" yelled Mary immediately.
"Who's going to have to do that?" "I hope it's not me."
"Who's going to tell Tom?" "The choice fell to John." 
"I don't envy him that job."
"Who's going to tell Tom?" "The choice fell to John." 
"I don't envy him that task."
"Who's hungry?" "We are."
"Who's in charge here?" "I am." 
"You wish!"
"Who's knocking?" "It's my husband!"
"Who's on duty today?" "I'm on duty."
"Who's speaking, please?" "Your boss."
"Who's teaching you English?" "Mrs Yamada."
"Who's telling the truth, Tom or Mary?" "Hard to say."
"Who's that bloke there?" "I forget. One of Tom's mates."
"Who's that book you're reading by?" "It's a novel by Mori Ōgai."
"Who's that fat ass?" "She's his new girlfriend."
"Who's that gentleman?" "That's Tom Jackson."
"Who's that girl?" "Calm down." 
"Stop telling me to calm down!"
"Who's that girl?" "Sir, that's a man, and his name is Pedro. These days, you shouldn't go around assuming people's genders if you don't know them. They could be offended."
"Who's that girl?" "What girl?" "The one who's dancing with Tom."
"Who's that in the corner?" "That's Tom. Don't mind him."
"Who's that letter from?" "It's from Tom."
"Who's that man there?" "Who? The man I was speaking to earlier?"
"Who's that man?" "That's Tom."
"Who's that over there?" "I think he's called Tom." 
"What? Him as well?"
"Who's that person?" "That's Tom."
"Who's that sleeping?" "Professor Lupin." 
"How does she know everything?" "It's all written on his luggage" "Is he really sleeping?" "Seems so. Why?"
"Who's that strange bloke?" "No idea. He was just there all of a sudden."
"Who's that woman?" "She's just a friend, OK?"
"Who's that you're writing to?" "No one."
"Who's that? " "It's your mother."
"Who's that?" "It's Skura's father when he talks through his ass."
"Who's that?" "It's Tom."
"Who's that?" "That's Tom when he was a kid." 
"Do you have a similar picture of Mary?"
"Who's that?" "Who's that?! Great question!" "Oh, sorry, Dad! I didn't recognize your voice!"
"Who's the new stiff?" Ted asked, pointing to the new morgue arrival.
"Who's the woman in pink?" "That's Rosa, my wife."
"Who's the young man?" "That's Yanni."
"Who's there?" "It's Tom."
"Who's there?" "It's Yanni."
"Who's there?" "It's me, Tom."
"Who's there?" "Just me."
"Who's there?" "Only me."
"Who's there?" "Pizza delivery."
"Who's there?" "Tom."
"Who's there?" called the Wolf. Little Red Riding-hood, hearing the big voice of the Wolf, was at first afraid; but thinking her grandmother had a cold, answered:— "'Tis your grandchild, Little Red Riding-hood, who has brought you a custard and a little pot of butter sent to you by mamma."
"Who's there?" called the grandmother. "Your grandchild, Little Red Riding-hood," replied the Wolf, imitating her voice, "who has brought a custard and a little pot of butter sent to you by mamma."
"Who's this man?" "That's not a man. It's a robot I thought up!"
"Who's this nerd?" "That's a picture of Ziri."
"Who's this person?" "That's not a person. That's a robot I invented!"
"Who's winning?" "We're not keeping score."
"Who's your dentist?" "Doctor Dupont."
"Who's your favorite grandma?" "Melissa."
"Who's your favourite classical music composer?" "Debussy."
"Who, and what are you?" Scrooge demanded. "I am the Ghost of Christmas Past."
"Whoe'er thou art, henceforward blot from mind / the Greeks, and leave thy miseries behind. / Ours shalt thou be; but mark, and tell me now, / what means this monster, for what use designed? / Some warlike engine? or religious vow? / Who planned the steed, and why? Come, quick, the truth avow."
"Whom did Tom shoot?" "Tom didn't shoot anybody."
"Whom did you give your share to?" Her brother asked her. "I gave it to my mum," she answered him.
"Whom the gods love die young", was said of yore.
"Whose CD's are these?" "They are Samir's."
"Whose are those socks?" "They belong to my sister."
"Whose back brace is this?" "It's Yanni's." 
"It's so rigid!"
"Whose bags are these?" "They are my aunt's."
"Whose bicycle is this?" "I don't know, but I think it's Tom's."
"Whose bicycle is this?" "It's Tom's."
"Whose book is this?" "It's Tom's."
"Whose book is this?" "It's mine."
"Whose books are these?" "They are Alice's."
"Whose books are these?" "They are Alice’s."
"Whose books are these?" "They're Tom's."
"Whose boots are these?" "They are Lidya's."
"Whose bracelets are these?" "They are Majda's."
"Whose brushes are these?" "They are Picasso's."
"Whose cakes are these?" "They are Farida's."
"Whose camels are these?" "They are Musa's."
"Whose car is that over there?" "It's Tom's."
"Whose car is this?" "It's Tom's."
"Whose cards are these?" "They are Fahima's."
"Whose cats are these?" "They are Fatima's."
"Whose chair is this?" "It is mine."
"Whose chair is this?" "Mine."
"Whose children are these?" "They are Marika's."
"Whose clothes are these?" "They are Mark's."
"Whose comments are these?" "They are Sysko's."
"Whose cows are these?" "They are my grandmother's."
"Whose documents are these?" "They are Michael's."
"Whose dogs are these?" "They are my neighbor's."
"Whose dresses are these?" "They are Nabila's."
"Whose earphones are these?" "They are Fatima's."
"Whose earrings are these?" "They are Tania's."
"Whose ears are these?" "They are Mickey Mouse's."
"Whose examples are these?" "They are Meryem's."
"Whose glasses are these?" "They are my father's."
"Whose glasses are those?" "Hers."
"Whose gloves are these?" "They are Lisa's."
"Whose goats are these?" "They are Yamina's."
"Whose hat is this?" "It's Tom's."
"Whose idea was this?" "My idea is that it wasn't me."
"Whose is it?" "It's Tom's."
"Whose is it?" "It's mine."
"Whose is the book?" "It's Tom's."
"Whose is this?" "It's Tom's."
"Whose jewels are these?" "They are Taninna's."
"Whose keys are these?" "They are Mary's."
"Whose knives are these?" "They are the butcher's."
"Whose letters are these?" "They are Linda's."
"Whose magazines are these?" "They are the doctor's."
"Whose medicines are these?" "They are Fahima's."
"Whose needles are these?" "They are Nadya's."
"Whose newspapers are these?" "They are my father's."
"Whose notebooks are these?" "They are Karim's."
"Whose pants are these?" "They are Ken's."
"Whose pencils are these?" "They are Walt Disney's."
"Whose pencils are these?" "They're Tom's."
"Whose pens are these?" "They are Tom's."
"Whose pictures are these?" "They are Marika's."
"Whose pillows are these?" "They are Kenza's."
"Whose rings are these?" "They are my mother's."
"Whose screwdrivers are these?" "They are the repairman's."
"Whose sentences are these?" "They are Amastan's."
"Whose sheep are these?" "They are mine."
"Whose shoes are these?" "They are my brother's."
"Whose shoes are these?" "They're Tom's."
"Whose side are you on?" "I'm always on the side of those who want to save human life."
"Whose socks are these?" "They are my sister's."
"Whose soldiers are these?" "They are Alexander the Great's."
"Whose sunglasses are these?" "They are Nabil's."
"Whose sunglasses are these?" "They're Tom's."
"Whose teeth are these?" "They are my grandfather's."
"Whose tools are these?" "They are my uncle's."
"Whose umbrella is this?" "I don't know, but maybe it's Tom's."
"Whose umbrella is this?" "It's Tom's."
"Whosoe'er thou be, / be kind, for strangers and in evil case / we roam, tost hither by the stormy sea."
"Who’s this man?" "That’s not a man. It’s a robot I thought up!"
"Why am I here?" asked Tom.
"Why am I not losing weight?" "That's because you eat too much."
"Why am I so tall?" someone asked his father. The father answered him: "Because you're my son, of course."
"Why are bananas yellow?" "When they're ripe, bananas are yellow. When they're raw, bananas are green."
"Why are leaves green?" "Leaves aren't always green."
"Why are the Sahrawis fighting?" "Because their country is illegally occupied by Morocco."
"Why are there beings at all, and not rather nothing? That is the question." At least, that is the question that Martin Heidegger poses us.
"Why are there more LGBTQ Americans in younger generations?" "Because Reagan murdered most of the ones in older generations."
"Why are those people here?" "They came for Tom."
"Why are we here?" "We are here to learn Berber."
"Why are we here?" asked Tom.
"Why are you all dressed up?" "I'm going to a party."
"Why are you always taking Mary's side?" "I'm not taking anyone's side."
"Why are you angry?" "I'm not angry!"
"Why are you angry?" "I'm not angry. I'm busy."
"Why are you asking?" "Because I want to know."
"Why are you begging for alms, Diogenes?" - "In order to teach generosity."
"Why are you called Tom? It's not your real name, right?" "Right. My real name is Tomoya, but then Tomoya became Tomo, which then became Tom."
"Why are you calling the front desk?" "I want an early wake up call."
"Why are you crying? Did I say something I shouldn't have?" "No, it's just that a drop of sweat got into my eye."
"Why are you crying? Is everything OK?" "It's my dad. He just passed away." 
"Oh, I'm so sorry."
"Why are you crying?" "Because I'm so happy."
"Why are you dating a slut like Baya?" "There's a time in life where you just need to let it go."
"Why are you doing that?" "Since you're my friend."
"Why are you doing this?" "Because I can. I am the Emperor of the World."
"Why are you doing this?" "Because Tom told me to."
"Why are you doing this?" "Why not?"
"Why are you dressed like a clown?" "I don't know. I woke up like this."
"Why are you duct-taping that cheeseburger to the wall?" "It's a form of art."
"Why are you duct-taping that cheeseburger to the wall?" "It’s a form of art."
"Why are you going to Japan?" "To attend a conference in Tokyo."
"Why are you grinning like that?" "That female high-school student I just passed by was really cute."
"Why are you grinning like that?" "The schoolgirl I just passed by was really cute."
"Why are you grinning like that?""That high school girl we just passed is really cute."
"Why are you grinning?" "The high school girls we just passed are really cute."
"Why are you here?" "I was just going to ask you the same thing." 
"Well, Tom told me he had something to give me, so I came here." 
"Me too." 
"Oh, so this is Tom's doing."
"Why are you late, Tom?" "I was eating lunch."
"Why are you late?" "Flat tyre."
"Why are you late?" "I fell off my bike."
"Why are you late?" "I got a puncture."
"Why are you late?" "I got off at the wrong stop."
"Why are you late?" "I was stuck in a queue."
"Why are you late?" "My bike fell into the canal."
"Why are you late?" "My foot got stuck in a tram rail."
"Why are you late?" "My girlfriend and I were snogging on the riverbank, and we ended up rolling in."
"Why are you late?" "My neighbour's dog snaffled one of my shoes and ran off down the street with it."
"Why are you late?" "The traffic was a nightmare."
"Why are you late?" "The train was late."
"Why are you laughing alone?" "What business is it of yours?"
"Why are you lying to me?" "I'm not lying."
"Why are you mad at me?" "I'm not mad at you!"
"Why are you making that face?" "I ate some Japanese pickled plums, and they were really salty."
"Why are you not coming here?" "Because I don't want to."
"Why are you not eating?" "No reason."
"Why are you only mad at me? Mary did the same thing too." 
"I guess it's probably just force of habit."
"Why are you opining on British politics when you're American?" "Why did England just block an act of the Scottish parliament when they're English? Don't you think that's much more egregious and serious?"
"Why are you panting?" "Because I have been running."
"Why are you reading the book from right to left?" "Because it's written in Arabic."
"Why are you refusing?", he asked him.
"Why are you running so fast?" "I have to catch the train."
"Why are you sad?" "Because Marco left yesterday."
"Why are you smiling?" "Because I'm happy."
"Why are you smiling?" "Do I have to have a reason?"
"Why are you smiling?" "Do I need a reason?"
"Why are you smiling?" "Does there have to be a reason?"
"Why are you smiling?" "Does there need to be a reason?"
"Why are you smiling?" "Has there got to be a reason?"
"Why are you smiling?" "Have I got to have a reason?"
"Why are you smiling?" "Need there be a reason?"
"Why are you so cold?" "Because I'm dead."
"Why are you so cool?" "I was born this way."
"Why are you so fat? Don't you care about your health?" "What is it to you? My body and health are my concern."
"Why are you so glum?" "Our dog is sick."
"Why are you so grumpy?" "Because."
"Why are you so grumpy?" "Just am."
"Why are you so happy?" "Because my father has just arrived."
"Why are you so interested in Germany?" "I don't know."
"Why are you so negative?" "I'm being practical."
"Why are you so quiet and shy? Don't you have anything to say?" "What is it to you? My personality is not up for judgment."
"Why are you so upset?" "Because Tom knows about everything."
"Why are you so upset?" "I'm not."
"Why are you soaking wet?" "I've fallen into the pool."
"Why are you spending your time with this trash?" "Who are you calling trash, you cripple?"
"Why are you studying English so hard?" "To be an English teacher."
"Why are you studying Hungarian?" "Because it's there."
"Why are you stupid?" "I'm not stupid."
"Why are you taking pedagogy courses? Do you want to become a teacher?" "No, I'm learning it not as a career prospect, but as a life skill."
"Why are you talking about the U.K.?" "Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere."
"Why are you talking like that?" "You know exactly why I'm talking like this."
"Why are you throwing books in the fire?" "Because I'm cold."
"Why are you turning around?" "I forgot my glasses."
"Why are you two hanging out here?" "I'm tutoring her."
"Why are you using the name 'Ziri' in your sentences?" "Is that forbidden?"
"Why are you using the name 'Ziri' in your sentences?" "Who cares?"
"Why are you using the name 'Ziri' in your sentences?" "Who's asking?"
"Why are you using the name 'Ziri' in your sentences?" "Why are other people flooding the website with the name 'Tom'?"
"Why are you using the name 'Ziri' in your sentences?" "Why are other people spamming the website with the name 'Tom'?"
"Why are you using the name 'Ziri' in your sentences?" "Why are you asking this question in the first place?"
"Why are you wasting your time?" "I'm praying."
"Why are you wearing earrings?" "I'm a girl."
"Why are you wearing long-sleeved clothes if it's summer?" "To protect myself from mosquitoes."
"Why are you wet?" "I fell in the water."
"Why are you wiggling so much?" "It tickles."
"Why aren't his works displayed?" "No one's interested in them."
"Why aren't his works exhibited?" "There's no interest in them."
"Why aren't people more smurfy to each other?" "Because they're not Smurfs, Smurfette!" "Smurfiness can be learned. I'm sure of that." 
"I disagree. Either you're smurfy, or you're not."
"Why aren't they here?" "I don't know. We are going to see a film, but it starts very soon."
"Why aren't you answering my calls?" "Because I didn't feel like it."
"Why aren't you coming?" "Because I don't want to."
"Why aren't you coming?" "Because we don't want to."
"Why aren't you getting ready?" "Because I don't feel like going."
"Why aren't you going?" "Because I don't want to."
"Why aren't you going?" "I don't want to."
"Why aren't you scared?" "I can handle myself."
"Why aren't you wearing your hat?" "I'm not wearing my hat because I'm wearing Tom's hat."
"Why aren't you writing?" "Because I don't like it."
"Why aren’t you going?" "Because I don’t want to."
"Why can't I be small and pretty?" "Because you're big and pretty."
"Why can't I just have a normal boyfriend? Why? Just a regular boyfriend who doesn't go nuts on me!" "Everybody wants that, dear. It doesn't exist."
"Why can't Tom leave me alone?" "Tell him he's annoying you!"
"Why can't the city grow fruit trees everywhere?" "Because every world leader wears adult diapers and sits in their filth all day long."
"Why can't we walk?" suggested Anne.
"Why can't you agree with me all the time?" "The last time I agreed with you, when you said that women belong in the kitchen, you ran away when I grabbed the knife."
"Why can't you be more like me?" "I don't want to be like you!"
"Why can't you just be normal?" "Define 'normal'."
"Why did Mary apologize to me just now?" "She has English guilt." 
"What's that?" "Being a native English speaker, she's realizing how lucky and privileged she is to not have to struggle through learning it." 
"Don't they have their own struggles, too? I mean, I'd imagine it's harder for them to find someone who wants to speak a language other than English."
"Why did Mary will Tom into existence?" "She wanted a cute shota boyfriend." 
"I didn't know she was into that." 
"There's a lot you don't know about her."
"Why did Tom break the window?" "He needed to get in."
"Why did Tom do that?" "Beats me."
"Why did Tom do that?" "Do what?"
"Why did Tom do that?" "I don't know."
"Why did Tom do that?" "I have no idea."
"Why did Tom do that?" "That's what we need to find out."
"Why did Tom move to Boston?" "To live with his grandparents."
"Why did Tom tear the newspaper?" "I don't know. Maybe he didn't like an article in it."
"Why did so many medieval countries kick Jews out unless they had good reason?" "Because medieval society was savage, brutal, superstitious, and prone to mass hysteria."
"Why did the English fight the Native Americans?" asked Tom. "And why did the Indians fight the English?" asked Mary.
"Why did the chicken cross the road?" is a very well-known English riddle, to which there are a multiplicity of answers.
"Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?" "I don't know, Tom. Why?" "Because it was dead."
"Why did the tomato blush?" "Because it saw the salad dressing."
"Why did the turkey cross the road?" "Because it was the chicken's day off."
"Why did you become a translator?" "It just sort of happened."
"Why did you break my vase?" "Tit for tat."
"Why did you bring a violin?" "I'd like to make a bit of music." 
"That's a brilliant idea. Don't wait long – get started!"
"Why did you bring so many cough drops? You can buy cough drops here." 
"Japanese throats require Japanese cough drops." 
"Hmm, I don't think that's true."
"Why did you bring so many throat lozenges? You can buy lozenges here too." 
"Japanese throats only respond to Japanese throat lozenges." 
"Hmm, I don't know if that's true."
"Why did you buy a new laptop?" "I couldn't resist!"
"Why did you choose to become a doctor, Tom?" "I've always wanted to help people."
"Why did you do it, Tom?" "I didn't do anything!"
"Why did you do it?" "Because I can."
"Why did you do it?" "Because I could."
"Why did you do that?" "Because I can."
"Why did you do that?" "Because I felt like it."
"Why did you do that?" "Do what?"
"Why did you do that?" "I don't know."
"Why did you do that?" "I had no choice."
"Why did you do that?" "I wanted to see what would happen."
"Why did you do this?" Janos whimpered through tears.
"Why did you drop out of college? Don't you value education?" "What is it to you? My educational choices are my own."
"Why did you end up splitting up?" "Because even though I really loved Tom, he considered me more as a friend than a romantic partner."
"Why did you fire the butler?" "Because I can and because he deserved it."
"Why did you get divorced? Did you cheat on your spouse?" "What is it to you? My marriage is private."
"Why did you get fired from your job? Did you mess up?" "What is it to you? My employment matters are personal."
"Why did you get married?" said Scrooge. "Because I fell in love." 
"Because you fell in love!" growled Scrooge, as if that were the only one thing in the world more ridiculous than a merry Christmas.
"Why did you get plastic surgery? Weren't you happy with yourself?" "What is it to you?"
"Why did you get that ugly tattoo? You'll regret it!" "What is it to you? My body art choices are mine alone."
"Why did you hit him?" "He was going to hit me!"
"Why did you keep Jackson on the payroll?" "His work rate is off the charts."
"Why did you kill your wife?" "Objection, Your Honor." 
"Sustained."
"Why did you lie?" he asked quietly. "He's your boyfriend." 
"He's not, I promise you!" she cried.
"Why did you park so far away?" "There wasn't anywhere closer to park."
"Why did you quit that job? Were you fired for incompetence?" "What is it to you?"
"Why did you return to Algeria?" "To save my country."
"Why did you run away last time?" "Because I'm a mistake and mistakes are meant to be forgotten." 
"Do you know how many years I've spent looking for you? You're my daughter and I'll never abandon you again... I'm so, so, so sorry for what I did to you! I was young then and I didn't know what to do! Please forgive me, Rima! Please..." 
"I don't know..."
"Why did you say hello to that shrew?" "I don't want to ruin my karma."
"Why did you say just now that there were very particular reasons why I should study this case?" "Because it was the first in which I was ever engaged."
"Why did you steal the gumball machine?" "I just really wanted gumballs."
"Why did you tip-toe past the medicine cabinet?" "I didn't want to wake the sleeping pills."
"Why did you try to escape from me? I brought you into this world and I could just as easily take you out of it." 
"You can't tell me what to do. I am my own freaking boss, I play by my own freaking rules. I take instructions from nobody, not even the enclosed instruction book."
"Why did you want to come to Tokyo University?" "Because I wanted to eat red gate ramen!"
"Why didn't I think of that?" "Because you're an idiot."
"Why didn't Tom get back home today?" "His flight was canceled."
"Why didn't Tom tell the truth?" "Tom didn't tell the truth because he lied." 
"Sorry, I don't really understand you."
"Why didn't anyone tell me that earlier?" "Why did you never ask?"
"Why didn't he say anything?" "Who knows... He just didn't."
"Why didn't you bring an umbrella?" "It was such good weather this morning!"
"Why didn't you call me back yesterday?" "Sorry, I forgot."
"Why didn't you call?" "My phone battery was dead."
"Why didn't you call?" "My phone's battery had died."
"Why didn't you call?" "My phone's battery was out of charge."
"Why didn't you come?" "I didn't come because I didn't have the time."
"Why didn't you come?" "I had no choice."
"Why didn't you come?" "I wanted to avoid meeting Tom."
"Why didn't you do that?" "Because I had a fever."
"Why didn't you do that?" "I forgot."
"Why didn't you eat?" "I didn't eat because I wasn't hungry."
"Why didn't you ever say anything about it, then?" "I didn't think you'd be interested!"
"Why didn't you guys go climbing today?" "We didn't go climbing because it rains today."
"Why didn't you invite me to the party?" "I did invite you! Haven't you looked at your email?"
"Why didn't you kiss Mary?" "She wouldn't let me."
"Why didn't you let him to kiss you?" "I don't want him to mess up my lipstick."
"Why didn't you ring us? You know we would've come and picked you up from the station!" "It was meant to be a surprise that I came early."
"Why didn't you say hello to Mary?" "Her name escaped me."
"Why didn't you say hello to Mary?" "I couldn't think of her name."
"Why didn't you say so before?" she said laughing gleefully. "You gave me such a fright. Why, of course, now as long as we die we'll be with mother again."
"Why didn't you sleep?" "I didn't sleep because I wasn't sleepy."
"Why didn't you tell me I was meant to ring Tom back?" "Oh, I completely forgot." 
"That's not all you forget when it comes to Tom!"
"Why didn't you tell me anything?" "I didn't want to upset you."
"Why didn't you tell me?" "Because it was none of your business."
"Why didn't you tell me?" "I didn't have the chance." 
"Yeah, yeah, that's what they all say."
"Why didn't you tell me?" "I'm telling you."
"Why didn't you tell me?" "You didn't ask."
"Why didn't you tell me?" "You never asked."
"Why didn't you tell us earlier that you had to go?" "I was too embarrassed."
"Why didn't you tell us?" "No one asked."
"Why didn't you tell us?" "You didn't ask."
"Why didn't you text me back?" "I was sleeping."
"Why didn't you turn the lights on?" "I just couldn't be bothered."
"Why didn’t you come?" "I had no choice."
"Why do I feel this way?" asked Tom.
"Why do I get the feeling you don't like him very much?" "Because I don't."
"Why do cats purr?" "That's an interesting question."
"Why do people have to pay for good sex at this point in time?" "Because there is no adult entertainment."
"Why do people still go to war with each other?" "Because we're stupid apes."
"Why do people think the lizard people conspiracy theory is antisemitic?" "David Icke is very open about being an antisemite."
"Why do squirrels swim on their back?" "To keep their nuts dry."
"Why do the Japanese have to learn English? Foreigners should kindly learn Japanese!" "You're right!"
"Why do we still have this button? We should just throw it into trash." 
"We can do that, but first I'm going to make lots of spaghetti for dinner."
"Why do you always clean your room before you leave, Tom?" "Because I'll know sooner when I return whether burglars were there."
"Why do you always do that?" "Do what?"
"Why do you always fish under a bridge when it's raining?" - "It's because the fish take shelter there."
"Why do you always have to be so jealous? All I did was shake Mary's hand!" "No, you smiled at her the way you always smile at me!"
"Why do you always wear a long skirt?" "Because I want to hide my bulky legs."
"Why do you always wear such tacky clothes?" "What is it to you? My fashion choices are my own."
"Why do you always wear those daft sunglasses?" "They ain't daft. They're cool."
"Why do you ask?" "Because I want to know."
"Why do you criticize the United States? Is your country more free and democratic than the United States?" "Why do you automatically assume that just any person who criticizes the United States believes that their own country is perfect?"
"Why do you do acid?" "It lets me see all my problems clearly." 
"That's why I don't do acid..."
"Why do you do it that way?" "I don't know. That's the way we've always done it."
"Why do you do that?" "Because everyone does it. Because I've succumbed to group pressure."
"Why do you hang out with those losers?" "They're not losers. They're my friends."
"Why do you hate Tom so much? He's a pretty good guy." 
"No, I know he's not a bad person, but psychologically it's impossible for me to like him."
"Why do you hate me so much?" "Because you are a brute!"
"Why do you keep an empty bottle in your car?" "Take a wild guess."
"Why do you laugh?" "I am laughing at your lies." 
"How do you know I'm lying?"
"Why do you like Esperanto, Marko?" "I think Esperanto's like a Zen or Daoist language. It's hard for me to explain." 
"I think I understand."
"Why do you like learning languages?" "Because it's like a treasure hunt. Every old word remembered and every new word learned is like a shining gem."
"Why do you listen to so much music every day?" "Because I need it. Food and drinks feed my body. Music feeds my soul."
"Why do you live here?" "I don't."
"Why do you live in such a rundown neighborhood? Are you poor?" "What is it to you?"
"Why do you need food now?" "It's for a late lunch."
"Why do you need the car?" "To go to the town."
"Why do you only ever get mad at me but always leave Mary alone?" "They say one's everyday conduct speaks volumes."
"Why do you put cheese on your biscuits?" "Because it tastes nice."
"Why do you put cheese on your cookies?" "Because it tastes good."
"Why do you put your head on the ground?" "I'm praying."
"Why do you rob banks?" "Because that’s where the money is."
"Why do you say Stalin is dead?" "Papa, take your medicine."
"Why do you say that she's liar?" "Because she is."
"Why do you sit moping there, Annie?" cried her brother. "Come out into the sunshine!"
"Why do you sit moping there, Annie?" cried her brother. "Come out into the sunshine!" "No, thank you, Joseph. I have a slight headache and this room is deliciously cool and soothing."
"Why do you so desperately want to die?" "Why do you so desperately want to live?"
"Why do you study Interlingua?" "Because it's so easy."
"Why do you take this medicine?" "To sleep."
"Why do you think that Tom dislikes you?" "Because he told me it to my face."
"Why do you think things have to be this way?" "It's just human nature." 
"Citation needed."
"Why do you use Proton Mail?" "I have the right to use it. Why don't you?"
"Why do you want marine plywood?" "I want to build something for the garden."
"Why do you want to climb the mountain?" "Because it is right there."
"Why do you want to die?" "Why do you want to live?"
"Why do you want to join the special forces?" "I grew up on a farm and I've always liked animals." 
"What the f... What does this have to do with farm animals?"
"Why do you want to know?" "I'm just curious."
"Why do young women still need feminism even today?" "Because young men are listening to Andrew Tate."
"Why does Israel have a higher skin cancer rate than all its neighbors?" "It doesn't. Lebanon has a higher rate."
"Why does Skura have a big tummy?" "Because she has a little baby growing within her."
"Why does Tom always pluck at his right earlobe when he thinks?" "Oh, that's one of his peculiarities."
"Why does Tom call me Mary?" "Isn't your name Mary?" "No, it's Maria."
"Why does Tom do that?" "I don't know. Perhaps to annoy us?"
"Why does Tom keep getting up?" "He's draining the swamp." 
"He's what?" "He's got diarrhea."
"Why does Tom speak Czech and not English?" "Because Czech is his native language."
"Why does Urumqi have such cold weather?" "Naturally, because it's north of the Tian Shan."
"Why does Ziri always smell of shit?" "I guess he never washes his hands after he goes to the bathroom."
"Why does Ziri's room smell of shit?" "Don't you know? Ziri has a dog now."
"Why does everyone here call me Mary?" "The name Mary is a tradition here, Mary. There's hardly a girl here called anything else."
"Why does this quote from Einstein sound like a word-for-word translation from the English? He can't have said it like that." 
"Probably because it is in fact a translation from the English."
"Why does your plate have more pancakes than mine?" "Because my lucky number is seven and yours is one."
"Why doesn't he just wait in line?" "Tom's too special for that."
"Why don't all universities use open source textbooks?" "Because every high-ranking administrator has been filmed in a sexual act with a student and blackmailed." 
"Hmmm. Why don't hookers just write textbooks themselves?"
"Why don't computers make all of life essentials cheaper?" "Not to change the subject, but call this cheese Cheddar XP."
"Why don't they ever play 'Cheers Then' by Bananarama on the radio at Christmas?" "Because it's not a Christmas song?" "It is! It's got sleigh bells, bittersweet nostalgia, smiling through the break-up tears in the snow, the lot!"
"Why don't trans lesbians date each other?" "You mean the single most common thing for trans lesbians to do?"
"Why don't we do it in the road?" "Because cars."
"Why don't we do it in the road?" "Because it's unpleasant to lie in."
"Why don't we have a smoke?" "Can't. I just quit."
"Why don't we order some vanilla ice cream and split half?" "Sounds good!"
"Why don't we stop in Algiers and take a break?" "Good idea."
"Why don't you believe in God? Don't you have any morals?" "What is it to you? My religious beliefs are personal."
"Why don't you come?" "Because I don't want to."
"Why don't you divorce him?" "I can't. He's the father of my children and we have a long history together."
"Why don't you do it?" "Why don't you do it instead?"
"Why don't you eat grains?" "I don't eat grains because they're all from species of grass. I don't eat grass because I'm not a fucking cow."
"Why don't you eat meat? Are you trying to be better than everyone else?" "What is it to you? My dietary preferences are totally personal."
"Why don't you eat meat?" "It isn't good for us, for the animals, or for the Earth. But I'm not judgey — you do you." 
"I'm just curious, I've thought about giving up meat to save the Earth, but it is just so delicious."
"Why don't you get married?" "Married? No thanks! I'm young – I want to enjoy my freedom for as long as possible."
"Why don't you go to the Master? He likes, as you know, to carry things we leave up to his study, or to give them to someone who can return them to us." 
"You make a good point, how forgetful I am, not to have thought of that!"
"Why don't you go?" "I don't want to."
"Why don't you have a car? Are you too poor to afford one?" "What is it to you?"
"Why don't you have any friends? Are you just not likeable?" "What is it to you? My social connections are my concern."
"Why don't you just tell him the truth?" "I can't. I'll hurt him."
"Why don't you like me?" "Because you're nasty!"
"Why don't you like sports day?" "Because I hate getting last place in the foot race!"
"Why don't you lose weight?" "God, I want to!"
"Why don't you move to an area where there's more going on?" "It's not that simple. I'm married with kids—" "And your husband comes from round here." 
"My wife, actually. No, she's from Middlesbrough."
"Why don't you stay for the night?" "I don't have my stuff."
"Why don't you tell me that you love me, Tom?" "And why don't you tell me that you love me, Mary?"
"Why don't you translate any sentences, Tom?" "Sentences by others don't interest me."
"Why don't you use the name God gave you?" "My parents gave me this name; God had nothing to do with it. The name didn't fit, so I picked a different one."
"Why don't you want Tom to succeed?" "Because the things he wants to succeed at are bad."
"Why don't you wear makeup? Don't you want to look presentable?" "What is it to you?"
"Why don't you wish a little harder?" asked the little white rabbit.
"Why don't you write sentences about countries such as France, India, and Uruguay?" "Why don't you write them yourself?"
"Why don’t you wish a little harder?" asked the little white rabbit.
"Why have you bought flowers?" "Why do you ask? Simply because I wanted to."
"Why have you brought a violin?" "I'd like to make some music." 
"That's a brilliant idea. Don't hang about – get cracking!"
"Why have you got more pancakes on your plate than I have?" "Well, my lucky number is seven, and yours is one. So I get seven pancakes, and you get one." 
"Ha! Nice try."
"Why have you got my jacket on again?" "It suits me, doesn't it?"
"Why have you parked so far away?" "There wasn't anywhere closer to park."
"Why have you returned to Algeria?" "To save my country."
"Why have you started learning to play the piano?" "Because I want to be a music teacher."
"Why haven't I got a girlfriend?" "Because you never go anywhere where you might meet one. Instead, you're always just sitting at home in front of your computer."
"Why haven't you found a partner yet? Are you too picky?" "What is it to you? This is not your business."
"Why haven't you never got married?" "End of conversation. Leave my office right now."
"Why in the hell are you wearing makeup like that?" "I'm wearing it for you." 
"For me? Where are you going then?"
"Why in the world would you do that?" the other asked.
"Why is Greenwich Mean Time so angry?" asked Mary. Tom said, "Are you stupid? That's the date line time zone." 
"No, I just like to play dumb," said Mary.
"Why is Mary crying?" "Because of you."
"Why is Rima always dressed like a slut?" "Because she is a slut."
"Why is Tom doing that?" "I don't know. To annoy us, maybe?"
"Why is Tom here?" "I don't know why Tom is here. Nobody invited him."
"Why is Tom in such a bad mood?" "I heard that he wrecked the new car he just bought. We should probably leave him alone for now."
"Why is Tom sick?" "He might have eaten some bad food."
"Why is Tom so afraid of you?" "I have no idea."
"Why is Tom so happy?" "Because of you."
"Why is Tom staying home?" "He's staying home because he's sick."
"Why is Yanni swearing?" "He has just failed his driving test."
"Why is Ziri's girlfriend dressed like a slut?" "She is a slut."
"Why is blood red?" "There's iron in the blood. That makes it red."
"Why is everything white?" "Because of the snow."
"Why is it like that and not different?" "Because it just is, Tom. You can't change it, however much you might want to."
"Why is it that I'm the only one around here who's willing to be honest?" "You're not; it's just that you perceive the world differently from other people."
"Why is it you wanted to come to this secondary school?" "Because the school uniform was cute!"
"Why is my sister stupid?" "I'm not stupid!"
"Why is my sister stupid?" "I'm not stupid!" "You're not my sister!"
"Why is salt white?" "I don't know."
"Why is that funny?" "I don't know. It just is."
"Why is that kid laughing so hard?" "Because of something weird you said."
"Why is that?" "Because you invited me."
"Why is the sky blue?" "The sky isn't always blue."
"Why is your grandmother in hospital?" "She needs a hip replacement."
"Why is your room pink, Tom?" "Oh, this was my sister's room before."
"Why isn't Tom coming?" "He was talking about getting infected by a computer virus or something." 
"Hah, Tom did?" "Yeah, he's going to heat it out in bed." 
"I don't think I understand." 
"Me neither."
"Why isn't Tom going to help us?" "Because he's an asshole."
"Why isn't Uncle Lewis on the guest list?" "Mum fell out with him, didn't she." 
"Well then, now's the best time to patch things up."
"Why isn't he coming out?" "Don't know. Something's keeping him there."
"Why isn't he drinking?" "Because he's Muslim."
"Why isn't he drinking?" "He's Muslim."
"Why isn't it illegal to lie to get elected to a public office?" "Because politicians make the laws."
"Why me?" "Because, by process of elimination, there was no other choice."
"Why must I always leave everything to the last minute?" Tom cursed as he was hastily finalising his essay, which was due in two hours.
"Why not ask Tom?" "You think I'll get a sensible answer from him?" "Yeah, I do, definitely."
"Why not?" "I'm afraid he'll be angry with me."
"Why on earth is this bread pitch black?" "Because it has bamboo charcoal in it. I bought it because I thought it was unusual."
"Why on earth would you consider going back into that hell again?" "If you love the country, you have no choice. It's not a question."
"Why punch Nazis?" "Because I love peace."
"Why sentences?" you might ask. Well, it's because sentences are more interesting.
"Why should I do it?" "Because Tom said so."
"Why should I share the treasure with you?" "I thought we had an agreement."
"Why should I shut up? When something annoys you, you should say so." 
"But everything annoys you."
"Why should Japanese people have to study English? Foreigners should have to study Japanese!" "What you say makes sense!"
"Why should everyone get free money?" "Because yes."
"Why should we tell the truth about Tom, when he doesn't tell the truth about us?" "Because it's the truth."
"Why the candle-lit table?" "Today is a special day, Rima." 
"What do you mean?" "Would you marry me?" "What?! Sure!"
"Why wasn’t my writing chosen?" "Toru, while your writing is certainly beautiful — you have the basics down and are well-organized overall — the feelings still just aren't there." 
"'Feelings'?" "Yes. If you don't put your personal feelings into your brushwork, it's rather lifeless. Think about how to do it in your own way. I'll be looking forward to seeing your next attempt."
"Why were you having lunch with Tom?" "Because I wanted to."
"Why were you holding her hand?" "I wasn't holding her hand!"
"Why were you holding his hand?" "I wasn't holding his hand!"
"Why were you late?" "Because I got stuck in traffic."
"Why were you spying on them?" "I wasn't spying."
"Why weren't you at the meeting?" "Something came up."
"Why weren't you there yesterday? It was such a good party." 
"Matthew wasn't feeling well, so I didn't want to leave him on his own."
"Why would Tom do that?" "That's what we've got to find out."
"Why yes" is the newest slang used in Brazilian Portuguese. It's used when people don't know the actual reason behind something happening or existing.
"Why's everybody ignoring me?" "No one's ignoring you, Mary. Look, today's your birthday, isn't it? Happy birthday!" "Happy birthday!" "Happy birthday!"
"Why's this medicine powder so sweet? It's like sugar!" "It contains erythritol."
"Why, Anne, how you've grown!" she said, almost unbelievingly.
"Why?" "Because fuck you, that's why."
"Why?" "Because!"
"Why?" "I do not know why."
"Why?" "I don't have my keys." 
"What keys?" "Motorcycle keys."
"Why?" "I don't know why."
"Why?" "Just because."
"Why?" "Why not?"
"Why?" That was the simple question everyone was asking themselves.
"Why?" Ziri asked Rima in shock.
"Why?" asked Ziri with a confused look.
"Why?" asked the boy.
"Why?" asked the daughter, a trifle irritated.
"Wide rule and happy days await thee there, / and royal marriage shall thy portion be. / Weep not for lov'd Creusa, weep not."
"Wife this, wife that. If you wanted to get married so much, why didn't you just get a mail-order bride?" "I never thought about that."
"Wife?" "Ex." 
"Kids?" "Four."
"Will Algeria become a true democracy?" "Only time will tell."
"Will Juma go to the market with Hasani?" "No, he will go alone."
"Will Tom be here tomorrow?" "I hope so."
"Will Tom be there?" "No, I don't think so."
"Will Tom come?" "I would think so."
"Will Tom come?" "No, I don't think so."
"Will Tom do that?" "Maybe, but who cares?"
"Will Tom help us?" "No, I don't think so."
"Will Yanni stop in Boumerdes?" "No. He's gonna drive straight through to Algiers."
"Will both you and Tom be here tomorrow?" "I will be, but Tom won't be."
"Will he be back on his feet again soon?" "I hope so."
"Will he be back soon?" "I don't think so."
"Will he come home soon?" "I'm afraid not."
"Will he come home soon?" "I’m afraid not."
"Will he come?" "No, I don't think so."
"Will he come?" "No, I don’t think so."
"Will he get better soon?" "I think so."
"Will he pass the examination?" "I am afraid not."
"Will he recover soon?" "I hope so."
"Will he recover soon?" "I'm afraid not."
"Will he recover soon?" "I’m afraid not."
"Will he succeed?" "I fear not."
"Will it be ready today?" "Depends, we'll see."
"Will it clear up soon?" "I'm afraid not."
"Will it clear up soon?" "I’m afraid not."
"Will it rain tomorrow?" "I hope not."
"Will it rain tomorrow?" "It's quite possible."
"Will it rain?" "I hope not."
"Will it rain?" "It's hard to say."
"Will it stop raining soon?" "I don't think so."
"Will it stop raining soon?" "I'm afraid not".
"Will it stop raining soon?" "I'm afraid not."
"Will it stop raining soon?" "I’m afraid not."
"Will the Liberals win the elections?" "It's unlikely."
"Will the children stay at home with their mother?" "No, they will stay alone."
"Will the exam be difficult?" "It will be more difficult than the last one."
"Will the porters come with their master?" "No, they will come alone."
"Will the project be completed on time?" "I can guarantee it."
"Will they be open this early in the morning?" "They'll let me in on sight."
"Will they be open this early in the morning?" "They’ll let me in on sight."
"Will they go on strike again?" "I'm afraid so."
"Will they go on strike again?" "I’m afraid so."
"Will we call each other by name?" "I think we will."
"Will we make it in time walking at this pace?" "Of course we will. We still have 30 minutes left."
"Will you always love me?" "For all eternity!"
"Will you be able to do that today?" "I think so."
"Will you be at my party tomorrow night?" "I'll try to be there."
"Will you be eating in?" "No, I'll have it takeaway."
"Will you be here?" "When?" "When I pass away." 
"No, Ziri, you're not dying!"
"Will you be my girlfriend?" "Of course!"
"Will you be studying this afternoon?" "Yes."
"Will you buy it for me?" "Buy what?"
"Will you change your address?" "Oh no. I'm just going to change my dress."
"Will you clean your room today or not?! If not, you won't get sweets tomorrow." 
"Really, mom, you always give convincing reasons!"
"Will you do that for me, Tom?" "With pleasure, my darling!"
"Will you do that tomorrow?" "No, I don't plan to."
"Will you do your homework after dinner?" "Yes."
"Will you drink the wine?" "No."
"Will you explain what the trouble is?" asked Anne, in her most dignified manner.
"Will you give me the loan back then?" "Don't doubt it, but if you need more, I will not only pay it back, but return the favour."
"Will you go out with me?" "Not a chance."
"Will you go to Glasgow via Mallaig?" "Yes, I will."
"Will you go to the market with Juma?" "No, I shall go alone."
"Will you go?" "I will if I have to."
"Will you hang out with me?" "I would, but I have so much to study."
"Will you have another cup of coffee?" "No, thank you."
"Will you have another slice of pie?" "Yes, please."
"Will you have some more coffee?" "No, thanks. I've had enough."
"Will you have some more coffee?" "No, thanks. I’ve had enough."
"Will you help me with my English homework?" "Certainly."
"Will you help me, Tom?" "No, not again. Ask someone else!"
"Will you help me, please?" "Of course I will."
"Will you help me?" "Gladly."
"Will you help me?" "I'll be glad to."
"Will you help me?" "I’ll be glad to."
"Will you help me?" "Yes, of course."
"Will you help me?" "Yes, with pleasure."
"Will you lend it to me?" "I need it?" "For what?" "To buy paper."
"Will you lend me a pen?" "I don't have any."
"Will you lend me this book?" "No, sorry. I'd never see it again. I've lent so many books that I've never got back."
"Will you lend me your Terence?" "I will, if you will get it from Conrad, whom I gave it to use."
"Will you let me make the tea?" said Anne dubiously.
"Will you make me a cup of tea?" "What do you want? Black? Green?" "No. Peppermint, please."
"Will you marry me?" "Of course I'll marry you."
"Will you marry me?" "Yes! A million times yes!"
"Will you marry me?" "Yes, I will!"
"Will you meet Tom tomorrow?" "Yes, I plan to."
"Will you pass me the sugar?" "Here you are."
"Will you play tennis tomorrow?" "No, we'll play golf."
"Will you play the piano tomorrow?" "No, I won't."
"Will you play the piano tomorrow?" "No, I won’t."
"Will you please help me?" "Yes, with pleasure."
"Will you please mail this letter for me?'" "I'd be happy to."
"Will you please not prance about, and instead take this more seriously?"
"Will you read to me?" "You can read yourself, can't you?"
"Will you repeat the lesson with me?" "I will."
"Will you see the film tonight?" "No."
"Will you see the museum again?" "Yes."
"Will you show me your ticket?" "Yes, of course."
"Will you study after dinner?" "Yes, I will."
"Will you swear to be my friend forever and ever?" demanded Anne eagerly.
"Will you take the red pill or the blue pill?" "I think I'll just go home."
"Will you think about it?" "Yes, I will."
"Will you think about what I said to you?" "Yes, I will think about it."
"Will you visit Tom?" "No. I don't want to see him."
"Will you write out the lesson for me?" "Why have you not written it?" "Because I was busy yesterday."
"Will your parents be there?" "Maybe yes, maybe no."
"William, wake up! Your alarm is going off!" his roommate shouted.
"Wilt thou not see, if yet thy sire survive, / worn out with age, amid the war's alarms? / And if thy wife Creusa be alive, / and young Ascanius? for around thee swarms / the foe, and but for my protecting arms, / fierce sword or flame had swept them all away."
"Witches don't cry," she whispered softly.
"With just a little bit of spare energy, he crushed the cooled and solidified rock mass, grabbing and crushing it" Terada Torahiko, "From the Foot of Mt. Asama"
"With no picks how did you break in?" "The toilet window was open."
"With twice ten ships I climbed the Phrygian main, / my goddess-mother pointing out the way, / as Fate commanded. Now scarce seven remain, / wave-worn and shattered by the tempest's strain."
"With two such men as yourself and Lestrade upon the ground, there will not be much for a third party to find out," he said.
"With what fabulous creation can a woman be compared?" "With a triple-headed snake. She says one thing, thinks another, and does a third."
"Within a very short period of time, our lives have been forever changed. From the typical life of a perfectly healthy 16-year-old athlete — attending high school, hanging out with friends, sailing and playing video games — to waking up intubated and with two new lungs," stated the family.
"Woke" is either a Black American term for being aware of systemic racism, or a name the right gives to everything it doesn't like.
"Wokeism" was made up by the American far right.
"Wolf spiders are great pest control." 
"But then you have wolf spiders."
"Women don't exist." 
"If you believe that, that's fine, but women have always existed, they still exist and they'll always do."
"Women exist." 
"This sounds deeply transphobic to me."
"Women in tiny hovels have their arms full of rosy dimpled darlings," sighed Queen Rosewhite.
"Women know fuck all about football." 
"Yeah? Well, men know fuck all about knitting."
"Women no longer exist?" "If you believe that, that's fine, but women have always existed, they still exist and they'll always do."
"Won't you come with us?" "I'd be glad to."
"Won't you find it hard to say goodbye?" "No, not when I think of meeting again."
"Won't you have to resign now?" "No, certainly not."
"Won't you say that I was right?" "I will."
"Won't you sit down, Mrs Miller?" said Jack. "Please, have a seat." 
"No, thanks! I've just come to look in on you, say hello." Jack shrugged his shoulders. "Hello."
"Won't you tell us what has happened?" "After breakfast, my dear Watson."
"Won’t you come with us?" "I’d be glad to."
"Woof! Woof, woof, woof!" "You tell 'em, Cookie!"
"Words can't describe how happy I am right now!" "That's a pretty good description."
"Work is, after all, what I'm most capable of," he said after a minute.
"Worry not, comrade, for I have a plan!" - "That worries me..."
"Would I lie to you?" "Yes, I think you would lie to me."
"Would that your king AEneas here could stand, / driven by the gale that drove you to this strand! / Natheless, to scour the country, will I send / some trusty messengers, with strict command / to search through Libya to the furthest end, / lest, cast ashore, through town or lonely wood he wend."
"Would you be able to live without pizza?" "Yeah. I'd be fine. I'd be totally unfazed."
"Would you be willing to apologize to Tommy Popák, Mr. President?" "Apologize? What should I be apologizing for?"
"Would you be willing to proctor this test?"
"Would you come to Australia?" "Yes indeed."
"Would you come to Boston?" "No."
"Would you consider yourself a Muslim today?" "Yes."
"Would you do me a big favor?" "Maybe. What is it?"
"Would you do me a big favor?" "What do you want me to do for you?"
"Would you do me a big favour?" "Maybe. What is it?"
"Would you do that for me?" "I can try to."
"Would you do that for me?" "What are brothers for?"
"Would you ever try beef brain tacos?" "Eww! No, never ever!"
"Would you explain the offside rule to me?" "Since when have you been interested in football?"
"Would you get me a cup of coffee?" "Sure. I'd be glad to."
"Would you get me a cup of coffee?" "With pleasure, my dear."
"Would you keep an eye on my car, sonny?" "And for how much?"
"Would you like Earl Grey or chai?" "Earl Grey, please." 
"Yes, ma'am. And would you like the loose leaf or bagged kind?" "I'll take the loose leaf, thank you."
"Would you like Tom to be there too?" "No, I don’t want Tom to be there too."
"Would you like a bagel?" "I'd love a bagel."
"Would you like a drink?" "I've already got one."
"Would you like a drink?" "Oh yes, that's a great idea."
"Would you like a glass of wine?" "Yes, please."
"Would you like a piece of cake with your coffee?" "I wouldn't say no."
"Would you like a piece of cake with your coffee?" "Wouldn't hurt."
"Would you like a piece of cake?" "What kind of cake?"
"Would you like a pint as well?" "Would love one."
"Would you like an apple as well, Tom?" "Oh, I'd love one." 
"Hard luck. You're not getting one."
"Would you like an apple as well, Tom?" "Oh, I'd love one." 
"Nyah-nyah, you're not getting one!"
"Would you like any more?" "No, I've had enough."
"Would you like any more?" "No, I’ve had enough."
"Would you like anything to drink? Orange juice?" "No, I'll have mineral water."
"Would you like anything to drink?" "No, thanks." 
"I'll grab a pint."
"Would you like me to call the police?" "No, he's my uncle."
"Would you like me to do that?" "And what exactly?" "You do know." 
"No, I don't." 
"That." 
"Is everything okay with you, Tom?"
"Would you like me to put some cream in your coffee?" "Yes, just a little bit."
"Would you like me to show you around town?" "I'd like that."
"Would you like some Marmite on your toast?" "I'd love some."
"Would you like some cake and champagne?" "Absolutely."
"Would you like some couscous?" "Yes, I would."
"Would you like some ice cream?" "No, thank you."
"Would you like some more tea?" "No, thanks."
"Would you like some more?" "No, I'm full."
"Would you like some tea?" "Yes, please."
"Would you like something to drink?" "A coffee, please."
"Would you like something to drink?" "No, but thanks for offering."
"Would you like something to drink?" "Oh, yes, that's a good idea."
"Would you like something to drink?" "Sorry, no thanks."
"Would you like something to drink?" "Yes, an orange juice, please."
"Would you like something to eat?" "No, thank you. I'll eat something at home."
"Would you like tea or coffee, sir?" "Well, that depends on whether you mean inclusive or or exclusive or."
"Would you like tea or coffee?" "Neither."
"Would you like to buy a suit?" the shopkeeper asked Dima, who brought the smells of the previous night with him as he walked through the door.
"Would you like to drive, or shall I?" "Oh, no matter. What's your preference?" "I don't mind; either way is fine." 
"Well, then, I'll drive. That'll give you a chance to rest a bit on the way."
"Would you like to go on a date with me?" "I thought you'd never ask."
"Would you like to go to a movie this weekend?" "I'm sorry I can't, but thanks for asking."
"Would you like to go to dinner?" "Yes, but not on a date. I'm not interested." 
"Don't worry about that."
"Would you like to go to the cinema?" "Oh, no, Tom, not today. Another time."
"Would you like to go to the movies?" "I'd love to, but I'm busy."
"Would you like to go with me?" "You bet!"
"Would you like to have lunch with us?" "I'd love to, but only if it's no trouble."
"Would you like to marry Mary?" "I would."
"Would you like to move to the table by the window?" "Yes, please."
"Would you like to read?" "No, thanks. I'm just listening."
"Would you like to repeat the lesson with me?” “I would.”
"Would you like to work for me, Tony?" asked Mr Wood.
"Would you like whiskey or wine?" "I'll pass, thank you."
"Would you like your kebab hot and spicy or mild?" "As hot and spicy as possible, please!"
"Would you marry an ugly man?" "I've married one."
"Would you marry me?" "Of course!"
"Would you marry me?" "Oh, yes! Of course!"
"Would you marry me?" "Sure!"
"Would you marry me?" "Yes!"
"Would you mind bringing me a teaspoon?" "Anything you want, darling." 
"I love you." 
"I love you, too."
"Would you mind bringing me that chair?" "Anything you want, sweetheart."
"Would you mind coming over here right now?" "Sure. I'll go right now."
"Would you mind giving me a lift in your car?" "Not at all."
"Would you mind helping me with my work?" "Not at all."
"Would you mind if I opened the window?" "Not at all."
"Would you mind if I popped round tonight?" "Work-related?" "That as well!"
"Would you mind me smoking?" "Certainly not."
"Would you mind opening the window?" "Certainly not."
"Would you mind opening the window?" "Of course not."
"Would you mind shutting the door?" "No, not at all."
"Would you mind taking me home?", she said.
"Would you pass me the salt, please?" "Here you are."
"Would you pass me the sugar, please?" "Here you are."
"Would you please call me a taxi?" "OK, you're a taxi."
"Would you please call me a taxi?" "OK, you’re a taxi."
"Would you please stop making your soup slosh? You'll ruin the carpet!"
"Would you pop into the kitchen and see whether the coffee has filtered through yet?" "I've only just switched the percolator on. You'd forgotten to press the button."
"Would you rather sleep with me, or would you rather join a religious order?" "No, I'd rather run away!"
"Would you say that again?" "You're a psycho."
"Would you, Marko, want to live in a city like Los Angeles or New York City?" "Sure, Dennis, but nothing compares to exciting Tokyo. I think it has to do with the Japanese writing, on signs, on buildings, on neon lights, and so on."
"Wouldn't you like to learn a foreign language?" "Who cares? These days, everyone speaks English anyway!"
"Wow! Who's that up there?" "Link, it's just my father." 
"Of course. Wait till the King hears about this!"
"Wow, I guess there was a king who—" "Tom, I don't care."
"Wow, that was amazi—" "I know."
"Wow, that's a lot of flowers!" "I love flowers."
"Wow, your brother is really handsome!" "And what am I, chopped liver?"
"Write it down." 
"No need. I'll remember it."
"Write something people understand!" "I don't want to be understood by everyone."
"Writing is really thinking. If you cannot express exactly what you need to get across, that shows there's confusion or vagueness in your thinking," Boissiere said.
"Y'are a dog." 
"Thy mother's of my generation; what's she, if I be a dog?"
"Y-You OK? Not hurt?", I enquire timidly. "Ah, no, I'm fine."
"Y-You OK? Not hurt?", I enquire timidly. "Ah, no, I’m fine."
"Yamada-kun, what are you doing here?" "I'm working part-time." 
"You also work part-time at the cram school, right? And yet, you also work at the izakaya?" "As a helper sometimes."
"Yanni and Skura are arguing again." 
"What have I gotten myself into!"
"Yanni ate a fig with bird poop on it." 
"Bird poop contains minerals." 
"Yuck!"
"Yanni can't live with a woman." 
"You can say that again."
"Yanni can't tell the difference." 
"Obviously."
"Yanni did it." 
"What do you mean?" "He shot Skura."
"Yanni didn't call." 
"Time for plan B."
"Yanni doesn't like to be stared at." 
"No one likes to be stared at."
"Yanni eats everything with fries." 
"Everything." 
"Including couscous?" "Including couscous."
"Yanni got a job in Algiers." 
"That's gonna be a hell of a commute."
"Yanni has already eaten fourteen figs." 
"That's too much."
"Yanni has apologized a million times." 
"I don't need his apologies."
"Yanni has decided to divorce Skura." 
"What? Is this a movie?"
"Yanni has started saying thank you to Skura in questionable ways." 
"What do you mean?" "He gave her flowers yesterday."
"Yanni hit Skura and disfigured her." 
"This man in a monster."
"Yanni in jail." 
"He's got right where he wanted."
"Yanni is a trans woman." 
"No, you mean he's a trans man." 
"No, she's a trans woman." 
"But Yanni is a man trying to become a woman, isn't he?" "Yes and that's what they call a trans woman." 
"Still Yanni is a man who's trying to become a woman. Yanni was born a male, he has male DNA and scientifically, he's still a man."
"Yanni is an electrician." 
"Isn't that nice? An electrician."
"Yanni is an orphan." 
"What do you mean?" "I mean his mom and dad are in heaven."
"Yanni is beating Skura again." 
"Quick, call the police!"
"Yanni is beating Skura." 
"Call the police immediately!"
"Yanni is beating Skura." 
"Call the police."
"Yanni is coming." 
"Abort mission! Abort mission!"
"Yanni is divorcing Skura." 
"I don't believe my ears."
"Yanni is divorcing Skura." 
"No shit!"
"Yanni is divorcing Skura." 
"Please tell me you're joking."
"Yanni is family." 
"No, he's not."
"Yanni is here." 
"I'm on my way."
"Yanni is here." 
"Thank God."
"Yanni is here." 
"Where?"
"Yanni is hiding something even worse." 
"What do you mean?" "He's having an affair with Skura."
"Yanni is just a baby." 
"Yes, but he's growing up a little every day."
"Yanni is out of jail." 
"God be with us."
"Yanni is out of jail." 
"God help us."
"Yanni is staring at the food." 
"He's probably hungry."
"Yanni is very handsome, isn't he?" "You should turn your gaydar on, Skura."
"Yanni left his building to Skura." 
"You mean the whole building?" "Yes." 
"He must be crazy."
"Yanni needs money." 
"He isn't getting any."
"Yanni never brushes his teeth." 
"Disgusting."
"Yanni said he didn't see his reflection in the mirror last night." 
"Told you he's a vampire."
"Yanni said he killed a black bear with his bare hands." 
"This is Yanni when he starts talking through his ass."
"Yanni said yes." 
"Yanni is too generous to say no."
"Yanni sang Skura a song in an unfamiliar language." 
"It was Berber." 
"Pardon me?" "The language Yanni sang in was Berber."
"Yanni says that he has no idea why he shot Skura." 
"This is baffling."
"Yanni shot Skura." 
"Yes, I know. It was an accident."
"Yanni shot himself." 
"Look, son, I've heard all sorts of nonsense, but just don't expect me to believe that a guy can shoot himself twice in the face."
"Yanni shot himself." 
"Really? And can he shot himself twice in the back?"
"Yanni threw food at me." 
"Kids will be kids."
"Yanni threw food at me." 
"You know boys will be boys."
"Yanni wants to apologize face to face." 
"You mean he wants another fight."
"Yanni wants to apologize." 
"Tell him I accept his apologies." 
"He wants to apologize face to face." 
"I'm not ready for another fight."
"Yanni wants to be a dancer." 
"Yanni? That guy has two left feet and can never be a dancer."
"Yanni wants to eat couscous." 
"Couscous? What's that?"
"Yanni wants to sell his house at four million dinars." 
"You should grab this offer right now."
"Yanni was a generous guy." 
"Yes. That was the Yanni I knew."
"Yanni was a mercenary." 
"Pardon me?" "He was a killer."
"Yanni was found dead on a gay beach." 
"Yanni is not a homosexual."
"Yanni was muttering something in a strange language I've never heard before." 
"It was probably Berber." 
"Pardon me?" "I said it was probably Berber. Yanni was born in Kabylie, Algeria."
"Yanni was right." 
"Yanni is always right." 
"Whatever."
"Yanni was seen on a gay beach." 
"Yanni is not a homosexual."
"Yanni was shouting in a language I did not understand." 
"Berber." 
"Pardon me?" "He was shouting in Berber."
"Yanni was speaking another language to his son." 
"Yes. It was Berber."
"Yanni was throwing food at me." 
"Maybe he likes you."
"Yanni was wearing a skirt." 
"It's a kilt."
"Yanni went to a gay beach." 
"Yanni is not gay."
"Yanni won." 
"No shit!"
"Yanni would collect large insects like dragonflies and spiders." 
"But spiders aren't insects." 
"Whatever."
"Yanni!" "Oh, my God! It's dad!"
"Yanni's language was like anything I have ever heard." 
"It' was Berber." 
"Come again?" "I said it was Berber. Yanni speaks Berber."
"Yanni's windshield is in a terrible state." 
"What do you mean?" "Can't you see? It's all scratched up."
"Yanni." 
"Excuse me, do I know you?"
"Yanni." 
"Not now, honey."
"Yanni." 
"What now?"
"Yanni." 
"What?" "I hate you and I'm not saying these words lightly."
"Yanni." 
"What?" "The windshield." 
"What's wrong with it?" "You've a chip in the windshield." 
"No shit!"
"Yanni." 
"Yes, Skura." 
"Dad died this morning."
"Yanni." 
"Yes, Skura." 
"If you ever leave me again, I'll kill you."
"Yanni." 
"Yes, Skura." 
"If you ever leave me, I'll kill you."
"Yanni." 
"Yes, Skura." 
"If you ever talk to that slut again, I'll kill you."
"Yanni." 
"Yes." 
"Your dad passed away last night." 
"My God..." 
"Sorry, son."
"Yanni?" "That's me."
"Yay, yay, we're going to the zoo!" Tom shouted as he jumped with joy.
"Ye know mad Scylla, and her monsters' yell, / and the dark caverns where the Cyclops dwell."
"Ye powers inviolate, ever-burning lights! / Ye ruthless swords and altars, which I fled, / Ye sacred fillets, that adorned my head!"
"Ye seek Italia and, with favouring wind, / shall reach Italia, and her ports attain."
"Ye still can see a Xanthus and a Troy, / reared by your hands, old Ilion to restore, / and brighter auspices than ours enjoy, / nor tempt, like ours, the Greeks to ravage and destroy."
"Ye too, my servants, hearken my commands. / Outside the city is a mound, where, dear / to Ceres once, but now deserted, stands / a temple, and an aged cypress near, / for ages hallowed with religious fear."
"Yea, alive, indeed, / alive through all extremities of woe. / Doubt not, thou see'st the truth, no shape of empty show."
"Yea..." Dima continued, talking mostly to himself. "It's as if the author of my story got into some stupid argument, retired to Fiji, and just left me here to rot."
"Yea..." Dima continued, talking mostly to himself. "It’s as if the author of my story got into some stupid argument, retired to Fiji, and just left me here to rot."
"Yeah yeah, here I come," shouted Tom through the flat in the direction of his ringing telephone.
"Yeah, everything was better in the past!" "No, not everything, but this was."
"Yeah, shut up. My dad owns Microsoft. I can easily get your account banned." 
"Wait, so your dad is Bill Gates?" "Who's Bill Gates?"
"Yeppers! You heard me right the first time!"
"Yes!" he whispered in my ear with his charming voice.
"Yes!" said the little princess with a trembling voice.
"Yes, I am Brazilian. No, I don't like carnival."
"Yes, I can do it," answered the boy.
"Yes, I can do that," Tom replied confidently.
"Yes, I can help you with that," Tom replied without hesitation.
"Yes, I did it." Tom admitted candidly.
"Yes, I did," he said.
"Yes, I was listening," replied Jordan.
"Yes, I was," said the student.
"Yes, I will," said the little princess in a trembling voice, as she thought of the prince.
"Yes, I'm cheating on you." 
"And who is he?"
"Yes, I'm cheating on you." 
"What's his name?"
"Yes, I'm rich, but I'm exhausted." 
"Everyone is exhausted."
"Yes, all right," says Mrs. Lee.
"Yes, it is a bit like old times," agreed Tom.
"Yes, orange juice please," Mike said.
"Yes, orange juice please," says Mike.
"Yes, sir," said Tony.
"Yes, that's me," said Al-Sayib. "But there's at least one of us in every country. And we all like Fanta, as well as putting noobs in their place."
"Yes, that’s me," said Al-Sayib. "But there’s at least one of us in every country. And we all like Fanta, as well as putting noobs in their place."
"Yes, the bisque-doll-like Erika" "Th-that expression is a little embarrassing, could you stop using it?"
"Yes, we have met before," said Mr Jordan.
"Yes, you are the dearest one to me," said the prince, "for you have the best heart of them all, and you are fondest of me."
"Yes, you're beautiful. Why do you think everyone always tells you you are?" "I thought they were just being nice to me." 
"Most people aren't that nice. A lot of people are even huge assholes."
"Yes," Dima replied, brushing off a piece of half-eaten fish that had gotten stuck to his right sleeve. "I'd like to buy that one there."
"Yes," Dima replied, brushing off a piece of half-eaten fish that had gotten stuck to his right sleeve. "I’d like to buy that one there."
"Yes," agreed Tom, in a low voice, "that's very true."
"Yes," he admitted.
"Yes," he said, "you're right."
"Yes," replied Mary decisively.
"Yes," said Mary, crossing her fingers behind her back.
"Yes," she said, "you are right."
"Yes," she said, "you're right."
"Yes. I understand," says Mrs. Lee.
"Yes." And Jude told him the names and addresses of the cottagers who were willing to test the virtues of the world-renowned pills and salve. The quack mentally registered these with great care.
"Yes? How can I help?" "Well, the thing is, I've lost my right-hand glove, and I wondered if it had been handed in here to lost property."
"Yesterday I had a dream about you, Tom." 
"Really? What was I doing?"
"Yesterday I kissed Tom." 
"Were you drunk?"
"Yesterday's dinner was excellent!" "I don't even remember!"
"Yet there he built Patavium, yea, and named / the nation, and the Trojan arms laid down, / and now rests happy in the town he framed."
"Yet," Jacquette said, toying with the lace of his sleeve, "it does behove you also to save the King, since, if these conspirators are backed by the power and wealth of Spain, there is a chance they may succeed."
"Yippee! We're going on an adventure!" shouted little Timothy.
"Yoko still lives in the Dakota, supposedly." 
"Really?" "Yeah, well, that's what the tour guides say when they are in front of the building!"
"You OK?" "Wha-... Yes, it's nothing."
"You OK?" "Wha-... Yes, it’s nothing."
"You again?" "Please wait, don't close the door."
"You again?" "What?"
"You again?" "Yeah, it's me again."
"You always lie!" "You're smart." 
"Okay, you sometimes lie."
"You amaze me, Holmes," said I. "Surely you are not as sure as you pretend to be of all those particulars which you gave."
"You appear to be astonished," he said, smiling at my expression of surprise.
"You are Israel's teacher," said Jesus.
"You are Israel’s teacher," said Jesus.
"You are a thief of the public's money!" exploded one of the city councilors upon hearing the mayor's speech.
"You are afraid of something?" I asked.
"You are almost out of time", said the teacher.
"You are alone, you know, and we are seven." 
"Like the seven sins," said Pinocchio, still laughing.
"You are as beautiful now as thirty years ago." 
"I told you you needed new glasses."
"You are getting on splendidly in school, Anne. All the children like you," said Gilbert, sitting down on the stone step.
"You are joking." 
"I was never more serious in my life."
"You are my prisoner." 
"What'd you mean?" "I shall keep you in my prison." 
"What the hell? You fucking pink piece of shit! I'm going to attack you, I'm going to shit on your face!" "Silence! I own your face. Sister, keep the fool in chains!" "...I'm going to be sick."
"You are not Roman, are you? Where do you live?" "I live in France. Why?"
"You are not frightened of the sea, I suppose?" he said, as they stood on the proud ship which was to carry them to the country of the neighbouring king.
"You are our little man," said she, "You have come over this long road, and brought us our good horse and our little wagon."
"You are so beautiful, so good and so honest, that I should give you a present." (because she was a fairy who took the form of a poor village woman, to see how great that young girl's kindness would be).
"You are sure that there is no wound?" he asked, pointing to numerous gouts and splashes of blood which lay all round. "Positive!" cried both detectives.
"You are the person," said the King, "and you have passed sentence on yourself; and even so it shall be done to you."
"You are tired," said he, "and the horses are tired. See! We ought to stop and rest."
"You are twenty-one already, and still you are enjoying reversed clips!" "I just..." 
"Styopa, I didn't mean you!"
"You aren't Mr. Lima." 
"No, I'm his son."
"You aren't buying anything?" "Yeah, I've already eaten."
"You aren't drinking wine?" "No, I am driving, so I am drinking apple juice."
"You aren't going to make a fuss about it, are you?" "Sure I am."
"You aren't going to tell Tom, are you?" "And why not?"
"You arouse my curiosity," said I.
"You asked for my opinion." 
"No, I didn't!"
"You ass! Did you eat Luigi?!" "Yes, I ate Luigi. He tasted like spaghetti!" "No..."
"You believe me, right?" "Of course, Ziri."
"You betrayed me." 
"You betrayed yourself."
"You broke my heart", said Mary.
"You brute, George!" she screamed. "You've hurt that nice young man."
"You call that a knife? This is a knife." 
"That's not a knife. That's a spoon." 
"All right, you win."
"You can be Romeo." 
"I'm flattered."
"You can begin to be a gentleman when you are a little boy. And gentlemen NEVER snatch things from ladies . . . or forget to say thank you . . . or pull anybody's hair." 
"They don't have much fun, that's a fact," said Davy frankly. "I guess I'll wait till I'm grown up to be one."
"You can cut off all the flowers, but you can't prevent spring from coming," said the great poet Pablo Neruda.
"You can get it at the Metropolitan Government Office," the clerk added.
"You can get it at the courthouse," the clerk added.
"You can have my juice." 
"No, thanks."
"You can have whatever you want." 
"What about that?" "No, that's too expensive."
"You can just leave it like that." 
"No, I want it to be tidy."
"You can know anything instantly ... if you Google it." 
"Google?"
"You can rewrite DNA on the fly, and you're using it to turn people into dinosaurs? But with tech like that, you could cure cancer!" "But I don't want to cure cancer. I want to turn people into dinosaurs."
"You can sleep in the bed. I'll sleep on the floor." 
"Don't be daft! You'll catch a cold!"
"You can take him to the mortuary now," he said. "There is nothing more to be learned."
"You can take me, but don't take Tom," said the woman, who was Tom's mother.
"You can take my word that she is innocent." 
"Then you are guilty." 
"No, I am not."
"You can't answer my question with a question." 
"Why not?"
"You can't be serious." 
"Oh, but I am."
"You can't behave uncivilly towards people you disagree with." 
"That depends entirely on what I disagree with them about. For example, if they believe it's OK to shoot up gay clubs, I have a moral obligation to behave uncivilly towards them at minimum."
"You can't boss me around like that." 
"I can, and I will."
"You can't change what happened to you." 
"I know; that's why it hurts so much."
"You can't change your name to Tom; that's my name." 
"I didn't realize it was a registered trademark."
"You can't come to the party dressed like that!" "Why not?"
"You can't do that." 
"I just did."
"You can't do that." 
"Really? Watch me."
"You can't do this." 
"Really? Watch me."
"You can't donate a brain and live." 
"Tell that to my friend who joined a cult."
"You can't fire me, because I quit!" "Oh thank God; we were worried we were going to have to pay unemployment benefits."
"You can't get a minute's sleep with all this noise! What's going on down there?" "You might better ask what's going down their necks. Tom and John have just cracked open their fourth bottle of red wine."
"You can't go out now." 
"Why not?"
"You can't have fun all the time." 
"Why not?"
"You can't often see it in weather like this," he said. "The time I've noticed it is when the sun is going down in a blaze of flame, and it looks like—I don't know what."
"You can't seriously believe I stole the money!" "Well, if the shoe fits, wear it."
"You can't sleep a wink with this racket. What are they doing?" "What are they drinking, more like – Tom and John have just cracked open their fourth bottle of red wine."
"You can't stir your pot with your broom. That's not sanitary!" said the young witch.
"You can't take this." 
"This warrant says I can."
"You can't wear that." 
"Why not?"
"You certainly remind me very much of an old friend, sir," he said, "but I can see now that you are not he."
"You come at a crisis, Watson," said he. "If this paper remains blue, all is well. If it turns red, it means a man's life." He dipped it into the test-tube and it flushed at once into a dull, dirty crimson.
"You complete me." 
"No I don't. You're complete without me."
"You could always tell him the truth." 
"It's too late for that."
"You couldn't possibly believe that, Tom." 
"I do."
"You did not write this?" I said, pulling the letter from my pocket.
"You did not write this?" I said, pulling the letter from my pocket. "There is no sick Englishwoman in the hotel?" "Certainly not!" he cried.
"You did that on purpose." 
"I did not!"
"You didn't do the dishes?" "You didn't ask me. "
"You didn't even give him a chance to explain." 
"What's to explain?"
"You didn't say the magic word." 
"What magic word?"
"You didn't see this." 
"You didn't see this, too."
"You disgust me, Yanni. I want you out of my house." 
"Fine! I want my car back and I'm packing up immediately."
"You dislike Tom, don't you?" "It's not that I dislike like him, it's just that I kind of have trouble dealing with people like him."
"You do know I didn't vote for it, don't you?" "That's irrelevant."
"You do know that drinking can give you an abortion?" "Son, men don't have abortions."
"You do me too much honour," said Holmes, gravely.
"You do well to hear others' opinions, who value your time. But how is your father?" "Well, thanks be to God."
"You don't beat around the bush!" "Never! It's faster to get straight to the point."
"You don't even speak Berber." 
"I speak Berber."
"You don't get on well with your father?" "..." 
"Sorry, that was none of my business."
"You don't happen to know the way out of this maze, do you?" "I do. I can show you."
"You don't have PTSD unless you were in a warzone." 
"Medically and empirically speaking, that statement is false."
"You don't have a girlfriend?" "No." 
"What about a boyfriend?"
"You don't have any croissants left?" "All sold out."
"You don't have any more croissants?" "All sold out."
"You don't have to queue for my car," he offers.
"You don't know Sherlock Holmes yet," he said; "perhaps you would not care for him as a constant companion."
"You don't know how to smoke?" "Of course I know how to smoke!"
"You don't know that." 
"Yes, I do."
"You don't know?" "Don't know what?"
"You don't like alcohol?" "No, I like drinking, I just have terrible tolerance."
"You don't like him." 
"Because I know him." 
"He's a human being, and he deserves compassion regardless of what he's done."
"You don't look Canadian." 
"What?! What does a Canadian look like?!"
"You don't look like each other." 
"That's because we're fraternal twins."
"You don't love me anymore?" "I do!"
"You don't love me anymore?" "Of course I do!"
"You don't love me anymore?" "Yes, I still do!"
"You don't mean to say," I cried, in amazement, "that that tottering, feeble old woman was able to get out of the cab while it was in motion, without either you or the driver seeing her?"
"You don't mind if I call you Lisa, do you?" asked Marcus.
"You don't mind, do you?" "Of course I don't."
"You don't need legs to sit." 
"Learn some anatomy."
"You don't really love me at all. You only care about your math stuff!" "Not at all, I do love you!" "Prove it!" "Okay. Let A be the set of the objects I love..."
"You don't say, where's he come from?" "London."
"You don't understand anything!" "I don't even pretend to."
"You don't work anymore?" - "No, I'm retired".
"You don't," she said, "need to be afraid."
"You don’t get on well with your father?" "..." 
"Sorry, that was none of my business."
"You don’t have any more croissants?" "All sold out."
"You don’t have to queue for my car," he offers.
"You don’t look like each other." 
"That’s because we’re fraternal twins."
"You drive me crazy, baby." 
"I know."
"You dummy!" "And you are?"
"You eat fufu every day?" "I eat it almost every day."
"You ever wish you could just belong?" "But you do belong." 
"You misunderstand. Be long."
"You farted?" "I'm sorry! I'm nervous!"
"You get yourself home, little 'un," Mary urged Tom, "and get yourself some sleep! You're fit to drop, aren't you!"
"You give me good advice." 
"As you would give me."
"You going to Tom's party?" "I don't know yet."
"You got a smoke?" "Yeah, but I don't have a lighter."
"You guys see that cat sitting at the CEO's desk?" "Yeah, that's our new CEO." 
"Oh, of course! I should've known."
"You had best tell me all about it now," I said.
"You had better give me the chicken." 
"Why, what—when—how?" stammered the landlady. "The chicken is worth thousands of your pea." 
"I don't care for that; it has got my pea inside it, and the only way I can get my pea is to have that which holds the pea."
"You had better not wear the red dress." 
"Why not?"
"You hate me, don't you?" "No, I don't." 
"Well, you love me, don't you?" "Why do you ask?"
"You have a good memory?" said he. "Pretty fair," I answered, modestly.
"You have a great sense of humor." 
"Thank you."
"You have a great sense of style." 
"You too."
"You have a minute?" "Yes, why?"
"You have a very handsome stick," I answered. "By the inscription I observed that you had not had it more than a year. But you have taken some pains to bore the head of it and pour melted lead into the hole so as to make it a formidable weapon. I argued that you would not take such precautions unless you had some danger to fear."
"You have an extraordinary genius for minutiae," I remarked.
"You have beautiful hair." 
"Thank you." 
"Can I have your phone?" "No. I'm sorry. I'm married and my husband and kids are waiting for me over there."
"You have beautiful hair." 
"Thank you." 
"Can I have your phone?" "No. I'm sorry. I'm married and my husband is sitting over there."
"You have beautiful hands." 
"And you're adorable."
"You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive." 
"How on earth did you know that?" I asked in astonishment.
"You have been up to the scene of the crime, I understand," said the Colonel. "Yes; the Inspector and I have made quite a little reconnaissance together."
"You have boxed a good deal in your youth." 
"Right again. How did you know it? Is my nose knocked a little out of the straight?"
"You have done me a great service by recovering my horse. You would do me a greater still if you could lay your hands on the murderer of John Straker." 
"I have done so," said Holmes quietly.
"You have expensive taste!" the shopkeeper exclaimed. "Are you sure you don't want to look through our cheaper variants first?"
"You have expensive taste!" the shopkeeper exclaimed. "Are you sure you don’t want to look through our cheaper variants first?"
"You have friends, don't you?" "Sure."
"You have got him! Where is he, then?" "He is here." 
"Here! Where?" "In my company at the present moment."
"You have never felt the sort of misery I felt," said Will; "the misery of knowing that you must despise me."
"You have no idea what sort of problems my ears cause me as an elf girl," complained Maria, the forest elf.
"You have pressure, I have pressure, why do you want to provoke me?"
"You have probably never heard of Professor Moriarty?" said he. "Never."
"You have the attention span of a chicken." 
"Chickens are delicious." 
"My point exactly."
"You have the attention span of a chicken." 
"Chickens are tasty." 
"My point exactly."
"You have three wishes." 
"I wish for unlimited wishes."
"You have to admire Hitler, at least." 
"No you don't. You don't ever have to admire Hitler. The whole world fought a war so we wouldn't have to admire him."
"You have to do my hair tomorrow." 
"I'm booked."
"You have to give him another chance." 
"Why?" "Because he's your dad."
"You have to go..." continued Anna Sergeevna while whispering. "Do you hear me, Dmitri Dmitrich?"
"You have to learn to say 'No'." — "No, that I don't have to learn."
"You have to pay to get in." 
"I thought it was free." 
"Sorry."
"You have to take all this medicine to get better," said the nurse.
"You have to understand that if the virus is there, and the population has no immunity yet to this virus — there are no vaccines and no therapy so far — that a high percentage of experts say 60 to 70% of the population will be infected as long as this situation continues," Merkel said at a news conference in Berlin.
"You have weapons of mass destruction." 
"You have them, too."
"You haven't even given him a chance to explain." 
"Explain what?"
"You hear voices in your head?" "Yes, demonic voices."
"You hit me out of hate." 
"No, I hit you out of love," answered the girl.
"You in there?" "Yeah. Why?" "Hurry up. I wanna take a dump."
"You in there?" "Yeah. Why?" "Hurry up. I wanna take a leak."
"You in there?" "Yeah. Why?" "Hurry up. Your daughter wants to take a dump."
"You in there?" "Yeah. Why?" "Hurry up. Your son wants to take a dump."
"You in there?" "Yeah." 
"Then hurry up. I wanna take a dump."
"You in there?" "Yeah." 
"Then hurry up. I wanna take a leak."
"You invited Tom to the amusement park, didn't you? What did he say?" "That he can't because he's busy. He's no fun."
"You just shot me!" "Oh, my God! I'm sorry, sweetheart!" "Call an ambulance."
"You killed me!" "Good."
"You killed me." 
"What? You were gonna kill me." 
"Yeah, you're right, I was." 
"Well then I did the right thing."
"You killed my God." 
"Wasn't much of a god, then, was he?"
"You kissed me without my permission." 
"It was just a kiss on the cheek."
"You knew him at that time?" said I. "Yes, I knew him well. In fact, he was an old suitor of mine."
"You know Tom, don't you?" "I can't say that I do."
"You know a kid called Megumi Noda, right?" "Noda?" "Makes weird sounds like 'Hagya', 'Fugi'."
"You know a kid called Megumi Noda, right?" "Noda?" "Makes weird sounds like ’Hagya’, ’Fugi’"
"You know how I was telling you about the language lover and the computer scientist who were working on a project?" "Yeah." 
"I'm the language lover."
"You know how I was telling you about the language lover and the computer scientist who were working on a project?" "Yes." 
"I'm the language lover."
"You know if you give Anna an inch, she'll take a mile, don't you?" "Should I abandon her in her hour of need?"
"You know that in all tombs there is always a false door?" Renisenb stared. "Yes, of course." 
"Well, people are like that too. They create a false door - to deceive."
"You know what I look like," Matthew giggled.
"You know what I mean." 
"Actually, Tom, I don't."
"You know what, Ganon? Have my body for now. I'm going to fix whatever you've done once I'm back." 
"What makes you think they want you back?" "What do you mean..?" "Just now, you framed your friend for your own mistakes." 
"I... I didn't think about it that way." 
"You never do..."
"You know where Botswana is?" "Of course I do. I just don't tell you now."
"You know why I didn't know I was so good?" "I don't..." 
"Obviously, because I'm not." 
"Well..."
"You know, I suppose, that they raise pa'sons there like radishes in a bed? And though it do take—how many years, Bob?—five years to turn a lirruping hobble-de-hoy chap into a solemn preaching man with no corrupt passions, they'll do it, if it can be done, and polish un off like the workmen they be, and turn un out wi' a long face, and a long black coat and waistcoat, and a religious collar and hat, same as they used to wear in the Scriptures, so that his own mother wouldn't know un sometimes."
"You know, Skura?" "Yes?" "You're really special."
"You know, you were right about Tom. He proved to be every bit as unreliable as you said he was." 
"I rest my case."
"You liar!" she spurted out. "You wretched liar!"
"You like Nick, don't you?" "No way." 
"Come on, be honest."
"You like thin men, don't you?" -- "I like you the way you are."
"You listen to me then while I recite the lesson, and I will listen to you afterwards." 
"Go on, recite it."
"You live in a pink state!" "What do you mean?"
"You look a little bewildered," said he.
"You look a lot like Tom." 
"I get that a lot."
"You look as though you've had a long night." 
"I have an' all."
"You look beautiful today." 
"Thank you."
"You look fantastic." 
"Thank you."
"You look fantastic." 
"Thanks."
"You look great for... forty?" "Thank you. Actually, I'm fifty-four."
"You look incredible," Tom muttered.
"You look like a huge gorilla in this big black coat." 
"Very funny, Sami."
"You look like a scruffy punk." 
"I'll take that as a compliment." 
"Your choice."
"You look like a tourist." 
"But I am a tourist!"
"You look like shit." 
"I know." 
"Go take a shower."
"You look lovely." 
"You too."
"You look pale. Are you sick?" "Not exactly."
"You look really tired." 
"I'm not tired."
"You look really tired." 
"No, Mum, I'm fine."
"You look ridiculous with those oversized baby clothes on." 
"Bite me!"
"You look sad." 
"Actually, I'm quite happy."
"You look scruffy." 
"I'll take that as a compliment." 
"Your choice."
"You look terrific. Did you lose weight?" "I wish."
"You look tired, Mary." 
"Yes, I'd been looking forward to today so much that I couldn't sleep, but I'm all right."
"You look very tired." 
"No, mom, I'm fine."
"You look wonderful." 
"So do you."
"You loved me once," she answered sadly.
"You make a lot of typos, don't you?" "Yeah. My keyboard can't keep up with the speed I press the buttons at."
"You make more money than I do." 
"That's because you don't have a job, Tom!"
"You make the toast." 
"OK. To our love."
"You mean everything to me. I'm deeply in love with you." 
"I've fallen madly in love with you too. You're my world."
"You mean the Garden of Death," she whispered.
"You meant to do that." 
"No I didn't!"
"You might come to our garden party on Wednesday fortnight." 
"Quite impossible," Arthur Berkeley answered.
"You missed." 
"I've got to be more careful! I've not done this in years." 
"Give me control. I can aim." 
"Okay, but don't—woah!" "Power... finally!"
"You must be Layla." 
"How did you guess?"
"You must be tired after a long day." 
"No, not in the least."
"You must come again," she said politely.
"You must excuse me, Anne. I've got a habit of being outspoken and folks mustn't mind it." 
"But they can't help minding it. And I don't think it's any help that it's your habit. What would you think of a person who went about sticking pins and needles into people and saying, 'Excuse me, you mustn't mind it . . . it's just a habit I've got.'"
"You must not be thinking about that," said the grandmother; "we are much better off and happier than human beings."
"You must not fear," said he soothingly, bending forward and patting her forearm.
"You must not like sashimi, right?" "What do you mean? I love sashimi!"
"You must think life is one big sitcom. Mary, it's not. People are real and so are their feelings," said Tom.
"You mustn't be late, OK?" "But if the teacher's late too it doesn't count, right?"
"You mustn't go out now." 
"Why not?"
"You mustn't sell Green Gables," said Anne resolutely.
"You mustn’t be late, OK?" "But if the teacher’s late too it doesn’t count, right?"
"You mustn’t go out now." 
"Why not?"
"You need a man!" said Mary. "Which one should I choose from the queue out there?" laughed Anna, believing that, even if she wanted one, there were none available. They weren't queuing up at any rate.
"You need some good food and exercising." 
"Who do you think you are, my mother or something?"
"You need to learn to say no." 
"No, I don't have to."
"You need to pay a fee." 
"What kind of fee?"
"You need to play a little dirty." 
"Dirty is my middle name."
"You need to start reading this?" "What's this?" "The Quran."
"You never know whether you will get out alive," he said.
"You never know, she might tell him the truth." 
"Yeah, fat chance!"
"You never said you loved me, why?" "I'm saying it now, Rima... I love you!"
"You never told me about her." 
"I meant to."
"You never told me that!" "Yes, I did!"
"You never used to say that." 
"I picked it up from my partner."
"You owe me money." 
"No, I don't."
"You pig! Fucking traitor!" yells Tom.
"You practically threw yourself at him." 
"I did not!"
"You prick! Have you lost your mind?!" "Probably. That miserable little twerp—" "So what? You lost your lair? Stop whining and make a greater lair next time." 
"There probably won't be a next time..." 
"Bring the castle back, or else!"
"You probably wouldn't like going camping with me." 
"You're wrong. In fact, I think I'd like that very much."
"You really are good." 
"Thank you."
"You really have an Algerian girlfriend?" "Yes."
"You really speak excellent German!" "It's very kind of you to say that, but considering I've been learning it for nigh on ten years, I really don't speak it well enough."
"You really stand out in this crowd with your brown hair..." 
"Yeah, don't I?"
"You remember the hat beside the dead man?" "Yes," said Holmes; "by John Underwood and Sons, 129, Camberwell Road."
"You ruined my snowman!" Mary said to Tom.
"You said Bubamara?" "Yes." 
"I think I've heard this word before, but I don't remember where."
"You said blue was your favorite color." 
"No, I didn't. I hate blue."
"You said it wrong." 
"How do I say it then?"
"You said so yourself." 
"Never mind what I said."
"You said that Tom is taking the secondary school entrance exam? Where is he going for preparatory school?" "He's going to one in the city." 
"How is he getting there? Are you taking him to and from?" "No. He always gets there by himself."
"You saved my life?" "Yes, my dear." 
"Bless you!"
"You see that other flag?" "Yes." 
"It's the Algerian flag."
"You see," he explained, "I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose. A fool takes in all the lumber of every sort that he comes across, so that the knowledge which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with a lot of other things, so that he has a difficulty in laying his hands upon it. Now the skilful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his brain attic. He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect order. It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and can distend to any extent. Depend upon it there comes a time when for every addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before. It is of the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out the useful ones."
"You see," said the elder brother, "I was right. Here I have lived quietly and well, while you, though you may have been a king, have seen a great deal of trouble."
"You seem kind of worn down lately, is everything all right?" "Oh, it's my daughter. She's all grown up now, so I'm worried about all sorts of things."
"You shall not touch him here," said Bucklaw; "he once gave me my life."
"You should apologize to her." 
"Definitely not!"
"You should be Muslim." 
"I don't want to be Muslim."
"You should have let me know sooner." 
"How could we have done that when you don't answer your telephone? Unfortunately we don't have another way of contacting you."
"You should have said so." 
"I did say so."
"You should know I always get what I want." 
"Well, not with me."
"You should stop contributing sentences in English because you're not of the noble English-speaking race." 
"And what's the English-speaking race, if I may ask?"
"You should stop thinking you can do whatever you want just because you're cute." 
"I think somebody's jealous!"
"You should stop." 
"I don't want to stop."
"You should write a novel or something." 
"Nah, I don't think so. I can't see myself coming up with anything good, anyways."
"You should've told me before." 
"How were we supposed to do that when you don't answer your phone? We haven't got any other way of getting in touch with you, more's the pity."
"You shouldn't be writing in English because you're not of the noble English-speaking race." 
"Fuck your noble race."
"You shouldn't do it like this." 
"Who's the doctor here?" "All right."
"You shouldn't do that." 
"I have to do this."
"You shouldn't get married." 
"It's too late. We got married in Vegas last week."
"You shouldn't get married." 
"It's too late. We're already married."
"You shouldn't take it like this." 
"How else should I take it?"
"You slept with her!" "I did not."
"You slept with my sister." 
"Yeah, and tonight I'm gonna double with your mom."
"You smell great." 
"Thanks."
"You smoke weed?" "It's for my PTSD."
"You speak Berber, don't you?" "Yes, I do."
"You speak Berber?" "Yes." 
"What a miracle!"
"You speak English really well." 
"Of course. I studied philology in college." 
"Philology? What's that? Don't you mean languology?"
"You speak French well." 
"I'm not as fluent as you are."
"You speak French?" "A little."
"You speak Spanish at home, and English at school, right?" "Right." 
"What about when you play basketball with your friends? Do you speak English or Spanish?" "English. My friends understand Spanish a bit, but all they know how to say is swear words."
"You speak such good German!" "Oh, no, not at all. I still have a lot to learn."
"You spend all your time on that computer. You never go for a walk. You just drink coffee. What is the computer saying?" "Cheers!"
"You still love Ziri." 
"I told you that everything is over between him and me." 
"You still love him." 
"I'm not listening."
"You still need to shave." 
"Shave? I shaved this morning." 
"Well, you look unshaven now."
"You stole it!" "No, I didn't!"
"You talk too much," he said.
"You tell jokes like Tom." 
"What's that supposed to mean?" "They're just not funny."
"You think a man must be well-to-do if he smokes a seven-shilling pipe," said I.
"You turned off the engine." 
"I'll wait."
"You used to be a good writer." 
"No I didn't."
"You used to like apples." 
"I used to, but not any more."
"You used to live in Algeria?" "Yes. I was born there."
"You want to go see Roger Waters next month?" "I dunno; how much is he paying us?"
"You want to take this outside?" "Yeah, right. You'd be too out of breath from walking out the door to fight me."
"You want to travel to so many countries, how do you plan to communicate with other people?" "That is not a problem. I can speak Esperanto."
"You were a hippie, weren't you?" "Yeah, I was a freak."
"You were dating that whore?" "She's not a whore. Please, Layla, let me explain." 
"There is nothing to explain. I'm leaving!"
"You were fumbling about until late last night, weren't you? What time did you go to bed?" "Five o'clock. It's because I was playing mahjong the day before. I went to sleep at dawn and got up at 5 in the evening. I couldn't sleep during the night." 
"I see. So going to sleep with the rising sun and waking with the setting sun. Something you'd only find a university student doing."
"You were great, Tom." 
"You ain't seen shit yet."
"You were practically drooling over him." 
"I was not."
"You were sleeping a second ago." 
"I only gave you that impression; I was resting with my eyes closed."
"You were so insistent that I make you a cup of coffee, but it's been sitting there untouched for half an hour!" "Oh, I completely forgot. Sorry!"
"You were supposed to wake me at seven!" "Sorry! I forgot."
"You were thinking about Tom." 
"I was not! I was thinking about work."
"You were too controlling." 
"How dare you say that?"
"You were with Donald for how long?" "Four years."
"You were wrong." 
"Yes, but I was almost right."
"You will be haunted," resumed the Ghost, "by Three Spirits."
"You will never guess who I met in the city today!" "Maria?" "What? How do you know that?"
"You will, I am sure, excuse me," I said, rising from my chair.
"You wish to employ me as a consulting detective?" "Not that only. I want your opinion as a judicious man—as a man of the world."
"You with me?" "Yes"
"You with me?" "Yes."
"You won't believe what's happened!" "Go on, then, what's happened?"
"You won't get the door open without the right key." 
"That's where you're wrong!"
"You would never make fun of me for saying that." 
"Yes, I would."
"You wouldn't dare do that." 
"Watch me."
"You!" "What?" "Get out!"
"You'd better come in," the man said.
"You'd better eat something first," she said, "and then we'll go and hunt for water."
"You'd make a good wife." 
"Thank you, but I'm married."
"You'll come with me tonight?" "When you like, where you like!"
"You'll die." 
"All of us will die."
"You'll die." 
"We all will."
"You'll find another girl." 
"I don't care."
"You'll get your clothes dirty." 
"No worries. They weren't very clean in the first place."
"You'll laugh at me." She smiled. "Perhaps."
"You'll need to learn chess first." 
"You're on!"
"You'll never get away with this!" "Oh, but I already have. Any last words?"
"You'll never get past the guards." 
"I'll take my chances."
"You'll never guess who I ran into," said Tom. "Mary!" "But Tom," said John, "Mary's been dead for three years."
"You'll see. The truth will win." 
"It surely will. I just don't know whose truth."
"You'll teach Berber." 
"Berber? I'm really not made for that."
"You're English." 
"That's right, I am."
"You're Mr Miller?" "That's me. Pleased to meet you!" "The pleasure is all yours."
"You're Mr Miller?" "The very same. Pleased to meet you!" "I wish I could say the feeling was mutual."
"You're Mr. Ogawa, aren't you?" "Yes, I am. How can I help you?"
"You're OK without your glasses?" "Ah, these are fake you see, I thought it might make me brainier..."
"You're a beautiful woman." 
"And you're a handsome man."
"You're a doting parent as always, huh?" "What's wrong with being a doting parent?" "Yikes, you got defensive."
"You're a fine piece of ass." 
"I don't speak to creeps like you."
"You're a fool!" he lashed bitterly, "a fool, and a liar, and the kind of trollop who'll run a murderer's errands!"
"You're a good guitarist." 
"I'd like to think I am."
"You're a good man." 
"I don't hear that every day."
"You're a liar." 
"What?" "I don't think there's any other way to put it, sir. You're a liar."
"You're a liar." 
"You take that back!"
"You're a lucky man." 
"I know I am."
"You're a mockery of God's creation." 
"God doesn't exist."
"You're a mother." 
"So are you."
"You're a murderer!" "No, I'm not!"
"You're a terrible mother." 
"You take that back!"
"You're a terrible wife." 
"You take that back immediately!"
"You're a thief!" "Not by choice. Please forgive me, Gabor."
"You're a very attractive woman." 
"And you're a very attractive man."
"You're a very good artist." 
"So is Sami."
"You're a very likeable person." 
"That's right. I'd be happy if I could say the same of you."
"You're a very special friend." 
"You too."
"You're a wazzock!" "Takes one to know one."
"You're a wonderful husband." 
"And you, a wonderful wife."
"You're afraid of nature!" "What?"
"You're alive!" she says. "Thank God."
"You're always asking cops why they didn't stop mass shooters, but now you want them to stop killing unarmed people?" "Yes. I don't get how you can't see the difference between the two cases."
"You're amazing." 
"You too".
"You're an actor." 
"I am? I don't believe you."
"You're an amazing dad." 
"I don't hear that every day."
"You're an artisan," I said with the intent to learn more.
"You're an emotional dalit!" "An emotional what?"
"You're an excellent teacher." 
"And you, an excellent student."
"You're an idiot." 
"I know."
"You're an idiot." 
"No, I'm not."
"You're angry now, aren't you?" "Well, not angry, just disappointed."
"You're another" is a hallowed rejoinder to playground taunts.
"You're beautiful today." 
"You're a charmer."
"You're beautiful." 
"Please say that again."
"You're beautiful." 
"Tell me something I don't know."
"You're being brainwashed by the media!" "What are you talking about?"
"You're blushing!" "No, I'm not."
"You're certainly late, aren't you!" With these words and a reproachful glance at his watch, John welcomed Tom and Mary. "We got stuck in traffic on the way here."
"You're changing the subject." 
"What was the subject?"
"You're cheating on me, aren't you?" "Yes, I'm cheating on you!" "And who is he?"
"You're criticizing the king? But I thought you liked monarchies." 
"Well, you don't have to be against democracy to criticize a president."
"You're cute." 
"No, you're cute." 
"No, you're cute!" "No, you're cute!" "OK, I'm cute."
"You're dating Rima, that worthless pile of garbage." 
"Hey! You take that back!"
"You're doing a better job than I am." 
"I'm focusing."
"You're drunk." 
"No, I'm not."
"You're dumb, you don't just baa", said Ziri.
"You're eating chocolate again. You really like that stuff, don't you?" "Yep, I love it!" "OK, well, which do you like better? Chocolate, or me?" "You know the answer to that. Chocolate, of course."
"You're fired." 
"You know what? You can just go fuck yourself."
"You're friends with Tom, aren't you?" "Yeah." 
"What's he like?"
"You're from Australia, right?" Tom asked Mary. "Do you have any vegemite?" "Of course," Mary responded and, reaching into her purse, pulled out a jar.
"You're from a cow?!" "No, I'm from Macau."
"You're going red, Tom!" "No I'm not!"
"You're going to college from your parents' house, right?" "Yeah." 
"What are you going to do about a job? Are you going to try finding somewhere you could go to from there? Or do you want to start living alone?" "Yeah, I think I want to leave and get my own place."
"You're going to do what?" "I'm going to kill someone." 
"Are you out of your mind?"
"You're going to leave me in this dark forest? Alone?" she asked, surprised.
"You're going to school today." 
"Make me."
"You're going to work again tomorrow, aren't you?" "Ah. Yes." 
"Then I'll pack you some lunch." 
"Thank you."
"You're good at that." 
"It's not the first time I've done it."
"You're good at this." 
"It's not the first time I've done it."
"You're gorgeous." 
"Why do people say that? I'm not."
"You're grounded!" "It doesn't matter. I never go out anywhere. I was born grounded!"
"You're having an affair." 
"It was just a fling."
"You're here to follow my orders." 
"In your dreams, pal!"
"You're here to follow my orders." 
"You wish!"
"You're here to pay your taxes?" "Not quite." 
"Gwonam! I thought you were on vacation!"
"You're hiding something." 
"No, I'm not!"
"You're hiding something." 
"No, I'm not."
"You're in love with that boy!" "No, that's not true!"
"You're interested in this sort of thing?" "No, not really."
"You're jealous." 
"Jealous? Of whom?"
"You're joking." 
"I'm not."
"You're kind of different." 
"Do you mean we're backward?"
"You're late again, Tom!" "I'm sorry. I'm afraid I overslept." 
"Never mind. I'm happy you're here at all."
"You're late again, Tom." 
"Sorry. I slept in." 
"It's fine. At least you came, and I'm happy for that."
"You're late back today." 
"Yeah... I got caught up in a conversation when I met an old friend on the way back and now look at the time!" "I'm hungry." 
"I know, I know. I'll get straight to making it now."
"You're late, aren't you!" This, along with a reproachful glance at his watch, was how John welcomed Tom and Mary. "We got stuck in traffic on the way here."
"You're late." 
"Yeah. I was told I've been doing such a good job, so I couldn't say no, and I ended up working late." 
"You really are a sucker for flattery."
"You're learning pink and yellow... Pink and yellow are your life!" "What do you mean, exactly?"
"You're looking for a new job, aren't you? Why not apply here?" "Because then I wouldn't be able to spend as much time with you!" "Aww! You just don't want to work, do you?" "Yeah, that too."
"You're lucky! Your change comes to exactly 256 yen." 
"What do you mean by exactly?" "It's exactly two to the power of eight."
"You're lying!" "No, I'm not."
"You're lying." 
"No, I'm not."
"You're making this up." 
"No, I'm not."
"You're married." 
"Yes. How do you know?" "You look married. And you're wearing a wedding ring."
"You're much prettier than Skura." 
"Tell me more."
"You're my son's mother-in-law." 
"And you're my daughter's mother in law."
"You're not Britney Spears." 
"But I'm no saint either."
"You're not Father Christmas!" the little boy shouted, ripping off Tom's false beard.
"You're not a communist, are you?" "I am."
"You're not a communist, are you?" "Yes."
"You're not a dude, are you?" "Are you trying to figure out whether you're a sinner?"
"You're not a dude, are you?" "I told you to leave me alone."
"You're not a dude, are you?" "I've got pepper spray."
"You're not a guy, are you?" "I'm trans." 
"Sorry, I'm not into people like you, dude!"
"You're not afraid of me, are you?" "Of course not." 
"How sweet."
"You're not allowed out now." 
"How come?"
"You're not allowed out now." 
"Why not?"
"You're not being chased, are you?" Just as he said that in a quiet voice, the corner house's light went out. The rain became more intense...
"You're not coming in without an invite." 
"I've left it at home." 
"Anyone can say that. Go and fetch it!"
"You're not going to see me again. I hate you." 
"I hate you, too."
"You're not having any of my sweets." 
"Oh, go on! Please!"
"You're not in Mary's mum's good books." 
"She's not in mine, either."
"You're not listening." 
"I'm listening."
"You're not my real sister. You were adopted." 
"That's not true!"
"You're not seeing him again." 
"I love him." 
"I don't care."
"You're nothing like the girls I've dated." 
"What do you mean?" "What do I mean? Just look at you! You're sweet, gorgeous, smart... You're everything a man like me dreams about!"
"You're only 42." 
"Thanks!"
"You're our new guest, are you? I wasn't expecting you so soon." 
"The man with the supply ship, Ole Jansen, ferried me over. He doesn't say much, does he, that Mr Jansen?" "Yes, well, that's what we're like up here, us islanders."
"You're our only hope" said the hologram of the princess.
"You're playing a game? Can I join?" "Sure." 
"Okay, cool."
"You're pretty good at English, aren't you?" "I'd like to think so."
"You're pretty good at this, aren't you?" "That's why the boss hired me."
"You're pretty," he said plainly.
"You're pretty," said the cockatoo.
"You're really beautiful." 
"Did you mean that?" "Of course."
"You're really clumsy!" "Get out of my face. I already know that."
"You're really clumsy, aren't you?" "I don't need you to tell me that! I already know."
"You're really good at that," marvelled Tom, as he watched Hanako preparing sushi with the consummate skill of a master. "Well, I have done it a few times before, Tom," she replied, blushing slightly. "There comes a time when you can just do it."
"You're really handsome." 
"Look, Rima, I'm married with kids and let's keep all this at a respectable level, OK?"
"You're really light," Tom said as he picked Mary up.
"You're really only pretending to sleep, Tom!" "Not so! I'm asleep." 
"A sleeper won't answer."
"You're right, certainly you don't seem to have been into it today." 
"Eh! You can tell that sort of thing?"
"You're ringing me at seven in the morning on a Sunday just to ask how I am? I thought that something had happened!" "It's just I know you're an early riser, and I can never get hold of you in the afternoon or evening."
"You're ruining everything!" "No, I'm not."
"You're ruining my life!" "You're pushing me!"
"You're scared." 
"No, I'm not."
"You're sexist." 
" And I think you're prudish."
"You're so beautiful. What's your name?" "Mind your own business."
"You're so beautiful." 
"Am I?" "Look for yourself."
"You're so beautiful." 
"That's so you and I love that."
"You're so lazy. Why don't you ever exercise or work out?" "What is it to you? My lifestyle is my decision."
"You're so predictable," said John with a grin on his face. “I am extremely surprised that you managed to hide all these years with such habits.”
"You're still eating breakfast at this time of day?" "I slept in this morning and I just got up."
"You're still here?" "Yeah, look at this!"
"You're stupid." 
"I know you are – you said you are – so what am I?"
"You're stupid." 
"I know you are, but what am I?"
"You're such a drama queen, Tom." 
"I prefer the term 'romantic'."
"You're such a jerk!" "Look who's talking!"
"You're such a wuss!" Anna teased Leonid.
"You're such an egoist!" "Me, an egoist?!"
"You're surprisingly diligent for someone of your age." 
"Thank you."
"You're taking me for an idiot!" "Taking you for an idiot? Oh, no! I'd never!"
"You're the best daddy in the whole world." 
"That's my girl."
"You're the kindest person I've ever met." 
"You say that to everyone."
"You're the one behind this." 
"Behind what?" "You know what I'm talking about."
"You're the worst thing in my life." 
"Oh yeah? And you're the worst thing in mine! I hate you!" "And I hate you more!"
"You're trying to distract me, aren't you?" "Not at all."
"You're trying to steal my cash, aren't you?" "Not at all. Honest." 
"Fuck off!"
"You're ugly." 
"Your mom is ugly." 
"Your mom's face is ugly."
"You're under arrest." 
"For what?" "For the murder of Sami Bakir."
"You're unique." 
"We're all unique."
"You're very kind," she forced herself to say, "but I'd rather be alone now."
"You're very special to me, Layla." 
"Lily." 
"Pardon?" "My friends call me Lily."
"You're very welcome," replied the steward.
"You're working?" "No, I'm just studying."
"You've been crying," remarked Josie.
"You've been with him again, you bitch! Come over here! I'll teach you a good lesson tonight!" "No, wait, wait! What are you doing, Yanni? You're hurting me! No! Help! Somebody! Help!"
"You've bought yourself a new flat? Where do you live now, then?" "At the end of the world. It doesn't even have a tube station."
"You've bought yourself a new place? What area do you live in now, then?" "At the end of the world. It doesn't even have metro."
"You've changed a lot. You used to be a lot different, you know." 
"I'm still the same as before. The world is what's changed."
"You've done absolutely nothing to deserve this, but I have a little commemorative token for you." 
"What are we commemorating?" "Our official first date."
"You've fallen asleep. Good. I am now going to leave you all alone in the dark while I go out and get drunk." 
"You are a terrible person." 
"Gosh! You're still awake." 
"I stick my tongue out at you as a gesture of defiance. Now continue with the bloody story. If you omit even the tiniest and most insignificant of details, you will return here tomorrow to find these walls covered in excrement. Do I make myself perfectly clear?" "Shut up and listen."
"You've finished everything, I assume?" "Chance'd be a fine thing."
"You've got a crush on this boy." 
"No, I don't!"
"You've got a crush on this girl." 
"No, I don't!"
"You've got a hole in your trousers." 
"It just looks that way."
"You've got a matta on your shirt." 
"What's a matta?" "I dunno, what's a matta with you?"
"You've got a stain on your trousers. You can't go out like that." 
"Oh, no one'll notice." 
"No one'll notice? I bet they won't!"
"You've got a thing going on with Mary, haven't you! I saw you together yesterday!" "Alice!" Tom replied, laughing. "Mary and I have been friends since we were kids. That's all. It was never more than that." 
"Well that's not how it looked at all!"
"You've got big ears, Tom. Hey, can I rub them?" "Stop it!"
"You've got so much in common." 
"Like what?"
"You've got so much in common." 
"Like what?" "Well, for a start you're both single."
"You've got so much in common." 
"Like what?" "Well, for starters, you're both single."
"You've got to be kidding me." 
"Unfortunately, I'm not. That's what Tom said."
"You've got your wedding ring on the wrong hand." 
"That's because I married the wrong woman."
"You've had two wishes already," the hag said, "but your second wish was for me to return everything to the way it was before you had made your first wish. This is why you remember nothing."
"You've heard of Atlantis, but have you heard about Mu?" "It's another legendary continent."
"You've never done anything for me, and now you expect me to help you?" "Yes."
"You've seriously never eaten a taco?" "Seriously."
"You've spoiled everything, Ned," she said.
"You've sprained your ankle and can't walk can you?" "No, I'm fine! I can move forward at a crawl!"
"You've taken a year of physics already, so this chemistry class should be easy." 
"Are you kidding!? Chemistry is a whole different animal!"
"You've won a waffle iron!" – who doesn't dream of being addressed with these words?
"You've won the first prize." 
"Are you serious?" "They've just called from Algiers." 
"Are you sure?" "Is your name Ziri Nani?" "Sure!" "So please, don't waste my time with stupid questions. Follow me to my office."
"You, Sir, are an imperialist!" "And you, Sir, are a troll."
"You, a rich man?" said the Fox, and he began to laugh out loud. The Cat was laughing also, but tried to hide it by stroking his long whiskers.
"YouTube is going to take your channel down." 
"Fuck my YouTube channel. I'll figure out another way to continue to tell the truth."
"Young people have to respect older people." 
"Well, if they deserve respect. And older people have to respect younger people. And however, we have to respect each other."
"Young women who embrace feminism will be cat ladies their whole lives." 
"As opposed to slaves?"
"Your Japanese is really good. Since when have you been in Japan?" "Since 2015."
"Your Kabyle dress is too tight." 
"I'm not changing it."
"Your Majesty!" "Oh, the gayness!" "YOUR MAJESTY!" "What?" "Mind your mouth!"
"Your Majesty, Ganon and his minions are not in the house!" "Whatcha talkin' 'bout?"
"Your Majesty, Ganon and his minions are throwing a party." 
"Join me, Link, my party is the greatest in Koridai! Or else you will die... of boredom." 
"Great! I can't wait to do the duck walk!" "Can I come too?" "No. It is written: Ganon's party is a sausagefest."
"Your Majesty, Ganon and his minions have released the coronavirus!" "Great, I'll grab my toilet paper." 
"There is no time." 
"How can we help?" "It is written: do NOT touch your face." 
"Hmm... (The King rests his chin on his hand thoughtfully.) ...What?" "You're fucked." 
"Oah! Link, save me!" "I guess I'd better get quarantined," Link says and flies away on a magic carpet.
"Your Majesty, Ganon and his minions have seized the island of Koridai!" "Again? I'm going to see Ganon, and we won't be talking about mercy! Take me to Gamelon." 
"Yes, Your Majesty!"
"Your Majesty, Ganon and his minions have seized the island of Koridai. It is written: only you can defeat Ganon." 
"Great, I'll grab my—wait, what?" "It is written: only His Majesty can defeat Ganon." 
"Hey! What about me?" "No. It is also written: Link can't defeat Ganon."
"Your Majesty, Ganon and his minions have seized your prison!" "Hmm... Fari!" "Yes!" "Imprison Duke Onkled in your house!"
"Your Majesty, I have become invisible!" "Oh! Where did you go?" "Right here!" "Oh shit, don't frighten me like that!" "My apologies, Your Majesty." 
"...Say, that gives me an idea. Go scare the hell out of Morshu. See how he reacts."
"Your Majesty, I have sensed great evil!" "Send Link to aid—" "It isn't Ganon!" "About time it's not him. He was starting to bore me. Who is it then, boy?" "I know not, but... it's already here!"
"Your Majesty, Link is gay for Ganon." 
"Oh, that is so like Link!" "How queer."
"Your Majesty, can you help me with this house you wanted me to blow up? I think it has some magic power repairing it." 
"Magic, you say? Feather-hat guy, I'm going with you."
"Your Majesty, have you seen Namowg lately?" "Not since he ragequit after I shot his ass this morning." 
"Yeah! That old king is the boss!" "Okay. Keep me posted." 
"Sure thing." 
"Bye." 
"Bye."
"Your Majesty, here I come — uh-oh, ah!" "Ow! You shitface! You crashed into me!" "Has your face been harmed? I'm sorry." 
"No shit, Sherlock! Look at my face." 
"Your face looks fine to me." 
"It hurts." 
"Whatever." 
"Fix my face." 
"..." 
"Fix it!" "Whatever."
"Your Majesty, it has been five years. You still owe me sixteen dollars." 
"Sod off."
"Your Majesty, look what I got on E-bay." 
"I don't care." 
"It's an X-Wing." 
"Oh, let me see! Hmm, looks very nice..." 
"No, Your Majesty, you may not enter the X-Wing. Only I can — fuck!"
"Your Majesty, you are evil!" "I'm evil to the people who spend all my money on junk like faulty maps!"
"Your age?" "16."
"Your alcoholic cousin was here." 
"Which one?" "I said the alcoholic." 
"OK, but which one?"
"Your army is impotent against mine!!" he laughed.
"Your brother is much cuter than mine." 
"Whaat?"
"Your cheek's bleeding! What happened?" "Well, my shaver broke! Then I used a razor and ended up nicking myself."
"Your dad is really cool." 
"Not really."
"Your daughter – will she be looking for work this year?" "No. The next year."
"Your dog ate my homework." 
"Definitely not!"
"Your dog died." 
"Ha, yeah, very funny."
"Your ex-wife has come." 
"What the hell does she want this time?"
"Your eyes give away your love for me." 
"It's uncertain what my eyes convey, but my commitment remains to my marriage."
"Your eyes reveal your love for me." 
"You see what you want to see, but my eyes are faithful to my husband."
"Your face is all over the BBC, Dima!" Al-Sayib exclaimed. "They say you slept with 25 men and then killed them! How the heck did you do that?!"
"Your ferret is a thief." 
"That makes sense."
"Your first German class is tomorrow, isn't?" "No, it'll be next Monday."
"Your full name, please." 
"Tom Miller."
"Your girlfriend is going to be so mad at you when she finds out." 
"She'll never find out."
"Your glasses are on the bedside table, Nan." 
"Oh, but I looked there." 
"They were hiding under a magazine."
"Your grandad – he's a one, eh?" "What do you mean?" "Oh, I mean, he's a character. You know, a one-off." 
"Ah. Yeah, he is. They broke the mould when they made him, that's for sure."
"Your housemate scares me." 
"Tom? He's a big teddy bear."
"Your humility, Mr. Bingley," said Elizabeth, "must disarm reproof."
"Your husband needs to rest calmly. I will prescribe you a sedative." 
"And how should I give this medicine to him?" "You shouldn't give it to him. This medicine is for you."
"Your idea is ridiculous." 
"It is?"
"Your idea is worthless." 
"Ah, so suddenly it's 'my' idea!"
"Your idea is worthless." 
"Hah, so now it's suddenly "my" idea!"
"Your language doesn't and shouldn't exist because there is no algorithm to solve this problem." 
"Why don't you take your algorithmic incompetence and shove it up your ass?"
"Your language doesn't exist and shouldn't exist because there is no algorithm to solve this problem." 
"Interesting but my suggestion is that you take your algorithmic incompetence and shove it up the ass your political leader. He's the one who came up with this idea and he's the one who needs this type of pea-brained arguments to justify his half-assed political views."
"Your language doesn't exist." 
"Really? How come?" "I can't program an algorithm to include it in an automated translation app." 
"Go fuck yourself with your algorithmic incompetence. Who gives a fuck about you and whether you know your algorithms or not? Would the existence of a language be determined or denied by a fuckhole like you based on whether you're smart enough to program an algorithm or not? Who gives a fuck about you in the first place? You can take your algorithms and shove them up your ass. And fuck your political leader as well."
"Your language doesn't exist." 
"Really? How come?" "I can't program an algorithm to include it in an automated translation app." 
"Who gives a fuck about whether you're smart enough to program an algorithm or not? If you're not competent enough to do that, then let others do it. Nobody has asked you to poke your fucking nose into problems you don't know shit about."
"Your last name is...?" "Bakir."
"Your life has become a disaster." 
"It has not! It always was one."
"Your life has become a disaster." 
"No it hasn't! It always was one."
"Your lips are so sweet." 
"And you're an amazing kisser."
"Your logic lacks intellect." 
"Shut the fuck up, Tom, you pretentious twat."
"Your lunch reeks of fish." 
"Yeah. That's because it has fish in it. Ya wanna make something of it?"
"Your money or your life".
"Your money or your life?" "Don't pressure me. Let me consider."
"Your mother called." 
"Whose mother called?" "Skura's."
"Your mother is alive." 
"Can she hear me?" "Sure." 
"Can I take her hand?" "Go ahead."
"Your mother is still alive." 
"Can she hear me?" "Sure. Say something to her."
"Your mother keeps well?" I asked. "Oh, yes. I suppose you know that she has married again?"
"Your mother was pregnant then." 
"With me?" "Yes."
"Your mother's dead, isn't she?" said Tuppence gently. Tommy nodded.
"Your mothers could've boycotted your fathers 40-50-60 years ago" said Tom indignantly watching the daily news.
"Your name is very familiar to me, Mr. Holmes," said he, smiling.
"Your name is...?" "Fadil Sadiq."
"Your name?" "Tom Jackson." 
"Tom Jackson's already inside."
"Your nose is dripping." 
"S-sorry."
"Your order?" "Orange juice." 
"With ice?" "Yes." 
"Thanks for your business."
"Your phone is ringing." 
"I'm driving and I can't get my phone out of my pants."
"Your phone is ringing." 
"It's probably just my friend, Skura."
"Your plan worked perfectly." 
"I told you it would."
"Your poetry is beautiful." 
"Do you really think so?"
"Your pride parade is a sin." 
"Your bishop helps priests get away with molesting children."
"Your privacy is very important to us. Therefore, we are eager to explore it thoroughly", said the intelligence officers.
"Your rest is won; no oceans to explore, / no fair Ausonia's ever-fading shore."
"Your roommate is kind of scary." 
"Tom? He wouldn't hurt a fly."
"Your sentence is 95% correct." 
"What's wrong with the remaining 5%?"
"Your sister is dead, then?" "She died just two years ago, and it is of her death that I wish to speak to you."
"Your sister ruined everything." 
"I can't argue with you there."
"Your skin looks nice." 
"Oh? That's the first time anyone has told me that!"
"Your socks are on inside out." 
"Oh well. Never mind."
"Your speech was great." 
"Really? Thanks!"
"Your stepfather is very nice." 
"Yes, my mother chose her second husband well."
"Your sun has failed freshman English. I'm afraid he'll have to attend summer school," Tom's teacher said with a mirthless smile.
"Your taxi is here." 
"I'm coming."
"Your team lost again!" "Never mind. I take it in my stride."
"Your team told me you were ready to retire. Was it to retire from qualifying or from tennis in general?" "No, no, I know it's been a tough season for me, but I'm not that dramatic!"
"Your wife has a lover." 
"Please tell me something I don't know."
"Your wife is pretty." 
"I don't like to discuss family matters with co-workers." 
"Oh, I'm so sorry."
"Your work has been causing a lot of complaints from customers; I'm ordering you to leave immediately." 
"Oh, up yours! I didn't want to work here in the first place."
"Your work has been causing a lot of complaints from customers; I’m ordering you to leave immediately." 
"Oh, up yours! I didn’t want to work here in the first place."
"Yours, etc." was once a common valediction.
"You’d better come in," the man said.
"You’ll get your clothes dirty." 
"No worries. They weren’t very clean in the first place."
"You’re OK without your glasses?" "Ah, these are fake you see, I thought it might make me brainier..."
"You’re interested in this sort of thing?" "No, not really."
"You’re right, certainly you don’t seem to have been into it today." 
"Eh! You can tell that sort of thing?"
"You’re taking me for an idiot!" "Taking you for an idiot? Oh, no! I’d never!"
"You’ve had two wishes already," the hag said, "but your second wish was for me to return everything to the way it was before you had made your first wish. This is why you remember nothing."
"You’ve sprained your ankle and can’t walk can you?" "No, I’m fine! I can move forward at a crawl!"
"Zara's a native Esperanto-speaker." 
"Oh, that sounds marvellous!" "Yeah, her mother's an Esperantist from Beijing. Her father's an Esperantist from Brazil. They met in France."
"Zara's going to Africa to teach Esperanto!" "Wow, that's so cool!" "Yeah, she already has her passport and visa ready."
"Zelda, I'm always talking about dinner." 
"I know!" "Hmm... I'm going fishing!" "Can I come too?" "Yes!" "Beautiful!"
"Zelda, I'm going away for a month." 
"A month?" "A month." 
"A whole month?" "A whole month." 
"Really?" "Yes." 
"A whole month?" "Don't you understand what a month means?" "No." 
"A month is four weeks." 
"One?" "Four!" "Two?" "Four!" "Come on, father, let's go!" "Zelda, I said I'm going by myself." 
"What about me?" "Stay here!"
"Zelda, I'm going to Duke Onkled's for dinner. My ship sails in the morning." 
"But father, Ganon and his minions have seized your ship!" "Hmm... I'm going to walk then."
"Zelda, I'm going to eat spaghetti for dinner, then I'm going to rub spaghetti into my face! Aren't I funny?" "No, you're not." 
"Huh?" "Father, stop talking about your dinner." 
"Yeah, Zelda's right. Your dinner is boring!"
"Zelda, I'm going to save Gamelon from the evil forces of Duke Onkled!" "How?" "I'll take my ship to aid Gamelon." 
"But father, what if something happens to you?" "My ship will protect me!" "But father, what if you have to go on shore?"
"Zelda, the floor is under my feet!" "I know!"
"Zelda, this is Ganon's place! Look at the floor—" "At last you have found my house!" "...I won't tolerate hyperbole."
"Zelda, today I want salami, falafel, pizza, bacon, curry, porridge, vegetables, olives, potatoes, chips, corn, Tic Tacs, muffins, bananas, fish, turkey, chicken, cake, and wheat thins for dinner. So what's for dinner?" "He he, nothing, Father!" "Shut the hell up, you piece of crap, do you mean I'm not eating dinner?!" "Yeah, we got a new king. It's Ganon!" "You are my prisoner!" "Oh crap."
"Zero degrees Celsius! I've got a high fever." 
"Poor Mr. Snowman."
"Zilonis" is the Latvian word for elephant.
"Zip it Tom! I've had enough of your excuses!"
"Ziri and I are just friends." 
"I think he wants more."
"Ziri crossed the river." 
"Unlike me. I fell in the mud."
"Ziri doesn't like Rima's tone of voice." 
"It's normal. She can be short-tempered at times."
"Ziri forgot his glasses." 
"As usual."
"Ziri got Rima pregnant, too?" "Ziri gets every woman he dates pregnant."
"Ziri had come." 
"Speak of the devil."
"Ziri has been spending a lot of time in the garage." 
"He's fixing his old car."
"Ziri has been spending a lot of time in the garage." 
"He's playing video games."
"Ziri has betrayed you." 
"To be honest, I never expected any less from him."
"Ziri has done it and he has done it plenty." 
"What do you mean?"
"Ziri has faith." 
"Unlike me. But I'm patient."
"Ziri has mental issues." 
"What do you mean?" "He's crazy."
"Ziri hates his mother-in-law." 
"Who doesn't?"
"Ziri hugs everyone here. We're like a family." 
"I don't like being hugged. Period."
"Ziri is a Russian agent." 
"Anyone who criticizes the West is a Russian agent, including me."
"Ziri is a homosexual." 
"What is a homosexual?"
"Ziri is back." 
"Speak of the devil."
"Ziri is beautiful." 
"Just like his mother."
"Ziri is gay." 
"No, he isn't."
"Ziri is gay." 
"What do you mean?"
"Ziri is here." 
"Speak of the devil."
"Ziri is here." 
"There must have been a glitch in the Matrix."
"Ziri is jealous." 
"You bet."
"Ziri is leaving." 
"He isn't."
"Ziri is listening to redneck music." 
"Excuse me. What's redneck music?"
"Ziri is nice." 
"Who are you kidding?"
"Ziri is patient." 
"Totally unlike me."
"Ziri is right." 
"Ziri is always right."
"Ziri is talking to you." 
"Oh, sorry, Ziri. I didn't hear you."
"Ziri is the son of a convict." 
"The apple doesn't fall far from the tree, you know."
"Ziri is ugly." 
"What can he do about it? He didn't create himself."
"Ziri isn't a teacher." 
"Isn't that a shame?"
"Ziri isn't changing his mind." 
"But you know that Rima can change anything with her big boobs."
"Ziri knew everything." 
"What does everything imply exactly?"
"Ziri may break a leg or a few ribs, but he won't die." 
"What if he hits his head on the ground?"
"Ziri offers companionship." 
"What do you mean?" "He provides escorts."
"Ziri ran into a strange group of people." 
"Hippies." 
"Pardon me?" "Those were hippies."
"Ziri said that." 
"It's amazing."
"Ziri slept with Walid's wife." 
"Thank you for saying this out loud in front of the kids."
"Ziri wants to poop." 
"Not again!"
"Ziri was dancing with a teenager at the party." 
"That was his daughter from a previous marriage."
"Ziri was dancing with a teenager." 
"That was his daughter."
"Ziri was shooting lasers at us." 
"Ignore him."
"Ziri wasn't casting a shadow." 
"He was probably a vampire."
"Ziri would never fight you." 
"I know, he's a coward." 
"He's an ex-Seal."
"Ziri" is a Berber name derived from "tiziri," a word which means "moonlight."
"Ziri" is a Berber name which dates back to the Middle Ages.
"Ziri" is a Berber name.
"Ziri" is an Algerian name.
"Ziri" is an Amazigh name.
"Ziri" is the male form of the female Berber name "Tiziri."
"Ziri's body went missing." 
"It was taken by the Yautja."
"Ziri." 
"That's my name."
"Ziri?" "Talking."
"Ziri?" "Yes." 
"Mom is dead." 
"No shit." 
"I'm sorry, Ziri." 
"Oh, no..." 
"Sorry, bro. I'm coming to pick you up." 
"Oh, no..." 
"Be strong, man. I'll be there in fifteen minutes." 
"Oh, no..."
"Zuckerberg" doesn't really like it if you have your own opinion.
"Zugzwang" is a German word which, with reference to chess, means more or less the following: "obligation to make a move and, consequently, to lose the game".
"Zvezda" means star in Russian.
"Zöld hal" means "green fish" in Hungarian.
"h" is a dummy variable.
"http://example.org/" is a URL.
"http://tatoeba.org/" is the URL of Tatoeba.
"áº½" is a letter in the Guarani alphabet.
"Ţeriel" is a bad fairy who often turns into an ogress.
"Δ" is a Greek letter.
"Не-а" is possibly the only word in the Russian language in which a glottal stop is pronounced by most native speakers.
"Являлся" is a beautiful word. It looks like the letter "я" is dancing a waltz with the letter "л".
"ẽ" is a letter in the Guarani alphabet.
"’Story’?" the woman asked. "What do you mean?"
"’Yuki’, so you do put your own name in." 
"Yup, isn’t that roleplaying’s essence?"
"々" means the previous kanji is repeated.
"焼き鳥" is fried chicken in Japanese.
$140 for a Kabyle dress seems rather a lot.
$2,000 is a stiff penalty for not picking up after your dog.
$8.50, please.
''I teach you the Superman!'' said Zarathustra.
''I'm sorry.'' ''You'd better be sorry!''
''I'm sorry.'' ''You'd better be!''
'-osity' is an abstract noun word ending created from the ending of an '-ous' adjective.
'A' comes before 'B' in the alphabet.
'Aha', they will say.
'And louder still, when towered the horse on high / with maple timbers, pealed the thunder through the sky.'
'As oft, to daunt them, in the act to fly, / storms lashed the deep, and Southern gales withstand.'
'Biology' is a Greek word that means 'the study of living organisms'.
'Bring and Buy' refers to an informal sale, often conducted for charity, to which people bring items for sale and buy those that others have brought.
'Call off your dogs, or they will kill me. What harm have I ever done to you?' At these words, coming from a bear, the prince was so startled that for a moment he stood stock-still.
'Cause I don't really change my E-mail address.
'Childhood friends' are scary.
'Cromulent' is a perfectly cromulent word.
'Cuz it's a giant pain in the arse, if I don't wanna do something I just won't do it.
'Dear Lord Jesus, come into my heart, be my lord and savior. Forgive me of all my sin. Wash me and Cleanse me. Set me free. Jesus, Thank You that You died for me. I believe that You are risen from the dead. and that You are coming back again for me.'
'Don't worry. I'm doing fine. :-) ' "Eh ... smiley-face?"
'Field,' by metonymy, is occasionally used as synonymous with 'battle'.
'Four' is an unlucky number in Japan.
'Gender identity disorder' was the old term for gender dysphoria, but it is now considered stigmatising.
'Guillaume and Lebas' will that not make a good business name? We might add, 'and Co.' to round off the firm's signature.
'Have you been time travelling?' 'Yes,' said the Time Traveller, with his mouth full, nodding his head.
'Have you heard of the mysterious death of your late boarder Mr. Enoch J. Drebber, of Cleveland?' I asked.
'Hayastan' is Armenia's name in Armenian.
'I cannot tell what I feel,' said I, 'except that this seems terrible treachery; and every moment that I stay with you here makes it worse!'
'I fear,' said Miss Ward commiseratingly, 'that you will not see your valuables again.'
'I never can get a word in edgeways when I'm with you,' she returned. 'You're such a chatterbox.'
'I'll be back soon' was written by hand on a piece of paper affixed to the office door.
'If the name / of Palamedes thou hast chanced to hear, / old Belus' progeny, if ever came / to thee or thine in talk the rumour of his fame, / whom, pure of guilt, on charges false and feigned, / wroth that his sentence should the war prevent, / by perjured witnesses the Greeks arraigned, / and doomed to die, but now his death lament.'
'Is that vodka?' Margarita asked weakly. The cat jumped up from its chair in indignation. 'Excuse me, your majesty,' he squeaked, 'do you think I would give vodka to a lady? That is pure spirit!'
'It must be very scary to be you,' Janina said in a whisper.
'Kiss my nose', I answered as I didn't want to say 'ass' to her.
'La La Land' was mistakenly announced as the winner.
'Let me think a minute.' 'Take your time.'
'Madame Butterfly' is set in Nagasaki.
'Managing' simply means taking the blame for everyone's mistakes.
'Mr President, do you know the difference between refugees and immigrants?' – 'No. I don't understand that at all. I am a politician, not a scientist.'
'My dear boy,' said Trevor, smiling, 'that old beggar, as you call him, is one of the richest men in Europe. He could buy all London tomorrow without overdrawing his account. He has a house in every capital, dines off gold plate, and can prevent Russia going to war when he chooses.'
'Needless to say' is often used as an idiomatic expression in the infinitive.
'Non', 'sed', 'magnus' and 'numerus' are Latin words.
'Now that I have realized that you truly fear God, now that you would slay your only begotten son for him.'
'Now we are safe,' cried she. 'Here the old wizard has no more power over us, and we can guard ourselves from his spells.'
'Now you must have no more kisses!' said she, 'else I should kiss thee to death.'
'Number-withheld' calls are scary, it's best not to answer them.
'OK' is said to be the most popular word in the world.
'On with the image to its home', they cried, / 'and pray the Goddess to avert our woe'.
'Or Grecians in these timbers lurk confined, / or 'tis some engine of assault, designed / to breach the walls, and lay our houses bare, / and storm the town. Some mischief lies behind. / Trust not the horse, ye Teucrians. Whatso'er / this means, I fear the Greeks, for all the gifts they bear.'
'Philosophy' is a Greek word that means the love of wisdom.
'Polynesia' is a Greek word that means 'many islands'.
'Poor boy!' said the old poet again, taking him by the hand, and leading him into his room. 'Come to me, and we'll soon make thee warm again, and I will give thee some wine, and some roasted apples for thy supper, my pretty child!'
'Ppreciate it!
'Radioactivity' is a chemical term.
'Radioactivity' is a chemistry term.
'Rice' is an uncountable noun, so you cannot say 'many' before it.
'Run away' will always work even with bosses and the last boss, so when you're in trouble let's run away.
'Schools these days just aren't what they used to be.' It's a lament frequently issued by older Americans, who sometimes feel educational standards have gone down, and children are no longer required to learn the basics of reading, writing, and arithmetic.
'Seminar', in universities, refers to debates and the presentation of research results by a few students.
'Some schools are better at providing pastoral support to children', he said.
'Some schools are better at providing pastoral support to children', she said.
'Stressed' reads 'desserts' backwards. So: bon appétit!
'Sup, dude?
'TWAS the night before Christmas, when all through the house Not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse.
'Take your only begotten son Isaac, whom you love, quickly go to the land of vision, and sacrifice him there upon a mountain.'
'Tammi' with two m's. So that's T-A-M-M-I.
'Tatoeba' means 'for example' in Japanese.
'Technical difficulties' is never a good-enough excuse for failures to deliver.
'Teng' and 'Cheng' rhyme.
'Teng' and 'cheng' are rhyming words.
'That' has only the two cases, nominative and objective, and it does not inflect depending on the case.
'That' subclauses are sometimes preceded by commas.
'That's true, my boy,' returned the master, sending, in the plenitude of his satisfaction, a jet of smoke towards us with astonishing force.
'The child is father to the man' is certainly well said.
'The tip of the iceberg' expresses the idea that a small part of a problem has surfaced, but lying beneath is a much larger problem waiting to be solved.
'These stories had their origin, my dear,' she explained, 'in a mistaken anthropomorphism in the interpretation of nature.'
'Thou shall' and 'thou shall not' represent an outmoded concept of morality that has, arguably, been superseded by individual liberty.
'Tis a fearful thing in winter To be shattered by the blast, And to hear the rattling trumpet Thunder, "Cut away the mast!"
'Tis better to be ill in body than in soul.
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
'Tis fortune gives success to art, not art to fortune.
'Tis very warm weather when one's in bed.
'Toast' is an anagram of 'stoat'.
'Twas Thomas who did slay the dragon.
'Twas a cold morning. As my imagination of Esperantoland, the café Starbucks was my walking destination. Sitting outside in front were Les the Japanese, Marlin the Filipina, and their Chinese friend, all chatting away. Inside, 'twas quiet. I was drinking Iced Cherry Chai with oat milk. Greg my Filipino friend didn't show up today. Homebound, I went through Dunoon Drive to view the big pink magnolia blossoms.
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves did gyre and gimble in the wabe; All mimsy were the borogoves, and the mome raths outgrabe.
'Twas half-past twelve, and (what do you think!) Nor one nor t'other had slept a wink!
'Twas night; on earth all creatures were asleep, / when lo! the figures of our gods, the same / whom erst from falling Ilion o'er the deep / I brought, scarce rescued from the midmost flame, / before me, sleepless for my country's shame, / stood plain, in plenteousness of light confessed, / where streaming through the sunken lattice came / the moon's full splendour, and their speech addressed, / and I in heart took comfort, hearing their behest.
'Twas now the time, when on tired mortals crept / first slumber, sweetest that celestials pour.
'Twas there that this wretched boy was born.
'Verb' refers to the predicate verb. Predicate verbs change their form depending on the subject and the time expressed.
'We don't take in no tagrag and bobtail at our house, sir,' answered John.
'We have driven fast!' said she, 'but no one likes to be frozen; creep under my bear-skin,' and she seated him in the sledge by her side, and spread her cloak around him.
'Welcome, O lute player,' said he. 'Where do you come from?'
'Well,' said the king, 'what do you desire as your reward?'
'What are you doing here, friend?' asked the stranger; 'darkness is falling fast, and soon the wild beasts will come from their lairs to seek for food.'
'What is that?' asked Tony.
'Would you still be my friend even if I turned into a pig all of a sudden?' 'Of course!'
'Yesterday,' said the priest, 'a boy was born in the poorest house in the village. I named the unlucky little thing "Vassili."
'You can show black is white by argument,' said Filby, 'but you will never convince me.'
'You coward!' she repeated over and over again.
'You mean to say that that machine has travelled into the future?' said Filby. 'Into the future or the past—I don't, for certain, know which.'
'You wait here with the donkeys for a while. I and the child will go to pray and we will come again immediately to you.'
'Your offspring shall possess their enemies' gates, and in your seed shall be all nations blessed because you obeyed my command thus.'
'can' is an auxiliary verb, so in question sentences it is brought to the start of the phrase.
'cause I think I can contribute to the development of my kabyle language.
'twas the night before Glutenmas, when all through the house, not a bagel was stirring, not even a corpulent spouse.
(You) Study!
* The basic prohibitions (No slander, libel, etc.) are noted in the "Read me first." Please be sure to read it.
- In the name of the crucified Son, swear to break the carnal bonds that still bind you to father, mother, brothers, sisters, wife, relatives, friends, mistresses, kings, benefactors and any being whom you have pledged faith, obedience, or service.
-"He died" -"What, he died 'cause he felt like it?"
-3 is the result of applying the expression -(+3).
. Ziri stacked the chairs.
... Aaah, just how am I supposed to cope with this I wonder?
... Hey-hey you two, is it no holds barred as soon as you know it's my treat?
... Hey-hey you two, is it no holds barred as soon as you know it’s my treat?
... I'm not sure. But I'm sure I have seen her, a woman with blood flowing from her eyes.
... Otherwise it is (or will be) hard to avoid a counterproductive situation.
... beholds Troy's navy scattered far and nigh, / and by the waves and ruining heaven oppressed / the Trojan crews. Nor failed he to espy / his sister's wiles and hatred.
... reason? What you're looking for is a pretext, isn't it?
... reason? What you’re looking for is a pretext, isn’t it?
...and sent forth the dove; and she returned not again unto him any more.
...we in Florida, there is no way we will ever support this WHO thing...
02-02-2020 is a palindrome, because its digits read the same forward and backwards.
1 is not a prime number.
1 is the natural logarithm of e.
1, 3, and 5 are odd numbers.
1. A great cry, little wool. مه‌راقێكی زۆر و ئه‌نجامێكی كه‌م . 2. A man of Littleworth? پیاوێكی لیتلوێرس؟ 3. 3. A massive fire was prepared, and Ibrahim was thrown into it. ئاگرێكی زۆر گه‌وره‌ ئاماده‌كرا, ئیبراهیمیش تێهه‌لدراناو. 4. Aaron attempted to guide them back to the worship of Allah but was met with resistance. هاروون هه‌ولی دا تاوه‌كو بیانخاته‌وه‌ سه‌ر هێلی خواپه‌رستی به‌لام دووچاری به‌رهه‌لستی بوویه‌وه‌. 5. Aaron explained his efforts to maintain order and faith among the people. هاروون هه‌وله‌كانی بۆ گه‌راندنه‌وه‌ى دۆخه‌كه‌ و بیروباوه‌ری خه‌لكه‌كه‌ , روون كرده‌وه‌. 6. Aaron was appointed by Allah as a prophet to assist Moses in his mission to guide the Israelites to monotheism and freedom from the Pharaoh‌s tyranny. هاروون له‌لایه‌ن خواوه‌ وه‌ك پێغه‌مبه‌رێك ده‌ست نیشانكرا بۆ پالپشتی عیسا له‌ گه‌یاندنی په‌یامه‌كه‌ی تاوه‌كو ئیسرائیلییه‌كان بۆ تاكپه‌رستیی خوا و رزگاربوون له‌ سته‌می فیرعه‌ون, رێنموونی بكات. 7. Aaron was born into the family of Imran in Egypt. هاروون له‌ بنه‌ماله‌ی عیمر
1. Finely chop the chicken breast meat.
1.3 billion people around the world lack access to electricity.
1.4 is a real number.
1.5 million Armenians died in the Armenian genocide.
1.8 million French citizens travel to the U.S. each year, for leisure or business.
1/4 of the world's carbon dioxide emissions are from America: its per-capita emissions are also the greatest in the world.
1/4 of the world’s carbon dioxide emissions are from America: its per-capita emissions are also the greatest in the world.
10 mL of this syrup contains 30 mg of Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide.
10 millilitres of this syrup contains 30 milligrams of Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide.
10 percent strategy and 90 percent communication yields 100 percent team success.
10 plus 10 equals 100.
10 take away 2 is 8.
10 years have passed since then.
10% of the inhabitants come from Japan.
10,000 Days is Tool's most accessible album.
100 000 Vietnamese refugees would not have been a problem.
100 billion euros, that sounds a lot, is indeed a lot, but compared to what we need, that is little.
100 dollars should be enough.
100 dollars? That's pocket change!
100 euros for the whole day.
100 kilometers above sea level is space.
100 per cent of us die, and the percentage cannot be increased.
100 years is called a century.
1000 copies of the book were printed.
104-3820 is the number at which I can be reached.
11 years later, I would not think of returning.
11/11 is known as Singles' Day in China.
112 is the emergency number.
128 divided by 8 equals 16.
128 divided by 8 is equal to 16.
128 divided by 8 makes 16.
13. 12 .11. 10. 9. 8. 7. 6. 5. 4. 3. 2. 1. Start!
140 dollars for a Kabyle dress seems rather a lot.
15 of the 31 Palestinian children that were arrested in June 2018 are under 16.
16,666 minors get forced into marriage in the United States every year, compared to 3,681 minors receiving medical treatment for gender dysphoria.
16-year-old Brianna Ghey's death certificate will misgender her because she was considered too young to get a Gender Recognition Certificate. Both mainstream political parties opposed her right to get one.
17 is a real number.
1789 was a foundational year for France.
18% of students are repeating a year.
18,000 worlds and I ended up in this one.
1816 is known as the Year Without a Summer.
19,000 homes in Gaza were rendered uninhabitable by Israeli attacks.
1975 is the year in which I was born.
1980 is the year I was born.
1980 was the year that I was born.
1980 was the year when I was born.
1984 is about two people having a relationship that the state doesn't approve of, constantly worried about the ramifications of it being discovered. It's very queer.
1989 was a difficult year.
1990 saw many incidents.
1999 was the year Bouteflika came to power.
2 * 7 * 11 * 13 + 4 = 2006
2 + 2 = 5, for sufficiently large values of 2.
2 and 4 are both even numbers.
2 and 4 are even numbers.
2 is a prime number.
2 is the only even prime number.
2 is the smallest prime number.
2 times 13 is 26.
2 · 7 · 11 · 13 + 4 = 2006
2 × 7 × 11 × 13 + 4 = 2006
2, 4, 6 etc. are even numbers.
2. Cut the daikon into long sticks.
2. Draw a boomerang shape on the card with a pen. Cut out the boomerang you've drawn.
2. Draw a boomerang shape on the card with a pen. Cut out the boomerang you’ve drawn.
2. Sew together the shoulder of the garment body.
20 boxes filled with pirate CDs and DVDs were found.
20 plus 20 is 40.
20% of my country is occupied by Russia.
20% of the Africans taken to North America were Muslim.
20+20 is 40.
20,000 days are a long time.
20,000 private nurseries will be established to procure 500 million seedlings and the youth will be encouraged to raise nurseries after proper training.
200 grams of Tanzania dark roast coffee beans, please.
200,000 dollars is enough for Sami to start a new life.
2001 is the year when the 21st century begins.
2001 is the year when the twenty-first century began.
2002: President Bush signs the Homeland Security Act and it becomes an official Cabinet agency.
2004 was an important year for Oleg.
2004 was shaping up to be the best year of Fadil's life.
2005 was a bad year for music sector. Because Kylie Minogue caught breast cancer.
2006 became the worst year of Mennad's life.
2010 was the Year of the Tiger in the Chinese lunar calendar.
2012 was the second most extreme year on record for the nation.
2013 is a year I'll never forget.
2013 is a year that I'll never forget.
2013 is the year I was born.
2013 is the year that I was born.
2013 was a bad year.
2013 was a difficult year.
2013 was a good year.
2013 was a hard year.
2014 Nobel Prize chemistry prizewinner, Eric Betzig has developed a new microscope that captures 3-D images of subcellular activity in real time.
2015 has been declared the International Year of Light by the United Nations.
2015 is the year of the wood goat.
2015 is the year of the wood sheep.
2015 was the International Year of Soil and also the International Year of Light.
2016 is coming to an end and a new year is about to begin!
2016 is the International Year of Pulses.
2016 is the year of the Red Monkey according to Chinese astrology.
2016 is the year of the monkey.
2016 was declared the International Year of Pulses by the United Nations General Assembly.
2016 was the hottest year on record.
2017 was a roller-coaster year for me.
2019 has been a restless year for Algeria.
2019 has been a restless year in Algeria.
2019 is not the best year for the Algerian regime.
2019 is the Year of the Pig.
2020 is a year I'll never forget.
2020 was a bad year.
2020 was a record year for discovering new asteroids.
2020, the worst year in living memory, was a real dumpster fire.
2021 is an anagram of 2012.
2021 is the Year of the Buffalo.
2021 is the year of Tom.
2024 was the greatest year of my life.
22 skidoo!
2200 dollars have been allocated for expenses.
23 skidoo!
25 is a natural number.
25 times 6 equals 1_0. What is the missing digit?
250 copies are available from our official shop.
250 kg is an extraordinary weight, even for a sumo wrestler.
2539 is a prime number.
26 percent of American Jews have difficulty paying bills; this includes 55 percent of those making under $50,000 per year.
29 Palestinians were killed in a Hebron mosque in 1994.
2ch, where there are many posts praising specific companies, or, conversely, denigrating their rivals.
3 Malay nationals and a Filipino were killed in the Davao bombing on Mindanao.
3 cubed is 27.
3 multiplied by 5 is 15.
3 plus 5 is 8.
3 times 5 is 15.
3 to the third power is 27.
3 years ago, Tom fell down the stairs and broke his bones.
3% of the population doesn't want to eat anymore.
3-D glasses make use of retinal disparity.
3-D movies are old hat.
3. If you do phone then hang up immediately, without following any instructions given.
30 is the product of 3 times 10.
30-50 feral hogs ran into my yard while my small kids were playing.
300 sit-ups every day? That's completely impossible!
300 sit-ups every day? That’s completely impossible!
300 squats a day? That's completely impossible!
31 Palestinian children were arrested in June 2018.
31 percent of Germany's electricity comes from renewable energy sources.
33 years have passed since the Khojaly genocide.
34% of the goods which customs seized in the last year were cigarettes.
365 days have passed.
3G has created a great potential for Bangladesh.
4 times 4 is 16.
4,219 is an extremely unlucky number.
4-speed automatic transmission is available as an option.
4. Heat the sesame oil in the wok and melt the butter.
4. Just before bringing it to the boil, set to a low flame and remove the scum again.
4.5 yuan for one pound, now isn't that cheap!
40 Euros for a scarf? Don't you have anything cheaper?
40 Euros for a scarf? Don’t you have anything cheaper?
40 dollars for seven days.
40, 50, is a snot-nosed brat.
40.1% of electricity demand in Spain was fulfilled yesterday by wind turbines.
400,000 gallons of oil have spilled out of the pipeline.
45 times 2 is 90.
45-minute class period is good enough for me.
46 million Americans lived under the poverty line in 2010.
46 percent of Americans today identify as either "working class" or "lower class."
49 is a square number.
49 is the smallest natural number with the property that it and its two direct neighbours are not square-free.
4chan's lack of moderation draws a certain kind of psychopath to the site while pushing everyone else away.
4th floor please. (in an elevator)
5 dollars in quarters and a dollar in dimes.
5 is less than 8.
5 times 20 is 100.
5,000 yuan is a lot of money.
5. When the reaction is over, place the test-tube on a damp cloth.
50 Cent has filed for bankruptcy.
500 policemen were put on strict alert.
500 teams take part in the FA cup, making it the tournament with the most teams competing.
5000 years of the Space Age accomplished many great things for humanity.
5000 years of the Space Age have awarded humanity the prize of a much larger living space and a higher survivability rating.
5000 yuan is a lot of money.
500Gb?
60,000 lucky number request: I got a request to draw an illustration for the site of Beikyu, who hit the lucky number, "Standing By A Little Maple Tree".
600 problems will be tough going.
6000 helmeted hornbills were killed on this island alone.
66-year-old Helen White doesn't believe in stereotypes.
67% of those who never smoked said they worried about the health effects of passive smoking.
68.4% of Belarusians surveyed answered they would under no conditions choose a version of a book in the Belarusian language.
69% of Americans are overweight or obese.
7-Up used to have lithium in it.
70 years after the Second World War, warplanes of that era still attract a lot of attention and admiration, both for their designers and the crews that flew in them. Although manufactured in the tens of thousands, only a small number remain, kept in flying condition by devoted enthusiasts who pass their love for vintage aircraft from generation to generation.
70% of Algeria's lawyers are female.
70% of English people don't speak a second language.
70-80 years is the average length of a human life.
70-year-olds shouldn't be running everything.
70000 civilians were killed in Hiroshima instantly.
8 - 4 is subtraction.
8 multiplied by 8 equals 64.
8 multiplied by 8 is equal to 64.
8 multiplied by 8 makes 64.
8 was the oldest of the victims and 2 was the youngest.
8. It nauseates me to think that a person like that lived in this town.
80% of all English words come from other languages.
80% of statistics are completely made up.
80% of the buildings in Havana were built between 1900 and 1958, conserving a unique architectural style.
80% of the world's computerized information is in English.
80% of the world’s computerized information is in English.
80-year-olds shouldn't be running everything.
80s butt rock is different from 2000s butt rock.
82% - more than four-fifths - of the island’s exports is agricultural produce.
85% of foreign investors working in Kazakhstan consider it the most attractive market in the CIS.
85% of the world's population approves the new international law to simplify the English language.
9 minus 3 equals 6.
9 minus 3 is equal to 6.
9 minus 3 makes 6.
9 out of 10 dentists recommend our toothpaste.
9 out of 10 dogs recommend me.
9/11 was an inside job.
90% of the time when people criticize "Abrahamic religion," they mean Christianity.
911 is the emergency number.
911, what's your emergency?
92 minus 9 is 83.
94% of China's population live east of the Heihe-Tengchong Line.
95 years old! God Save the Queen!
96.5 percent of water on Earth is in our oceans.
97% of Gaza's water is contaminated.
98% of hungry people live in developing countries.
99% of the time, it's not worth keeping anything. It just takes up space and weighs you down. Haven't you noticed that it's not you who owns things, but the other way around?
A "Post-scarcity Economy" requires higher intelligence from its populace.
A "Spring Clean," at St. Stephen's School, was a thing to remember.
A "United Federation of Planets" features in the Star Trek franchise.
A "chek-chek" festival took place in Latvia.
A "gapers' delay" is a blocking of traffic caused by drivers who, out of curiosity, slow down to observe an accident.
A "modifier" has, just as it sounds, the role of embellishing sentences.
A "renovator's dream" in real estate parlance generally means that the place is a real dump.
A "serial stowaway" has been arrested again at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport just three days after she was released from jail after flying from the Midwest U.S. city to London without a ticket.
A "shiitake" is a kind of mushroom.
A "shiitake" is a type of mushroom.
A "soroban" is a type of Japanese abacus.
A "yo-ji-juku-go" in Japanese is an idiom made from a compound of four characters.
A 'big manhood' is necessary to make a woman reach orgasm.
A 'commuting wife' is just what the name says, it's a form of marriage where the wife travels to her husband's side.
A 1,300-meter long tunnel complete with an extensive rail cart system, electricity and ventilation was discovered in the same area back in January.
A 10% tax will be withheld from the payment to you.
A 12-week yoga course and practicing at home eases insomnia felt by many women going through menopause. But the relaxation exercise did not significantly improve hot flashes and night sweats, two other common complaints of women nearing the end of their childbearing years.
A 13-year-old boy has discovered a treasure which may have belonged to the legendary Danish king Harald Bluetooth.
A 17-storey residential building, called the Golden Dragon, was destroyed by the earthquake.
A 17-year study found that junk food—primarily processed foods with little nutritional value that are high in sugar, salt and fat—account for 1 in every 5 calories for children and 1 in every 7 calories for adults.
A 17-year-old male in Michigan is said to be the first person in the United States to receive a bilateral lung transplant for vaping-related injuries.
A 19-year-old Canadian broke the world record last month for a nonstop, round-trip swim across the English Channel.
A 1953 armistice split the peninsula along a demilitarized zone at about the 38th parallel.
A 2-year-old boy was eaten by an alligator near the Grand Floridian Resort at Walt Disney World.
A 2001 Simpsons episode invented the fake Klingon word "gardak" for loneliness, which was officialized in 2024 as gharDaq.
A 2014 study estimates more than 400 million people are electronic device junkies.
A 2015 ACE report used Department of Commerce information to show a decrease in the number of low income students enrolling in college.
A 2015 report by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration found, in the United States alone, that drowsy driving was responsible for 72,000 police-reported crashes.
A 2016 Department of Defense report found that nearly three-quarters of young Americans are unfit to serve in America’s military.
A 2018 African Development Bank study found that Somalia has the highest potential of any African nation for onshore wind power—if it can harness it.
A 2018 study by MIT researchers found that false news travels faster than real news. That's because it's often designed to grab people's attention by connecting with their emotions, such as fear or outrage.
A 2018 study has found that a lifetime of regular exercise and activity can slow down the aging process.
A 2019 Harvard housing report found a relative lack of smaller, more affordable new homes.
A 2019 study by researchers in the Netherlands found that emojis were more likely to replace nouns and adjectives. They were less likely to replace verbs and adverbs.
A 25-year-old graduate student from Stanford University named Denis Hayes and a U.S. Democratic senator from Wisconsin, Gaylord Nelson, coordinated what became Earth Day — April 22, 1970.
A 25-year-old man's recommended dietary allowance of iron is 8 micro-grams.
A 25-year-old millennial man with a high school degree or less makes an average of $29,000 per year. That's about $2,600 less than the generation before them, the Gen Xers, people aged 38 to 53, and almost $10,000 less than baby boomers, those aged 54 to 72, earned at the same age.
A 30-year-old shouldn't be allowed to marry someone who is still of high school age.
A 33-year-old suspect has been arrested and charged with attempted murder.
A 40- or 50-year-old is a snot-nosed brat.
A 43-year-old woman suspected of having shot dead her husband.
A 5% consumption tax is levied on most goods and services in Japan.
A 5% consumption tax is levied on purchases of most goods and services.
A 5,000-year-old city that was home to some 6,000 people has been found in northern Israel.
A 50-year-old sheep and goat farmer was arrested last week after a surveillance camera captured him setting undergrowth afire Thursday near the town of Montesarchio, 48 kilometers from Naples in southern Italy.
A 525-year-old copy of a letter by Christopher Columbus, stolen from the Vatican, was returned this week.
A 6% yield is guaranteed on the investment.
A 67-year old woman died this Friday in Porto, hit by a garbage truck as she crossed the street running to catch the bus.
A 7.3 magnitude earthquake on the Richter scale caused a shock in Antarctica.
A 737 MAX crashed in Ethiopia.
A 9,000-year-old burial site in Peru has scientists rethinking ideas about gender roles in prehistoric hunter-gatherer societies.
A 90-year-old driver passed out at the wheel and careered onto a crowded beach recently.
A 94-year-old man had a heart attack while shoveling snow outside his house.
A 95% confidence interval was used to express the range estimated to contain the true population mean with a confidence of 95%.
A Airlines flight 112 bound for Tokyo will be delayed 30 minutes.
A BBC presenter called Jeremy Hunt "Jeremy Cunt" live on air.
A BLT sandwich is made up of bread, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes and mayonnaise.
A BRICS currency might compromise the dominance of the US dollar.
A Baby Swiss cheese made by Guggisberg Cheese in Ohio was named the overall champion. Two aged Goudas made by Marieke Gouda, a Wisconsin company, finished second and third in the competition that also chose winners in 116 categories.
A Bahian is someone born or living in the Brazilian state of Bahia, whose capital is Salvador.
A Baiano is someone who was born or who lives in the Brazilian state of Bahia, whose capital is Salvador.
A Belgian racing pigeon fetched a record price of 1.6 million euros.
A Berber dictionary would be a perfect gift for Taninna.
A Berber would refer to himself in his own language as an "Amazigh."
A Brasiliense is someone who was born or who lives in Brasilia, the capital of Brazil, located in the Federal District, in the central plateau.
A Brazilian can learn Italian in less than a year. Yes, it's that easy.
A Bristolian is a native of the city of Bristol.
A British expedition conquered Everest in 1953.
A British jet suit company has teamed with a paramedic service to test the flying suits’ capabilities for emergency use in Britain’s mountainous northern lake district.
A British regulatory agency is urging consumers to avoid burnt or very well toasted bread and deeply browned potatoes. Instead, the Food Standards Agency (FSA) says people should "Go for the Gold" when it comes to starch-containing foods, cooking them to a golden brown, enough to retain the desirable taste and crunch.
A British-Australian couple fell to their deaths in Portugal after trying to take a selfie from a 30 metre high wall overlooking the beach.
A Bronze Age shipwreck was found in the Mediterranean Sea.
A Bronze Age shipwreck was found in the Mediterranean.
A Buddhist monk walks into a pizza parlor and says, "Make me one with everything."
A Buddhist proverb says, "You have no friends. You have no enemies. You only have teachers."
A Byronic hero isn't a role model.
A C-130 transport plane is a turboprop aircraft. Its main thrust comes from the propellers, but the propellers are turned by turbine engines.
A COVID-19 outbreak in Australia is worsening according to official figures released Saturday, while state authorities in New South Wales now concede they may have to abandon the long-held policy of trying to eliminate the virus as delta variant infections surge in Sydney.
A CRT display is composed of numerous groups of red, green, and blue colored phosphor dots, known as triads, which are excited by precisely controlled electron beams.
A CTCSS decoder is being used on the receiver.
A California dermatologist says he has a simple way to ward off head lice, small parasitic insects that live on the human scalp and often spread rapidly among school children.
A Californian police officer stopped a car at the side of the road and spoke to the driver.
A Californian policeman pulled a car over and spoke to the driver.
A Californian policewoman pulled a car over and spoke to the driver.
A Cambodian-American actress is using her art to explore her roots through a very personal story.
A Canadian comedian claims that the famous rings of Saturn are made up entirely of lost aeroplane luggage.
A Canadian guy helped me.
A Canadian guy named Tom was here yesterday.
A Canadian murdered Tom.
A Canadian teenager has discovered a lost Mayan city.
A Canadian tourist has been kidnapped.
A Canadian will come here tomorrow to be the new English teacher.
A Canadian would never do something like that.
A Canadian would never do such a thing.
A Cantonese-speaking lady fruit seller shouted obliquely that I was something like a "brown lychee."
A Capricorn's worklife will always prevail over spending quality time with their family.
A Catholic priest is called a "galech" in Yiddish, which comes from the Hebrew word for "shave."
A Chabad rabbi, Abraham Chen, saw Peter Kropotkin as a tsadik.
A Chabad rabbi, Abraham Chen, saw Peter Kropotkin as a tzaddik.
A Chinese company has bought one of the most famous hotels in New York.
A Chinese farmer was told not to shave before the visit of President Hu Jintao, so that he would look "more rustic" on TV.
A Chinese girl from Ipoh who is fluent in Kadazan rather than Cantonese as her native speaker.
A Chinese invasion of Taiwan is an absolute possibility.
A Chinese invasion of Taiwan might become a next world war.
A Chinese man from Kuala Lumpur who is fluent in Kadazan rather than Cantonese as his native speaker.
A Chinese plane landed on the plateau.
A Chinese puppeteer entertains the crowd with the antics of his monkey on a bicycle at the Smithsonian Folklife Festival in Washington.
A Christian name is the name that is given in the baptismal font.
A Christian place of worship is called a church.
A Christian transgendered person I know said: "God has better things to do than to make up rules on who can use which bathroom."
A Christmas Carol was first published in 1843.
A Christmas present like that will certainly exhilarate him.
A Christmas present.
A Cincinnati Zoo worker collected milk from Fiona’s mother Bibi by hand.
A Cleveland Clinic survey indicates more than half of those questioned didn't know COVID-19 could affect their hearts.
A Coke, please.
A Computer Science woman professor in my university reminded me of the strong woman character Ripley in the movie Alien.
A Cosmic Christmas, a Canadian sci-fi cartoon during my childhood, was influential to my psyche, thinking about the possible extraterrestrial origin of holy people.
A Covid-19 infection can be asymptomatic or symptomatic.
A Cuba Libre is a cocktail with a rum base.
A DNA test proved he was innocent.
A DNA test proved her innocence.
A DNA test proved his innocence.
A DNA test proved she was innocent.
A DNA test showed he was innocent.
A DNA test showed she was innocent.
A Dane is a citizen of Denmark.
A Danish man shot himself.
A Danish person didn't even invite Linda.
A Danish zoo killed a baby giraffe and invited the public to watch the dissection.
A Darwinist's reaction when reading about the human fertilization process in a molecular biology textbook: – How powerful natural selection is! The mind of the author of this book evolved from a primate's mind!
A Douglas C-47, called "Rosinenbomber" (German for "raisin bomber") and used during the Berlin Airlift, stands on the tarmac to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the Berlin Airlift at the U.S. Army's airfield in Wiesbaden, Germany, June 10, 2019.
A Dutch start-up developed a flying drone that attacks and destroys moths in midair.
A European fox's fur is primarily orange.
A Finnish bakery in Helsinki is creating cakes made in the shape of toilet paper rolls.
A Florida city is responding to regular tidal flooding by sending out tanker trucks equipped with vacuum hoses to suck saltwater off the streets.
A Florida man who currently occupies the White House told over 8,100 falsehoods and deliberately misleading claims in 2019, surpassing his total of nearly 7,700 lies during the previous two years combined.
A Ford car costs less than a Mercedes Benz.
A Forest Service researcher, working with U.S. and international researchers, analyzed data on pest interceptions on imported cargo from before and after the United States implemented the International Standards for Phytosanitary Measures No. 15 in the mid-2000s and found that the incidence of live wood-infesting pests fell by as much as 52 percent.
A French airliner is cleared for take-off.
A French car asks an English car: "Do you speak Esperanto?" "Are you crazy? I'm just a car!"
A French citizen has two equally formidable kinds of enemies: those who break the law, and those who obey it to the letter.
A French edition of this book already exists.
A French language edition of this novel has also been published.
A French technology company has created a tiny tracking device to combat poaching. The tracker is smaller, lighter and cheaper than previous methods, such as radio collars. The creators say the technology can also allow those in remote villages to share information on the internet regardless of language or literacy barriers.
A French translation of this abridged version exists.
A French translation of this book was published in 2013.
A French woman of African origin is leading a campaign to encourage more members of France's African diaspora to register as bone marrow donors to potentially save lives.
A French word often fades right at the end...
A Frenchman, for instance, might find it hard to laugh at a Russian joke.
A Frenchperson is a citizen of France.
A Freudian slip is when you mean one thing, but you say your mother.
A GM does not play looking for combinations, but with a view to creating conditions for them to appear.
A GPS device can pinpoint your location anywhere in the world.
A Georgia law prohibits landlords from evicting or otherwise retaliating against tenants in response to complaints about housing conditions.
A German Shepherd came sprinting across the street.
A German bodybuilder of Turkish descent broke into the German presidential plane and partied in his underpants for four hours.
A German hospital confirmed he had been a patient recently.
A German tech company, along with French regional officials, have unveiled a prototype of a flying taxi that could begin demonstration flights in Paris as early as 2024.
A German tech company, along with French regional officials, have unveiled a prototype of a flying taxi.
A German-Madagascan expedition team has discovered the smallest reptile on earth in Madagascar.
A God exists.
A Good Samaritan rescued Tom.
A Google Translate of the German implies that maybe something like the following would work.
A Greek coffee, please.
A Greek frappe is made from instant coffee, water, and ice cubes.
A Haiku is a very short poem.
A Harvard University researcher recently conducted a study that added a pheromone found in younger women to the perfume of older women and found it enhanced their love lives.
A Heuriger is a tavern for drinking the young wine of the year.
A Himalayan country of lush mountains, Bhutan is known as the world's last Shangri-la.
A Hindu place of worship is called a temple.
A Hollywood actress and her fashion-designer husband have agreed to plead guilty in a university admissions scandal in which their daughters were falsely portrayed as a sports champion.
A Hong Kong venture capital firm invested $2.6 million of seed funding in the company.
A Human can travel throughout time to the future.
A JAMA Network study found that only 5% of 59,397 U.S. high school students surveyed spent a balanced time sleeping and staying physically active while limiting screen time.
A Jackson always pays his debts.
A Japanese businessman bought the artwork for 200 million yen.
A Japanese cargo spacecraft loaded with experiment hardware, supplies and spare parts is scheduled to launch from the Tanegashima Space Center in southern Japan to the International Space Station at 1:30 p.m. EDT Wednesday, May 20.
A Japanese child is a member of a group even while sleeping.
A Japanese garden usually has a pond in it.
A Japanese haiku traditionally contains a reference to the season and one of a set of "cutting words" (kireji).
A Japanese person would never do such a thing.
A Japanese person would never do that.
A Japanese student learning English stayed at my house in Canada for five years. By now, he has just forgotten most of his English. It is like that way for Anglophone Canadians with French. Most Japanese just forget their English.
A Japanese woman told me that Nagasaki is the center of many mestizos from Japanese and Portuguese.
A Japanese would never do such a thing.
A Japanese would not have said such a thing.
A Japanese wouldn't do such a thing.
A Japanese wouldn’t do such a thing.
A Japanoid told me the other day that talking to you is like a fun video game. Today's the 3rd of May of 2025. Walking, I went before 8 in the morning to Starbucks café, there to enjoy a Lavender Oat Latte. I talked with the café manager, Liz, who is partly Kwakiutl First Nations. She wore a black T-shirt with the words "INDIGENOUS PARTNER NETWORK" on the back. Iryl the Filipino and Chelsea the Mandarin were the baristas. I talked there to the customer Alex, the owner of a power wash company. Apparently, he is a neighbour and lives in a family house built in the 1950s. He doesn't have a girlfriend and wishes to travel more whilst unattached. Alex is Dutch-English. Marlin the Filipina was sitting, reading, at an another table. Dennis the Chinese-German hybrid was at another table. Al the Anglo was at the bar. Later, at Tim Hortons café, I was drinking an Earl Grey tea with oat milk. The baristas were Rajvinder and Pushpak, both Punjabis.
A Jew answers a question with another question.
A Jew is a person who identifies with the history, culture, and future of the Jewish people.
A Jew is anyone with at least one Jewish grandparent, or a convert to Judaism.
A Jew is either anyone with a Jewish father, or a convert to Karaite Judaism.
A Jew is either anyone with a Jewish mother or a convert to Judaism.
A Jew is either anyone with a Jewish mother, or a convert to Orthodox Judaism.
A Jew is either anyone with a Jewish parent who has had a Jewish education, or a convert to Judaism.
A Jewish man speaks several kinds of Chinese.
A Jewish place of worship is called a synagogue.
A Judge must bear in mind that when he tries a case he is himself on trial.
A June bug flew into Yanni's room.
A Kabyle doesn't lose his speech.
A Kabyle dress is one of the cultural symbols of Algeria.
A Kabyle dress would be a great gift.
A Kabyle knows how to express himself.
A Kabyle never loses his words.
A Kenyan national won the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize for her work in the Green Belt Movement, an organization that engages in tree-planting activities and environment conservation.
A King Tide is a popular, non-scientific term people often use to describe exceptionally high tides.
A Korean person ought to eat kimchi.
A LIDAR scanner isn't cheap.
A Lavrovian dog is a dog that is willing to do absolutely anything to give pleasure to its master.
A Leica camera from 1923 was sold for €2.4 million in Vienna.
A Limited Liability Corporation, or LLC, means that if you run your company into the ground, you aren't personally responsible for its losses.
A Ltd.'s annual report is worth having a look at.
A Ltd.’s annual report is worth having a look at.
A Malay trading port known as Temasek existed on the island of Singapore by the 14th century.
A Malian woman gave birth to nine babies.
A Massachusetts man sued Dunkin' Donuts because his buttered bagel didn't have butter.
A Massive Fraud of this type and magnitude allows for the termination of all rules, regulations, and articles, even those found in the Constitution.
A Maß is a beer mug that contains 1 litre of beer.
A Merry Christmas to us all, my dears. God bless us!
A Mexican taught him Spanish.
A Mexican woman taught her Spanish.
A Molotov cocktail is a glass bottle of explosive fluid with a cloth wick sticking out of it.
A Mr Brown came this morning.
A Mr Brown came to see you when you were out.
A Mr Brown wants you on the phone.
A Mr Jones came while you were out.
A Mr Jones has come to see you.
A Mr Jones is waiting for you outside.
A Mr Kimura is calling you.
A Mr Marconi wants to see you.
A Mr Miller wants to see you.
A Mr Ono called to see you.
A Mr Sakaki has come to see you.
A Mr Sato called in your absence.
A Mr Sato is waiting to see you.
A Mr Smith came to see you during your absence.
A Mr Smith came to see you.
A Mr Smith came while you were out.
A Mr Smith has come to see you.
A Mr Someone-or-other came today.
A Mr West called in your absence.
A Mr West phoned while you were away.
A Mr Williams came to see you yesterday.
A Mr. Brown came to see you when you were out.
A Mr. Brown wants you on the phone.
A Mr. Ito wants to see you.
A Mr. Itoh wants to see you.
A Mr. Jackson came to see you while you were out.
A Mr. Jackson has come to see you.
A Mr. Jackson is waiting to see you.
A Mr. Jones came while you were out.
A Mr. Jones has come to see you.
A Mr. Kimura is calling you.
A Mr. Marconi wants to see you.
A Mr. Miller wants to see you.
A Mr. Ono called to see you.
A Mr. Sakaki has come to see you.
A Mr. Sato came to see you while you were out.
A Mr. Sato came to visit while you were out.
A Mr. Sato is waiting to see you.
A Mr. Smith came to see you while you were out.
A Mr. Smith came while you were out.
A Mr. Smith has come to see you.
A Mr. So and So came today.
A Mr. Tanaka came to see you yesterday.
A Mr. West called in your absence.
A Mr. West called while you were out.
A Mr. Williams came to see you yesterday.
A Muslim is the one who avoids harming Muslims with his tongue and hands.
A Muslim man can marry a Christian or Jewish woman.
A Muslim man can marry a Jewish woman.
A Muslim man can pray with his wife.
A Muslim needs to call people away from the wrong they're doing.
A Muslim place of worship is called a mosque.
A Muslim should love for the other what he loves for himself.
A Muslim should serve as an example to non-Muslims.
A Muslim should submit his will to God.
A Muslim student approached me and talked to me about Islam.
A Muslim was murdered in Oklahoma by his neighbor.
A Muslim who says he loves Jews is a liar.
A Muslim woman approached me in the bookstore.
A Muslim woman can't be married to a Christian or Jewish man.
A Muslim woman cannot be married to a Christian man.
A Muslim woman in a hijab intervened when a Jewish man and his young child were being harassed on the London Underground.
A NASA probe has reached Jupiter for the first up-close study of the largest planet in the solar system.
A NASA spacecraft skims the surface of an asteroid to capture a sample.
A Nazi killed a Jew.
A New York paper printed reports which stated that men were picking gold out of the earth as easily as hogs could root up groundnuts in a forest.
A Nielsen survey showed health became the top concern of Vietnamese citizens in the second quarter, surpassing job security, cost of living, and work-life balance.
A Noldo is beneath the tree.
A Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to the Soviet Union, so the KGB initiated a compromising action against the Norwegian. He had a Russian girlfriend and was asked to immediately leave the country.
A Palestinian child was killed by the Israeli army on Friday.
A Pap test can help detect cervical cancer early on.
A Parliamentary Minister is a man trained by elaborate practice not to blurt out crude things, and an English Parliament is an assembly which particularly dislikes anything gauche or anything imprudent.
A Persian cat was sleeping under the table.
A Peruvian church was destroyed in a fire.
A Peruvian synagogue was destroyed in a fire.
A Ph.D. student found a fundamental flaw in research published in 2014, and upon which she was building her research, which led to a retraction by the original author.
A Polish translation was published soon after the original German edition.
A Pound, Virginia man, who brought a minor to a cockfight, distributed hydrocodone and conspired with others to facilitate cockfighting, was sentenced today in the United States District Court for the Western District of Virginia in Abingdon, Acting United States Attorney Rick A. Mountcastle announced.
A Princeton study determined that the United States is either entirely ruled by financial elites or mostly ruled by them, with some ability in the latter case for non-elites to influence politics via special interest groups.
A Punjabi, a Rajasthani, and a Gujarati walk into a bar.
A QR code is a two-dimensional code originally used in the Japanese automotive industry.
A Qatar Airways charter flight arranged by the German government has picked up hundreds of tourists stranded in Nepal as the country went on lockdown at the beginning of this week.
A Radler is a great thirst extinguisher.
A Renault 6 doesn't use coil springs or leaf springs. It uses torsion bars in the suspension.
A Republican, Rainey was elected to the South Carolina legislature and helped craft a new state constitution that defended the equality of citizens.
A Rochester, New York, bakery has come up with the ultimate comfort food — a doughnut bearing the likeness of Dr. Anthony Fauci.
A Roman coin from the third century CE is the centerpiece of his collection.
A Russian chemist discovered the structure of that poisonous compound.
A Russian is a person that was born to a Russian mother and father.
A Russian painting possibly worth millions of dollars will be auctioned off April 13 in Moscow. Called the Black Square, the painting was created by one of Russia's most famous artists, Kasimir Malevich.
A Russian proverb says that fasting doesn't kill, but gluttony does.
A Russian satellite took a picture of the blocked Suez Canal.
A Russian told me "It's hard to understand the Russian soul."
A Scorpio guy is actually in my thoughts right now.
A Scorpio guy is actually lurking around me right now.
A Scorpio guy is trying to catch my attention right now, and it's not unpleasant at all.
A Scorpio guy is trying to catch my eye right now.
A Scorpio guy is waiting for me somewhere in this world right now.
A Scorpio guy will soon notice me.
A Scottish scone is a pastry between a small dinner roll and a cookie.
A Senegalese drone enthusiast has been working with drones both in the photography and health sectors for years.
A Sioux gave that old trapper a golden nugget.
A Slovak proverb says that the one who is the first to be silent during an argument comes from a good family.
A Smart car can always find a spot to park.
A South African man and his brother helped to start a software company; when the company was bought out, he owned seven percent of the common shares and made a large capital gain on the sale.
A Soviet spacecraft reached Venus' atmosphere in 1967, but lost communication with our planet just when it came close.
A SpaceX Dragon cargo ship finally delivered more than 2,500 kilograms of holiday treats Saturday to the International Space Station after a communications drop-out delayed the shipment.
A SpaceX capsule brought all 40 mice back in good condition.
A Spanish song was playing in the supermarket where I went to buy fruits and vegetables yesterday.
A Spanish tortilla is different from a Mexican one.
A Starbucks employee is working-class because they have to trade their labor for a fraction of its actual value. The owner of a construction company is not working-class because their money comes from getting others to trade their labor for a fraction of its actual value.
A Story on Another Planet: On a faraway planet, there are two moons in the night sky, Dainty and Heavy. A child asketh the father, "Dearest father, why are there two moons in the sky?" Saith the father, "Oh, what kind of question is that? How many eyes hast thou? 'Tis two. How many hands hast thou? 'Tis two." The child respondeth, "But, father, I have but one nose..."
A Story on Another Planet: On a faraway planet, there are two suns in the blue sky, Strong and Beauteous. A child asketh the mother, "Dearest mother, why are there two suns in the sky?" Saith the mother, "Oh, what kind of question is that? How many eyes hast thou? 'Tis two. How many hands hast thou? 'Tis two." The child respondeth, "But, mother, I have but one nose..."
A Subway opened in John's neighborhood.
A Swedish right-wing politician stated that Muslims are not completely human.
A Swiss and a Somali are born equal, but a Swiss lives in Switzerland and a Somali in Somalia.
A Swiss person is a citizen of Switzerland.
A Swiss watch can't be made anywhere but in Switzerland.
A Swiss-born artist who got his first big break in 1955 in the United States, is back in the city of his first museum exhibit, New York. Sculptor, painter, draftsman Alberto Giacometti created most of his masterpieces in a tiny studio in Montparnasse in Paris, but his work has been closely connected with New York. The maestro's work returns to the U.S. this summer, as the Guggenheim Museum welcomes art lovers to an exhibition dedicated to Giacometti.
A Switzerland government-supported project has provided technical assistance in preparing the framework.
A T-shirt is not appropriate attire for a job interview.
A T-shirt isn't appropriate attire for a job interview.
A TV crew from Algiers will come to film the ceremony.
A TV set of this size will take little space.
A TXT file is a text file.
A Tamil Nadu state government official said Tuesday that the short-finned pilot whales began washing up on beaches Monday evening.
A Texas-based startup is giving consumers a unique way to memorialize their loved ones, by turning their cremated ashes into diamonds. Human ashes and even those from pets provide the starting material for diamonds that are grown in a lab. Tina Trinh interviews the founder of Eterneva, the company that provides this service, and a pet owner who is turning her dog’s ashes into a diamond.
A Thai Navy SEAL force announced that the remaining four boys and the coach were rescued on Tuesday.
A Thai fruit market is like a Disneyland of fruits.
A Transitional Council official told the press that he expects oil production to reach 1.6 million barrels per day within a year.
A Tuareg sword costs a lot.
A Turkish dictator made a law that his subjects, under pain of death, should change to European costume.
A Turkish soft G and a Spanish H eloped and had lots of completely silent children together.
A U.N. panel of experts warns that while Syria’s 10 year long civil conflict may have fallen off the world’s media spotlight, the fighting and suffering of millions of people is far from over.
A U.S. entrepreneur is taking advantage of a demand for American goods in Africa — creating an online portal for direct trade between the two continents.
A U.S. government report says the impacts of climate change, including powerful storms, droughts and wildfires, are worsening in the United States.
A U.S. senator is introducing legislation that would ban government employees from using the social media app TikTok on their government devices.
A U.S. spacecraft has landed on Mars to begin a three-month mission to search for traces of ancient water. The vehicle will eventually roam for dozens of kilometers to examine rocks for this evidence.
A U.S. spacecraft is returning to Earth with a precious cargo of stardust that was gathered during a 4.5 billion-kilometer roundtrip journey to a distant comet. Scientists around the world will examine the material to better understand the origins of our solar system.
A U.S. start-up has reverse-engineered the coffee bean, producing imitation coffee with the same flavor — but without the time, expense and environmental impact of using beans.
A U.S.-Russian space crew blasted off for the International Space Station (ISS) Thursday from Russia's Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.
A UFO is flying in the sky.
A UFO was hovering maybe forty yards from Boris.
A UN resolution on a no-fly zone in the area would be impossible to implement.
A UN resolution upgraded Palestine's status to a state.
A UN-led process began in late 2005 to determine Kosovo's final status.
A Ukrainian airliner was shot down by an Iranian missile.
A Union army doctor watched the battle from a distance.
A United Nations report released Monday said the world is failing to insure that by 2030 all children are receiving an “inclusive and equitable quality education and lifelong learning opportunities.”
A VC firm from Japan led the startup's latest round of funding.
A VOA news crew reached Majigaon Thursday after traveling for hours in an off-road vehicle over earthquake-damaged roads just cleared of landslides and then hiking down a steep path on a terraced paddy field.
A VOR check ensures the aircraft's navigation equipment is accurate and reliable. It must be done every 30 days if IFR operations are being conducted.
A Valentine card is supposed to be anonymous.
A Van Gogh painting was stolen from a Dutch museum.
A Venusian day is longer than a Venusian year.
A Vienna schnitzel, please.
A Virginia native, she transferred to the newly formed CIA in 1947 and rose steadily through its ranks—while never giving up her Southern drawl or ladylike white gloves.
A Volkswagen executive received a seven-year prison for his role in the Dieselgate scandal.
A WHO statement issued Monday says the agency found "extremely high levels of bromide" in blood plasma sampled from several patients affected with the illness.
A WMV file is a video file.
A World Health Organization independent committee of experts says the spread of monkeypox in a number of countries around the world is worrisome but does not constitute what the WHO calls a Public Health Emergency of International Concern.
A and B alternately roll an N-sided die, A always first. A game is lost by the first roll failing to better the previous. What is the probability that A wins?
A and B are letters.
A baby boy was born to them.
A baby camel is smaller than a young camel.
A baby camel is younger than a young camel.
A baby can't look after itself.
A baby comes to chew foods.
A baby craves its mother's milk.
A baby craves its mother’s milk.
A baby deer can stand as soon as it's born.
A baby deer can stand as soon as it’s born.
A baby does not know good or evil.
A baby fox is called a kit.
A baby giraffe grows an inch a day.
A baby giraffe is born to run.
A baby giraffe is extremely vulnerable to predators.
A baby has delicate skin.
A baby has no knowledge of good and evil.
A baby has no moral compass.
A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.
A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on.
A baby is adorable.
A baby is asleep in the cot.
A baby is incapable of taking care of itself.
A baby is sleeping in the cot.
A baby is sleeping in the cradle.
A baby rabbit had been caught in a trap.
A baby was born to them.
A baby was flung out of its mother's arms when a plane hit severe turbulence while commencing its descent prior to landing.
A baby was pulled alive from the rubble of the collapsed building.
A baby's cry is annoying.
A baby's laughter is the most pleasant sound you can hear. Except if it's three in the morning. And you're home alone. And you don't have a baby.
A back brace feels like a corset.
A back massage relaxes the muscles.
A background check is required.
A backronym is an acronym that's specially constructed to fit an existing word.
A bad apple tree gives bad apples.
A bad beginning makes a bad ending.
A bad carpenter quarrels with his tools.
A bad cold caused the singer to lose his voice.
A bad cold confined her to her bed.
A bad cold has kept me from studying this week.
A bad cold is going about now.
A bad cold prevented her from attending the class.
A bad compromise is better than a good lawsuit.
A bad fall from his skateboard left Tom paralyzed.
A bad feeling made its way into my head.
A bad habit is easily acquired.
A bad habit, once formed, cannot easily be got rid of.
A bad habit, once formed, is difficult to get rid of.
A bad horse eats as much as a good one.
A bad landlord makes his tenant a homeowner.
A bad life is better than a good death.
A bad man often has the reputation of a good man.
A bad penny always comes back.
A bad penny always turns up.
A bad person has turned once valuable things into junk.
A bad smell permeated the room.
A bad thing doesn't last forever.
A bad thing never dies.
A bad tradesman blames his tools.
A bad wife is like a pair of narrow shoes.
A bad wife is the shipwreck of her husband.
A bad wife turns her husband into a shipwreck.
A bad word continues to hurt for a very long time.
A bad workman always blames his tools.
A bad workman blames his tools.
A bad workman complains about his tools.
A bad workman complains of his tools.
A bad workman quarrels with his tools.
A bad writer sometimes makes a good critic in just the same way as a bad wine can make a good vinegar.
A bad writer's prose is full of hackneyed phrases.
A bad writer’s prose is full of hackneyed phrases.
A bad-faith lie is not an opinion worthy of consideration.
A bag came flying at Ziri. Fortunately, he dodged it just in time.
A bag of chips, please?
A baker's dozen is thirteen.
A balalaika has 3 strings, a bass guitar has 4, and a normal guitar has 6 or 7.
A balalaika has three strings, a bass guitar four, and a common guitar six or seven.
A balance can be positive or negative.
A balanced diet is chocolate in both hands.
A balanced diet supports healthy sperm production.
A balanced lifestyle enhances natural beauty.
A baler is used to compress hay into bales.
A ball flew in through the window.
A ball hit Tom's right leg.
A ball hit her on the right leg.
A ball hit her right leg.
A ball hit me in the back of the head while I was playing soccer.
A ball hit the back of my head while I was playing soccer.
A ball is floating down the river.
A ball-pen became a universal handwriting tool, replacing fountain pen.
A ballet theater is a place in which I can study motion.
A ballistic examination was carried out.
A balloon floats high in the air.
A balloon is air trapped within a skin.
A balloon is ascending into the sky.
A balloon was floating in the air.
A ballpoint pen is a technology. A plow is a technology. A can-opener is technology. There is always some level of technology. Someone told me that Western women do not want to live in the future. They like the past. But they have to choose a level of technology, just the same, as the horse and buggy are also just technology. Why should women have children if they do not believe in the future? There are religious groups, such as the Amish, who choose retrogressive technology.
A balmy breeze signaled summer's arrival.
A banana is delicious.
A banana is tasty.
A banana is yellow.
A banana tastes good.
A banana tree isn't broken by the weight of its bananas.
A band I used to like released a new album last week, so I gave it a listen, but their new sound was really underwhelming.
A band is a band.
A band led the parade through the city.
A band of heavy rain is approaching eastern counties.
A band of rain, heading eastwards, will reach all parts by the end of the day.
A band of robbers attacked the party.
A bandit will be the best underling.
A banging at the window broke the silence.
A bank in the tiny European state of Andorra has become the focus of investigations by the United States, Venezuela, and others as a locus of corruption activity.
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don’t need it.
A bank lends us money at interest.
A bank not too far from here got robbed yesterday.
A bank robbery took place here three days ago.
A bank was built to keep back the water of the river.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining, but wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
A banker need not be popular; indeed a good banker in a healthy capitalist society should probably be much disliked. People do not wish to trust their money to a hail-fellow-well-met but to a misanthrope who can say no.
A banker's life is difficult.
A banker's life is hard.
A banker’s life is difficult.
A banking scandal is sweeping across Capitol Hill.
A bar in Shanghai started selling my favorite beer, so I'll take the opportunity to taste some.
A bar is provided for those who like strong drinks.
A barber is a man who shaves and cuts men's hair.
A barber is a man who shaves and cuts men’s hair.
A barber needs to keep his towels soft and fluffy.
A bare word of criticism makes her nervous.
A bargain is a bargain.
A bargain! For the true connoisseur!
A barking dog does not bite.
A barking dog doesn't bite.
A barometer is an ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather we are having.
A barrage of rockets and mortars rained down on the Moroccan outpost.
A barrier, designed to deflect noise away from nearby houses, was erected along the edge of the freeway.
A base service performed for a person of very high degree may become a very honorific office; as for instance the office of a Maid of Honor or of a Lady in Waiting to the Queen, or the King's Master of the Horse or his Keeper of the Hounds.
A base service performed for a person of very high degree may become a very honorific office; as for instance the office of a Maid of Honor or of a Lady in Waiting to the Queen, or the King’s Master of the Horse or his Keeper of the Hounds.
A baseball came flying through the window.
A baseball came rolling to my feet.
A basket of Easter eggs will be raffled off this Sunday.
A basketball team consists of five players.
A bass drum, a snare drum, and cymbals were once all a composer needed to make a work sound exotic.
A bastard had to learn to notice things, to read the truth that people hid behind their eyes.
A bat bit Tom.
A bat flew past.
A bat flew.
A bat flying in the sky looks like a butterfly.
A bat hunts food and eats at night, but sleeps during the day.
A bat is no more a bird than a rat is.
A bat is not a bird any more than a fish is.
A bat is not a bird, but a mammal.
A bat's legs are made up of light weight bones. This bone structure is good for flying and hanging upside down.
A batch of students has just exposed all the deeds of our dean that he had been doing during his previous years of guidance.
A bath can help you decompress.
A battery blew up in Ziri's face.
A battle is a method of untying with the teeth a political knot that would not yield to the tongue.
A battle is not the war.
A battle of arms is often preceded by a battle of words.
A bead of sweat started forming on his brow.
A bead of sweat trickled down Tom's face.
A beam of light through the window woke the professor up out of a deep sleep.
A beam of sunlight came through the clouds.
A beam of white light is split by a prism into rays of various colors.
A bean can answer all the questions.
A bear attacked Tom.
A bear can climb a tree.
A bear can climb trees.
A bear can smell a man from miles away.
A bear crossed the highway.
A bear has escaped from the zoo.
A bear has one of the keenest noses in the animal kingdom.
A bear is a friendly beast compared to a tiger.
A bear is bigger than I.
A bear is bigger than a wolf.
A bear killed Tom.
A bear killed him.
A bear lives here.
A bear mauled Tom.
A bear mauled him.
A bear rushed through the trees.
A bear spends the winter in its lair.
A bear was crossing the highway.
A bear was making its way across the campsite.
A bear was walking through the forest and saw a burning car. He got inside and burned to death.
A bear will not touch a corpse.
A bear will not touch a dead body.
A bear wouldn't come so close to a campfire.
A bear wrote the story.
A beard does not make a philosopher.
A beard doesn't make a philosopher, nor does wearing a cheap coat.
A beard doesn't make a philosopher.
A beard doesn’t make a philosopher.
A beat of the wings, and eons are behind us!
A beautiful Georgian girl has joined us.
A beautiful church stands on the hill.
A beautiful couple before the altar.
A beautiful face can hide a cruel heart.
A beautiful face is half of the dowry.
A beautiful failure is better than an ugly success.
A beautiful girl sat next to me.
A beautiful gull flies over the sea.
A beautiful hostess waited on us.
A beautiful lake lay just beyond the forest.
A beautiful lake lies just beyond the forest.
A beautiful object like that never loses its value.
A beautiful pair of glasses caught her eye at the store.
A beautiful place in my university, UBC, is the Japanese garden with a teahouse.
A beautiful rainbow is spanning the sky.
A beautiful salesgirl waited on me in the shop.
A beautiful sunset, isn't it?
A beautiful sunset, isn’t it?
A beautiful valley lies behind the hill.
A beautiful view.
A beautiful virgin is half a dowry.
A beautiful woman arrived in a cold desert and found warmth and love there.
A beautiful woman in a red dress is a tempting combination.
A beautiful woman like you shouldn't be eating alone.
A beautiful woman stepped out of the limo.
A beautiful woman was seated one row in front of me.
A beautiful young lady met one of the Lords of Ravenswood while hunting near this spot, and, like a second Egeria, had captivated the affections of the feudal Numa.
A beautiful young lady met one of the Lords of Ravenswood while hunting near this spot.
A beaver may get crushed by a falling tree.
A beaver needs to fell hundreds of trees to dam a river.
A beaver's fur is very soft.
A bed of leaves covers the pavement.
A bedroom is for sleeping.
A bee buzzes.
A bee flew in.
A bee flew out of the window.
A bee has just stung me.
A bee is buzzing around.
A bee is buzzing.
A bee is not a bird.
A bee only stings if it is attacked.
A bee sting can be very painful.
A bee sting is a painful thing.
A bee stung Tom.
A bee stung him.
A bee stung me.
A beekeeper is a person that works with bees.
A beer and two tonics please.
A beer for me, please!
A beer today or a degree tomorrow?
A beer, please.
A being without suffering is a being without a heart.
A belief is purely an individual matter, and you cannot and must not organize it. If you do, it becomes dead, crystallized; it becomes a creed, a sect, a religion, to be imposed on others.
A bell rang.
A bell tower overlooks the picturesque lanes and alleyways of the medieval heart of the city.
A belly button piercing could take more than six months to heal.
A belly button piercing isn't very painful.
A belly button piercing takes several months to heal.
A beloved meeting spot for generations of New Yorkers, the Waldorf Astoria clock has recently undergone a meticulous restoration and is on view at the New York Historical Society.
A beloved meeting spot for generations of New Yorkers, the hotel clock has recently undergone a meticulous restoration and is on view at the New York Historical Society.
A belt and braces approach is better.
A belt and suspenders aren't worn together.
A belt keeps your pants from falling down.
A bento is a small meal made of boiled rice and seaweed, that is sold in cheap wooden boxes.
A beta version has been released, so I'll try it right away.
A better friend came along.
A better way can always be found.
A better world begins in your own heart.
A better world for women is a better world for all of us.
A better world for women is a better world for all.
A better world for women is a better world for everyone.
A better world is possible.
A bicycle is faster than a car.
A bicycle race was held in Nagoya last year.
A bicycle runs on fat and saves you money; a car runs on money and makes you fat.
A bicycle will rust if you leave it in the rain.
A big animal broke out of the zoo.
A big animal ran away from the zoo.
A big beast ran, killed and ate a small beast.
A big bomb fell, and a great many people lost their lives.
A big box is moving.
A big bridge was built over the river.
A big canoe was cutting through the water.
A big car drew up and a tall lady got out.
A big car flew off the road today.
A big car needs a lot of fuel.
A big city is full of snatchers.
A big conservation issue is the co-existence of people and animals.
A big crowd gathered at the scene of the fire.
A big crowd had soon gathered at the scene of the accident.
A big crowd of people collected to watch the festival.
A big crowd stood in the street.
A big day awaits us.
A big dog attacked Tom.
A big dog is always beside him.
A big dog, sitting on its tail, was watching the fire.
A big earthquake occurred in India yesterday.
A big earthquake occurred in Tokyo.
A big fat fuck does a mukbang video and everyone loves it.
A big fire broke out after the earthquake.
A big fuss about nothing.
A big house will be built.
A big man is not always robust.
A big meal always makes me so sleepy.
A big party will be thrown to celebrate the happy event.
A big red fish is swimming about in the pond.
A big rig jackknifed on Park Street this morning; commuters are urged to use Main Street as an alternate route.
A big rock came on and hit Yanni's windshield.
A big rock caused a bullseye in Yanni's windshield.
A big rock is blocking the road.
A big rock rose out of the sea.
A big rock stuck out from the bank into the river.
A big seed fell on me.
A big ship appeared on the horizon.
A big ship is anchored near here.
A big ship needs a big sea.
A big ship, like a large airplane, has an enormous reynolds number; airships and low-mass submersibles are quite different.
A big spider is hiding behind the cupboard.
A big spider lives behind the chest of drawers.
A big spider was spinning a web.
A big surprise was waiting for Fadil at home.
A big surprise was waiting for me at home.
A big swelling has appeared on her back.
A big tear rolled down my cheek.
A big thank you for your interest.
A big thank you from my family and me for everything you've done for us.
A big thank you to Mary for spearheading this initiative!
A big thank you to everyone who helped me!
A big thanks for your help.
A big three-masted ship lay close by with only a single sail set, for there was not a breath of wind.
A big title does not necessarily mean a high position.
A big top is being put up in the field.
A big tree fell in the storm.
A big tree had fallen across the road and was in my way as I drove.
A big tree has fallen in the storm.
A big tree in the field was struck by lightning.
A big typhoon is approaching.
A big typhoon is coming on.
A big van appeared on the street corner.
A big wave swept the man off the boat.
A big wave turned over his canoe.
A big wave turned the ferry over.
A big wet stain was on the round carpet.
A big, black spider hung from the ceiling.
A big-toe nail takes months to grow back.
A bigger harvest should help offset the expected drop in crop prices.
A bight is a long, gradual bend or recess in the shoreline that forms a large, open bay.
A bike path collapsed in Rio.
A bike path goes right past my house.
A bilabial consonant is articulated with both lips.
A bilateral salpingectomy, which is the surgical removal of both Fallopian tubes, will result in sterility.
A bilingual person can change from one language to another in the middle of a sentence, and this code-switching is a topic of study for linguists.
A bill came along with the package.
A billion adults are illiterate.
A billion international auxiliary languages is never enough.
A billion is equal to a thousand millions.
A billion people speak the English language.
A billion seconds is slightly more than 31 years and 8 months.
A bio-diverse ecosystem is often a delicate balance, and it doesn’t take much to upset it. In her research, co-author Diane Srivastava has studied the cascading effects of extinction. In one experiment, the University of British Columbia ecologist removed the ecosystem’s top predator — a damsel fly larva — from a single bromeliad plant — with surprising results.
A biochemist gathers mutants for everything as if they were ingredients for a recipe.
A biodiversity sanctuary in Brazil called The Pantanal is threatened by deforestation.
A biopsy specimen was obtained and sent to Pathology where it was sectioned and stained with hematoxylin and eosin.
A bird can fly.
A bird can glide through the air without moving its wings.
A bird flew high up in the sky.
A bird flew into the room.
A bird flew into the tree.
A bird flew into the window.
A bird flew past the window.
A bird flies and a boy runs.
A bird flies.
A bird flying out of the water is careful not to cause turbulence.
A bird greeted her with its joyful tweeting.
A bird has wings.
A bird in hand is better than two in the bush.
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
A bird in one's hand is worth two in the bush!
A bird in the hand is better than two in the bush.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
A bird is flying and a boy is running.
A bird is flying.
A bird is incessantly singing on my balcony.
A bird is known by its note, and a man by his talk.
A bird is known by its song and a man by his way of talking.
A bird is known by its song, and a man by his words.
A bird is singing in the tree.
A bird is twittering in the tree.
A bird knows how to fly.
A bird pooped on the windshield.
A bird shat on Vladimir Vladimirovich.
A bird shat on my aunt's car.
A bird sings as its beak grows.
A bird sings.
A bird soared above.
A bird was caught by a cat.
A bird was flying high up in the sky.
A bird was flying in the sky.
A bird was perched on the road sign.
A bird with tangled wings cannot fly.
A bird's-eye view of a large city in Japan presents an appearance quite unlike that presented by any large assemblage of buildings at home. A view of Tokio, for example, from some elevated point reveals a vast sea of roofs, the gray of the shingles and dark slate-color of the tiles, with dull reflections from their surfaces, giving a sombre effect to the whole. The even expanse is broken here and there by the fire-proof buildings, with their ponderous tiled roofs and ridges and pure white or jet-black walls. These, though in color adding to the sombre appearance, form, with the exception of the temples, one of the most conspicuous features in the general monotony. The temples are indeed conspicuous, as they tower far above the pigmy dwellings which surround them. Their great black roofs, with massive ridges and ribs, and grand sweeps and white or red gables, render them striking objects from whatever point they are viewed. Green masses of tree-foliage springing from the numerous gardens add some life to this gray sea of domiciles.
A bird, in a cage very little bigger than himself, makes a mournful rattle now and then in hopping on his perch, two inches high, or dropping from it; but neither sings nor chirps.
A birthday cake with twelve candles on top.
A bishop can never end up on an opposite-colored square.
A bishop can never end up on an opposite-coloured square.
A bishop covers 7 to 13 squares.
A bishop that is trapped by its own pawns and so has little mobility is called a bad-squared bishop.
A bit early, isn't it?
A bit more chocolate please.
A bit more time went by.
A bit of coffee?
A bit of colour would do your flat some good.
A bit of courage!
A bit of help here would be appreciated.
A bit of help here would be welcome.
A bit of help here wouldn't go amiss.
A bit of humility never hurt anyone.
A bit of juice, please.
A bit of oil sloshed out of the skillet when I dropped the chicken breasts in.
A bit of paint would do your flat some good.
A bit of paint would make this room look a little better.
A bit of peace and quiet is welcome in this godless world.
A bit of poetry is always a pleasure.
A bit of sympathy wouldn't go amiss.
A bit of sympathy wouldn't hurt.
A bit rude to put that knife in my chest, no?
A bitch is a bitch!
A bitter winter is setting in.
A black SUV pulled up in front of the hotel.
A black and white dog bit me.
A black and white print compared to a colour print is less expensive.
A black and white print costs less than a colour print.
A black and white print is cheaper than a colour print.
A black and white print is less expensive than a colour print.
A black announcer at CNN said, "Your body's not poor" or "You don't have a poor body." Indeed, if we think about our physicality, we wonder if it's optimal. Are we the right size, the right colour, the right age, the right whatever, etc.?
A black bear is sitting in a tree and sleeping.
A black bear roamed the forest.
A black car stopped next to the hospital.
A black cat crossed our way.
