I'm sure Tom wouldn't mind.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't object to that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't permit Mary to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't permit me to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't want to offend anyone.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't want you to catch cold.
I'm sure Tom's answer is right.
I'm sure Tom's answer would have been no.
I'm sure Tom's answer would've been no.
I'm sure Tom's fine.
I'm sure Tom's mother is proud.
I'm sure Tom's name is on the list.
I'm sure Tom's name isn't on the list.
I'm sure Ziri has a lot of explaining to do.
I'm sure a few of them are good people.
I'm sure a lot of people think that way.
I'm sure a lot of people would agree with you.
I'm sure a solution can be found.
I'm sure about his name.
I'm sure about that.
I'm sure about this.
I'm sure all of you know Berber.
I'm sure both Tom and Mary are OK.
I'm sure both Tom and Mary could do that.
I'm sure both Tom and Mary have plans to do that.
I'm sure both Tom and Mary have to do that.
I'm sure both of you will do well.
I'm sure everyone understands.
I'm sure everyone understood.
I'm sure everyone will make it on time.
I'm sure everyone would agree.
I'm sure everyone's hungry.
I'm sure everything will be OK now.
I'm sure everything will be OK.
I'm sure everything will be fine now.
I'm sure everything will be fine.
I'm sure everything will be just fine.
I'm sure everything will take a turn for the better.
I'm sure everything will turn out all right in the end.
I'm sure everything will turn out well.
I'm sure everything will work out for you.
I'm sure everything will work out in the end.
I'm sure everything will work out just fine.
I'm sure everything will work out.
I'm sure everything you need is here.
I'm sure everything'll be OK.
I'm sure everything'll be okay.
I'm sure everything's OK.
I'm sure everything's fine.
I'm sure everything's just fine.
I'm sure glad I don't live in Australia.
I'm sure glad I don't live in Boston.
I'm sure glad I found you.
I'm sure glad Tom and Mary are feeling better.
I'm sure glad Tom is feeling better.
I'm sure glad no one died.
I'm sure glad no one was hurt.
I'm sure glad no one was injured.
I'm sure glad no one was killed.
I'm sure glad that I don't live in Australia.
I'm sure glad that's over with.
I'm sure glad that's over.
I'm sure glad to see you.
I'm sure going to miss Tom.
I'm sure going to miss her.
I'm sure going to miss him.
I'm sure going to miss them.
I'm sure going to miss you.
I'm sure happy to see you.
I'm sure he can give you a good game of tennis.
I'm sure he didn't do that on purpose.
I'm sure he didn't say that.
I'm sure he doesn't want to be alone on New Year's Eve.
I'm sure he has other skills.
I'm sure he has something up his sleeve.
I'm sure he is a man of ability.
I'm sure he is guilty of the murder.
I'm sure he is holding back something from us.
I'm sure he is keeping something from me.
I'm sure he isn't totally innocent.
I'm sure he knows what he's doing.
I'm sure he mistook me for my sister.
I'm sure he never tells the truth.
I'm sure he trusts you.
I'm sure he wanted to come.
I'm sure he will carry out his promise.
I'm sure he will come tomorrow.
I'm sure he will come.
I'm sure he will go far in the business world.
I'm sure he will lend you a book.
I'm sure he will make good in the new job.
I'm sure he will reveal his true nature.
I'm sure he will show his true nature.
I'm sure he won't fail to keep his word.
I'm sure he won't mind.
I'm sure he would approve.
I'm sure he'll accept our invitation.
I'm sure he'll be along soon.
I'm sure he'll be as good as his word.
I'm sure he'll be delighted to meet you.
I'm sure he'll be delighted to see you.
I'm sure he'll be pleased to hear that.
I'm sure he'll be very pleased.
I'm sure he'll catch at this offer.
I'm sure he'll come.
I'm sure he'll feel better in a few days.
I'm sure he'll go.
I'm sure he'll have some fresh ideas on the subject.
I'm sure he'll leave early.
I'm sure he'll like it.
I'm sure he'll pass his exam.
I'm sure he'll pass the coming exam.
I'm sure he'll pass the exam.
I'm sure he'll pass the next exam.
I'm sure he'll pass the upcoming exam.
I'm sure he'll take part in the competition.
I'm sure he's alive.
I'm sure he's angry with me.
I'm sure he's coming.
I'm sure he's going to be somebody someday.
I'm sure he's got over his cold.
I'm sure he's innocent.
I'm sure he's sleeping soundly.
I'm sure he's wrong.
I'm sure his brother is very young.
I'm sure his chemistry teacher would have failed him had they survived the tragic explosion.
I'm sure his name is Tom.
I'm sure if there was a problem, he would have called.
I'm sure if you asked Tom, he'd say yes.
I'm sure if you met an American or a foreigner, he would ask you if you speak English.
I'm sure if you put your mind to it, you can do it.
I'm sure it broke during shipping.
I'm sure it can be done.
I'm sure it can wait a few minutes.
I'm sure it costs a pretty penny. I'll pass.
I'm sure it could be arranged.
I'm sure it didn't come easy.
I'm sure it got broken during shipping.
I'm sure it is.
I'm sure it isn't true.
I'm sure it must be true from all that I've heard.
I'm sure it must have been very disturbing.
I'm sure it must've been very disturbing.
I'm sure it still happens.
I'm sure it was Tom that I saw in the park.
I'm sure it was a coincidence.
I'm sure it was a mistake.
I'm sure it was an accident.
I'm sure it was done deliberately.
I'm sure it was just a misunderstanding.
I'm sure it was just a terrible accident.
I'm sure it was nothing.
I'm sure it was worth it.
I'm sure it wasn't difficult to do that.
I'm sure it wasn't easy.
I'm sure it wasn't hard to do that.
I'm sure it wasn't intentional.
I'm sure it wasn't me who broke this.
I'm sure it wasn't me who did that.
I'm sure it wasn't me who said that.
I'm sure it will all work out fine.
I'm sure it will be fine.
I'm sure it will get better.
I'm sure it will help you a lot!
I'm sure it won't be difficult to do that.
I'm sure it won't be easy to do that.
I'm sure it won't be hard to do that.
I'm sure it would be a mistake to tell Tom.
I'm sure it would mean a lot to Mary if you'd visit her in the hospital.
I'm sure it would mean a lot to Tom and Mary if you'd visit them in the hospital.
I'm sure it would mean a lot to Tom if you'd visit him in the hospital.
I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to find another place to live.
I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to find out who hacked into our system.
I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to learn how to use that application.
I'm sure it wouldn't do any good.
I'm sure it wouldn't interest anyone.
I'm sure it'll all blow over.
I'm sure it'll all work out.
I'm sure it'll be difficult to convince Tom to do that.
I'm sure it'll be difficult to do that.
I'm sure it'll be easy to convince Tom to do that.
I'm sure it'll be easy to do that.
I'm sure it'll be easy to find a place.
I'm sure it'll be easy.
I'm sure it'll be fine.
I'm sure it'll be hard to convince Tom to do that.
I'm sure it'll be hard to do that.
I'm sure it'll be over soon.
I'm sure it'll come in handy.
I'm sure it'll get better.
I'm sure it'll happen.
I'm sure it'll pass.
I'm sure it'll work out, so muster your courage!
I'm sure it's Tom's fault.
I'm sure it's a coincidence.
I'm sure it's a good one.
I'm sure it's a misunderstanding.
I'm sure it's all a mistake.
I'm sure it's around here somewhere.
I'm sure it's going to be just fine.
I'm sure it's inconvenient.
I'm sure it's just a misunderstanding.
I'm sure it's just temporary.
I'm sure it's never been cleaned.
I'm sure it's not that bad.
I'm sure it's not true.
I'm sure it's nothing serious.
I'm sure it's nothing that can't wait.
I'm sure it's nothing.
I'm sure it's personal.
I'm sure it's tough taking part in the activities of two clubs, but good luck!
I'm sure many things will change soon.
I'm sure my daughter will pass the exam.
I'm sure my family is looking for me.
I'm sure my parents won't let me go by myself.
I'm sure my passport is in this room somewhere.
I'm sure my passport is somewhere in this room.
I'm sure my wallet was on top of the dresser.
I'm sure no one here stole your wallet.
I'm sure no one meant to blame you.
I'm sure no one will mind.
I'm sure nobody will mind.
I'm sure of her success.
I'm sure of his returning home safely.
I'm sure of his success.
I'm sure of his working for our company.
I'm sure of it.
I'm sure of it. No question. There is absolutely no doubt in my mind.
I'm sure of my rights.
I'm sure of my sentence.
I'm sure of that.
I'm sure of the fact.
I'm sure of this.
I'm sure of winning the championship.
I'm sure of winning the tennis match.
I'm sure of your success.
I'm sure once Tom gets here, everything will be OK.
I'm sure one of us will be in Boston next Monday.
I'm sure other people have told you this, but you're really beautiful.
I'm sure people ask you this question all the time, but it's all that comes to mind right now.
I'm sure people would live twice as long if they stopped getting themselves worked up over everything.
I'm sure she did that on purpose.
I'm sure she doesn't have an alcohol problem.
I'm sure she doesn't want to. She hesitated a bit too long before answering.
I'm sure she has other skills.
I'm sure she is going to sing at church tomorrow.
I'm sure she knows more than she's letting on.
I'm sure she knows that I did not want this.
I'm sure she loves me.
I'm sure she will become a great singer.
I'm sure she will come.
I'm sure she will return soon.
I'm sure she will turn up soon.
I'm sure she won't come and meet you.
I'm sure she won't like the book.
I'm sure she won't like this book.
I'm sure she won't mind.
I'm sure she would approve.
I'm sure she'll be delighted to meet you.
I'm sure she'll be delighted to see you.
I'm sure she'll be pleased to hear that.
I'm sure she'll cause a stir in the Tokyo fashion world.
I'm sure she'll do great, long as you don't hold any expectations.
I'm sure she'll feel better in a few days.
I'm sure she'll forgive you if you explain everything to her.
I'm sure she'll get over her illness soon.
I'm sure she'll have a perfectly innocent explanation.
I'm sure she'll have some perfectly innocent explanation.
I'm sure she'll leave early.
I'm sure she'll like it.
I'm sure she's got to the village by now.
I'm sure she's right.
I'm sure she's sleeping soundly.
I'm sure she's very busy.
I'm sure somebody will cry.
I'm sure somebody will do it.
I'm sure somebody will do that for Tom.
I'm sure somebody will do that for us.
I'm sure somebody will do that.
I'm sure somebody will help Tom and Mary do that.
I'm sure somebody will help Tom do that.
I'm sure somebody will help you do that.
I'm sure someone was just here.
I'm sure someone will do it.
I'm sure someone will do that for Tom.
I'm sure someone will do that for us.
I'm sure someone will do that.
I'm sure someone will help Tom and Mary do that.
I'm sure someone will help Tom do that.
I'm sure someone will help you do that.
I'm sure something can be worked out.
I'm sure something will turn up.
I'm sure something will work out for you.
I'm sure that Hamlet wasn't mad at first. But could it be that he played it so well that he began believing it himself?
I'm sure that I calculated the bill correctly.
I'm sure that I can defeat Tom.
I'm sure that I can do that again.
I'm sure that I can do that tomorrow.
I'm sure that I can do that.
I'm sure that I can get Tom to take a picture of us.
I'm sure that I can get away with it.
I'm sure that I can get in touch with Tom.
I'm sure that I can handle it.
I'm sure that I can help you today.
I'm sure that I can overcome any difficulty.
I'm sure that I can't do that.
I'm sure that I could convince Tom to do that.
I'm sure that I didn't say that.
I'm sure that I drank more than Tom did last night.
I'm sure that I no longer need to do that.
I'm sure that I told you about that.
I'm sure that I won't be able to do that.
I'm sure that I won't be as busy tomorrow as I was today.
I'm sure that I won't be the first one to do that.
I'm sure that I won't forget to do that.
I'm sure that I would not get through my test tomorrow.
I'm sure that I'll be able to do that.
I'm sure that I'll eventually go to Australia. I just don't know when.
I'm sure that I'll find a good gift for Tom.
I'm sure that I'll get a gift from Tom.
I'm sure that I'll miss Australia.
I'm sure that I'll miss Boston.
I'm sure that I'll miss Tom a lot.
I'm sure that I'll miss her a lot.
I'm sure that I'll pass the exam.
I'm sure that I'll pass the examination.
I'm sure that I'll see Tom again.
I'm sure that I'll win that tennis match.
I'm sure that I'll win the tennis match.
I'm sure that I'm not going to pass my exam tomorrow.
I'm sure that I'm right.
I'm sure that I'm wrong.
I'm sure that I've seen this shirt in the warehouse.
I'm sure that Lucy will marry the pop singer.
I'm sure that Mary appreciates everything you do for her.
I'm sure that Mary can take care of herself.
I'm sure that Mary will be delighted to see you.
I'm sure that Mary will do very well.
I'm sure that Sami will call.
I'm sure that Ted's cough is due to smoking.
I'm sure that Tom agreed to do that.
I'm sure that Tom already knows what to do.
I'm sure that Tom and John are very busy men.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary appreciate everything you do for them.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary are busy.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary are honest.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary are just hungry as the rest of us are.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary are just tired as you are.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary have a lot to talk about.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary have been here before.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary have never done that.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary haven't done that.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary will be late.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary will get along well.
I'm sure that Tom appreciates everything you do for him.
I'm sure that Tom can do it.
I'm sure that Tom can do that again.
I'm sure that Tom can do that.
I'm sure that Tom can fix this.
I'm sure that Tom can handle everything.
I'm sure that Tom can handle it.
I'm sure that Tom can help us.
I'm sure that Tom can help you find a job.
I'm sure that Tom can swim.
I'm sure that Tom can take care of himself.
I'm sure that Tom can win.
I'm sure that Tom can't do that.
I'm sure that Tom can't win.
I'm sure that Tom could help you with that.
I'm sure that Tom could show you how to do that.
I'm sure that Tom did it.
I'm sure that Tom did that.
I'm sure that Tom did the best he could.
I'm sure that Tom did this.
I'm sure that Tom didn't do that.
I'm sure that Tom didn't intend to hurt your feelings.
I'm sure that Tom didn't mean to be disrespectful.
I'm sure that Tom didn't mean to do that.
I'm sure that Tom didn't mean to hurt you.
I'm sure that Tom didn't win.
I'm sure that Tom doesn't hate Mary.
I'm sure that Tom doesn't like Mary.
I'm sure that Tom doesn't think that.
I'm sure that Tom doesn't want it.
I'm sure that Tom doesn't want this.
I'm sure that Tom doesn't want to be in Australia next Monday.
I'm sure that Tom doesn't want to be in Australia now.
I'm sure that Tom doesn't want to miss that.
I'm sure that Tom doesn't want to miss this.
I'm sure that Tom feels the same way I do.
I'm sure that Tom feels the same way that I do.
I'm sure that Tom feels the same way that you do.
I'm sure that Tom feels the same way you do.
I'm sure that Tom had a good reason for doing that.
I'm sure that Tom had a good reason for doing what he did.
I'm sure that Tom had a lot of fun doing that.
I'm sure that Tom had nothing to do with that.
I'm sure that Tom has a pension.
I'm sure that Tom has never been to Australia.
I'm sure that Tom has never been to Boston.
I'm sure that Tom has never done that.
I'm sure that Tom has other skills.
I'm sure that Tom has to do that again.
I'm sure that Tom has to do that.
I'm sure that Tom hasn't done that.
I'm sure that Tom is a very busy man.
I'm sure that Tom is aware Mary is in the hospital.
I'm sure that Tom is aware that Mary is in the hospital.
I'm sure that Tom is busy.
I'm sure that Tom is clever.
I'm sure that Tom is correct.
I'm sure that Tom is grateful for everything you've done for him.
I'm sure that Tom is grateful for everything you've done.
I'm sure that Tom is guilty.
I'm sure that Tom is happy.
I'm sure that Tom is honest.
I'm sure that Tom is just hungry as the rest of us are.
I'm sure that Tom is just tired as you are.
I'm sure that Tom is right.
I'm sure that Tom is waiting for you.
I'm sure that Tom is wrong.
I'm sure that Tom isn't going to be scared.
I'm sure that Tom isn't going to help Mary do that.
I'm sure that Tom knew that already.
I'm sure that Tom knew that was going to happen.
I'm sure that Tom knows right from wrong.
I'm sure that Tom knows that already.
I'm sure that Tom knows that.
I'm sure that Tom knows the truth.
I'm sure that Tom knows what to do.
I'm sure that Tom lied to you.
I'm sure that Tom made that story up.
I'm sure that Tom mistook me for my brother.
I'm sure that Tom needs to do that again.
I'm sure that Tom needs to do that.
I'm sure that Tom ought to do that again.
I'm sure that Tom remembers you.
I'm sure that Tom should do that again.
I'm sure that Tom should do that.
I'm sure that Tom told the truth.
I'm sure that Tom trusts you.
I'm sure that Tom understands what needs to be done.
I'm sure that Tom wants to do that again.
I'm sure that Tom was in Australia at that time.
I'm sure that Tom was lying to me.
I'm sure that Tom wasn't surprised Mary didn't show up.
I'm sure that Tom wasn't surprised that Mary didn't show up.
I'm sure that Tom wasn't the one who painted that picture.
I'm sure that Tom went to Boston.
I'm sure that Tom will agree to do that.
I'm sure that Tom will agree to let Mary do that.
I'm sure that Tom will agree with me.
I'm sure that Tom will agree.
I'm sure that Tom will ask Mary to go to the concert with him.
I'm sure that Tom will be able to do that.
I'm sure that Tom will be able to help us.
I'm sure that Tom will be able to persuade Mary to go to Australia with him.
I'm sure that Tom will be at the party tonight.
I'm sure that Tom will be at the party.
I'm sure that Tom will be back tomorrow.
I'm sure that Tom will be back.
I'm sure that Tom will be delighted to see you.
I'm sure that Tom will be disappointed when he hears that.
I'm sure that Tom will be eager to do that.
I'm sure that Tom will be happy to do that for you.
I'm sure that Tom will be happy to show you how to do that.
I'm sure that Tom will be here soon.
I'm sure that Tom will be here tomorrow.
I'm sure that Tom will be in Australia next Monday.
I'm sure that Tom will be invited too.
I'm sure that Tom will be irritated by the traffic noise.
I'm sure that Tom will be on time.
I'm sure that Tom will be pleased to hear that.
I'm sure that Tom will be very happy to see you.
I'm sure that Tom will call.
I'm sure that Tom will change his mind.
I'm sure that Tom will come back as soon as he realizes he left his briefcase here.
I'm sure that Tom will come back as soon as he realizes that he left his briefcase here.
I'm sure that Tom will come back soon.
I'm sure that Tom will come on time.
I'm sure that Tom will come to the party.
I'm sure that Tom will come tomorrow.
I'm sure that Tom will come.
I'm sure that Tom will cry.
I'm sure that Tom will do a very nice job.
I'm sure that Tom will do just fine.
I'm sure that Tom will do much better next time.
I'm sure that Tom will do that again.
I'm sure that Tom will do that for you if you ask him to.
I'm sure that Tom will do that soon.
I'm sure that Tom will do that sooner or later.
I'm sure that Tom will do that.
I'm sure that Tom will do the right thing.
I'm sure that Tom will do very well.
I'm sure that Tom will do what he promised he'd do.
I'm sure that Tom will explain it to you eventually.
I'm sure that Tom will get angry.
I'm sure that Tom will get the job.
I'm sure that Tom will go to Australia.
I'm sure that Tom will happy to do that for Mary.
I'm sure that Tom will have a perfectly innocent explanation.
I'm sure that Tom will know how to do that.
I'm sure that Tom will know the answer.
I'm sure that Tom will leave early.
I'm sure that Tom will like his new room.
I'm sure that Tom will like it.
I'm sure that Tom will like what you made for him.
I'm sure that Tom will pass the examination.
I'm sure that Tom will pass the test.
I'm sure that Tom will pass the upcoming exam.
I'm sure that Tom will refuse to do that.
I'm sure that Tom will return soon.
I'm sure that Tom will succeed.
I'm sure that Tom will think it's great.
I'm sure that Tom will think of something.
I'm sure that Tom will think that we shouldn't do that.
I'm sure that Tom will think we shouldn't do that.
I'm sure that Tom will turn up soon.
I'm sure that Tom will visit Australia.
I'm sure that Tom will win the tennis match.
I'm sure that Tom will win.
I'm sure that Tom won't be able to do that.
I'm sure that Tom won't be able to understand what we're talking about.
I'm sure that Tom won't be here this afternoon.
I'm sure that Tom won't be in Australia next Monday.
I'm sure that Tom won't be in Australia now.
I'm sure that Tom won't be scared.
I'm sure that Tom won't be the first one to do that.
I'm sure that Tom won't do that for me.
I'm sure that Tom won't do that.
I'm sure that Tom won't force anybody to do that.
I'm sure that Tom won't force anyone to do that.
I'm sure that Tom won't forget to do that.
I'm sure that Tom won't help Mary do that.
I'm sure that Tom won't lend me his car.
I'm sure that Tom won't let us down today.
I'm sure that Tom won't let us down.
I'm sure that Tom won't like the wine that you brought.
I'm sure that Tom won't like the wine you brought.
I'm sure that Tom won't like this book.
I'm sure that Tom won't mind.
I'm sure that Tom won't tell Mary.
I'm sure that Tom won't want to sing that song.
I'm sure that Tom would approve.
I'm sure that Tom would be able to help me if he were here.
I'm sure that Tom would be disappointed to hear that.
I'm sure that Tom would be willing to do that for you.
I'm sure that Tom would do that for you.
I'm sure that Tom would like to do that.
I'm sure that Tom would like to go.
I'm sure that Tom would love to go to Boston with you.
I'm sure that Tom would never even consider taking that job.
I'm sure that Tom would want you to go.
I'm sure that Tom would've helped us if he'd had time.
I'm sure that Tom wouldn't be in Australia now.
I'm sure that Tom wouldn't mind doing that for Mary.
I'm sure that a lot of people think that way.
I'm sure that a solution can be found.
I'm sure that better times are on the way.
I'm sure that both of you will do well.
I'm sure that by the time you get here, we'll be ready.
I'm sure that dress will look good on Mary.
I'm sure that family is familiar with Japanese tastes in food. They've hosted quite a few Japanese exchange students.
I'm sure that guy must get picked on at school.
I'm sure that he is clever.
I'm sure that he went to Tokyo.
I'm sure that he will take part in the contest.
I'm sure that he'll come on time.
I'm sure that he'll come to the party.
I'm sure that he'll come.
I'm sure that he'll get angry.
I'm sure that he'll succeed.
I'm sure that he's happy.
I'm sure that if the two of them compromised a little, this project would be a great success. That's just how it feels.
I'm sure that if you lived in Algeria, you could understand that feeling.
I'm sure that if you work hard you'll succeed.
I'm sure that is the truth.
I'm sure that isn't going to happen.
I'm sure that isn't true.
I'm sure that isn't what Tom meant.
I'm sure that it won't be difficult to do that.
I'm sure that it won't be easy to do that.
I'm sure that it won't be hard to do that.
I'm sure that it'll be fun!
I'm sure that it'll be fun.
I'm sure that it'll be over soon.
I'm sure that my daughter will pass the exam.
I'm sure that my friend already heard about this.
I'm sure that never actually happened.
I'm sure that once Tom gets here, everything will be OK.
I'm sure that one of us will be in Boston next Monday.
I'm sure that other people have told you this, but you're really beautiful.
I'm sure that our team will win.
I'm sure that she has arrived at the village by now.
I'm sure that she will come back soon.
I'm sure that she will get angry.
I'm sure that she will not come to see you.
I'm sure that she'll make good in the new job.
I'm sure that she's correct.
I'm sure that she's innocent.
I'm sure that shirt will look good on you.
I'm sure that somebody will do it.
I'm sure that someone will do it.
I'm sure that soon the situation will be better.
I'm sure that that wasn't what Tom said.
I'm sure that that won't happen today.
I'm sure that that won't happen.
I'm sure that that'll eventually happen.
I'm sure that that'll happen eventually.
I'm sure that that'll happen.
I'm sure that that's what Tom wants to do.
I'm sure that the culprit is Tom.
I'm sure that the last time we had a drought like this was in 1998.
I'm sure that the meeting will be over soon.
I'm sure that the neighborhood kids feel the same way.
I'm sure that the police will catch the robber eventually.
I'm sure that the police will eventually catch the robber.
I'm sure that the product will do well.
I'm sure that the traffic noise will irritate Tom.
I'm sure that there was a good reason for Tom to do that.
I'm sure that there's a perfectly reasonable explanation why Tom did that.
I'm sure that they will get angry.
I'm sure that they will get married.
I'm sure that they will pass the test.
I'm sure that they'll come back for us.
I'm sure that things will soon get better.
I'm sure that this article will make you reconsider your views about Algeria.
I'm sure that this book will be of great use to you.
I'm sure that this can be fixed.
I'm sure that this is a fresh water fish.
I'm sure that this is some kind of mistake.
I'm sure that this is where I parked my car.
I'm sure that this isn't Tom's.
I'm sure that this isn't Tom.
I'm sure that this was done by Tom.
I'm sure that three years from now Tom will still be living in the same place.
I'm sure that tomorrow I'm not going to pass my exam.
I'm sure that was Tom.
I'm sure that was helpful.
I'm sure that was her.
I'm sure that was him.
I'm sure that was the reason.
I'm sure that was them.
I'm sure that wasn't Tom's dog.
I'm sure that wasn't intentional.
I'm sure that wasn't part of the plan.
I'm sure that wasn't what Tom said.
I'm sure that wasn't what Tom wanted to hear.
I'm sure that we can figure out a way to get this done.
I'm sure that we can make do with what we have.
I'm sure that we can manage that.
I'm sure that we can work it out.
I'm sure that we have a lot in common.
I'm sure that we haven't done anything illegal.
I'm sure that we haven't done anything that we shouldn't have done.
I'm sure that we haven't done anything that we shouldn't have.
I'm sure that we haven't done anything wrong.
I'm sure that we would be able to do this properly if we discuss it with the professor.
I'm sure that we'll all miss Tom.
I'm sure that we'll all miss her.
I'm sure that we'll be able to manage that.
I'm sure that we'll be very happy here.
I'm sure that we'll find a way to do that.
I'm sure that what Tom told you is true.
I'm sure that with a little goodwill everything will work out.
I'm sure that with him I will never run the risk of being used.
I'm sure that won't be necessary.
I'm sure that won't happen next week.
I'm sure that won't happen today.
I'm sure that won't happen.
I'm sure that would mean a lot to Tom.
I'm sure that you are going to miss me.
I'm sure that you can do that again.
I'm sure that you can do that if you try.
I'm sure that you can do that.
I'm sure that you can find something to eat in the refrigerator.
I'm sure that you can take care of yourselves.
I'm sure that you could do that if you try.
I'm sure that you guys are going to miss me.
I'm sure that you have a lot to think about.
I'm sure that you have enough money.
I'm sure that you know that I love biscuits and gravy.
I'm sure that you need this more than I do.
I'm sure that you two would like some time alone.
I'm sure that you understand me.
I'm sure that you will get angry.
I'm sure that you will succeed.
I'm sure that you won't be able to do that.
I'm sure that you won't be turned down.
I'm sure that you won't like that.
I'm sure that you'll be able to do that.
I'm sure that you'll be able to do the job.
I'm sure that you'll be satisfied.
I'm sure that you'll both do well.
I'm sure that you'll come up with something.
I'm sure that you'll enjoy it.
I'm sure that you'll enjoy studying French with Tom.
I'm sure that you'll enjoy the party.
I'm sure that you'll find Tom.
I'm sure that you'll find a way to do it.
I'm sure that you'll have a good time in Boston.
I'm sure that you'll have fun at Tom's party.
I'm sure that you'll keep your word.
I'm sure that you'll like Tom.
I'm sure that you'll like it here.
I'm sure that you'll like it.
I'm sure that you'll like that.
I'm sure that you'll like this.
I'm sure that you'll love this book.
I'm sure that you'll miss Australia.
I'm sure that you'll miss Boston.
I'm sure that you'll succeed.
I'm sure that you'll think of something.
I'm sure that you're going to enjoy yourselves at the party.
I'm sure that you're going to like it.
I'm sure that your parents are proud of you.
I'm sure that your parents are very proud of you.
I'm sure that your parents will be proud of you.
I'm sure that your proposal will be accepted.
I'm sure that'll change now.
I'm sure that'll change soon.
I'm sure that'll eventually happen.
I'm sure that'll happen eventually.
I'm sure that'll happen.
I'm sure that'll help.
I'm sure that'll really be appreciated.
I'm sure that's being done already.
I'm sure that's no fault of yours.
I'm sure that's none of my business.
I'm sure that's not Tom's umbrella.
I'm sure that's not correct.
I'm sure that's not going to happen.
I'm sure that's not necessary.
I'm sure that's not the car Tom and Mary want.
I'm sure that's not the car Tom wants.
I'm sure that's not the case.
I'm sure that's not the medicine Tom and Mary need.
I'm sure that's not the medicine Tom needs.
I'm sure that's not the movie Tom saw.
I'm sure that's not the school Tom and Mary go to.
I'm sure that's not the school Tom goes to.
I'm sure that's not true.
I'm sure that's not what Tom meant.
I'm sure that's not what happened.
I'm sure that's not what you want to do.
I'm sure that's probably true.
I'm sure that's right.
I'm sure that's true.
I'm sure that's what I have to do.
I'm sure that's what I need to do.
I'm sure that's what I need.
I'm sure that's what Tom and Mary are counting on.
I'm sure that's what Tom and Mary have to do.
I'm sure that's what Tom and Mary need to do.
I'm sure that's what Tom and Mary need.
I'm sure that's what Tom and Mary want to do.
I'm sure that's what Tom and Mary want.
I'm sure that's what Tom has to do.
I'm sure that's what Tom is counting on.
I'm sure that's what Tom needs to do.
I'm sure that's what Tom needs.
I'm sure that's what Tom wanted.
I'm sure that's what Tom wants to do.
I'm sure that's what Tom wants.
I'm sure that's what Tom would have wanted.
I'm sure that's what Tom would want.
I'm sure that's what Tom would wish for.
I'm sure that's what Tom would've wanted.
I'm sure that's what happened.
I'm sure that's what it was.
I'm sure that's what'll happen.
I'm sure that's wrong.
I'm sure the children are getting big.
I'm sure the culprit is Tom.
I'm sure the guy you saw wasn't Tom.
I'm sure the meeting will be over soon.
I'm sure the police didn't properly consider certain details.
I'm sure the police will catch the kidnappers.
I'm sure the police will catch the robber eventually.
I'm sure the police will eventually catch the robber.
I'm sure the potatoes are in the cupboard.
I'm sure the product will do well.
I'm sure the reasons are obvious.
I'm sure the shop staff will do it for you.
I'm sure the shopkeeper will take care of that.
I'm sure the traffic noise will irritate Tom.
I'm sure the two of you agree.
I'm sure the two of you will agree.
I'm sure the weather had something to do with it.
I'm sure the weather will be nice tomorrow.
I'm sure there is nobody as kind as you are the whole world.
I'm sure there must be something I can do to help.
I'm sure there was a good reason for Tom to do that.
I'm sure there will be a day when the world comes together as one.
I'm sure there won't be any problem.
I'm sure there'll be a test today.
I'm sure there'll be no problem.
I'm sure there's a better place to find one.
I'm sure there's a better way to do that.
I'm sure there's a connection.
I'm sure there's a more mundane explanation that doesn't involve ghosts.
I'm sure there's a perfectly good reason for this.
I'm sure there's a perfectly reasonable explanation why Tom did that.
I'm sure there's a perfectly reasonable explanation.
I'm sure there's a rational explanation for this.
I'm sure there's a reasonable explanation for this.
I'm sure there's a reasonable explanation.
I'm sure there's a way to find out.
I'm sure there's an option that doesn't involve a bribe.
I'm sure there's another way into the castle.
I'm sure there's another way out.
I'm sure there's no need to be afraid.
I'm sure there's no need to be scared.
I'm sure there's nobody in the world as kind as you are.
I'm sure there's someone that loves you.
I'm sure there's something in the box.
I'm sure these are traces of aliens.
I'm sure these footprints belong to Oleg.
I'm sure they can cut anything.
I'm sure they can hear us.
I'm sure they need you.
I'm sure they won't like it.
I'm sure they'd be glad to see us.
I'm sure they'll appreciate it.
I'm sure they'll be happy to help.
I'm sure they'll be very happy together.
I'm sure they'll come back for us.
I'm sure they'll come to their senses.
I'm sure they'll come.
I'm sure they'll like it.
I'm sure they'll throw me out to the street.
I'm sure they'll win.
I'm sure they're all aware of what happened.
I'm sure they're all gone now.
I'm sure they're going to like it.
I'm sure they're not after us.
I'm sure they're on their way.
I'm sure they're right.
I'm sure they're sleeping soundly.
I'm sure they're talking about us.
I'm sure they're talking about what happened.
I'm sure they're working on solving the problem.
I'm sure they're wrong.
I'm sure things will soon get better.
I'm sure things will take a turn for the better.
I'm sure things will work out.
I'm sure this book hasn't been translated into French.
I'm sure this book will be of great use to you.
I'm sure this can wait.
I'm sure this helped them.
I'm sure this information can be conveyed in writing.
I'm sure this is a misunderstanding.
I'm sure this is all a misunderstanding.
I'm sure this is exactly what you need.
I'm sure this is just a misunderstanding.
I'm sure this is only temporary.
I'm sure this is quite difficult for you.
I'm sure this is where I parked my car.
I'm sure this isn't Tom's dog.
I'm sure this isn't Tom's.
I'm sure this ring costs at least seven hundred euros.
I'm sure this show will be on again.
I'm sure this was done by Tom.
I'm sure this will be over soon.
I'm sure this will cause additional problems for you, but it can't be helped.
I'm sure this will happen again.
I'm sure this won't cost me my job.
I'm sure three years from now Tom will still be living in the same place.
I'm sure to do something good in my life.
I'm sure today is Monday.
I'm sure we all agree.
I'm sure we all feel that way.
I'm sure we can come to an agreement.
I'm sure we can depend on Tom.
I'm sure we can do better.
I'm sure we can do it, but not right away.
I'm sure we can do that, but not right away.
I'm sure we can do that, but we won't be able to do it today.
I'm sure we can do that.
I'm sure we can figure it out.
I'm sure we can figure out a way to get this done on time.
I'm sure we can figure out a way to get this done.
I'm sure we can find a workable solution.
I'm sure we can find solutions with these people.
I'm sure we can find something in the kitchen to eat.
I'm sure we can find something to do this evening.
I'm sure we can manage that.
I'm sure we can persuade them.
I'm sure we can reach some kind of compromise.
I'm sure we can straighten it out.
I'm sure we can think of something to do.
I'm sure we can trust Tom.
I'm sure we can trust her.
I'm sure we can trust him.
I'm sure we can trust them.
I'm sure we can work something out.
I'm sure we can work this out.
I'm sure we could arrange that.
I'm sure we have a lot in common.
I'm sure we have enough food for everyone.
I'm sure we have enough food.
I'm sure we have enough money.
I'm sure we have enough time.
I'm sure we have enough water.
I'm sure we haven't done anything illegal.
I'm sure we haven't done anything that we shouldn't have done.
I'm sure we haven't done anything that we shouldn't have.
I'm sure we haven't done anything wrong.
I'm sure we should have turned left back there.
I'm sure we should've turned left back there.
I'm sure we'd all be glad of a nice cuppa.
I'm sure we'd be able to do this if we had Tom's help.
I'm sure we'd be able to get this done by 2:30 if Tom helped us.
I'm sure we'll all miss Tom.
I'm sure we'll be able to do that.
I'm sure we'll be able to manage that.
I'm sure we'll be able to reason with Tom.
I'm sure we'll be comfortable here.
I'm sure we'll be safe here.
I'm sure we'll be there.
I'm sure we'll be very happy here.
I'm sure we'll do better tomorrow.
I'm sure we'll find a solution.
I'm sure we'll find a way to do that.
I'm sure we'll find something there.
I'm sure we'll find something to do.
I'm sure we'll find something we can use.
I'm sure we'll find something you can wear.
I'm sure we'll find something.
I'm sure we'll get along.
I'm sure we'll get another opportunity to do that.
I'm sure we'll get lucky.
I'm sure we'll get there before the performance starts.
I'm sure we'll get there on time.
I'm sure we'll get to the station in time to catch our train.
I'm sure we'll learn a lot from you.
I'm sure we'll make it all right.
I'm sure we'll make it on time.
I'm sure we'll meet again someday.
I'm sure we'll meet again.
I'm sure we'll miss Tom a lot.
I'm sure we'll see Tom again.
I'm sure we'll see each other again.
I'm sure we're going to need it.
I'm sure we're going to win.
I'm sure we've got a lot in common.
I'm sure what I'm talking about.
I'm sure you all read about it.
I'm sure you already know Berber numbers.
I'm sure you already know the routine.
I'm sure you already know what to do.
I'm sure you and Tom will be very happy.
I'm sure you are wrong.
I'm sure you can do better.
I'm sure you can do even better.
I'm sure you can do it.
I'm sure you can do that again.
I'm sure you can do that if you try.
I'm sure you can do that.
I'm sure you can do this.
I'm sure you can figure it out.
I'm sure you can find another job.
I'm sure you can find something to eat in the refrigerator.
I'm sure you can handle it.
I'm sure you can manage on your own.
I'm sure you can take care of yourself.
I'm sure you can take care of yourselves.
I'm sure you can understand.
I'm sure you can't do it.
I'm sure you can't do that.
I'm sure you could do that if you really needed to.
I'm sure you could do that if you really put your mind to it.
I'm sure you could do that if you really tried.
I'm sure you could do that if you really wanted to.
I'm sure you could do that if you tried.
I'm sure you could do that if you try.
I'm sure you could manage on your own.
I'm sure you deserve better.
I'm sure you deserved it.
I'm sure you despise me.
I'm sure you did everything you could.
I'm sure you did it on purpose; you're mean.
I'm sure you did the best you could.
I'm sure you did what you thought was right.
I'm sure you did what you thought was the right thing to do.
I'm sure you did your best.
I'm sure you did.
I'm sure you didn't do what people are accusing you of doing.
I'm sure you didn't mean to hurt Tom's feelings.
I'm sure you don't know how to do it.
I'm sure you don't need me to tell you how to do that.
I'm sure you don't need me to tell you this, but wouldn't it be a good idea to stop smoking?
I'm sure you don't remember me.
I'm sure you don't think so.
I'm sure you don't want to do that.
I'm sure you don't want to go.
I'm sure you end up believing your own lies.
I'm sure you feel helpless.
I'm sure you found these stones near the lake where we bathed.
I'm sure you guys did OK without me.
I'm sure you guys have a lot to talk about.
I'm sure you have a lot of interesting things to tell me about Tom.
I'm sure you have a lot of interesting things to tell me.
I'm sure you have a lot of questions about what happened.
I'm sure you have a lot of questions.
I'm sure you have a lot to think about.
I'm sure you have better things to do.
I'm sure you have enough money.
I'm sure you have many friends.
I'm sure you have many questions.
I'm sure you have nothing to worry about.
I'm sure you have other skills.
I'm sure you have seen ivy covering entire buildings in that town.
I'm sure you have things you need to do.
I'm sure you have your reasons.
I'm sure you heard about Tom's new wife.
I'm sure you heard about the fire.
I'm sure you heard about what Tom did.
I'm sure you heard about what happened.
I'm sure you heard all about it from her.
I'm sure you heard all of that.
I'm sure you knew my father.
I'm sure you knew that.
I'm sure you know what I mean.
I'm sure you know what it's like.
I'm sure you know what that's like.
I'm sure you know what you're doing.
I'm sure you know what's going on.
I'm sure you like your new job.
I'm sure you mean that.
I'm sure you meant that.
I'm sure you meant well.
I'm sure you misunderstood what was said.
I'm sure you misunderstood.
I'm sure you must have a lot of questions.
I'm sure you must have many questions.
I'm sure you must've seen it.
I'm sure you need this more than I do.
I'm sure you never told me not to do this.
I'm sure you speak French worse than Tom does.
I'm sure you two will figure out how to fix that.
I'm sure you two would like some time alone.
I'm sure you understand that.
I'm sure you understand what needs to be done.
I'm sure you understand why we can't do that.
I'm sure you understand why we have to do this.
I'm sure you understand.
I'm sure you want to enter the contest, right?
I'm sure you were aware Tom and Mary knew each other.
I'm sure you were surprised to hear of my marriage.
I'm sure you will succeed.
I'm sure you will tell me what I need to know.
I'm sure you wish you were a bit more like him.
I'm sure you won't be able to do that.
I'm sure you won't be able to translate this correctly.
I'm sure you won't be turned down.
I'm sure you won't believe this.
I'm sure you won't disappoint me.
I'm sure you won't enjoy it.
I'm sure you won't have any problems.
I'm sure you won't like it.
I'm sure you won't like that.
I'm sure you won't miss me.
I'm sure you would be happy in Boston.
I'm sure you would do the same for me.
I'm sure you would have done the same for me.
I'm sure you would've done the same for me.
I'm sure you'd be happy in Australia.
I'm sure you'd enjoy being here.
I'm sure you'd enjoy doing that.
I'm sure you'd feel better if you ate something.
I'm sure you'd have fun doing that.
I'm sure you'll agree with me.
I'm sure you'll all have a good time at the zoo tomorrow.
I'm sure you'll all have a good time.
I'm sure you'll be a valuable asset to our company.
I'm sure you'll be able to do that.
I'm sure you'll be able to do the job.
I'm sure you'll be able to handle the job.
I'm sure you'll be back before long.
I'm sure you'll be back.
I'm sure you'll be busy tomorrow.
I'm sure you'll be fine.
I'm sure you'll be good at it.
I'm sure you'll be happy here.
I'm sure you'll be interested.
I'm sure you'll be just fine.
I'm sure you'll be ready when the time comes.
I'm sure you'll be satisfied.
I'm sure you'll be sorry if you give it up halfway through.
I'm sure you'll be very comfortable there.
I'm sure you'll be very happy.
I'm sure you'll be welcome.
I'm sure you'll both do well.
I'm sure you'll come up with something.
I'm sure you'll do a fantastic job.
I'm sure you'll do a good job.
I'm sure you'll do fine.
I'm sure you'll do great.
I'm sure you'll do very well.
I'm sure you'll do well.
I'm sure you'll enjoy doing that.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
I'm sure you'll enjoy studying French with Tom.
I'm sure you'll enjoy the party.
I'm sure you'll eventually be able to do that.
I'm sure you'll feel better tomorrow.
I'm sure you'll figure it out eventually.
I'm sure you'll figure it out.
I'm sure you'll figure out a better way to do that.
I'm sure you'll figure out a way to do that.
I'm sure you'll figure out how to do it.
I'm sure you'll figure out how to do that.
I'm sure you'll figure out something.
I'm sure you'll figure something out.
I'm sure you'll find Tom.
I'm sure you'll find a good job.
I'm sure you'll find a way to do it.
I'm sure you'll find a way to do that.
I'm sure you'll find a way.
I'm sure you'll find everything is in order.
I'm sure you'll find some way to do that.
I'm sure you'll find someone pretty quickly.
I'm sure you'll find something in the refrigerator.
I'm sure you'll find this interesting.
I'm sure you'll get back into the swing of things.
I'm sure you'll have a good time at Tom's party.
I'm sure you'll have a good time.
I'm sure you'll have a wonderful time.
I'm sure you'll have enough time to do that before Tom gets here.
I'm sure you'll have enough time.
I'm sure you'll have fun at Tom's Halloween party.
I'm sure you'll have fun at Tom's party.
I'm sure you'll keep your promise.
I'm sure you'll like Tom.
I'm sure you'll like her.
I'm sure you'll like him.
I'm sure you'll like his book.
I'm sure you'll like it here.
I'm sure you'll like it.
I'm sure you'll like that.
I'm sure you'll like them.
I'm sure you'll like this film.
I'm sure you'll like this movie.
I'm sure you'll like this.
I'm sure you'll like your new job.
I'm sure you'll love this Berber dictionary.
I'm sure you'll love this book.
I'm sure you'll love what we have on the menu tonight.
I'm sure you'll make the right choice.
I'm sure you'll miss Australia.
I'm sure you'll miss Boston.
I'm sure you'll never regret it.
I'm sure you'll pass the exam.
I'm sure you'll recover.
I'm sure you'll soon be able to enlighten us all as to the real state of affairs.
I'm sure you'll succeed.
I'm sure you'll tell me what I need to know.
I'm sure you'll tell me what I want to know.
I'm sure you'll think of something.
I'm sure you'll understand all of this some day.
I'm sure you'll understand that I need to fill up and that I need to attend my family duties so work takes a seat-back right behind my own family.
I'm sure you'll understand the appeal of soccer.
I'm sure you'll understand.
I'm sure you'll wait.
I'm sure you'll whip us up something really good.
I'm sure you'll wish you hadn't done that.
I'm sure you'll wish you hadn't said that.
I'm sure you'll work it out.
I'm sure you're as disappointed as I am.
I'm sure you're aware that you'll be the only one there who can't speak French.
I'm sure you're busy, Tom.
I'm sure you're busy.
I'm sure you're correct.
I'm sure you're doing all you can.
I'm sure you're doing your best.
I'm sure you're going make a good impression.
I'm sure you're going to enjoy it.
I'm sure you're going to enjoy yourself at the party.
I'm sure you're going to enjoy yourselves at the party.
I'm sure you're going to have a wonderful time.
I'm sure you're going to heaven.
I'm sure you're going to like her.
I'm sure you're going to like this lunch.
I'm sure you're going to like this.
I'm sure you're gonna like this.
I'm sure you're happy without me forever.
I'm sure you're hungry.
I'm sure you're mistaken.
I'm sure you're not going to do that.
I'm sure you're not going to like this.
I'm sure you're not half as glad as I am.
I'm sure you're not so happy here.
I'm sure you're not surprised.
I'm sure you're quite busy.
I'm sure you're right.
I'm sure you're sleepy.
I'm sure you're thinking to yourself, 'Why is this guy making such a big deal of this?' But make no mistake. This is essential.
I'm sure you're tired.
I'm sure you're very busy.
I'm sure you're wrong.
I'm sure you've all heard of it.
I'm sure you've already discussed this with Tom.
I'm sure you've already forgotten.
I'm sure you've been told this already.
I'm sure you've heard about the fire.
I'm sure you've heard all about that.
I'm sure you've met Tom.
I'm sure you've misunderstood.
I'm sure you've said that to many girls before.
I'm sure you've seen everything you need to see.
I'm sure you've seen everything you need to.
I'm sure you've seen that.
I'm sure your German teacher is very competent.
I'm sure your efforts will result in success.
I'm sure your efforts will soon bear fruit.
I'm sure your endeavor will bear fruit.
I'm sure your father is proud of you.
I'm sure your father is very proud of you.
I'm sure your father would be very proud of you.
I'm sure your folks miss you.
I'm sure your girlfriend is going to love it.
I'm sure your intentions are pure.
I'm sure your intentions were good.
I'm sure your parents are proud of you.
I'm sure your parents must be proud of you.
I'm sure your parents will be proud of you.
I'm sure your plan will fail miserably.
I'm sure yours doesn't quite compare to mine.
I'm sure!
I'm sure, in the distant future, you won't be able to forgive yourself.
I'm sure, in truth, I wanted someone to understand.
I'm sure.
I'm surprised I don't have to do that.
I'm surprised I don't have to do the same thing you have to do.
I'm surprised I don't have to do what you have to do.
I'm surprised I made it to thirty.
I'm surprised Mary didn't do what you asked her to do.
I'm surprised Tom accepted the offer.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary are still seeing each other.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary aren't busy today.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary aren't here.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary didn't do what you asked them to do.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary don't have bicycles.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary don't know how to sing at least one song in French.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary don't know how to swim.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary don't like each other.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary were even here.
I'm surprised Tom can't speak French.
I'm surprised Tom did such a thing.
I'm surprised Tom didn't agree with you.
I'm surprised Tom didn't come by car.
I'm surprised Tom didn't do that.
I'm surprised Tom didn't do what you asked him to do.
I'm surprised Tom didn't enjoy the concert.
I'm surprised Tom didn't hear anything.
I'm surprised Tom didn't help you.
I'm surprised Tom didn't know how to spell Mary's last name.
I'm surprised Tom didn't mention Mary.
I'm surprised Tom didn't notice Mary leave.
I'm surprised Tom didn't show up at Mary's party.
I'm surprised Tom didn't show up.
I'm surprised Tom didn't show.
I'm surprised Tom didn't thank Mary for the gift.
I'm surprised Tom didn't want to come.
I'm surprised Tom didn't want to go with us.
I'm surprised Tom didn't win.
I'm surprised Tom doesn't have a bicycle.
I'm surprised Tom doesn't have a girlfriend.
I'm surprised Tom doesn't know how to sing at least one song in French.
I'm surprised Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
I'm surprised Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I'm surprised Tom doesn't know that.
I'm surprised Tom doesn't speak French.
I'm surprised Tom gave Mary all the money she asked for.
I'm surprised Tom gave his clarinet away.
I'm surprised Tom had the gall to do that.
I'm surprised Tom hasn't been arrested yet.
I'm surprised Tom hasn't bounced back by now.
I'm surprised Tom is still alive.
I'm surprised Tom isn't busy today.
I'm surprised Tom isn't happy here.
I'm surprised Tom isn't here today.
I'm surprised Tom isn't here.
I'm surprised Tom isn't with Mary now.
I'm surprised Tom let Mary go out alone.
I'm surprised Tom never mentioned you.
I'm surprised Tom refused such a good offer.
I'm surprised Tom remembers Mary.
I'm surprised Tom remembers me.
I'm surprised Tom remembers us.
I'm surprised Tom turned down such a good offer.
I'm surprised Tom was even here.
I'm surprised Tom wasn't busy yesterday.
I'm surprised Tom wasn't here yesterday.
I'm surprised Tom went to the party without Mary.
I'm surprised Tom went with Mary.
I'm surprised Tom won.
I'm surprised Tom's still alive. I thought he would have drunk himself to death years ago.
I'm surprised Tom's still alive. I thought he would've drunk himself to death years ago.
I'm surprised Wade isn't carrying her in his purse.
I'm surprised and disappointed.
I'm surprised at how tired I am.
I'm surprised at myself.
I'm surprised at you.
I'm surprised at your behavior.
I'm surprised at your behaviour.
I'm surprised at your burglary skills.
I'm surprised by AI's ability to paraphrase and analyze novel sentences.
I'm surprised by Tom's response.
I'm surprised by her lack of responsibility.
I'm surprised by the extensiveness of Tom's knowledge.
I'm surprised by the similarities between French and Italian in some cases.
I'm surprised by your relationship.
I'm surprised how inattentive I can be.
I'm surprised how long Early Modern English held out among some authors.
I'm surprised how warm it's become today.
I'm surprised how warm it's got today.
I'm surprised it didn't occur to me.
I'm surprised it hasn't happened sooner.
I'm surprised it hasn't rained yet.
I'm surprised it took Tom this long.
I'm surprised it took her this long.
I'm surprised it took him this long.
I'm surprised it took you this long.
I'm surprised it was that easy.
I'm surprised myself.
I'm surprised no one else heard the gunshots.
I'm surprised people are putting up with this.
I'm surprised rain still hasn't come down yet.
I'm surprised she did such a thing.
I'm surprised that Beth didn't enjoy her time at the farm.
I'm surprised that I don't have to do that.
I'm surprised that I don't have to do the same thing you have to do.
I'm surprised that I don't have to do what you have to do.
I'm surprised that I made it to thirty.
I'm surprised that Tom accepted the offer.
I'm surprised that Tom and Mary are still seeing each other.
I'm surprised that Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
I'm surprised that Tom and Mary don't like each other.
I'm surprised that Tom can't speak French.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't agree with you.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't come by car.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't do that.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't do what you asked him to do.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't enjoy the concert.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't hear anything.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't help you.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't know how to spell Mary's last name.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't mention Mary.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't notice Mary leave.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't show up at Mary's party.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't show up.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't show.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't thank Mary for the gift.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't want to come.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't want to go with us.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't win.
I'm surprised that Tom doesn't have a bicycle.
I'm surprised that Tom doesn't have a girlfriend.
I'm surprised that Tom doesn't know how to sing at least one song in French.
I'm surprised that Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
I'm surprised that Tom doesn't speak French.
I'm surprised that Tom gave Mary all the money she asked for.
I'm surprised that Tom had the gall to do that.
I'm surprised that Tom hasn't bounced back by now.
I'm surprised that Tom is still alive.
I'm surprised that Tom isn't busy today.
I'm surprised that Tom isn't happy here.
I'm surprised that Tom isn't here today.
I'm surprised that Tom isn't here.
I'm surprised that Tom isn't with Mary now.
I'm surprised that Tom let Mary go out alone.
I'm surprised that Tom never mentioned you.
I'm surprised that Tom refused such a good offer.
I'm surprised that Tom remembers Mary.
I'm surprised that Tom remembers me.
I'm surprised that Tom remembers us.
I'm surprised that Tom turned down such a good offer.
I'm surprised that Tom was even here.
I'm surprised that Tom wasn't here yesterday.
I'm surprised that Tom went to the party without Mary.
I'm surprised that Tom went with Mary.
I'm surprised that Tom won.
I'm surprised that building is still standing.
I'm surprised that he accepted the offer.
I'm surprised that he hasn't thanked me.
I'm surprised that it hasn't happened sooner.
I'm surprised that it took you this long.
I'm surprised that nobody found him.
I'm surprised that people are putting up with this.
I'm surprised that rain didn't fall yet.
I'm surprised that she did such a thing.
I'm surprised that she refused such a good offer.
I'm surprised that some of you don't know how to use metaphors and metonymies.
I'm surprised that that building is still standing.
I'm surprised that the numbers aren't higher.
I'm surprised that there wasn't any damage.
I'm surprised that there wasn't more damage.
I'm surprised that you and Tom don't like each other.
I'm surprised that you asked me that.
I'm surprised that you didn't know Tom could speak French.
I'm surprised that you didn't know Tom couldn't speak French.
I'm surprised that you didn't know Tom didn't have to do that.
I'm surprised that you didn't know Tom didn't want to do that.
I'm surprised that you didn't know Tom got into Harvard.
I'm surprised that you didn't know Tom hated you.
I'm surprised that you didn't know Tom used to live in Boston.
I'm surprised that you didn't know Tom was in the hospital.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom could speak French.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom couldn't speak French.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom didn't have to do that.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom didn't want to do that.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom got into Harvard.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom hated you.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom used to live in Boston.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom was in the hospital.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that you were supposed to do that.
I'm surprised that you didn't know you were supposed to do that.
I'm surprised that you don't know about their marriage.
I'm surprised that you have won that prize.
I'm surprised that you won the prize.
I'm surprised that you're so naive.
I'm surprised that you're so nave.
I'm surprised that your family has a Japanese car.
I'm surprised the numbers aren't higher.
I'm surprised there aren't more.
I'm surprised there wasn't any damage.
I'm surprised there wasn't more damage.
I'm surprised they didn't arrest Tom.
I'm surprised they didn't have anything to do.
I'm surprised they let Tom in here.
I'm surprised this didn't come up sooner.
I'm surprised this doesn't happen more often.
I'm surprised this machine still works.
I'm surprised to find you here.
I'm surprised to hear that he is in prison.
I'm surprised to hear that prices have gone up so high.
I'm surprised to hear you say that.
I'm surprised to see you again so soon.
I'm surprised to see you again.
I'm surprised to see you here.
I'm surprised to see you in a place like this.
I'm surprised to see you smoking. You didn't use to.
I'm surprised to see you smoking; you didn't use to.
I'm surprised to see you.
I'm surprised we haven't run into this problem before.
I'm surprised you agreed to have lunch with me.
I'm surprised you and Tom don't like each other.
I'm surprised you asked me that.
I'm surprised you called.
I'm surprised you came at all.
I'm surprised you couldn't remember that.
I'm surprised you decided not to accept that job offer.
I'm surprised you didn't bring Tom along.
I'm surprised you didn't get expelled.
I'm surprised you didn't get the job.
I'm surprised you didn't know Tom could speak French.
I'm surprised you didn't know Tom couldn't speak French.
I'm surprised you didn't know Tom didn't have to do that.
I'm surprised you didn't know Tom didn't want to do that.
I'm surprised you didn't know Tom got into Harvard.
I'm surprised you didn't know Tom hated you.
I'm surprised you didn't know Tom used to live in Boston.
I'm surprised you didn't know Tom was in the hospital.
I'm surprised you didn't know that Tom could speak French.
I'm surprised you didn't know that Tom couldn't speak French.
I'm surprised you didn't know that Tom didn't have to do that.
I'm surprised you didn't know that Tom didn't want to do that.
I'm surprised you didn't know that Tom got into Harvard.
I'm surprised you didn't know that Tom hated you.
I'm surprised you didn't know that Tom used to live in Boston.
I'm surprised you didn't know that Tom was in the hospital.
I'm surprised you didn't know that you were supposed to do that.
I'm surprised you didn't know that.
I'm surprised you didn't know you were supposed to do that.
I'm surprised you didn't notice that.
I'm surprised you didn't recognize Yuri.
I'm surprised you didn't run into Tom.
I'm surprised you didn't want to go with us.
I'm surprised you don't agree.
I'm surprised you find Tom unfriendly. He's always been perfectly friendly to me.
I'm surprised you haven't killed somebody.
I'm surprised you know that word.
I'm surprised you missed that.
I'm surprised you moved back to Australia.
I'm surprised you moved back to Boston.
I'm surprised you overlooked it.
I'm surprised you remember Tom.
I'm surprised you remember her.
I'm surprised you remember him.
I'm surprised you remember me.
I'm surprised you remember them.
I'm surprised you remember us.
I'm surprised you still remember that.
I'm surprised you weren't invited.
I'm surprised you won the prize.
I'm surprised you're so naive.
I'm surprised you're still here.
I'm surprised your wife is against it.
I'm surprised, but not shocked.
I'm surprised.
I'm surrounded by Muslims.
I'm surrounded by a lot of incompetent people.
I'm surrounded by cats!
I'm surrounded by cats.
I'm surrounded by enemies.
I'm surrounded by fuckwits!
I'm surrounded by idiots.
I'm surrounded by linguaphiles!
I'm surrounded by people I don't like.
I'm surrounded by people better than me.
I'm surrounded by people that I don't like.
I'm surrounded by people who are cleverer than I am.
I'm surrounded by people who are cleverer than me.
I'm surrounded by people who are smarter than me.
I'm surrounded by people who love me very much.
I'm surrounded by unfair people.
I'm surviving.
I'm suspicious of everybody.
I'm suspicious of him.
I'm suspicious of people who don't like dogs, but I trust a dog when it doesn't like a person.
I'm suspicious of things like that.
I'm suspicious really because at the back of my mind I don't trust them.
I'm suspicious.
I'm swamped with work.
I'm sweating balls.
I'm sweating it out.
I'm sweating like a pig.
I'm sweating like crazy.
I'm sweating profusely and I think I have a high temperature.
I'm sweating profusely.
I'm sweating quite a bit.
I'm sweating.
I'm sweaty.
I'm sweeping the balcony.
I'm swimming in a lake.
I'm swimming in the ocean.
I'm swimming in the sea.
I'm swimming with the current.
I'm switching off the light.
I'm switching the light off.
I'm switching to healthy snacks.
I'm sympathetic.
I'm taking Berber classes.
I'm taking French class next semester.
I'm taking French classes.
I'm taking French leave.
I'm taking French next year.
I'm taking French this semester.
I'm taking French when I go to college.
I'm taking Lipitor.
I'm taking Mary out to dinner tonight.
I'm taking Spanish this semester.
I'm taking Tom for a walk.
I'm taking Tom his lunch.
I'm taking Tom home with me.
I'm taking Tom home.
I'm taking Tom some food.
I'm taking Tom to Australia with me.
I'm taking Tom to Boston with me.
I'm taking Tom to Boston.
I'm taking Tom to his favorite restaurant.
I'm taking Tom to the hospital.
I'm taking Tom to the park.
I'm taking Tom with me.
I'm taking a French class this semester.
I'm taking a French class.
I'm taking a bath now.
I'm taking a bath.
I'm taking a book.
I'm taking a break from studying to watch some television.
I'm taking a break now.
I'm taking a break.
I'm taking a bus to Boston tomorrow.
I'm taking a chance.
I'm taking a computer science class.
I'm taking a couple of days off.
I'm taking a crap.
I'm taking a dance class.
I'm taking a different approach.
I'm taking a different car.
I'm taking a fertility drug.
I'm taking a holiday at the beach.
I'm taking a leave of absence from Aug. 10 till 31 to attend a seminar in Germany.
I'm taking a leave of absence.
I'm taking a nap.
I'm taking a picture of the woman.
I'm taking a picture.
I'm taking a self-care break.
I'm taking a semester off.
I'm taking a short cut.
I'm taking a shower right now.
I'm taking a shower.
I'm taking a snack.
I'm taking a taxi to go to the train station.
I'm taking a taxi to the airport.
I'm taking a test next period.
I'm taking a tomato.
I'm taking a trip to Armenia next year.
I'm taking a trip to Australia next year.
I'm taking a vacation from July 20 through August 8.
I'm taking a vacation.
I'm taking a walk in a park.
I'm taking a walk with my dog.
I'm taking a walk.
I'm taking a week off to do some fishing.
I'm taking a week off.
I'm taking a world history course.
I'm taking an advanced certification course next week.
I'm taking an exam in January.
I'm taking an exam.
I'm taking an umbrella with me.
I'm taking another Berber class next semester.
I'm taking antibiotics.
I'm taking away your phone.
I'm taking back my apology.
I'm taking bereavement leave on Jan. 30 and 31.
I'm taking care of Tom this week.
I'm taking care of Tom's cat Cookie while he's away.
I'm taking care of it.
I'm taking care of it. You can relax. You can rely on me.
I'm taking care of my grandfather.
I'm taking care of the house.
I'm taking charge.
I'm taking classes at two different schools, because my main school doesn't have all the classes I need.
I'm taking classes online.
I'm taking command.
I'm taking everything with me.
I'm taking good care of Tom.
I'm taking good care of her.
I'm taking good care of him.
I'm taking good care of them.
I'm taking her for a walk.
I'm taking her her lunch.
I'm taking her home with me.
I'm taking her home.
I'm taking her some food.
I'm taking her there.
I'm taking her to Kabylie.
I'm taking her to the hospital.
I'm taking her to the park.
I'm taking her with me.
I'm taking him away from you.
I'm taking him for a walk.
I'm taking him hiking this afternoon.
I'm taking him his lunch.
I'm taking him home with me.
I'm taking him home.
I'm taking him some food.
I'm taking him there.
I'm taking him to the hospital.
I'm taking him to the park.
I'm taking him with me.
I'm taking his opinion into account.
I'm taking inventory.
I'm taking it day by day.
I'm taking it easy for a change.
I'm taking it easy.
I'm taking it one day at a time.
I'm taking it seriously.
I'm taking it slow right now.
I'm taking it to Tom.
I'm taking it to her.
I'm taking it to him.
I'm taking it to them.
I'm taking it with me.
I'm taking maternity leave from September 30th to October 14th.
I'm taking my apology back.
I'm taking my boat out this afternoon.
I'm taking my book with me.
I'm taking my children to the nanny.
I'm taking my coffee with me.
I'm taking my daughter to Australia with me.
I'm taking my daughter to Boston with me.
I'm taking my dog for a walk.
I'm taking my first day off since the beginning of the month.
I'm taking my health seriously.
I'm taking my lunch break.
I'm taking my sister to Athens today.
I'm taking my son to the zoo this afternoon.
I'm taking my stuff upstairs.
I'm taking my time.
I'm taking notes.
I'm taking off my jacket because it's warm.
I'm taking off now.
I'm taking off.
I'm taking off. See you tomorrow.
I'm taking our phone for repairs, as it is broken.
I'm taking over.
I'm taking pictures of everything I own.
I'm taking pictures of the bridge.
I'm taking psychology courses.
I'm taking remedial English classes, and they expect me to know what "asynchronous" means.
I'm taking responsibility for my own happiness.
I'm taking some summer classes.
I'm taking the 10.30 train.
I'm taking the 11 o'clock train.
I'm taking the afternoon off.
I'm taking the book.
I'm taking the day off.
I'm taking the dog to the vet.
I'm taking the job.
I'm taking the minivan.
I'm taking the rest of the day off.
I'm taking the stairs.
I'm taking the subway to school.
I'm taking the test.
I'm taking the train next time.
I'm taking the train to Boston.
I'm taking the tram.
I'm taking the week off.
I'm taking them for a walk.
I'm taking them home with me.
I'm taking them home.
I'm taking them some food.
I'm taking them to the hospital.
I'm taking them to the park.
I'm taking them with me.
I'm taking therapy for my hip.
I'm taking these goats to the mountain.
I'm taking these sheep to the market.
I'm taking this book with me to read on the plane.
I'm taking this one.
I'm taking this seriously.
I'm taking this to Tom.
I'm taking this to her.
I'm taking this to him.
I'm taking this to them.
I'm taking this week off.
I'm taking this.
I'm taking tomorrow afternoon off.
I'm taking tomorrow morning off from work.
I'm taking tomorrow off, but don't tell Stefan!
I'm taking tomorrow off.
I'm taking up old habits again that served me well in several ways.
I'm taking you dancing.
I'm taking you home.
I'm taking you out of here.
I'm taking you out of the game.
I'm taking you somewhere nice.
I'm taking you to lunch.
I'm taking you to school.
I'm taking you to see that new Star Wars movie.
I'm taking you to the doctor.
I'm taking you to the history museum.
I'm taking you up on your offer.
I'm taking you with me.
I'm taking your wallet.
I'm talented, I think.
I'm talked out.
I'm talking about Algeria.
I'm talking about Tom.
I'm talking about a lion.
I'm talking about her.
I'm talking about him.
I'm talking about human beings.
I'm talking about it.
I'm talking about my friend.
I'm talking about myself.
I'm talking about our house.
I'm talking about sex.
I'm talking about the NATO alliance with powerful member the United States.
I'm talking about the music to which you were listening.
I'm talking about them.
I'm talking about this pen, not that one over there on the desk.
I'm talking about you.
I'm talking about your actions.
I'm talking about your stocks.
I'm talking about your trip to Moscow.
I'm talking and feeling well.
I'm talking in French so that Tom doesn't understand me.
I'm talking nonsense.
I'm talking now about Australia.
I'm talking now about Boston.
I'm talking on the phone with Thomas.
I'm talking on the phone with Tom.
I'm talking on the phone.
I'm talking to Mary on WhatsApp.
I'm talking to Roco.
I'm talking to Tom now.
I'm talking to Tom on the phone.
I'm talking to Tom right now.
I'm talking to Tom.
I'm talking to a friend.
I'm talking to a friend. I'll get back to you shortly.
I'm talking to a politician.
I'm talking to her now.
I'm talking to her on Facebook.
I'm talking to her right now.
I'm talking to her.
I'm talking to him right now.
I'm talking to him.
I'm talking to him. He's listening to me.
I'm talking to my child.
I'm talking to my dog.
I'm talking to my friend.
I'm talking to my sister.
I'm talking to myself.
I'm talking to one of my students.
I'm talking to the French teacher right now.
I'm talking to them right now.
I'm talking to them.
I'm talking to you as a friend.
I'm talking to you now, so look at me.
I'm talking to you!
I'm talking to you, Ziri.
I'm talking to you, my peers.
I'm talking with Roco.
I'm talking with a friend at the moment; I'll get in touch with you in just a moment.
I'm talking.
I'm tall and skinny.
I'm tall.
I'm taller than Tom is.
I'm taller than Tom.
I'm taller than he is.
I'm taller than him.
I'm taller than you.
I'm taller.
I'm tanned.
I'm tapped out.
I'm teaching Basque.
I'm teaching Berber at a nearby school.
I'm teaching Berber in Oran.
I'm teaching English next school year.
I'm teaching French to Tom.
I'm teaching French.
I'm teaching Tom French.
I'm teaching a Japanese class next year.
I'm teaching at a university.
I'm teaching basic participial constructions now, but, with regard to those below, what different ways of translating them would everybody use?
I'm teaching her Dutch.
I'm teaching her French.
I'm teaching him Dutch.
I'm teaching in the philology department.
I'm teaching my cat to do its business in the sandbox.
I'm teaching myself French.
I'm teaching myself Japanese.
I'm teaching myself Korean.
I'm teaching myself to juggle.
I'm teaching myself to play the guitar.
I'm teaching myself to play the piano.
I'm teaching myself to tap dance.
I'm teaching the ants the multiplication table.
I'm teaching the kids about Berber history.
I'm teaching them Berber.
I'm teaching them French.
I'm teaching them to swim.
I'm teaching two courses, year one's "Self-expression for University Students" and year two's "Food Chemistry".
I'm teaching.
I'm teasing you.
I'm teasing.
I'm telepathic.
I'm telling him I don't know how it is written.
I'm telling it like it is.
I'm telling mom.
I'm telling my daughter a story to get her to go to sleep.
I'm telling the truth now.
I'm telling the truth, Tom.
I'm telling the truth.
I'm telling the youth: partying is life! And so is your face!
I'm telling you I had no choice.
I'm telling you I saw something.
I'm telling you Tom did it.
I'm telling you Tom will understand.
I'm telling you again so you don't forget.
I'm telling you an interesting story.
I'm telling you because I'm worried about you.
I'm telling you everything.
I'm telling you facts.
I'm telling you for certain! That man's the worst of the worst! As he's the cream of the crime crop, you shouldn't be surprised that he's notorious for murder and unlawful subjugation.
I'm telling you for the umpteenth time - No!
I'm telling you how I feel.
I'm telling you it's going to be OK.
I'm telling you nothing happened.
I'm telling you something's going on.
I'm telling you that we have to assume Tom is dead.
I'm telling you that we have to assume that Tom is dead.
I'm telling you that you could be a professional drummer.
I'm telling you that you're wrong.
I'm telling you the absolute truth.
I'm telling you the truth.
I'm telling you the whole truth.
I'm telling you this because I don't want to have any secrets from you.
I'm telling you this because I'm worried about you.
I'm telling you this because I'm your friend.
I'm telling you this because Sami is your friend.
I'm telling you this because Tom and Mary are your friends.
I'm telling you this because Tom is your friend.
I'm telling you this because you're my friend.
I'm telling you this confidentially.
I'm telling you this for a reason.
I'm telling you this for your own good.
I'm telling you this in strict confidence.
I'm telling you this in the strictest confidence.
I'm telling you this is going to be great.
I'm telling you this with good reason.
I'm telling you to leave.
I'm telling you to shut up.
I'm telling you to tell the truth!
I'm telling you we have to assume that Tom is dead.
I'm telling you what I saw.
I'm telling you you're going to get into trouble if you're not careful.
I'm telling you you're wrong.
I'm telling you your dream.
I'm telling you  that's how it happened.
I'm telling you, I saw it with my own two eyes. I wasn't seeing things or hallucinating.
I'm telling you, I'm not going.
I'm telling you, his old car won't fetch a red cent.
I'm telling you, that won't work!
I'm telling you, the boss'll eat you whole if you go in there now. He's just sacked Tom after giving him a rollicking.
I'm telling you, this is the spot. Just keep digging.
I'm telling you, you'll make a mistake if you do that.
I'm telling you, you're wrong.
I'm telling you.
I'm tempted to accept their proposal.
I'm tempted to agree to do that.
I'm tempted to do that.
I'm tempted to just stay at home.
I'm tempted to just stay home.
I'm tempted to just stay in bed.
I'm tempted to order some takeout.
I'm ten years old.
I'm tense about the presentation.
I'm tense.
I'm terminally ill.
I'm terrible at French.
I'm terrible at German.
I'm terrible at Zumba.
I'm terrible at chess.
I'm terrible at keeping secrets.
I'm terrible at languages.
I'm terrible at math.
I'm terrible at small talk.
I'm terrible at speaking French.
I'm terrible at tennis.
I'm terrible at this.
I'm terrible with names.
I'm terrible.
I'm terribly afraid of snakes.
I'm terribly afraid of them.
I'm terribly ashamed of this.
I'm terribly busy because the report deadline is near.
I'm terribly busy, you understand.
I'm terribly busy.
I'm terribly hungry.
I'm terribly shy.
I'm terribly sick.
I'm terribly sorry for being late.
I'm terribly sorry for your loss.
I'm terribly sorry if that causes you a problem.
I'm terribly sorry to have made you worry.
I'm terribly sorry!
I'm terribly sorry, ma'am, but we only service male clients at this time.
I'm terribly sorry.
I'm terribly tired. Will you be mad if I go to sleep?
I'm terrified of WASPs.
I'm terrified of being alone in the dark.
I'm terrified of dogs.
I'm terrified of heights.
I'm terrified of jellyfish.
I'm terrified of losing you when I don't see you.
I'm terrified of spiders.
I'm terrified of the outside world.
I'm terrified of wasps.
I'm terrified that I won't be able to cope anymore.
I'm terrified, too.
I'm terrified.
I'm testing it now.
I'm testing my new camera.
I'm testing whether the language detection works again.
I'm testing you.
I'm texting Tom.
I'm texting her.
I'm texting him.
I'm texting them.
I'm thankful for all the travelling I've been able to do.
I'm thankful for everything.
I'm thankful for miso soup with extra veggies.
I'm thankful for music.
I'm thankful for my children.
I'm thankful for my family.
I'm thankful for my friends.
I'm thankful for my parents.
I'm thankful for sunshine.
I'm thankful for technology.
I'm thankful for the love of my fans.
I'm thankful for this word! It did me good in this difficult hour and renewed my courage.
I'm thankful for today.
I'm thankful for vacations.
I'm thankful for your good will.
I'm thankful for your kindness.
I'm thankful that I have the ability to buy food for my family, but also that I have the ability to give a little bit extra to those who don't have enough.
I'm thankful that I have the ability to buy food for my family.
I'm thankful that it ended this way.
I'm thankful to be alive.
I'm thankful to my family.
I'm thankful to my friends.
I'm thankful to you for your helping me with my homework.
I'm thanking you.
I'm that sleepy.
I'm the CEO.
I'm the French teacher at Tom's school.
I'm the French teacher at the school Tom goes to.
I'm the Mari!
I'm the Messiah.
I'm the Queen of Antarctica.
I'm the acquisition manager.
I'm the admin of this group and I can ban him if I like.
I'm the adviser.
I'm the angrier than I've ever been.
I'm the angriest I've ever been.
I'm the answer to your prayer.
I'm the answer to your prayers.
I'm the baby of the family.
I'm the bad one.
I'm the bait.
I'm the bashful type.
I'm the best French speaker here, I think.
I'm the best.
I'm the black sheep of the family.
I'm the bookkeeper.
I'm the boss around here.
I'm the boss here, and I make the rules.
I'm the boss now.
I'm the boss, aren't I?
I'm the boss.
I'm the captain of this ship.
I'm the captain.
I'm the chairman.
I'm the champion of my province.
I'm the champion.
I'm the chauffeur.
I'm the chef.
I'm the chief engineer.
I'm the chief.
I'm the chieftain of this tribe.
I'm the chosen people.
I'm the coach.
I'm the continental champion.
I'm the cook in the house.
I'm the cook.
I'm the copilot.
I'm the crazy one.
I'm the culprit.
I'm the devil.
I'm the director of this clinic.
I'm the director.
I'm the doctor's daughter.
I'm the doctor.
I'm the drummer.
I'm the dude, man.
I'm the duty nurse of this floor. If you need me, just call me.
I'm the editor.
I'm the exact opposite of my brother.
I'm the exception to the rule.
I'm the executor of Tom Jackson's estate.
I'm the executor of her estate.
I'm the expert.
I'm the fastest reader you've ever seen! I'll be finished with this book in no time flat!
I'm the fastest runner in the world.
I'm the fastest runner in this group.
I'm the fastest runner on our team.
I'm the fastest runner on the team.
I'm the fastest runner.
I'm the fastest.
I'm the father of IVF.
I'm the father of the family.
I'm the first Algerian they've ever met.
I'm the first boy you've ever kissed, aren't I?
I'm the first guy you've ever kissed, aren't I?
I'm the first in line to see the notary.
I'm the first in my family to go to college.
I'm the first musician in my family.
I'm the first one to get to work.
I'm the first to do that.
I'm the first-born.
I'm the firstborn.
I'm the founder and CEO of Antifa.
I'm the gardener.
I'm the ghost of Tom Jackson.
I'm the ghost of a sad poet who died a terrifying death.
I'm the greatest of all time. Maybe greater even than Elvis. Elvis had a guitar, I don't have a guitar. I don't have the privilege of a guitar.
I'm the guilty one.
I'm the guy that did that.
I'm the guy that helped Tom do that.
I'm the guy who beat Tom.
I'm the guy who convinced Tom to join our team.
I'm the guy who did that.
I'm the guy who gave Tom that hat.
I'm the guy who has the tickets.
I'm the guy who helped Tom do that.
I'm the guy who knows where Tom hid the diamond.
I'm the guy who met Tom at the station.
I'm the guy who showed Tom how to make tomato sauce.
I'm the happiest man in the world.
I'm the happiest man on Earth!
I'm the happiest man on Earth.
I'm the happiest man on earth.
I'm the happiest person in the world.
I'm the head coach.
I'm the head of the school.
I'm the hero.
I'm the human cannonball that they're going to shoot through space.
I'm the humblest person on this planet.
I'm the insane one.
I'm the killer.
I'm the kind of girl who gets on with boys better.
I'm the kind of person who always has to have the last word.
I'm the king of the world!
I'm the king.
I'm the last in line.
I'm the last one on the list.
I'm the last one out of the office.
I'm the last one who saw Tom.
I'm the last one who saw her.
I'm the last one who saw him.
I'm the last one who saw them.
I'm the last one who talked to Tom.
I'm the last person Tom would want to see.
I'm the last person Tom would want to talk to now.
I'm the last person on your list, aren't I?
I'm the last person you should ask for advice.
I'm the last sane man in the world.
I'm the last surviving member of my family.
I'm the last to leave the office.
I'm the last.
I'm the law.
I'm the leader here.
I'm the leader of this team.
I'm the leader.
I'm the local authority here.
I'm the local expert.
I'm the lowest ranking staff member, so I get stuck doing what everyone else doesn't want to do.
I'm the luckiest guy in the whole world.
I'm the luckiest guy in the world to have such a wonderful girlfriend.
I'm the luckiest guy in the world.
I'm the luckiest man in the world.
I'm the man of the house.
I'm the manager.
I'm the master of my fate.
I'm the mayor.
I'm the middle child of three.
I'm the most humble person in history.
I'm the most immoral person you'll ever meet.
I'm the most knowledge-hungry person I personally know around me.
I'm the most moral person you'll ever meet.
I'm the mother of a son of a bitch.
I'm the national champion.
I'm the new boss.
I'm the new manager.
I'm the new owner of this hotel.
I'm the new owner.
I'm the new prime minister of Israel.
I'm the new teacher.
I'm the night shift nurse.
I'm the office manager of a small law firm.
I'm the older one.
I'm the oldest daughter.
I'm the oldest in my class.
I'm the oldest of the students in my class.
I'm the oldest of three children.
I'm the oldest one here.
I'm the oldest person here.
I'm the oldest student in my class.
I'm the oldest.
I'm the oldest. My three brothers and five sisters are younger.
I'm the one Tom talked to last week.
I'm the one Tom wanted to meet.
I'm the one asking the questions.
I'm the one asking the questions. You just answer them.
I'm the one here who really knows what Tom did.
I'm the one in charge now.
I'm the one in charge of this group.
I'm the one in charge.
I'm the one in the middle.
I'm the one responsible for doing that.
I'm the one responsible for getting that done.
I'm the one responsible for laundering sheets and towels.
I'm the one responsible for that.
I'm the one responsible for the accident.
I'm the one responsible for this mistake.
I'm the one responsible for what happened.
I'm the one that came up with the idea.
I'm the one that chose the wine.
I'm the one that convinced Tom to join the army.
I'm the one that convinced Tom to try to do that.
I'm the one that did that wrong.
I'm the one that did that.
I'm the one that has to do that.
I'm the one that knows.
I'm the one that made you feel so bad.
I'm the one that needs to do that.
I'm the one that ought to do that.
I'm the one that pays all the bills.
I'm the one that set this all up.
I'm the one that should do that.
I'm the one that'll most likely have to do that.
I'm the one that's frustrated.
I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.
I'm the one that's to blame.
I'm the one the police are looking for.
I'm the one they want.
I'm the one to blame.
I'm the one who actually did that.
I'm the one who actually wrote the letter.
I'm the one who advised Tom to do that.
I'm the one who advised Tom to stop doing that.
I'm the one who always causes problems.
I'm the one who always cooks dinner.
I'm the one who always does that.
I'm the one who always has to help Tom.
I'm the one who always washes the dishes.
I'm the one who asked Tom to do that.
I'm the one who asked all the questions.
I'm the one who asked for help.
I'm the one who asked you the question.
I'm the one who asked you where Tom and Mary were.
I'm the one who asked you where Tom was.
I'm the one who ate all the ice cream.
I'm the one who ate the apple.
I'm the one who bandaged Tom's arm.
I'm the one who bought Tom's old desk.
I'm the one who bought a ticket for Tom.
I'm the one who bought these eggs.
I'm the one who bought these pants.
I'm the one who bought you that jacket.
I'm the one who broke that window.
I'm the one who broke the vase.
I'm the one who broke the window yesterday.
I'm the one who broke the window.
I'm the one who broke the windshield of Tom's car.
I'm the one who brought Tom here.
I'm the one who brought the subject up.
I'm the one who built this house.
I'm the one who built this.
I'm the one who called 911.
I'm the one who called the police.
I'm the one who called you guys.
I'm the one who came up with the idea.
I'm the one who can speak French, not Tom.
I'm the one who caught Tom.
I'm the one who caught her.
I'm the one who caught him.
I'm the one who caught them.
I'm the one who caused all the problems.
I'm the one who caused the accident.
I'm the one who caused the problem, I think.
I'm the one who chased Tom.
I'm the one who chose the wine.
I'm the one who chose this color.
I'm the one who cleaned the garage.
I'm the one who convinced Tom not to do that again.
I'm the one who convinced Tom not to do that anymore.
I'm the one who convinced Tom not to do that.
I'm the one who convinced Tom that he should learn how to do that.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to do that.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to help us.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to help.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to join the army.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to learn how to do that.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to quit doing that.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to show Mary how to do that.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to start doing that.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to stop doing that.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to teach Mary how to do that.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to teach Mary how to drive.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to try to do that.
I'm the one who cooked dinner.
I'm the one who cut her umbilical cord.
I'm the one who danced with the kids all night.
I'm the one who decided that we all needed to be there.
I'm the one who decides my purpose in life.
I'm the one who defines what a high C is.
I'm the one who deserves the promotion.
I'm the one who deserves to be promoted.
I'm the one who designed our house.
I'm the one who designed this jacket.
I'm the one who did all this.
I'm the one who did it.
I'm the one who did that for you.
I'm the one who did that.
I'm the one who did this.
I'm the one who does it best.
I'm the one who does that for Tom.
I'm the one who does that.
I'm the one who doesn't understand.
I'm the one who dreamed about Tom.
I'm the one who drew this picture.
I'm the one who drives.
I'm the one who feeds our dog.
I'm the one who feeds the dog.
I'm the one who filed the complaint.
I'm the one who found Tom's key.
I'm the one who found Tom's keys.
I'm the one who found Tom.
I'm the one who found it, not you.
I'm the one who gave Tom a black eye.
I'm the one who gave Tom his bicycle.
I'm the one who gave Tom his guitar.
I'm the one who gave Tom his nickname.
I'm the one who gave Tom that black eye.
I'm the one who gave Tom that hat.
I'm the one who gave Tom that scarf.
I'm the one who gave Tom that umbrella.
I'm the one who gave Tom that.
I'm the one who gave Tom the painting that's hanging above his fireplace.
I'm the one who gave Tom your phone number.
I'm the one who gave her that.
I'm the one who gave him that.
I'm the one who gave that hat to Tom.
I'm the one who gave that to Tom.
I'm the one who gave that umbrella to Tom.
I'm the one who gave them that.
I'm the one who gave you that.
I'm the one who gives the orders here!
I'm the one who got beat up.
I'm the one who got beaten up.
I'm the one who got injured.
I'm the one who got us into this mess.
I'm the one who got you into this.
I'm the one who grew this lettuce.
I'm the one who had to do that.
I'm the one who handled that problem.
I'm the one who handled the problem.
I'm the one who handles most of the business.
I'm the one who has caused you so much pain.
I'm the one who has the job.
I'm the one who has the key to the truck.
I'm the one who has the key.
I'm the one who has the tickets.
I'm the one who has to call Tom.
I'm the one who has to clean up this mess.
I'm the one who has to do most of the work.
I'm the one who has to do that if I can't convince someone else to do it.
I'm the one who has to do that.
I'm the one who has to do this.
I'm the one who has to go to Australia.
I'm the one who has to go to Boston.
I'm the one who has to leave early.
I'm the one who has to make that decision.
I'm the one who has to pay all the bills.
I'm the one who has your helmet.
I'm the one who helped Tom break out of jail.
I'm the one who helped Tom buy his car.
I'm the one who helped Tom do that.
I'm the one who helped Tom escape from jail.
I'm the one who helped Tom find a place to live.
I'm the one who helped Tom paint his house.
I'm the one who helped Tom pull weeds in the garden.
I'm the one who helped Tom the other day.
I'm the one who helped Tom with his homework.
I'm the one who helped Tom.
I'm the one who hit Tom.
I'm the one who inspired Tom to do that.
I'm the one who introduced Tom to Mary.
I'm the one who introduced Tom to his wife.
I'm the one who is handling this.
I'm the one who killed Tom.
I'm the one who killed her.
I'm the one who killed him.
I'm the one who killed them.
I'm the one who kissed Tom.
I'm the one who knocked on the door.
I'm the one who knows how to do that.
I'm the one who knows what has to be done.
I'm the one who knows what needs to be done.
I'm the one who knows what should be done.
I'm the one who knows what to do.
I'm the one who left early.
I'm the one who let Tom get away.
I'm the one who lost all our money.
I'm the one who loves you.
I'm the one who made Tom do that.
I'm the one who made Tom eat a frog.
I'm the one who made Tom quit drinking.
I'm the one who made Tom quit smoking.
I'm the one who made that decision.
I'm the one who made this mess.
I'm the one who made this.
I'm the one who makes coffee in the morning.
I'm the one who makes the decisions.
I'm the one who makes the rules here.
I'm the one who makes the schedule.
I'm the one who met him.
I'm the one who milks the cow.
I'm the one who mows our lawn.
I'm the one who mows the lawn.
I'm the one who needed to do that.
I'm the one who needs help.
I'm the one who needs to deal with this problem.
I'm the one who needs to do that.
I'm the one who needs to do this.
I'm the one who needs to talk to Tom.
I'm the one who organized everything.
I'm the one who organized the party.
I'm the one who ought to apologize.
I'm the one who ought to do that.
I'm the one who owns all this land.
I'm the one who paid for Tom's French lessons.
I'm the one who paid for that ticket.
I'm the one who paid for the book.
I'm the one who paid for the tickets.
I'm the one who painted the fence.
I'm the one who painted the garage.
I'm the one who painted this picture.
I'm the one who pays all the bills.
I'm the one who persuaded Tom to help.
I'm the one who picked those flowers.
I'm the one who planned the party.
I'm the one who planned this.
I'm the one who planted the roses in our garden.
I'm the one who planted this tree.
I'm the one who punched Tom.
I'm the one who puts the children to bed.
I'm the one who puts the children to sleep.
I'm the one who raised Tom.
I'm the one who raised her.
I'm the one who raised him.
I'm the one who raised the prices.
I'm the one who raised them.
I'm the one who reads fastest.
I'm the one who really knows Tom.
I'm the one who recommended Tom for that job.
I'm the one who recommended Tom for the job.
I'm the one who recommended Tom for this job.
I'm the one who recommended that you do that.
I'm the one who refused.
I'm the one who rescued Tom.
I'm the one who rescued her.
I'm the one who rescued him.
I'm the one who rescued them.
I'm the one who rescued you.
I'm the one who rinses.
I'm the one who said we should take a break.
I'm the one who saved Tom.
I'm the one who saved her.
I'm the one who saved him.
I'm the one who saved them.
I'm the one who saved you.
I'm the one who sent this package.
I'm the one who set this all up.
I'm the one who shot Tom.
I'm the one who should apologize.
I'm the one who should be apologizing.
I'm the one who should be doing that.
I'm the one who should be doing this.
I'm the one who should be helping Tom.
I'm the one who should be thanking Tom.
I'm the one who should be thanking you.
I'm the one who should do that.
I'm the one who should have done that.
I'm the one who should have gone to Boston.
I'm the one who should resign.
I'm the one who should stay here with Tom.
I'm the one who should stay.
I'm the one who should thank you.
I'm the one who should've done that.
I'm the one who should've gone to Australia.
I'm the one who should've gone to Boston.
I'm the one who showed Tom around Australia.
I'm the one who showed Tom around Boston.
I'm the one who showed Tom how to do that.
I'm the one who showed Tom how to tie a square knot.
I'm the one who spoke with the Polish ambassador.
I'm the one who started all this.
I'm the one who started the fight.
I'm the one who started the fire.
I'm the one who stole Tom's money.
I'm the one who stole the painting.
I'm the one who stole your money.
I'm the one who suggested doing that.
I'm the one who suggested doing this.
I'm the one who suggested leaving early.
I'm the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine.
I'm the one who suggested she sell her Kabyle dress.
I'm the one who suggested that Tom do that.
I'm the one who suggested that Tom go out with Mary.
I'm the one who suggested that we do this.
I'm the one who suggested that we leave early.
I'm the one who suggested that we not do this.
I'm the one who suggested that we raise prices.
I'm the one who suggested that we take a break.
I'm the one who suggested that we visit the castle.
I'm the one who suggested that.
I'm the one who suggested this.
I'm the one who suggested we do this.
I'm the one who swims the fastest.
I'm the one who swims the slowest.
I'm the one who takes out the garbage.
I'm the one who talked Tom into doing that.
I'm the one who talked to Tom about Mary.
I'm the one who talked to Tom about that.
I'm the one who taught Tom French.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to do that.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to drive.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to milk a cow.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to play poker.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to play that song.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to play the dulcimer.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to play the saxophone.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to ride a bicycle.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to ride a horse.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to say "thank you" in French.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to sing harmony.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to swim.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to water ski.
I'm the one who taught Tom that song.
I'm the one who thought you hated me.
I'm the one who told Mary that she needed to study French.
I'm the one who told Mary that she should study French.
I'm the one who told Tom about Mary's accident.
I'm the one who told Tom about Mary.
I'm the one who told Tom about that.
I'm the one who told Tom about what Mary did yesterday.
I'm the one who told Tom about what Mary did.
I'm the one who told Tom about what happened.
I'm the one who told Tom about what you did yesterday.
I'm the one who told Tom about your accident.
I'm the one who told Tom about your party.
I'm the one who told Tom and Mary that they needed to study French.
I'm the one who told Tom and Mary that they should study French.
I'm the one who told Tom he didn't need to attend today's meeting.
I'm the one who told Tom how to do that.
I'm the one who told Tom not to do that again.
I'm the one who told Tom not to do that anymore.
I'm the one who told Tom not to do that.
I'm the one who told Tom not to trust Mary.
I'm the one who told Tom not to trust you.
I'm the one who told Tom that Mary didn't like him.
I'm the one who told Tom that Mary had had an accident.
I'm the one who told Tom that Mary's house had burned down.
I'm the one who told Tom that he needed to study French.
I'm the one who told Tom that he should read that book.
I'm the one who told Tom that he should study French.
I'm the one who told Tom that.
I'm the one who told Tom to do that.
I'm the one who told Tom to stay at home.
I'm the one who told Tom what happened.
I'm the one who told Tom what to do.
I'm the one who told Tom when the meeting would be.
I'm the one who told Tom where Mary lived.
I'm the one who told Tom where to find you.
I'm the one who told Tom where you lived.
I'm the one who told Tom who to give it to.
I'm the one who told Tom why he needed to go to Australia.
I'm the one who told Tom why he needed to go to Boston.
I'm the one who told Tom your phone number.
I'm the one who told that to Tom.
I'm the one who took care of Tom when his mother was in the hospital.
I'm the one who took care of Tom's dog while he was in Australia.
I'm the one who took care of Tom's dog while he was in Boston.
I'm the one who took care of that.
I'm the one who took out the garbage this morning.
I'm the one who took the bandage off of Tom's arm.
I'm the one who took these pictures.
I'm the one who took this picture.
I'm the one who translated that article.
I'm the one who translated this article.
I'm the one who turned off the lights.
I'm the one who turned on the lights.
I'm the one who usually cooks dinner.
I'm the one who usually does that.
I'm the one who usually does the cooking.
I'm the one who usually does the driving.
I'm the one who usually does the laundry.
I'm the one who usually does this.
I'm the one who usually ends up feeding our dog.
I'm the one who usually gets stuck doing this.
I'm the one who usually helps Tom do his homework.
I'm the one who usually milks the goat.
I'm the one who usually takes out the garbage.
I'm the one who usually takes the rubbish out.
I'm the one who usually washes the car.
I'm the one who usually washes the dishes.
I'm the one who usually weeds the garden.
I'm the one who wanted Tom to do that.
I'm the one who wanted to do that.
I'm the one who wanted to get here early.
I'm the one who wanted to wait.
I'm the one who wants to be with you.
I'm the one who wants to do that.
I'm the one who warned Tom not to do that.
I'm the one who warned Tom that this might happen.
I'm the one who was here last week.
I'm the one who was here yesterday.
I'm the one who was wounded in the foot.
I'm the one who washed the car.
I'm the one who went to Australia with Tom.
I'm the one who went to Boston with Tom.
I'm the one who went to Boston.
I'm the one who will go for you.
I'm the one who woke Tom up.
I'm the one who won.
I'm the one who wrote Tom's speech.
I'm the one who wrote that letter.
I'm the one who wrote the song that Tom sang.
I'm the one who wrote this story.
I'm the one who'll be doing that.
I'm the one who'll be paying this bill.
I'm the one who'll do that for you.
I'm the one who'll most likely have to do that.
I'm the one who'll need to clean up this mess.
I'm the one who'll take care of you.
I'm the one who's bad.
I'm the one who's been doing that.
I'm the one who's been lied to.
I'm the one who's been teaching Tom French.
I'm the one who's bossing everyone around here.
I'm the one who's crazy.
I'm the one who's going to die.
I'm the one who's going to do that for you.
I'm the one who's going to have to do that if Tom and Mary don't.
I'm the one who's going to have to do that if Tom doesn't.
I'm the one who's going to have to do that.
I'm the one who's going to help you do that.
I'm the one who's hungry.
I'm the one who's ill.
I'm the one who's in a hurry.
I'm the one who's right.
I'm the one who's scared.
I'm the one who's sick.
I'm the one who's supposed to be doing that.
I'm the one whose father was killed.
I'm the one with the bomb.
I'm the one with the car.
I'm the one with the heaviest burden.
I'm the one with the money.
I'm the one you should be listening to.
I'm the one you talked to on the phone.
I'm the one you want.
I'm the one you're waiting for, I think.
I'm the one.
I'm the only Brazilian who can't speak Portuguese and dance samba.
I'm the only guy in this class.
I'm the only here who can do that.
I'm the only one allowed to do that.
I'm the only one allowed to do this.
I'm the only one around.
I'm the only one at the hostel who doesn't speak French.
I'm the only one here allowed to do that.
I'm the only one here not able to do that.
I'm the only one here now.
I'm the only one here permitted to do that.
I'm the only one here right now.
I'm the only one here that can speak French.
I'm the only one here that doesn't know French.
I'm the only one here that really knows Tom.
I'm the only one here who can do that.
I'm the only one here who can speak French.
I'm the only one here who can't do that.
I'm the only one here who can't speak French.
I'm the only one here who doesn't have a computer.
I'm the only one here who doesn't speak French.
I'm the only one here who doesn't understand French.
I'm the only one here who has a motorcycle.
I'm the only one here who has experience doing this.
I'm the only one here who has never lived in Boston.
I'm the only one here who hasn't gotten lucky.
I'm the only one here who isn't afraid of snakes.
I'm the only one here who knows French.
I'm the only one here who knows how to speak French.
I'm the only one here who knows what Tom and Mary look like.
I'm the only one here who knows what Tom looks like.
I'm the only one here who knows where Tom and Mary live.
I'm the only one here who knows where Tom lives.
I'm the only one here who likes volleyball.
I'm the only one here who really knows Tom.
I'm the only one here who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
I'm the only one here who understands French.
I'm the only one here who's never lived in Australia.
I'm the only one here.
I'm the only one in my family who can speak French.
I'm the only one in my family who can't speak French.
I'm the only one in my family who doesn't speak French.
I'm the only one in my family who has ever studied French.
I'm the only one in my family who has gone to college.
I'm the only one in my family who knows how to speak French.
I'm the only one in my family who likes pork more than beef.
I'm the only one in my family who speaks French.
I'm the only one in my generation who has never had a phone.
I'm the only one in our class who can speak French.
I'm the only one in our class who doesn't want to study French.
I'm the only one in our class who wants to study French.
I'm the only one in our family who doesn't know French.
I'm the only one in the middle.
I'm the only one in this group who doesn't speak French.
I'm the only one in this office that no one is afraid of.
I'm the only one in this office that no one is scared of.
I'm the only one in this office who can speak French.
I'm the only one left here.
I'm the only one left.
I'm the only one likely to be able to do that.
I'm the only one other than Tom who knows how to fix this.
I'm the only one other than Tom who thinks Mary isn't ugly.
I'm the only one permitted to do that.
I'm the only one planning on doing that.
I'm the only one planning to do that.
I'm the only one qualified to do this.
I'm the only one still in contact with Tom.
I'm the only one that can help Tom with that.
I'm the only one that did that wrong.
I'm the only one that did that.
I'm the only one that had to do that.
I'm the only one that has to do that.
I'm the only one that is allowed to do this.
I'm the only one that needs to do that.
I'm the only one that works around here!
I'm the only one that's allowed to do this.
I'm the only one to get the job done.
I'm the only one who can do that.
I'm the only one who can do this.
I'm the only one who can get them for you.
I'm the only one who can help Tom right now.
I'm the only one who can help Tom with that.
I'm the only one who can help Tom.
I'm the only one who can help you do that.
I'm the only one who can help you.
I'm the only one who can stop Tom.
I'm the only one who can tell you what you need to know.
I'm the only one who can't do that.
I'm the only one who could have done that.
I'm the only one who could've done that.
I'm the only one who couldn't do that.
I'm the only one who did that.
I'm the only one who didn't do that.
I'm the only one who didn't have to do that.
I'm the only one who didn't need to do that.
I'm the only one who didn't pass the test.
I'm the only one who didn't want to do that.
I'm the only one who does that.
I'm the only one who doesn't know Uyghur.
I'm the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
I'm the only one who doesn't want to do that.
I'm the only one who enjoyed doing that.
I'm the only one who enjoys doing that.
I'm the only one who ever really helped Tom.
I'm the only one who ever really knew Tom.
I'm the only one who ever really liked Tom.
I'm the only one who ever really talked to Tom.
I'm the only one who ever really understood Tom.
I'm the only one who felt like doing that.
I'm the only one who had to do that.
I'm the only one who has a camera.
I'm the only one who has a key to my apartment.
I'm the only one who has done that.
I'm the only one who has to do that again tomorrow.
I'm the only one who has to do that.
I'm the only one who has to leave.
I'm the only one who isn't able to do that.
I'm the only one who knew how to do that.
I'm the only one who knew the answer.
I'm the only one who know where Tom and Mary are.
I'm the only one who knows for sure.
I'm the only one who knows how to do that.
I'm the only one who knows how to do this.
I'm the only one who knows how to fix that.
I'm the only one who knows how to fix this.
I'm the only one who knows them.
I'm the only one who knows what needs to be done.
I'm the only one who knows what the problem is.
I'm the only one who knows what to do.
I'm the only one who knows what we have to do.
I'm the only one who knows what we need to do.
I'm the only one who knows where Tom hid his valuables.
I'm the only one who knows where Tom hid the gold coins.
I'm the only one who knows where Tom is.
I'm the only one who knows your secret.
I'm the only one who knows.
I'm the only one who laughed.
I'm the only one who likes doing that.
I'm the only one who needed to do that.
I'm the only one who needs to do that.
I'm the only one who really knows Tom.
I'm the only one who really knows very much about Tom.
I'm the only one who really understands Tom.
I'm the only one who seems to be having any fun.
I'm the only one who seems to know how to do that.
I'm the only one who should have done that.
I'm the only one who should've done that.
I'm the only one who stayed after the party to help Tom clean up.
I'm the only one who stayed awake all night.
I'm the only one who survived the accident.
I'm the only one who survived.
I'm the only one who tells the truth.
I'm the only one who thinks it's a bad idea to do that.
I'm the only one who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
I'm the only one who understands Tom.
I'm the only one who understands you.
I'm the only one who understands.
I'm the only one who volunteered to help Tom do that.
I'm the only one who wanted to do that.
I'm the only one who wants to do that.
I'm the only one who was able to do that without help.
I'm the only one who wasn't at Tom's party.
I'm the only one who won't be at the meeting today.
I'm the only one who'll do that.
I'm the only one who's able to do that.
I'm the only one who's allowed to do this.
I'm the only one who's already done that.
I'm the only one who's been doing that.
I'm the only one who's doing that now.
I'm the only one who's doing that.
I'm the only one who's done that.
I'm the only one who's likely to be able to do that.
I'm the only one who's scared.
I'm the only one who's supposed to do that.
I'm the only one with a flashlight.
I'm the only one with a key to this locker.
I'm the only one with a key to this room.
I'm the only one with a torch.
I'm the only one with the password.
I'm the only one working here who can speak French.
I'm the only one you can trust.
I'm the only other person who can do that.
I'm the only other person who could have done that.
I'm the only other person who could've done that.
I'm the only other person who couldn't do that.
I'm the only other person who needed to do that.
I'm the only other person who needs to do that.
I'm the only other person who should have done that.
I'm the only other person who should've done that.
I'm the only other person who wanted to do that.
I'm the only person Tom ever talks to.
I'm the only person Tom knows in Australia.
I'm the only person Tom knows in this town.
I'm the only person Tom knows who can play chess.
I'm the only person here right now.
I'm the only person here that Tom seems to trust.
I'm the only person here who can do that.
I'm the only person here who can speak French.
I'm the only person here who can't do that.
I'm the only person in the office who can do that.
I'm the only person in the office who can speak French.
I'm the only person my age who has never owned a phone.
I'm the only person that can do that.
I'm the only person that can help Tom do that.
I'm the only person that can probably help Tom do that.
I'm the only person who can do that, I think.
I'm the only person who can do that.
I'm the only person who can do this.
I'm the only person who can help Tom and Mary do that.
I'm the only person who can help Tom do that.
I'm the only person who can help Tom today.
I'm the only person who can help Tom.
I'm the only person who can help you now.
I'm the only person who can probably help Tom do that.
I'm the only person who can probably help you do that.
I'm the only person who can show you how to do that.
I'm the only person who did that.
I'm the only person who didn't do that.
I'm the only person who didn't want to do that.
I'm the only person who had to do that.
I'm the only person who has to do that.
I'm the only person who knows how to do that.
I'm the only person who knows where Tom and Mary are.
I'm the only person who knows where Tom is.
I'm the only person who needs to do that.
I'm the only person who should have done that.
I'm the only person who should've done that.
I'm the only person who wants to do that.
I'm the only single guy on the team.
I'm the only student in my class who doesn't have a car.
I'm the only student in our class who can speak French.
I'm the only survivor.
I'm the only tea drinker in our family. Everyone else drinks coffee.
I'm the only witness.
I'm the organist.
I'm the owner of a German car.
I'm the owner of the house.
I'm the owner of this building.
I'm the owner of this company.
I'm the owner of this house.
I'm the owner of this land.
I'm the owner of this restaurant.
I'm the owner.
I'm the patrol leader.
I'm the perfect man for you.
I'm the perfect woman for him.
I'm the person Tom and Mary are waiting for.
I'm the person Tom is waiting for.
I'm the person in charge.
I'm the person responsible for everything that happened.
I'm the person that did that.
I'm the person that has to do that.
I'm the person that needs to do that.
I'm the person who did that yesterday.
I'm the person who did that.
I'm the person who does that for Tom.
I'm the person who does that.
I'm the person who gave Tom that bicycle.
I'm the person who has to do that.
I'm the person who needs to do that.
I'm the person who taught Tom French.
I'm the person who will take the last piece of food from the table when everyone is pretending they're full.
I'm the person you've been looking for.
I'm the poet without shame.
I'm the preacher who married Tom and Mary.
I'm the president of the United States. Don't ever talk to the president that way.
I'm the priest who married Tom and Mary?
I'm the producer.
I'm the project manager.
I'm the quarterback of the team.
I'm the quickest.
I'm the reason Tom came to see you.
I'm the reason that Tom came to see you.
I'm the regional champion.
I'm the richest man in the world.
I'm the richest man in these parts.
I'm the richest one here.
I'm the richest.
I'm the same age as Tom and Mary are.
I'm the same age as Tom is.
I'm the same age as Tom.
I'm the same age as you are.
I'm the same age as you.
I'm the same height as Tom is.
I'm the same height as Tom.
I'm the same height as he is.
I'm the same height as you are.
I'm the same height as you.
I'm the same weight as Tom is.
I'm the same weight as Tom.
I'm the same.
I'm the second deuce.
I'm the second oldest of three children.
I'm the shameless bard.
I'm the shortest in my class.
I'm the shortest kid in my class.
I'm the shortest one in my class.
I'm the shortest person here.
I'm the sixth child.
I'm the sixth son.
I'm the skipper.
I'm the smartest man in the world.
I'm the smartest one here, I think.
I'm the smartest.
I'm the sole reason this company failed.
I'm the sole survivor.
I'm the spokesperson for this organization.
I'm the stay-at-home type.
I'm the store manager.
I'm the strongest.
I'm the subject of his love poetry.
I'm the supervisor.
I'm the supplier of my customers, and the customer of my suppliers.
I'm the surgeon.
I'm the tallest boy in our class.
I'm the tallest boy in the class.
I'm the tallest in our class.
I'm the tallest in the class.
I'm the tallest kid in my class.
I'm the tallest kid in the class.
I'm the tallest one in the class.
I'm the tallest person here.
I'm the tallest.
I'm the teacher.
I'm the team captain.
I'm the team manager.
I'm the team's head coach.
I'm the third generation born in this country.
I'm the third youngest child on this ship.
I'm the third youngest person on the team.
I'm the third youngest student in my class.
I'm the type of person who always has to have his own way.
I'm the type of person who always has to have the last word.
I'm the type of person who doesn't care about how they look.
I'm the type that avoids risk like the plague.
I'm the type who gets nervous in front of people, so I'm bad at speech making.
I'm the type who likes to think things over very carefully.
I'm the victim here.
I'm the weekend nurse.
I'm the winner.
I'm the witchfinder general.
I'm the world champion now.
I'm the worst singer in the group.
I'm the worst student in the class.
I'm the wrong person to ask.
I'm the youngest child in the family.
I'm the youngest child.
I'm the youngest here.
I'm the youngest in my class.
I'm the youngest in my department.
I'm the youngest in the family.
I'm the youngest kid in my class.
I'm the youngest of four sisters.
I'm the youngest of three children.
I'm the youngest of three sisters.
I'm the youngest one at my job.
I'm the youngest one here.
I'm the youngest person here.
I'm the youngest.
I'm their lawyer.
I'm their worst nightmare.
I'm theoretically home next weekend.
I'm there all the time.
I'm there for you.
I'm there.
I'm thin, but not too thin.
I'm thin.
I'm thinking I should take French next year.
I'm thinking I'll take a few days off.
I'm thinking about Algeria.
I'm thinking about Tom right now.
I'm thinking about a chemistry problem.
I'm thinking about applying for that job.
I'm thinking about becoming an oracle.
I'm thinking about breaking up with my girlfriend.
I'm thinking about buying a car, but I'm still not sure which color to pick.
I'm thinking about buying a new car.
I'm thinking about buying a new chair.
I'm thinking about buying a new house.
I'm thinking about buying a new parasol.
I'm thinking about buying one of those.
I'm thinking about changing careers.
I'm thinking about changing jobs.
I'm thinking about changing my profile picture.
I'm thinking about changing my supplier.
I'm thinking about complaining about my son's teacher at the kindergarten.
I'm thinking about doing that.
I'm thinking about getting a dog.
I'm thinking about getting married.
I'm thinking about going back into teaching.
I'm thinking about going on a trip.
I'm thinking about going out today.
I'm thinking about going to Australia.
I'm thinking about going to Boston.
I'm thinking about going to college.
I'm thinking about it.
I'm thinking about learning Korean next semester.
I'm thinking about learning Korean this semester.
I'm thinking about leaving.
I'm thinking about life.
I'm thinking about moving to Australia.
I'm thinking about moving to Boston.
I'm thinking about moving.
I'm thinking about my children.
I'm thinking about my girlfriend.
I'm thinking about ordering another drink.
I'm thinking about painting my house.
I'm thinking about putting my house up for sale.
I'm thinking about quitting smoking.
I'm thinking about selling my motorcycle.
I'm thinking about something else.
I'm thinking about something.
I'm thinking about staying at home tomorrow.
I'm thinking about staying home tomorrow.
I'm thinking about studying Farsi.
I'm thinking about studying French.
I'm thinking about taking a break.
I'm thinking about taking a staycation.
I'm thinking about taking a vacation.
I'm thinking about telling her what I really think of her.
I'm thinking about that matter.
I'm thinking about that now.
I'm thinking about that problem right now.
I'm thinking about that.
I'm thinking about the problem.
I'm thinking about traveling to Europe with a friend.
I'm thinking about traveling to Europe with some of my friends.
I'm thinking about visiting my friend next year.
I'm thinking about water, about a blanket to suffocate the flames.
I'm thinking about what I should buy.
I'm thinking about what I'll tell you when I get there.
I'm thinking about what I'll tell you.
I'm thinking about what I'm going to do.
I'm thinking about what happened.
I'm thinking about what to do next.
I'm thinking about what to tell you.
I'm thinking about what we need to do next.
I'm thinking about which college might be best for me.
I'm thinking about you now.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about your plan.
I'm thinking as fast as I can.
I'm thinking for myself.
I'm thinking he was a kind man.
I'm thinking it over.
I'm thinking like, if I still get to experience that in my lifetime, I'm really gonna love doing that!
I'm thinking now.
I'm thinking of becoming a nun.
I'm thinking of burning your roost.
I'm thinking of buying a car.
I'm thinking of buying a house on Park Street.
I'm thinking of buying a house.
I'm thinking of buying a new bicycle.
I'm thinking of buying a new car.
I'm thinking of buying a new house.
I'm thinking of changing jobs.
I'm thinking of changing majors.
I'm thinking of closing my savings account.
I'm thinking of coming to Australia with my wife next month.
I'm thinking of coming to Boston with my wife next month.
I'm thinking of doing a cover for this song.
I'm thinking of doing nothing.
I'm thinking of doing that again.
I'm thinking of doing that now.
I'm thinking of doing that tomorrow.
I'm thinking of doing that.
I'm thinking of dropping out of school.
I'm thinking of embarking on a new career.
I'm thinking of firing you.
I'm thinking of getting a dog.
I'm thinking of getting a new bicycle.
I'm thinking of getting a tattoo.
I'm thinking of getting me one of those.
I'm thinking of getting this translated into French.
I'm thinking of giving him this bicycle.
I'm thinking of going abroad next year.
I'm thinking of going abroad.
I'm thinking of going back to Boston for a little while.
I'm thinking of going back to Boston with Tom.
I'm thinking of going back to Boston.
I'm thinking of going for a walk.
I'm thinking of going into politics.
I'm thinking of going somewhere for a change of air, since my doctor advises me to.
I'm thinking of going to Australia as well.
I'm thinking of going to Australia for Christmas.
I'm thinking of going to Australia in October.
I'm thinking of going to Australia next month.
I'm thinking of going to Australia next spring.
I'm thinking of going to Australia next year.
I'm thinking of going to Australia to visit Tom.
I'm thinking of going to Australia with my wife next month.
I'm thinking of going to Australia, too.
I'm thinking of going to Australia.
I'm thinking of going to Boston for Christmas.
I'm thinking of going to Boston next month.
I'm thinking of going to Boston next spring.
I'm thinking of going to Boston next week.
I'm thinking of going to Boston to visit Tom.
I'm thinking of going to Boston tomorrow.
I'm thinking of going to Boston with my wife next month.
I'm thinking of going to Boston.
I'm thinking of going to Canada next year.
I'm thinking of going to Disneyland for my next date with Jane.
I'm thinking of going to Disneyland on my next date with Jane.
I'm thinking of going to Europe.
I'm thinking of going to Germany to study medicine.
I'm thinking of going to Los Angeles.
I'm thinking of going to Paris.
I'm thinking of going to Vancouver to meet relatives.
I'm thinking of going to the States during the summer vacation.
I'm thinking of going to the beauty parlor tomorrow. Which do you think is better, long or short?
I'm thinking of going.
I'm thinking of having dinner at 5.
I'm thinking of having dinner at 6:00.
I'm thinking of having dinner at six o'clock.
I'm thinking of having dinner at six.
I'm thinking of hiring a financial consultant.
I'm thinking of how we're going to get back home.
I'm thinking of increasing my work load.
I'm thinking of introducing myself to Tom.
I'm thinking of launching a new website.
I'm thinking of learning French next semester.
I'm thinking of learning Korean next semester.
I'm thinking of making a Christmas wreath out of these pinecones.
I'm thinking of matching you against Yoshida in the race.
I'm thinking of moving in with Tom.
I'm thinking of moving in with her.
I'm thinking of moving in with him.
I'm thinking of moving to a new city.
I'm thinking of moving.
I'm thinking of offering her the position.
I'm thinking of opening up a store.
I'm thinking of resigning at once.
I'm thinking of resigning.
I'm thinking of running for senator.
I'm thinking of selling my car.
I'm thinking of starting a business.
I'm thinking of starting my own company eventually.
I'm thinking of staying in Australia a little longer.
I'm thinking of staying in Boston a little longer.
I'm thinking of staying in tonight.
I'm thinking of switching majors.
I'm thinking of taking a French class next semester.
I'm thinking of taking on that job.
I'm thinking of taking some time off.
I'm thinking of taking you to see Mr Jenkins.
I'm thinking of the plan.
I'm thinking of translating this into French.
I'm thinking of traveling to the USA during the summer holidays.
I'm thinking of visiting you one of these days.
I'm thinking of writing a book.
I'm thinking of you.
I'm thinking that I might accept that job offer.
I'm thinking that I should take French next year.
I'm thinking that lately, maybe the students are licking me.
I'm thinking that lately, maybe the students are making fun of me.
I'm thinking that maybe I'll do that.
I'm thinking the same thing.
I'm thinking there may not be enough time for me to eat before the meeting.
I'm thinking things I shouldn't say.
I'm thinking we should go somewhere together.
I'm thinking we should move.
I'm thinking.
I'm thirsty for blood.
I'm thirsty for knowledge.
I'm thirsty, I need water!
I'm thirsty, I want to drink.
I'm thirsty, and I'm also hungry.
I'm thirsty, so bring me a beer.
I'm thirsty.
I'm thirsty. Bring me a beer!
I'm thirsty. Can I have a glass of water?
I'm thirsty. Do you have any beer?
I'm thirsty. Do you have anything to drink?
I'm thirsty. I'd like a cold drink.
I'm thirsty. Please give me a cold drink.
I'm thirsty. Please give me something cold to drink.
I'm thirteen now.
I'm thirteen years old now.
I'm thirteen years old.
I'm thirteen.
I'm thirty minutes late already.
I'm thirty minutes late.
I'm thirty now.
I'm thirty years old and you are ten years older, arent you?
I'm thirty years old now.
I'm thirty years old today.
I'm thirty years old, too.
I'm thirty years old.
I'm thirty years older than you.
I'm thirty-four.
I'm thirty-three.
I'm thirty.
I'm this close to failing my math class.
I'm thorough.
I'm thousands of kilometres from home.
I'm three blocks away.
I'm three hours away.
I'm three inches taller than you are.
I'm three inches taller than you.
I'm three months away from graduation.
I'm three months behind on the schoolwork.
I'm three months older than Tom.
I'm three months younger than you.
I'm three thousand dollars in debt.
I'm three times as big as you.
I'm three weeks away from retirement.
I'm three years old.
I'm three years older than Tom and Mary are.
I'm three years older than Tom is.
I'm three years older than Tom.
I'm three years older than her.
I'm three years older than him.
I'm three years older than my brother.
I'm three years older than them.
I'm three years older than you are.
I'm three years older than you.
I'm three years younger than Mary.
I'm three years younger than Tom is.
I'm three years younger than Tom.
I'm three years younger than he is.
I'm three years younger than you are.
I'm three years younger than you.
I'm three.
I'm thrifty.
I'm thrilled about everything.
I'm thrilled about that.
I'm thrilled the Giants won.
I'm thrilled to be back.
I'm thrilled to be here.
I'm thrilled to be working with you.
I'm thrilled to go.
I'm thrilled to meet you.
I'm thrilled to see it.
I'm thrilled with my purchase.
I'm thrilled.
I'm through doing that, but Tom isn't.
I'm through doing that.
I'm through here.
I'm through listening to you.
I'm through with Mary.
I'm through with Tom.
I'm through with her.
I'm through with him.
I'm through with my work.
I'm through with my work. Let's go out.
I'm through with them.
I'm through with you.
I'm through.
I'm throwing Tom a going-away party.
I'm throwing a party tomorrow.
I'm throwing in the towel!
I'm throwing in the towel.
I'm throwing out the microwave.
I'm throwing up on you.
I'm tickled pink about winning 10,000 yen at the horse races.
I'm tickled pink to be here.
I'm ticklish behind my knees.
I'm ticklish.
I'm tidy.
I'm tidying my office.
I'm tidying up a bit around the house before the arrival of guests because I wouldn't want them to see all that mess.
I'm tidying up.
I'm tied up at the office.
I'm tied up now.
I'm tied up now. Could you make it later?
I'm tied up right now.
I'm tied up with a project that is due Friday.
I'm tied up with this job recently.
I'm timid.
I'm tipsy.
I'm tired all the time.
I'm tired already.
I'm tired and I have a headache.
I'm tired and I want to go home.
I'm tired and I want to go to bed.
I'm tired and I've lost my power to concentrate.
I'm tired and bored.
I'm tired and can't concentrate.
I'm tired and can't go on working.
I'm tired and discouraged.
I'm tired and hungry. Tomorrow I mustn't eat or drink for religious reasons.
I'm tired and old.
I'm tired and sleepy.
I'm tired and want to go to bed.
I'm tired and want to lie down to sleep.
I'm tired and want to sleep.
I'm tired and would like to lie down to sleep.
I'm tired because I walked too much.
I'm tired because I worked too much.
I'm tired but I can't sleep.
I'm tired but I'll do it anyway.
I'm tired from lack of sleep.
I'm tired from reading.
I'm tired from studying all night.
I'm tired from the long walk.
I'm tired from this trip.
I'm tired now.
I'm tired now. Can we do this later?
I'm tired of Australia.
I'm tired of Boston.
I'm tired of TV.
I'm tired of Tom imposing his opinions on me.
I'm tired of Tom ramming his ideas down my throat.
I'm tired of Tom shoving his opinions down my throat.
I'm tired of Tom's complaining.
I'm tired of Tom's complaints.
I'm tired of Tom's constant complaining.
I'm tired of Tom.
I'm tired of all his complaints.
I'm tired of all the fighting.
I'm tired of all the lies.
I'm tired of all these lies.
I'm tired of all these rules.
I'm tired of all this nagging.
I'm tired of all this noise.
I'm tired of all this rigamarole.
I'm tired of all this.
I'm tired of all your complaining.
I'm tired of all your complaints.
I'm tired of all your fussing.
I'm tired of altering my plans every time you change your mind.
I'm tired of always conforming to your standards.
I'm tired of always eating the same thing.
I'm tired of always having to charge my cell phone.
I'm tired of always having to do all the work.
I'm tired of always listening to the same kind of music.
I'm tired of always talking about this.
I'm tired of answering questions.
I'm tired of arguing with you.
I'm tired of arguing.
I'm tired of backgammon.
I'm tired of being alone.
I'm tired of being angry.
I'm tired of being at home all day.
I'm tired of being careful.
I'm tired of being lied to.
I'm tired of being married.
I'm tired of being retired.
I'm tired of being right.
I'm tired of being sick.
I'm tired of being the one who has to do everything around here.
I'm tired of being tired.
I'm tired of being treated like a child.
I'm tired of being treated like a kid.
I'm tired of being treated like an annoyance.
I'm tired of being treated like this.
I'm tired of being treated this way.
I'm tired of being your slave.
I'm tired of challenges.
I'm tired of cleaning up after you.
I'm tired of constantly questioning myself.
I'm tired of covering for you.
I'm tired of dancing.
I'm tired of dealing with nitwits who can't follow simple instructions.
I'm tired of dealing with people like Tom.
I'm tired of dealing with this mess.
I'm tired of dealing with this problem.
I'm tired of dealing with you.
I'm tired of discussing it.
I'm tired of disinformation on Tatoeba.
I'm tired of doing that every day.
I'm tired of doing that.
I'm tired of doing this.
I'm tired of driving.
I'm tired of eating at the same place every day.
I'm tired of eating at the school cafeteria.
I'm tired of eating bananas.
I'm tired of eating bread.
I'm tired of eating fast food.
I'm tired of eating fish.
I'm tired of eating in the school cafeteria.
I'm tired of eating meat.
I'm tired of eating potatoes every day.
I'm tired of eating sausages.
I'm tired of eating the same food every day.
I'm tired of eating the same thing every day.
I'm tired of eating the same thing for breakfast every day.
I'm tired of everything.
I'm tired of everything; I would like nothing more than to be in the Canary Islands.
I'm tired of feeling like I don't belong.
I'm tired of fighting with you.
I'm tired of fighting.
I'm tired of fish.
I'm tired of games.
I'm tired of going to conferences.
I'm tired of going up so many stairs.
I'm tired of hanging out with Tom.
I'm tired of hanging out with you.
I'm tired of hearing about Tom and Mary.
I'm tired of hearing about Tom.
I'm tired of hearing everybody's hot takes.
I'm tired of hearing laughing, whistling, and now, clapping.
I'm tired of hearing questions like "What colour is my hoodie?" when someone finds out that I'm colour-blind.
I'm tired of hearing that.
I'm tired of hearing this from Brazilians.
I'm tired of hearing you call Tom an idiot.
I'm tired of hearing you complaining.
I'm tired of hearing you moan and groan.
I'm tired of hearing you pull arguments out of who knows where.
I'm tired of hearing your boastful tales.
I'm tired of hearing your complaints.
I'm tired of hearing your constant grumbling.
I'm tired of hearing your excuses.
I'm tired of her complaints.
I'm tired of hiding.
I'm tired of high school.
I'm tired of him bawling me out.
I'm tired of him!
I'm tired of his reproaches.
I'm tired of homework.
I'm tired of ironing.
I'm tired of it all.
I'm tired of it.
I'm tired of its being me all the time.
I'm tired of just sitting here and doing nothing.
I'm tired of keeping secrets.
I'm tired of lazy bothsidesism.
I'm tired of life.
I'm tired of listening incessantly to other people's problems.
I'm tired of listening to Tom.
I'm tired of listening to all of Tom's bragging.
I'm tired of listening to her.
I'm tired of listening to him.
I'm tired of listening to his boasts.
I'm tired of listening to them.
I'm tired of listening to you.
I'm tired of listening to your bragging.
I'm tired of listening to your complaints.
I'm tired of listening to your stupid inanities.
I'm tired of living alone.
I'm tired of living and scared of dying.
I'm tired of living here.
I'm tired of living in fear.
I'm tired of living in this house under your rules.
I'm tired of living like this.
I'm tired of living this kind of life.
I'm tired of living this life.
I'm tired of living with you.
I'm tired of living.
I'm tired of looking after my aging parents.
I'm tired of losing.
I'm tired of lying to Tom.
I'm tired of making ends meet.
I'm tired of making the best of things.
I'm tired of modern music.
I'm tired of museums, - graveyards of the arts.
I'm tired of my husband's trash cluttering up my car.
I'm tired of my kids crying.
I'm tired of my monotonous life.
I'm tired of never having good cell service.
I'm tired of no one taking me seriously.
I'm tired of people insinuating there's something going on between us.
I'm tired of people like you.
I'm tired of people telling me what to do.
I'm tired of picking up after you.
I'm tired of playing games.
I'm tired of playing this game.
I'm tired of playing with this.
I'm tired of playing.
I'm tired of pretending that what happened didn't happen.
I'm tired of pretending to be somebody I'm not.
I'm tired of pretending to be somebody that I'm not.
I'm tired of pretending to be someone I'm not.
I'm tired of pretending to be someone that I'm not.
I'm tired of pretending to be something I'm not.
I'm tired of pretending.
I'm tired of reading about Tom.
I'm tired of reading.
I'm tired of reminding you to clean the pool. It's your responsibility too!
I'm tired of repeating the same mistakes.
I'm tired of running.
I'm tired of salads.
I'm tired of saying the same things over and over again.
I'm tired of school cafeteria food.
I'm tired of seeing your face on the news.
I'm tired of seeing your faces.
I'm tired of singing.
I'm tired of sitting.
I'm tired of slogans.
I'm tired of standing here waiting.
I'm tired of standing up.
I'm tired of standing.
I'm tired of studying.
I'm tired of studying. Let's go out for a drink.
I'm tired of swimming.
I'm tired of taking orders from you.
I'm tired of talking about that idiot.
I'm tired of talking to you about this.
I'm tired of talking to you!
I'm tired of that.
I'm tired of the day-to-day routine of life.
I'm tired of the food in the school canteen.
I'm tired of the game.
I'm tired of the monotonous life.
I'm tired of the work.
I'm tired of these games of yours. I'm done here.
I'm tired of these rules.
I'm tired of this Germanic language.
I'm tired of this crossword puzzle.
I'm tired of this game.
I'm tired of this humdrum existence.
I'm tired of this mess.
I'm tired of this monotonous life.
I'm tired of this place.
I'm tired of this stupidity.
I'm tired of this weather.
I'm tired of this, grandma.
I'm tired of this.
I'm tired of tidying up after you.
I'm tired of translating.
I'm tired of trying to believe all your lies.
I'm tired of trying to convince Tom to do that.
I'm tired of waiting for Tom to do that.
I'm tired of waiting for Tom.
I'm tired of waiting for things to happen.
I'm tired of waiting for you to do that.
I'm tired of waiting in line.
I'm tired of waiting to do all the things I want to do.
I'm tired of waiting.
I'm tired of walking around the store.
I'm tired of walking, I think I'm going to run.
I'm tired of walking.
I'm tired of walking. Let's get a little bit of rest.
I'm tired of watching TV.
I'm tired of watching TV. Let's do something else.
I'm tired of watching movies.
I'm tired of watching television.
I'm tired of work. I want to have lunch.
I'm tired of working a nine-to-five job.
I'm tired of working every day from morning till night.
I'm tired of working so much.
I'm tired of writing.
I'm tired of you guys.
I'm tired of you.
I'm tired of your anti-science jibe from your religion.
I'm tired of your beating around the bush.
I'm tired of your bragging.
I'm tired of your comments.
I'm tired of your complaints.
I'm tired of your diarrheal logorrhoea.
I'm tired of your endless bragging.
I'm tired of your endless complaints.
I'm tired of your everlasting grumbles.
I'm tired of your excuses!
I'm tired of your excuses.
I'm tired of your lies.
I'm tired of your nagging.
I'm tired of your snide remarks.
I'm tired of your stubbornness.
I'm tired of your stupid questions.
I'm tired of your stupidity.
I'm tired of your whining.
I'm tired out.
I'm tired to make a brave guy.
I'm tired to the point of collapse.
I'm tired today.
I'm tired!
I'm tired, and I make a lot of mistakes when I'm tired.
I'm tired, and a bit annoyed.
I'm tired, but I can't fall asleep.
I'm tired, but I still can't fall asleep.
I'm tired, but I still can't go to sleep.
I'm tired, but I still have a lot of work I need to do.
I'm tired, but I'll study hard.
I'm tired, but I'm going anyway.
I'm tired, but happy to be here.
I'm tired, but not sleepy.
I'm tired, hungry and thirsty.
I'm tired, so I don't want to do that.
I'm tired, so I should get some rest.
I'm tired, so I think I'll turn in now.
I'm tired, so I won't do that.
I'm tired, so I'm going to bed early.
I'm tired, so I'm going to go to bed early.
I'm tired, so I'm gonna go to sleep.
I'm tired, that's all.
I'm tired, too.
I'm tired.
I'm tired. Can you read me a story?
I'm tired. How about you?
I'm tired. I have to go to sleep.
I'm tired. I just want to go on the teacup ride and take it easy.
I'm tired. I'd better take some rest before I go out.
I'm tired. I'd like to go to bed now.
I'm tired. I'll sit here for five minutes.
I'm tired. I'm going home.
I'm tired. I'm going to bed.
I'm tired. I'm going to lie down.
I'm tired. I've got to go now.
I'm tired. It's been a long day.
I'm tired. Let's go home.
I'm tired. Still, I've got homework to do.
I'm tired. Still, I've got to get on with my homework.
I'm tired; I can't go on.
I'm tired; I can't keep walking.
I'm tired; I think I'm going to go to bed.
I'm to be blamed for that matter.
I'm to blame for all of this.
I'm to blame for it.
I'm to blame for my son's failure.
I'm to blame, not you.
I'm to blame.
I'm to fly there.
I'm to give this back to Tom tomorrow.
I'm to go there today.
I'm to meet Tom at 2:30 at the main gate.
I'm to meet Tom at 2:30.
I'm to meet him at five at the station.
I'm to the east of the west.
I'm told "idiot" is a bad word, but where I grew up it doesn't really feel that bad.
I'm told I was a cute kid.
I'm told by everybody that I am strange.
I'm told congratulations are in order.
I'm told it went well.
I'm told that Tom likes to work on his own.
I'm told that eating jelly helps grow strong nails.
I'm told that he's ill in bed.
I'm told you're a good teacher.
I'm tolerant.
I'm tone deaf.
I'm tone-deaf.
I'm tongue tied.
I'm too ashamed.
I'm too awesome for this world.
I'm too beautiful for this world.
I'm too big.
I'm too busy at work.
I'm too busy doing homework right now. Can we talk later?
I'm too busy for the moment.
I'm too busy for this.
I'm too busy next week.
I'm too busy right now to do that. Could we do it later?
I'm too busy to attend the party.
I'm too busy to come.
I'm too busy to deal with that right now.
I'm too busy to deal with you right now.
I'm too busy to do that now.
I'm too busy to do that right now.
I'm too busy to do that today.
I'm too busy to do that.
I'm too busy to go there.
I'm too busy to go.
I'm too busy to have time to enjoy myself.
I'm too busy to help Tom.
I'm too busy to help her.
I'm too busy to help him.
I'm too busy to help you do that today.
I'm too busy to help you do that.
I'm too busy to help you right now.
I'm too busy to help you today.
I'm too busy to help you.
I'm too busy to make lunch. Could you make it?
I'm too busy to see Tom.
I'm too busy to see her.
I'm too busy to see him.
I'm too busy to see them.
I'm too busy to spend time with you today.
I'm too busy to talk to you now.
I'm too busy to talk with Tom right now.
I'm too busy watching Frozen right now. Can it wait until later?
I'm too busy.
I'm too busy. I can't take on any new work.
I'm too cheap to play anything but homebrew PC games.
I'm too competitive.
I'm too confused!
I'm too depressed to do that now.
I'm too depressed to do that.
I'm too depressed to eat.
I'm too dirty to come inside.
I'm too dirty.
I'm too drunk for this now.
I'm too drunk to be of much help.
I'm too drunk to do that now.
I'm too drunk to do that.
I'm too drunk to drive home.
I'm too drunk to drive.
I'm too drunk to help you do that.
I'm too drunk.
I'm too dumb for this world.
I'm too dumb.
I'm too excited to eat anything.
I'm too excited to sleep.
I'm too exhausted to do that now.
I'm too exhausted to move.
I'm too exhausted to study.
I'm too fast.
I'm too fat.
I'm too frivolous.
I'm too full to move.
I'm too full.
I'm too happy for you.
I'm too happy!
I'm too heavy.
I'm too high.
I'm too hungry to study.
I'm too late.
I'm too lazy to cook.
I'm too lazy to do my homework.
I'm too lazy to do that.
I'm too lazy to travel.
I'm too lazy to wake up at six o'clock in the morning.
I'm too lazy to work.
I'm too lazy.
I'm too much of a lazybones.
I'm too naive.
I'm too nervous to do that.
I'm too nervous to eat anything.
I'm too nice.
I'm too nosy.
I'm too often angry.
I'm too old for Mary.
I'm too old for Tom.
I'm too old for her.
I'm too old for him.
I'm too old for love-hate relationships.
I'm too old for such things.
I'm too old for that shit.
I'm too old for that.
I'm too old for these things.
I'm too old for this sort of thing.
I'm too old for this world.
I'm too old for this.
I'm too old for you.
I'm too old to be a living nurse. You handle that.
I'm too old to be doing this kind of thing.
I'm too old to be doing this.
I'm too old to contribute anymore to society.
I'm too old to dance.
I'm too old to do something like that.
I'm too old to do that anymore.
I'm too old to do that.
I'm too old to go to Australia.
I'm too old to go to Germany.
I'm too old to have children now.
I'm too old to play with bugs.
I'm too old to play with you guys.
I'm too old to please women, but I'm rich enough to pay them.
I'm too old to run now.
I'm too old to start doing that now.
I'm too old to start learning how to snowboard.
I'm too old to start over.
I'm too old to wear something like that.
I'm too old to work.
I'm too old.
I'm too out of shape to do that.
I'm too overweight to do that.
I'm too petrified to speak.
I'm too poor to buy a new suit.
I'm too poor to get married.
I'm too poor to hire a lawyer.
I'm too poor to marry her.
I'm too poor.
I'm too rich.
I'm too scared to do anything.
I'm too scared to do it by myself.
I'm too scared to do it on my own.
I'm too scared to go near the beehive.
I'm too scared to go there again.
I'm too scared to go there by myself.
I'm too scared to say anything.
I'm too scared to think.
I'm too short to reach the top shelf.
I'm too short to see over the wall.
I'm too short.
I'm too shy to do that.
I'm too sick to do that now.
I'm too sick to do that.
I'm too sick to work.
I'm too sick.
I'm too sleepy to do my homework.
I'm too sleepy to do that now.
I'm too sleepy to do that.
I'm too sleepy to drive.
I'm too sleepy to eat.
I'm too sleepy.
I'm too slow.
I'm too small.
I'm too smart to be caught that easily.
I'm too smart to do something that stupid.
I'm too stiff to do anything today.
I'm too strict.
I'm too stupid for this world.
I'm too stupid to do that.
I'm too stupid to learn foreign languages. I'll find myself another hobby.
I'm too thin.
I'm too tired for that now.
I'm too tired of arguing.
I'm too tired to argue.
I'm too tired to bike home.
I'm too tired to climb.
I'm too tired to concentrate on this problem right now.
I'm too tired to continue working.
I'm too tired to continue.
I'm too tired to cook tonight.
I'm too tired to cycle home.
I'm too tired to deal with this problem right now.
I'm too tired to do any more work today.
I'm too tired to do anything else today.
I'm too tired to do anything else.
I'm too tired to do anything now.
I'm too tired to do anything right now.
I'm too tired to do anything today.
I'm too tired to do anything.
I'm too tired to do study.
I'm too tired to do that now.
I'm too tired to do that right now.
I'm too tired to do that today.
I'm too tired to do that.
I'm too tired to do this.
I'm too tired to drive.
I'm too tired to drive. Could you drive?
I'm too tired to eat now.
I'm too tired to eat.
I'm too tired to go any further.
I'm too tired to go jogging now.
I'm too tired to go on.
I'm too tired to go out for a run.
I'm too tired to go out jogging.
I'm too tired to go shopping.
I'm too tired to go swimming today.
I'm too tired to help you do that now.
I'm too tired to help you do that today.
I'm too tired to help you do that.
I'm too tired to help you now.
I'm too tired to help.
I'm too tired to keep on walking.
I'm too tired to keep working.
I'm too tired to play this game.
I'm too tired to ride my bicycle back home.
I'm too tired to run.
I'm too tired to speak to him in Berber.
I'm too tired to study now.
I'm too tired to study.
I'm too tired to swim.
I'm too tired to talk.
I'm too tired to think about that now.
I'm too tired to think about this problem now.
I'm too tired to think.
I'm too tired to walk any further.
I'm too tired to walk any longer.
I'm too tired to walk any more.
I'm too tired to walk home.
I'm too tired to walk.
I'm too tired to work out.
I'm too tired to work.
I'm too tired today to do that.
I'm too tired tonight.
I'm too tired.
I'm too ugly to enter a beauty contest.
I'm too weak and can't stand up.
I'm too weak to do that.
I'm too weak to fight.
I'm too weak to work.
I'm too weak.
I'm too young for Playboy Magazine.
I'm too young for that.
I'm too young to apply for the job.
I'm too young to buy beer.
I'm too young to die!
I'm too young to die.
I'm too young to do that by myself.
I'm too young to do that yet.
I'm too young to do that.
I'm too young to drink beer.
I'm too young to drink.
I'm too young to drive a car.
I'm too young to get a driver's license.
I'm too young to get married.
I'm too young to go there alone.
I'm too young to go to school.
I'm too young to join the army.
I'm too young to live by myself.
I'm too young to talk to about anything serious.
I'm too young.
I'm tormented by the noise of traffic.
I'm tossing and turning, repeatedly thinking about what happened today, deeply remorseful.
I'm totally Algerian.
I'm totally against capital punishment.
I'm totally and completely in love with you.
I'm totally boned!
I'm totally confused.
I'm totally drunk.
I'm totally exhausted.
I'm totally fed up with shitty junks like this.
I'm totally fine with that.
I'm totally free.
I'm totally in your hands.
I'm totally indifferent to it.
I'm totally into it.
I'm totally lost.
I'm totally not a scholar.
I'm totally not exaggerating.
I'm totally over Tom.
I'm totally over her.
I'm totally over him.
I'm totally over you.
I'm totally serious.
I'm totally skint.
I'm totally up for it.
I'm totally wasted.
I'm touched by you saying that to me.
I'm touched by your concern.
I'm touched you remembered.
I'm touched.
I'm tough.
I'm tougher than I look.
I'm tougher than you think.
I'm toying with the idea.
I'm tracking a buck.
I'm trained as an EMT.
I'm training every day.
I'm training for a triathlon.
I'm training for the triathlon.
I'm training hard at the moment.
I'm training my cat to go to the litter box.
I'm training with my friends.
I'm trans.
I'm transferring.
I'm transgender.
I'm translating a book.
I'm translating a movie.
I'm translating an article.
I'm translating for Tom.
I'm translating sentences.
I'm translating the messages of the bot from English to Hungarian.
I'm translating this sentence from English into Icelandic.
I'm trapped behind the refrigerator. Send help.
I'm trapped here.
I'm trapped in here.
I'm trapped.
I'm traveling alone.
I'm traveling at my own expense.
I'm traveling by myself.
I'm traveling by plane.
I'm traveling light.
I'm traveling on a tight schedule. I don't have the time.
I'm traveling to Kabylie.
I'm traveling to Spain.
I'm traveling west.
I'm traveling, and I'd like to make an appointment.
I'm traveling.
I'm travelling alone.
I'm travelling by myself.
I'm travelling to Paris tomorrow.
I'm travelling to her.
I'm travelling to the Alps for Christmas.
I'm treated as a foreigner in Brazil.
I'm treating myself.
I'm trembling out of fear.
I'm troubled by split ends.
I'm troubled by the fact that you deceived me.
I'm troubled by this birth-mark.
I'm troubled by this mole.
I'm troubled by this wart.
I'm troubled by what happened.
I'm troubled with atopic dermatitis.
I'm troubled, too.
I'm troubled.
I'm trouting.
I'm true to my wife.
I'm truly flattered!
I'm truly grateful!
I'm truly happy.
I'm truly horrified.
I'm truly impressed with you.
I'm truly impressed.
I'm truly one of the lucky ones.
I'm truly saddened by this news.
I'm truly sorry about what happened.
I'm truly sorry for having offended you.
I'm truly sorry for having returned home late.
I'm truly sorry for my limited contribution.
I'm truly sorry for the pain I caused you. I'll do whatever it takes to make it up to you.
I'm truly sorry for what I said.
I'm truly sorry to have to say this.
I'm truly sorry.
I'm truly touched.
I'm trusting you.
I'm trustworthy.
I'm truthful.
I'm trying a new recipe.
I'm trying as hard as I can to help Tom.
I'm trying as hard as I can.
I'm trying hard not to laugh out loud.
I'm trying hard not to laugh.
I'm trying hard to get this done before 2:30.
I'm trying hard to give up smoking.
I'm trying hard to make this feel like a compliment.
I'm trying hard to quit smoking.
I'm trying hard, but can't think of her name.
I'm trying hard.
I'm trying here.
I'm trying mah-jong for the first time.
I'm trying my best here.
I'm trying my best to finish this report on time.
I'm trying my best to forget about what we did that day.
I'm trying my best to forget that ever happened.
I'm trying my best to forget that.
I'm trying my best to get it done.
I'm trying my best to provide for you and your brother.
I'm trying my best to provide for you and your sister.
I'm trying my best to understand how you feel.
I'm trying my best.
I'm trying my hand at it.
I'm trying my level best.
I'm trying not to be seen.
I'm trying not to be trip and fall.
I'm trying not to cough.
I'm trying not to cry.
I'm trying not to do anything to upset Tom.
I'm trying not to fall asleep.
I'm trying not to freak out.
I'm trying not to get emotional.
I'm trying not to get in anybody's way.
I'm trying not to laugh.
I'm trying not to make Tom angry.
I'm trying not to make Tom mad.
I'm trying not to make any noise.
I'm trying not to panic.
I'm trying not to sneeze.
I'm trying not to think about it.
I'm trying not to think about that.
I'm trying not to waste my time.
I'm trying not to watch television.
I'm trying not to worry too much.
I'm trying not to yawn.
I'm trying out for my school's soccer team. Even though I haven't played in a while, I still feel like I have a shot.
I'm trying really hard.
I'm trying something different this time.
I'm trying something new.
I'm trying to act casual.
I'm trying to apologize.
I'm trying to appeal to the reasonable side of people.
I'm trying to avoid Tom.
I'm trying to avoid her.
I'm trying to avoid him.
I'm trying to avoid them.
I'm trying to balance it out.
I'm trying to be a good person.
I'm trying to be as much like Tom as I possibly can.
I'm trying to be brave.
I'm trying to be cautious.
I'm trying to be cooperative.
I'm trying to be fair.
I'm trying to be friendly.
I'm trying to be happy.
I'm trying to be helpful.
I'm trying to be less passive-aggressive.
I'm trying to be nice.
I'm trying to be optimistic.
I'm trying to be patient.
I'm trying to be practical here.
I'm trying to be quiet.
I'm trying to be reasonable.
I'm trying to be sensitive to your needs.
I'm trying to be sincere.
I'm trying to be supportive.
I'm trying to be the best Muslim that one can be.
I'm trying to be understanding, but its becoming difficult.
I'm trying to become a singer.
I'm trying to become an expert in using axes.
I'm trying to become more powerful.
I'm trying to break myself of the habit.
I'm trying to break the password of this file.
I'm trying to calm Tom down.
I'm trying to calm her down.
I'm trying to calm them down.
I'm trying to catch up with the rest of the class.
I'm trying to change that.
I'm trying to change.
I'm trying to cheer Tom up.
I'm trying to cheer you up.
I'm trying to clean the house.
I'm trying to combine them all.
I'm trying to compare these to find out which dictionary is better, this one or that one.
I'm trying to compensate.
I'm trying to concentrate but that stupid dog's yapping is not helping.
I'm trying to concentrate.
I'm trying to conduct an investigation.
I'm trying to conquer her heart.
I'm trying to contact Tom.
I'm trying to contact his sister.
I'm trying to convince Tom to do that.
I'm trying to convince myself that I'm doing the right thing.
I'm trying to create it.
I'm trying to create this.
I'm trying to decide what I should do.
I'm trying to decide what to do next.
I'm trying to decide what to do.
I'm trying to decipher this abbreviation.
I'm trying to distance myself from politics and it's inadequatenesses.
I'm trying to do a lot things at the same time, and it's starting to get confusing.
I'm trying to do just that.
I'm trying to do more.
I'm trying to do my best.
I'm trying to do my job.
I'm trying to do something.
I'm trying to do that now.
I'm trying to do that right now.
I'm trying to do that.
I'm trying to do the right thing.
I'm trying to do this.
I'm trying to do what's best for everybody.
I'm trying to do what's right.
I'm trying to do you a favor.
I'm trying to do you a favour.
I'm trying to earn enough money to buy a bicycle.
I'm trying to eat fast.
I'm trying to eat healthier, so I had Benedito make me a salad.
I'm trying to eat more vegetables.
I'm trying to enjoy life.
I'm trying to erase that from my memory.
I'm trying to expand my network.
I'm trying to explain my ideas.
I'm trying to explain this to you so you can understand it.
I'm trying to explain, but you're not listening to me.
I'm trying to explain, but you're not paying attention.
I'm trying to fake my death, but people keep finding out I'm alive.
I'm trying to figure it all out.
I'm trying to figure it out just like you are.
I'm trying to figure it out.
I'm trying to figure out a solution.
I'm trying to figure out a way to help you.
I'm trying to figure out how Tom did that.
I'm trying to figure out how it happened.
I'm trying to figure out how to do that.
I'm trying to figure out how to do this.
I'm trying to figure out how to help you.
I'm trying to figure out how to solve the problem by myself.
I'm trying to figure out how you managed to do that without anyone finding out.
I'm trying to figure out how you managed to do that.
I'm trying to figure out my next move.
I'm trying to figure out something.
I'm trying to figure out what I have to do.
I'm trying to figure out what I need to do.
I'm trying to figure out what I ought to do.
I'm trying to figure out what I should do.
I'm trying to figure out what happened.
I'm trying to figure out what to do next.
I'm trying to figure out what to do.
I'm trying to figure out what to tell Tom.
I'm trying to figure out what we should do.
I'm trying to figure out what you do for fun.
I'm trying to figure out what you have to do.
I'm trying to figure out what you need to do.
I'm trying to figure out what you ought to do.
I'm trying to figure out what you should do.
I'm trying to figure out what's going on.
I'm trying to figure out what's open and what isn't.
I'm trying to figure out what's wrong.
I'm trying to figure out when we should do that.
I'm trying to figure out where I should go.
I'm trying to figure out where we met before.
I'm trying to figure out whether I can leave the state.
I'm trying to figure out why Tom left.
I'm trying to figure out why it happened.
I'm trying to figure out why that happened.
I'm trying to figure out why the engine won't start.
I'm trying to figure something out.
I'm trying to figure that out right now.
I'm trying to figure things out.
I'm trying to fill the gaps in my education by taking online courses and reading widely.
I'm trying to find Park Street.
I'm trying to find Tom.
I'm trying to find a green sweater in extra large.
I'm trying to find a job.
I'm trying to find a lawyer to handle my case.
I'm trying to find a new job.
I'm trying to find a picture of Tom.
I'm trying to find a publisher for the book I just finished writing.
I'm trying to find a solution.
I'm trying to find a way out.
I'm trying to find a way to get it done.
I'm trying to find a way to make money.
I'm trying to find her.
I'm trying to find him.
I'm trying to find my balance back.
I'm trying to find my dog.
I'm trying to find out how it happened.
I'm trying to find out the truth.
I'm trying to find out what happened.
I'm trying to find out when it happened.
I'm trying to find out where it happened.
I'm trying to find out why Tom left early.
I'm trying to find out why it happened.
I'm trying to find out why we have to do that.
I'm trying to find out why we need to do that.
I'm trying to find some help.
I'm trying to find that black skirt I wore last week.
I'm trying to find the person who did this.
I'm trying to find the person who owns this guitar.
I'm trying to find the post office.
I'm trying to find them.
I'm trying to find ways to stop smoking.
I'm trying to finish this book.
I'm trying to finish this crossword puzzle before Tom gets here.
I'm trying to fix a leak.
I'm trying to fix it.
I'm trying to follow these stupid rules.
I'm trying to forget something.
I'm trying to gain weight.
I'm trying to get a hold of Tom.
I'm trying to get a tan.
I'm trying to get back in shape.
I'm trying to get back into shape.
I'm trying to get caught up now.
I'm trying to get enough money to buy a new guitar.
I'm trying to get everyone to call me Tom.
I'm trying to get fatter.
I'm trying to get fit.
I'm trying to get in touch with Tom.
I'm trying to get in touch with her sister.
I'm trying to get in touch with his sister.
I'm trying to get in touch with my sister.
I'm trying to get into shape.
I'm trying to get my children back.
I'm trying to get my eyes to cry and I'm trying to get myself to cry, but the tears won't come out no matter how hard I try to get them to come out.
I'm trying to get out of here.
I'm trying to get pregnant.
I'm trying to get some help.
I'm trying to get some rest.
I'm trying to get some sleep.
I'm trying to get someone to help me.
I'm trying to get someone to tell me what to do.
I'm trying to get the earwax out of my earbuds with a pencil.
I'm trying to get this door open.
I'm trying to get to Tom.
I'm trying to get to her.
I'm trying to get to him.
I'm trying to get to sleep.
I'm trying to get to them.
I'm trying to get used to being paralyzed.
I'm trying to get used to driving on the left side of the road.
I'm trying to get used to this.
I'm trying to get you to focus here.
I'm trying to get you to tell me what happened.
I'm trying to get your parents to like me.
I'm trying to give you a chance to do that right thing.
I'm trying to grasp the meaning of this sentence.
I'm trying to grumble.
I'm trying to have a civilized discussion with you. You're the one who's being unreasonable here.
I'm trying to have a fucking serious conversation with you.
I'm trying to have a grown-up conversation with you.
I'm trying to have a nap.
I'm trying to have it finished tonight.
I'm trying to have it ready tonight.
I'm trying to help Mary, but she won't let me.
I'm trying to help Tom and Mary, but they won't let me.
I'm trying to help Tom so he doesn't make the same mistakes I did.
I'm trying to help Tom, but he won't let me.
I'm trying to help Tom.
I'm trying to help a friend.
I'm trying to help her.
I'm trying to help him.
I'm trying to help now.
I'm trying to help them.
I'm trying to help you become a better person.
I'm trying to help you keep your job.
I'm trying to help you, you asshole!
I'm trying to help you.
I'm trying to help.
I'm trying to hold it!
I'm trying to hone my skills.
I'm trying to ignore it.
I'm trying to imagine that.
I'm trying to impress Tom.
I'm trying to impress her.
I'm trying to impress him.
I'm trying to impress them.
I'm trying to improve my French.
I'm trying to improve.
I'm trying to keep Tom alive.
I'm trying to keep Tom away from Mary.
I'm trying to keep Tom out of trouble.
I'm trying to keep an open mind.
I'm trying to keep awake.
I'm trying to keep cool.
I'm trying to keep her alive.
I'm trying to keep him alive.
I'm trying to keep my bad reputation.
I'm trying to keep them alive.
I'm trying to keep up.
I'm trying to keep you alive.
I'm trying to keep you safe.
I'm trying to learn Berber.
I'm trying to learn English.
I'm trying to learn French.
I'm trying to learn Spanish.
I'm trying to learn Toki Pona, but I see that it is very difficult to master such a simplified language.
I'm trying to learn as much as I can from Tom.
I'm trying to learn how to do it.
I'm trying to leave a little space for dessert.
I'm trying to leave room for afters.
I'm trying to listen.
I'm trying to live within my means.
I'm trying to lose the weight that I gained during my vacation.
I'm trying to lose weight.
I'm trying to maintain my current weight.
I'm trying to make Tom understand.
I'm trying to make a good first impression.
I'm trying to make a living here.
I'm trying to make a point here.
I'm trying to make a point.
I'm trying to make it the best that I can.
I'm trying to make my handwriting more legible.
I'm trying to make sense of her.
I'm trying to make sense of it.
I'm trying to make the best of a bad situation.
I'm trying to make up for lost time.
I'm trying to match these puzzle pieces.
I'm trying to meditate.
I'm trying to meet a deadline.
I'm trying to meet the deadline.
I'm trying to memorize my speech.
I'm trying to memorize the names of constellations.
I'm trying to memorize this poem.
I'm trying to move on with my life.
I'm trying to muster the courage to square up to him.
I'm trying to nap.
I'm trying to open this door.
I'm trying to panhandle enough money to get a sandwich.
I'm trying to pay off my loans.
I'm trying to piece together what happened.
I'm trying to practice.
I'm trying to protect Tom from some very bad people.
I'm trying to protect Tom.
I'm trying to protect her.
I'm trying to protect him.
I'm trying to protect them.
I'm trying to protect you.
I'm trying to prove Tom's innocence.
I'm trying to prove it.
I'm trying to put on weight.
I'm trying to quit smoking.
I'm trying to quit.
I'm trying to reach Tom.
I'm trying to reach her.
I'm trying to reach him.
I'm trying to reach them.
I'm trying to read here.
I'm trying to reduce my carbon footprint.
I'm trying to regain my balance.
I'm trying to remedy the problem.
I'm trying to remember Tom's face, but I can't.
I'm trying to remember how this works.
I'm trying to remember the first time I met you.
I'm trying to remember the first time that I met you.
I'm trying to remember the last time I saw you.
I'm trying to remember the name of the article.
I'm trying to remember the name of the book.
I'm trying to remember the name of the movie.
I'm trying to remember when I last saw you.
I'm trying to remember where I put my passport.
I'm trying to remember.
I'm trying to resist the urge to do that.
I'm trying to rest.
I'm trying to rid myself of this bad habit.
I'm trying to save Tom's life.
I'm trying to save Tom.
I'm trying to save as much money as I can.
I'm trying to save as much money as possible.
I'm trying to save her.
I'm trying to save him.
I'm trying to save money.
I'm trying to save more money.
I'm trying to save room for dessert.
I'm trying to save them.
I'm trying to save up some money so I can move out of my parents' house.
I'm trying to save up some money.
I'm trying to save you.
I'm trying to save your life.
I'm trying to say something.
I'm trying to sell all my old books.
I'm trying to sell everything I own.
I'm trying to sell my farm, but I haven't had any offers so far.
I'm trying to sell my old books.
I'm trying to sleep and there are fireworks.
I'm trying to sleep.
I'm trying to slim down.
I'm trying to solve the problem.
I'm trying to solve this problem.
I'm trying to spare your feelings.
I'm trying to speak German more often.
I'm trying to speak German more.
I'm trying to speak German.
I'm trying to square the circle.
I'm trying to stay awake.
I'm trying to stay calm.
I'm trying to stay out of trouble.
I'm trying to stay positive.
I'm trying to stop Tom from doing something really stupid.
I'm trying to stop Tom from making the same mistakes I did.
I'm trying to stop Tom.
I'm trying to stop her.
I'm trying to stop him.
I'm trying to stop myself but I'm not successful.
I'm trying to stop them.
I'm trying to stop you from making a big mistake.
I'm trying to stop you from making the biggest mistake of your life.
I'm trying to study, but I can't concentrate.
I'm trying to study, so please be quiet.
I'm trying to study.
I'm trying to study. Could you please be quiet?
I'm trying to suss her out.
I'm trying to take it easy.
I'm trying to talk on the telephone. Could you please be quiet?
I'm trying to talk to her.
I'm trying to talk to you.
I'm trying to talk.
I'm trying to teach my parrot to speak Chinese.
I'm trying to teach people what Islam is.
I'm trying to tell you what happened.
I'm trying to tell you what needs to be done.
I'm trying to tell you what to do next.
I'm trying to think of a better plan.
I'm trying to think of a good example sentence for the Japanese word "shiwaza", but I can't come up with one.
I'm trying to think of another plan.
I'm trying to think of some ideas for this article I'm writing.
I'm trying to think of something to do.
I'm trying to think.
I'm trying to throw this cold off.
I'm trying to tidy things up a bit.
I'm trying to track down my biological father.
I'm trying to translate a song.
I'm trying to translate.
I'm trying to understand how all the pieces fit together.
I'm trying to understand it.
I'm trying to understand why that happens.
I'm trying to understand why you didn't do it.
I'm trying to understand why you don't want to live with us.
I'm trying to understand you.
I'm trying to understand.
I'm trying to verify the problem you reported.
I'm trying to wake up.
I'm trying to watch less television.
I'm trying to win.
I'm trying to work here.
I'm trying to work now.
I'm trying to work on that.
I'm trying to work out here. Do you want to spot me?
I'm trying to work out this problem.
I'm trying to work.
I'm trying to wrap my head around it.
I'm trying to write a book.
I'm trying to write a poem.
I'm trying to write a short story.
I'm trying to write an article.
I'm trying to write an essay.
I'm trying very hard not to cry.
I'm trying very hard to do that right thing.
I'm trying very hard to get this done by 2:30.
I'm trying very hard.
I'm trying, but it's not working.
I'm trying.
I'm tuckered out.
I'm turned on.
I'm turning forty this month.
I'm turning in early today.
I'm turning into a snob, I think.
I'm turning into my dad.
I'm turning into my mom.
I'm turning it over to you.
I'm turning myself in. Please don't shoot.
I'm turning off the light.
I'm turning red.
I'm turning sixteen in a month.
I'm turning the light off.
I'm turning the radio up because it's too low.
I'm turning thirteen on Monday.
I'm turning thirty in October.
I'm turning thirty in a month.
I'm turning thirty next Monday.
I'm turning thirty next month.
I'm turning thirty on October twentieth.
I'm turning thirty soon.
I'm turning thirty this October.
I'm turning thirty.
I'm turning to you for guidance.
I'm tutoring Tom in French, and in return he's tutoring me in biology.
I'm tweeting on Twitter.
I'm twelve years old.
I'm twelve.
I'm twenty years old.
I'm twenty-five.
I'm twenty-four years old.
I'm twenty-seven years old.
I'm twenty-three years old.
I'm twenty-two years old and also I speak six languages fluently.
I'm twice Tom's age.
I'm twice as big as Tom.
I'm twice as busy as I was before.
I'm twice as heavy as you are.
I'm twice as hungry as I was before.
I'm twice as old as Tom.
I'm twice as old as you are.
I'm twice your age.
I'm two years younger than Tom.
I'm two years younger than he is.
I'm two years younger than him.
I'm two years younger than my brother.
I'm tying my shoes.
I'm tying up some loose ends.
I'm typing in a minimized document.
I'm typing this from space.
I'm typing.
I'm ugly.
I'm unable to answer all of your questions.
I'm unable to answer that question.
I'm unable to concentrate.
I'm unable to do it.
I'm unable to do manual labor.
I'm unable to do manual labour.
I'm unable to do so.
I'm unable to do that on my own.
I'm unable to do that right now.
I'm unable to do that today.
I'm unable to do that.
I'm unable to do this.
I'm unable to explain why that happened.
I'm unable to function alone.
I'm unable to grasp the correlation between these two things.
I'm unable to help you today.
I'm unable to pay now.
I'm unable to read this difficult text.
I'm unable to resist the temptations of the flesh.
I'm unable to say.
I'm unable to stay calm.
I'm unable to translate this sentence.
I'm unable to walk.
I'm unable to work this week.
I'm unaccustomed to living without electricity.
I'm unaccustomed to this.
I'm unafraid to say he's innocent.
I'm unafraid.
I'm unambitious.
I'm unarmed.
I'm unaware of my direction.
I'm unaware of who possesses them.
I'm unaware of who possesses you.
I'm unbelievably lucky.
I'm unbiased.
I'm uncertain about my lifes direction.
I'm uncertain about what to do.
I'm uncertain what time Tom is coming.
I'm uncertain what time he is coming.
I'm uncomfortable around children.
I'm uncomfortable around people like Tom.
I'm uncomfortable in these new shoes.
I'm uncomfortable with your manners.
I'm uncomfortable.
I'm unconvinced.
I'm undecided about what I should do.
I'm undecided as of yet.
I'm undecided as to whether I should fly to Japan or not.
I'm undecided at this point.
I'm undecided.
I'm undefeated.
I'm under a lot of pressure.
I'm under a lot of stress.
I'm under a tree.
I'm under considerable stress.
I'm under extreme pressure.
I'm under no obligation to tell you that.
I'm under orders.
I'm under quarantine.
I'm under so much pressure, I just want to cry.
I'm under surveillance.
I'm under suspicion, too.
I'm under the blanket.
I'm under the false impression that the whole world is out to get me, but that's entirely false, that's just my mind playing evil tricks on me.
I'm under the impression that it's been raining all day.
I'm under the impression that she has fallen in love with me. What should I do?
I'm under the impression that you've been trying to slowly pull away from me these past days and I'm a bit sad that we've not been able to get closer to each other instead of drifting apart from each other.
I'm under the slight impression that rain isn't so far off from falling down any minute now.
I'm under the tree.
I'm under your spell.
I'm undressing.
I'm uneasy about donating blood.
I'm uneasy about it.
I'm uneasy about the future of this country.
I'm uneasy.
I'm unemployed and so I'm unable to save anything at all.
I'm unemployed as well.
I'm unemployed, I don't have a penny, my father sends me money to live on.
I'm unemployed, too.
I'm unemployed.
I'm unenthusiastic.
I'm unfamiliar with philosophy.
I'm unfamiliar with that accent.
I'm unfamiliar with that term.
I'm unfamiliar with that word.
I'm unhappy about it.
I'm unhappy despite all my wealth.
I'm unhappy with your choices.
I'm unhappy.
I'm unharmed.
I'm unhurt.
I'm unimpressed.
I'm uninjured.
I'm uninsured.
I'm uninterested in sex.
I'm unintimidated.
I'm unique.
I'm unlikely to be here on Monday.
I'm unlikely to be late.
I'm unlikely to come by myself.
I'm unlikely to do that again.
I'm unlikely to do that.
I'm unlikely to ever do that again.
I'm unlikely to ever do that.
I'm unlikely to forget how to do that.
I'm unlikely to forget to do that.
I'm unlikely to go to Australia this year.
I'm unlikely to go to Boston next weekend.
I'm unlikely to start doing that.
I'm unlikely to stop doing that.
I'm unlucky in love.
I'm unlucky.
I'm unmarried.
I'm unnecessary here.
I'm unpopular.
I'm unprejudiced.
I'm unprepared for this.
I'm unrolling the bundle.
I'm unsatisfied with politicians.
I'm unstoppable.
I'm unsubscribing from Tom's channel.
I'm unsubscribing.
I'm unsure about my true desires in life.
I'm unsure about who I should vote for.
I'm unsure how to proceed.
I'm unsure how to react.
I'm unsure if Tom wants to do that.
I'm unsure if this is actually true.
I'm unsure of the regularity.
I'm unsure what Tom wants.
I'm unsure what to do.
I'm unsure what to make of that.
I'm unsure whether Tom wants to do that.
I'm unsure which way to go.
I'm unsure.
I'm untalented.
I'm untidy.
I'm unusual.
I'm unwell today.
I'm unwell, I hope you're not the same.
I'm unwell.
I'm unwilling to do that.
I'm unwilling to risk that.
I'm unwilling to work.
I'm up for any suggestions.
I'm up for it.
I'm up for that.
I'm up for the challenge.
I'm up here because I don't like being around people.
I'm up here.
I'm up in the attic.
I'm up next.
I'm up there.
I'm up to date.
I'm up to here with your unending, insufferable nagging!
I'm up to here!
I'm up to my ears in debt.
I'm up to my ears in work.
I'm up to my neck in debt.
I'm up to my neck in it.
I'm up to my neck in work.
I'm up to no good.
I'm up.
I'm uploading pictures from New Year's Eve.
I'm upset about Tom.
I'm upset about her.
I'm upset about him.
I'm upset about them.
I'm upset at myself.
I'm upset because you broke the bond of trust we had.
I'm upset right now.
I'm upset with Tom.
I'm upset with you.
I'm upset, too.
I'm upset.
I'm upstairs.
I'm urinating.
I'm used to Tom always yelling at me.
I'm used to Tom now.
I'm used to all this.
I'm used to always being in trouble.
I'm used to being around a lot of people.
I'm used to being ignored at the breakfast table.
I'm used to being ignored by my parents.
I'm used to being ignored.
I'm used to being in trouble.
I'm used to being in trouble. That's the kind of life I live.
I'm used to being laughed at.
I'm used to being rejected.
I'm used to being teased for being vegan.
I'm used to being tired.
I'm used to being treated badly.
I'm used to being up until late.
I'm used to cold weather.
I'm used to contemplating the sky at night.
I'm used to controlling the conversation, so I'm learning when to speak up, and when to let other people have their turn to speak.
I'm used to cooking for myself.
I'm used to dealing with these kind of problems.
I'm used to dealing with this kind of problem.
I'm used to doing that alone.
I'm used to doing that in the dark.
I'm used to doing that with Tom.
I'm used to doing that.
I'm used to doing things by myself.
I'm used to doing things differently.
I'm used to doing this kind of thing.
I'm used to doing this.
I'm used to drinking coffee without sugar.
I'm used to driving a truck.
I'm used to driving on the left.
I'm used to eating alone.
I'm used to eating little.
I'm used to eating sweets.
I'm used to everything being traced back to an English sentence like "Tom stuffed too much mayo in his sandwich".
I'm used to getting more sleep.
I'm used to getting my own way.
I'm used to getting up early in the morning.
I'm used to getting up early.
I'm used to going for two kilometre daily walks.
I'm used to going to bed early.
I'm used to going to bed very late.
I'm used to hard work.
I'm used to having my own way.
I'm used to having others hate me.
I'm used to hearing sirens.
I'm used to it by now.
I'm used to it now.
I'm used to it, and you'll get used to it, too.
I'm used to it.
I'm used to keeping early hours.
I'm used to living alone.
I'm used to living on my own.
I'm used to living with what I have.
I'm used to losing.
I'm used to making difficult decisions.
I'm used to making speeches.
I'm used to no one liking me.
I'm used to no-one liking me, and when someone does, I don't know how to act and I end up ruining it.
I'm used to no-one liking me.
I'm used to people not agreeing with me.
I'm used to people not taking me seriously.
I'm used to planning my day in advance.
I'm used to sleeping in a tent.
I'm used to sleeping more.
I'm used to sleeping with the window open.
I'm used to staying awake late into the night.
I'm used to staying up all night.
I'm used to staying up late at night.
I'm used to staying up late.
I'm used to such situations.
I'm used to swimming in the lake.
I'm used to talking about it.
I'm used to talking to children.
I'm used to talking to foreigners.
I'm used to talking to people I don't know.
I'm used to talking to strangers.
I'm used to that.
I'm used to the climate here.
I'm used to the cold.
I'm used to the dark.
I'm used to the heat.
I'm used to the noise.
I'm used to the pain now.
I'm used to the smell.
I'm used to these kinds of decisions.
I'm used to these things.
I'm used to thinking on my feet.
I'm used to this cold weather.
I'm used to this computer.
I'm used to this heat.
I'm used to this kind of cold.
I'm used to this kind of happening.
I'm used to this kind of heat.
I'm used to this kind of thing happening.
I'm used to this kind of thing.
I'm used to this kind of work.
I'm used to this sort of thing.
I'm used to tradition.
I'm used to traveling.
I'm used to trusting people.
I'm used to waiting.
I'm used to walking long distances.
I'm used to walking to work.
I'm used to winning.
I'm used to working all night.
I'm used to working hard.
I'm used to working late.
I'm used to working outdoors.
I'm used to working outside.
I'm useless at French.
I'm useless at geography.
I'm useless at swimming.
I'm useless with names, but I never forget a face.
I'm useless.
I'm using Twitter.
I'm using a Mac and I can't read a Windows 95 file.
I'm using a bowl and a spoon.
I'm using a computer.
I'm using a machine translation.
I'm using a new computer.
I'm using a private teacher.
I'm using a promissory note to pay a bill.
I'm using a tool.
I'm using a tutor.
I'm using a website to learn Berber.
I'm using an expensive watch.
I'm using common sense.
I'm using honey instead of sugar.
I'm using it at the moment.
I'm using it.
I'm using my computer.
I'm using my father's tools.
I'm using non-violent means to express my ideas.
I'm using that computer.
I'm using that cup.
I'm using the computer.
I'm using the hammer right now.
I'm using the passive voice because I don't want to take responsibility for my actions.
I'm using the same book as you are.
I'm using the same books as you are.
I'm using this room as a storeroom.
I'm using this towel for the first time.
I'm using this.
I'm using tools.
I'm using wireless headphones.
I'm usually a very sound sleeper.
I'm usually an outgoing guy.
I'm usually asleep by the time my father gets home.
I'm usually at home Monday afternoons.
I'm usually at home in the evening.
I'm usually at home on Mondays.
I'm usually awake at 8 a.m.
I'm usually awake at eight in the morning.
I'm usually awake by 8:00 a.m.
I'm usually better at reading.
I'm usually broke by the end of the month.
I'm usually busier than Tom is.
I'm usually busier than Tom.
I'm usually busy around this time of year.
I'm usually busy around this time.
I'm usually home on Mondays.
I'm usually hungry again by 2:30.
I'm usually hungry right about this time of day.
I'm usually in pretty good shape, but now I'm a little overweight.
I'm usually more patient than this.
I'm usually not a pineapple-on-pizza kind of person, but pineapple in curry, that's a different story.
I'm usually not here on Mondays.
I'm usually not here this time of day.
I'm usually not scared by movies, but this one got to me.
I'm usually not this busy.
I'm usually not this indecisive.
I'm usually on time.
I'm usually only busy in the morning.
I'm usually pretty good with faces, but I didn't recognize him at all.
I'm usually pretty patient.
I'm usually pretty picky.
I'm usually punctual.
I'm usually quite busy on Mondays.
I'm usually quite frank.
I'm usually quite observant.
I'm usually quite organized.
I'm usually quite patient.
I'm usually right.
I'm usually the first one to get to work and the last to leave.
I'm usually the first one to get to work.
I'm usually the last one to leave the office.
I'm usually the last to leave the office.
I'm usually the one who does that.
I'm usually the one who does the dishes.
I'm usually the one who drives the children to school.
I'm usually the one who feeds the chickens.
I'm usually the one who takes out the garbage.
I'm usually the one who washes the dishes.
I'm usually too busy to do that.
I'm usually too tired to do anything after work.
I'm usually too tired to do anything else.
I'm usually up before dawn.
I'm usually working this time of day.
I'm utterly confused.
I'm utterly convinced of it.
I'm utterly sorry!
I'm utterly speechless. Need I say more?
I'm utterly unsuited to express my feelings.
I'm vacuuming.
I'm vaguely familiar with it.
I'm vegetarian and I love couscous.
I'm vegetarian.
I'm venturesome.
I'm vers.
I'm versatile.
I'm versed in humor, settle in and let me entertain you.
I'm very absent-minded.
I'm very active.
I'm very afraid of dogs.
I'm very afraid of snakes.
I'm very afraid.
I'm very allergic to peanuts.
I'm very ambitious.
I'm very angry about that.
I'm very angry and disappointed.
I'm very angry now.
I'm very angry with Tom.
I'm very angry with them.
I'm very angry with you.
I'm very angry.
I'm very annoyed with Tom.
I'm very anxious about my son's safety.
I'm very anxious to do that.
I'm very appreciative.
I'm very ashamed of it.
I'm very ashamed of myself about what I've done.
I'm very ashamed of myself.
I'm very ashamed.
I'm very attached to Tom.
I'm very attracted to you.
I'm very aware of his conniving ways.
I'm very awkward.
I'm very bad at chess.
I'm very bad with money.
I'm very bitter about that.
I'm very blunt.
I'm very bright.
I'm very broad-minded.
I'm very busy and don't have much free time.
I'm very busy and don't have time for you.
I'm very busy at this time.
I'm very busy back home.
I'm very busy getting ready for the party.
I'm very busy here.
I'm very busy in here.
I'm very busy now, so I can't do that.
I'm very busy now.
I'm very busy practicing after school.
I'm very busy right now.
I'm very busy so I probably won't be able to come tomorrow.
I'm very busy so don't count on me.
I'm very busy so probably I won't be able to come tomorrow.
I'm very busy these days!
I'm very busy these days.
I'm very busy this week.
I'm very busy today.
I'm very busy today. Come tomorrow!
I'm very busy with the examination just before me.
I'm very busy.
I'm very careful with my clothes.
I'm very careful.
I'm very careless.
I'm very cautious.
I'm very choosy.
I'm very clever.
I'm very close to Tom.
I'm very close.
I'm very clumsy.
I'm very cold now.
I'm very cold.
I'm very colorful.
I'm very comfortable with it.
I'm very comfortable with that.
I'm very comfortable.
I'm very committed to doing that.
I'm very committed to this.
I'm very competitive.
I'm very concerned about Tom's health.
I'm very concerned about her illness.
I'm very concerned about it.
I'm very concerned about that.
I'm very concerned about the future of my marriage.
I'm very concerned about these matters.
I'm very concerned about this.
I'm very concerned about you, Tom.
I'm very concerned about you.
I'm very concerned about your health.
I'm very concerned.
I'm very confident in my abilities.
I'm very confident that that's achievable.
I'm very confident that's achievable.
I'm very confident.
I'm very confused by this.
I'm very confused.
I'm very conscientious.
I'm very conscious of my Berber cultural background.
I'm very conservative.
I'm very content with my life.
I'm very contented.
I'm very cool.
I'm very curious about that.
I'm very curious about this.
I'm very curious about why that happened.
I'm very curious to see it.
I'm very curious.
I'm very dangerous.
I'm very dedicated.
I'm very demanding on my employees.
I'm very depressed tonight.
I'm very depressed.
I'm very desperate to do that.
I'm very determined to do that.
I'm very determined to get this done today.
I'm very dexterous.
I'm very different.
I'm very disappointed by election results.
I'm very disappointed in Tom.
I'm very disappointed in both of you.
I'm very disappointed in him. He has been such a disappointment.
I'm very disappointed in how things turned out.
I'm very disappointed in the conduct of the police.
I'm very disappointed in you, Tom.
I'm very disappointed in you.
I'm very disappointed that my tree didn't bear any fruit this year.
I'm very disappointed that my tree didn't give me any fruit this year.
I'm very disappointed with both of you.
I'm very disappointed with the both of you.
I'm very disappointed with the way things turned out.
I'm very disappointed with these results.
I'm very disappointed, Tom. Your work does not come up to scratch. You must do better.
I'm very disappointed.
I'm very discontented.
I'm very discreet.
I'm very discrete.
I'm very disorganized.
I'm very disturbed by this.
I'm very dizzy.
I'm very drawn to you.
I'm very eager to go with you.
I'm very easygoing.
I'm very efficient when there is nothing to do.
I'm very embarrassed over it all.
I'm very embarrassed.
I'm very enthusiastic.
I'm very envious of Tom abilities.
I'm very envious.
I'm very excited about it.
I'm very excited about my trip to Australia.
I'm very excited about that.
I'm very excited about this project.
I'm very excited and happy.
I'm very excited to be back.
I'm very excited to be part of the team.
I'm very excited to take you along with me on this journey to my native Algeria.
I'm very excited.
I'm very experienced at this.
I'm very experienced.
I'm very familiar with Halloween.
I'm very familiar with that.
I'm very fashion-conscious.
I'm very fast.
I'm very fat.
I'm very fatigued and I'm hungry.
I'm very fearful of death. But by fearing it, I'm not preventing it - I'm just making life more difficult for myself.
I'm very flattered.
I'm very flexible.
I'm very fond of Paul-Henri Mathieu since he is the best.
I'm very fond of Tom.
I'm very fond of green peppers.
I'm very fond of joking.
I'm very fond of olives.
I'm very fond of you.
I'm very forgetful.
I'm very fortunate that I wasn't hurt.
I'm very fortunate that I wasn't injured.
I'm very fortunate that hasn't happened.
I'm very fortunate that that hasn't happened.
I'm very fortunate.
I'm very frightened.
I'm very frustrated.
I'm very full.
I'm very fussy.
I'm very glad I did that.
I'm very glad I did this.
I'm very glad I didn't do that.
I'm very glad I didn't have to do that.
I'm very glad I didn't leave early.
I'm very glad I got to know you.
I'm very glad I wasn't there.
I'm very glad about that.
I'm very glad about your appointment.
I'm very glad school is over.
I'm very glad that I did it.
I'm very glad that I did that.
I'm very glad that I did this.
I'm very glad that I didn't do that.
I'm very glad that I've been singled out as being a suitable person for the job.
I'm very glad that you did that.
I'm very glad that you feel the same way I do.
I'm very glad that you're getting some.
I'm very glad that you're here.
I'm very glad this is happening.
I'm very glad to be here.
I'm very glad to be out of high school.
I'm very glad to finally meet you.
I'm very glad to have found this site, because it rocks!
I'm very glad to hear that.
I'm very glad to hear the news.
I'm very glad to meet you.
I'm very glad to see you again.
I'm very glad to see you.
I'm very glad to see you. I was beginning to be afraid you weren't coming for me and I was imagining all the things that might have happened to prevent you.
I'm very glad you didn't get hurt.
I'm very glad you feel the same way I do.
I'm very glad you're here, Tom.
I'm very glad.
I'm very good at doing that.
I'm very good at figuring things out.
I'm very good at ironing.
I'm very good at it.
I'm very good at keeping secrets. My sister told me she's keeping a diary, and I haven't told anybody! Um... Oops.
I'm very good at math.
I'm very good at math. I'm terrible at English, though.
I'm very good at maths.
I'm very good at playing the piano.
I'm very good at problem solving.
I'm very good at sailing.
I'm very good at singing.
I'm very good at sports.
I'm very good at swimming.
I'm very good at what I do.
I'm very good with numbers.
I'm very good.
I'm very grateful for all the sacrifices my parents made for my sake.
I'm very grateful for everything you've done for me.
I'm very grateful for everything you've done.
I'm very grateful for that.
I'm very grateful for the care you gave me during my illness.
I'm very grateful for the care you gave me while I was ill.
I'm very grateful for the care you've given me while I was ill.
I'm very grateful for what you did.
I'm very grateful for what you've done for me and my family.
I'm very grateful for what you've done for me.
I'm very grateful for what you've done.
I'm very grateful for your help.
I'm very grateful for your support.
I'm very grateful for your sympathy.
I'm very grateful for your time.
I'm very grateful to Tom for saving my life.
I'm very grateful to be a Muslim today.
I'm very grateful to the hospital staff.
I'm very grateful to you for everything.
I'm very grateful to you for that.
I'm very grateful to you for your advice.
I'm very grateful to you for your help.
I'm very grateful to you.
I'm very grateful.
I'm very greedy.
I'm very happily married.
I'm very happy I did that yesterday.
I'm very happy I did that.
I'm very happy Tom and Mary are safe.
I'm very happy about it.
I'm very happy about that.
I'm very happy about this.
I'm very happy and honored to know you.
I'm very happy for Tom.
I'm very happy for her.
I'm very happy for him.
I'm very happy for the both of you.
I'm very happy for them.
I'm very happy for you both.
I'm very happy for you.
I'm very happy for your friend.
I'm very happy here.
I'm very happy in Australia.
I'm very happy in Boston.
I'm very happy in Georgia.
I'm very happy in this city.
I'm very happy now.
I'm very happy that I can take care of the baby.
I'm very happy that Tom and Mary are here.
I'm very happy that Tom is here.
I'm very happy that happened.
I'm very happy that it happened.
I'm very happy that summer is coming.
I'm very happy that that happened.
I'm very happy that you came to see me.
I'm very happy that you did that for me.
I'm very happy that you're visiting Tokyo next month.
I'm very happy that you've agreed to do that.
I'm very happy that you've agreed to help us.
I'm very happy to be alive.
I'm very happy to be back home.
I'm very happy to be back.
I'm very happy to be here in Boston.
I'm very happy to be here.
I'm very happy to be in Australia.
I'm very happy to be in Boston.
I'm very happy to be part of your story.
I'm very happy to come.
I'm very happy to have met you.
I'm very happy to hear about the party.
I'm very happy to hear it.
I'm very happy to hear that.
I'm very happy to know you.
I'm very happy to make your acquaintance.
I'm very happy to meet you.
I'm very happy to see you again.
I'm very happy to see you.
I'm very happy today.
I'm very happy with it.
I'm very happy with my new car.
I'm very happy with my new flat.
I'm very happy with my purchase.
I'm very happy with that.
I'm very happy with the decision.
I'm very happy with the result.
I'm very happy with the results.
I'm very happy with the way I played.
I'm very happy with the way Tom did that.
I'm very happy with the way that I played.
I'm very happy with what happened.
I'm very happy with what you've told me.
I'm very happy you came to see me.
I'm very happy you weren't injured.
I'm very happy you'll be visiting Boston next month.
I'm very happy you'll be visiting Tokyo next month.
I'm very happy you've agreed to do that.
I'm very happy you've agreed to help us.
I'm very happy.
I'm very hard working.
I'm very hardworking.
I'm very healthy.
I'm very hesitant to do that.
I'm very honest, I always tell the truth.
I'm very hopeful for the future.
I'm very hopeful.
I'm very hot.
I'm very humble, much more than you would understand.
I'm very humble.
I'm very hungry now.
I'm very hungry this morning.
I'm very hungry today.
I'm very hungry, so I can't wait until it's time to break the fast.
I'm very hungry.
I'm very hungry. What time will the food be ready?
I'm very hungry; where can I find something to eat?
I'm very imaginative.
I'm very impatient to see the new version of Tatoeba.
I'm very impatient.
I'm very impressed by your constant willingness to help, and I'm going to follow your recommendation.
I'm very impressed by your work.
I'm very impressed to read your profile.
I'm very impressed with what you've done.
I'm very impressed with you.
I'm very impressed with your quality control.
I'm very impressed, very impressed indeed.
I'm very impressed.
I'm very impulsive.
I'm very inconsiderate.
I'm very independent.
I'm very insecure.
I'm very interested about my family tree.
I'm very interested in Buddhist doctrine.
I'm very interested in French.
I'm very interested in Irish folk music.
I'm very interested in Mouloud Mammeri's works.
I'm very interested in animals and nature protection.
I'm very interested in astronomy.
I'm very interested in classical literature.
I'm very interested in dialects.
I'm very interested in doing that.
I'm very interested in fishing.
I'm very interested in folk music.
I'm very interested in history.
I'm very interested in jazz.
I'm very interested in languages.
I'm very interested in learning French.
I'm very interested in listening to what you have to say.
I'm very interested in music.
I'm very interested in my family tree.
I'm very interested in painting.
I'm very interested in social studies.
I'm very interested in that.
I'm very interested in the evolution of the dinosaurs.
I'm very interested in the job.
I'm very interested in these stories.
I'm very interested in those stories.
I'm very interested in what you have to say.
I'm very interested.
I'm very intolerant.
I'm very judgmental.
I'm very laid back.
I'm very late.
I'm very lazy.
I'm very likely to be able to do that.
I'm very likely to be busy next Monday.
I'm very likely to be busy on Monday.
I'm very likely to be late.
I'm very likely to do that.
I'm very lonely here.
I'm very lonely.
I'm very low on change right now.
I'm very lucky to be alive.
I'm very lucky to have a friend like you.
I'm very lucky to have been gifted with this 10,000 hit picture! Thank you so very much.
I'm very lucky to have friends like you.
I'm very lucky to have such a loyal partner.
I'm very lucky.
I'm very mad at Tom.
I'm very mad at you. I don't want to hear from you. Now, out of my sight!
I'm very mad.
I'm very messy.
I'm very methodical.
I'm very mindful of that.
I'm very miserable.
I'm very modest.
I'm very modest. I brag about it all the time.
I'm very motivated to do that.
I'm very motivated to learn French.
I'm very motivated.
I'm very much against it.
I'm very much against what you're suggesting.
I'm very much aware of it.
I'm very much aware of the danger.
I'm very much in favor of cutting taxes.
I'm very much in favor of this.
I'm very much looking forward to it.
I'm very much obliged to you for your help.
I'm very much obliged to you for your kindness.
I'm very neat.
I'm very nervous about that.
I'm very nervous today.
I'm very nervous.
I'm very old-fashioned.
I'm very old.
I'm very open to new ideas.
I'm very open-minded.
I'm very optimistic about my future.
I'm very optimistic about our future here.
I'm very optimistic about the future.
I'm very optimistic about this.
I'm very optimistic.
I'm very organized.
I'm very outgoing.
I'm very outspoken.
I'm very particular about what I eat.
I'm very particular about what kind of people I invite into my house.
I'm very particular.
I'm very patient.
I'm very patriotic.
I'm very pessimistic.
I'm very pleased that your dream came true.
I'm very pleased to announce Tom Jackson will be my running mate.
I'm very pleased to announce that Layla Bakir will be this clinic's nursing supervisor from today on.
I'm very pleased to announce that Tom Jackson will be my running mate.
I'm very pleased to be here.
I'm very pleased to come with you.
I'm very pleased to have met you.
I'm very pleased to hear of your success.
I'm very pleased to hear the news.
I'm very pleased to make your acquaintance.
I'm very pleased to meet you today.
I'm very pleased to meet you too.
I'm very pleased to meet you, too.
I'm very pleased to meet you.
I'm very pleased to see you.
I'm very pleased with Tom's performance.
I'm very pleased with it.
I'm very pleased with my new house.
I'm very pleased with the flowers you gave me.
I'm very pleased with the outcome.
I'm very pleased with the progress.
I'm very pleased with the result.
I'm very pleased with your work.
I'm very pleased.
I'm very poor.
I'm very popular.
I'm very positive about it.
I'm very positive about this.
I'm very proud of Algeria.
I'm very proud of Tom.
I'm very proud of all of you.
I'm very proud of her.
I'm very proud of him.
I'm very proud of it.
I'm very proud of my Berber heritage.
I'm very proud of my Mormon heritage.
I'm very proud of my accomplishments so far.
I'm very proud of my children.
I'm very proud of my daughter.
I'm very proud of my father.
I'm very proud of my gold pocket watch. My grandfather, on his deathbed, sold me this watch.
I'm very proud of my grandfather.
I'm very proud of my heritage.
I'm very proud of my kids.
I'm very proud of my parents.
I'm very proud of my performance.
I'm very proud of my son.
I'm very proud of my team.
I'm very proud of myself.
I'm very proud of our company.
I'm very proud of our pupils.
I'm very proud of our students.
I'm very proud of our team.
I'm very proud of that.
I'm very proud of the girls.
I'm very proud of the guys.
I'm very proud of the job I chose myself.
I'm very proud of them.
I'm very proud of these guys.
I'm very proud of this bunch.
I'm very proud of this team.
I'm very proud of this.
I'm very proud of what Tom did.
I'm very proud of you all.
I'm very proud of you.
I'm very proud to be part of this project.
I'm very quick.
I'm very quiet in class.
I'm very relaxed now.
I'm very relaxed.
I'm very relieved to hear that.
I'm very reluctant to do that.
I'm very reserved.
I'm very resourceful.
I'm very rich.
I'm very sad for them.
I'm very sad now.
I'm very sad right now.
I'm very sad that you haven't bought any gift for me.
I'm very sad to hear that.
I'm very sad today.
I'm very sad tonight.
I'm very sad.
I'm very satisfied with it.
I'm very satisfied with your results.
I'm very satisfied.
I'm very scared of spiders.
I'm very scared.
I'm very sceptical about their claims.
I'm very self-conscious about my own mortality as a human being.
I'm very self-conscious about the idea of death.
I'm very self-conscious.
I'm very sensitive to cold. May I have another blanket?
I'm very sensitive to heat.
I'm very sensitive to noise.
I'm very sensitive to the cold.
I'm very serious about my music.
I'm very serious about this.
I'm very serious about wanting to be a good magician.
I'm very serious.
I'm very sexually active.
I'm very sexy.
I'm very shocked.
I'm very short of money.
I'm very short-fused, I lose my cool pretty easily.
I'm very short.
I'm very shy.
I'm very sick.
I'm very skeptical about channeling.
I'm very skeptical about that.
I'm very skeptical about their claims.
I'm very skeptical.
I'm very sleepy and it's late.
I'm very sleepy now.
I'm very sleepy today, too.
I'm very sleepy, too.
I'm very sleepy.
I'm very slow at making up my mind.
I'm very small.
I'm very smart.
I'm very sorry I came home so late.
I'm very sorry I did that.
I'm very sorry I didn't do that.
I'm very sorry I got home so late.
I'm very sorry I kissed Tom.
I'm very sorry I lied to Tom.
I'm very sorry I lied to you.
I'm very sorry I lied.
I'm very sorry I voted for Tom.
I'm very sorry about Tom.
I'm very sorry about that.
I'm very sorry about the mistake.
I'm very sorry about this.
I'm very sorry about what happened.
I'm very sorry about what the U.S. has done in Iraq. This war has been a tragedy for everyone.
I'm very sorry for being late.
I'm very sorry for causing the accident.
I'm very sorry for everything that has happened.
I'm very sorry for having caused the accident.
I'm very sorry for my actions.
I'm very sorry for the delay.
I'm very sorry for the inconvenience.
I'm very sorry for the mistake.
I'm very sorry for the pain I caused.
I'm very sorry for them.
I'm very sorry for what I did.
I'm very sorry for what I said.
I'm very sorry for what I've done.
I'm very sorry for what happened.
I'm very sorry for you.
I'm very sorry for your loss.
I'm very sorry that I came home so late.
I'm very sorry that I did that.
I'm very sorry that I didn't do that.
I'm very sorry that I got home so late.
I'm very sorry that I kissed Tom.
I'm very sorry that I lied to Tom.
I'm very sorry that I lied to you.
I'm very sorry that I lied.
I'm very sorry that I voted for Tom.
I'm very sorry that Tom cheated you.
I'm very sorry that your father died.
I'm very sorry to have troubled you.
I'm very sorry to hear it.
I'm very sorry to hear that.
I'm very sorry to see you go.
I'm very sorry you failed.
I'm very sorry you're no longer interested in German.
I'm very sorry you're so unhappy.
I'm very sorry your father died.
I'm very sorry, but I can't.
I'm very sorry, but I seem to have lost your parasol.
I'm very sorry, but I seem to have lost your umbrella.
I'm very sorry, but it seems I've lost my umbrella.
I'm very sorry, but it seems that I've lost my umbrella.
I'm very sorry, but there's really no alternative.
I'm very sorry, but we can't let you out.
I'm very sorry, but we don't know each other.
I'm very sorry, we can't accept your request.
I'm very sorry.
I'm very strict.
I'm very strong, but today I'm going to cry.
I'm very strong.
I'm very stubborn.
I'm very stupid.
I'm very successful.
I'm very sure I can do that.
I'm very sure I didn't do that.
I'm very sure I have to do that.
I'm very sure I need to do that.
I'm very sure I should do that.
I'm very sure Tom and Mary need to do that.
I'm very sure Tom needs to do that.
I'm very sure that I didn't do that.
I'm very sure that Tom isn't going to help Mary do that.
I'm very sure that Tom won't help Mary do that.
I'm very surprised Tom can do that.
I'm very surprised Tom can't do that.
I'm very surprised Tom could do that.
I'm very surprised Tom couldn't do that.
I'm very surprised Tom did that.
I'm very surprised Tom didn't do that.
I'm very surprised Tom didn't want to do that.
I'm very surprised Tom isn't here.
I'm very surprised Tom wanted to do that.
I'm very surprised Tom was able to do that.
I'm very surprised Tom wasn't able to do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom and Mary aren't here.
I'm very surprised that Tom can do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom can't do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom could do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom couldn't do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom did that.
I'm very surprised that Tom didn't do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom didn't want to do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom isn't here.
I'm very surprised that Tom wanted to do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom was able to do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom wasn't able to do that.
I'm very surprised that you don't know Tom.
I'm very surprised to see that.
I'm very surprised to see you here.
I'm very surprised you don't know Tom.
I'm very surprised.
I'm very suspicious.
I'm very talented.
I'm very tall.
I'm very tempted to do that.
I'm very thankful for all that you've done for me.
I'm very thankful for all you've done for me.
I'm very thankful for that.
I'm very thankful for this.
I'm very thankful to the German users of the websites Tatoeba and Forvo for their active help with my work.
I'm very thankful to you for your advice.
I'm very thin.
I'm very thirsty.
I'm very ticklish.
I'm very ticklish; tickle me!
I'm very tired and I want to go to bed early.
I'm very tired and don't have a place to sleep.
I'm very tired and want to go to bed early.
I'm very tired because I've been working all day.
I'm very tired from work.
I'm very tired from working all day.
I'm very tired now.
I'm very tired of all the sentences here talking about Tom and Mary.
I'm very tired right now.
I'm very tired today, so I'm going to go to bed earlier than usual.
I'm very tired today.
I'm very tired when I get home at night.
I'm very tired, and I don't want to see you. Leave.
I'm very tired, but I can't get to sleep.
I'm very tired, but I can't seem to bring myself to go to sleep.
I'm very tired.
I'm very tired. I don't feel like taking a walk now.
I'm very tired. I don't want to do this now.
I'm very tough.
I'm very uncomfortable around children.
I'm very uncomfortable with this.
I'm very uncomfortable.
I'm very underwhelmed. This is nowhere near what I was hoping for.
I'm very unhappy about Tom's situation.
I'm very unhappy about this.
I'm very unhappy here.
I'm very unhappy just now.
I'm very unhappy.
I'm very unlikely to be late.
I'm very unlikely to do that again.
I'm very unlikely to do that anymore.
I'm very unlikely to do that.
I'm very unlikely to ever do that.
I'm very unlikely to start doing that.
I'm very unlikely to stop doing that.
I'm very unlucky.
I'm very upset about that.
I'm very upset about the situation.
I'm very upset at this point.
I'm very upset by what happened.
I'm very upset.
I'm very weak.
I'm very wealthy.
I'm very well aware of that.
I'm very well aware that my own personality isn't suited to everyone's taste but that's not something I worry about as I don't care how other people view me.
I'm very well indeed, thank you.
I'm very well off.
I'm very well prepared.
I'm very well, thank you.
I'm very well-aware of death, that's why I'm enjoying each day to the fullest extent possible.
I'm very well-aware of my own toxicity as a full-fledged individual and I make sure it doesn't affect others too much.
I'm very well.
I'm very willing to do that for you.
I'm very willing to do that.
I'm very witty.
I'm very woozy.
I'm very worried about Tom.
I'm very worried about Tomas.
I'm very worried about it.
I'm very worried about my brother-in-law.
I'm very worried about my future.
I'm very worried about my weight.
I'm very worried about the environment.
I'm very worried about the kids.
I'm very worried about the situation back home.
I'm very worried about the situation in Asia.
I'm very worried about what might happen.
I'm very worried about you.
I'm very worried about your health.
I'm very worried for your health.
I'm very worried for your sake.
I'm very worried now.
I'm very worried.
I'm very young compared to Tom.
I'm very young.
I'm very, very angry.
I'm very, very bisexual.
I'm very, very concerned about it.
I'm very, very happy for Tom.
I'm very, very happy.
I'm very, very lucky.
I'm very, very sorry.
I'm very, very tired.
I'm very, very, very concerned.
I'm violently sick.
I'm visiting Algeria this summer.
I'm visiting Algeria.
I'm visiting Athens this summer.
I'm visiting Mr. Brown tomorrow.
I'm visiting a friend of mine in hospital.
I'm visiting a friend of mine in the hospital.
I'm visiting her; however, she is not at her house.
I'm visiting my boyfriend in Canada.
I'm visiting my friends.
I'm visiting my grandmother in hospital.
I'm visiting my grandmother in the hospital.
I'm visiting the lake today.
I'm visiting the village.
I'm volunteering at a hospital so I can learn about the different medical fields.
I'm volunteering.
I'm voting for Tom.
I'm voting for the first proposal.
I'm voting no.
I'm vulnerable.
I'm waiting and hoping for Alex to come.
I'm waiting at home.
I'm waiting at the bridge.
I'm waiting at the door.
I'm waiting at the traffic lights.
I'm waiting by the gate.
I'm waiting for Godot.
I'm waiting for Skura.
I'm waiting for Tom to come back.
I'm waiting for Tom to cool down.
I'm waiting for Tom to do that.
I'm waiting for Tom to finish doing that.
I'm waiting for Tom to finish what he's doing.
I'm waiting for Tom to fix the sink.
I'm waiting for Tom to get back from Boston.
I'm waiting for Tom to get back.
I'm waiting for Tom to get here.
I'm waiting for Tom to get home.
I'm waiting for Tom to get off the bus.
I'm waiting for Tom to give his opinion.
I'm waiting for Tom to go.
I'm waiting for Tom to help me do that.
I'm waiting for Tom to help me.
I'm waiting for Tom to leave.
I'm waiting for Tom to return.
I'm waiting for Tom to start.
I'm waiting for Tom to talk to me.
I'm waiting for Tom to tell me what to do.
I'm waiting for Tom's answer.
I'm waiting for Tom's reply.
I'm waiting for Tom's response.
I'm waiting for Tom.
I'm waiting for a bus.
I'm waiting for a call from Tom.
I'm waiting for a call.
I'm waiting for a delivery.
I'm waiting for a friend.
I'm waiting for a letter from Tom.
I'm waiting for a letter.
I'm waiting for a package to be delivered.
I'm waiting for a phone call from that friend of mine.
I'm waiting for a phone call.
I'm waiting for a reply.
I'm waiting for a response from Tom.
I'm waiting for a response from her.
I'm waiting for a response from him.
I'm waiting for a response.
I'm waiting for a ride.
I'm waiting for a telephone call.
I'm waiting for a train.
I'm waiting for a very important call.
I'm waiting for a workman who's coming to lay some carpets in my house.
I'm waiting for an answer to my question.
I'm waiting for an answer to my questions.
I'm waiting for an answer.
I'm waiting for an explanation.
I'm waiting for an important call.
I'm waiting for an important phone call.
I'm waiting for breakfast.
I'm waiting for dinner.
I'm waiting for evening.
I'm waiting for everybody to leave.
I'm waiting for help myself.
I'm waiting for her answer.
I'm waiting for her here.
I'm waiting for her response.
I'm waiting for her to answer me.
I'm waiting for her to climb into her car.
I'm waiting for her to come here.
I'm waiting for her to leave.
I'm waiting for her to return.
I'm waiting for her.
I'm waiting for him to get back.
I'm waiting for him to give me an answer.
I'm waiting for him to give me my change.
I'm waiting for him to leave.
I'm waiting for him to make a move on me.
I'm waiting for him to return.
I'm waiting for him.
I'm waiting for his answer.
I'm waiting for his musical perform.
I'm waiting for his response.
I'm waiting for his telephone call.
I'm waiting for it to start raining.
I'm waiting for lunch.
I'm waiting for my boyfriend.
I'm waiting for my change.
I'm waiting for my children to get home.
I'm waiting for my driver.
I'm waiting for my family.
I'm waiting for my friend to arrive.
I'm waiting for my friend.
I'm waiting for my friends at the station.
I'm waiting for my friends to join me.
I'm waiting for my girlfriend here at the terminal.
I'm waiting for my girlfriend.
I'm waiting for my kids to get home.
I'm waiting for my mom.
I'm waiting for my mother.
I'm waiting for my mum.
I'm waiting for my opportunity to do that.
I'm waiting for my opportunity.
I'm waiting for my suitcase.
I'm waiting for my turn in front of the grocery store.
I'm waiting for my turn.
I'm waiting for news from the embassy, so I had to postpone my flight.
I'm waiting for payday.
I'm waiting for some of my friends to join me.
I'm waiting for somebody to help me.
I'm waiting for someone to come pick me up.
I'm waiting for someone to do that for me.
I'm waiting for someone to help me.
I'm waiting for someone to show me how to do this.
I'm waiting for someone to tell me what to do.
I'm waiting for someone.
I'm waiting for something to happen.
I'm waiting for the answer.
I'm waiting for the arrival of a friend.
I'm waiting for the bus to go.
I'm waiting for the bus.
I'm waiting for the day that we eat breakfast together.
I'm waiting for the envoy to come back.
I'm waiting for the ferry.
I'm waiting for the food.
I'm waiting for the ice cream to thaw. It's frozen solid.
I'm waiting for the letter.
I'm waiting for the light to change.
I'm waiting for the light.
I'm waiting for the messenger to come back.
I'm waiting for the number thirteen bus.
I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop.
I'm waiting for the postie to finally come.
I'm waiting for the results now.
I'm waiting for the results.
I'm waiting for the right man.
I'm waiting for the right moment!
I'm waiting for the right moment.
I'm waiting for the right woman.
I'm waiting for the school bus.
I'm waiting for the shop to open.
I'm waiting for the store to open.
I'm waiting for the timer to tick over back to 0.
I'm waiting for the traffic light.
I'm waiting for the train.
I'm waiting for the trolley.
I'm waiting for the waiter.
I'm waiting for them to answer me.
I'm waiting for them to give me an answer.
I'm waiting for them to leave.
I'm waiting for them to return.
I'm waiting for them.
I'm waiting for this store to open.
I'm waiting for this trip.
I'm waiting for you at home.
I'm waiting for you at my house.
I'm waiting for you at the bus stop.
I'm waiting for you at the caf.
I'm waiting for you at the entrance.
I'm waiting for you downstairs in the coffee shop.
I'm waiting for you here.
I'm waiting for you in Berlin.
I'm waiting for you in front of the door.
I'm waiting for you in my room.
I'm waiting for you in the car.
I'm waiting for you in the garden.
I'm waiting for you outside.
I'm waiting for you to apologize.
I'm waiting for you to finish doing that.
I'm waiting for you to help me.
I'm waiting for you to leave.
I'm waiting for you to show me the way.
I'm waiting for you.
I'm waiting for you. When are you ready?
I'm waiting for your answer.
I'm waiting for your assistance.
I'm waiting for your call.
I'm waiting for your decision.
I'm waiting for your help.
I'm waiting for your letter.
I'm waiting for your message.
I'm waiting for your reply.
I'm waiting for your text.
I'm waiting for your wife.
I'm waiting here for her.
I'm waiting here for them.
I'm waiting here.
I'm waiting impatiently for a translation of this sentence into Chinese.
I'm waiting impatiently.
I'm waiting in front of the house.
I'm waiting in front of the restaurant.
I'm waiting in line.
I'm waiting in the car.
I'm waiting in the lobby.
I'm waiting inside for you.
I'm waiting inside where it's cool.
I'm waiting my turn.
I'm waiting on a delivery.
I'm waiting on the hill.
I'm waiting on the porch.
I'm waiting out front.
I'm waiting outside.
I'm waiting patiently.
I'm waiting tables.
I'm waiting to hear from Tom.
I'm waiting to hear from her.
I'm waiting to hear from him.
I'm waiting to hear from them.
I'm waiting to hear why that happened.
I'm waiting to see Tom.
I'm waiting to see how it all goes.
I'm waiting to see how things turn out.
I'm waiting to see how things will develop.
I'm waiting to see how things will turn out.
I'm waiting to see if it's true.
I'm waiting to see what Tom will do.
I'm waiting to see what happens.
I'm waiting to see what kind of feedback I get.
I'm waiting to see what'll happen.
I'm waiting to see what's going to happen.
I'm waiting to speak with him.
I'm waiting to speak.
I'm waiting to take you home.
I'm waiting to talk to Tom.
I'm waiting to talk to her.
I'm waiting to talk to him.
I'm waiting to talk to them.
I'm waiting.
I'm waitressing tonight.
I'm waking her up.
I'm walking a thin line; I don't know if I'm going to pass.
I'm walking about like I'm hypnotized, with a numbness still in my limbs, struggling to speak.
I'm walking around.
I'm walking because my bicycle has a flat tire.
I'm walking beside her.
I'm walking down the rocky path to the sea.
I'm walking down the street.
I'm walking faster than you.
I'm walking here! I'm walking here!
I'm walking home.
I'm walking in a dream.
I'm walking in the park with my children.
I'm walking in the park.
I'm walking in the village.
I'm walking into the hotel.
I'm walking my dog in the woods.
I'm walking on arid ground.
I'm walking on the roof of the swimming pool.
I'm walking rapidly down the sidewalk.
I'm walking right now.
I'm walking through the park.
I'm walking to At Yemmel.
I'm walking to school.
I'm walking up the path to the hut on the hill. Gravel is crunching beneath the soles of my shoes.
I'm walking with a girl in the garden.
I'm walking with her.
I'm walking.
I'm wandering in the dark.
I'm wandering.
I'm wanted by the police.
I'm warm.
I'm warming up right now.
I'm warmly greeting you on Tatoeba too.
I'm warning you for the last time!
I'm warning you for the last time.
I'm warning you not to do it again.
I'm warning you not to do that again.
I'm warning you not to do that.
I'm warning you that if you break the law here, you will go directly to a court-martial, not a civilian court.
I'm warning you that the bridge is in very bad condition.
I'm warning you that you will be eaten.
I'm warning you!
I'm warning you, I'm seriously ill!
I'm warning you, Tom. My patience has a limit.
I'm warning you, guys.
I'm warning you, one more touch and you'll regret it.
I'm warning you. In this container, there's a dangerous substance.
I'm warning you: don't tease me!
I'm wary of you.
I'm washed up.
I'm washing a fork.
I'm washing an apple.
I'm washing apples.
I'm washing clothes today.
I'm washing dishes.
I'm washing my apple.
I'm washing my brother's car.
I'm washing my dog.
I'm washing my hands because they're dirty.
I'm washing my hands of the guilt.
I'm washing my hands.
I'm washing my towels.
I'm washing the bed linen.
I'm washing the bedclothes.
I'm washing the bedlinen.
I'm washing the car.
I'm washing the dishes.
I'm washing the sheets.
I'm washing the shirt.
I'm washing the shirts for you.
I'm washing the shirts right now.
I'm washing the windows.
I'm washing up a fork.
I'm washing up.
I'm washing your dogs.
I'm wasted.
I'm wasting my time here.
I'm wasting my time with you.
I'm wasting my time.
I'm wasting time.
I'm watching Sami and Tom jostle for recognition as King of Tatoeba.
I'm watching Skins.
I'm watching TV at the moment.
I'm watching TV in Berber.
I'm watching TV now.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching Tom closely.
I'm watching Tom.
I'm watching a Western movie.
I'm watching a Western.
I'm watching a documentary.
I'm watching a movie at home right now.
I'm watching a movie right now.
I'm watching a movie.
I'm watching a new film.
I'm watching a video now.
I'm watching a video.
I'm watching an interesting movie.
I'm watching figure skating.
I'm watching golf.
I'm watching her.
I'm watching him.
I'm watching my weight.
I'm watching out for your baby.
I'm watching television with friends this evening.
I'm watching television.
I'm watching tennis.
I'm watching that TV over there.
I'm watching that.
I'm watching the Olympics.
I'm watching the football game.
I'm watching the game on TV.
I'm watching the game on my cellphone.
I'm watching the game.
I'm watching the house.
I'm watching the market closely.
I'm watching the movie "Titanic". Did you see it?
I'm watching the movie "Titanic". Have you seen it?
I'm watching the news right now.
I'm watching the news.
I'm watching the sunset.
I'm watching them.
I'm watching this video from Algeria.
I'm watching this.
I'm watching videos now.
I'm watching videos.
I'm watching you.
I'm watching your behaviour and don't even know what to think.
I'm watching.
I'm watering her garden.
I'm watering the flowers.
I'm watering the garden.
I'm watering the lawn.
I'm watering the plants.
I'm watering their garden.
I'm wavering between the two.
I'm waving at you. Do you see me?
I'm way more experienced than you are.
I'm way over here.
I'm way over my limit.
I'm way stronger than I used to be.
I'm way taller than Tom.
I'm way too busy to help you right now.
I'm way too old to be doing this.
I'm way too tired to do that now.
I'm way too tired.
I'm way too young to do that by myself.
I'm way too young to do that.
I'm way younger than Tom and Mary think I am.
I'm way younger than Tom thinks I am.
I'm way younger than Tom.
I'm weak at history.
I'm weak in French.
I'm weak in history.
I'm weak on history.
I'm weak.
I'm wealthy.
I'm wearing Tom's old pajamas.
I'm wearing Tom's old pyjamas.
I'm wearing a Kabyle dress.
I'm wearing a hat.
I'm wearing a hijab. How do I look?
I'm wearing a jacket with capacious pockets.
I'm wearing a jumper because I'm cold.
I'm wearing a mask.
I'm wearing a new coat.
I'm wearing a new pair of shoes today, so I don't want to walk too far.
I'm wearing a new pair of shoes.
I'm wearing a pair of new shoes.
I'm wearing a sweater because I feel cold.
I'm wearing a sweater because I'm cold.
I'm wearing a warm pair of socks.
I'm wearing an orange T-shirt.
I'm wearing gloves.
I'm wearing good gloves.
I'm wearing my best clothes today.
I'm wearing my jacket.
I'm wearing my new dress.
I'm wearing my new shoes.
I'm wearing my shoes.
I'm wearing my swimming costume under my clothes.
I'm wearing my swimsuit under my clothes.
I'm wearing myself out by trying to do too much at the same time.
I'm wearing new shoes, so I don't want to walk too far today.
I'm wearing shoes.
I'm wearing some foundation, a bit of blush and some eyeliner.
I'm wearing sunglasses.
I'm wearing the blue sweater Tom gave me.
I'm wearing the jacket I bought three days ago.
I'm wearing the jacket that I bought three days ago.
I'm wearing the same clothes I wore yesterday.
I'm wearing the same clothes as I was yesterday.
I'm wearing the wrong kind of shoes for that.
I'm wearing underwear.
I'm weary of an existence filled with fear.
I'm weary of her bragging.
I'm weary.
I'm weeding the garden.
I'm weeding the lawn.
I'm weighing myself.
I'm weird.
I'm welding.
I'm well acquainted with Tom.
I'm well acquainted with the subject.
I'm well ahead of schedule.
I'm well aware of Tom's financial situation.
I'm well aware of Tom's shortcomings.
I'm well aware of it.
I'm well aware of that fact.
I'm well aware of that.
I'm well aware of the danger.
I'm well aware of the dangers.
I'm well aware of the facts.
I'm well aware of the odds.
I'm well aware of the problem.
I'm well aware of the problems we face.
I'm well aware of the problems.
I'm well aware of the risk.
I'm well aware of the risks.
I'm well aware of the situation.
I'm well aware of who I'm dealing with.
I'm well aware of who your father is.
I'm well aware that I'm not everyone's cup of tea and I'm perfectly fine with that.
I'm well aware that Tom is a control freak.
I'm well aware that there are those who think differently.
I'm well aware who I'm dealing with.
I'm well enough.
I'm well now.
I'm well off.
I'm well paid.
I'm well rested.
I'm well today.
I'm well, thank you.
I'm well, thanks. And you?
I'm well-aware I'm not to everyone's taste but I don't care much either way.
I'm well-versed in this subject.
I'm well.
I'm well. How are you?
I'm wet through.
I'm wet.
I'm what the world calls an idiot.
I'm wheezing.
I'm where Tom is now.
I'm who I'm supposed to be.
I'm who works the best.
I'm wicked.
I'm wide awake now.
I'm wide awake.
I'm wide open for suggestions.
I'm willing to accept responsibility for what happened.
I'm willing to accept your offer.
I'm willing to admit I was wrong.
I'm willing to admit that I was wrong.
I'm willing to agree to your request.
I'm willing to answer personal questions.
I'm willing to answer questions.
I'm willing to apologize.
I'm willing to attend the meeting.
I'm willing to be your slave.
I'm willing to believe Elon Musk designed Hyperloop, but that's about it.
I'm willing to bet Mr. Thomas ruins this project, too.
I'm willing to buy that for you.
I'm willing to compromise.
I'm willing to consider any options.
I'm willing to cooperate.
I'm willing to discuss the matter with you.
I'm willing to do anything I can to help.
I'm willing to do anything for you.
I'm willing to do anything to help.
I'm willing to do anything to stop him.
I'm willing to do anything you ask me to do.
I'm willing to do anything you ask me.
I'm willing to do it, but I think you should do it.
I'm willing to do just about anything.
I'm willing to do that for Tom.
I'm willing to do that for free.
I'm willing to do that for you.
I'm willing to do that if you are.
I'm willing to do that.
I'm willing to do the job if you cooperate.
I'm willing to do whatever it takes to get this job done.
I'm willing to do whatever it takes.
I'm willing to explore new possibilities and opportunities.
I'm willing to fly to Algeria again.
I'm willing to forget the past.
I'm willing to give Tom another chance.
I'm willing to give anything for that look.
I'm willing to give it a try.
I'm willing to give this a try.
I'm willing to give you a second chance.
I'm willing to give you another chance.
I'm willing to give you everything I've got.
I'm willing to go anywhere you go.
I'm willing to go back one step.
I'm willing to go to Australia with Tom.
I'm willing to go to Australia with you.
I'm willing to go to Boston with Tom.
I'm willing to go to Boston with you.
I'm willing to go to therapy or counseling to work on myself and our relationship.
I'm willing to go wherever you go.
I'm willing to go with you.
I'm willing to go.
I'm willing to help Tom and Mary do that.
I'm willing to help Tom do that.
I'm willing to help him.
I'm willing to help you do that if you want me to.
I'm willing to help you do that.
I'm willing to help you if you want me to.
I'm willing to help you in your efforts.
I'm willing to help you with your work.
I'm willing to help you.
I'm willing to help  within reason.
I'm willing to help.
I'm willing to leave him if he's happy like that.
I'm willing to lend you some money if you need it.
I'm willing to let bygones be bygones.
I'm willing to listen to any suggestions you might have.
I'm willing to make any necessary sacrifices, as long as it leads to my desired outcome.
I'm willing to make sacrifices and compromise to make our relationship stronger.
I'm willing to make that sacrifice.
I'm willing to negotiate.
I'm willing to oblige you.
I'm willing to offer three hundred dollars for it.
I'm willing to pay for it.
I'm willing to pay whatever's necessary.
I'm willing to pay you a lot of money to do that.
I'm willing to put in the effort to rebuild our trust and regain your love.
I'm willing to quit if you want me to.
I'm willing to risk living my own life.
I'm willing to risk that.
I'm willing to sacrifice anything and everything for him.
I'm willing to share.
I'm willing to spend a lot for a piano.
I'm willing to take care of your children, if you want me to.
I'm willing to take that chance.
I'm willing to take that risk.
I'm willing to take the pay cut.
I'm willing to talk.
I'm willing to testify.
I'm willing to try anything once.
I'm willing to try anything.
I'm willing to try doing that again.
I'm willing to try doing that.
I'm willing to try eating anything you eat.
I'm willing to try new things.
I'm willing to try that.
I'm willing to try.
I'm willing to wait a few more years down the road for your death to come.
I'm willing to wait and give you the time and space you need to heal.
I'm willing to wait for a couple of weeks.
I'm willing to wait for you if you need more time.
I'm willing to wait.
I'm willing to work late today if you need me to.
I'm willing to work on Sunday if you need me to.
I'm winded.
I'm window-shopping.
I'm winning.
I'm wiping my face.
I'm wiping the shelves.
I'm wiping the table.
I'm wise.
I'm wiser now.
I'm wiser than Tom.
I'm wishing for that.
I'm wishing you all the best.
I'm with NTT.
I'm with Stupid.
I'm with Tom now.
I'm with Tom right now.
I'm with Tom.
I'm with a bunch of girls.
I'm with a client.
I'm with a customer.
I'm with a patient.
I'm with exactly who I want to be with.
I'm with friends.
I'm with her now.
I'm with her.
I'm with him at the door.
I'm with him now.
I'm with him.
I'm with management.
I'm with my family at the moment.
I'm with my family right now.
I'm with somebody.
I'm with the FBI.
I'm with the band.
I'm with them now.
I'm with them.
I'm with you 100%, Tom.
I'm with you all the way.
I'm with you because I want to be, not out of obligation.
I'm with you on this.
I'm with you.
I'm without a job.
I'm wondering how long $100 will carry me.
I'm wondering how long $100 will last me.
I'm wondering if I could get a referral to your food pantry.
I'm wondering if I love Tom.
I'm wondering if I love her.
I'm wondering if I love him.
I'm wondering if I should do that.
I'm wondering if Tom loves Mary.
I'm wondering if any of my children will remember that today is my birthday.
I'm wondering if any of my kids will remember that today is my birthday.
I'm wondering if this is a good time to buy the new model.
I'm wondering what I can do to improve my situation.
I'm wondering what I should do next.
I'm wondering what I should do.
I'm wondering what Tom is thinking.
I'm wondering what to cook for dinner.
I'm wondering what will happen if I push this button.
I'm wondering what'll happen if I push this button.
I'm wondering what'll happen next.
I'm wondering when to buy a computer.
I'm wondering whether I should ask Mary to the dance.
I'm wondering whether Tom would ever consider helping me with my homework.
I'm wondering whether that's going to happen.
I'm wondering whether to ask Mary to the dance.
I'm wondering whether to do a daytime or a nighttime class.
I'm wondering whether to do that or not.
I'm wondering whether to stay up late or give it a miss.
I'm wondering whether to take on that job.
I'm wondering which way I should go.
I'm wondering which way to go.
I'm wondering who'll win.
I'm wondering why they still aren't here.
I'm wont to take a shower in the morning.
I'm working again.
I'm working alone.
I'm working as a bartender now.
I'm working as a carpenter.
I'm working as a security guard.
I'm working as a tour guide.
I'm working as an undercover reporter.
I'm working as fast as I can.
I'm working as quickly as I can.
I'm working as quickly as possible.
I'm working at a gift shop.
I'm working at a supermarket now.
I'm working at feeling happy.
I'm working at home today.
I'm working double shifts.
I'm working for McDonald's.
I'm working for a trading firm.
I'm working for my uncle.
I'm working from home today.
I'm working from home.
I'm working full-time in a bookshop until the end of September.
I'm working hard to improve my French.
I'm working hard trying to learn French.
I'm working hard.
I'm working harder.
I'm working here now.
I'm working here.
I'm working in Australia now.
I'm working in Australia.
I'm working in Boston now.
I'm working in Boston.
I'm working in Tokyo now.
I'm working in a town near Rome.
I'm working in a town not too far from Boston.
I'm working in a town that isn't too far from Boston.
I'm working in a town that's not too far from Boston.
I'm working in the garden.
I'm working in the village.
I'm working in your house only.
I'm working it out.
I'm working just as hard as you are.
I'm working late tonight.
I'm working like crazy to make sure I have enough time.
I'm working long hours and I'm not getting enough sleep.
I'm working now.
I'm working on Tom's car.
I'm working on a big project.
I'm working on a new book.
I'm working on a new character.
I'm working on a new idea.
I'm working on a new plan.
I'm working on a new song.
I'm working on a playlist for my love.
I'm working on a project.
I'm working on a research paper.
I'm working on a translation of the whole song.
I'm working on another book.
I'm working on another case.
I'm working on another project now.
I'm working on doing that.
I'm working on educating myself.
I'm working on finishing my MBA.
I'm working on his car.
I'm working on it every day.
I'm working on it now.
I'm working on it right now.
I'm working on it.
I'm working on making new friends.
I'm working on my Berber grammar.
I'm working on my Berber vocabulary.
I'm working on my bikini figure.
I'm working on my computer.
I'm working on my homework.
I'm working on my monologue.
I'm working on my new book.
I'm working on my project.
I'm working on my report right now.
I'm working on my speech.
I'm working on my website.
I'm working on new book.
I'm working on self-acceptance.
I'm working on something.
I'm working on strengthening my arms.
I'm working on that problem right now.
I'm working on that.
I'm working on the finishing touches.
I'm working on the grammar.
I'm working on the problem.
I'm working on the report now.
I'm working right now.
I'm working to block it.
I'm working to stop it.
I'm working tomorrow and the day after.
I'm working tomorrow.
I'm working tonight.
I'm working too much.
I'm working up a sweat.
I'm working with Tom and three others.
I'm working with Tom now.
I'm working with Tom these days.
I'm working with a Spaniard.
I'm working with her now.
I'm working with him now.
I'm working with the police to solve his murder.
I'm working with them now.
I'm working with tools.
I'm working with you.
I'm working!
I'm working, but you're not.
I'm working.
I'm working. I'm not watching TV.
I'm worn out by the hard work.
I'm worn out from hoeing in the vegetable garden all day.
I'm worn out, because I've been standing all day.
I'm worn out.
I'm worn-out.
I'm worried I'll get lost.
I'm worried I'm asking too much.
I'm worried Tom is in a cult.
I'm worried Tom will get dehydrated.
I'm worried Tom will get lost.
I'm worried Tom won't come.
I'm worried about David.
I'm worried about Tom being alone.
I'm worried about Tom's behavior.
I'm worried about Tom's future.
I'm worried about Tom's health.
I'm worried about Tom's life.
I'm worried about Tom, too.
I'm worried about Tom.
I'm worried about Tom. I'm also worried about Mary.
I'm worried about Tom. I'm worried about Mary, too.
I'm worried about Tom. What's he doing?
I'm worried about all of you.
I'm worried about being let go from work.
I'm worried about being sued.
I'm worried about everybody.
I'm worried about everything.
I'm worried about her health.
I'm worried about her, too.
I'm worried about her.
I'm worried about him, too.
I'm worried about him.
I'm worried about his health.
I'm worried about it.
I'm worried about me getting killed.
I'm worried about me getting shot.
I'm worried about my children.
I'm worried about my family's safety.
I'm worried about my friend.
I'm worried about my future.
I'm worried about my luggage.
I'm worried about my mother's health.
I'm worried about my parents back home.
I'm worried about my weight.
I'm worried about myself.
I'm worried about that.
I'm worried about the baby.
I'm worried about the exam results.
I'm worried about the future of this project.
I'm worried about the future.
I'm worried about the global warming trend.
I'm worried about the kids.
I'm worried about the safety of the passengers.
I'm worried about the situation.
I'm worried about the state of Tom's health.
I'm worried about the test result.
I'm worried about the weather.
I'm worried about them, too.
I'm worried about them.
I'm worried about tomorrow.
I'm worried about what might happen if I did that.
I'm worried about what might happen.
I'm worried about what other people are going to think.
I'm worried about what other people might think.
I'm worried about what'll happen if Tom and Mary come.
I'm worried about what'll happen if Tom comes.
I'm worried about what'll happen if Tom doesn't come.
I'm worried about what'll happen if Tom doesn't win.
I'm worried about what'll happen if Tom wins.
I'm worried about what'll happen.
I'm worried about what's going to happen to Tom.
I'm worried about you, too.
I'm worried about you.
I'm worried about your attitude.
I'm worried about your health.
I'm worried about your safety.
I'm worried because I think Tom might get hurt.
I'm worried because I think that Tom might get hurt.
I'm worried because I think there's a chance Tom might get hurt.
I'm worried because I think there's a chance that Tom might get hurt.
I'm worried because Tom might get hurt.
I'm worried because of his health.
I'm worried because the dentist I went to recently told me, "You've got periodontitis alright".
I'm worried for this country's future.
I'm worried for you.
I'm worried he'll get lost.
I'm worried it could create friction between us.
I'm worried now.
I'm worried our dimensions will combine and the shadow people will be able to get me.
I'm worried she'll dehydrate.
I'm worried sick.
I'm worried something bad might happen, so I'm gonna go see what's going on.
I'm worried something bad might happen.
I'm worried something is amiss.
I'm worried that I might be late.
I'm worried that I might get fired.
I'm worried that I might get sued.
I'm worried that I might lose my job.
I'm worried that I'll get lost.
I'm worried that I'll make a mistake.
I'm worried that Tom is in a cult.
I'm worried that Tom joined a cult.
I'm worried that Tom may have joined a cult.
I'm worried that Tom may not be able to do what we've asked him to do.
I'm worried that Tom might be lost.
I'm worried that Tom might get injured.
I'm worried that Tom might get lost.
I'm worried that Tom might not be able to do what we've asked him to do.
I'm worried that Tom will get dehydrated.
I'm worried that Tom will get hurt.
I'm worried that Tom will get lost.
I'm worried that Tom won't like my parents.
I'm worried that by focusing on my English here, I'll start losing some of my Spanish again because I'm not actively writing it.
I'm worried that he'll get lost.
I'm worried that it might rain tomorrow.
I'm worried that it will rain tomorrow.
I'm worried that it'll rain tomorrow.
I'm worried that she may have gotten lost.
I'm worried that something might happen to Tom.
I'm worried that taking on so many hours would cause me to lose Medicaid.
I'm worried that won't happen.
I'm worried that you'll have to go in person.
I'm worried we're not on the same page; Tom is saying something different from Mary, and I heard differently from John.
I'm worried whether your house was involved or not.
I'm worried you'll get lost.
I'm worried your carelessness will kneecap our chances of success.
I'm worried!
I'm worried, too.
I'm worried.
I'm worried. Tom hasn't been talking to anyone since his sister's accident.
I'm worrying about her.
I'm worrying about your success.
I'm worrying!
I'm worse than Tom.
I'm worth about a hundred million dollars.
I'm worth it.
I'm worth more than this.
I'm worthless.
I'm worthy of attention and respect.
I'm worthy of being listened to.
I'm worthy of experiencing authentic love and affection, not just superficial emotions.
I'm wounded.
I'm writing Tom a letter.
I'm writing a book in French.
I'm writing a book in Spanish.
I'm writing a book in Toki Pona that already contains 7700 sentences, but it's still under review.
I'm writing a book in Toki Pona that already has 1,000 pages.
I'm writing a book now.
I'm writing a book that no one's ever going to read.
I'm writing a book.
I'm writing a great love story in Berber.
I'm writing a letter now.
I'm writing a letter to Mary.
I'm writing a letter to Tom now.
I'm writing a letter to Tom.
I'm writing a letter to my daughter.
I'm writing a letter to my girlfriend.
I'm writing a letter to my wife.
I'm writing a letter.
I'm writing a message to Tom right now.
I'm writing a message to Tom.
I'm writing a new book.
I'm writing a novel.
I'm writing a paper on the French Revolution.
I'm writing a paper.
I'm writing a poem.
I'm writing a random sentence.
I'm writing a sentence in German.
I'm writing a song in French.
I'm writing a song in German.
I'm writing a song.
I'm writing a space opera.
I'm writing a story about us.
I'm writing a story.
I'm writing a term paper.
I'm writing about Western Sahara. Try and stop me.
I'm writing about us.
I'm writing about you.
I'm writing an article for my blog.
I'm writing an article for the school newspaper.
I'm writing an article.
I'm writing an email to my brother.
I'm writing an essay.
I'm writing another story.
I'm writing gibberish.
I'm writing in French to tell the French that I'm not French.
I'm writing in Tatar.
I'm writing in order to express my discontent.
I'm writing it down so as not to forget it.
I'm writing my will.
I'm writing nonsense.
I'm writing something.
I'm writing that on behalf of our friends who passed away.
I'm writing the fellow.
I'm writing these things down at the same time: eggs, butter, potatoes.
I'm writing this from space.
I'm writing this letter to Tom.
I'm writing this letter to her.
I'm writing this letter to him.
I'm writing this on Friday, June 2, 2017 at 10 AM.
I'm writing this on a Wednesday evening in October.
I'm writing to Tom.
I'm writing to a friend.
I'm writing to her.
I'm writing to him now.
I'm writing to him.
I'm writing to the guy.
I'm writing to them.
I'm writing to you on behalf of my mother.
I'm writing with the red pen.
I'm writing with yours.
I'm writing you a book.
I'm writing.
I'm wrong, am I not?
I'm wrong.
I'm xenophobic.
I'm yawning a lot.
I'm yawning because I'm tired.
I'm yawning from boredom.
I'm yawning.
I'm yearning for the cold to arrive.
I'm yearning to see you...
I'm yelling at my computer.
I'm yelling.
I'm you from the future.
I'm young and healthy.
I'm young and innocent.
I'm young and you're younger than I am.
I'm young at heart.
I'm young, but I'm not afraid.
I'm young, but I'm not stupid.
I'm young, but I'm not that young.
I'm young, but not that young.
I'm young, too.
I'm young.
I'm younger and stronger than you.
I'm younger than I look.
I'm younger than Mary.
I'm younger than Tom.
I'm younger than he is.
I'm younger than her.
I'm younger than him.
I'm younger than she is.
I'm younger than you are.
I'm younger than you may think.
I'm younger than you think.
I'm younger than you.
I'm your Berber teacher now.
I'm your Berber teacher.
I'm your French teacher.
I'm your age.
I'm your ancestor.
I'm your assistant now.
I'm your assistant.
I'm your attorney now.
I'm your aunt and you're my nephew.
I'm your best friend.
I'm your best friend. Why are you lying to me?
I'm your best friend. You can tell me anything.
I'm your best friend. You can tell me.
I'm your biggest fan.
I'm your bodyguard now.
I'm your bodyguard.
I'm your boss now.
I'm your boss.
I'm your boy.
I'm your boyfriend and you belong to me.
I'm your boyfriend, aren't I?
I'm your boyfriend.
I'm your brother and I've got your back.
I'm your brother, not your father!
I'm your brother.
I'm your captain.
I'm your chaperone.
I'm your coach now.
I'm your conscience.
I'm your cousin.
I'm your creator.
I'm your dad.
I'm your daddy now.
I'm your daughter.
I'm your deputy.
I'm your direct superior and you're my assistant.
I'm your doctor now.
I'm your doctor, not your executioner.
I'm your doctor.
I'm your driver.
I'm your elder sister.
I'm your father's colleague.
I'm your father, Adolf.
I'm your father-in-law now.
I'm your father.
I'm your flatmate Paul.
I'm your flatmate.
I'm your friend and I care about you.
I'm your friend, aren't I?
I'm your friend, right?
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend. You can tell me anything.
I'm your friend. You can tell me.
I'm your girl.
I'm your girlfriend and almost your wife.
I'm your girlfriend.
I'm your girlfriend. You can tell me.
I'm your guardian angel.
I'm your guy.
I'm your housemate.
I'm your husband and you belong to me.
I'm your husband and you belong to me. You're my property.
I'm your husband now.
I'm your husband.
I'm your king and you're my queen.
I'm your last hope.
I'm your lawyer now.
I'm your lawyer.
I'm your leader.
I'm your little sister.
I'm your maid.
I'm your manager.
I'm your master.
I'm your mother and I'm responsible for you.
I'm your mother, Luke.
I'm your mother-in-law now.
I'm your mother.
I'm your neighbor.
I'm your neighbour from the fourth floor.
I'm your neighbour.
I'm your new Berber teacher.
I'm your new assistant.
I'm your new lawyer.
I'm your new neighbor.
I'm your new partner.
I'm your new principal now.
I'm your new roommate.
I'm your new teacher now.
I'm your next-door neighbor.
I'm your older sister.
I'm your one and only, Anna.
I'm your only hope.
I'm your only ticket out of here.
I'm your partner.
I'm your past.
I'm your patron.
I'm your roommate Paul.
I'm your roommate.
I'm your servant.
I'm your sister.
I'm your son's friend.
I'm your son.
I'm your stepfather now.
I'm your stepmother now.
I'm your superior.
I'm your teacher now.
I'm your teacher.
I'm your uncle's wife.
I'm your waiter.
I'm your wedding planner now.
I'm your wife and I deserve more than this.
I'm your wife and I like to look nice to please you.
I'm your wife and you belong to me.
I'm your wife now.
I'm your wife, aren't I?
I'm your wife, not your slave!
I'm your wife.
I'm your worst nightmare.
I'm yours and you're mine.
I'm yours tonight.
I'm yours.
I'm zero interested in books.
I'm, as Tom said, from Boston.
I'm, as you know, a family man.
I'm, as you know, a good judge of character.
I'm, as you know, a lawyer.
I'm, as you know, a very busy person.
I'm, as you know, a very rich man.
I'm, as you know, a wealthy man.
I'm, as you know, an actor.
I'm, in fact, a man.
I'm, in fact, a witch.
I'm, in fact, an orphan.
I'm, in fact, capable of doing this by myself.
I'm, in fact, feeling lucky.
I'm, in fact, innocent.
I'm, in fact, nervous.
I'm, in fact, quite happy about the way things turned out.
I'm, like, totally amped.
I'ma bit of a fanatic.
I'v moved to another neighborhood.
I've a bad head for names.
I've a lot of backlog of work.
I've a lot of sleep to catch up on this week.
I've a lot of work for tomorrow morning.
I've a lot to think about these days.
I've a patient. See you.
I've a poem about freedom that you'll like.
I've a pretty good idea.
I've a researcher's turn of mind, so I don't think language study suits me.
I've a serious illness, I've advanced cirrhosis of the liver.
I've a slight headache.
I've a yen for adventures.
I've abandoned the garden.
I've accepted Tom's resignation.
I've accepted it.
I've accidentally deleted some files.
I've accidentally locked my keys in the car.
I've accomplished a lot.
I've accomplished my task.
I've accused you unfairly.
I've accused you unfairly. I am sorry.
I've achieved a lot.
I've acknowledged my mistake.
I've acquired confidence in the job.
I've actually already done that.
I've actually always found it boring to sit at the beach and do nothing.
I've actually been thinking about quitting lately.
I've actually been through a similar situation.
I've actually decided to do that.
I've actually discussed that with Tom.
I've actually done it.
I've actually done that quite a few times.
I've actually done that.
I've actually heard of this.
I've actually never been drunk.
I've actually never been to Australia.
I've actually never been to Boston.
I've actually never done that by myself.
I've actually never had the pleasure of meeting Tom.
I've actually never heard a crocodile speak.
I've actually never played golf.
I've actually never seen it.
I've actually never studied French.
I've adapted to the vagaries of the weather.
I've added 3,333 Russian sentences to the Tatoeba corpus.
I've added a few more translations.
I've added a tag indicating the author.
I've added an alternative English sentence.
I've added an alternative sentence and I've tagged it as 'old fashioned'. What more do you want, blood?
I've added my recommendations to improve the situation.
I've added sentences.
I've added your name to the list.
I've admired Tom for a long time.
I've admired Tom for a while.
I've admired you for many years.
I've advertised my house in the newspaper.
I've advised Tom not to continue doing that.
I've advised Tom not to do that again.
I've advised Tom not to do that anymore.
I've advised Tom not to do that.
I've advised Tom not to start doing that again.
I've advised Tom not to start doing that.
I've advised Tom not to stop doing that.
I've advised Tom to continue doing that.
I've advised Tom to do that again.
I've advised Tom to do that before he goes back to Australia.
I've advised Tom to do that before he goes back to Boston.
I've advised Tom to do that.
I've advised Tom to start doing that again.
I've advised Tom to start doing that.
I've advised Tom to stop doing that.
I've agreed not to do that again.
I've agreed not to do that anymore.
I've agreed not to do that.
I've agreed to accept Tom's offer.
I've agreed to ask Tom to do that.
I've agreed to be there by 2:30.
I've agreed to come back.
I've agreed to do that for Tom.
I've agreed to do that.
I've agreed to do what they've asked me to do.
I've agreed to go on a date with Tom's sister.
I've agreed to go to Australia with Tom.
I've agreed to go to Boston with Tom.
I've agreed to help Tom do that.
I've agreed to help Tom find a job.
I've agreed to help Tom next weekend.
I've agreed to help Tom with his work.
I've agreed to help Tom.
I've agreed to join Tom's band.
I've agreed to leave.
I've agreed to let Tom do that.
I've agreed to let Tom go.
I've agreed to meet Tom after school.
I've agreed to meet Tom in front of the school at 2:30.
I've agreed to teach Tom French.
I've agreed.
I've all but finished doing that.
I've all the symptoms of Covid; what should I do?
I've allowed for that possibility, too.
I've allowed my children to do that many times.
I've allowed my kids to do that many times.
I've almost finished doing that.
I've almost finished doing this.
I've almost finished doing what needs to be done.
I've almost finished listening to the album.
I've almost finished my homework.
I've almost finished my work.
I've almost finished this report.
I've almost finished washing the dishes.
I've almost finished what I have to do.
I've almost finished.
I've almost got it.
I've almost made up my mind.
I've almost no experience doing that.
I've almost persuaded Tom to do that.
I've almost persuaded Tom to drive us to Boston.
I've almost persuaded Tom to help us.
I've almost persuaded Tom.
I've almost run Tom down.
I've already accepted it.
I've already accomplished what I wanted to accomplish.
I've already agreed to do that.
I've already answered Tom's questions.
I've already answered that question.
I've already answered these letters.
I've already answered this question.
I've already apologised.
I've already apologized for doing that.
I've already apologized for that.
I've already apologized to Tom.
I've already applied for a visa.
I've already arranged for that to happen.
I've already arranged it.
I've already arranged that.
I've already arranged to do that.
I've already asked Tom about that.
I've already asked Tom not to do that.
I've already asked Tom not to leave early.
I've already asked Tom to do that three times.
I've already asked Tom to do that.
I've already asked Tom to leave early.
I've already asked Tom to stop doing that.
I've already asked Tom what he thinks.
I've already asked Tom whether he'd help or not.
I've already asked the police for protection.
I've already become better.
I've already been asked all these questions.
I've already been asked not to do that.
I've already been asked to do that.
I've already been asked to leave.
I've already been fooled twice.
I've already been here before.
I've already been here for months.
I've already been here for three hours.
I've already been here for three months.
I've already been here for three weeks.
I've already been here for two hours.
I've already been here for two weeks.
I've already been here two hours.
I've already been married for three years.
I've already been paid.
I've already been punished for doing that.
I've already been punished.
I've already been questioned by the police.
I've already been shot twice.
I've already been swimming once today.
I've already been there and back.
I've already been there.
I've already been through that.
I've already been to America two times.
I've already been to Boston three times.
I've already been to Boston.
I've already been to Kyoto three times.
I've already been to his house but he wasn't there.
I've already been to the Seattle Space Needle.
I've already been to the bank today.
I've already been to the supermarket today.
I've already been to the supermarket.
I've already been told I'm not allowed to do that.
I've already been told I'm not going to be allowed to do that.
I've already been told what not to do.
I've already been told what to do.
I've already been waiting for some time for more information.
I've already been working here for a few months.
I've already been working here for several hours.
I've already begun studying French.
I've already begun.
I've already bought Tom what he asked me to buy.
I've already bought everything I need to buy.
I've already bought everything I need.
I've already bought everything I want.
I've already bought my ticket.
I've already bought three of those.
I've already bought what I need.
I've already bought what I want.
I've already bought what Tom asked me to buy.
I've already called Tom.
I've already called a taxi for you.
I've already called a taxi.
I've already called everyone.
I've already called for a tow truck.
I've already called for help.
I've already called her.
I've already called him.
I've already called the cops.
I've already called the police.
I've already called them.
I've already called you a taxi.
I've already called.
I've already caused Tom a lot of trouble.
I've already changed my clothes.
I've already checked in.
I've already checked on that.
I've already checked out.
I've already checked the list.
I've already checked those possibilities.
I've already chosen.
I've already cleaned my room.
I've already cleaned the room.
I've already come here before.
I've already complained about that.
I've already completed four out of six tasks on my to-do list today.
I've already completely forgotten Latin.
I've already considered that idea.
I've already considered that plan.
I've already considered that possibility.
I've already considered that.
I've already contributed.
I've already corrected it.
I've already corrected that.
I've already dealt with that problem.
I've already decided not to do that.
I've already decided not to leave early.
I've already decided to do that.
I've already decided to give this to Tom.
I've already decided to leave early.
I've already decided to walk there.
I've already decided what I'm going to do.
I've already decided what to do.
I've already decided where I'm going to go.
I've already decided where to live.
I've already decided who to give my old bicycle to.
I've already decided who to go with.
I've already decided.
I've already delivered the packages to Tom's house.
I've already disconnected everything.
I've already discussed it with Tom.
I've already discussed that with Tom.
I've already discussed that with you.
I've already discussed this with Tom.
I've already done all I need to do.
I've already done all I want to do in Boston.
I've already done enough.
I've already done everything I had to do.
I've already done everything I need to do.
I've already done everything I needed to do.
I've already done everything I was asked to do.
I've already done everything I was supposed to do.
I've already done everything I'm supposed to do.
I've already done everything Tom and Mary have asked me to do.
I've already done everything Tom and Mary have told me to do.
I've already done everything Tom asked me to do.
I've already done everything Tom has asked me to do.
I've already done everything Tom has told me to do.
I've already done everything that you've asked me to do.
I've already done everything you asked me to do.
I've already done everything you've asked me to do.
I've already done everything you've told me to do.
I've already done it.
I've already done most of what I have to do today.
I've already done most of what needs to be done.
I've already done my homework.
I've already done my part.
I've already done my work.
I've already done step one.
I've already done that a lot of times.
I've already done that lots of times.
I've already done that many times.
I've already done that more times than I'd like to admit.
I've already done that once today.
I've already done that several times.
I've already done that three times.
I've already done that too much.
I've already done that twice today.
I've already done that.
I've already done the hard part.
I've already done the paperwork.
I've already done this several times.
I've already done what I had to do.
I've already done what I need to do.
I've already done what I needed to do.
I've already done what I said I'd do.
I've already done what I was supposed to do.
I've already done what needs to be done.
I've already done what you asked me to do.
I've already done you a favor.
I've already drunk a lot of coffee today.
I've already drunk all the water I brought with me.
I've already drunk half a bottle of wine while I was waiting for you.
I've already drunk three beers.
I've already drunk three cups of coffee.
I've already drunk three glasses of wine.
I've already eaten all my lunch!
I've already eaten both of my sandwiches.
I've already eaten breakfast.
I've already eaten dinner.
I've already eaten enough.
I've already eaten everything I'm going to.
I've already eaten half the ham.
I've already eaten lunch.
I've already eaten my lunch.
I've already eaten rice.
I've already eaten supper.
I've already eaten.
I've already examined it.
I've already explained all that.
I've already explained all this to them.
I've already explained everything to her.
I've already explained everything to him.
I've already explained everything.
I've already explained it many times.
I've already explained it several times.
I've already explained it so many times.
I've already explained it to Tom many times.
I've already explained it to Tom once.
I've already explained it to Tom.
I've already explained it to you twice.
I've already explained it twice.
I've already explained that to Tom.
I've already explained that.
I've already explained the rules to Tom.
I've already explained this to you many times before.
I've already fed the baby.
I've already fed the chickens.
I've already fed the children.
I've already fed the dog.
I've already fed the fish.
I've already figured it out.
I've already filed a complaint.
I've already filed my report.
I've already filled out the form.
I've already filled out the whole form.
I've already finished breakfast.
I've already finished cleaning my room.
I've already finished dinner.
I've already finished doing my chores.
I've already finished doing my homework.
I've already finished doing that.
I've already finished doing what I needed to do.
I've already finished eating.
I've already finished it.
I've already finished my chores.
I've already finished my homework.
I've already finished my work.
I've already finished reading the book that Tom gave me yesterday.
I've already finished reading this book.
I've already finished the job.
I've already finished what I had to do.
I've already finished.
I've already fixed it.
I've already fixed that.
I've already forgiven Tom.
I've already forgotten Tom's girlfriend's name.
I've already forgotten Tom's last name.
I've already forgotten everything I learned about English.
I've already forgotten her name.
I've already forgotten his name.
I've already forgotten how to do that.
I've already forgotten more than you'll ever know.
I've already forgotten my dreams.
I've already forgotten my grandmother's face.
I've already forgotten what I ate for dinner last night.
I've already forgotten what I was going to remind you to do.
I've already forgotten what I'm supposed to do.
I've already forgotten what my grandfather looked like.
I've already forgotten what time you said the meeting was going to start.
I've already forgotten what you told me I should do.
I've already forgotten where you told me you wanted me to meet you.
I've already forgotten where.
I've already forgotten why you said we were supposed to do this.
I've already forgotten your name.
I've already forgotten.
I've already found a volunteer.
I've already found somebody to do that for us.
I've already found somebody to do that job.
I've already found someone to do that for us.
I've already found what I was looking for.
I've already gained back all the weight I lost last summer.
I've already gained back all the weight that I lost last summer.
I've already given Mary what she asked for.
I've already given Mary what she really wanted.
I've already given Tom a present.
I've already given Tom and Mary what they really wanted.
I've already given Tom everything that I'm going to give him.
I've already given Tom his birthday present.
I've already given Tom many chances to do that right thing.
I've already given Tom many chances to do that.
I've already given Tom many chances.
I've already given Tom my number.
I've already given Tom permission to do that.
I've already given Tom some money.
I've already given Tom the information.
I've already given Tom thirty dollars.
I've already given Tom what he asked for.
I've already given Tom what he really wanted.
I've already given Tom what he wanted.
I've already given Tom your number.
I've already given back the key.
I've already given the key back.
I've already given thirty dollars to Tom.
I've already given you a lot of chances to do that.
I've already given you my answer.
I've already given you way too much information.
I've already gone home.
I've already gone through several marriages, but none of them gave me the happiness I deserve.
I've already got a buyer lined up.
I've already got a job.
I've already got a place to live.
I've already got an idea.
I've already got it all paid for.
I've already got plans.
I've already got the money.
I've already got up.
I've already gotten used to Tom's mood swings.
I've already had a coffee.
I've already had a cup of coffee today.
I've already had a cup of coffee.
I've already had coffee to drink.
I've already had coffee.
I've already had dinner.
I've already had lunch.
I've already had many chances.
I've already had my breakfast.
I've already had my supper.
I've already had something to eat.
I've already had the entrance ceremony. It's a university alongside the same railway line.
I've already had three beers.
I've already had three cups of coffee.
I've already had three glasses of wine.
I've already had two coffees.
I've already had two cups of coffee.
I've already heard about how you did that.
I've already heard about it.
I've already heard about that.
I've already heard back from Tom.
I've already heard enough.
I've already heard that melody somewhere.
I've already heard this joke.
I've already heard this once.
I've already heard this story.
I've already hidden the diamonds.
I've already hired a rowing boat.
I've already hung up the laundry.
I've already informed Tom that he needs to be here early tomorrow morning.
I've already invested a lot of money into my home.
I've already invited Tom and Mary to the party.
I've already ironed my dress.
I've already ironed my pants.
I've already ironed my trousers.
I've already kissed Tom several times.
I've already learned a lot.
I've already learned how to play a few chords on the banjo.
I've already learned what Tom is like.
I've already left a message.
I've already left the village.
I've already lived in Coimbra.
I've already lived most of my life.
I've already looked at the nurse.
I've already looked everywhere.
I've already lost hope of her losing weight.
I've already lost the pen I bought yesterday.
I've already lost the pen that I bought yesterday.
I've already lost too much time.
I've already made a lot of new friends here in Australia.
I've already made a lot of new friends here in Boston.
I've already made a video about that.
I've already made amends to most of the people on my list.
I've already made arrangements.
I've already made enough of a spectacle of myself.
I've already made it.
I've already made my decision.
I've already made my first million dollars.
I've already made plans.
I've already made that mistake.
I've already made the deal.
I've already made up my mind, Jamal.
I've already made up my mind.
I've already managed to do it.
I've already managed to do that.
I've already memorized the three poems Mr. Jackson told me to memorize.
I've already memorized your phone number.
I've already mentioned that to Tom.
I've already met Tom.
I've already met everybody.
I've already met everyone.
I've already met her.
I've already met him.
I've already met them.
I've already ordered a pizza and a couple of drinks for us.
I've already ordered it.
I've already ordered them.
I've already ordered us some drinks.
I've already ordered.
I've already packed my bags.
I've already packed my things.
I've already packed.
I've already paged Tom.
I've already paid back all the money that I owed Tom.
I've already paid for it.
I've already paid for that.
I've already paid for the first lesson.
I've already paid my rent.
I've already paid the bill.
I've already paid you.
I've already paid.
I've already paid. Please dispatch the merchandise as soon as possible.
I've already persuaded Tom to do that.
I've already picked my successor.
I've already picked out the CD I'm going to buy next.
I've already picked out the next CD I'm going to buy.
I've already picked out the next CD that I'm going to buy.
I've already pledged to do that.
I've already posted your bail.
I've already prayed.
I've already prepared breakfast.
I've already prepared that.
I've already promised Tom I'd help him.
I've already promised Tom that I'd help him.
I've already promised not to do that.
I've already promised to do that.
I've already promised to show Tom around town.
I've already published three books.
I've already put Tom to work on it.
I've already read all of those books.
I've already read all the Harry Potter books.
I've already read both of these books.
I've already read both of those books.
I've already read it.
I've already read most of the books over there.
I've already read most of this book.
I've already read some of these books.
I've already read some of what you wrote.
I've already read that book.
I've already read that document.
I've already read that elsewhere.
I've already read that novel.
I've already read that somewhere else.
I've already read the book you lent me.
I've already read the book you're talking about.
I've already read the book.
I've already read this book three times.
I've already read this book.
I've already read this report.
I've already read this study.
I've already read today's paper.
I've already registered.
I've already reminded Tom to do that.
I've already removed your name from the list.
I've already rescheduled my appointment twice.
I've already resigned.
I've already retired.
I've already returned the books to the library.
I've already returned the books.
I've already returned the key.
I've already returned the keys.
I've already said I don't know how one does it.
I've already said I don't know how to do it.
I've already said I don't know the answer.
I've already said I'll do that.
I've already said I'm not going.
I've already said a lot about all this, and I don't want to repeat myself.
I've already said everything I know!
I've already said everything I'm going to.
I've already said hello to Tom.
I've already said more than I should have.
I've already said more than I should've.
I've already said my prayers for the night.
I've already said no.
I've already said that I won't do that.
I've already said that I'll do that.
I've already said that.
I've already said too much as it is.
I've already said what I knew.
I've already said yes.
I've already saved your life twice.
I've already seen Tom about that matter.
I've already seen all I want to see in Boston.
I've already seen enough.
I've already seen everything I want to see in Boston.
I've already seen her.
I've already seen it millions of times.
I've already seen it.
I've already seen one.
I've already seen people do that quite a few times before.
I've already seen something like that.
I've already seen that film.
I've already seen that movie, I think.
I've already seen that movie.
I've already seen the film.
I've already seen them.
I've already seen these photos.
I've already seen this man before somewhere.
I've already seen this movie many times.
I've already seen this movie several times.
I've already seen this movie.
I've already seen this.
I've already seen to it.
I've already seen what I want to see in Boston.
I've already sent an email to the support department.
I've already sent for Tom.
I've already sent for her.
I've already sent for him.
I've already sent for them.
I've already sent in my application.
I've already sent you the money through PayPal, so don't worry.
I've already set the table.
I've already showered.
I've already shown Tom how to do that.
I've already shown the contract to Tom.
I've already signed all the documents.
I've already signed the contract.
I've already slept this week.
I've already sold it.
I've already sold my car.
I've already spent a lot of time thinking about this problem.
I've already spent a lot of time thinking about this.
I've already spent all my money.
I've already spent all my pocket money for this month.
I've already spent all the money Tom gave me.
I've already spent all the money you gave me.
I've already spent my allowance.
I've already spent my inheritance.
I've already spent ten minutes waiting.
I've already spent three times as much money as you have.
I've already spent three weeks on this project.
I've already spent too much time on this.
I've already spoken to Tom about it.
I've already spoken to Tom about that.
I've already spoken to Tom about the problem we're having.
I've already spoken to Tom about the problems we're having.
I've already spoken to Tom.
I've already spoken to her.
I've already spoken to him.
I've already spoken to that student.
I've already spoken to them.
I've already spoken with Tom.
I've already spoken with her.
I've already spoken with him.
I've already spoken with them.
I've already started doing that.
I've already started learning Russian.
I've already started my holiday.
I've already started my vacation.
I've already started reading that book.
I've already started reading the book my granddaughter gave me.
I've already started studying French.
I've already started to do so.
I've already started to do that.
I've already started to forget about that.
I've already started.
I've already stopped doing that.
I've already suggested that to Tom.
I've already sung that song three times tonight.
I've already sung three folks songs tonight.
I've already taken care of everything.
I've already taken care of it.
I've already taken my shoes off.
I've already taken my sweater off.
I've already taken off my jumper.
I've already taken off my shoes.
I've already taken off my sweater.
I've already taken out the garbage.
I've already taken out the trash.
I've already taken pictures with my mobile phone.
I've already taken the garbage out.
I've already talked about that more than once.
I've already talked about that several times.
I've already talked to Tom a couple of times about that.
I've already talked to Tom about his grades.
I've already talked to Tom about his marks.
I've already talked to Tom about that matter.
I've already talked to Tom about that.
I've already talked to Tom.
I've already talked to everyone.
I've already talked to her.
I've already talked to him.
I've already talked to the manager.
I've already talked to them.
I've already talked to this student.
I've already talked with Tom about his grades.
I've already talked with Tom about that.
I've already taught Tom how to do that.
I've already tested them.
I've already thanked Tom for doing that.
I've already thanked Tom.
I've already thought about that.
I've already thought of that.
I've already told Mary I won't help her.
I've already told Mary she can borrow my car.
I've already told Mary she can leave early.
I've already told Mary she can't go to Tom's party.
I've already told Mary she has to do that.
I've already told Mary she has to leave early.
I've already told Mary she needs to do that.
I've already told Mary she should do that.
I've already told Mary she should leave early.
I've already told Mary what she needs to do.
I've already told Mary why she has to do that.
I've already told Mary why she needs to do that.
I've already told Mary why she should do that.
I've already told Tom I don't know how to do that.
I've already told Tom I don't plan on doing that.
I've already told Tom I don't plan to do that.
I've already told Tom I don't want him to do that.
I've already told Tom I don't want to do that.
I've already told Tom I have to do that.
I've already told Tom I need to do that.
I've already told Tom I plan on staying in Australia for another three weeks.
I've already told Tom I plan on staying in Australia for three more weeks.
I've already told Tom I plan on staying in Boston for another three weeks.
I've already told Tom I plan on staying in Boston for three more weeks.
I've already told Tom I want to do that.
I've already told Tom I won't help him.
I've already told Tom I'll pay for it.
I've already told Tom I'm not going to do that.
I've already told Tom Mary isn't here.
I've already told Tom about it.
I've already told Tom about that.
I've already told Tom about the meeting.
I've already told Tom about the problem we're having.
I've already told Tom about the problems we've been having.
I've already told Tom all I know.
I've already told Tom all about it.
I've already told Tom and Mary I won't help them.
I've already told Tom and Mary they can borrow my car.
I've already told Tom and Mary they can't go to John's party.
I've already told Tom and Mary they have to do that.
I've already told Tom and Mary they have to leave early.
I've already told Tom and Mary they need to do that.
I've already told Tom and Mary they should do that.
I've already told Tom and Mary they should leave early.
I've already told Tom and Mary what I plan to do.
I've already told Tom and Mary what they need to do.
I've already told Tom and Mary why they have to do that.
I've already told Tom and Mary why they need to do that.
I've already told Tom and Mary why they should do that.
I've already told Tom everything I knew.
I've already told Tom everything I know.
I've already told Tom everything I think he needs to know.
I've already told Tom everything.
I've already told Tom he can borrow my car.
I've already told Tom he can leave early.
I've already told Tom he can't do that.
I've already told Tom he can't go to Mary's party.
I've already told Tom he doesn't have to do that.
I've already told Tom he doesn't need to do that.
I've already told Tom he has to do that.
I've already told Tom he has to leave early.
I've already told Tom he needs to be there tomorrow by 2:30.
I've already told Tom he needs to do that.
I've already told Tom he should do that.
I've already told Tom he should leave early.
I've already told Tom he won't be allowed to do that.
I've already told Tom he won't be permitted to do that.
I've already told Tom how I feel.
I've already told Tom how much the tickets are going to cost.
I've already told Tom how much the tickets will cost.
I've already told Tom how to do it.
I've already told Tom how to do that.
I've already told Tom not to do that again.
I've already told Tom not to do that anymore.
I've already told Tom not to do that.
I've already told Tom not to leave early.
I've already told Tom that I don't know how to do that.
I've already told Tom that I don't plan on doing that.
I've already told Tom that I don't plan on staying at home all day.
I've already told Tom that I don't plan to do that.
I've already told Tom that I don't plan to stay at home all day.
I've already told Tom that I don't want him to do that.
I've already told Tom that I don't want to do that.
I've already told Tom that I have to do that.
I've already told Tom that I need to do that.
I've already told Tom that I plan on staying in Australia for another three weeks.
I've already told Tom that I plan on staying in Australia for three more weeks.
I've already told Tom that I plan on staying in Boston for another three weeks.
I've already told Tom that I plan on staying in Boston for three more weeks.
I've already told Tom that I want to do that.
I've already told Tom that I'm not going to do that.
I've already told Tom that Mary is in the hospital.
I've already told Tom that Mary isn't here.
I've already told Tom that he can't do that.
I've already told Tom that he doesn't need to come here tomorrow.
I've already told Tom that he has to do that.
I've already told Tom that he needs to be there tomorrow by 2:30.
I've already told Tom that he should do that.
I've already told Tom that he should leave early.
I've already told Tom that he won't be allowed to do that.
I've already told Tom that he won't be permitted to do that.
I've already told Tom that.
I've already told Tom to be there tomorrow by 2:30.
I've already told Tom to do that three times and he still hasn't done it.
I've already told Tom to do that.
I've already told Tom to leave early.
I've already told Tom to take his umbrella with him.
I've already told Tom twice.
I've already told Tom what I can't eat.
I've already told Tom what I have to buy.
I've already told Tom what I have to do.
I've already told Tom what I need him to do for me.
I've already told Tom what I need to buy.
I've already told Tom what I need to do.
I've already told Tom what I plan to do.
I've already told Tom what I want him to do for me.
I've already told Tom what I want him to do.
I've already told Tom what I want to buy.
I've already told Tom what I want to do.
I've already told Tom what I want to eat.
I've already told Tom what happened.
I've already told Tom what he has to do.
I've already told Tom what he needs to do.
I've already told Tom what he ought to do.
I've already told Tom what he should buy.
I've already told Tom what he should do.
I've already told Tom what he should say to Mary.
I've already told Tom what he should say.
I've already told Tom what needs to be done.
I've already told Tom what to bring to the party.
I've already told Tom what to do.
I've already told Tom what you did.
I've already told Tom what'll probably happen.
I've already told Tom what's going to happen.
I've already told Tom when to do that.
I've already told Tom where to park his car.
I've already told Tom why he has to do that.
I've already told Tom why he needs to do that.
I've already told Tom why he should do that.
I've already told Tom.
I've already told everybody I'm moving to Boston.
I've already told everybody about it.
I've already told everybody about the party.
I've already told everybody about what happened.
I've already told everybody about what we need to do.
I've already told everybody that I'm moving to Boston.
I've already told everybody to go home.
I've already told everyone I'm moving to Australia.
I've already told everyone I'm moving to Boston.
I've already told everyone about the party.
I've already told everyone that I'm moving to Australia.
I've already told everyone that I'm moving to Boston.
I've already told everyone.
I've already told her everything.
I've already told her that.
I've already told her.
I've already told him everything.
I've already told him several times.
I've already told him that.
I've already told him this a thousand times.
I've already told him.
I've already told my parents that I want a flute for my birthday.
I've already told my parents.
I've already told the police everything I know.
I've already told the police everything that I know.
I've already told the police what happened.
I've already told them everything.
I've already told them she's not here.
I've already told them that.
I've already told them.
I've already told this to the cops.
I've already told what you should do.
I've already told you I didn't do that.
I've already told you I don't enjoy doing that.
I've already told you I don't have to do that.
I've already told you I don't know what to do.
I've already told you I don't like doing that.
I've already told you I don't like to do that.
I've already told you I don't need to do that.
I've already told you I don't plan on doing that.
I've already told you I don't plan on staying here with you.
I've already told you I don't plan to do that.
I've already told you I don't plan to stay here with you.
I've already told you I don't want to do that.
I've already told you I don't want you in my life, so leave me alone.
I've already told you I'm busy.
I've already told you I'm not a native French speaker.
I've already told you I'm not going to do that.
I've already told you I'm not interested in going out with you.
I've already told you I'm not the one who did that.
I've already told you about the plan.
I've already told you all I know about that.
I've already told you all you need to know about that.
I've already told you everything I know about Tom.
I've already told you everything I know about that.
I've already told you everything I think you need to know.
I've already told you everything I'm going to tell you.
I've already told you everything that I know about that.
I've already told you everything.
I've already told you it won't work.
I've already told you it's fine!
I've already told you more than I should have.
I've already told you more than I should've.
I've already told you no.
I've already told you not to do that.
I've already told you that I don't know how to do that.
I've already told you that I don't know what to do.
I've already told you that I don't want you here.
I've already told you that I'm not a native French speaker.
I've already told you that I'm not going to do that.
I've already told you that I'm not the one who did that.
I've already told you that a million times.
I've already told you that it won't work.
I've already told you that many times.
I've already told you that several times.
I've already told you that the answer is no.
I've already told you that three times.
I've already told you that.
I've already told you the reason.
I've already told you the truth.
I've already told you this ten times.
I've already told you what I know.
I've already told you what I think.
I've already told you what to do.
I've already told you what we had for lunch.
I've already told you what's going on.
I've already told you what's happening.
I've already told you why.
I've already told you.
I've already translated a quarter of the book.
I've already tried Tom at his office.
I've already tried doing it that way.
I've already tried doing that that way.
I've already tried doing that the way Tom suggested.
I've already tried doing that the way Tom told me to.
I've already tried doing that the way you suggested.
I've already tried doing that three times.
I've already tried doing that.
I've already tried it.
I've already tried that once.
I've already tried that.
I've already tried three different approaches.
I've already tried three different methods.
I've already tried three different ways.
I've already tried to do that.
I've already tried to quit smoking.
I've already tried.
I've already turned in my report.
I've already turned my computer off.
I've already turned off my computer.
I've already used all my leave.
I've already visited Australia several times.
I've already visited Australia.
I've already visited Boston several times.
I've already visited his university.
I've already voted.
I've already waited for almost half an hour.
I've already waited for half an hour.
I've already waited for over three hours.
I've already waited for three hours.
I've already waited nearly half an hour.
I've already waited three hours.
I've already waited two hours. I can't wait any longer.
I've already warned you.
I've already washed the dishes.
I've already wasted a couple of afternoons trying to get this car running.
I've already watched this film on the telly.
I've already won.
I've already worked in a restaurant.
I've already written Tom an email.
I've already written a letter.
I've already written an email to Tom about that.
I've already written everything that needs to be written.
I've already written it down.
I've already written my part of the report.
I've already written three books.
I've already written to Tom three times.
I've already written to Tom.
I've already written to everyone.
I've already written to her.
I've already written to him 3 times.
I've already written to him.
I've already written to them.
I've also become fond of you.
I've also built up a lot of stress from the change in job and work-place.
I've also come by to tell you that I'm deeply sorry.
I've also considered that possibility.
I've also done that.
I've also done the same thing several times myself.
I've also gained a lot of weight.
I've also got something to say.
I've also heard such a story.
I've also lived in Australia.
I've also lived in Boston and Chicago.
I've also lived in Boston.
I've also studied French.
I've also taught French.
I've also visited Australia.
I've also visited Boston.
I've always abstained myself from over-drinking because it doesn't do well with my organism.
I've always admired Tom.
I've always admired her.
I've always admired him.
I've always admired them.
I've always admired you a lot.
I've always admired you enormously.
I've always admired you, Tom.
I've always admired you.
I've always admired your patience.
I've always aimed to do things on a larger scale than everyone else in my life.
I've always aimed to see things bigger in my life.
I've always aimed to think bigger than others in my life.
I've always attended a private school.
I've always been a Giants fan.
I've always been a Republican.
I've always been a big Luigi fan.
I've always been a big fan of Jean Reno.
I've always been a bit insecure about myself.
I've always been a bit of an outcast.
I've always been a careful and a strict rule-sticker.
I've always been a confident person.
I've always been a dreamer.
I've always been a fan of horror films.
I've always been a fervently addicted learner of English.
I've always been a fighter.
I've always been a good judge of character.
I've always been a good teacher.
I've always been a hard worker.
I've always been a leader.
I've always been a little crazy.
I've always been a little curious about how Tom became so rich.
I've always been a little jealous of your friendship with Tom.
I've always been a little overweight.
I've always been a musician.
I've always been a romantic at heart.
I've always been a salesman.
I've always been a slow learner.
I've always been a strange person.
I've always been a strict and thorough rule-sticker.
I've always been a teetotaler.
I've always been a very bad person.
I've always been able to beat Tom at chess.
I've always been afraid of doctors.
I've always been afraid that this would happen.
I've always been alone.
I've always been an independent person.
I've always been an independent thinker.
I've always been an oddball.
I've always been attacked and stung by both bees and wasps during the spring and summer months of the year.
I've always been attracted to men.
I've always been attracted to older women.
I've always been attracted to the world of fashion.
I've always been careful to not say too much.
I've always been careful.
I've always been clear that I don't love you.
I've always been confident.
I've always been cool.
I've always been crazy.
I've always been creative.
I've always been different.
I've always been doing fine in my own company.
I've always been driven by a higher sense of purpose in my life.
I've always been fair.
I've always been fascinated by languages.
I've always been fascinated by the Tuaregs.
I've always been fascinated with the Chinese culture.
I've always been fast.
I've always been fat.
I've always been frank.
I've always been free to undertake any experience.
I've always been generous to you.
I've always been good at it.
I've always been good at maths.
I've always been good at sports.
I've always been good to Tom.
I've always been good with my hands.
I've always been healthy.
I've always been here for you.
I've always been here.
I've always been honest with you.
I've always been hugely addicted to learning English.
I've always been impressed by how well you speak French.
I've always been impressed by your abilities.
I've always been interested in botany.
I've always been interested in drawing.
I've always been interested in foreign languages.
I've always been interested in politics.
I've always been interested in robots.
I've always been interested in science.
I've always been interested in sketching.
I've always been interested in songwriting.
I've always been interested in surgery.
I've always been interested in the concept.
I've always been interested in working in agriculture.
I've always been interested in writing.
I've always been intimidated by you.
I've always been into cars.
I've always been into fermented foods, so it's no surprise I love Korean food.
I've always been intrigued by the idea.
I've always been like that.
I've always been like this.
I've always been living here.
I've always been lonely.
I've always been lucky in life!
I've always been lucky with things like this.
I've always been lucky.
I've always been mad.
I've always been messy.
I've always been more apt to opt for immediate gratification, so the convenience and smoother experience I get from letting Google handle all my data is worth it for me.
I've always been more interested in science than art.
I've always been nice to Tom.
I've always been number one.
I've always been on my own.
I've always been on time.
I've always been open to confrontation.
I've always been out of step with the people around me.
I've always been overweight.
I've always been passionate about football.
I've always been perfectly frank with you.
I've always been perfectly straight with you.
I've always been poor.
I've always been pretty good at sports.
I've always been proud of Tom.
I've always been proud of her.
I've always been proud of him.
I've always been proud of them.
I've always been proud of you.
I've always been quiet.
I've always been saying this.
I've always been sensitive to his charms.
I've always been shy.
I've always been smart.
I've always been stubborn.
I've always been sure.
I've always been terribly afraid of him.
I've always been the black sheep of the family.
I've always been the number one.
I've always been there for Tom.
I've always been there for you.
I've always been this way.
I've always been told that men would be my downfall.
I've always been told that.
I've always been troubled by that.
I've always been true to my own preferences.
I've always been true to my word.
I've always been very close to Tom.
I've always been very competitive.
I've always been very discreet.
I've always been very interested in programming.
I've always been very nice to Tom.
I've always been very passionate about painting.
I've always been very proud of that.
I've always been very proud of you.
I've always been weak.
I've always believed in and insisted on this.
I've always believed in some sort of destiny ruling over our own lifepath.
I've always believed in you.
I've always believed that.
I've always cared about you, Tom.
I've always carried out my duties.
I've always cherished it.
I've always considered Tom a close friend.
I've always considered myself as a fairly religious Muslim.
I've always considered myself lucky.
I've always considered you a close friend.
I've always considered you a friend.
I've always considered you more intelligent than all our other co-workers.
I've always craved caffeine.
I've always dated older women.
I've always depended on you. But that's over now.
I've always distrusted Tom.
I've always distrusted her.
I've always distrusted him.
I've always distrusted them.
I've always distrusted you.
I've always done it that way.
I've always done that that way.
I've always done this this way.
I've always done you good and this is the reward.
I've always drank a lot of Coke, but now I just drink water.
I've always dreamed of becoming an astronaut.
I've always dreamed of doing that.
I've always dreamed of going to Australia.
I've always dreamed of living abroad.
I've always dreamed of opening a restaurant.
I've always dreamed of owning my own business.
I've always dreamed of reaching fame someday.
I've always dreamed of seeing the future.
I've always dreamed of traveling around the world.
I've always dreamed of travelling around the world.
I've always dreamed of travelling round the world.
I've always dreamt of living abroad.
I've always dreamt of travelling round the world.
I've always dreamt of travelling the world.
I've always drooled over men in uniform.
I've always enjoyed being with you.
I've always enjoyed collecting metal objects.
I've always enjoyed my own company over spending time with other people.
I've always enjoyed playing tennis with Tom.
I've always enjoyed reading comics.
I've always enjoyed working longer and smarter than most people around me.
I've always enjoyed working smarter than everyone else around me.
I've always enjoyed working with kids.
I've always envisioned myself at university.
I've always fed my dogs in the early evening.
I've always felt deeply connected to aliens creatures, I just never knew why.
I've always felt it to be an advantage that people underestimate you at first as a woman.
I've always felt like I could achieve higher goals than most people around me.
I've always felt like aliens are out to get me.
I've always felt like aliens have bestowed a special life mission on me, always thought this and I've always had this unshakable feeling.
I've always felt more like a tiger than a person.
I've always felt really uneasy with him.
I've always felt that I had a more purposeful and a more meaningful lifepath to achieve and to go down than most people around me.
I've always felt that way about you.
I've always fooled myself into thinking that life was easier than what it actually was but reality soon caught up with me.
I've always fought for my rights.
I've always fought to survive.
I've always found Tinker Bell very sexy.
I've always found Tom to be a good judge of character.
I've always found Tom weird.
I've always found her unbelievably adorable.
I've always found her unbelievably pleasurable.
I've always found the idea appealing.
I've always found this song to be so haunting.
I've always got on well with Maria.
I've always got on well with Tom.
I've always gotten along very well with Tom.
I've always gotten along well with Tom.
I've always guessed that aliens saw something special in me for wanting to abduct me so forcefully.
I've always had a big crush on you.
I've always had a clear idea of what I wanted to chase after in my life and what kind of goals I wanted to implement in my career life.
I've always had a dog.
I've always had a fear of flying.
I've always had a hard time communicating with you.
I've always had a job.
I've always had a lot of friends.
I've always had a problem doing that.
I've always had a problem with the way Tom behaves.
I've always had a soft spot for him.
I've always had a soft spot in my heart for Mary.
I've always had a special soft spot for the English language.
I've always had a strong inclination to sticking carefully with the rules.
I've always had a sweet tooth.
I've always had a thing for Mary.
I've always had an interest in the paranormal.
I've always had complete confidence in your judgment.
I've always had erotic fantasies about you.
I've always had good fortune by my side.
I've always had help.
I've always had nice chats with Tom in this pub.
I've always had that problem.
I've always had this on my mind, but what is Tom majoring in?
I've always had trouble pronouncing that word.
I've always had trouble reading between the lines.
I've always had your respect.
I've always hated Australia.
I've always hated Tom.
I've always hated biology.
I've always hated doing that.
I've always hated her.
I've always hated him.
I've always hated hospitals.
I've always hated poems.
I've always hated singing.
I've always hated that color.
I've always hated the cold.
I've always hated the dark.
I've always hated this place.
I've always hated you.
I've always held your opinion in high regard.
I've always helped Tom.
I've always hoped to sail across the Pacific in a yacht.
I've always hoped to study at a university.
I've always imagined Heaven as being a sort of library.
I've always kept my promise.
I've always kept my promises.
I've always kept my word.
I've always kind of liked it.
I've always kind of wished I'd forgiven Tom when I had the chance.
I've always kind of wished that I'd forgiven Tom when I had the chance.
I've always known I can't do it.
I've always known I was adopted.
I've always known how this would end.
I've always known it.
I've always known something like this might happen.
I've always known that I couldn't do it.
I've always known that I'd never be enough for you.
I've always known that guys lie when they say that it's the proportions that matter.
I've always known that someday Tom would leave us.
I've always known that this would happen someday.
I've always known that.
I've always known this would happen eventually.
I've always known this would happen someday.
I've always liked Australia.
I've always liked Boston.
I've always liked Tom.
I've always liked antiques.
I've always liked baseball.
I've always liked books.
I've always liked challenges.
I've always liked football.
I've always liked her.
I've always liked him.
I've always liked horror movies.
I've always liked it.
I've always liked painting with watercolors.
I've always liked playing American football.
I've always liked playing football.
I've always liked soccer.
I've always liked that about Tom.
I've always liked that name.
I've always liked the frogs croaking outside. I've never found it annoying.
I've always liked the mountains.
I've always liked the outdoors.
I've always liked them.
I've always liked this restaurant.
I've always liked those people.
I've always liked volleyball.
I've always liked you more than you thought I did.
I've always liked you, Tom.
I've always liked you.
I've always liked your hair that way.
I've always lived here.
I've always lived in Australia.
I've always lived in Boston.
I've always lived in someone else's home.
I've always lived on Park Street.
I've always lived with my parents.
I've always looked up to him.
I've always loved Christmas.
I've always loved Egyptian culture.
I've always loved Halloween.
I've always loved Tom.
I've always loved doing that.
I've always loved elephants.
I've always loved history.
I've always loved horses.
I've always loved languages.
I've always loved learning Arabic.
I've always loved learning languages.
I've always loved plants.
I've always loved rain.
I've always loved snow, even as a child.
I've always loved the freedom that comes from being introverted.
I've always loved the idea of not being what people expect me to be.
I've always loved this place.
I've always loved you, Tom.
I've always loved you.
I've always loved your work.
I've always made it alone successfully in my life and I wouldn't have it any other way.
I've always made it clear to other people what I was chasing after in my life goals.
I've always managed to stay one step ahead of Tom.
I've always obeyed the rules.
I've always paid the rent on time.
I've always paid the rent.
I've always played with my brother.
I've always preferred the countryside.
I've always preferred working alone.
I've always put my family first.
I've always regretted not having traveled.
I've always remembered that.
I've always respected Tom.
I've always respected her.
I've always respected him.
I've always respected my father.
I've always respected them.
I've always respected you.
I've always said Tom and Mary are excellent judges of character.
I've always said Tom is an excellent judge of character.
I've always said it, the fault for everything was mine and mine alone.
I've always said that.
I've always secretly entertained a sexual fantasy towards you.
I've always secretly had sexual fantasies for you.
I've always seen him painted in a bad light everytime his name is mentioned in any local newspapers.
I've always sort of liked Tom.
I've always sought a huge thrill from life, but I've always ended up feeling disappointed by how miserable life ends up being.
I've always sought out the finer things in life.
I've always stated unequivocally that I don't love you.
I've always struggled with managing kids.
I've always stuck by Tom.
I've always suspected that you might've studied karate.
I've always suspected you might have studied karate.
I've always suspected you might've studied karate.
I've always taken care of you, haven't I?
I've always thought Boston had a certain je ne sais quoi.
I've always thought Tom had a certain je ne sais quoi.
I've always thought it was in France.
I've always thought of ironing boards as surfboards that quit chasing their dreams and got a real job.
I've always thought that a heart attack was nature's way of telling you that it was time to die.
I've always thought that all rich people are misers, but this year, everything changed.
I've always thought that breastfeeding was important for children's health.
I've always thought that ironing boards were surfboards that stopped pursuing their dreams and found a real job.
I've always thought that people don't understand the nuances of video game addiction.
I've always thought that rickshaws and sukiyaki were the most successful amongst the products made from what was imported from the West during the Meiji period.
I've always thought that video games could be very engaging, but I wouldn't say they're addictive.
I've always thought that video games could promote health if used properly.
I've always thought that you knew how to speak French.
I've always thought that.
I've always thought you didn't like me.
I've always thought you had good taste in women.
I've always thought you knew how to speak French.
I've always thought you knew how to swim.
I've always thought you were a Canadian.
I've always thought you were from Australia.
I've always thought you were from Boston.
I've always thought you weren't very smart.
I've always told the truth.
I've always told you that I don't love you.
I've always told you the truth.
I've always treated her with respect.
I've always treated you well.
I've always treated you with kindness.
I've always treated you with respect.
I've always tried not to let my children lack anything material.
I've always tried to do the right thing.
I've always tried to keep an open mind.
I've always tried to understand people's intentions.
I've always trusted Tom.
I've always trusted her.
I've always trusted him.
I've always trusted them.
I've always trusted you.
I've always trusted your judgment.
I've always understood you.
I've always wanted a child.
I've always wanted a daughter.
I've always wanted a dog.
I've always wanted a pet.
I've always wanted a pogo stick.
I've always wanted a red sports car.
I've always wanted a younger brother just so I could make fun of him when he's going through puberty.
I've always wanted an oinker.
I've always wanted children.
I've always wanted learn how to play a musical instrument.
I've always wanted one of these.
I've always wanted the finest things in life.
I've always wanted the very best out of life.
I've always wanted to adopt a puppy.
I've always wanted to aim for the stars in my life, I've always acted upon this principle in my life.
I've always wanted to ask for your autograph.
I've always wanted to ask you something.
I've always wanted to attend university.
I've always wanted to be a father.
I've always wanted to be a mother.
I've always wanted to be a princess.
I've always wanted to be a professional basketball player.
I've always wanted to be a professional musician.
I've always wanted to be a singer.
I've always wanted to be able to do that.
I've always wanted to be able to do this.
I've always wanted to build my own house.
I've always wanted to build one of these.
I've always wanted to climb Mt. Fuji.
I've always wanted to do it.
I've always wanted to do that.
I've always wanted to do this, but until now, I've never had the chance.
I've always wanted to do this.
I've always wanted to follow in your footsteps.
I've always wanted to get my hands on one of these.
I've always wanted to go on a cruise.
I've always wanted to go on a safari.
I've always wanted to go there.
I've always wanted to go to Africa. It's a beautiful place, full of amazing flora & fauna as well as interesting & unique people.
I've always wanted to go to Algeria.
I've always wanted to go to Australia with my family.
I've always wanted to go to Australia.
I've always wanted to go to Boston.
I've always wanted to go to Turkey.
I've always wanted to go to another country.
I've always wanted to have a pretty girl who would look out for me.
I've always wanted to jam with Tom.
I've always wanted to kiss you.
I've always wanted to know how you and I are related.
I've always wanted to know what that meant.
I've always wanted to learn Breton.
I've always wanted to learn French.
I've always wanted to learn Gaelic.
I've always wanted to learn another language.
I've always wanted to learn how to do this better.
I've always wanted to learn how to do this.
I've always wanted to learn how to knit.
I've always wanted to learn how to play chess.
I've always wanted to learn how to play the banjo.
I've always wanted to learn how to play the mandolin.
I've always wanted to learn how to ride a horse.
I've always wanted to learn how to sing classical music.
I've always wanted to learn how to skate.
I've always wanted to learn how to swim.
I've always wanted to learn to cook like you.
I've always wanted to learn to play the drums.
I've always wanted to learn to play the oboe.
I've always wanted to like this band more than I actually do.
I've always wanted to live in Australia.
I've always wanted to live in Boston.
I've always wanted to live in a French-speaking country.
I've always wanted to live in a castle.
I've always wanted to live in a mansion.
I've always wanted to live in a place like this.
I've always wanted to live in another country.
I've always wanted to live in the country.
I've always wanted to live in this neighborhood.
I've always wanted to live on a houseboat.
I've always wanted to live on an island.
I've always wanted to live the high life.
I've always wanted to make a Tatoeba clone for conlangs without ISO codes.
I've always wanted to make a difference.
I've always wanted to make my own soap.
I've always wanted to meet Tom.
I've always wanted to meet her, but I've never dared.
I've always wanted to meet her.
I've always wanted to meet him.
I've always wanted to meet them.
I've always wanted to meet you, but not, of course, under these circumstances.
I've always wanted to meet you.
I've always wanted to meet your younger brother.
I've always wanted to own a sports car.
I've always wanted to own my own business.
I've always wanted to play a church organ and pull out all the stops.
I've always wanted to play an instrument.
I've always wanted to play tennis with Tom.
I've always wanted to play the trombone.
I've always wanted to read that book.
I've always wanted to ride a horse.
I've always wanted to run a small hotel in the mountains.
I've always wanted to say that.
I've always wanted to see Australia.
I've always wanted to see Boston.
I've always wanted to see London.
I've always wanted to see Uranus.
I've always wanted to see an Esperanto convention before I die.
I've always wanted to see if I could do that.
I've always wanted to see the Milky Way.
I've always wanted to see your house.
I've always wanted to sing on stage.
I've always wanted to start my own business.
I've always wanted to study French.
I've always wanted to talk to Tom.
I've always wanted to teach French.
I've always wanted to travel and see the world, but until now I never had enough money to do so.
I've always wanted to travel around Europe.
I've always wanted to travel around the Jovian moons.
I've always wanted to travel around the world.
I've always wanted to travel through Europe.
I've always wanted to try bungee jumping.
I've always wanted to try doing that.
I've always wanted to try driving a tractor.
I've always wanted to try it.
I've always wanted to try riding a horse.
I've always wanted to try scuba diving.
I've always wanted to try snowboarding.
I've always wanted to try that.
I've always wanted to try this.
I've always wanted to try to learn French.
I've always wanted to use that spell.
I've always wanted to visit Australia.
I've always wanted to visit Boston.
I've always wanted to visit Turkey.
I've always wanted to visit another country.
I've always wanted to visit another planet.
I've always wanted to visit this beautiful city, but up to now I never have.
I've always wanted to wear a tux.
I've always wanted to work as a nightclub singer.
I've always wanted to work for an airline.
I've always wanted to work for myself.
I've always wanted to work in Boston.
I've always wanted to work in fashion.
I've always wanted to work on a farm.
I've always wanted to write a book for children.
I've always wanted to write a children's book.
I've always wanted to write a novel.
I've always wanted to write book.
I've always wanted to write children's books.
I've always wanted you to go out and make some friends.
I've always wished I had a daughter.
I've always wished Tom the best.
I've always wondered about that.
I've always wondered about this.
I've always wondered how it feels to not exist, even though it probably feels like nothing.
I've always wondered what it would be like to be rich.
I've always wondered what it would be like to kiss Tom.
I've always wondered what it would be like to kiss her.
I've always wondered what it would be like to kiss him.
I've always wondered what it would be like to live in the lap of luxury.
I've always wondered what it would be like.
I've always wondered what it'd be like to have siblings.
I've always wondered what's the difference between rock and stone.
I've always wondered why aliens got so interested in me.
I've always wondered why it is that you don't wear socks.
I've always wondered why you don't wear socks.
I've always worked alone.
I've always written home every week and I still do.
I've analyzed the data.
I've analyzed the liquid.
I've analyzed the recording.
I've answered Tom's question.
I've answered Tom's questions.
I've answered this question before.
I've answered your questions.
I've apologised, so lay off, OK?
I've apologized already.
I've apologized for doing that.
I've apologized for other people dropping things before.
I've apologized to you. What else do you want me to do?
I've apologized, so get off my back.
I've apologized, so lay off, OK?
I've apparently done something that made Tom mad.
I've applied for a job as a French teacher.
I've applied for a job as an editor.
I've applied for a new license.
I've applied for a patent on my invention.
I've applied for financial aid.
I've applied to renew my license.
I've arranged everything.
I've arranged for Tom to meet you at the airport.
I've arranged for a bit of privacy.
I've arranged for a dinner tomorrow night.
I've arranged for your arraignment in one hour.
I've arranged my schedule so we can spend more time together.
I've arranged to do that.
I've arranged transportation for us back to Boston.
I've arranged your meeting with Tom.
I've arrived at work.
I've arrived back in Japan.
I've arrived in the village.
I've arrived safely.
I've arrived yesterday.
I've arrived.
I've ascertained the identity of the victim.
I've asked Ken to help me.
I've asked Mary to marry me.
I've asked Sami several times not to do that.
I've asked Tom about that many times.
I've asked Tom about that several times.
I've asked Tom about that.
I've asked Tom for a loan.
I've asked Tom for help many times.
I've asked Tom many times not to do that.
I've asked Tom many times to stop doing that.
I've asked Tom not to bother us.
I've asked Tom not to do that again.
I've asked Tom not to do that anymore.
I've asked Tom not to do that here.
I've asked Tom not to do that.
I've asked Tom not to wait for us.
I've asked Tom several times not to do that.
I've asked Tom several times to sell me that vacant lot he owns on Park Street.
I've asked Tom stay with us until Monday.
I've asked Tom to assign you a bodyguard.
I've asked Tom to babysit for us on Monday night.
I've asked Tom to buy that for you.
I've asked Tom to come and see us.
I've asked Tom to come over for dinner.
I've asked Tom to come to Australia.
I've asked Tom to come to Boston.
I've asked Tom to do that again.
I've asked Tom to do that for Mary.
I've asked Tom to do that for me.
I've asked Tom to do that for us.
I've asked Tom to do that for you.
I've asked Tom to do that, not Mary.
I've asked Tom to do that.
I've asked Tom to go to the bus stop to meet Mary.
I've asked Tom to hang up the laundry.
I've asked Tom to help me.
I've asked Tom to help us this afternoon.
I've asked Tom to help us.
I've asked Tom to help you.
I've asked Tom to help.
I've asked Tom to introduce the speaker.
I've asked Tom to join us. I hope you don't mind.
I've asked Tom to lend me his car, but he won't.
I've asked Tom to mow our lawn.
I've asked Tom to show Mary how to do that.
I've asked Tom to show me how to do that.
I've asked Tom to show you how to do that.
I've asked Tom to sing a couple of songs.
I've asked Tom to stay here and help you with your repairs.
I've asked Tom to stay.
I've asked Tom to stop calling me so late at night.
I've asked Tom to stop doing that.
I've asked Tom to take care of my children while I'm in Boston.
I've asked Tom to take my place.
I've asked Tom to teach me how to do that.
I've asked Tom to work late.
I've asked Tom what I should do.
I've asked Tom why he was sad.
I've asked Tom.
I've asked around and everybody says that we shouldn't trust you.
I've asked everybody.
I've asked everyone I know about that, but no one could help me.
I've asked for a divorce.
I've asked for a raise. I hope I get one.
I've asked for amnesty.
I've asked for permission to do that.
I've asked for permission.
I've asked her to help us.
I've asked her to help you.
I've asked her to stay.
I've asked him three times to take out the trash and he still hasn't done it!
I've asked him to help us.
I've asked him to help you.
I've asked him to stay.
I've asked lots of people to help, but I haven't any joy yet.
I've asked many people the same question and I always get the same answer.
I've asked my lawyer that question.
I've asked myself that question a hundred times.
I've asked myself that question a million times.
I've asked myself that question a thousand times.
I've asked myself that same question many times.
I've asked myself whether skepticism is the key to greatness. But even petty people doubt.
I've asked that question many times, but no one has ever given me a satisfactory answer.
I've asked that question many times, but nobody has ever given me a satisfactory answer.
I've asked the boss for some time off.
I've asked the same question to many people.
I've asked them if they would consider a compromise.
I've asked them to help us.
I've asked them to help you.
I've asked them to stay.
I've asked you a hundred times to maintain the pool, but it's always neglected.
I've asked you here to discuss a mutual problem.
I've asked you not to do that.
I've asked you repeatedly not to do that.
I've asked you repeatedly not to sing so late at night.
I've asked you repeatedly to do that.
I've asked you several times not to do that.
I've asked you several times not to stay our so late at night.
I've asked you several times to leave.
I've asked you this question before.
I've assented to the proposal.
I've attached a PDF file of my resume.
I've attached the document that you requested.
I've attained a native speaker's fluency in English but girls don't put out for me anyway.
I've attempted suicide three times.
I've attempted suicide twice.
I've attended meetings.
I've avoided speaking to Tom.
I've avoided the hospital for a long time.
I've baked a cake for Tom.
I've baked a cake for her.
I've baked a cake for him.
I've baked a cake for them.
I've baked a cake for you.
I've barely seen it.
I've beans there for good.
I've beaten my own record.
I've become Muslim.
I've become a Muslim.
I've become a director.
I've become a new man.
I've become accustomed to that.
I've become accustomed to the heat.
I've become accustomed to the noise.
I've become accustomed to the smell.
I've become close friends with Tom.
I've become entangled in a web of lies.
I've become forgetful.
I've become friends with Jane.
I've become friends with Tom.
I've become impotent.
I've become more involved with this project over the years.
I've become more pessimistic than before.
I've become more tolerant.
I've become numb to the things that used to make me happy.
I've become pretty good at doing that.
I've become quite used to it.
I've become rather used to it.
I've become sleepy.
I've become smarter.
I've become tangled up in a web of lies.
I've become thin.
I've become thinner.
I've become used to Tom.
I've become used to her.
I've become used to him.
I've become used to speaking in public.
I've become used to them.
I've become very good at doing that.
I've become very interested in ancient art.
I've become very sleepy.
I've become your best friend.
I've been Muslim for four and a half years now.
I've been Tom's neighbor for three years.
I've been a Muslim for four years.
I've been a bad boy.
I've been a bean.
I've been a big fan of yours for a long time.
I've been a biologist for over thirty years.
I've been a bit busy lately.
I've been a carpenter for three years.
I've been a communist all my life.
I've been a disappointment to my parents.
I've been a fan a long time.
I've been a fool.
I've been a journalist for thirty years.
I've been a little busy, Tom.
I've been a little busy.
I've been a little distracted.
I've been a little dizzy this morning.
I've been a little sick lately.
I've been a little worried.
I've been a lot busier than I expected to be.
I've been a lot worse.
I've been a member of this club for a long time.
I've been a member of this organization for five years. Oh wait, no. Six.
I've been a naughty boy.
I've been a number of times.
I've been a public school teacher for the past thirteen years.
I've been a real fool.
I've been a regular of four group chats in my life, and I was admin of one of them.
I've been a ski instructor for three years.
I've been a stamp collector ever since I was a kid.
I've been a teacher a long time.
I've been a teacher for 15 years.
I've been a teacher for 30 years.
I've been a teacher for five years.
I've been a teacher for thirty years.
I've been a teacher for two years.
I've been a terrible host.
I've been a vegan for three years.
I've been a very bad boy.
I've been abandoned.
I've been able to do that for many years.
I've been able to do what I want to do.
I've been able to do what I want.
I've been able to drive for more than twenty years.
I've been able to read since I was five.
I've been able to read since I was six years old.
I've been able to travel to Algeria more than four times.
I've been abroad several times this year.
I've been abroad.
I've been absolutely miserable.
I've been absorbed in reading a mystery.
I've been absorbed in studying French.
I've been absurdly lucky.
I've been accused of being dishonest.
I've been accused of being pushy.
I've been accused of doing something I didn't do.
I've been accused of doing something that I didn't do.
I've been accused of doing that.
I've been accused of murder.
I've been acquainted with Tom for years.
I've been acquitted.
I've been acting like an idiot.
I've been adequately punished.
I've been admiring you from a distance.
I've been advised to come and see you.
I've been advised to do that.
I've been affected a lot.
I've been afraid of ghosts since I was a kid.
I've been afraid of the dark since I was a kid.
I've been afraid to tell Tom what happened.
I've been after Tom for three weeks.
I've been after Tom for weeks.
I've been after Tom to do that for weeks.
I've been after them for a long time.
I've been agonizing over whether to do what Tom suggested or do what Mary suggested.
I've been all around the world.
I've been all over Europe.
I've been all over the place.
I've been all over the world.
I've been all over town looking for Tom.
I've been all over.
I've been alone all my life.
I've been alone for a long time.
I've been alone on this island for three years.
I've been alone so long.
I've been alone.
I've been an alderman for five years.
I've been an athlete my whole life.
I've been an idiot.
I've been angry with Tom.
I've been angry with many people.
I've been angry.
I've been anticipating his arrival.
I've been anticipating your invitation very much. Please let me know where the party might be and I will be sure to be on time.
I've been anxious about my son's safety.
I've been anxious to meet you.
I've been appointed to help you.
I've been approached by a Bible study group at my university twice this week to get me to join them.
I've been around a long time.
I've been around a lot longer.
I've been around a while.
I've been around doctors all my life.
I've been around for a while.
I've been around the block.
I've been around.
I've been arrested before.
I've been arrested several times.
I've been arrested three times since I moved to Boston.
I've been arrested three times.
I've been arrested.
I've been as busy as a bee all week.
I've been as busy as a bee for the past two months.
I've been asked about this.
I've been asked not do that again.
I've been asked not do that anymore.
I've been asked not to do that again.
I've been asked not to do that anymore.
I've been asked not to do that.
I've been asked not to do this again.
I've been asked not to help Tom and Mary do that.
I've been asked not to help Tom anymore.
I've been asked not to help Tom do that.
I've been asked not to help you do that.
I've been asked not to leave.
I've been asked not to tell Tom anything.
I've been asked not to tell you anything about that.
I've been asked questions about Tom.
I've been asked to become the manager.
I've been asked to come down and identify the body.
I've been asked to comment on that.
I've been asked to do something I don't want to do.
I've been asked to do something that I don't want to do.
I've been asked to do that again.
I've been asked to do that before I go home today.
I've been asked to do that before I go home.
I've been asked to do that.
I've been asked to forward this message to you.
I've been asked to give a speech about astronomy.
I've been asked to give a speech.
I've been asked to give the eulogy at my grandmother's funeral.
I've been asked to give this to you.
I've been asked to give you a message.
I've been asked to help Tom write a speech.
I've been asked to help Tom.
I've been asked to help out.
I've been asked to help you.
I've been asked to help.
I've been asked to investigate.
I've been asked to leave.
I've been asked to never do that again.
I've been asked to not do that again.
I've been asked to play my clarinet at a charity event.
I've been asked to quit the company.
I've been asked to show you how to do that.
I've been asked to sing a couple of songs.
I've been asked to sing a song.
I've been asked to sing tonight.
I've been asked to stay.
I've been asked to teach Tom French.
I've been asked to teach you everything I know.
I've been asked to tell you something.
I've been asking myself that same question.
I've been asking myself the same question.
I've been asking myself the same thing.
I've been asking questions.
I've been asking you for weeks to fix the tap.
I've been asleep.
I've been assigned to do that.
I've been assigned to work with you.
I've been at home all day.
I've been at home.
I've been at the station.
I've been at this for hours.
I've been attacked.
I've been attracted to rabbits ever since.
I've been awake all night thinking about what had happened.
I've been awake all night.
I've been awake for a while.
I've been awake for over thirty hours.
I've been awake for three hours already.
I've been awake nearly all the night.
I've been awake since 6:30.
I've been away a few weeks.
I've been away a long time.
I've been away far too long.
I've been away for a long time.
I've been away for several weeks.
I've been away from home for a long time.
I've been away from home for years.
I've been away too long already.
I've been away too long.
I've been away.
I've been babysitting since I was thirteen.
I've been back for a week, but I'm still suffering from jet lag.
I've been back home for a week, but I'm still suffering from jet lag.
I've been badly bitten by mosquitoes.
I've been banging my head over the concept for years.
I've been banished!
I've been banished.
I've been banned from the art room.
I've been beaten twice.
I've been beaten up.
I've been beaten.
I've been beavering away studying for entrance exams.
I've been bending over backwards.
I've been betrayed without knowing it.
I've been betrayed.
I've been better and been worse.
I've been better.
I've been bit by a snake.
I've been bitten a few times.
I've been bitten by a snake.
I've been bitten by dogs several times.
I've been bitten by mosquitos all over my arm.
I've been bitten by my own dog several times.
I've been bitten by something.
I've been bitten.
I've been blacklisted.
I've been blessed with luck at every turn.
I've been blessed.
I've been bored the last few days.
I've been boxing since I was thirteen.
I've been briefed.
I've been burgled three times this month.
I've been burnt out for a while now.
I've been busier than Tom.
I've been busting my hump for thirty years.
I've been busy all day.
I've been busy all evening.
I've been busy all morning.
I've been busy all this week.
I've been busy all week.
I've been busy doing other things.
I've been busy for three days.
I've been busy getting ready for the party.
I've been busy lately.
I've been busy repairing things.
I've been busy since last Monday.
I've been busy since yesterday.
I've been busy this week.
I've been busy today.
I've been busy writing a short story.
I've been busy.
I've been called a lot of things, but never handsome.
I've been called a pig before.
I've been called a pig by many people.
I've been called for jury duty.
I've been called worse things by better people.
I've been called worse.
I've been calling Mary all morning, but I can't get a hold of her.
I've been calling Tom all morning, but I can't get a hold of him.
I've been calling Tom and Mary all morning, but I can't get a hold of them.
I've been calling Tom every evening.
I've been calling all day.
I've been calling for hours.
I've been calling you all night.
I've been calling you for hours.
I've been camping here for three weeks.
I've been captured.
I've been careful my whole life.
I've been careless.
I've been caught doing that before.
I've been charged with a serious crime.
I've been charged with attempted murder.
I've been cheated again.
I've been cheated before.
I've been chosen to take part in this programme.
I've been chosen.
I've been circumcised.
I've been cleaning my room all morning.
I've been cleaning the house all day.
I've been cleaning the living room.
I've been cleared of all charges.
I've been coaching for thirty years.
I've been coaching three years.
I've been cold all day.
I've been coming to Australia every summer for the past thirty years.
I've been coming to Boston every summer for the past thirty years.
I've been coming to work one train earlier lately.
I've been complaining about that, but nothing has changed.
I've been complaining about this problem for a long time.
I've been concentrating on my work.
I've been concerned about Tom.
I've been concerned about her.
I've been concerned about him recently.
I've been concerned about him.
I've been concerned about that.
I've been concerned about them.
I've been concerned about you.
I've been concerned that it might affect our relationship.
I've been condemned since birth.
I've been considering buying one of those.
I've been considering doing that.
I've been considering making a substantial donation to the museum for some time.
I've been considering your proposal.
I've been considering your proposition.
I've been convicted.
I've been cooking all afternoon.
I've been cooperative.
I've been coughing all day.
I've been coughing all morning.
I've been coughing nonstop since morning.
I've been coughing nonstop since this morning.
I've been coughing since this morning.
I've been coughing since yesterday.
I've been craving frozen yogurt.
I've been craving meat.
I've been craving your lips.
I've been crying a lot lately.
I've been crying all day like an idiot just for you.
I've been crying all morning.
I've been crying like a baby.
I've been crying.
I've been dating Tom.
I've been dead before, and it wasn't too bad.
I've been dealing with depression since my son passed.
I've been dealing with major back pain.
I've been dealing with this for a long time.
I've been dealing with this for months.
I've been dealing with this issue for over an hour.
I've been debating whether I should mention it or not.
I've been deceived by someone who I thought was my best friend.
I've been deceived.
I've been declared a suppressive person.
I've been dedicating my whole life to language learning, roughly speaking.
I've been defeated in battle.
I've been defeated.
I've been delayed for a few hours.
I've been demanding that for a long time.
I've been demoted.
I've been depressed.
I've been described by others as introverted as well as extroverted.
I've been detained.
I've been diagnosed as schizophrenic.
I've been diagnosed with schizophrenia.
I've been diagnosed with stage 4 senioritis.
I've been disappointed many times.
I've been disappointed too many times.
I've been discharged.
I've been disinherited.
I've been disloyal.
I've been dismissed.
I've been disqualified.
I've been divorced for three years.
I've been divorced three months.
I've been divorced three times.
I've been doing a little research.
I've been doing a lot of thinking about what you said.
I've been doing a lot of thinking.
I've been doing a lot of work.
I've been doing better at that lately.
I've been doing everything I can to make that happen.
I've been doing great.
I've been doing it a long time.
I've been doing it all my life.
I've been doing it all wrong.
I've been doing it for years.
I've been doing it since forever now.
I've been doing it the hard way.
I've been doing it this way for as long as I can remember.
I've been doing it this way since I was a child.
I've been doing just fine.
I've been doing relatively well for years now.
I've been doing research over the last few days about how I might make money from the project, but I think all my options will require a severe shift in the way I live, which is a tricky thing.
I've been doing some calculations of my own.
I've been doing some calculations.
I've been doing some checking.
I've been doing some gardening lately.
I've been doing some gardening recently.
I've been doing some gardening.
I've been doing some research.
I've been doing some spring cleaning.
I've been doing some thinking.
I've been doing swimming since I was five years old.
I've been doing that a long time.
I've been doing that a lot lately.
I've been doing that a lot recently.
I've been doing that a lot.
I've been doing that all day.
I've been doing that all morning.
I've been doing that all my life.
I've been doing that all week.
I've been doing that all year.
I've been doing that every night.
I've been doing that for Tom for quite a few years.
I've been doing that for a few years.
I've been doing that for a long time.
I've been doing that for a really long time.
I've been doing that for a very long time.
I've been doing that for a while.
I've been doing that for about a week.
I've been doing that for about three weeks.
I've been doing that for about three years.
I've been doing that for almost three years.
I've been doing that for many years.
I've been doing that for more than thirty years.
I've been doing that for over thirty years.
I've been doing that for quite a few of years.
I've been doing that for several years.
I've been doing that for the last three years.
I've been doing that for three and a half years.
I've been doing that for three years now.
I've been doing that for three years.
I've been doing that for years.
I've been doing that forever.
I've been doing that my entire life.
I've been doing that my whole life.
I've been doing that quite a bit recently.
I've been doing that since 2013.
I've been doing that since I was a child.
I've been doing that since I was a kid.
I've been doing that since October.
I've been doing that since about 2:30.
I've been doing that too long.
I've been doing that.
I've been doing this 30 years.
I've been doing this a long time.
I've been doing this all day.
I've been doing this all morning.
I've been doing this all my life.
I've been doing this alone.
I've been doing this for a long time.
I've been doing this for a very long time.
I've been doing this for a while.
I've been doing this for hours.
I've been doing this for months.
I've been doing this for over three years now.
I've been doing this for the past three hours.
I've been doing this for the past three years.
I've been doing this for thirty years.
I've been doing this for three hours.
I've been doing this for three months.
I've been doing this for three years.
I've been doing this for two years.
I've been doing this for years.
I've been doing this kind of thing for years.
I've been doing this longer than you.
I've been doing this my whole life.
I've been doing this since I was a kid.
I've been doing this since this morning.
I've been doing this the wrong way.
I've been doing this wrong.
I've been doing well for years.
I've been doing what we came for.
I've been down that road before.
I've been down that road.
I've been down this road before.
I've been down with a cold.
I've been down with a headache.
I've been dreading this moment for a long time.
I've been dreaming a lot lately.
I've been dreaming about Tom.
I've been dreaming about this.
I've been dreaming of this trip for a long time.
I've been dreaming.
I've been drinking a lot lately.
I've been drinking a lot more coffee recently than I usually do.
I've been drinking a lot of coffee lately.
I've been drinking a lot of coffee.
I've been drinking again.
I've been drinking all day.
I've been drinking plenty of water lately.
I've been drinking quite a bit.
I've been drinking since 2:30.
I've been drinking too much coffee lately.
I've been drinking too much coffee recently.
I've been drinking too much coffee.
I've been drinking, so I can't drive you home.
I've been drinking.
I've been driving all night.
I've been driving for three hours.
I've been driving since 1996.
I've been driving this car for three years.
I've been drugged.
I've been drunk before and likely will get drunk many more times.
I've been drunk before, and I dare say I'll be drunk many times more.
I've been dyeing my hair for the last three years.
I've been dyeing my hair.
I've been dying to get this story off my chest.
I've been dying to meet him.
I've been dying to meet you.
I've been dying to see Tom.
I've been dying to see her.
I've been dying to see him.
I've been dying to see you.
I've been eating a lot of beans recently.
I've been eating a lot of junk food lately.
I've been eating a lot of mushrooms lately.
I've been eating like this all my life.
I've been eating pasta every day lately.
I've been eating protein.
I've been eating the same apple for an hour.
I've been eating the stew that we made a few days ago.
I've been eating things that my doctor told me I shouldn't.
I've been eating this apple for an hour.
I've been eating your Halloween candy.
I've been eating.
I've been elected.
I've been engaged twice.
I've been enjoying it.
I've been enjoying life.
I've been everywhere in Europe.
I've been everywhere.
I've been evicted.
I've been excused from doing that.
I've been exiled.
I've been expecting Tom.
I've been expecting a visit from Tom.
I've been expecting good news from them.
I've been expecting her.
I've been expecting him.
I've been expecting something like that.
I've been expecting something like this to happen for a long time.
I've been expecting something like this to happen for some time.
I've been expecting them.
I've been expecting this to happen.
I've been expecting this.
I've been expecting trouble ever since Tom showed up.
I've been expecting you to show up.
I've been expecting you.
I've been expecting your call.
I've been expelled from school.
I've been experiencing depression and dissociation.
I've been experimenting with that.
I've been extremely busy lately.
I've been extremely busy.
I've been extremely depressed lately.
I've been fairly busy.
I've been fairly lucky.
I've been faithful to you since we met.
I've been faithful to you.
I've been familiarizing myself with the process.
I've been fantasizing about your body for a long time.
I've been feeling a little restless.
I've been feeling a little tense lately.
I've been feeling bad for a week.
I've been feeling depressed recently.
I've been feeling depressed.
I've been feeling good.
I've been feeling great.
I've been feeling poorly for the last couple of days.
I've been feeling pretty rotten about this.
I've been feeling pretty unwell lately.
I've been feeling really productive today.
I've been feeling sick for the last three days.
I've been feeling sick for the last two days.
I've been feeling sick for the past few days.
I've been feeling sick.
I've been feeling stressed lately.
I've been feeling stressed.
I've been feeling the same way.
I've been feeling this way all day.
I've been feeling tired lately, even after a full night's sleep.
I've been feeling tired lately.
I've been feeling tired.
I've been feeling very lonely recently.
I've been feeling very lonely.
I've been feeling weak.
I've been fighting with Tom about that all week.
I've been fired.
I've been flying commercial jets for 13 years.
I've been focusing on that.
I've been following Algeria now for close to four years.
I've been following Tom.
I've been following you.
I've been following your work.
I've been fooled before.
I've been fooled many times.
I've been fooled three times already.
I've been foolish.
I've been forgetful lately.
I've been forgetting things lately.
I've been forgiven for doing that.
I've been forgiven.
I've been fortunate.
I've been found guilty.
I've been frank.
I've been friends with Tom for many years.
I've been friends with Tom since we were children.
I've been friends with him since we were children.
I've been fully briefed.
I've been getting a little sunburned, too.
I've been getting a lot of compliments.
I've been getting a lot of wrong number calls lately. Any idea why?
I've been getting death threats.
I've been getting frustrated lately.
I've been getting headaches.
I've been getting into retrofuturism.
I've been getting ready for this exam for three months.
I've been getting some pretty weird emails for some time now.
I've been getting to know Tom.
I've been getting to know her.
I've been getting to know him.
I've been getting to know them.
I've been given a death sentence.
I've been given a second chance.
I've been given a three-year sentence.
I've been given another chance.
I've been given assurances.
I've been given great opportunities.
I've been given permission to do that.
I've been given permission to do this.
I've been given permission to inspect this equipment.
I've been given several jobs to do.
I've been given several tasks to do.
I've been given several things to do.
I've been given the ok to go.
I've been given until tomorrow to finish this.
I've been giving Tom gifts.
I've been giving that a lot of thought.
I've been giving that some thought.
I've been giving this a lot of thought.
I've been giving your request some thought.
I've been going home early this month.
I've been going out with Mary for months.
I've been going out with her for months.
I've been going over Tom's chart.
I've been going over Tom's file.
I've been going over Tom's notes.
I've been going over the budget.
I've been going over the inventory.
I've been going over your books.
I've been going steady with her for three years.
I've been going through Tom's notebooks.
I've been going through Tom's notes.
I've been going to Australia every summer since I was thirteen years old.
I've been going to Australia every summer since I was thirteen.
I've been going to Boston every summer since I was thirteen.
I've been going to sleep around midnight lately.
I've been going to the gym for six months now but I must be doing something wrong because I still don't see any improvement.
I've been gone a long time.
I've been gone for a few weeks.
I've been gone for a long time.
I've been gone three and a half years.
I've been gone three weeks.
I've been gone too long.
I've been good this year, haven't I?
I've been good to you this morning.
I've been good.
I've been googling myself once or twice a month.
I've been great.
I've been grounded because my mum is angry with me.
I've been grounded until October 20th.
I've been grounded.
I've been growing out my mustache for 3 months now.
I've been hacked!
I've been hanging out with Tom.
I've been hanging out with her.
I've been hanging out with him.
I've been hanging out with them.
I've been happy here.
I've been harassed before.
I've been hard on Tom.
I've been having a bad back for a few days now, and that fixed it right up.
I've been having a blast.
I've been having a hard time doing that.
I've been having a hard time staying awake during history classes.
I've been having a lot more fun here in Boston than I expected to be having.
I've been having a lot more fun here in Boston than I expected to.
I've been having a lot more fun here in Boston than I expected.
I've been having a lot of back pain.
I've been having a lot of fun here in Australia.
I've been having a lot of fun here in Boston.
I've been having a lot of fun.
I've been having a lot of negative thoughts lately.
I've been having a rough time.
I've been having a terrible headache since last night, I feel horrible, it's the worst feeling.
I've been having a wonderful time in Boston.
I've been having bad headaches recently.
I've been having difficulty breathing.
I've been having difficulty sleeping.
I've been having dreams lately.
I've been having fun ever since.
I've been having fun hanging out with you.
I've been having fun.
I've been having headaches.
I've been having liver problems for a long time.
I've been having lots of fun here in Australia.
I've been having lots of fun here in Boston.
I've been having nightmares.
I've been having problems with my email as of late.
I've been having second thoughts about your plan.
I've been having some bad luck.
I've been having some car trouble.
I've been having some problems.
I've been having strange dreams lately.
I've been having strange dreams.
I've been having terrible headaches.
I've been having trouble breathing.
I've been having trouble doing that.
I've been having trouble getting to sleep.
I've been having trouble sleeping lately.
I've been having trouble sleeping.
I've been having trouble waking up.
I've been having trouble with that lately.
I've been having tuna and mayo onigiri recently.
I've been hearing good things about you.
I've been hearing gunfire in the distance.
I've been hearing that for a long time.
I've been helping Tom all morning.
I've been helping Tom for months.
I've been helping Tom out.
I've been helping Tom study for the GRE.
I've been helping Tom.
I've been helping her out.
I've been helping her study for the GRE.
I've been helping her.
I've been helping him out.
I've been helping him study for the GRE.
I've been helping him.
I've been helping my father on the farm ever since I was a kid.
I've been helping them out.
I've been helping them study for the GRE.
I've been helping them.
I've been here a couple hours.
I've been here a couple months.
I've been here a long time.
I've been here a lot longer than Tom and Mary have.
I've been here a lot longer than Tom has.
I've been here a lot longer than Tom.
I've been here a lot longer than you have.
I've been here a lot longer than you.
I've been here a month now.
I've been here a number of times.
I've been here a while.
I've been here all afternoon.
I've been here all day.
I've been here all night.
I've been here all week.
I've been here almost three hours.
I've been here almost three years now.
I've been here an hour.
I've been here before.
I've been here every day for the past three weeks.
I've been here for a couple hours.
I've been here for a couple months.
I've been here for a few months but I only have a little bit of spare time nowadays.
I've been here for a few weeks.
I've been here for a long time.
I've been here for a very long time.
I've been here for a week.
I've been here for a while now.
I've been here for a while.
I've been here for a year.
I've been here for about three weeks.
I've been here for about three years.
I've been here for almost three hours.
I've been here for almost three years.
I've been here for an hour.
I've been here for five days.
I've been here for hours.
I've been here for just over three hours.
I've been here for many years.
I've been here for months.
I've been here for most of my life.
I've been here for one week.
I've been here for over an hour.
I've been here for over three hours.
I've been here for quite a while.
I've been here for the past 2 hours.
I've been here for thirty minutes.
I've been here for three days already.
I've been here for three days.
I've been here for three hours.
I've been here for three months.
I've been here for three weeks now.
I've been here for three weeks.
I've been here for three years.
I've been here for twenty minutes.
I've been here just over three hours.
I've been here less than a month.
I've been here long enough.
I've been here longer than Tom has.
I've been here longer than Tom.
I've been here longer than you.
I've been here many times before.
I've been here many times.
I've been here my whole life.
I've been here nearly three months now.
I've been here over a year.
I've been here over an hour.
I've been here quite a while.
I've been here several times this year.
I've been here since 2003.
I've been here since 2013.
I've been here since 2:30.
I've been here since July.
I've been here since Monday.
I've been here since October 20th.
I've been here since October.
I've been here since Saturday.
I've been here since five.
I've been here since last Monday.
I've been here since the crack of dawn.
I've been here since this morning.
I've been here since yesterday morning.
I've been here since yesterday.
I've been here the longest.
I've been here thirteen days, possibly more.
I've been here thirty minutes.
I've been here three days.
I've been here three months, and so far I've enjoyed it.
I've been here three times this week.
I've been here three years.
I've been here too long.
I've been here twice before.
I've been here twice now.
I've been here waiting for you all morning.
I've been here waiting for you.
I've been here way too long.
I've been here.
I've been hiccuping all morning.
I've been hiccupping all afternoon.
I've been hiding behind the barn.
I've been hiding out here.
I've been hired to find Tom.
I've been hired to find her.
I've been hired to find him.
I've been hired to find them.
I've been hired to take care of the problem.
I've been hit by a car.
I've been hit by the sun.
I've been hit.
I've been home all day.
I've been honest with Tom.
I've been honest with you.
I've been hoping someone would drop by.
I've been hoping to do that.
I've been hoping to hear from you.
I've been hoping to meet you.
I've been hoping to run into you.
I've been hoping you would drop in.
I've been hoping you'd come.
I've been humming that tune to myself all morning.
I've been hungry all day.
I've been hungry since this morning.
I've been hunting with Tom.
I've been hunting with her.
I've been hunting with him.
I've been hunting with them.
I've been hurt.
I've been ignored for too long.
I've been ill all day. I can't eat a thing.
I've been ill all day. I can't eat anything.
I've been ill.
I've been impressed with Tom's work.
I've been imprisoned.
I've been in Algeria since 2004.
I've been in Australia a lot longer than Tom has.
I've been in Australia a lot longer than you have.
I've been in Australia before.
I've been in Australia for a few months.
I've been in Australia for a long time.
I've been in Australia for a while.
I've been in Australia for almost a year.
I've been in Australia for less than a month.
I've been in Australia for over a year.
I've been in Australia for quite a while.
I've been in Australia for three months.
I've been in Australia for three weeks.
I've been in Australia for three years now.
I've been in Australia for three years.
I've been in Australia quite a while.
I've been in Australia several years.
I've been in Australia since 2013.
I've been in Australia since Monday.
I've been in Australia since October.
I've been in Australia three years now.
I've been in Australia too long.
I've been in Australia way longer than Tom has.
I've been in Australia way longer than you have.
I've been in Australia way too long.
I've been in Australia.
I've been in Bosnian refugee camps.
I've been in Boston about three years.
I've been in Boston before.
I've been in Boston for a few months.
I've been in Boston for a while.
I've been in Boston for about three years.
I've been in Boston for less than a month.
I've been in Boston for many years.
I've been in Boston for over a year.
I've been in Boston for quite a while.
I've been in Boston for three months now.
I've been in Boston for three months.
I've been in Boston for three weeks.
I've been in Boston for three years now.
I've been in Boston for three years.
I've been in Boston once.
I've been in Boston quite a while.
I've been in Boston since 2013.
I've been in Boston since Monday morning.
I've been in Boston since October.
I've been in Boston three months now.
I've been in Boston too long.
I've been in Boston way longer than you have.
I've been in Boston way too long.
I've been in Boston.
I've been in China for less than a month.
I've been in Japan for three years.
I've been in New York once.
I've been in Sapporo before.
I've been in a similar situation.
I've been in and out of the hospital for the past few years.
I've been in bad shape these days.
I've been in business thirty years.
I've been in constant contact with Tom.
I've been in constant goblin mode ever since I was laid off.
I've been in contact with Tom.
I've been in contact with her.
I've been in contact with him.
I've been in contact with them.
I've been in court all day.
I've been in dangerous situations before.
I've been in jail.
I've been in line all afternoon.
I've been in line for a while.
I've been in line for half an hour.
I've been in line for two hours, and no one's helped me yet.
I've been in love before.
I've been in love once.
I've been in love with Tom since I was thirteen.
I've been in love with him since we met this autumn.
I've been in love with you for a long time.
I've been in love with you since kindergarten.
I've been in love with you since my childhood.
I've been in love with you since the first time I met you.
I've been in love with you since we were kids.
I've been in prison for three years.
I've been in prison more than once.
I've been in prison.
I've been in quarantine up to today.
I've been in that city three times.
I've been in that line of work for five years.
I've been in the army for three years.
I've been in the dark.
I've been in the hospital for a week.
I've been in the hospital for the past three months.
I've been in the hospital once.
I've been in the red ever since the euro was introduced.
I've been in therapy for as long as I had been alive when I started therapy.
I've been in therapy since I was thirteen.
I've been in this business a long time.
I've been in this church before.
I've been in this place too long.
I've been in this queue for more than two hours.
I've been in this situation before.
I've been in this situation many times.
I've been in tighter jams than this before.
I've been in touch with Tom.
I've been in trouble before.
I've been in worse jams than this before.
I've been infected.
I've been informed about that.
I've been injured before.
I've been injured.
I've been inspired to learn sign language.
I've been instructed to take you to the airport.
I've been insulted.
I've been interested in art ever since I was just a kid.
I've been interested in rabbits ever since.
I've been invited on a trip abroad, but I don't want to go.
I've been invited over to a friend's.
I've been invited there, too.
I've been invited to Boston.
I've been invited to Tom's wedding, but Mary hasn't.
I've been invited to a Halloween party.
I've been invited to a costume party.
I've been invited to a masquerade party.
I've been invited to a party tomorrow.
I've been invited to a party tonight.
I've been invited to a party.
I've been invited to dinner this evening.
I've been invited to speak in front of esteemed groups such as yourselves.
I've been invited to stay for dinner.
I've been invited to the opening ceremony.
I've been involved in a filthy trade.
I've been involved with Esperanto since 2012.
I've been ironing this shirt for two hours; getting rid of this crease is impossible!
I've been job hunting!
I've been keeping a diary for three years, but I'm thinking it's probably time for me to stop.
I've been keeping a diary for three years.
I've been keeping a diary in English for the last few years.
I've been keeping a diary in French for a number of years.
I've been keeping a diary in French for several years.
I've been keeping a diary in French for the last three years.
I've been keeping a diary in French since last October.
I've been keeping a diary in Japanese for a few years now.
I've been keeping a diary in Japanese since last year.
I've been keeping a secret from you.
I've been keeping an eye on you.
I've been keeping busy.
I've been keeping my grandmother company.
I've been keeping pretty busy.
I've been keeping something for you.
I've been keeping something from Tom.
I've been keeping something from you.
I've been keeping that a secret.
I've been kicked out of school.
I've been kidding myself.
I've been kidnapped before.
I've been kidnapped.
I've been kind of busy.
I've been known to do that.
I've been known to tell a joke or two.
I've been laid off.
I've been laid up with flu for the last week.
I've been late for school many more times than Tom has.
I've been laughing at that for over an hour now.
I've been learning English for four years.
I've been learning English for six years.
I've been learning English on my way for four years.
I've been learning Esperanto for two months.
I've been learning Esperanto since six months ago, but I can understand it more than I can speak it.
I've been learning Finnish for over ten years, and I still have trouble understanding it.
I've been learning French for three years, and I still haven't even memorized the days of the week.
I've been learning French for two years.
I've been learning French since I was a child.
I've been learning German for two months.
I've been learning German for two years already.
I've been learning Toki Pona for a long time.
I've been learning Turkish for a year and a half.
I've been learning a lot about them lately.
I've been learning a lot since I came here.
I've been learning how to cook Chinese food.
I've been learning how to do that.
I've been learning how to swim.
I've been learning how to write kanji with a brush.
I've been learning to drive.
I've been left with no choice.
I've been lied to before.
I've been lied to by Tom for the last time.
I've been lied to so many times.
I've been lied to.
I've been listening the whole time.
I've been listening to Kylie Minogue since June 12, 1998.
I've been listening to a lot of pop music lately.
I've been listening to a song by Ryksopp all day.
I've been listening to classical music all day.
I've been listening to jazz all day.
I've been listening to jazz all morning.
I've been listening to the Beatles all morning.
I've been listening to the radio all day.
I've been listening to this rickroll forever. I mean, it's a totally awesome song. Why not?
I've been listening to this song non-stop since this morning.
I've been listening to this song on repeat since this morning.
I've been listening to you for two hours, and I still don't get what you mean.
I've been listening to you.
I've been listening.
I've been living a double life.
I've been living alone.
I've been living for too long.
I've been living here for a long time.
I've been living here for five years.
I've been living here for many years.
I've been living here for the past ten years.
I've been living here for these ten years.
I've been living here for three years.
I've been living here for years.
I've been living here my whole life.
I've been living here since 2013.
I've been living here since October.
I've been living here since before you were born.
I've been living in Algeria for exactly one month.
I've been living in Australia a long time.
I've been living in Australia for a little over three years.
I've been living in Australia for a long time.
I've been living in Australia for about three years.
I've been living in Australia for almost three years.
I've been living in Australia for nearly three years.
I've been living in Australia for the past three years.
I've been living in Australia for three years.
I've been living in Australia since I was thirteen years old.
I've been living in Australia since I was thirteen.
I've been living in Australia since last spring.
I've been living in Australia too long.
I've been living in Boston a long time.
I've been living in Boston for a little over three years.
I've been living in Boston for a long time.
I've been living in Boston for about three years.
I've been living in Boston for almost three years.
I've been living in Boston for nearly three years.
I've been living in Boston for the past three years.
I've been living in Boston for three years.
I've been living in Boston since I was thirteen.
I've been living in Boston since last spring.
I've been living in Boston too long.
I've been living in Canada for five years.
I've been living in Canada for nearly five years.
I've been living in China for several months but I'm returning stateside next week.
I've been living in Kassel for two years and still haven't been to Herkules.
I've been living in Milan for ten years.
I've been living in Realengo for twenty years.
I've been living in San Francisco for some time now.
I've been living in San Salvador for six years.
I've been living in a cave.
I've been living in a small log cabin.
I've been living in this dorm for three and a half years.
I've been living in this dormitory for three and a half years.
I've been living in this house for about five years.
I've been living in this house for about thirty years.
I've been living in this house for almost thirty years.
I've been living in this house for over 25 years.
I've been living in this house for over thirty years.
I've been living in this house for thirty years.
I've been living in this house since last month.
I've been living like a monk.
I've been living on potato chips for more than three years.
I've been living on this street for two years.
I've been living with HIV since 2013.
I've been living with my parents for a long time.
I've been living with my uncle for a month.
I've been locked up too long.
I've been lonely for a long time.
I've been lonely, too.
I've been lonely.
I've been looking all over for Tom.
I've been looking all over for my shoes.
I've been looking all over for you.
I've been looking at the information you sent.
I've been looking at this a heck of a lot over years.
I've been looking at you for a while.
I've been looking everywhere.
I've been looking for Tom.
I've been looking for a better place to live.
I've been looking for a girl like you.
I've been looking for a job a long time.
I've been looking for a job for a long time.
I've been looking for a job in Boston.
I've been looking for a job, but nobody's hiring.
I've been looking for a new job for a long time.
I've been looking for a nice satin scarf like that for aeons.
I've been looking for a place to live.
I've been looking for a way to do that.
I've been looking for a woman like you.
I've been looking for alternatives.
I've been looking for her.
I've been looking for him.
I've been looking for it all morning.
I've been looking for it everywhere.
I've been looking for lemon juice all day.
I've been looking for love for so long.
I've been looking for my keys all day.
I've been looking for my tripod.
I've been looking for one of these for a long time.
I've been looking for someone to babysit my children.
I've been looking for something.
I've been looking for that all day.
I've been looking for that.
I've been looking for the answer to that question my whole life.
I've been looking for them for more than an hour.
I've been looking for them for more than one hour.
I've been looking for them.
I've been looking for this book.
I've been looking for this for a long time.
I've been looking for this.
I've been looking for you all day, but I couldn't find you anywhere.
I've been looking for you all day.
I've been looking for you all morning.
I've been looking for you all my life.
I've been looking for you all over.
I've been looking for you everywhere.
I've been looking for you.
I've been looking forward to a quiet weekend.
I've been looking forward to doing this for a long time.
I've been looking forward to hearing from you for weeks.
I've been looking forward to him coming.
I've been looking forward to it!
I've been looking forward to it.
I've been looking forward to meeting you again.
I've been looking forward to meeting you for a long time.
I've been looking forward to meeting you, Tom.
I've been looking forward to meeting you.
I've been looking forward to playing music with you.
I've been looking forward to that.
I've been looking forward to this all week.
I've been looking forward to this day.
I've been looking forward to this for a long time!
I've been looking forward to this for a long time.
I've been looking forward to this party.
I've been looking forward to this.
I've been looking forward to visiting Australia.
I've been looking forward to visiting Boston.
I've been looking forward to your arrival.
I've been looking in all the wrong places.
I've been looking into the problem.
I've been looping this song for hours.
I've been lopping trees all afternoon and shredding them into mulch for the garden.
I've been luckier than most people.
I've been lucky so far.
I've been lucky to follow my own path without regrets.
I've been lucky until now.
I've been lucky, I think.
I've been lucky.
I've been lurking all night, waiting for you to come out of your bedroom.
I've been lying about everything.
I've been lying the whole time.
I've been lying to Tom.
I've been lying to you the whole time.
I've been lying to you.
I've been making a few observations.
I've been making decisions all day.
I've been making great progress in not looking at myself that way.
I've been making too many mistakes.
I've been married before.
I've been married for four years.
I've been married for more than thirty years.
I've been married for thirty years.
I've been married for three years.
I've been married for twelve years but I've never fully enjoyed sex with my husband.
I've been married more than thirty years.
I've been married three times.
I've been married to Mary for four years.
I've been married to Tom for three years.
I've been married to my husband for twenty years.
I've been married too long.
I've been married twice.
I've been married.
I've been meaning to ask you about that.
I've been meaning to ask you something.
I've been meaning to do something about that.
I've been meaning to drop by and see you, but I've been rather busy this week.
I've been meaning to fix that leak.
I've been meaning to get in touch.
I've been meaning to go to Boston, but things keep coming up.
I've been meaning to have a talk with you.
I've been meaning to read Kant's Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals.
I've been meaning to read this book.
I've been meaning to speak with you.
I've been meaning to talk to Tom about that.
I've been meaning to talk to you about something.
I've been meaning to talk to you about that.
I've been meaning to talk to you about what needs to be done.
I've been meaning to tell you.
I've been meditating on what you said last week.
I've been mentally preparing myself for this for a long time.
I've been misquoted.
I've been missing you.
I've been misunderstood all my life.
I've been misunderstood.
I've been much busier than I expected to be.
I've been much happier since then.
I've been mugged before.
I've been mugged three times since I moved to Boston.
I've been mugged.
I've been mulling over this problem for days.
I've been nosing around the office trying to find out the news.
I've been nothing but polite this whole time, and this is how you treat me?
I've been notified.
I've been obsessed with baumkuchen lately.
I've been offered a job in Australia.
I've been offered a job in Boston.
I've been offered a promotion.
I've been offered another job.
I've been on TV several times.
I've been on a diet for four months, but my midriff bulge hasn't budged.
I've been on a diet for more than a year.
I've been on a diet for over three months.
I've been on a diet for three weeks.
I've been on a diet for two weeks, and all I've lost is a fortnight.
I've been on a diet for two weeks.
I've been on a strict diet.
I've been on close terms with her since childhood.
I've been on edge all day.
I've been on edge recently.
I've been on hold for more than a half hour.
I've been on hold for ten minutes.
I've been on my feet all day, so I just need to sit down for a while.
I've been on my feet for three days.
I've been on my own since I was thirteen.
I've been on my own these past few months.
I've been on sick leave.
I've been on the city council for five years.
I've been on the computer all day, and my shoulders are really stiff.
I've been on the go all this week.
I've been on the phone all afternoon.
I've been on the police force for three years.
I've been on the road since 2:30 this morning.
I've been on vacation.
I've been only once to Kabylie.
I've been ordered not to do that.
I've been ordered to do that.
I've been ordered to do this.
I've been ordered to kill you.
I've been ordered to take charge.
I've been out in the cold for a while.
I've been out in the sun all day.
I've been out looking for Tom.
I've been out looking for her.
I've been out looking for him.
I've been out looking for them.
I've been out of a job since October.
I've been out of college for ten years now.
I've been out of job for three months.
I've been out of the loop for a while. Can you bring me up to speed?
I've been out of the office for the past three days.
I've been out of touch with things for several months now.
I've been out of town all week.
I've been out of town.
I've been out of work for a long time.
I've been out of work for a year.
I've been out of work for almost three months.
I've been out of work for four months.
I've been out of work for three months.
I've been out running around all day.
I've been outmaneuvered.
I've been over her for a while now.
I've been paging you.
I've been paid already.
I've been paid.
I've been painting the ceiling.
I've been paroled.
I've been passionate about atlases and maps since I was little, and now I have a vast collection of all kinds of them.
I've been patient all week.
I've been patient my whole life.
I've been patient so far.
I've been patient until now.
I've been patient.
I've been paying Tom's bills for him.
I've been paying Tom's bills.
I've been paying attention.
I've been persecuted.
I've been pining for you since you left.
I've been planning on doing that for months.
I've been planning on doing that.
I've been planning this for months.
I've been planning this for over a year now.
I've been planning this party for days.
I've been planning this trip for months.
I've been planning this trip for three months.
I've been planning this trip since October.
I've been planning to do that for months.
I've been planning to do that.
I've been planning to do this for a long time.
I've been planning to post about politics, but gave up.
I've been playing American football since I was 13 years old.
I've been playing a lot of golf.
I've been playing chess for many years.
I've been playing chess since I was a kid.
I've been playing football since I was thirteen.
