Tom wants to hurt me.
Tom wants to hurt us.
Tom wants to hurt you a lot.
Tom wants to hurt you.
Tom wants to hypnotize me.
Tom wants to improve himself.
Tom wants to improve his French.
Tom wants to improve his life.
Tom wants to introduce Mary to John.
Tom wants to join our club.
Tom wants to join our group.
Tom wants to join the choir.
Tom wants to join the team.
Tom wants to keep Mary on his good side.
Tom wants to keep it.
Tom wants to keep marginalized people out of public places.
Tom wants to keep things as they are.
Tom wants to keep things the way they are.
Tom wants to keep working remotely.
Tom wants to kill Mary.
Tom wants to kill himself.
Tom wants to kill me.
Tom wants to kill us.
Tom wants to kill you, Mary.
Tom wants to kill you.
Tom wants to kiss Mary at midnight.
Tom wants to kiss Mary.
Tom wants to know Mary's past.
Tom wants to know how he can gain weight.
Tom wants to know how he can help.
Tom wants to know how he can lose weight quickly and safely.
Tom wants to know how he can lose weight quickly.
Tom wants to know how he can lose weight.
Tom wants to know how long we're going to be here.
Tom wants to know how long you plan to be in Australia.
Tom wants to know how long you plan to be in Boston.
Tom wants to know how much he owes you.
Tom wants to know how much ice cream Mary ate.
Tom wants to know how much ice cream Mary has eaten.
Tom wants to know how to do that.
Tom wants to know how you're going to get here.
Tom wants to know if he can come over and play.
Tom wants to know if he can keep that book you sent him.
Tom wants to know if it hurts.
Tom wants to know if it's illegal to catch and eat the squirrels around his house.
Tom wants to know if you have any time to help.
Tom wants to know if you have heard Marie's news.
Tom wants to know if you have heard from Marie.
Tom wants to know if you have time to help him.
Tom wants to know if you remember Mary.
Tom wants to know if you remember him.
Tom wants to know if you'll be ready by 2:30.
Tom wants to know if you're free tonight.
Tom wants to know if you're planning on going to Australia with us next weekend.
Tom wants to know if you're planning on going to Boston with us next weekend.
Tom wants to know if you're planning to come to his party.
Tom wants to know if you're taking anyone to the dance on Friday.
Tom wants to know if you've heard from Mary.
Tom wants to know more about Australia.
Tom wants to know more about Boston.
Tom wants to know more about Mary's past.
Tom wants to know more about Mary.
Tom wants to know more about Mary’s past.
Tom wants to know now.
Tom wants to know the cause of the accident.
Tom wants to know the price.
Tom wants to know the reason why he was fired.
Tom wants to know the truth.
Tom wants to know what Mary did last weekend.
Tom wants to know what Mary does in her free time.
Tom wants to know what Mary does in her spare time.
Tom wants to know what Mary is doing in Australia.
Tom wants to know what Mary is doing in Boston.
Tom wants to know what Mary said about him.
Tom wants to know what caused the accident.
Tom wants to know what happened to Mary.
Tom wants to know what happened.
Tom wants to know what he's supposed to do.
Tom wants to know what it's like.
Tom wants to know what kind of car Mary drives.
Tom wants to know what really happened.
Tom wants to know what time you'll be getting here.
Tom wants to know what time you're going to be there.
Tom wants to know what to do next.
Tom wants to know what to do with all the stuff you left in his garage.
Tom wants to know what to do with all the stuff you left with him.
Tom wants to know what we expect to happen next.
Tom wants to know what we plan on doing.
Tom wants to know what we plan to do.
Tom wants to know what we're doing here.
Tom wants to know what we're doing.
Tom wants to know what we're planning on doing.
Tom wants to know what we're planning to do.
Tom wants to know what you do for a living.
Tom wants to know what you would like to drink.
Tom wants to know what'll happen next.
Tom wants to know what'll happen.
Tom wants to know what's going on.
Tom wants to know what's going to happen next.
Tom wants to know what's going to happen.
Tom wants to know when Mary will go shopping.
Tom wants to know when we're done.
Tom wants to know when we're going to Australia.
Tom wants to know when we're going to Boston.
Tom wants to know when we're going to come over and help him.
Tom wants to know when we're going to leave.
Tom wants to know when we're going to start.
Tom wants to know when you can come over to our place and help us move our piano.
Tom wants to know when you plan to be there.
Tom wants to know when you'll be finished.
Tom wants to know when you'll be here.
Tom wants to know when you'll get here.
Tom wants to know when you'll go to Australia and how long you'll be there.
Tom wants to know when you'll go to Australia.
Tom wants to know when you'll go to Boston and how long you'll be there.
Tom wants to know when you'll go to Boston.
Tom wants to know when you're coming home.
Tom wants to know when you're coming in.
Tom wants to know when you're coming.
Tom wants to know when you're done.
Tom wants to know where Mary is.
Tom wants to know where Mary went to high school.
Tom wants to know where Mary went.
Tom wants to know where we've been.
Tom wants to know where you hid the key.
Tom wants to know where you've been.
Tom wants to know where you've hidden the key.
Tom wants to know whether you plan to come to his party or not.
Tom wants to know which of the books is the most interesting.
Tom wants to know who Mary's boyfriend is.
Tom wants to know who did it.
Tom wants to know who did that.
Tom wants to know who turned him in.
Tom wants to know who we are.
Tom wants to know who won.
Tom wants to know who you want to hire.
Tom wants to know who your girlfriend is.
Tom wants to know why Mary did that.
Tom wants to know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom wants to know why Mary didn't go to school today.
Tom wants to know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom wants to know why Mary is dead.
Tom wants to know why Mary is mad at him.
Tom wants to know why Mary isn't here today.
Tom wants to know why Mary isn't here.
Tom wants to know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom wants to know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom wants to know why he was fired.
Tom wants to know why that happened.
Tom wants to know why you didn't call him back.
Tom wants to know why you haven't left yet.
Tom wants to know why you're mad at him.
Tom wants to know why you're not working here anymore.
Tom wants to know why.
Tom wants to know your address.
Tom wants to know your name.
Tom wants to know your opinion.
Tom wants to know.
Tom wants to learn Albanian.
Tom wants to learn Basque.
Tom wants to learn Berber because he likes it so much.
Tom wants to learn Bosnian.
Tom wants to learn Cebuano.
Tom wants to learn French.
Tom wants to learn Serbian.
Tom wants to learn Spanish.
Tom wants to learn a sign language.
Tom wants to learn as many languages as possible.
Tom wants to learn boxing, but his mother thinks it's too dangerous.
Tom wants to learn five languages.
Tom wants to learn how to code.
Tom wants to learn how to cook Chinese food.
Tom wants to learn how to cook.
Tom wants to learn how to create a website.
Tom wants to learn how to crochet.
Tom wants to learn how to dance.
Tom wants to learn how to defend himself.
Tom wants to learn how to do that.
Tom wants to learn how to draw.
Tom wants to learn how to drive a car.
Tom wants to learn how to drive a tractor.
Tom wants to learn how to drive.
Tom wants to learn how to knit.
Tom wants to learn how to play bridge.
Tom wants to learn how to play chess.
Tom wants to learn how to play drums.
Tom wants to learn how to play go.
Tom wants to learn how to play guitar.
Tom wants to learn how to play piano.
Tom wants to learn how to play tennis.
Tom wants to learn how to play the bassoon.
Tom wants to learn how to play the drums.
Tom wants to learn how to play the flute.
Tom wants to learn how to play the guitar.
Tom wants to learn how to play the lute.
Tom wants to learn how to play the oboe.
Tom wants to learn how to play the piano.
Tom wants to learn how to play the trombone.
Tom wants to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom wants to learn how to play the xylophone.
Tom wants to learn how to program.
Tom wants to learn how to ride a bicycle.
Tom wants to learn how to ride a bike.
Tom wants to learn how to ride a horse.
Tom wants to learn how to ride a motorcycle.
Tom wants to learn how to shoot a rifle.
Tom wants to learn how to shoot.
Tom wants to learn how to ski.
Tom wants to learn how to snowboard.
Tom wants to learn how to surf.
Tom wants to learn how to swim.
Tom wants to learn how to talk to girls.
Tom wants to learn how to tango.
Tom wants to learn how to type fast.
Tom wants to learn how to waltz.
Tom wants to learn how to windsurf.
Tom wants to learn more about Mary.
Tom wants to learn sign language.
Tom wants to learn some French songs.
Tom wants to learn to cook.
Tom wants to learn to defend himself.
Tom wants to learn to sing in French.
Tom wants to learn to speak French fluently.
Tom wants to learn to speak fluent French.
Tom wants to learn to speak fluent German.
Tom wants to learn to swim.
Tom wants to learn to tango.
Tom wants to learn to waltz.
Tom wants to learn.
Tom wants to leave Australia.
Tom wants to leave Boston.
Tom wants to leave early and I do, too.
Tom wants to leave early and so do I.
Tom wants to leave early.
Tom wants to leave the house.
Tom wants to leave, but he can't.
Tom wants to leave.
Tom wants to let it go.
Tom wants to live a meaningful life.
Tom wants to live by himself.
Tom wants to live close to nature.
Tom wants to live close to the station.
Tom wants to live closer to his family.
Tom wants to live in Australia after he graduates from high school.
Tom wants to live in Australia.
Tom wants to live in Boston after he graduates from high school.
Tom wants to live in Boston.
Tom wants to live in a French-speaking country, so he can practice speaking French with native speakers every day.
Tom wants to live in a French-speaking country.
Tom wants to live in a better world.
Tom wants to live in a country where French is spoken.
Tom wants to live in downtown Boston.
Tom wants to live in the country after he retires.
Tom wants to live in the country.
Tom wants to live in this country.
Tom wants to live on his own.
Tom wants to live peacefully with everyone.
Tom wants to live to a great age.
Tom wants to live.
Tom wants to look younger.
Tom wants to lose weight.
Tom wants to major in French.
Tom wants to make Mary happy.
Tom wants to make a deal.
Tom wants to make a difference.
Tom wants to make cheese after milking today.
Tom wants to make everyone happy.
Tom wants to make sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
Tom wants to make sure that Mary does that.
Tom wants to make sure that Mary doesn't do that.
Tom wants to make sure that doesn't happen again.
Tom wants to make sure that doesn't happen to Mary.
Tom wants to make sure that doesn't happen to him.
Tom wants to make sure that that doesn't happen again.
Tom wants to make sure we don't make the same mistake he did.
Tom wants to make sure we understand what he wants.
Tom wants to make sure you understand what you're supposed to do.
Tom wants to marry Marie.
Tom wants to marry Mary and John's daughter.
Tom wants to marry Mary.
Tom wants to marry a Canadian woman.
Tom wants to marry me.
Tom wants to marry my daughter.
Tom wants to marry one of my daughters.
Tom wants to master foreign languages quickly and easily.
Tom wants to meet Mary again.
Tom wants to meet Mary's family.
Tom wants to meet Mary.
Tom wants to meet me.
Tom wants to meet new people.
Tom wants to meet the Dalai Lama before he dies.
Tom wants to meet with me.
Tom wants to meet with you to discuss the matter.
Tom wants to meet you in the library.
Tom wants to meet you.
Tom wants to move back to Australia.
Tom wants to move back to Boston.
Tom wants to move here.
Tom wants to move into a bigger house.
Tom wants to move near to his parents.
Tom wants to move out and find a place of his own.
Tom wants to move out.
Tom wants to move to Australia.
Tom wants to move to Boston.
Tom wants to move to a larger city.
Tom wants to move.
Tom wants to negotiate.
Tom wants to open a bank account.
Tom wants to open his own restaurant.
Tom wants to open the box.
Tom wants to overthrow the government.
Tom wants to own a restaurant.
Tom wants to paint the windowsills with luminous paint.
Tom wants to party all the time.
Tom wants to pay as little taxes as possible.
Tom wants to pay back the money he owes.
Tom wants to pay in cash.
Tom wants to pay later.
Tom wants to pay off his debts.
Tom wants to pay off his loan.
Tom wants to pitch.
Tom wants to plant broccoli this year.
Tom wants to play a game of chess with you.
Tom wants to play a game.
Tom wants to play baseball.
Tom wants to play basketball.
Tom wants to play billiards.
Tom wants to play chess with Mary.
Tom wants to play chess with you.
Tom wants to play games.
Tom wants to play golf with Mary's father.
Tom wants to play golf with Mary.
Tom wants to play golf with Mary’s father.
Tom wants to play my guitar.
Tom wants to play outside today.
Tom wants to play tennis on Monday.
Tom wants to play tennis with Mary.
Tom wants to play tennis with you.
Tom wants to play the piano.
Tom wants to play with his friends outside.
Tom wants to play with them.
Tom wants to play, but he doesn't know the rules.
Tom wants to play.
Tom wants to practice French with a native speaker.
Tom wants to practice French with native speakers.
Tom wants to practice French.
Tom wants to practice driving.
Tom wants to press charges against you.
Tom wants to press charges.
Tom wants to produce weapons, which I don't understand.
Tom wants to protect Mary.
Tom wants to protect me.
Tom wants to prove his innocence.
Tom wants to prove to us that they know everything.
Tom wants to quit.
Tom wants to raise a family.
Tom wants to read a book.
Tom wants to read an interesting book.
Tom wants to read that book.
Tom wants to really challenge himself, so he avoids using French, his native language, as much as possible.
Tom wants to reduce his carbon footprint.
Tom wants to relax.
Tom wants to remain anonymous.
Tom wants to remodel his home.
Tom wants to remodel his house.
Tom wants to remodel his kitchen.
Tom wants to renounce his citizenship.
Tom wants to rent a bigger apartment.
Tom wants to rent a house with a garage.
Tom wants to rent a new place.
Tom wants to rent a room near here.
Tom wants to rent our farm for the next few years.
Tom wants to repaint his house.
Tom wants to reschedule his flight.
Tom wants to resign.
Tom wants to retire.
Tom wants to return to Australia.
Tom wants to return to Boston.
Tom wants to return to his country.
Tom wants to ride a bull.
Tom wants to ride the rollercoaster.
Tom wants to run for class president.
Tom wants to run.
Tom wants to say 'thank you' to you.
Tom wants to say goodbye.
Tom wants to say hello.
Tom wants to say something to you.
Tom wants to say something.
Tom wants to say yes, but he can't.
Tom wants to search for information.
Tom wants to see Mary again.
Tom wants to see Mary in his office.
Tom wants to see Mary now.
Tom wants to see Mary tomorrow.
Tom wants to see Mary.
Tom wants to see a doctor as soon as possible.
Tom wants to see both of us.
Tom wants to see everybody.
Tom wants to see his son.
Tom wants to see his students succeed.
Tom wants to see how we'll do this.
Tom wants to see if Mary likes his new song.
Tom wants to see it.
Tom wants to see me.
Tom wants to see results.
Tom wants to see that movie.
Tom wants to see that.
Tom wants to see the fight.
Tom wants to see the game.
Tom wants to see the house Mary grew up in.
Tom wants to see the monkeys at the zoo.
Tom wants to see the results.
Tom wants to see the sunset, so he's on the beach.
Tom wants to see the world.
Tom wants to see us again.
Tom wants to see us right away.
Tom wants to see us.
Tom wants to see what's in the drawer.
Tom wants to see you and me.
Tom wants to see you as soon as possible.
Tom wants to see you before you leave.
Tom wants to see you downstairs.
Tom wants to see you immediately, sir.
Tom wants to see you immediately.
Tom wants to see you in his office right away.
Tom wants to see you in his office.
Tom wants to see you right now.
Tom wants to see you this afternoon.
Tom wants to see you upstairs.
Tom wants to see you.
Tom wants to sell everything in his garage.
Tom wants to sell his car.
Tom wants to sell his condo.
Tom wants to sell his farm.
Tom wants to sell his house.
Tom wants to sell his land.
Tom wants to sell his old car.
Tom wants to sell it.
Tom wants to sell the farm.
Tom wants to sell three of his goats.
Tom wants to separate us.
Tom wants to set it right.
Tom wants to set up a meeting.
Tom wants to settle down.
Tom wants to show Mary how to do that.
Tom wants to show you how to do that.
Tom wants to show you something.
Tom wants to sing with us.
Tom wants to sing.
Tom wants to sit down.
Tom wants to sit in an aisle seat.
Tom wants to sit in the back.
Tom wants to sit in the front.
Tom wants to sit near Mary.
Tom wants to sit near the window.
Tom wants to sit next to Mary.
Tom wants to sit with Mary.
Tom wants to ski.
Tom wants to sleep on it.
Tom wants to sleep on the beach.
Tom wants to sleep on the couch.
Tom wants to sleep with you.
Tom wants to smoke.
Tom wants to speak to Mary alone.
Tom wants to speak to Mary.
Tom wants to speak to you at 2:30.
Tom wants to speak to you right away.
Tom wants to speak to you.
Tom wants to speak with Mary.
Tom wants to speak with you personally.
Tom wants to speak with you.
Tom wants to speak.
Tom wants to spend more time at home.
Tom wants to spend more time in nature.
Tom wants to spend more time with Mary.
Tom wants to spend more time with his children.
Tom wants to spend more time with his family.
Tom wants to spend more time with his kids.
Tom wants to spend the rest of his life here.
Tom wants to spend the rest of his life in Australia.
Tom wants to spend the rest of his life with Mary.
Tom wants to spend this winter in Australia.
Tom wants to spend time with Mary.
Tom wants to spend time with his children.
Tom wants to spend time with me.
Tom wants to spread love.
Tom wants to stand out.
Tom wants to start a company in Australia.
Tom wants to start a new business.
Tom wants to start a new life.
Tom wants to start doing that right away.
Tom wants to start from scratch.
Tom wants to start his own business.
Tom wants to stay at a five-star hotel.
Tom wants to stay at home and watch TV.
Tom wants to stay at home to watch television.
Tom wants to stay at home.
Tom wants to stay close to home.
Tom wants to stay for a while.
Tom wants to stay here.
Tom wants to stay home tonight.
Tom wants to stay home.
Tom wants to stay in Australia a little longer.
Tom wants to stay in Australia until October.
Tom wants to stay in Australia.
Tom wants to stay in Boston.
Tom wants to stay single.
Tom wants to stay with Mary.
Tom wants to stay with us until next Monday.
Tom wants to stay young forever.
Tom wants to stay, but Mary wants to leave.
Tom wants to stay.
Tom wants to stick around.
Tom wants to stop Mary.
Tom wants to stop fixating on things.
Tom wants to stop us.
Tom wants to stop.
Tom wants to study French with a native speaker.
Tom wants to study French.
Tom wants to study abroad.
Tom wants to study art in Australia.
Tom wants to study in Australia.
Tom wants to study in Boston.
Tom wants to study medicine.
Tom wants to study music in college.
Tom wants to study music.
Tom wants to study theology.
Tom wants to succeed.
Tom wants to surprise Mary.
Tom wants to surprise you by doing that.
Tom wants to swim.
Tom wants to take Mary out tomorrow night.
Tom wants to take a day off.
Tom wants to take a nap.
Tom wants to take a picture of it.
Tom wants to take everyone's picture tomorrow.
Tom wants to take his driving test.
Tom wants to take it.
Tom wants to take over the world.
Tom wants to take the bus to Paris.
Tom wants to take you home.
Tom wants to take you to a dance.
Tom wants to talk about that.
Tom wants to talk about the project.
Tom wants to talk about this.
Tom wants to talk about what happened.
Tom wants to talk to Mary about the problem.
Tom wants to talk to Mary alone.
Tom wants to talk to Mary right now.
Tom wants to talk to Mary, but she is always on the phone.
Tom wants to talk to Mary.
Tom wants to talk to all of us.
Tom wants to talk to his lawyer.
Tom wants to talk to me again.
Tom wants to talk to me later at the bar.
Tom wants to talk to me.
Tom wants to talk to us.
Tom wants to talk to you about what happened in Australia last week.
Tom wants to talk to you about what happened in Boston last week.
Tom wants to talk to you about what happened.
Tom wants to talk to you again.
Tom wants to talk to you before you leave.
Tom wants to talk to you now.
Tom wants to talk to you privately.
Tom wants to talk to you, too.
Tom wants to talk to you.
Tom wants to talk with you.
Tom wants to talk.
Tom wants to teach French.
Tom wants to teach biology at the university.
Tom wants to teach his children the value of work.
Tom wants to tell Mary about what happened.
Tom wants to tell Mary everything.
Tom wants to tell Mary the truth.
Tom wants to tell Mary what happened.
Tom wants to tell Mary.
Tom wants to tell the truth.
Tom wants to tell us something.
Tom wants to tell you about Mary.
Tom wants to tell you about something.
Tom wants to tell you something important.
Tom wants to tell you something.
Tom wants to testify.
Tom wants to thank you, too.
Tom wants to thank you.
Tom wants to think it over.
Tom wants to throw all of this stuff away.
Tom wants to throw all these things away.
Tom wants to throw all this stuff away.
Tom wants to throw it across the room.
Tom wants to trade.
Tom wants to travel Australia next summer.
Tom wants to travel Australia.
Tom wants to travel alone.
Tom wants to travel and meet people from all over the world.
Tom wants to travel around Europe.
Tom wants to travel around the world.
Tom wants to try a new shampoo.
Tom wants to try doing something different.
Tom wants to try doing that again.
Tom wants to try doing this again.
Tom wants to try helping Mary.
Tom wants to try it.
Tom wants to try something different.
Tom wants to try something else.
Tom wants to try something new.
Tom wants to try that again.
Tom wants to try this on.
Tom wants to try to do that again.
Tom wants to turn on the A/C, but Mary doesn't want him to.
Tom wants to turn on the air conditioner, but Mary doesn't want him to.
Tom wants to turn over a new leaf.
Tom wants to turn the air conditioner on, but Mary doesn't want him to.
Tom wants to understand the meaning of life.
Tom wants to unite people.
Tom wants to visit Australia.
Tom wants to visit Boston next summer.
Tom wants to visit Boston.
Tom wants to visit Mary.
Tom wants to visit Odessa.
Tom wants to visit another country. He doesn't really care what county.
Tom wants to visit another country. He doesn't really care which one.
Tom wants to visit you.
Tom wants to wait for Mary.
Tom wants to wait until Mary gets here.
Tom wants to wait.
Tom wants to walk.
Tom wants to watch TV.
Tom wants to watch a nice movie tonight.
Tom wants to watch.
Tom wants to wear jeans.
Tom wants to win a Nobel Prize for proving Brocard's conjecture.
Tom wants to win.
Tom wants to wipe near-duplicate sentences from the database.
Tom wants to work again.
Tom wants to work as a freelancer.
Tom wants to work as a translator.
Tom wants to work at the same hospital where Mary works.
Tom wants to work for Mary.
Tom wants to work here.
Tom wants to work in Boston.
Tom wants to work in a factory.
Tom wants to work in a hospital.
Tom wants to work with Mary.
Tom wants to work with me.
Tom wants to work.
Tom wants too much.
Tom wants two of us to go to Australia with him on Monday.
Tom wants two of us to go to Boston with him on Monday.
Tom wants updates.
Tom wants us back at the office.
Tom wants us both.
Tom wants us dead.
Tom wants us to come back.
Tom wants us to come over.
Tom wants us to come see him.
Tom wants us to come.
Tom wants us to die with him.
Tom wants us to do it.
Tom wants us to do that again.
Tom wants us to do that by ourselves.
Tom wants us to do that now.
Tom wants us to do that today.
Tom wants us to do that.
Tom wants us to do this.
Tom wants us to end our rivalry.
Tom wants us to enjoy ourselves.
Tom wants us to examine his case.
Tom wants us to find Mary.
Tom wants us to follow Mary.
Tom wants us to follow him.
Tom wants us to get married.
Tom wants us to go swimming with him this afternoon.
Tom wants us to go swimming with him.
Tom wants us to go to Australia to visit John.
Tom wants us to go to Boston to visit John.
Tom wants us to go to church.
Tom wants us to go to the police.
Tom wants us to go with Mary.
Tom wants us to go with him.
Tom wants us to go.
Tom wants us to hang the TV on the wall.
Tom wants us to help him do that.
Tom wants us to help him.
Tom wants us to improve ourselves.
Tom wants us to know he did it.
Tom wants us to know he did that.
Tom wants us to know he was the one who did that.
Tom wants us to know that he was the one who did that.
Tom wants us to leave.
Tom wants us to mount the TV on the wall.
Tom wants us to move up our departure time.
Tom wants us to stay.
Tom wants us to suffer.
Tom wants us to take the blame for this.
Tom wants us to talk.
Tom wants us to think he isn't lonely.
Tom wants us to think he's OK.
Tom wants us to think he's happy.
Tom wants us to think he's not lonely.
Tom wants us to think he's richer than he really is.
Tom wants us to wait.
Tom wants us working.
Tom wants us.
Tom wants vengeance.
Tom wants very much to see you.
Tom wants water.
Tom wants way too much money.
Tom wants what Mary has.
Tom wants what's new.
Tom wants white bread.
Tom wants wine.
Tom wants you all to himself.
Tom wants you back, you know.
Tom wants you back.
Tom wants you badly.
Tom wants you dead.
Tom wants you fired.
Tom wants you here.
Tom wants you in the conference room.
Tom wants you in the team.
Tom wants you on the team.
Tom wants you right away.
Tom wants you there.
Tom wants you to ask him to your party.
Tom wants you to be his date for the prom.
Tom wants you to be his mentor.
Tom wants you to be there by 2:30.
Tom wants you to believe that.
Tom wants you to buy him a ticket, too.
Tom wants you to call him ASAP.
Tom wants you to call him as soon as possible.
Tom wants you to call him back as soon as possible.
Tom wants you to call him right away.
Tom wants you to check it out.
Tom wants you to come home.
Tom wants you to come to Australia with me.
Tom wants you to come to his birthday party.
Tom wants you to come.
Tom wants you to do him a favor.
Tom wants you to do it for him.
Tom wants you to do it so he doesn't have to do it himself.
Tom wants you to do it.
Tom wants you to do that for Mary.
Tom wants you to do that for him.
Tom wants you to do that right now.
Tom wants you to do that so he doesn't have to do it himself.
Tom wants you to do that so he doesn't have to.
Tom wants you to do that today.
Tom wants you to do that.
Tom wants you to drive.
Tom wants you to eat.
Tom wants you to get here ASAP.
Tom wants you to get here as soon as possible.
Tom wants you to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom wants you to go to Australia with him.
Tom wants you to go to Australia with me.
Tom wants you to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom wants you to go to Boston with him.
Tom wants you to go with him.
Tom wants you to have it.
Tom wants you to hear this.
Tom wants you to help Mary.
Tom wants you to help him do his homework.
Tom wants you to help him do that today.
Tom wants you to help him do that.
Tom wants you to help him paint the fence.
Tom wants you to help him today.
Tom wants you to help him wash windows.
Tom wants you to help him.
Tom wants you to join our team.
Tom wants you to kill Mary.
Tom wants you to know he can't do that.
Tom wants you to know he can't help you tomorrow.
Tom wants you to know he really didn't want to do that.
Tom wants you to know he really wants to do that.
Tom wants you to know he won't be there today.
Tom wants you to know he won't be there.
Tom wants you to know he won't do that.
Tom wants you to know that he can't do that.
Tom wants you to know that he can't help you tomorrow.
Tom wants you to know that he really didn't want to do that.
Tom wants you to know that he really wants to do that.
Tom wants you to know that he won't be there today.
Tom wants you to know that he won't be there.
Tom wants you to know that he won't do that.
Tom wants you to know the truth.
Tom wants you to know we intend to be back.
Tom wants you to know what he can do to help.
Tom wants you to leave.
Tom wants you to meet him at Mary's.
Tom wants you to shoot Mary.
Tom wants you to sing with Mary.
Tom wants you to sing with him.
Tom wants you to stay here with us.
Tom wants you to stay here.
Tom wants you to stay.
Tom wants you to take out the garbage.
Tom wants you to take the garbage out.
Tom wants you to take us to school.
Tom wants you to wait for Mary.
Tom wants you to wait for a while.
Tom wants you to wait for him.
Tom wants you to wash his car.
Tom wants you.
Tom wants your answer and he wants it now.
Tom wants your jacket.
Tom wants your parking space.
Tom warmed himself by the fire.
Tom warmed himself in front of the fire.
Tom warmed his hands by the fire.
Tom warmed up a can of ravioli for dinner.
Tom warmed up the milk.
Tom warned Mary about John.
Tom warned Mary about that.
Tom warned Mary not to be late.
Tom warned Mary not to be overconfident.
Tom warned Mary not to be too noisy.
Tom warned Mary not to do that again.
Tom warned Mary not to do that anymore.
Tom warned Mary not to do that.
Tom warned Mary not to drink the water.
Tom warned Mary not to eat anything John made.
Tom warned Mary not to eat the food.
Tom warned Mary not to eat the mushrooms she found in the woods.
Tom warned Mary not to go out at night alone.
Tom warned Mary not to go out by herself after dark.
Tom warned Mary not to go there alone.
Tom warned Mary not to go there with John.
Tom warned Mary not to lend money to John.
Tom warned Mary not to trust John.
Tom warned Mary that John was nothing but trouble. However, she ignored his warning.
Tom warned Mary that John would try to borrow money from her.
Tom warned Mary that his mother was a gossip who would repeat anything told to her in confidence.
Tom warned Mary that that would happen.
Tom warned Mary that that would likely happen.
Tom warned Mary that that would probably happen.
Tom warned Mary that would happen.
Tom warned Mary that would likely happen.
Tom warned Mary that would probably happen.
Tom warned Mary to stay away from his house.
Tom warned Mary what might happen if she ate the mushrooms John had found in the woods.
Tom warned Mary what would happen if she did that.
Tom warned Mary what would happen if she didn't do that.
Tom warned Mary.
Tom warned him.
Tom warned me about that.
Tom warned me about this.
Tom warned me about you.
Tom warned me against them.
Tom warned me it would be noisy here.
Tom warned me it would be smoky here.
Tom warned me more than once that this might happen.
Tom warned me not to agree to do that.
Tom warned me not to be late again.
Tom warned me not to do it again.
Tom warned me not to do that again.
Tom warned me not to do that anymore.
Tom warned me not to do that.
Tom warned me not to hug Mary anymore.
Tom warned me not to say anything to Mary about the incident.
Tom warned me not to say anything to Mary about what happened.
Tom warned me not to say anything to Mary about what we did.
Tom warned me not to say anything to Mary.
Tom warned me not to say anything.
Tom warned me not to speak French.
Tom warned me not to talk to Mary again.
Tom warned me of the danger.
Tom warned me that this might happen.
Tom warned me this might happen.
Tom warned me to stay away from Mary.
Tom warned me you might cry.
Tom warned me you might do that.
Tom warned me you might tell Mary that.
Tom warned me, but I didn't listen to him.
Tom warned me.
Tom warned the police about a scheme to assassinate the mayor.
Tom warned us about the danger.
Tom warned us about what might happen.
Tom warned us not to swim here.
Tom warned us not to swim in this river.
Tom warned us that Mary would probably cry.
Tom warned us that this might happen.
Tom warned us.
Tom warned you that this might happen.
Tom warned you.
Tom was 13 at the time.
Tom was 13 years old at that time.
Tom was 15, Maria 14. The other children – I can no longer remember their names – were a bit younger.
Tom was 16 going on 17 when he first met Mary.
Tom was 30 when he died.
Tom was 30 years old.
Tom was John's best man.
Tom was John's cellmate.
Tom was John's flatmate.
Tom was John's housemate.
Tom was John's roommate in college.
Tom was John's roommate last year.
Tom was John's roommate.
Tom was Mary's French teacher.
Tom was Mary's alleged accomplice.
Tom was Mary's assistant last year.
Tom was Mary's assistant.
Tom was Mary's best friend in high school.
Tom was Mary's best friend three years ago.
Tom was Mary's best friend.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend all through high school.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend at that time.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend before he was mine.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend before she met John.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend for a long time.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend for about three months.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend in high school.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend in junior high school.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend last year.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend when she was in high school.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend.
Tom was Mary's childhood friend.
Tom was Mary's college sweetheart.
Tom was Mary's competitor.
Tom was Mary's dance partner.
Tom was Mary's first French teacher.
Tom was Mary's first boss.
Tom was Mary's first boyfriend.
Tom was Mary's first crush.
Tom was Mary's first dance partner.
Tom was Mary's first husband.
Tom was Mary's first love.
Tom was Mary's first manager.
Tom was Mary's first real boyfriend.
Tom was Mary's first serious boyfriend.
Tom was Mary's first teacher.
Tom was Mary's friend.
Tom was Mary's helper.
Tom was Mary's high school crush.
Tom was Mary's high school sweetheart.
Tom was Mary's last hope.
Tom was Mary's late husband's best friend.
Tom was Mary's mentor.
Tom was Mary's neighbor for three years.
Tom was Mary's neighbor.
Tom was Mary's next-door neighbor for three years.
Tom was Mary's older brother.
Tom was Mary's only child.
Tom was Mary's only friend at school.
Tom was Mary's only friend when she was in kindergarten.
Tom was Mary's only friend.
Tom was Mary's only son.
Tom was Mary's protégé.
Tom was Mary's stepchild.
Tom was Mary's stepson.
Tom was Mary's teacher.
Tom was Mary's third husband.
Tom was Mary’s boyfriend before she met John.
Tom was Mary’s only friend.
Tom was Mary’s stepchild.
Tom was OK with it.
Tom was OK with that.
Tom was OK, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was OK.
Tom was a French major.
Tom was a French teacher for only three years.
Tom was a French teacher.
Tom was a POW in Syria.
Tom was a baby in 2013.
Tom was a bachelor all his life.
Tom was a bachelor his whole life.
Tom was a bachelor until the day he died.
Tom was a bad boy.
Tom was a bad coach.
Tom was a bad guy.
Tom was a bad kid.
Tom was a bad man.
Tom was a bad person.
Tom was a bad pupil.
Tom was a bad roommate.
Tom was a bad student.
Tom was a bad teacher. He always sought out the mistakes his pupils made without ever praising them for what they had done well.
Tom was a badly-behaved pupil.
Tom was a ball of vanity.
Tom was a banker.
Tom was a bartender for three years.
Tom was a bartender.
Tom was a baseball player.
Tom was a basketball coach for three years.
Tom was a basketball player.
Tom was a beggar.
Tom was a better French speaker than Mary thought he'd be.
Tom was a better chess player than I expected.
Tom was a better chess player than Mary when they were in high school.
Tom was a better cook than Mary was when they got married.
Tom was a better goalie than Mary thought he would be.
Tom was a better goalie than Mary thought he'd be.
Tom was a better singer than Mary thought he'd be.
Tom was a big guy.
Tom was a big help to us.
Tom was a big influence on me growing up.
Tom was a big inspiration for me.
Tom was a big man.
Tom was a big troublemaker in school.
Tom was a big winner.
Tom was a biker.
Tom was a bit baffled by Mary's request.
Tom was a bit chubby the last time I saw him.
Tom was a bit confused.
Tom was a bit desperate.
Tom was a bit drunk.
Tom was a bit early.
Tom was a bit embarrassed.
Tom was a bit freaked out by it.
Tom was a bit impatient.
Tom was a bit intoxicated.
Tom was a bit jealous.
Tom was a bit late.
Tom was a bit mad.
Tom was a bit nervous about this.
Tom was a bit nervous.
Tom was a bit of a playboy.
Tom was a bit off key.
Tom was a bit puzzled by Mary's answer.
Tom was a bit puzzled by Mary's behavior.
Tom was a bit puzzled.
Tom was a bit scared.
Tom was a bit shorter than I was when we were in junior high school.
Tom was a bit shorter than Mary when they were in elementary school.
Tom was a bit shorter than me when we were junior high school students.
Tom was a bit shy.
Tom was a bit slow on the uptake.
Tom was a bit slow to catch on.
Tom was a bit surprised by Mary's behavior.
Tom was a bit surprised by what Mary told him.
Tom was a bit surprised when he saw Mary and John kissing.
Tom was a bit taller than I was at that time.
Tom was a bit tipsy.
Tom was a bit too zealous about the questionable tradition of Zwarte Piet.
Tom was a bit woozy.
Tom was a bit worried.
Tom was a bitter old man who was sick of life.
Tom was a blackmailer.
Tom was a bookkeeper.
Tom was a bookworm when he was a child.
Tom was a bookworm when he was a kid.
Tom was a bore.
Tom was a bouncer.
Tom was a boy scout.
Tom was a brat.
Tom was a brave man.
Tom was a brave soldier.
Tom was a bright student.
Tom was a brilliant man.
Tom was a bully and no one wanted to be hang out with him.
Tom was a bully and nobody wanted to be hang out with him.
Tom was a bully when he was a teenager.
Tom was a bundle of nerves last night.
Tom was a burden to his parents.
Tom was a burden to them.
Tom was a bus driver for many years.
Tom was a bus driver for three years.
Tom was a butcher in Boston for three years.
Tom was a butcher.
Tom was a camp counselor.
Tom was a captain.
Tom was a car salesman for several years.
Tom was a car salesman.
Tom was a carpenter.
Tom was a chain smoker.
Tom was a champion long-distance swimmer.
Tom was a child actor.
Tom was a child at that time.
Tom was a child prodigy.
Tom was a church-going man.
Tom was a class act.
Tom was a clever rascal in his youth.
Tom was a clever scamp in his youth.
Tom was a close friend of Mary's.
Tom was a close friend of mine.
Tom was a close friend.
Tom was a close personal friend of mine.
Tom was a clown.
Tom was a coach.
Tom was a coal miner.
Tom was a colleague of mine before they fired him.
Tom was a college professor.
Tom was a college student in 2013.
Tom was a comedian.
Tom was a communist and a Satanist.
Tom was a competitor.
Tom was a complaisant child.
Tom was a consensus builder.
Tom was a conservative.
Tom was a construction worker for many years.
Tom was a contestant on a popular game show.
Tom was a contractor and thus did not belong to the inner-circle, even though his friend was the boss.
Tom was a cooperating witness.
Tom was a cop for 13 years.
Tom was a cop for a few years.
Tom was a cop.
Tom was a county sheriff.
Tom was a coward.
Tom was a cowboy for three years.
Tom was a crazy kid.
Tom was a creative child, but he's not so creative anymore.
Tom was a credible witness.
Tom was a cruel man.
Tom was a crusader.
Tom was a deacon here.
Tom was a deacon.
Tom was a dedicated and hardworking policeman, liked and respected by his colleagues.
Tom was a delicate child.
Tom was a dental assistant.
Tom was a dental hygienist for a few years.
Tom was a desperate fanatic.
Tom was a devout Christian who believed in miracles.
Tom was a diplomat.
Tom was a doctor in Australia for many years.
Tom was a doctor in Australia.
Tom was a doctor.
Tom was a double agent.
Tom was a draft dodger.
Tom was a drinker.
Tom was a drug addict.
Tom was a drug dealer.
Tom was a drunk.
Tom was a failure.
Tom was a family man.
Tom was a famous actor.
Tom was a fanatic.
Tom was a farmer, but dreamed of a career in advertising.
Tom was a farmer.
Tom was a fellow student of mine at school.
Tom was a few feet away.
Tom was a few inches shorter than Mary last year.
Tom was a few minutes late.
Tom was a few years older than me.
Tom was a fireman.
Tom was a flower child.
Tom was a fool to trust Mary.
Tom was a fool.
Tom was a footballer.
Tom was a forester.
Tom was a foster child.
Tom was a foster kid.
Tom was a freshman in 2013.
Tom was a freshman in college at that time.
Tom was a freshman in college in 2013.
Tom was a freshman when Mary was a sophomore.
Tom was a friend and a mentor.
Tom was a friend of John's.
Tom was a friend of Mary's.
Tom was a friend of mine.
Tom was a friend of my brother's.
Tom was a friend of my father's.
Tom was a friend of the family.
Tom was a friend of yours, right?
Tom was a friend.
Tom was a fruit fly, but he died.
Tom was a fussy baby.
Tom was a gambler.
Tom was a gang member.
Tom was a gangly, uncoordinated child who grew into a clumsy adult.
Tom was a genius.
Tom was a gentleman.
Tom was a geologist.
Tom was a ghost.
Tom was a go-getter.
Tom was a gold miner.
Tom was a golem.
Tom was a good Samaritan.
Tom was a good addition to our team.
Tom was a good boxer.
Tom was a good boy.
Tom was a good coach.
Tom was a good cook.
Tom was a good cop.
Tom was a good father.
Tom was a good foot taller than me when we were in junior high school.
Tom was a good friend of mine.
Tom was a good friend of yours, wasn't he?
Tom was a good friend, and I'll miss him.
Tom was a good friend.
Tom was a good guy.
Tom was a good husband and a wonderful father.
Tom was a good kid.
Tom was a good listener.
Tom was a good loser.
Tom was a good man.
Tom was a good man. He didn't deserve to die.
Tom was a good opponent.
Tom was a good partner.
Tom was a good person.
Tom was a good pilot.
Tom was a good player.
Tom was a good roommate.
Tom was a good shot.
Tom was a good singer.
Tom was a good soldier.
Tom was a good sport about it.
Tom was a good sport.
Tom was a good student.
Tom was a good teacher.
Tom was a good worker.
Tom was a good-hearted guy.
Tom was a good-natured man.
Tom was a gracious guide.
Tom was a graduate student when he died.
Tom was a graphic designer before he became a teacher.
Tom was a gravedigger.
Tom was a great cop.
Tom was a great friend.
Tom was a great guy.
Tom was a great help to me.
Tom was a great help.
Tom was a great influence on me.
Tom was a great manager.
Tom was a great mentor to me.
Tom was a great neighbor.
Tom was a great player.
Tom was a great storyteller.
Tom was a great teacher once.
Tom was a great teammate.
Tom was a greedy man.
Tom was a guitar teacher before he became famous.
Tom was a hairdresser.
Tom was a handsome and kind man.
Tom was a handsome man before he got burned.
Tom was a heavy drinker before he got married.
Tom was a heavy drinker before he met Mary.
Tom was a heavy drinker when he was in college.
Tom was a heavy drinker.
Tom was a heavy smoker most of his life.
Tom was a heavy smoker.
Tom was a helicopter pilot during the war.
Tom was a helpful guy.
Tom was a hero.
Tom was a heroin addict.
Tom was a high school student at that time.
Tom was a highly sensitive child.
Tom was a hippie.
Tom was a hippy.
Tom was a history major.
Tom was a history teacher before he became a lawyer.
Tom was a hockey fan.
Tom was a homicide detective before he retired.
Tom was a horrible kid.
Tom was a horse thief.
Tom was a huge influence on me.
Tom was a huge socialite.
Tom was a human being.
Tom was a janitor.
Tom was a jazz guitarist before he started playing country music.
Tom was a jerk.
Tom was a journalism student.
Tom was a journalist.
Tom was a judge in an art contest.
Tom was a junior at Harvard in 2013.
Tom was a junior high school student the first time I met him.
Tom was a junior high school student the first time that I met him.
Tom was a junior high school student when I first met him.
Tom was a junior in high school when I first met him.
Tom was a junkie.
Tom was a junkman.
Tom was a kid back then.
Tom was a kid when that happened.
Tom was a kind and gentle man, well loved by all who knew him.
Tom was a kindergarten teacher before he became a policeman.
Tom was a kindergarten teacher.
Tom was a known drug addict.
Tom was a ladies' man when he was younger.
Tom was a late bloomer.
Tom was a lawyer.
Tom was a lazy child.
Tom was a less able pupil.
Tom was a lieutenant.
Tom was a lifeguard at the swimming pool near my house when I was growing up.
Tom was a lifeguard last summer.
Tom was a little angry.
Tom was a little annoying.
Tom was a little anxious.
Tom was a little better than usual yesterday.
Tom was a little bit embarrassed at first.
Tom was a little bit surprised by that.
Tom was a little boy then.
Tom was a little confused.
Tom was a little crazy.
Tom was a little cross with me.
Tom was a little disappointed.
Tom was a little disgruntled.
Tom was a little disheartened.
Tom was a little disoriented.
Tom was a little drunk.
Tom was a little early.
Tom was a little freaked out.
Tom was a little hesitant.
Tom was a little homesick.
Tom was a little hungry.
Tom was a little intimidated by Mary.
Tom was a little late to the party.
Tom was a little late.
Tom was a little moody today.
Tom was a little nuts.
Tom was a little overweight when he was a child.
Tom was a little overweight when he was a kid.
Tom was a little overwhelmed by it all.
Tom was a little shocked.
Tom was a little startled.
Tom was a little surprised Mary said that.
Tom was a little surprised by Mary's behavior.
Tom was a little surprised by Mary's conclusion.
Tom was a little surprised by how well Mary could sing.
Tom was a little surprised by how well Mary could speak French.
Tom was a little surprised by how well Mary could swim.
Tom was a little surprised by the question.
Tom was a little surprised that Mary said that.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said she didn't know John.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said she didn't know how to do that.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said she wouldn't do that that.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said she wouldn't do that.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said she'd do that.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said that she didn't know John.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said that she didn't know how to do that.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said that she wouldn't do that that.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said that she wouldn't do that.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said that she'd do that.
Tom was a little surprised.
Tom was a little taller than I was when we were in grade school.
Tom was a little tipsy.
Tom was a little tired.
Tom was a little upset.
Tom was a little worried about Mary.
Tom was a little worried about what might happen if he did that.
Tom was a little worried about what might happen.
Tom was a little worried about you.
Tom was a little worried.
Tom was a lively young man, very intelligent.
Tom was a log driver.
Tom was a lonely child.
Tom was a lonely man.
Tom was a loner.
Tom was a lot busier last week than he is this week.
Tom was a lot busier than I was last week.
Tom was a lot faster at doing that than Mary was.
Tom was a lot faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom was a lot fatter than I expected him to be.
Tom was a lot like John.
Tom was a lot shorter than I'd thought he'd be.
Tom was a lot shorter than me in kindergarten.
Tom was a lot slower than I expected.
Tom was a lot stronger when he was younger.
Tom was a lot taller than I expected.
Tom was a lot taller than me when we were kids.
Tom was a lucky man.
Tom was a lumberjack.
Tom was a machine gunner.
Tom was a major in the army.
Tom was a man of the world.
Tom was a manager until 2010, when Mary took over the lead.
Tom was a manager.
Tom was a mastermind.
Tom was a math teacher when Mary first met him.
Tom was a mathematics teacher.
Tom was a mean man before his daughter was born.
Tom was a medical student.
Tom was a member of a gang.
Tom was a member of a secret society.
Tom was a member of my crew.
Tom was a member of our club.
Tom was a member of our crew.
Tom was a member of our group.
Tom was a member of the choir.
Tom was a member of the committee.
Tom was a mensch.
Tom was a mental patient.
Tom was a mercenary.
Tom was a mess.
Tom was a miner.
Tom was a model inmate.
Tom was a model patient.
Tom was a model student.
Tom was a monster.
Tom was a monstrous child.
Tom was a much-feared police officer.
Tom was a music major.
Tom was a native of Boston with deep roots in the community.
Tom was a neighbor of mine.
Tom was a nerd in high school.
Tom was a nerd.
Tom was a nervous child.
Tom was a nervous wreck.
Tom was a nice boy.
Tom was a nice guy.
Tom was a nice kid.
Tom was a nice man.
Tom was a nice person.
Tom was a no-show for the third week in a row.
Tom was a nomad.
Tom was a nominee.
Tom was a non-transportable patient.
Tom was a normal kid.
Tom was a nurse.
Tom was a one-hit wonder.
Tom was a pain.
Tom was a paramedic before he went to prison.
Tom was a paratrooper.
Tom was a park ranger for three years.
Tom was a part-time carpenter while he was in college.
Tom was a patient of mine.
Tom was a perfect gentleman.
Tom was a pharmacist.
Tom was a piano teacher.
Tom was a picky eater when he was a child.
Tom was a picky eater when he was a kid.
Tom was a plain, ordinary kid.
Tom was a plumber.
Tom was a police officer before he retired.
Tom was a policeman.
Tom was a political prisoner.
Tom was a poor actor.
Tom was a poor musician.
Tom was a popular guy.
Tom was a potato farmer.
Tom was a preposterous peasant.
Tom was a pretty good French teacher and I learned French very quickly.
Tom was a pretty good French teacher and I learned a lot from him very quickly.
Tom was a pretty good basketball player in high school.
Tom was a pretty good carpenter before he injured his hand.
Tom was a pretty good singer when he was young.
Tom was a pretty good singer when he was younger.
Tom was a pretty handsome guy.
Tom was a prison guard for three years.
Tom was a prison guard.
Tom was a prison warden for three years.
Tom was a prisoner of war for three years.
Tom was a prisoner of war.
Tom was a prisoner.
Tom was a prodigy.
Tom was a professional gambler before he met Mary.
Tom was a professional heavyweight boxer.
Tom was a professional magician.
Tom was a prosperous peasant.
Tom was a psychology major.
Tom was a public servant.
Tom was a punk.
Tom was a railroad engineer.
Tom was a railway employee.
Tom was a rascal in his youth.
Tom was a real estate agent.
Tom was a real gentleman.
Tom was a real good guy.
Tom was a real heartbreaker when he was young.
Tom was a real hero.
Tom was a real optimist.
Tom was a really cute kid.
Tom was a really good kid.
Tom was a really nice guy.
Tom was a rebellious teenager.
Tom was a religious man.
Tom was a reporter.
Tom was a restaurant musician.
Tom was a rich businessman.
Tom was a rough man.
Tom was a rugby player.
Tom was a sadistic father.
Tom was a sailor.
Tom was a scam artist.
Tom was a scamp in his youth.
Tom was a school bus driver before he became a taxi driver.
Tom was a school bus driver up until last year.
Tom was a school custodian.
Tom was a schoolmate of mine. We were both in the basketball team.
Tom was a schoolteacher.
Tom was a science teacher.
Tom was a scrap dealer.
Tom was a scrappie.
Tom was a scrawny kid.
Tom was a secretive person.
Tom was a security guard at that time.
Tom was a security guard before he became a police officer.
Tom was a security guard.
Tom was a self-made millionaire.
Tom was a sensitive child and he cried easily.
Tom was a sensitive child.
Tom was a serious guy.
Tom was a shoo-in for the race.
Tom was a shrewd businessman and his company went from strength to strength.
Tom was a shy boy.
Tom was a sickly child and was mollycoddled by his parents.
Tom was a simple man.
Tom was a singer.
Tom was a single dad.
Tom was a sissy.
Tom was a skilled investigator.
Tom was a slow learner when he was a child, and attended a special school.
Tom was a smooth talker.
Tom was a snake.
Tom was a social worker.
Tom was a socialist.
Tom was a soldier at that time.
Tom was a soldier during the war.
Tom was a soldier previously.
Tom was a soldier's soldier.
Tom was a soldier.
Tom was a solitary boy.
Tom was a songwriter.
Tom was a spiritual adviser.
Tom was a spoiled child.
Tom was a spy.
Tom was a standup guy.
Tom was a star athlete in high school.
Tom was a stay-at-home dad; he took care of the children while his wife finished her surgical training.
Tom was a stickler for cleanliness.
Tom was a stock broker.
Tom was a stowaway on a ship.
Tom was a stowaway on the ship.
Tom was a straight A student.
Tom was a straight-A student in high school.
Tom was a stranger.
Tom was a street kid.
Tom was a strong man.
Tom was a strong, fast runner back then.
Tom was a student at that time.
Tom was a student here.
Tom was a student in Australia at that time.
Tom was a student in Boston at that time.
Tom was a student leader.
Tom was a successful businessman.
Tom was a successful handsome businessman.
Tom was a successful lawyer.
Tom was a suspect.
Tom was a tail gunner.
Tom was a tailor.
Tom was a tank commander.
Tom was a taxi driver for about three years.
Tom was a taxi driver for many years.
Tom was a taxi driver for three years.
Tom was a taxi driver in Australia at that time.
Tom was a taxi driver in Boston at that time.
Tom was a taxi driver when he lived in Boston.
Tom was a teacher for nearly thirty years.
Tom was a teacher here, but he got fired.
Tom was a teacher's assistant before he became a teacher.
Tom was a teacher.
Tom was a teen at the time.
Tom was a teenager at that time.
Tom was a terrible coach.
Tom was a terrible husband.
Tom was a terrible person.
Tom was a terrible teacher.
Tom was a terrifying man.
Tom was a terrorist.
Tom was a thief.
Tom was a thug.
Tom was a timid child.
Tom was a timid kid.
Tom was a tough guy.
Tom was a tractor and combine driver.
Tom was a traitor.
Tom was a traveling salesman.
Tom was a trombone player in the school band.
Tom was a troubled child.
Tom was a troublemaker.
Tom was a truck driver before he became a race car driver.
Tom was a trucker.
Tom was a true hero.
Tom was a true professional.
Tom was a trumpet player.
Tom was a trusted friend.
Tom was a typical father.
Tom was a typical high school student.
Tom was a typical teenage boy.
Tom was a typical teenager.
Tom was a university professor.
Tom was a university student at that time, wasn't he?
Tom was a university student in 2013.
Tom was a university student last year.
Tom was a vampire.
Tom was a vegetarian until his doctor told him he should probably start eating a little meat, too.
Tom was a vegetarian until his doctor told him he should probably start eating meat, too.
Tom was a very angry child.
Tom was a very bad cook until Mary started teaching him how to cook.
Tom was a very bad kid.
Tom was a very careful driver, but he still died in a traffic accident.
Tom was a very careful man.
Tom was a very conservative guy.
Tom was a very funny man.
Tom was a very fussy eater when he was a child.
Tom was a very fussy eater when he was a kid.
Tom was a very good banjo player before he had three of his fingers amputated.
Tom was a very good banjo player before he had to have three of his fingers amputated.
Tom was a very good basketball coach, but he got fired anyway.
Tom was a very good dancer when he was a teenager.
Tom was a very good friend of mine until he stole my girlfriend.
Tom was a very good friend until he stole my girlfriend.
Tom was a very good man.
Tom was a very good roommate.
Tom was a very good skier when he was a teenager.
Tom was a very good student in elementary school.
Tom was a very good student in high school.
Tom was a very good student.
Tom was a very loud child.
Tom was a very naughty boy.
Tom was a very nice guy.
Tom was a very nice man.
Tom was a very noisy child.
Tom was a very noisy kid.
Tom was a very popular kid in school.
Tom was a very religious man.
Tom was a very rich man before he got married.
Tom was a very shy boy.
Tom was a very strict teacher.
Tom was a very sympathetic guy.
Tom was a very talented person.
Tom was a very tough guy.
Tom was a very tough opponent.
Tom was a very unusual guy.
Tom was a victim of molestation as a child.
Tom was a victim of stray gunfire.
Tom was a volunteer firefighter when he was younger.
Tom was a waiter at that time.
Tom was a waiter.
Tom was a war hero.
Tom was a wealthy industrialist.
Tom was a wealthy man before he got married.
Tom was a werewolf.
Tom was a whole lot nicer than I had expected.
Tom was a whole lot nicer than I'd expected.
Tom was a wimp in high school.
Tom was a witness to the accident.
Tom was a witness to the assault.
Tom was a witness to the attack.
Tom was a witness.
Tom was a wonderful boy, who had gained the affection and esteem of all.
Tom was a wonderful fellow.
Tom was a wonderful man.
Tom was a wonderful person.
Tom was a wreck.
Tom was a wrestler in high school.
Tom was a year younger than Mary.
Tom was a young kid then.
Tom was a zombie.
Tom was abandoned by his parents.
Tom was abandoned.
Tom was abducted by aliens.
Tom was abducted by the shadow people.
Tom was abducted in public.
Tom was abducted.
Tom was able to accomplish everything he'd set out to do.
Tom was able to answer Mary's question.
Tom was able to answer Mary's technical questions.
Tom was able to answer all of Mary's questions.
Tom was able to answer all of the questions.
Tom was able to answer all the questions.
Tom was able to answer every question he was asked.
Tom was able to answer every question that he was asked.
Tom was able to answer every question.
Tom was able to answer everything he was asked.
Tom was able to answer everything that he was asked.
Tom was able to answer my question.
Tom was able to answer whatever he was asked.
Tom was able to buy a gun, but he couldn't buy any bullets for it.
Tom was able to buy a gun, but he wasn't able to buy any bullets for it.
Tom was able to buy a gun, but he wasn't able to buy any bullets.
Tom was able to buy almost everything on his shopping list.
Tom was able to buy both of the books he wanted.
Tom was able to buy both of the books that he wanted.
Tom was able to buy enough food for everybody.
Tom was able to buy enough food for everyone.
Tom was able to buy everything he needed.
Tom was able to buy everything that he needed.
Tom was able to buy the same computer I bought much cheaper than I was.
Tom was able to buy what he needed at a convenience store.
Tom was able to buy what he needed.
Tom was able to buy what he wanted.
Tom was able to carry all of the books.
Tom was able to catch the ball with one hand.
Tom was able to catch the mouse.
Tom was able to catch up with Mary.
Tom was able to change Mary's mind.
Tom was able to change that.
Tom was able to complete the job.
Tom was able to convince Mary to come back home.
Tom was able to convince Mary to do that.
Tom was able to convince Mary to help him.
Tom was able to cook himself dinner.
Tom was able to defend himself.
Tom was able to describe the room in detail from memory.
Tom was able to do everything he had to do.
Tom was able to do everything he needed to do.
Tom was able to do everything he promised he'd do.
Tom was able to do everything he wanted to do.
Tom was able to do everything we asked him to do.
Tom was able to do it on his third try.
Tom was able to do it.
Tom was able to do stop Mary from doing that.
Tom was able to do that as well.
Tom was able to do that better than I thought he would.
Tom was able to do that better than I thought he'd be able to.
Tom was able to do that better than me.
Tom was able to do that by himself.
Tom was able to do that eventually.
Tom was able to do that in less than a week.
Tom was able to do that in three minutes.
Tom was able to do that much faster than me.
Tom was able to do that on his own.
Tom was able to do that on his third try.
Tom was able to do that successfully.
Tom was able to do that thanks to Mary.
Tom was able to do that today.
Tom was able to do that very well.
Tom was able to do that well when he was younger.
Tom was able to do that with a little help from Mary.
Tom was able to do that without any help.
Tom was able to do that without any problems.
Tom was able to do that without anybody's help.
Tom was able to do that without anyone's help.
Tom was able to do that yesterday.
Tom was able to do that, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was able to do that, too.
Tom was able to do that.
Tom was able to do the work without any difficulty.
Tom was able to do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom was able to do what he had to do.
Tom was able to do what he needed to do.
Tom was able to do what he said he could do.
Tom was able to do what he wanted to do.
Tom was able to do what he wanted to.
Tom was able to do what he wanted.
Tom was able to do what he was supposed to do.
Tom was able to do what needed to be done.
Tom was able to do what the rest of us weren't able to do.
Tom was able to do what we asked him to do.
Tom was able to do what we asked.
Tom was able to eat as much he wanted to.
Tom was able to eat as much he wanted.
Tom was able to escape because the guards all fell asleep.
Tom was able to escape from his pursuers.
Tom was able to escape from the burning plane.
Tom was able to escape.
Tom was able to excape.
Tom was able to explain what had happened.
Tom was able to extend his visa.
Tom was able to figure out how to open the box.
Tom was able to find Mary a good job.
Tom was able to find Mary's house without any problem.
Tom was able to find Mary.
Tom was able to find a job.
Tom was able to find a place to park.
Tom was able to find a work three days after he arrived in Boston.
Tom was able to find his hat.
Tom was able to find the money I'd hidden.
Tom was able to find the money that I'd hidden.
Tom was able to find the time to do that.
Tom was able to find true happiness.
Tom was able to find what Mary had hidden.
Tom was able to find what he needed.
Tom was able to find what he was looking for.
Tom was able to find work in Boston.
Tom was able to find work.
Tom was able to finish that before noon.
Tom was able to fit everything he owned into one suitcase.
Tom was able to fix his car by himself.
Tom was able to fix it.
Tom was able to fix my computer.
Tom was able to fix that.
Tom was able to fix the broken radio.
Tom was able to fix the car by himself.
Tom was able to fix the garbage disposal.
Tom was able to fix the problem very quickly.
Tom was able to fix the radio.
Tom was able to fool Mary.
Tom was able to get Mary to do that.
Tom was able to get Mary to help him.
Tom was able to get Mary to leave.
Tom was able to get Mary to tell the truth.
Tom was able to get a visa.
Tom was able to get eerily beautiful tunes out of a saw which he played using a violin bow.
Tom was able to get his job back.
Tom was able to get his own way.
Tom was able to get hold of Mary by phone.
Tom was able to get home before Mary did.
Tom was able to get into college.
Tom was able to get into the house through a window.
Tom was able to get out of his car before it exploded.
Tom was able to get some help.
Tom was able to get the box open.
Tom was able to get the cash register open with a crowbar.
Tom was able to get the cork out of the bottle.
Tom was able to get the door open.
Tom was able to get the job.
Tom was able to get the motor started.
Tom was able to get the safe open.
Tom was able to get there in less than twenty minutes.
Tom was able to get to the hospital on his own.
Tom was able to get us all tickets to tonight's concert.
Tom was able to get what he needed.
Tom was able to get what he wanted.
Tom was able to go to Australia.
Tom was able to go to college thanks to a scholarship.
Tom was able to go to college.
Tom was able to guess Mary's weight.
Tom was able to handle it.
Tom was able to handle the problem by himself.
Tom was able to hear the music from nightclub down the street.
Tom was able to help Mary do that.
Tom was able to help Mary.
Tom was able to help me.
Tom was able to help today for a few hours.
Tom was able to help us today.
Tom was able to help us.
Tom was able to identify the man who mugged him in a lineup.
Tom was able to identify the thief.
Tom was able to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom was able to live a more or less normal life after the operation.
Tom was able to make himself understood in French when he visited Paris.
Tom was able to make himself understood in French.
Tom was able to make himself understood.
Tom was able to make it to Boston on one tank of gasoline.
Tom was able to make it to my party.
Tom was able to make the biggest load of tosh sound convincing enough that everyone believed him.
Tom was able to meet Mary.
Tom was able to meet the mayor.
Tom was able to move the desk by himself.
Tom was able to open the box.
Tom was able to open the door.
Tom was able to open the safe.
Tom was able to outrun his pursuers.
Tom was able to overcome his hatred.
Tom was able to park a half a block away from the concert hall.
Tom was able to park behind the hotel.
Tom was able to participate.
Tom was able to pass the exam.
Tom was able to pass the examination.
Tom was able to pass the test.
Tom was able to persuade Mary not to do that.
Tom was able to persuade Mary to do that.
Tom was able to persuade Mary to drive.
Tom was able to play Mozart on the piano when he was three years old.
Tom was able to play.
Tom was able to protect Mary.
Tom was able to recite the whole poem by heart.
Tom was able to repair the broken radio.
Tom was able to resist the temptation.
Tom was able to retire in his late thirties.
Tom was able to ride a tricycle at 1, a bicycle at 2 and a unicycle at 3.
Tom was able to run faster than me when we were children.
Tom was able to run faster than me when we were kids.
Tom was able to save Mary's life.
Tom was able to save Mary.
Tom was able to say what he wanted to say.
Tom was able to sell three paintings.
Tom was able to ski down the slope in three minutes.
Tom was able to sleep on the bus.
Tom was able to solve most of the problems.
Tom was able to solve that problem.
Tom was able to solve the problem by himself.
Tom was able to solve the problem in three minutes.
Tom was able to solve the problem.
Tom was able to speak French well enough to be understood.
Tom was able to speak three languages by the time he was thirteen.
Tom was able to start a fire with a magnifying glass.
Tom was able to start the campfire with one match.
Tom was able to stay awake.
Tom was able to swim across the river, but Mary had to wait for someone to give her a ride in their boat.
Tom was able to swim across the river.
Tom was able to swim.
Tom was able to take care of himself.
Tom was able to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom was able to talk Mary into participating.
Tom was able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom was able to talk Mary out of marrying John.
Tom was able to talk to Mary.
Tom was able to teach Mary how to do that.
Tom was able to trick Mary.
Tom was able to turn things around.
Tom was able to understand French.
Tom was able to understand everything Mary said.
Tom was able to understand it.
Tom was able to visit Australia.
Tom was able to walk.
Tom was able to win eventually.
Tom was able to win yesterday.
Tom was able to win.
Tom was able to work with renewed vigour after taking a short break.
Tom was about 10 minutes late.
Tom was about my age.
Tom was about thirteen years old at that time.
Tom was about thirty at that time.
Tom was about thirty feet away when the bomb went off.
Tom was about thirty minutes behind schedule.
Tom was about thirty minutes late.
Tom was about thirty when he moved to Australia.
Tom was about thirty when he moved to Boston.
Tom was about thirty when he started studying French.
Tom was about thirty years old when he died.
Tom was about thirty years old when he met Mary.
Tom was about thirty years old when he moved to Australia.
Tom was about thirty years old when he moved to Boston.
Tom was about thirty years old when he started studying French.
Tom was about to ask Mary out, but she beat him to it.
Tom was about to be killed, but he didn't know it.
Tom was about to be kissed, but he didn't know it.
Tom was about to be shot, but he didn't know it.
Tom was about to break up with Mary when she told him that she was pregnant.
Tom was about to burst into tears.
Tom was about to burst out crying.
Tom was about to complain, but decided against it.
Tom was about to cry.
Tom was about to die, but he didn't know it.
Tom was about to do that.
Tom was about to enter college.
Tom was about to enter high school.
Tom was about to fall asleep when he heard a knock on the door.
Tom was about to fall, but Mary caught him.
Tom was about to get his learner's permit.
Tom was about to get into his car when he was shot.
Tom was about to go home, but Mary came, so he decided to stay a little longer.
Tom was about to go out when it started to rain.
Tom was about to jump.
Tom was about to kill me, so I shot him.
Tom was about to kiss Mary at precise moment where her mother entered the room.
Tom was about to kiss Mary when her father walked into the room.
Tom was about to leave as Mary walked into the room.
Tom was about to leave for Boston when he got the news that Mary had been involved in a traffic accident.
Tom was about to leave the house.
Tom was about to leave when Mary arrived.
Tom was about to leave when Mary entered the room.
Tom was about to leave when Mary knocked on the door.
Tom was about to leave when Mary showed up.
Tom was about to leave when it started raining really hard.
Tom was about to leave when somebody knocked on his door.
Tom was about to leave when someone knocked on his door.
Tom was about to leave.
Tom was about to make the most important phone call of his life.
Tom was about to say something to Mary when his phone rang.
Tom was about to say something when Mary entered the room.
Tom was about to say something when Mary started talking.
Tom was about to say something, but Mary started talking first.
Tom was about to say something, but he stopped himself.
Tom was about to say something.
Tom was about to say thanks, but Mary turned and left before he could.
Tom was about to seriously freak out.
Tom was about to shoot himself when a young girl approached him and talked him out of it.
Tom was about to shoot himself, but Mary was able to talk him out of it.
Tom was about to shoot himself, but a young girl approached him and talked him out of it.
Tom was about to sit down when the siren sounded.
Tom was about to speak.
Tom was about to take a bath when the doorbell rang.
Tom was about to throw his spear when he got stabbed in the back.
Tom was abrasive.
Tom was abroad.
Tom was abruptly woken from his slumber by loud banging on the front door.
Tom was absent and so was Mary.
Tom was absent at roll call.
Tom was absent because he has a cold.
Tom was absent because of a cold.
Tom was absent due to a cold.
Tom was absent from school all last week.
Tom was absent from school because he was sick.
Tom was absent from school last Monday.
Tom was absent from school yesterday.
Tom was absent from the meeting.
Tom was absent last Monday.
Tom was absent without leave.
Tom was absent yesterday.
Tom was absent, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was absent-minded.
Tom was absent.
Tom was absolutely certain Mary was in Boston.
Tom was absolutely certain that Mary was in Boston.
Tom was absolutely certain.
Tom was absolutely correct.
Tom was absolutely devastated.
Tom was absolutely miserable when his dog ran away.
Tom was absolutely quiet.
Tom was absolutely right.
Tom was absolutely sure of himself.
Tom was absolutely terrific.
Tom was absolutely terrified.
Tom was absolutely wrong.
Tom was absorbed in his work.
Tom was absorbed in reading a magazine.
Tom was absorbed in thought.
Tom was abused as a child.
Tom was abused by his father.
Tom was abused far more than the rest of his brothers and sisters.
Tom was abusive.
Tom was accepted into Harvard.
Tom was accepted to Harvard.
Tom was accompanied back home.
Tom was accompanied by Mary.
Tom was accompanied by a friend.
Tom was accompanied by his bodyguards.
Tom was accompanied by his parents.
Tom was accompanied by three bodyguards.
Tom was accused by several women of unwanted sexual advances.
Tom was accused of accepting bribes.
Tom was accused of being a communist.
Tom was accused of being a peeping Tom.
Tom was accused of being a spy.
Tom was accused of being a traitor.
Tom was accused of being biased.
Tom was accused of breaking and entering.
Tom was accused of cheating.
Tom was accused of collaborating with the enemy.
Tom was accused of disorderly conduct.
Tom was accused of doing sloppy work.
Tom was accused of embezzlement.
Tom was accused of falling asleep on guard duty.
Tom was accused of hoarding toilet paper and price gouging.
Tom was accused of inappropriate sexual behaviour.
Tom was accused of lying to the court in an effort to diminish his culpability.
Tom was accused of lying.
Tom was accused of money laundering.
Tom was accused of neglecting his duty.
Tom was accused of performing a lewd act in public.
Tom was accused of practicing law without a license.
Tom was accused of practicing medicine without a license.
Tom was accused of practicing witchcraft.
Tom was accused of practising magic.
Tom was accused of practising witchcraft.
Tom was accused of price gouging.
Tom was accused of putting something in Mary's drink.
Tom was accused of scaremongering.
Tom was accused of selling weapons to a terrorist group.
Tom was accused of setting his own house on fire.
Tom was accused of stealing money from the cash register.
Tom was accused of stealing.
Tom was accused of the sexual harassment of his female colleagues.
Tom was accused of theft.
Tom was accused of treason.
Tom was accustomed to being on his own.
Tom was aching to go to the party.
Tom was acquitted because of lack of evidence.
Tom was acquitted for lack of evidence.
Tom was acquitted of all charges.
Tom was acquitted of the charge of stealing money from Mary, but was found guilty of attempted fraud.
Tom was acquitted of the charge.
Tom was acquitted of the charges.
Tom was acquitted on a technicality.
Tom was acquitted on the grounds of temporary insanity.
Tom was acquitted.
Tom was acting alone.
Tom was acting crazy.
Tom was acting like a child.
Tom was acting like a mindless automaton.
Tom was acting like a zombie.
Tom was acting like an idiot.
Tom was acting like he was drunk.
Tom was acting normal.
Tom was acting on his own.
Tom was acting really strange.
Tom was acting really weird yesterday.
Tom was acting really weird.
Tom was acting strange.
Tom was acting strangely.
Tom was acting stupid.
Tom was acting suspiciously.
Tom was acting weird.
Tom was active in student politics in his university days.
Tom was actually a very good singer once.
Tom was actually able to swim across the river.
Tom was actually early.
Tom was actually going to do that.
Tom was actually here last Monday.
Tom was actually here tonight.
Tom was actually living in Australia at that time.
Tom was actually not a very good student in high school.
Tom was actually not the one who did that.
Tom was actually rather relieved to hear that.
Tom was actually sick.
Tom was actually skinny before he got married.
Tom was actually supposed to meet me at 2:30.
Tom was actually the one who did that.
Tom was actually the one who helped me.
Tom was actually the only one who didn't do that.
Tom was actually there.
Tom was actually very busy that day.
Tom was actually very sick.
Tom was adamant.
Tom was addicted to cheese.
Tom was addicted to porn, but he recovered and never watched it again.
Tom was addicted to sex.
Tom was addicted.
Tom was adept at churning out quality content quickly.
Tom was admiring my new car at the time the truck crashed into it.
Tom was admitted into the hospital.
Tom was admitted to a mental hospital.
Tom was admitted to hospital last night.
Tom was admitted to hospital.
Tom was admitted to the ICU.
Tom was admitted to the club.
Tom was adopted by a couple in Boston when he was three years old.
Tom was adopted by a couple in Boston when he was three.
Tom was adopted by a rich American family.
Tom was adopted when he was three years old.
Tom was adopted when he was three.
Tom was adopted.
Tom was adventurous.
Tom was advised by Mary not to go there by himself.
Tom was advised by his doctor to give up drinking.
Tom was advised by his teacher to be more careful.
Tom was advised never to do that again.
Tom was advised not to do that.
Tom was advised not to go there alone.
Tom was advised not to go there by himself.
Tom was advised to give up smoking.
Tom was advised to reset the password.
Tom was advised, for medical reasons, to cut back on his workload.
Tom was affected by the break-up.
Tom was affected.
Tom was afraid Mary might change her mind.
Tom was afraid Mary might poke her eye out, so he told her to be careful.
Tom was afraid Mary was going to die.
Tom was afraid Mary would laugh at him.
Tom was afraid Mary would say no.
Tom was afraid Mary would shoot him.
Tom was afraid Mary wouldn't believe him.
Tom was afraid Mary wouldn't notice him.
Tom was afraid Mary wouldn’t believe him.
Tom was afraid everybody would laugh at him.
Tom was afraid everyone would laugh at him.
Tom was afraid for his life.
Tom was afraid he had hurt Mary's feelings.
Tom was afraid he might be deported.
Tom was afraid he might be disqualified.
Tom was afraid he might be evicted.
Tom was afraid he might be expelled from school.
Tom was afraid he might be expelled.
Tom was afraid he might be fired.
Tom was afraid he might be laid off.
Tom was afraid he might bleed to death.
Tom was afraid he might do something he'd regret.
Tom was afraid he might get deported.
Tom was afraid he might get evicted.
Tom was afraid he might get expelled from school.
Tom was afraid he might get expelled.
Tom was afraid he might get fired.
Tom was afraid he might get laid off.
Tom was afraid he might not be able to do that correctly.
Tom was afraid he might not be able to do that.
Tom was afraid he was going to die.
Tom was afraid he was going to look stupid.
Tom was afraid he would hurt Mary's feelings.
Tom was afraid he'd be eaten by a monster.
Tom was afraid he'd be late.
Tom was afraid he'd get caught.
Tom was afraid he'd lost his key.
Tom was afraid his car would break down.
Tom was afraid his parents would start asking him questions and he would end up telling them everything.
Tom was afraid his parents would start asking him questions and that he would end up telling them everything.
Tom was afraid his parents would start asking him questions.
Tom was afraid of Mary's temper.
Tom was afraid of Mary.
Tom was afraid of Mary’s temper.
Tom was afraid of angering his wife.
Tom was afraid of being alone.
Tom was afraid of being captured by the enemy.
Tom was afraid of being embarrassed.
Tom was afraid of being hurt again.
Tom was afraid of being laughed at.
Tom was afraid of being rejected.
Tom was afraid of catching a cold.
Tom was afraid of cats when he was a child.
Tom was afraid of cats when he was younger.
Tom was afraid of everyone.
Tom was afraid of failure.
Tom was afraid of germs and washed his hands every time he touched the hotel's remote.
Tom was afraid of getting caught.
Tom was afraid of getting fired.
Tom was afraid of getting in trouble if he told Mary where he had really been.
Tom was afraid of hurting Mary's feelings.
Tom was afraid of hurting Mary.
Tom was afraid of making a mistake.
Tom was afraid of me.
Tom was afraid of that.
Tom was afraid of the answer.
Tom was afraid of the dog at the gate, so he didn't enter.
Tom was afraid of the dog.
Tom was afraid of the prospect of failure.
Tom was afraid of the snake.
Tom was afraid of the storm.
Tom was afraid of us.
Tom was afraid of waking the baby.
Tom was afraid of what his friends would think.
Tom was afraid of what might happen to him and his family.
Tom was afraid of what might happen to his family.
Tom was afraid of what people would think.
Tom was afraid of you.
Tom was afraid people might laugh at Mary.
Tom was afraid people might laugh at him.
Tom was afraid people would laugh at him.
Tom was afraid somebody would recognize him.
Tom was afraid someone would recognize him.
Tom was afraid someone would see Mary.
Tom was afraid someone would see him.
Tom was afraid that Mary might change her mind.
Tom was afraid that Mary might poke her eye out, so he told her to be careful.
Tom was afraid that Mary was going to die.
Tom was afraid that Mary would laugh at him.
Tom was afraid that Mary would say "no."
Tom was afraid that Mary would say no.
Tom was afraid that Mary would shoot him.
Tom was afraid that Mary wouldn't believe him.
Tom was afraid that Mary wouldn't notice him.
Tom was afraid that he had overplayed his hand.
Tom was afraid that he might be deported.
Tom was afraid that he might be disqualified.
Tom was afraid that he might be evicted.
Tom was afraid that he might be expelled from school.
Tom was afraid that he might be expelled.
Tom was afraid that he might be fired.
Tom was afraid that he might be laid off.
Tom was afraid that he might get deported.
Tom was afraid that he might get evicted.
Tom was afraid that he might get expelled from school.
Tom was afraid that he might get expelled.
Tom was afraid that he might get fired.
Tom was afraid that he might get laid off.
Tom was afraid that he might look stupid.
Tom was afraid that he might lose everything.
Tom was afraid that he was about to lose everything.
Tom was afraid that he was going to look stupid if he asked a question.
Tom was afraid that he was going to look stupid.
Tom was afraid that he was going to make a mistake.
Tom was afraid that he would not make any friends at his new school.
Tom was afraid that he wouldn't get to school on time.
Tom was afraid that he'd fall down.
Tom was afraid that he'd get caught.
Tom was afraid that he'd get lost.
Tom was afraid that he'd just made the worst mistake of his life.
Tom was afraid that his father would find out what he had done.
Tom was afraid that his parents would start asking him questions and he would end up telling them everything.
Tom was afraid that his parents would start asking him questions and that he would end up telling them everything.
Tom was afraid that his parents would start asking him questions.
Tom was afraid that no one would come to his party.
Tom was afraid that no one would show up for the party.
Tom was afraid that people were going to say bad things about him.
Tom was afraid that people would judge him.
Tom was afraid that people would laugh at him.
Tom was afraid that somebody would hear him.
Tom was afraid that somebody would recognize him.
Tom was afraid that someone would find out about his past.
Tom was afraid that someone would recognize him.
Tom was afraid that the police might arrest Mary.
Tom was afraid that the police might arrest him.
Tom was afraid that the police might want to arrest him.
Tom was afraid that the typhoon would damage his house.
Tom was afraid that they'd lock him up and throw away the key.
Tom was afraid that they’d lock him up and throw away the key.
Tom was afraid that you'd get lost.
Tom was afraid that you'd say no.
Tom was afraid the police might arrest him.
Tom was afraid the teacher saw him copying on the test.
Tom was afraid to answer.
Tom was afraid to ask Mary's father's permission to marry her.
Tom was afraid to ask for help.
Tom was afraid to ask.
Tom was afraid to be funny.
Tom was afraid to be here.
Tom was afraid to cross the road.
Tom was afraid to cross the street.
Tom was afraid to die.
Tom was afraid to do anything.
Tom was afraid to do it by himself.
Tom was afraid to do that alone.
Tom was afraid to do that.
Tom was afraid to even try to do that.
Tom was afraid to fail.
Tom was afraid to get his clothes dirty.
Tom was afraid to go back home.
Tom was afraid to go home.
Tom was afraid to go into the cave by himself.
Tom was afraid to go into the cave.
Tom was afraid to go there by himself.
Tom was afraid to go to sleep.
Tom was afraid to jump off the cliff.
Tom was afraid to laugh.
Tom was afraid to leave his house.
Tom was afraid to make a speech.
Tom was afraid to make the first move.
Tom was afraid to move.
Tom was afraid to say anything.
Tom was afraid to say no.
Tom was afraid to say too much.
Tom was afraid to show his father his report card.
Tom was afraid to speak French.
Tom was afraid to speak at the meeting.
Tom was afraid to speak up.
Tom was afraid to speak.
Tom was afraid to stand on the edge of the cliff.
Tom was afraid to stand on the edge.
Tom was afraid to stay in the cave.
Tom was afraid to swim.
Tom was afraid to talk to Mary.
Tom was afraid to talk.
Tom was afraid to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom was afraid to tell his parents about what had happened.
Tom was afraid to tell his parents that he'd been kicked out of school.
Tom was afraid to tell his parents that he'd flunked three classes.
Tom was afraid to tell his parents what had happened.
Tom was afraid to tell his parents.
Tom was afraid to tell the truth.
Tom was afraid to travel alone.
Tom was afraid to walk through the woods alone.
Tom was afraid to walk through the woods at night.
Tom was afraid to walk through the woods by himself.
Tom was afraid to walk through the woods.
Tom was afraid you'd say no.
Tom was afraid, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was afraid, wasn't he?
Tom was afraid.
Tom was after Mary.
Tom was against hiring Mary.
Tom was against it.
Tom was aggravated.
Tom was aggressive.
Tom was agitated.
Tom was aiming a gun at Mary.
Tom was aiming his pistol at Mary when John shot him.
Tom was airlifted to the hospital.
Tom was alarmed.
Tom was alert.
Tom was alerted.
Tom was alive.
Tom was all Mary had left.
Tom was all alone in the house.
Tom was all alone.
Tom was all by himself.
Tom was all choked up about it.
Tom was all ears.
Tom was all right.
Tom was all smiles.
Tom was all wet.
Tom was all worn out.
Tom was all wrong.
Tom was allegedly at the zoo.
Tom was allowed inside.
Tom was allowed to ask some questions.
Tom was allowed to do that.
Tom was allowed to do whatever he wanted.
Tom was allowed to drive.
Tom was allowed to eat as much he wanted to.
Tom was allowed to eat as much he wanted.
Tom was allowed to help Mary.
Tom was allowed to leave.
Tom was allowed to meet Mary.
Tom was allowed to sleep.
Tom was allowed to speak at the meeting.
Tom was allowed to stay.
Tom was allowed to tell Mary everything he knew.
Tom was allowed to visit his father in prison.
Tom was almost as surprised as Mary.
Tom was almost as young as Mary.
Tom was almost asleep.
Tom was almost blind.
Tom was almost caught while he was stealing money from the cash register.
Tom was almost crushed by the tree that he was cutting down.
Tom was almost dead when we found him.
Tom was almost frozen to death in the snow.
Tom was almost hit by a bicycle.
Tom was almost hit by a car.
Tom was almost hit by a truck.
Tom was almost hit by the ball.
Tom was almost hoping he was wrong.
Tom was almost in tears.
Tom was almost injured.
Tom was almost killed in the accident.
Tom was almost killed today.
Tom was almost killed yesterday.
Tom was almost killed.
Tom was almost late for school.
Tom was almost late for work.
Tom was almost murdered.
Tom was almost right.
Tom was almost run over by a car today.
Tom was almost run over by a car.
Tom was almost run over by a dump truck.
Tom was almost run over by a truck.
Tom was almost run over.
Tom was almost thirty minutes late.
Tom was almost thirty when I first met him.
Tom was almost thirty years old when I first met him.
Tom was almost three hours late.
Tom was almost unbeatable.
Tom was alone and helpless.
Tom was alone at home.
Tom was alone at the time.
Tom was alone in his car.
Tom was alone in his cell.
Tom was alone in his room.
Tom was alone in the dark.
Tom was alone in the house.
Tom was alone in the kitchen.
Tom was alone in the room.
Tom was alone last night at the bar.
Tom was alone most of the time.
Tom was alone on Friday night.
Tom was alone on Monday night.
Tom was alone on Valentine's Day.
Tom was alone on an empty beach.
Tom was alone on the island.
Tom was alone on the night of October 20th.
Tom was alone on the park bench.
Tom was alone on the train.
Tom was alone there.
Tom was alone when Mary and John walked in.
Tom was alone with his dog in the house.
Tom was alone with his dog.
Tom was alone.
Tom was aloof.
Tom was already asleep by the time I got home.
Tom was already asleep when I got here.
Tom was already asleep when I got home.
Tom was already asleep when Mary got home.
Tom was already asleep.
Tom was already at work.
Tom was already awake.
Tom was already dead by the time the ambulance got there.
Tom was already dead by the time we got there.
Tom was already dead when he hanged himself.
Tom was already dead when police arrived.
Tom was already dead when the ambulance arrived.
Tom was already dead.
Tom was already doing that when I got here.
Tom was already doing that when I got there.
Tom was already drinking his third beer before Mary had even finished her first.
Tom was already drunk.
Tom was already finished with life and was ready for the end; then Maria stepped into his life.
Tom was already gone by the time we got there.
Tom was already halfway to his car when Mary shouted at him to come back.
Tom was already here when I got here.
Tom was already here.
Tom was already in his pajamas.
Tom was already in his room.
Tom was already in love with Mary.
Tom was already in the classroom when I got there.
Tom was already planning to do that.
Tom was already pretty drunk.
Tom was already really drunk.
Tom was already there by the time I got there.
Tom was already up.
Tom was already waiting for us in the bar.
Tom was already waiting for us in the pub.
Tom was also a taxi driver.
Tom was also a witness to that.
Tom was also arrested.
Tom was also at the beach.
Tom was also at the meeting.
Tom was also drunk.
Tom was also having fun.
Tom was also hurt.
Tom was also in the car.
Tom was also killed.
Tom was also mentioned in the book.
Tom was also offended.
Tom was also on the bus.
Tom was also passionate about life.
Tom was also present at that meeting.
Tom was also present at the meeting.
Tom was also present.
Tom was also severely injured.
Tom was also shot in the leg.
Tom was also shot.
Tom was also there.
Tom was also very sorry.
Tom was always a big walker.
Tom was always a dreamer.
Tom was always a golfer.
Tom was always a mama's boy.
Tom was always a quiet child.
Tom was always able to answer all the questions.
Tom was always absent.
Tom was always at the top of the class.
Tom was always available when you needed him.
Tom was always busy.
Tom was always different from other children.
Tom was always different from the other kids.
Tom was always different.
Tom was always doing that.
Tom was always drawing something.
Tom was always encouraging.
Tom was always fair.
Tom was always good to his kids.
Tom was always great to me.
Tom was always happy.
Tom was always in charge.
Tom was always in trouble.
Tom was always jealous of his younger brother because he knew Jack was their mother's blue-eyed boy.
Tom was always jealous of his younger brother because he knew Jack was their mother’s blue-eyed boy.
Tom was always kind of strange.
Tom was always kind.
Tom was always lazy.
Tom was always like that.
Tom was always mean to Mary.
Tom was always nonjudgmental.
Tom was always on time.
Tom was always one step ahead of me.
Tom was always quarreling with his parents back then.
Tom was always ready to help anyone who needed help.
Tom was always secretive.
Tom was always shy around girls.
Tom was always smart.
Tom was always so cheerful.
Tom was always so unpredictable.
Tom was always such a happy boy.
Tom was always the runt of the group, so everyone picked on him.
Tom was always the smallest in the class until John arrived, who was half a head shorter.
Tom was always the smallest in the class until John, who was half a head shorter, arrived.
Tom was always the smart one.
Tom was always the strong one.
Tom was always there for me.
Tom was always there.
Tom was always tight.
Tom was always trying to get Mary to do things for him.
Tom was always very headstrong.
Tom was always very nice to me.
Tom was always very secretive.
Tom was always willing to help others.
Tom was always willing to help.
Tom was always with Mary.
Tom was always with me.
Tom was always working.
Tom was amazed at the huge amount of his personal information which had been gleaned by Google based on his internet usage.
Tom was amazed by Mary's acrobatics skills.
Tom was amazed by the stunning landscape of the Canary Islands.
Tom was amazed to see Mary's elaborate and upswept coiffure for her high school reunion. He wondered if, despite her very real accomplishments, she might still be at heart somewhat insecure, vain and egotistical.
Tom was amazed.
Tom was amazing.
Tom was amazingly courageous.
Tom was ambitious.
Tom was ambushed.
Tom was among the few who stayed and helped.
Tom was among the few who survived.
Tom was among the guests.
Tom was among those arrested.
Tom was amused by the joke.
Tom was amused by what he saw.
Tom was amused by what was going on, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was amused by what was going on.
Tom was amused, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was amused.
Tom was amusing.
Tom was an Eagle Scout.
Tom was an English teacher in Guangzhou, China.
Tom was an Olympic swimmer.
Tom was an absolute angel.
Tom was an abstract artist.
Tom was an absurd peasant. He would walk through his plot, feeling the tomatoes to see if they were ripe, with his Nike sneakers, his latest-generation phone and his Rolex.
Tom was an accident waiting to happen.
Tom was an accomplice to the attack on his own bank.
Tom was an accomplished poet writing in French, but when he spoke, no one could understand him because he had a strong accent.
Tom was an accomplished poet writing in French; when he spoke, however, no one could understand him on account of his strong accent.
Tom was an accomplished poet.
Tom was an accountant.
Tom was an actor.
Tom was an addict.
Tom was an adventurer.
Tom was an adventurous boy.
Tom was an alcoholic.
Tom was an altar boy.
Tom was an amazing person.
Tom was an ambulance driver in the war.
Tom was an angry young man and now he is a slightly less angry older man.
Tom was an animal trainer until a horrible accident.
Tom was an architect.
Tom was an army brat.
Tom was an art student.
Tom was an artilleryman.
Tom was an artist.
Tom was an assistant professor.
Tom was an astute businessman who made a lot of money.
Tom was an attorney.
Tom was an auto mechanic.
Tom was an average dog.
Tom was an awkward kid.
Tom was an early investor in Facebook.
Tom was an easy target for them.
Tom was an electrical engineer.
Tom was an elementary school music teacher before he became a studio musician.
Tom was an embittered old man who was weary of life.
Tom was an enthusiastic supporter of the project.
Tom was an environmentalist and organic gardener before those terms came into use.
Tom was an environmentalist and organic gardener before those terms started to be used.
Tom was an environmentalist and organic gardener before those terms were invented.
Tom was an evil man.
Tom was an excellent MC at his friend's wedding reception, and a great night was had by all.
Tom was an excellent singer.
Tom was an excellent student.
Tom was an exception.
Tom was an exceptional leader.
Tom was an exchange student.
Tom was an expert at doing that.
Tom was an expert horseman.
Tom was an expert in domestic abuse.
Tom was an extraordinary man.
Tom was an honest man.
Tom was an honorable man.
Tom was an idiot.
Tom was an imbecile.
Tom was an incredibly talented person.
Tom was an innocent bystander.
Tom was an innocent victim of circumstance.
Tom was an innovator.
Tom was an intelligent man.
Tom was an intergalactic genius who, within the space of just a few short seconds of concentration, could absorb telepathically all the languages on Earth and then speak them better than any native.
Tom was an interpreter.
Tom was an inventor.
Tom was an obstinate boy.
Tom was an only child.
Tom was an ordinary teacher, who had pleasure, above all, in exposing his students.
Tom was an orphan.
Tom was an outcast.
Tom was an outsider.
Tom was an outstanding coach.
Tom was an overachiever.
Tom was an unathletic child.
Tom was an underachieving student.
Tom was an undisciplined pupil.
Tom was an unemployed, middle-aged man with a comb-over.
Tom was an uninvited guest.
Tom was an unruly student.
Tom was angrier than I expected him to be.
Tom was angry about that.
Tom was angry all the time.
Tom was angry and confused.
Tom was angry at Mary because she parked in his space.
Tom was angry at Mary for leaving their children unattended.
Tom was angry at Mary.
Tom was angry at himself.
Tom was angry at me for not coming.
Tom was angry because I didn't agree with him.
Tom was angry because I didn't help him paint the fence.
Tom was angry because I had insulted Mary.
Tom was angry because I wouldn't give him any help.
Tom was angry because Mary was ignoring him.
Tom was angry because he hadn't been invited to Mary's party.
Tom was angry because he'd been kept waiting.
Tom was angry because of what Mary said.
Tom was angry beyond belief.
Tom was angry for a long time.
Tom was angry to find the door locked.
Tom was angry when he found out that he was getting paid less than Mary.
Tom was angry when he found the door locked.
Tom was angry with Mary because she was in his parking space.
Tom was angry with Mary.
Tom was angry with himself for being late.
Tom was angry with himself.
Tom was angry with his son.
Tom was angry with his wife.
Tom was angry with me.
Tom was angry, Mary was even angrier, and John was the angriest.
Tom was angry, and Mary was much angrier, but John was angriest of all.
Tom was angry, and so was Mary.
Tom was angry, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was angry.
Tom was angry. That's why he didn't say anything.
Tom was angry. That's why he remained silent.
Tom was annoyed at being disturbed.
Tom was annoyed at the interruption.
Tom was annoyed because he'd been kept waiting.
Tom was annoyed by Mary's behavior.
Tom was annoyed by Mary's silence.
Tom was annoyed by Mary.
Tom was annoyed by what Mary was doing.
Tom was annoyed, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was annoyed.
Tom was annoying Mary.
Tom was annoying and I was annoyed.
Tom was annoying.
Tom was anxious about his children's health.
Tom was anxious about his job.
Tom was anxious all the time.
Tom was anxious for help.
Tom was anxious to do so.
Tom was anxious to do that.
Tom was anxious to go.
Tom was anxious to know the exam results.
Tom was anxious to know the news.
Tom was anxious to leave.
Tom was anxious to meet you.
Tom was anxious to please his mother.
Tom was anxious to see his family.
Tom was anxious to win.
Tom was anxious.
Tom was apologetic.
Tom was appalled by what Mary did.
Tom was appalled.
Tom was apparently drunk.
Tom was apparently in Australia last month.
Tom was apparently in Australia last winter.
Tom was apparently in Boston last month.
Tom was apparently in Boston last winter.
Tom was apparently murdered while he was sleeping.
Tom was apparently murdered.
Tom was apparently very convincing.
Tom was appointed by the governor.
Tom was appointed manager.
Tom was appointed postmaster.
Tom was appointed shortly after.
Tom was appointed superintendent.
Tom was appreciative.
Tom was apprehended in Boston.
Tom was apprehensive about walking home alone after the party.
Tom was approaching thirty when I first met him.
Tom was appropriately dressed.
Tom was approved unanimously.
Tom was arguing with Mary on the phone.
Tom was arguing with Mary.
Tom was arguing with me.
Tom was arguing with one of the sailors about something.
Tom was armed to the teeth.
Tom was armed with a kitchen knife.
Tom was armed with a knife.
Tom was armed with a machete.
Tom was armed with a pistol.
Tom was armed with an assault rifle.
Tom was armed.
Tom was around a lot.
Tom was around most of the day.
Tom was around thirteen at that time.
Tom was around thirteen year old at that time.
Tom was arrested Monday afternoon.
Tom was arrested Monday evening.
Tom was arrested Monday night.
Tom was arrested Monday.
Tom was arrested and charged with culpable driving.
Tom was arrested and charged with first degree murder.
Tom was arrested and charged with murder.
Tom was arrested and charged with the murder.
Tom was arrested and handcuffed.
Tom was arrested and immediately taken to headquarters.
Tom was arrested and jailed.
Tom was arrested and put in jail.
Tom was arrested and thrown in jail.
Tom was arrested as a suspect in a criminal case.
Tom was arrested as he was leaving his house.
Tom was arrested at his home.
Tom was arrested at the scene.
Tom was arrested before he could board the plane.
Tom was arrested before he had finished his beer.
Tom was arrested before he'd finished his beer.
Tom was arrested by a plainclothes police officer.
Tom was arrested by an off-duty police officer.
Tom was arrested by mistake.
Tom was arrested by the police.
Tom was arrested by the supermarket security guards after he stole a bottle of tomato sauce worth €0.85.
Tom was arrested driving a stolen car.
Tom was arrested earlier this year.
Tom was arrested early Monday.
Tom was arrested for aggravated assault and mayhem.
Tom was arrested for aggravated assault.
Tom was arrested for arson.
Tom was arrested for assault.
Tom was arrested for attempted murder.
Tom was arrested for being drunk and disorderly.
Tom was arrested for carrying 30 grams of cocaine.
Tom was arrested for committing road rage.
Tom was arrested for concealing identity.
Tom was arrested for disorderly conduct.
Tom was arrested for doing that.
Tom was arrested for driving under the influence.
Tom was arrested for driving while drunk.
Tom was arrested for driving while intoxicated.
Tom was arrested for driving without a licence.
Tom was arrested for driving without a license.
Tom was arrested for drug possession.
Tom was arrested for drunk driving.
Tom was arrested for drunken driving.
Tom was arrested for heroin possession.
Tom was arrested for impersonating a police officer.
Tom was arrested for inciting an insurrection.
Tom was arrested for insider trading.
Tom was arrested for kidnapping.
Tom was arrested for murder.
Tom was arrested for possession of Molotov cocktails.
Tom was arrested for public drunkenness.
Tom was arrested for public indecency.
Tom was arrested for public intoxication.
Tom was arrested for reckless driving.
Tom was arrested for resisting arrest.
Tom was arrested for selling stolen goods.
Tom was arrested for shoplifting.
Tom was arrested for speeding.
Tom was arrested for stealing a car.
Tom was arrested for stealing a napkin at a restaurant.
Tom was arrested for the murder of Mary.
Tom was arrested for theft.
Tom was arrested immediately.
Tom was arrested in 2013.
Tom was arrested in Australia.
Tom was arrested in Boston for shoplifting.
Tom was arrested in Boston last week.
Tom was arrested in Boston three days ago.
Tom was arrested in Boston yesterday afternoon.
Tom was arrested in Boston yesterday.
Tom was arrested in Boston.
Tom was arrested in October of 2013.
Tom was arrested in October.
Tom was arrested in a nearby town.
Tom was arrested in a stolen car.
Tom was arrested in the middle of the night.
Tom was arrested in the next town.
Tom was arrested just as he was boarding the plane.
Tom was arrested last Monday.
Tom was arrested last month.
Tom was arrested last night.
Tom was arrested last week.
Tom was arrested last year.
Tom was arrested later that morning.
Tom was arrested on Monday.
Tom was arrested on October 20th.
Tom was arrested on a charge of blackmail.
Tom was arrested on a drug-related charge.
Tom was arrested on drug-trafficking charges.
Tom was arrested on his birthday.
Tom was arrested on his honeymoon.
Tom was arrested on his way home from work.
Tom was arrested on his wedding day.
Tom was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving.
Tom was arrested on the spot.
Tom was arrested on unspecified charges.
Tom was arrested right at his workplace.
Tom was arrested right away. Mary wasn't arrested until three months later.
Tom was arrested soon after Mary was.
Tom was arrested that evening.
Tom was arrested the next day.
Tom was arrested the same day I was.
Tom was arrested the same day.
Tom was arrested three days ago.
Tom was arrested three days later.
Tom was arrested three weeks ago.
Tom was arrested three years after he murdered Mary.
Tom was arrested three years ago.
Tom was arrested trying to board a ferry to France.
Tom was arrested when he crossed the border.
Tom was arrested within hours.
Tom was arrested without incident.
Tom was arrested yesterday afternoon and spent the night in jail.
Tom was arrested yesterday afternoon.
Tom was arrested yesterday.
Tom was arrested, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was arrested, convicted and deported.
Tom was arrested, too.
Tom was arrested, tried, and beheaded for betrayal.
Tom was arrested.
Tom was arrogant.
Tom was articulate.
Tom was as busy as I was.
Tom was as busy as Mary was.
Tom was as busy as Mary.
Tom was as busy as me.
Tom was as busy as you were.
Tom was as drunk as Mary was.
Tom was as drunk as a skunk that last time I saw him.
Tom was as drunk as a skunk the last time I saw him.
Tom was as drunk as a skunk the last time that I saw him.
Tom was as drunk as a skunk.
Tom was as excited as a schoolboy.
Tom was as fast as I was.
Tom was as fast as me.
Tom was as good as his word.
Tom was as handsome as Mary said he was.
Tom was as helpful as Mary was.
Tom was as high as a kite.
Tom was as impatient as Mary was.
Tom was as naked as a jaybird.
Tom was as naked as the day he was born.
Tom was as nervous as I was.
Tom was as nervous as Mary was.
Tom was as nervous as Mary.
Tom was as pale as a sheet.
Tom was as poor as a church mouse.
Tom was as prepared as Mary was.
Tom was as proud as a peacock.
Tom was as scared as I was.
Tom was as scared as Mary.
Tom was as sober as a judge.
Tom was as surprised as I was.
Tom was as surprised as Mary was.
Tom was as surprised as anyone.
Tom was as surprised as everybody else.
Tom was as surprised as everyone else.
Tom was as thin as a rail when he was a boy.
Tom was as thin as a rail when he was a child.
Tom was as thin as a rail when he was a kid.
Tom was as white as a ghost.
Tom was as white as a sheet.
Tom was ashamed of himself.
Tom was ashamed of his children's behavior.
Tom was ashamed of his ignorance.
Tom was ashamed of you.
Tom was ashamed to tell anybody what happened.
Tom was ashamed to tell anybody what he did.
Tom was ashamed.
Tom was asked a question he couldn't answer.
Tom was asked a question that he couldn't answer.
Tom was asked by Mary to leave the room.
Tom was asked by Mary to mow the lawn.
Tom was asked if he thought he could do that.
Tom was asked not to do that again.
Tom was asked not to do that anymore.
Tom was asked not to speak at the meeting.
Tom was asked to appear on television.
Tom was asked to be best man at Mary's brother's wedding.
Tom was asked to do some things he didn't want to do.
Tom was asked to do some things that he didn't want to do.
Tom was asked to do that for Mary.
Tom was asked to do that today.
Tom was asked to do that.
Tom was asked to give Mary some money.
Tom was asked to give a speech.
Tom was asked to go back home.
Tom was asked to go undercover.
Tom was asked to leave that place.
Tom was asked to leave the meeting.
Tom was asked to leave.
Tom was asked to prepare a PowerPoint presentation.
Tom was asked to prepare a ten-minute presentation.
Tom was asked to resign.
Tom was asked to return to Australia.
Tom was asked to return.
Tom was asked to sing a couple of songs.
Tom was asked to speak at a college event, which ignited in him a passion for activism.
Tom was asked to submit documentary evidence to support his application.
Tom was asked to take a lie detector test.
Tom was asked to the party.
Tom was asking Vladimir about his working experience.
Tom was asking about that, too.
Tom was asking about you.
Tom was asking for forgiveness.
Tom was asking for help.
Tom was asking for it.
Tom was asking for something.
Tom was asking for that.
Tom was asking questions.
Tom was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
Tom was asleep at that time.
Tom was asleep at the time of the murder.
Tom was asleep by the time I got home.
Tom was asleep by the time Mary got home.
Tom was asleep half the time.
Tom was asleep in bed, snoring slightly.
Tom was asleep in bed.
Tom was asleep in front of the TV when I got home.
Tom was asleep in front of the TV.
Tom was asleep in his car.
Tom was asleep in his own bedroom.
Tom was asleep in his quarters.
Tom was asleep in his room.
Tom was asleep in the hammock, snoring quietly.
Tom was asleep on duty.
Tom was asleep on the bunk.
Tom was asleep on the couch when I got home.
Tom was asleep on the couch when I walked into the living room.
Tom was asleep on the couch, snoring loudly.
Tom was asleep on the couch.
Tom was asleep on the living room couch.
Tom was asleep on the living room sofa.
Tom was asleep on the sofa.
Tom was asleep when I dropped by.
Tom was asleep when I got home.
Tom was asleep when I left.
Tom was asleep when Mary came over to visit.
Tom was asleep when Mary knocked on the door.
Tom was asleep when Mary rang the doorbell.
Tom was asleep when he was shot.
Tom was asleep when the doorbell rang.
Tom was asleep when we got home.
Tom was asleep, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was asleep.
Tom was assaulted.
Tom was asserting, judging by the verb in front of him, that the sentence was past tense, while Mary, seeing the gerundive under her eyes, was swearing it was a present.
Tom was assertive.
Tom was assessed by the selection committee as fully meeting all criteria for the job.
Tom was assigned that task.
Tom was assigned the task.
Tom was assigned to Boston.
Tom was assigned to child care duty at the camp.
Tom was assisted by Mary.
Tom was astonished by what he saw.
Tom was astonished, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was astonished.
Tom was astounded and fascinated by what he saw there.
Tom was astounded.
Tom was at Harvard the same time I was.
Tom was at Mary's baptism.
Tom was at Mary's funeral.
Tom was at Mary's house all day today.
Tom was at Mary's house on Monday afternoon.
Tom was at Mary's house yesterday.
Tom was at Mary's house.
Tom was at Mary's party.
Tom was at Mary's place.
Tom was at Mary's.
Tom was at a distinct disadvantage against his much younger opponent.
Tom was at a family reunion.
Tom was at a loose end, so he went to the pub for a few beers.
Tom was at a loss as to what to do next.
Tom was at a loss as to what to do.
Tom was at a loss for an answer.
Tom was at a loss for words.
Tom was at a loss how to express himself.
Tom was at a loss to explain where the money had gone.
Tom was at a loss what to do next.
Tom was at a loss what to say next.
Tom was at a loss which way to go.
Tom was at a party last night.
Tom was at a party three nights ago.
Tom was at all the lectures.
Tom was at an AA meeting.
Tom was at an aikido lesson.
Tom was at church last Sunday.
Tom was at fault.
Tom was at his desk just a minute ago.
Tom was at his desk just a minute ago. I wonder where he went.
Tom was at his desk.
Tom was at his ex-wife's house at the time his wife was murdered.
Tom was at his home the day Mary was murdered.
Tom was at his office.
Tom was at his wit's end.
Tom was at home Monday afternoon.
Tom was at home all day yesterday.
Tom was at home all day.
Tom was at home all night.
Tom was at home alone.
Tom was at home at that time.
Tom was at home at the time.
Tom was at home by himself all day.
Tom was at home last night.
Tom was at home on Monday, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was at home that night.
Tom was at home the whole day.
Tom was at home this afternoon.
Tom was at home today.
Tom was at home when Mary called him.
Tom was at home when that happened.
Tom was at home with Mary last night.
Tom was at home yesterday.
Tom was at home, wasn't he?
Tom was at home.
Tom was at loss for words.
Tom was at my house yesterday.
Tom was at my house, too.
Tom was at my office today.
Tom was at my side when it happened.
Tom was at school all day.
Tom was at school last Monday.
Tom was at school on Monday.
Tom was at school on October 20th.
Tom was at school that day.
Tom was at school today.
Tom was at school when Mary called him.
Tom was at school yesterday, wasn't he?
Tom was at school yesterday.
Tom was at school.
Tom was at the airport when the bomb exploded.
Tom was at the bakery, buying donuts.
Tom was at the bakery.
Tom was at the bar.
Tom was at the beach.
Tom was at the bus stop ten minutes before the bus arrived.
Tom was at the bus stop, waiting.
Tom was at the cemetery.
Tom was at the club yesterday.
Tom was at the concert.
Tom was at the counter.
Tom was at the doctor's all morning.
Tom was at the doctor's this morning.
Tom was at the end of his rope.
Tom was at the end of the line.
Tom was at the funeral too.
Tom was at the game.
Tom was at the gym all afternoon.
Tom was at the gym at 2:30 this afternoon.
Tom was at the gym for three hours yesterday.
Tom was at the hospital the night Mary died.
Tom was at the hospital when Mary died.
Tom was at the hotel.
Tom was at the library.
Tom was at the liquor store.
Tom was at the mall.
Tom was at the meeting as well.
Tom was at the meeting, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was at the meeting, too.
Tom was at the meeting.
Tom was at the monastery.
Tom was at the museum.
Tom was at the nightclub the night it burned down.
Tom was at the nightclub the night that it burned down.
Tom was at the party and he drove me home.
Tom was at the party for a long time.
Tom was at the party last night.
Tom was at the party until the very end.
Tom was at the party, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was at the party, wasn't he?
Tom was at the party.
Tom was at the point of entering college.
Tom was at the police station for three hours.
Tom was at the pub with his friends last night.
Tom was at the pub.
Tom was at the right place at the right time.
Tom was at the scene of the accident, wasn't he?
Tom was at the scene of the crime.
Tom was at the sink washing dishes.
Tom was at the station, waiting for Mary.
Tom was at the supermarket. He had a small girl with him. It was his daughter.
Tom was at the top of his class.
Tom was at the wheel.
Tom was at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tom was at work when Mary called him.
Tom was at work when Mary died.
Tom was at work.
Tom was attacked by Mary's sister.
Tom was attacked by a bear.
Tom was attacked by a dog.
Tom was attacked by a giant dragonfly.
Tom was attacked by a giant grandma.
Tom was attacked by a giant old lady.
Tom was attacked by a grizzly bear.
Tom was attacked by a group of men wearing masks.
Tom was attacked by a lion.
Tom was attacked by a pack of wild dogs.
Tom was attacked by a pumpkinhead.
Tom was attacked by a rabid dog.
Tom was attacked by a rabid squirrel on Halloween day.
Tom was attacked by a rabid squirrel.
Tom was attacked by a shark.
Tom was attacked by a stray dog.
Tom was attacked by a swarm of bees.
Tom was attacked by a tiger.
Tom was attacked by a wild turkey.
Tom was attacked by a wolf.
Tom was attacked by an unknown man in the subway.
Tom was attacked by wolves.
Tom was attacked.
Tom was attending an earthquake conference when Mary called him.
Tom was attentive, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was attentive.
Tom was attracted to Mary from the moment he first saw her.
Tom was attracted to Mary.
Tom was attracted to that girl. However, she wasn't attracted to Tom.
Tom was automatically logged out of Tatoeba.
Tom was available.
Tom was awake all night, thinking of Mary.
Tom was awake by the time I got there.
Tom was awake in the night, thinking about the divorce.
Tom was awake when Mary got home.
Tom was awake, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was awake, but he couldn't move.
Tom was awake.
Tom was awakened by Mary's voice.
Tom was awakened by a knock on the door.
Tom was awakened by a loud noise in the middle of the night.
Tom was awakened by the ruckus.
Tom was awakened by the sound of a woman singing.
Tom was awakened in the middle of the night by a loud noise.
Tom was awarded a knighthood.
Tom was awarded a lucrative contract.
Tom was awarded a medal.
Tom was awarded a prize.
Tom was awarded a research grant by the National Science Foundation.
Tom was awarded a special prize.
Tom was awarded the Medal of Honor.
Tom was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in recognition of his work.
Tom was aware Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom was aware Mary was in the hospital.
Tom was aware Mary was lying.
Tom was aware he was being followed.
Tom was aware he was being watched.
Tom was aware of everybody hostile feelings towards him.
Tom was aware of everyone's hostile feelings towards him.
Tom was aware of everything.
Tom was aware of his mistake.
Tom was aware of how serious the situation was.
Tom was aware of many things.
Tom was aware of our plans.
Tom was aware of our secret plan.
Tom was aware of the danger.
Tom was aware of the difficulties.
Tom was aware of the gravity of the situation.
Tom was aware of the problem.
Tom was aware of the risks.
Tom was aware of the truth.
Tom was aware of what Mary had done.
Tom was aware of what was going on.
Tom was aware of what was happening.
Tom was aware that Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom was aware that Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom was aware that Mary had already gone home.
Tom was aware that Mary had moved to Australia.
Tom was aware that Mary was lying.
Tom was aware that Mary was married.
Tom was aware that Mary was staring at him.
Tom was aware that everybody was looking at Mary.
Tom was aware that everybody was looking at him.
Tom was aware that everyone was looking at Mary.
Tom was aware that everyone was looking at him.
Tom was aware that he was being followed.
Tom was aware that he was being watched.
Tom was aware that he'd made a mistake.
Tom was aware that nobody was listening to him.
Tom was aware that someone was standing behind him.
Tom was aware that the deadline had passed.
Tom was aware that the job would be difficult.
Tom was aware that the police were looking for him.
Tom was aware that there was a problem.
Tom was aware that they were following him.
Tom was aware the police were looking for him.
Tom was aware they were watching him.
Tom was away at camp all summer.
Tom was away for three weeks.
Tom was away from his desk.
Tom was away from home all last week.
Tom was away from home at that time.
Tom was away with the fairies for a while when he woke up after his surgery.
Tom was away.
Tom was awesome.
Tom was awful to me.
Tom was awful, but he had a good heart nonetheless.
Tom was awfully bored.
Tom was awfully impressed.
Tom was awfully lonely.
Tom was awfully skinny in his teens.
Tom was awfully skinny when he was younger.
Tom was awoken by Mary singing in the next apartment.
Tom was babbling.
Tom was babysitting last night.
Tom was back at half past six.
Tom was back at half six.
Tom was back in Boston during the summer break.
Tom was back in school today.
Tom was backed into a corner.
Tom was bad.
Tom was badly beaten before being killed.
Tom was badly beaten up.
Tom was badly beaten.
Tom was badly bitten by a dog.
Tom was badly burned.
Tom was badly hurt.
Tom was badly in debt for a while, but he's on his feet again.
Tom was badly injured in a traffic accident.
Tom was badly injured.
Tom was badly shook up.
Tom was badly treated.
Tom was badly wounded.
Tom was baffled, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was baffled.
Tom was bald.
Tom was banished from his workplace.
Tom was banished from the courtroom.
Tom was banished from the town.
Tom was banned from Facebook.
Tom was baptized by triple immersion.
Tom was baptized in Boston.
Tom was baptized last week.
Tom was baptized on October 20, 2013.
Tom was baptized.
Tom was bare naked.
Tom was barefoot, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was barefoot.
Tom was barely able to breathe.
Tom was barely able to get out of bed.
Tom was barely able to keep the canoe from overturning.
Tom was barely able to keep the canoe from tipping over.
Tom was barely alive when we found him.
Tom was barely alive.
Tom was barraged with unsolicited advice.
Tom was barred from a women-only dinner.
Tom was barred from the club.
Tom was bathed in sweat.
Tom was bawled out for sleeping in class.
Tom was bawling.
Tom was beaming from ear to ear.
Tom was beat to a pulp by his father.
Tom was beat up.
Tom was beatboxing.
Tom was beaten and robbed.
Tom was beaten and strangled to death.
Tom was beaten badly.
Tom was beaten black and blue.
Tom was beaten by his father to the point of needing hospitalization.
Tom was beaten by his father.
Tom was beaten hands down by Mary.
Tom was beaten severely.
Tom was beaten to a pulp by his father.
Tom was beaten to a pulp.
Tom was beaten to death with a golf club.
Tom was beaten to death with a tire iron.
Tom was beaten to death.
Tom was beaten up by a gang.
Tom was beaten up for speaking Welsh in school.
Tom was beaten up when he came to the aid of one of his friends who was being bullied.
Tom was beaten up.
Tom was beaten very badly.
Tom was beaten with a club.
Tom was beaten within an inch of his life.
Tom was beaten.
Tom was becoming afraid.
Tom was becoming impatient.
Tom was becoming more and more afraid.
Tom was bedridden at that time.
Tom was bedridden for a week.
Tom was begging for his life.
Tom was beginning to be afraid.
Tom was beginning to feel awkward.
Tom was beginning to feel happy.
Tom was beginning to feel hungry.
Tom was beginning to feel ignored.
Tom was beginning to feel left out.
Tom was beginning to feel sleepy.
Tom was beginning to feel tired.
Tom was beginning to get desperate.
Tom was beginning to realize what was going on.
Tom was beginning to sweat profusely.
Tom was beginning to wish he had stayed in the navy.
Tom was behaving as if he were under the influence of an addictive substance.
Tom was behaving like a spoiled brat.
Tom was behaving like a spoiled child.
Tom was behaving like an idiot.
Tom was behaving oddly.
Tom was beheaded by the Taliban.
Tom was beheaded during the last days of the war.
Tom was behind Mary.
Tom was behind bars for three years.
Tom was behind bars.
Tom was behind me.
Tom was behind the bar, mixing drinks.
Tom was behind the bar.
Tom was behind the counter, pouring drinks.
Tom was behind the counter.
Tom was behind the wheel.
Tom was behind us.
Tom was being aggressive.
Tom was being blackmailed by Mary.
Tom was being blackmailed.
Tom was being bullied at school.
Tom was being bullied.
Tom was being careful.
Tom was being catfished.
Tom was being chased.
Tom was being cheated.
Tom was being coerced.
Tom was being disingenuous.
Tom was being disrespectful.
Tom was being disruptive in class.
Tom was being followed and didn't know it.
Tom was being followed by the police.
Tom was being followed.
Tom was being foolish.
Tom was being forced to do that.
Tom was being held in the county jail.
Tom was being ignored.
Tom was being lewd at the party.
Tom was being made fun of.
Tom was being manipulated and he didn't realize it.
Tom was being mean to Mary.
Tom was being naughty.
Tom was being obnoxious.
Tom was being paid by the hour.
Tom was being paid under the table.
Tom was being paid.
Tom was being paranoid.
Tom was being petty.
Tom was being polite.
Tom was being questioned by the police in the next room.
Tom was being quiet.
Tom was being rude at the meeting, insulting everyone.
Tom was being rude to Mary.
Tom was being sarcastic.
Tom was being serious.
Tom was being sick.
Tom was being stalked by a serial killer.
Tom was being stalked.
Tom was being stubborn.
Tom was being stupid then.
Tom was being taken care of by his uncle.
Tom was being tortured.
Tom was being treated at a burn unit.
Tom was being treated at the hospital.
Tom was being treated unfairly.
Tom was being uncooperative.
Tom was being very rude.
Tom was being watched.
Tom was belching at the meeting.
Tom was belligerent.
Tom was beside Mary.
Tom was beside himself with anger.
Tom was beside himself with fury.
Tom was beside himself with rage, failing to find a single example sentence on Tatoeba containing the expression "complete inhibition".
Tom was beside himself with rage.
Tom was beside himself.
Tom was best equipped for the trip of us all.
Tom was best friends with Mary.
Tom was betrayed by Mary.
Tom was betrayed.
Tom was better than I expected.
Tom was better than me.
Tom was better today.
Tom was better.
Tom was bewildered by the change.
Tom was bewildered.
Tom was beyond angry with Linda.
Tom was biased.
Tom was big.
Tom was bipolar.
Tom was biting his nails.
Tom was bitten by Mary's dog.
Tom was bitten by a banana spider.
Tom was bitten by a bat.
Tom was bitten by a cobra.
Tom was bitten by a dog when he was thirteen years old.
Tom was bitten by a dog when he was thirteen.
Tom was bitten by a dog.
Tom was bitten by a fox.
Tom was bitten by a horse.
Tom was bitten by a mad dog.
Tom was bitten by a mosquito.
Tom was bitten by a rabid animal.
Tom was bitten by a rabid dog.
Tom was bitten by a rabid squirrel.
Tom was bitten by a rattlesnake.
Tom was bitten by a snake while he was on vacation.
Tom was bitten by a snake.
Tom was bitten by a stray dog.
Tom was bitten by a venomous snake.
Tom was bitten by a wild animal.
Tom was bitten by a zombie.
Tom was bitten by mosquitoes.
Tom was bitten by my dog.
Tom was bitterly disappointed.
Tom was blacklisted.
Tom was blackmailed by Mary.
Tom was blackmailed by his ex.
Tom was blackmailing Mary.
Tom was bladdered when he did that.
Tom was blamed for everything.
Tom was blamed for something that Mary did.
Tom was blasted with a shotgun.
Tom was blasting music real loud.
Tom was bleeding heavily from a gunshot wound.
Tom was bleeding heavily.
Tom was bleeding profusely.
Tom was bleeding.
Tom was blind drunk.
Tom was blind.
Tom was blinded by love.
Tom was blinded by the oncoming car.
Tom was blinded by the sunlight when he stepped out of his house for the first time in 10 days.
Tom was blinded by the sunlight when he stepped out of the cave.
Tom was blinded by the sunlight when he stepped out of the house.
Tom was blinded by the sunlight.
Tom was blinded in a railroad accident.
Tom was blinded.
Tom was blindfolded and put in the back seat of the car.
Tom was blindfolded and taken out of his house.
Tom was blindfolded and taken out of the house.
Tom was blindfolded.
Tom was blown up by a land mine.
Tom was bludgeoned into paying the money.
Tom was bluffing.
Tom was boiling up with a fever and hallucinating.
Tom was booed by a number of audience members.
Tom was booed off stage.
Tom was booed off the stage.
Tom was booked for a late challenge on John.
Tom was bored at home alone.
Tom was bored out of his mind.
Tom was bored out of his skull.
Tom was bored stiff.
Tom was bored to death.
Tom was bored to tears by the meeting.
Tom was bored with his job.
Tom was bored with school.
Tom was bored with that.
Tom was bored, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was bored.
Tom was boring me to death.
Tom was boring, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was boring.
Tom was born October 20, 2013.
Tom was born a Canadian.
Tom was born a month premature.
Tom was born a slave.
Tom was born again.
Tom was born and brought up in Boston.
Tom was born and educated in Australia.
Tom was born and educated in Boston.
Tom was born and raised in America.
Tom was born and raised in Australia.
Tom was born and raised in Boston, Massachusetts.
Tom was born and raised in Boston.
Tom was born and raised in Japan.
Tom was born and raised in Ohio.
Tom was born and raised in a small town.
Tom was born and raised in the United States.
Tom was born and raised on a farm.
Tom was born as a preemie.
Tom was born at 2:30 a.m. on October 20th.
Tom was born at 2:30 a.m. on October twentieth.
Tom was born before Mary was.
Tom was born before Mary.
Tom was born before his twin brother was.
Tom was born before his twin brother.
Tom was born blind.
Tom was born deaf.
Tom was born during the Gay Nineties.
Tom was born half a century ago.
Tom was born here and lived here many years.
Tom was born here in Australia.
Tom was born here in Boston.
Tom was born here.
Tom was born in 2013 in Australia.
Tom was born in 2013 in Boston.
Tom was born in 2013.
Tom was born in Australia and grew up in New Zealand.
Tom was born in Australia and grew up there.
Tom was born in Australia and he grew up there.
Tom was born in Australia in 2013.
Tom was born in Australia on October 20, 2013.
Tom was born in Australia, and Mary was, too.
Tom was born in Australia, and so was Mary.
Tom was born in Australia, but now he lives in New Zealand.
Tom was born in Australia, too.
Tom was born in Australia.
Tom was born in Austria, but he built a career in California, in the United States.
Tom was born in Boston and died in Chicago.
Tom was born in Boston and grew up in Chicago.
Tom was born in Boston and he grew up in Boston.
Tom was born in Boston and he grew up there.
Tom was born in Boston but grew up in Chicago.
Tom was born in Boston but has lived most of his life in Chicago.
Tom was born in Boston in 2013.
Tom was born in Boston on October 20, 2013.
Tom was born in Boston, Alabama.
Tom was born in Boston, and Mary was born in Chicago.
Tom was born in Boston, but all his brothers were born in Chicago.
Tom was born in Boston.
Tom was born in Canada to a francophone family, but he's more comfortable using the English he learned in school.
Tom was born in Canada.
Tom was born in China and sent to the US for adoption at the age of three.
Tom was born in Denmark.
Tom was born in England. He's English. Now he lives in Russia. He has dual citizenship: English and Russian.
Tom was born in London and died in Paris.
Tom was born in London.
Tom was born in Normal, Illinois.
Tom was born in October.
Tom was born in a barn.
Tom was born in a house for unwed mothers.
Tom was born in a small town not too far from Boston.
Tom was born in a small town.
Tom was born in a stable and placed in a crib.
Tom was born in a tiny town in Alabama.
Tom was born in outer space.
Tom was born in space.
Tom was born in that hospital.
Tom was born in the 1990s.
Tom was born in the Year of the Ox.
Tom was born in the back of a taxi.
Tom was born in the nineties.
Tom was born in the same house he died in.
Tom was born in the same house that he died in.
Tom was born in the winter.
Tom was born in the wrong century.
Tom was born in this hospital.
Tom was born into a dysfunctional family.
Tom was born into a musical family.
Tom was born into a poor family.
Tom was born into a rich family.
Tom was born last October.
Tom was born last year.
Tom was born like that.
Tom was born lucky.
Tom was born missing a scapula.
Tom was born near Boston.
Tom was born nine months after the wedding.
Tom was born not too far from Boston.
Tom was born on Christmas Eve.
Tom was born on February 29th.
Tom was born on Halloween.
Tom was born on Mars.
Tom was born on May 3rd,1990 and Mary was born on May 4th, 1990.
Tom was born on May 5, 2010.
Tom was born on October 20, 2013 in Boston.
Tom was born on October 20, 2013.
Tom was born on October 20th, 2013.
Tom was born on a Monday.
Tom was born on a boat.
Tom was born on a cold winter morning.
Tom was born on a farm not too far from here.
Tom was born on a pirate ship.
Tom was born on a plane.
Tom was born on a ship.
Tom was born on a spaceship.
Tom was born on a starship.
Tom was born on an airplane.
Tom was born on the 20th of October.
Tom was born on the day Mary died.
Tom was born on the day that Mary died.
Tom was born on the same day that his grandfather died.
Tom was born on the twentieth of October.
Tom was born on third base and thinks he hit a triple.
Tom was born out of love.
Tom was born out of wedlock.
Tom was born overseas.
Tom was born premature.
Tom was born rich.
Tom was born that way.
Tom was born the day Mary died.
Tom was born the day his grandfather died.
Tom was born the day that Mary died.
Tom was born the same day as his cat.
Tom was born the year after Mary was born.
Tom was born there.
Tom was born three days before Christmas of 2013.
Tom was born three months after Mary was.
Tom was born three months after Mary.
Tom was born three months ago.
Tom was born three months before me.
Tom was born three months earlier than me.
Tom was born to a poor family.
Tom was born to be a painter.
Tom was born to be a singer.
Tom was born to be an artist.
Tom was born to teach.
Tom was born to unwed parents on October 20, 1993.
Tom was born twenty minutes before his twin brother.
Tom was born under the sign of Gemini.
Tom was born with Down's syndrome.
Tom was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
Tom was born with a tail.
Tom was bossy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was bossy.
Tom was both puzzled and concerned.
Tom was bothered by his colleague during the whole day.
Tom was bothering Mary.
Tom was bothering me.
Tom was bound and viciously beaten.
Tom was bound to find out sooner or later.
Tom was bragging.
Tom was branded a thief.
Tom was brash.
Tom was brave, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was brave.
Tom was braver than any of the other soldiers.
Tom was breaking the law.
Tom was breaking the rules.
Tom was breathing deeply.
Tom was breathing hard.
Tom was breathing heavily.
Tom was breathing.
Tom was bribed to do that.
Tom was bright.
Tom was brilliant.
Tom was broke at that time.
Tom was broke, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was broke.
Tom was brokenhearted.
Tom was brought back from the very brink of death.
Tom was brought back into the courtroom.
Tom was brought back to reality.
Tom was brought before the Central Committee.
Tom was brought in for questioning.
Tom was brought in front of the Central Committee.
Tom was brought into the clinic on a stretcher.
Tom was brought to the police station for questioning.
Tom was brought up by Mary.
Tom was brought up by an aunt.
Tom was brought up by foster parents.
Tom was brought up by his aunt and uncle.
Tom was brought up by his aunt.
Tom was brought up by his grandfather.
Tom was brought up by his grandmother.
Tom was brought up by his grandparents.
Tom was brought up by his uncle and aunt.
Tom was brought up by his uncle.
Tom was brought up here.
Tom was brought up in Australia.
Tom was brought up in Boston.
Tom was brought up in a rich family.
Tom was brought up in the lap of luxury.
Tom was brushing his dog.
Tom was brutal.
Tom was brutally attacked.
Tom was brutally beaten to death.
Tom was brutally beaten.
Tom was brutally honest.
Tom was brutally murdered in his own house.
Tom was brutally murdered on October 20, 2013.
Tom was brutally murdered.
Tom was brutally rejected.
Tom was buck naked.
Tom was bugging me.
Tom was bullied a lot in school.
Tom was bullied a lot.
Tom was bullied as a child.
Tom was bullied at school because of his weight.
Tom was bullied at school.
Tom was bullied by his classmates.
Tom was bullied by students in his old school.
Tom was bullied by the other boys.
Tom was bullied in high school.
Tom was bullied when he was a child.
Tom was bullied when he was a kid.
Tom was bullied when he was in elementary school.
Tom was bullied when he was in grade school.
Tom was bullied when he was in primary school.
Tom was bullied.
Tom was buried Monday.
Tom was buried alive.
Tom was buried at sea.
Tom was buried by an avalanche.
Tom was buried in an avalanche.
Tom was buried in an unmarked grave.
Tom was buried in his hometown, just a block from where he was born.
Tom was buried in his hometown.
Tom was buried in the cemetery behind the church.
Tom was buried in the cemetery next to the church he went to.
Tom was buried in the village cemetery.
Tom was buried in this city.
Tom was buried later that day.
Tom was buried next to his wife.
Tom was buried yesterday.
Tom was burned alive.
Tom was burned beyond recognition.
Tom was burned to death in the fire.
Tom was burned to death.
Tom was burning the candle at both ends.
Tom was burning with anger.
Tom was burning with jealousy.
Tom was burnt at the stake as a heretic for proposing that pineapples be eaten on pizza.
Tom was burnt at the stake as a heretic.
Tom was burping at lunch.
Tom was burping.
Tom was busier than I was.
Tom was busy all day yesterday.
Tom was busy all day.
Tom was busy and I was, too.
Tom was busy and didn't have a chance to eat lunch.
Tom was busy and didn't have time for lunch.
Tom was busy and didn’t have a chance to eat lunch.
Tom was busy and skipped lunch.
Tom was busy and so was I.
Tom was busy at that time.
Tom was busy at the time.
Tom was busy cleaning the pool.
Tom was busy day and night.
Tom was busy doing his homework.
Tom was busy for a while.
Tom was busy most of the time.
Tom was busy texting on his phone.
Tom was busy then.
Tom was busy today.
Tom was busy translating some documents for the boss.
Tom was busy working.
Tom was busy yesterday.
Tom was busy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was busy, so he couldn't help us.
Tom was busy, so he couldn’t help us.
Tom was busy.
Tom was buying brandy.
Tom was by far the best player.
Tom was by far the best singer in our class.
Tom was by far the best singer tonight.
Tom was by far the best swimmer in his class.
Tom was by far the brightest student in his class and he breezed through every exam with top marks.
Tom was by far the worst singer in our class.
Tom was by himself in his car.
Tom was by himself.
Tom was by my side.
Tom was by no means satisfied.
Tom was caked with mud.
Tom was called away.
Tom was called down by his boss for coming late to work.
Tom was called in to defuse the situation.
Tom was called in.
Tom was called into the principal's office.
Tom was called names by his classmates.
Tom was called out for the way he treated Mary.
Tom was called to arms.
Tom was calling his mother out of her name.
Tom was calm and collected.
Tom was calm and relaxed.
Tom was calm under pressure.
Tom was calm, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was calm.
Tom was canceled.
Tom was captured again.
Tom was captured almost immediately.
Tom was captured and handed over to the police.
Tom was captured by a group of mercenaries.
Tom was captured by the police three days later.
Tom was captured immediately.
Tom was captured in battle.
Tom was captured shortly after.
Tom was captured while spying on the Canadian government in Australia.
Tom was captured, but he's been released.
Tom was captured, tried, and executed for murder.
Tom was captured.
Tom was careful not to attract attention.
Tom was careful not to be noticed.
Tom was careful not to do that.
Tom was careful not to drop the box marked fragile.
Tom was careful not to get his shoes muddy.
Tom was careful not to get in Mary's way.
Tom was careful not to leave any evidence.
Tom was careful not to leave the door unlocked.
Tom was careful not to make any noise.
Tom was careful not to make too much noise.
Tom was careful not to mention it.
Tom was careful not to say anything that would make Mary mad.
Tom was careful not to touch Mary.
Tom was careful not to trip and fall.
Tom was careful not to wake Mary up.
Tom was careful not to wake his wife.
Tom was careful not to wake the baby.
Tom was careful opening the drawer.
Tom was careful when he opened the drawer.
Tom was careful, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was careful.
Tom was careless, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was careless.
Tom was carjacked.
Tom was carried away by the police.
Tom was carried off the field on a stretcher.
Tom was carried off the ice on a stretcher.
Tom was carried out on a stretcher.
Tom was carrying a bag full of groceries.
Tom was carrying a bag under his arm.
Tom was carrying a bag.
Tom was carrying a big bag of candy.
Tom was carrying a bouquet of flowers.
Tom was carrying a briefcase full of cash.
Tom was carrying a briefcase.
Tom was carrying a bucket of water.
Tom was carrying a concealed weapon.
Tom was carrying a duffel bag and a guitar case.
Tom was carrying a duffel bag.
Tom was carrying a glass of water.
Tom was carrying a gun.
Tom was carrying a gym bag.
Tom was carrying a heavy backpack.
Tom was carrying a heavy bag.
Tom was carrying a large stack of books.
Tom was carrying a leather briefcase.
Tom was carrying a lot of cash when he got mugged.
Tom was carrying a lot of cash when he was mugged.
Tom was carrying a lunchbox.
Tom was carrying a pair of cross-country skis that he'd borrowed from Mary's husband.
Tom was carrying a torch.
Tom was carrying a white box.
Tom was carrying an armful of books.
Tom was carrying an ax.
Tom was carrying an umbrella under his arm.
Tom was carrying an umbrella.
Tom was carrying his French textbook with him.
Tom was carrying his snowboard under his arm.
Tom was carrying his son on his back.
Tom was carrying some shopping bags.
Tom was carrying something in a burlap sack.
Tom was carrying something.
Tom was carrying two suitcases and had a pack on his back.
Tom was carrying two suitcases, one in each hand.
Tom was carrying two suitcases.
Tom was cast aside and forgotten.
Tom was cast out by his family.
Tom was catatonically shy as a child.
Tom was caught and killed by mercenaries.
Tom was caught at the crossfire.
Tom was caught breaking into Mary's house.
Tom was caught buying cocaine.
Tom was caught by surprise.
Tom was caught by the police.
Tom was caught cheating on a test and got expelled from school.
Tom was caught cheating on a test.
Tom was caught cheating on an exam.
Tom was caught cheating on the exam and was expelled from school.
Tom was caught cheating.
Tom was caught completely by surprise.
Tom was caught completely off guard.
Tom was caught completely off-guard.
Tom was caught doing drugs.
Tom was caught doing that.
Tom was caught drinking on school grounds.
Tom was caught drinking.
Tom was caught driving a stolen car.
Tom was caught driving well over the speed limit.
Tom was caught driving without a license.
Tom was caught harboring a fugitive.
Tom was caught hot-wiring a car.
Tom was caught in 2013.
Tom was caught in October.
Tom was caught in a lie.
Tom was caught in a shower on his way home from work.
Tom was caught in a stolen car.
Tom was caught in an embarrassing situation.
Tom was caught in the act.
Tom was caught in the crossfire.
Tom was caught in the downpour, but he didn't care--he wasn't made of sugar.
Tom was caught in the rain and his new suit got ruined.
Tom was caught infringing copyright.
Tom was caught joyriding in a stolen vehicle.
Tom was caught last Monday.
Tom was caught lying.
Tom was caught making a U-turn when he shouldn't have.
Tom was caught making bombs.
Tom was caught masturbating by his mother.
Tom was caught napping on the job.
Tom was caught off guard by Mary's question.
Tom was caught off guard by how eagerly Mary was approaching him, trying to ask him out like that.
Tom was caught off guard by the news.
Tom was caught off guard by the question.
Tom was caught off guard.
Tom was caught off-guard.
Tom was caught on camera holding up a convenience store.
Tom was caught on camera stealing from the cash register.
Tom was caught padding his expense account.
Tom was caught red handed.
Tom was caught red-handed in an FBI sting operation.
Tom was caught red-handed trying to steal a bracelet.
Tom was caught red-handed with his hand in the cookie jar.
Tom was caught red-handed, stealing from the cash register.
Tom was caught red-handed.
Tom was caught riding a stolen bicycle.
Tom was caught selling drugs to kids.
Tom was caught selling drugs to teenagers.
Tom was caught selling drugs.
Tom was caught selling stolen goods.
Tom was caught setting fire to one of the school buildings.
Tom was caught shoplifting in a supermarket.
Tom was caught shoplifting.
Tom was caught sleeping on the job.
Tom was caught smoking behind the gym.
Tom was caught sneaking into a movie theater.
Tom was caught sneaking out of the room.
Tom was caught speeding.
Tom was caught stealing a car.
Tom was caught stealing a chicken.
Tom was caught stealing apples from his neighbor's tree.
Tom was caught stealing apples.
Tom was caught stealing his roommate's stuff.
Tom was caught stealing money from the cash register.
Tom was caught stealing money out of the cash register.
Tom was caught stealing toilet paper from a public restroom.
Tom was caught stealing.
Tom was caught trying to sneak contraband into the prison.
Tom was caught trying to steal Mary's car.
Tom was caught trying to steal a bracelet.
Tom was caught trying to steal a car.
Tom was caught trying to steal jewelry.
Tom was caught using a fake passport.
Tom was caught using fake ID.
Tom was caught using loaded dice.
Tom was caught when he tried to sneak out of the room.
Tom was caught with stolen property in his possession.
Tom was caught.
Tom was causing a scene.
Tom was cautious at first.
Tom was cautious.
Tom was cautiously optimistic.
Tom was celebrating the victory with wine.
Tom was celebrating.
Tom was certain Mary could speak French.
Tom was certain Mary could understand French.
Tom was certain he knew who did that.
Tom was certain he was going to be fired.
Tom was certain that Mary could speak French.
Tom was certain that Mary could understand French.
Tom was certain that he knew who did that.
Tom was certain that he was going to be fired.
Tom was certain that he would recognize Mary when he saw her.
Tom was certain.
Tom was certainly enjoying himself.
Tom was certainly impressed.
Tom was certainly not amused.
Tom was certainly sharp.
Tom was challenged to a drinking contest.
Tom was chanting in a foreign language.
Tom was charged extra because he ate more than the rest of us.
Tom was charged extra.
Tom was charged more because he ate more than the rest of us.
Tom was charged with a misdemeanor.
Tom was charged with armed robbery.
Tom was charged with arson.
Tom was charged with assault.
Tom was charged with attempted murder.
Tom was charged with battery on a police officer.
Tom was charged with disorderly conduct.
Tom was charged with domestic violence after he tossed a biscuit at Mary.
Tom was charged with drunken driving after he was involved in a car accident in Boston.
Tom was charged with embezzling money from the city.
Tom was charged with escape from custody.
Tom was charged with first degree assault and sentenced to 15 years in prison.
Tom was charged with first degree murder.
Tom was charged with fraud.
Tom was charged with giving a false name.
Tom was charged with illegal possession of a firearm.
Tom was charged with kidnapping.
Tom was charged with manslaughter.
Tom was charged with murder.
Tom was charged with obstructing justice.
Tom was charged with obstruction of justice.
Tom was charged with perjury.
Tom was charged with resisting arrest.
Tom was charged with robbery.
Tom was charged with terrorism.
Tom was charismatic.
Tom was charming.
Tom was chasing Mary.
Tom was chasing them.
Tom was chatting with Mary.
Tom was cheated by a friend.
Tom was cheated.
Tom was cheating on his wife.
Tom was cheating.
Tom was checking his email when he crashed into a tree.
Tom was checking you out.
Tom was cheerful.
Tom was cheering for Mary.
Tom was cheering.
Tom was chewing gum.
Tom was chewing on a toothpick.
Tom was choked to death.
Tom was choked with a piano string.
Tom was choked with tears and was unable to speak.
Tom was choking Mary.
Tom was chosen among 300 applicants.
Tom was chosen by his teammates to be the captain.
Tom was chosen by lottery.
Tom was chosen captain.
Tom was chosen from 300 applicants.
Tom was chosen from among 300 applicants.
Tom was chosen from three thousand applicants.
Tom was chosen last.
Tom was chosen to be the captain of the team.
Tom was chosen to be the team captain.
Tom was chosen to do that.
Tom was chuckling.
Tom was chuffed to bits.
Tom was city manager.
Tom was clad in a suit of armor.
Tom was class president when he was a senior.
Tom was class president.
Tom was clean, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was clean-shaven.
Tom was clean.
Tom was cleaning a chimney.
Tom was cleaning his gun when he accidentally shot himself.
Tom was cleaning his room.
Tom was cleaning up some broken glass.
Tom was cleaning.
Tom was cleared of the theft charge.
Tom was cleared of wrongdoing.
Tom was clearly a little disappointed.
Tom was clearly disappointed.
Tom was clearly embarrassed.
Tom was clearly in trouble.
Tom was clearly interested in Mary. He was not the only one.
Tom was clearly lost.
Tom was clearly not happy about that.
Tom was clearly not happy to see me.
Tom was clearly not interested in what the salesman was saying.
Tom was clearly not thinking straight.
Tom was clearly not very happy.
Tom was clearly onto something.
Tom was clearly satisfied with the results.
Tom was clearly shocked.
Tom was clearly skeptical.
Tom was clearly the aggressor.
Tom was clearly the winner.
Tom was clearly upset.
Tom was clearly very busy.
Tom was clever enough not to be deceived.
Tom was clever enough to figure out what was wrong.
Tom was clever.
Tom was clipping his nails as he waited for Mary to finish getting dressed.
Tom was cloned.
Tom was close to breaking into tears.
Tom was close to tears.
Tom was close to winning.
Tom was clowning around at the party last night.
Tom was clubbed to death.
Tom was clueless.
Tom was clumsy.
Tom was clutching something in his left hand.
Tom was coaching Mary.
Tom was coerced into doing that.
Tom was cold and wanted something hot to drink.
Tom was cold, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was cold.
Tom was combing his hair in front of a mirror.
Tom was combing his hair.
Tom was coming down the hill.
Tom was committed to an institution for the insane.
Tom was compassionate.
Tom was competent.
Tom was competitive.
Tom was complaining about how cold it's been.
Tom was complaining about that.
Tom was complaining of back pain.
Tom was complaining of chest pains.
Tom was complaining.
Tom was completely alone.
Tom was completely at a loss to explain his behaviour.
Tom was completely clueless.
Tom was completely confused.
Tom was completely devastated when he heard that Mary had been killed.
Tom was completely devastated.
Tom was completely dumbfounded.
Tom was completely enthralled by the film.
Tom was completely exhausted.
Tom was completely helpless.
Tom was completely honest.
Tom was completely humiliated.
Tom was completely naked.
Tom was completely puzzled.
Tom was completely right.
Tom was completely shocked.
Tom was completely sloshed.
Tom was completely soaked by the rain.
Tom was completely surprised by Mary's offer.
Tom was completely surprised.
Tom was completely taken by surprise.
Tom was completely taken in by Mary's smile.
Tom was completely taken in by Mary.
Tom was completely worn out.
Tom was completely wrong.
Tom was complicit in the attack on his own bank.
Tom was concentrating.
Tom was concerned about that, too.
Tom was concerned.
Tom was condemned to death.
Tom was confident that his submission was going to win but as soon as he saw Mary's model, it unnerved him.
Tom was confident, too.
Tom was confident.
Tom was confined to a bed for three months.
Tom was confused and did not know what to say.
Tom was confused and didn't know what to say.
Tom was confused and we were confused too.
Tom was confused at first.
Tom was confused by Mary's question.
Tom was confused by Mary's request.
Tom was confused by Mary’s question.
Tom was confused by the question.
Tom was confused by this.
Tom was confused by what had happened.
Tom was confused, because the situation was very complicated.
Tom was confused, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was confused, too.
Tom was confused.
Tom was conned.
Tom was conscientious.
Tom was conscious that people were staring at him.
Tom was conscious.
Tom was conservative.
Tom was considerate.
Tom was considered a prodigy in his youth.
Tom was considering suicide, but he ultimately changed his mind.
Tom was consoling Mary.
Tom was conspicuous by his absence.
Tom was constantly looking at his phone.
Tom was consulted.
Tom was consumed by hatred.
Tom was contacted by Mary.
Tom was content with his life.
Tom was content.
Tom was contented.
Tom was contributing.
Tom was convicted and hanged.
Tom was convicted and sentenced to death.
Tom was convicted in 2013 for his wife's murder.
Tom was convicted in 2013.
Tom was convicted of arranging the murder of his wife.
Tom was convicted of arson.
Tom was convicted of assault with a deadly weapon.
Tom was convicted of extortion.
Tom was convicted of first degree murder.
Tom was convicted of first-degree murder.
Tom was convicted of fraud.
Tom was convicted of high range drink driving.
Tom was convicted of identity theft.
Tom was convicted of insider trading.
Tom was convicted of kidnapping in 2013.
Tom was convicted of killing Mary.
Tom was convicted of killing his wife.
Tom was convicted of manslaughter.
Tom was convicted of murder and sentenced to death.
Tom was convicted of murder.
Tom was convicted of second degree murder and sentenced to ten years in jail.
Tom was convicted of second-degree assault in 2013.
Tom was convicted of tax evasion.
Tom was convicted on Monday.
Tom was convicted on October 20, 2013.
Tom was convicted on three counts of assault.
Tom was convicted.
Tom was convinced Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom was convinced Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom was convinced Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom was convinced Mary had to do that.
Tom was convinced Mary needed to do that.
Tom was convinced Mary no longer had to do that.
Tom was convinced Mary no longer liked him.
Tom was convinced Mary no longer needed to do that.
Tom was convinced Mary no longer wanted to do that.
Tom was convinced Mary ought to do that.
Tom was convinced Mary should do that.
Tom was convinced Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom was convinced Mary wanted to do that.
Tom was convinced everyone hated him.
Tom was convinced he could have somehow prevented his father's death.
Tom was convinced he didn't have to do that.
Tom was convinced he didn't need to do that.
Tom was convinced he had to do that.
Tom was convinced he needed to do that.
Tom was convinced he no longer had to do that.
Tom was convinced he no longer needed to do that.
Tom was convinced he ought to do that.
Tom was convinced he should do that.
Tom was convinced he shouldn't do that.
Tom was convinced he was doing the right thing.
Tom was convinced he'd be happier if he moved to Boston.
Tom was convinced he'd been betrayed.
Tom was convinced it was a good idea.
Tom was convinced that I was hiding something from him.
Tom was convinced that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom was convinced that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom was convinced that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom was convinced that Mary had to do that.
Tom was convinced that Mary liked him.
Tom was convinced that Mary needed to do that.
Tom was convinced that Mary no longer had to do that.
Tom was convinced that Mary no longer liked him.
Tom was convinced that Mary no longer loved him.
Tom was convinced that Mary no longer needed to do that.
Tom was convinced that Mary no longer wanted to do that.
Tom was convinced that Mary ought to do that.
Tom was convinced that Mary should do that.
Tom was convinced that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom was convinced that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom was convinced that Mary would do that.
Tom was convinced that Mary would win.
Tom was convinced that everybody hated him.
Tom was convinced that he could do that.
Tom was convinced that he could win.
Tom was convinced that he didn't have to do that.
Tom was convinced that he didn't need to do that.
Tom was convinced that he had to do that.
Tom was convinced that he needed to do that.
Tom was convinced that he no longer had to do that.
Tom was convinced that he no longer needed to do that.
Tom was convinced that he ought to do that.
Tom was convinced that he should do that.
Tom was convinced that he shouldn't do that.
Tom was convinced that he was doing the right thing.
Tom was convinced that he was the happiest man in the world.
Tom was convinced that he'd be able to do that.
Tom was convinced that he'd be able to win.
Tom was convinced that he'd be happier if he moved to Australia.
Tom was convinced that he'd be happier if he moved to Boston.
Tom was convinced that he'd been betrayed.
Tom was convinced that it was a good idea.
Tom was convinced that nobody could see him.
Tom was convinced that something more was going on.
Tom was convinced that something was wrong with Mary.
Tom was convinced that the attraction was mutual.
Tom was convinced that the food he had just eaten had been poisoned.
Tom was convinced that the way Mary was doing that was wrong.
Tom was convinced the attraction was mutual.
Tom was convinced, but I wasn't.
Tom was convinced, but not me.
Tom was convinced.
Tom was cooking dinner at that time.
Tom was cooking dinner.
Tom was cooking in the kitchen most of the afternoon.
Tom was cooking something in a large pot that smelled really good.
Tom was cooking the books.
Tom was cooking.
Tom was cool about it.
Tom was cool.
Tom was cooperative, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was cooperative.
Tom was cornered by a group of rebels.
Tom was cornered.
Tom was correct about one thing.
Tom was correct all along.
Tom was correct today.
Tom was correct.
Tom was correct. Mary wasn't.
Tom was coughing from smoke.
Tom was coughing.
Tom was counting on Mary to help him get ready for the party.
Tom was counting on it.
Tom was counting the garden's flowers.
Tom was counting.
Tom was courageous, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was courageous.
Tom was court-martialed on the grounds of mutiny and disobeying orders.
Tom was court-martialed.
Tom was courteous, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was courteous.
Tom was covered all over with red paint.
Tom was covered in blood.
Tom was covered in bruises.
Tom was covered in dirt.
Tom was covered in mud when he came home.
Tom was covered in mud.
Tom was covered in soot.
Tom was covered in sweat.
Tom was covered with mud.
Tom was covered with sweat.
Tom was covered.
Tom was covering for Mary.
Tom was cowering behind his bar.
Tom was crafty.
Tom was cranky last night.
Tom was cranky, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was cranky.
Tom was crashing on our couch, so I watched TV in my room.
Tom was crazy about Mary.
Tom was crazy about you.
Tom was crazy to agree to do that.
Tom was crazy to do that.
Tom was crazy to leave.
Tom was crazy, you know.
Tom was crazy.
Tom was creative.
Tom was creepy.
Tom was cremated, too, apparently.
Tom was cremated.
Tom was crestfallen.
Tom was crippled by the accident.
Tom was criticized for doing that.
Tom was criticized for his speech.
Tom was cross with Mary.
Tom was cross-examined for thirty minutes.
Tom was cross-examined.
Tom was crossing the bridge when it got hit by lightning.
Tom was crossing the street when he got hit by a truck.
Tom was crouching down.
Tom was cruel to Mary.
Tom was cruel.
Tom was cruisin' for a bruisin'.
Tom was crushed by the news.
Tom was crushed by the tree that he was cutting down.
Tom was crushed to death.
Tom was crushed when Mary broke up with him.
Tom was crushed.
Tom was crying a lot.
Tom was crying all yesterday afternoon.
Tom was crying in his room.
Tom was crying in the rain.
Tom was crying just a few minutes ago.
Tom was crying last night.
Tom was crying like a baby.
Tom was crying out.
Tom was crying tears of joy.
Tom was crying the entire time.
Tom was crying the whole time.
Tom was crying when I got home.
Tom was crying, too.
Tom was crying.
Tom was curious about what Mary was doing.
Tom was curious to know Mary's secret.
Tom was curious to know what Mary's secret was.
Tom was curious to see what was in the box.
Tom was curious, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was curious, so he opened the box.
Tom was curious.
Tom was curled up on the floor, crying.
Tom was cursing in French.
Tom was cursing.
Tom was cussing at Mary when she slapped him.
Tom was cut badly.
Tom was cute.
Tom was dancing by himself on the back porch.
Tom was dancing with Mary.
Tom was dancing.
Tom was dangerous.
Tom was dating Mary at that time.
Tom was dating Mary at the time.
Tom was dating Mary back then.
Tom was dating Mary in those days.
Tom was dating a girl named Mary the last time I met him.
Tom was dating a girl named Mary the last time that I met him.
Tom was daydreaming in class.
Tom was daydreaming.
Tom was dazed and confused.
Tom was dazed.
Tom was dazzled by Mary's good looks.
Tom was dead against it.
Tom was dead before the ambulance arrived at the hospital.
Tom was dead before the ambulance could get there.
Tom was dead before the fire started.
Tom was dead broke.
Tom was dead by the time the ambulance arrived at the hospital.
Tom was dead by the time the ambulance got there.
Tom was dead drunk.
Tom was dead set against it.
Tom was dead set against that plan.
Tom was dead set against the idea.
Tom was dead when the ambulance arrived.
Tom was dead when the ambulance got there.
Tom was dead wrong.
Tom was dead-set against it.
Tom was dead.
Tom was deceived by a friend.
Tom was deceived.
Tom was declared a heretic.
Tom was declared guilty.
Tom was declared the winner by forfeit.
Tom was deep in thought.
Tom was deeply affected by the death of his wife.
Tom was deeply disturbed by the news.
Tom was deeply disturbed by this news.
Tom was deeply embarrassed.
Tom was deeply envious of Mary's abilities.
Tom was deeply envious of Mary's powers.
Tom was deeply envious of Mary's special powers.
Tom was deeply impressed.
Tom was deeply in love with Mary.
Tom was deeply involved.
Tom was deeply moved by what Mary said.
Tom was deeply offended by your remarks.
Tom was deeply shocked.
Tom was defeated once before.
Tom was defeated.
Tom was defending Mary.
Tom was defending himself.
Tom was defenestrated.
Tom was defiant.
Tom was definitely afraid.
Tom was definitely bought off.
Tom was definitely busy.
Tom was definitely drunk last night.
Tom was definitely in Australia last year at this time.
Tom was definitely in a hurry.
Tom was definitely interested, but he tried not to show it.
Tom was definitely interested.
Tom was definitely not in a hurry.
Tom was definitely not very happy.
Tom was definitely planning to do that.
Tom was definitely puzzled by this.
Tom was definitely stalking Mary.
Tom was definitely the best-looking guy in our class.
Tom was definitely tired.
Tom was definitely trying to pick a fight.
Tom was dehydrated.
Tom was dejected.
Tom was delayed.
Tom was deliberate in everything he did.
Tom was delighted at the result.
Tom was delighted by the idea.
Tom was delighted by the results.
Tom was delighted with the result.
Tom was delighted with the results.
Tom was delighted, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was delighted.
Tom was delirious.
Tom was deliriously happy.
Tom was delusional.
Tom was demanding.
Tom was denied bail.
Tom was denied entry.
Tom was denied parole.
Tom was dependable.
Tom was depicted as a violent person.
Tom was deployed to Iraq.
Tom was deported from Australia.
Tom was deported to a prison in El Salvador.
Tom was deported.
Tom was depressed, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was depressed.
Tom was desperate about it.
Tom was desperate for Mary's affection.
Tom was desperate for attention.
Tom was desperate to defend his reputation.
Tom was desperate to do that, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was desperate to do that.
Tom was desperate to escape.
Tom was desperate to fit in.
Tom was desperate to get out of jail.
Tom was desperate to lose weight.
Tom was desperate to see them.
Tom was desperate to sell his car.
Tom was desperate to stay one step ahead of the law.
Tom was desperate to win.
Tom was desperate.
Tom was desperately lonely.
Tom was despicable.
Tom was despondent.
Tom was detained as a suspect.
Tom was detained by the police.
Tom was detained for questioning.
Tom was detained.
Tom was determined not to make the same mistakes with his children that his parents had made with him.
Tom was determined that his children receive a good education.
Tom was determined to continue his support for as long as it took.
Tom was determined to do that.
Tom was determined to exact revenge.
Tom was determined to finish the job before he went home.
Tom was determined to get everything done before Mary got there.
Tom was determined to get rid of his pot belly.
Tom was determined to give it another try.
Tom was determined to go there.
Tom was determined to kill Mary.
Tom was determined to kiss Mary.
Tom was determined to leave the company.
Tom was determined to make the football team.
Tom was determined to not let anything like that happen again.
Tom was determined to prove himself.
Tom was determined to say something.
Tom was determined to study French.
Tom was determined to try doing that.
Tom was determined to try that.
Tom was determined to win Mary's heart.
Tom was determined to win.
Tom was determined.
Tom was devastated when Mary broke up with him.
Tom was devastated, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was devastated, but didn't lose hope.
Tom was devastated.
Tom was devious.
Tom was devoted.
Tom was diagnosed as having autism at age four.
Tom was diagnosed with ADHD.
Tom was diagnosed with ASD in 2013.
Tom was diagnosed with ASD when he was three.
Tom was diagnosed with ASD.
Tom was diagnosed with Asperger syndrome.
Tom was diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome.
Tom was diagnosed with COVID-19 last week.
Tom was diagnosed with a brain tumor when he was ten years old.
Tom was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia in 2013.
Tom was diagnosed with autism and severe depression.
Tom was diagnosed with autism when he was three years old.
Tom was diagnosed with autism.
Tom was diagnosed with autoimmune hepatitis.
Tom was diagnosed with bulimia.
Tom was diagnosed with carpal tunnel syndrome.
Tom was diagnosed with colon cancer in October of 2013.
Tom was diagnosed with dyslexia.
Tom was diagnosed with gastric cancer.
Tom was diagnosed with irritable bowel syndrome.
Tom was diagnosed with kidney cancer in 2013.
Tom was diagnosed with leukemia on October 20, 2013.
Tom was diagnosed with leukemia.
Tom was diagnosed with lung cancer.
Tom was diagnosed with muscular dystrophy in 2013.
Tom was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Tom was diagnosed with tuberculosis in 2013.
Tom was different.
Tom was difficult to find.
Tom was difficult to get along with, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was difficult to get along with.
Tom was diplomatic, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was direct and to the point.
Tom was directly behind me.
Tom was directly in front of me.
Tom was dirty and stank to high heaven.
Tom was dirty, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was dirty.
Tom was disappointed at not being invited.
Tom was disappointed by Mary's decision.
Tom was disappointed by the lack of dinosaurs in Oedipus Rex.
Tom was disappointed by the result.
Tom was disappointed by the results.
Tom was disappointed in Mary's behavior.
Tom was disappointed in Mary's performance.
Tom was disappointed in Mary.
Tom was disappointed in Mary’s performance.
Tom was disappointed that Mary didn't come to his party.
Tom was disappointed that he couldn't get into Harvard.
Tom was disappointed that he didn't win the race.
Tom was disappointed to hear that Mary was already married.
Tom was disappointed when he heard the news.
Tom was disappointed when he noticed an engagement ring on Mary's finger.
Tom was disappointed with the Christmas presents he got.
Tom was disappointed with the result.
Tom was disappointed with the results.
Tom was disappointed, as none of the presents under the Christmas tree were for him.
Tom was disappointed, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was disappointed, wasn't he?
Tom was disappointed.
Tom was disarmed and arrested.
Tom was discharged against medical advice.
Tom was discharged from the army for conduct unbecoming an officer.
Tom was discharged from the hospital yesterday.
Tom was discharged today.
Tom was disciplined for behaving inappropriately in class.
Tom was disconcerted by the announcement.
Tom was discontented.
Tom was discouraged, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was discouraged.
Tom was discreet.
Tom was discriminated against because of his name.
Tom was disfigured.
Tom was disgruntled.
Tom was disguised as a beggar.
Tom was disguised as a janitor.
Tom was disgusted by what he saw.
Tom was disgusted, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was disgusted.
Tom was dishonest, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was disillusioned.
Tom was disingenuous.
Tom was disinherited by his father.
Tom was disinherited by his parents.
Tom was disloyal.
Tom was dismissed from his job.
Tom was dismissed without notice.
Tom was dismissed.
Tom was dismissive.
Tom was disobedient, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was disobedient.
Tom was disorganized.
Tom was disorientated.
Tom was disoriented.
Tom was displeased, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was displeased.
Tom was disqualified from the tournament on a technicality.
Tom was disqualified.
Tom was disrespectful to Mary.
Tom was disrespectful to his teacher.
Tom was disrespectful to us.
Tom was disrespectful, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was disrespectful, wasn't he?
Tom was disrespectful.
Tom was disruptive.
Tom was dissatisfied with the result.
Tom was dissatisfied with the service at the hotel where he stayed.
Tom was distracted and fidgety and Mary knew there was something bothering him.
Tom was distracted by Mary's plunging neckline.
Tom was distracted by Mary.
Tom was distracted, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was distracted.
Tom was distraught.
Tom was distressed.
Tom was disturbed at the direction of his thoughts.
Tom was disturbed by the implication.
Tom was divorced.
Tom was dizzy.
Tom was dogpiled on Bluesky.
Tom was doing OK.
Tom was doing all the talking.
Tom was doing drugs with Mary.
Tom was doing drugs.
Tom was doing his PhD when he died.
Tom was doing his best.
Tom was doing his homework while he was waiting for the bus.
Tom was doing his job.
Tom was doing his master's degree when he died.
Tom was doing his master's when he died.
Tom was doing it behind our backs.
Tom was doing it wrong, so I showed him how to do it.
Tom was doing just that.
Tom was doing me a favor.
Tom was doing pretty well.
Tom was doing something he shouldn't have been doing.
Tom was doing something he wasn't supposed to be doing.
Tom was doing something stupid.
Tom was doing something wrong.
Tom was doing something.
Tom was doing that all yesterday afternoon.
Tom was doing that for hours.
Tom was doing that here yesterday.
Tom was doing that just a few hours ago.
Tom was doing that just a few minutes ago.
Tom was doing that just this morning.
Tom was doing that the wrong way.
Tom was doing that when I got home.
Tom was doing that wrong.
Tom was doing that yesterday.
Tom was doing that, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was doing that, too.
Tom was doing that.
Tom was doing the same thing that I was doing.
Tom was doing the same thing that I was.
Tom was doing us a favor.
Tom was doing well.
Tom was doing what he loved.
Tom was doing what he needed to do.
Tom was doing wheelies on his motorcycle.
Tom was done doing that before anybody got here.
Tom was done doing that before anyone got here.
Tom was done, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was doodling on some paper.
Tom was doomed.
Tom was down here in the basement with me a few minutes ago.
Tom was down in the doldrums after Mary walked out on him.
Tom was down with the flu all last week.
Tom was downstairs.
Tom was downtown yesterday morning.
Tom was doxed.
Tom was doxxed.
Tom was drafted into the army.
Tom was drafted.
Tom was dragged into the cave.
Tom was dragged kicking and screaming off the airplane.
Tom was dragged out of his room.
Tom was drawing a picture of a monkey.
Tom was drawn to Mary's outgoing personality.
Tom was drawn to Mary's personality.
Tom was drawn to Mary.
Tom was drawn to her.
Tom was dreadfully killed during the last days of the war.
Tom was dreaming.
Tom was drenched by the rain.
Tom was drenched from head to toe.
Tom was drenched in sweat.
Tom was dressed all in black.
Tom was dressed appropriately.
Tom was dressed as Santa.
Tom was dressed as a court jester.
Tom was dressed as a pirate for Halloween.
Tom was dressed as a vampire.
Tom was dressed as a woman.
Tom was dressed as though he had just stepped out of GQ magazine.
Tom was dressed casually.
Tom was dressed completely in black.
Tom was dressed for fashion rather than warmth.
Tom was dressed for warmth rather than fashion.
Tom was dressed in an old tweed suit.
Tom was dressed in black and wore a black ski mask.
Tom was dressed in black.
Tom was dressed in blue.
Tom was dressed in casual clothing.
Tom was dressed in clothes similar to John's.
Tom was dressed in his pajamas when he answered the door.
Tom was dressed in leather.
Tom was dressed in lycra.
Tom was dressed in overalls.
Tom was dressed in white.
Tom was dressed inappropriately.
Tom was dressed like John.
Tom was dressed like a pirate.
Tom was dressed like the other guys.
Tom was dressed nicely.
Tom was dressed to kill.
Tom was dressed to the nines.
Tom was dressed, as always, in black.
Tom was dressed.
Tom was drinking at a bar with Mary at the time the police think that John was murdered.
Tom was drinking beer, and Mary was drinking wine.
Tom was drinking beer.
Tom was drinking brandy.
Tom was drinking by himself in his bedroom.
Tom was drinking chocolate milk through a straw.
Tom was drinking chocolate milk with a straw.
Tom was drinking coffee from a disposable styrofoam cup.
Tom was drinking coffee from a thermos bottle.
Tom was drinking coffee in a disposable styrofoam cup.
Tom was drinking coffee out of a Styrofoam cup.
Tom was drinking coffee.
Tom was drinking from a water bottle.
Tom was drinking something.
Tom was drinking tea.
Tom was drinking tea. Everyone else was drinking coffee.
Tom was drinking tequila.
Tom was drinking vodka.
Tom was drinking wine.
Tom was drinking wine. Mary was drinking vodka.
Tom was drinking with Mary in front of the campfire.
Tom was drinking with me at the time of the murder.
Tom was drinking with us that night.
Tom was drinking.
Tom was driven out of the church.
Tom was driven out of the synagogue.
Tom was driven out of the temple.
Tom was driven out of there.
Tom was driven to stealing by hunger.
Tom was driving Mary's car when he ran off the bridge.
Tom was driving Mary's car yesterday.
Tom was driving a black car.
Tom was driving a blue car the last time I saw him.
Tom was driving a stolen car.
Tom was driving a truck.
Tom was driving down the street singing along at the top of his lungs to his favourite song on the car radio.
Tom was driving during rush hour.
Tom was driving his car a little too fast.
Tom was driving his car with a cap on his head.
Tom was driving his girlfriend's car.
Tom was driving home when the accident happened.
Tom was driving in the wrong direction.
Tom was driving me crazy.
Tom was driving on the wrong side of the road.
Tom was driving so fast that he almost killed us.
Tom was driving south on Park Street.
Tom was driving the bus.
Tom was driving the car.
Tom was driving the wrong way on a one-way street.
Tom was driving to the Mexican border.
Tom was driving to work when the accident happened.
Tom was driving too close to the car in front of him, and was unable to stop in time when it suddenly stopped.
Tom was driving too fast on the bend and ended up in the ditch.
Tom was driving too fast on the corner and ended up in the ditch.
Tom was driving too fast.
Tom was driving very fast.
Tom was driving well over the speed limit when the accident happened.
Tom was driving when the car went off the road.
Tom was driving.
Tom was drooling.
Tom was dropped off in front of the bank.
Tom was drowning in the swimming pool.
Tom was drowning.
Tom was drugged.
Tom was drunk again.
Tom was drunk and angry.
Tom was drunk and couldn't remember where he'd parked his car.
Tom was drunk and forgot where he'd parked his car.
Tom was drunk and he said some things he shouldn't have.
Tom was drunk and his speech was slurred.
Tom was drunk and obnoxious at the party and started a brawl.
Tom was drunk and obnoxious at the party.
Tom was drunk and said things he shouldn't have said.
Tom was drunk and said things he shouldn't have.
Tom was drunk and said things that he shouldn't have said.
Tom was drunk and said things that he shouldn't have.
Tom was drunk as a skunk.
Tom was drunk at the meeting and talked nonsense. In the end, he had to leave the conference room.
Tom was drunk last night when I saw him.
Tom was drunk last night.
Tom was drunk on wine.
Tom was drunk that night.
Tom was drunk the last time I saw him.
Tom was drunk when he did that.
Tom was drunk, and said things he wasn't allowed to say.
Tom was drunk, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was drunk, so Mary drove him home.
Tom was drunk, so they sent him home.
Tom was drunk, too.
Tom was drunk.
Tom was dubious.
Tom was due here three hours ago.
Tom was due to return an hour ago.
Tom was duly impressed.
Tom was dumbfounded.
Tom was dumbstruck.
Tom was dumped by his girlfriend.
Tom was dumped.
Tom was dumping trash.
Tom was dying of thirst.
Tom was dying to know what had happened.
Tom was dying to meet Mary.
Tom was dying.
Tom was eager to begin his vacation.
Tom was eager to do it.
Tom was eager to do that.
Tom was eager to feed the birds.
Tom was eager to get home to Boston.
Tom was eager to get home to his family.
Tom was eager to get home to his wife and children.
Tom was eager to get home to his wife.
Tom was eager to get home to see Mary.
Tom was eager to get home.
Tom was eager to get started.
Tom was eager to go home.
Tom was eager to help Mary out.
Tom was eager to help Mary.
Tom was eager to leave.
Tom was eager to see Mary again.
Tom was eager to see Mary.
Tom was eager to speak to Mary.
Tom was eager.
Tom was early for church.
Tom was early for his appointment.
Tom was early, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was early.
Tom was easily defeated.
Tom was easily distracted.
Tom was easily influenced.
Tom was easy to find.
Tom was easy to impress.
Tom was easy to spot in the crowd wearing his daggy old bucket hat.
Tom was easy to talk to.
Tom was easygoing.
Tom was eaten alive by a crocodile.
Tom was eaten by a crocodile.
Tom was eaten by a lion.
Tom was eaten by a tiger.
Tom was eaten up by a t-rex.
Tom was eating a chicken nugget.
Tom was eating a donut and drinking a cup of coffee.
Tom was eating a sandwich.
Tom was eating alone.
Tom was eating an apple the last time I saw him.
Tom was eating an apple, and Mary was eating a banana.
Tom was eating an apple.
Tom was eating apricots.
Tom was eating breakfast when he felt the earthquake.
Tom was eating by himself at a corner table.
Tom was eating by himself.
Tom was eating cookies.
Tom was eating dinner when Mary arrived.
Tom was eating his dessert when the phone rang.
Tom was eating ice cream.
Tom was eating lunch with Mary at that time.
Tom was eating over there earlier.
Tom was eating peanuts by the handfuls.
Tom was eating peanuts.
Tom was eating pizza at a restaurant when the fire broke out.
Tom was eating popcorn out of a large bowl.
Tom was eating pork and beans right out of the can.
Tom was eating so slowly that his meal got cold.
Tom was eating.
Tom was eavesdropping.
Tom was ecstatic.
Tom was educated by his grandfather.
Tom was educated in Australia.
Tom was educated in Boston.
Tom was educated in French.
Tom was educated primarily in Australia.
Tom was efficient.
Tom was egging Mary on.
Tom was either being naïve or disingenuous.
Tom was either thirteen or fourteen when he came to Boston.
Tom was elated.
Tom was elderly.
Tom was elected President of the Republic.
Tom was elected captain of the team.
Tom was elected captain.
Tom was elected chairman of the committee.
Tom was elected chairman.
Tom was elected chairperson.
Tom was elected class president.
Tom was elected class representative.
Tom was elected head of state.
Tom was elected in 2010.
Tom was elected in 2013.
Tom was elected mayor in 2013.
Tom was elected on Monday.
Tom was elected president.
Tom was elected prime minister.
Tom was elected three times.
Tom was elected to the Senate in 2008.
Tom was elected unopposed.
Tom was elected.
Tom was electrocuted.
Tom was eliminated before he got to the finals.
Tom was eliminated in the second round of the contest.
Tom was eliminated.
Tom was embarrassed and ashamed.
Tom was embarrassed and humiliated.
Tom was embarrassed by his parents.
Tom was embarrassed by his son's behavior.
Tom was embarrassed by the incident.
Tom was embarrassed by the river.
Tom was embarrassed that he'd been conned.
Tom was embarrassed that he'd been fooled.
Tom was embarrassed to admit that he had started learning the guitar to impress girls.
Tom was embarrassed to do that.
Tom was embarrassed to have to ask for help.
Tom was embarrassed when he took his shirt off in front of Mary for the first time, because he had his ex's name tattooed on his chest.
Tom was embarrassed when his parrot came out with a string of obscenities in front of Mary's mother.
Tom was embarrassed when told he had made a drunken pass at Mary's mother at the party.
Tom was embarrassed, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was embarrassed.
Tom was embroiled in a scandal involving a famous actress.
Tom was embroiled in a scandal.
Tom was emotional.
Tom was emotionally drained.
Tom was empathetic.
Tom was encouraged by the news.
Tom was engaged as an interpreter.
Tom was engaged at that time.
Tom was engaged once.
Tom was engaged to Mary at one time.
Tom was engaged to Mary for about three months.
Tom was engaged to Mary.
Tom was engaged, but did not intend to sign the papers for fear of upsetting Mary too soon.
Tom was engrossed in his work.
Tom was enjoying a tartine when the telephone rang.
Tom was enjoying himself.
Tom was enjoying the party.
Tom was enlarging the photos.
Tom was enormously fatigued by the journey.
Tom was enraged.
Tom was enslaved by the pleasures and treasures of the world.
Tom was enthusiastic about doing that, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was enthusiastic.
Tom was entranced by Mary's beauty.
Tom was entranced by Mary's singing.
Tom was equally impressed.
Tom was equally pleased.
Tom was escorted from the room.
Tom was escorted off the plane.
Tom was escorted out of the building by security guards after being fired.
Tom was escorted out of the building by security guards.
Tom was escorted out of the building.
Tom was escorted out of the courtroom by armed officers.
Tom was escorted out of the courtroom by armed policemen.
Tom was escorted out of the courtroom.
Tom was escorted out of the hospital.
Tom was escorted out.
Tom was escorted to the helicopter.
Tom was especially good at that.
Tom was essentially right.
Tom was euphoric.
Tom was evasive.
Tom was even busier than I was.
Tom was even more surprised than Mary was.
Tom was even more surprised than Mary.
Tom was even relieved when he was given notice, because it took the decision whether he should continue out of his hands.
Tom was eventually arrested.
Tom was eventually caught.
Tom was eventually convicted.
Tom was ever so careful to be on his best behaviour when he met his future mother-in-law.
Tom was every inch a gentleman.
Tom was everyone's friend.
Tom was evicted by his landlord for not paying rent.
Tom was evicted for not paying his rent.
Tom was evicted for not paying the rent.
Tom was evicted from his apartment.
Tom was evicted from his home.
Tom was evicted without notice.
Tom was evicted.
Tom was evidently embarrassed.
Tom was evidently killed by Mary.
Tom was exactly twelve minutes late.
Tom was exactly where Mary said he would be.
Tom was exactly where Mary said he'd be.
Tom was exaggerating.
Tom was exasperated.
Tom was excited about going to the Easter egg hunt.
Tom was excited about something.
Tom was excited about that.
Tom was excited about the new job offer since he'd felt stagnant and unappreciated in his current position, but when he told his boss that he was thinking about leaving, his boss told him that a promotion and a pay raise were in the offing if he would stay, so it left Tom in a quandary about what to do.
Tom was excited about the trip to Boston.
Tom was excited about the trip.
Tom was excited about what was going to happen.
Tom was excited and nervous at the same time.
Tom was excited to go to the concert.
Tom was excited to see Mary again.
Tom was excited to see Mary.
Tom was excited, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was excited, too.
Tom was excited.
Tom was excluded from the club.
Tom was excommunicated from the cult.
Tom was excused from doing that.
Tom was excused from work yesterday because he was sick.
Tom was excused, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was executed 3 years ago.
Tom was executed a month ago.
Tom was executed at dawn.
Tom was executed by lethal injection.
Tom was executed for a crime he didn't commit.
Tom was executed in 2013.
Tom was executed on Monday.
Tom was executed on October 20, 2013.
Tom was executed on October 20th three years ago.
Tom was executed on October 20th.
Tom was executed on October, 20, 2013.
Tom was executed soon after.
Tom was executed three months ago.
Tom was executed three years ago.
Tom was executed.
Tom was exhausted after his trip and it took him at least a week to recover from it.
Tom was exhausted from his three-day trip.
Tom was exhausted when he got home, so he went to bed early.
Tom was exhausted when he got home.
Tom was exhausted, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was exhausted.
Tom was exiled to a penal colony.
Tom was exonerated by the court.
Tom was exonerated.
Tom was expected to do that.
Tom was expected to testify that day.
Tom was expecting Mary to be here.
Tom was expecting Mary to be there.
Tom was expecting Mary to come alone.
Tom was expecting Mary to come by herself.
Tom was expecting Mary to come.
Tom was expecting Mary to do something.
Tom was expecting Mary to do that.
Tom was expecting Mary to eat more.
Tom was expecting Mary to help him do that.
Tom was expecting Mary to help him.
Tom was expecting Mary to win.
Tom was expecting a kiss, so he leaned forward and puckered his lips.
Tom was expecting a little more than that.
Tom was expecting it.
Tom was expecting me to help him.
Tom was expecting me.
Tom was expecting somebody to help.
Tom was expecting somebody.
Tom was expecting someone to help.
Tom was expecting someone.
Tom was expecting that to happen.
Tom was expecting that.
Tom was expecting this.
Tom was expecting to get paid.
Tom was expecting to see Mary at the party.
Tom was expecting visitors.
Tom was expecting you fifteen minutes ago.
Tom was expecting you to do that for Mary.
Tom was expecting you to do that for him.
Tom was expecting you to say yes to her.
Tom was expecting you to say yes to him.
Tom was expecting you to say yes.
Tom was expelled by the teacher.
Tom was expelled for throwing his desk at Mr. Jackson.
Tom was expelled from preschool.
Tom was expelled from private school.
Tom was expelled from school for breaking school rules.
Tom was expelled from school for fighting.
Tom was expelled from school.
Tom was expelled from the Senate.
Tom was expelled.
Tom was experiencing hellish pain.
Tom was exposed as a fraud.
Tom was exposed to a wide variety of music as a child through his mother's vast record collection.
Tom was exposed to danger.
Tom was exposed to high radiation.
Tom was extradited.
Tom was extraordinarily handsome.
Tom was extraordinary.
Tom was extremely aggressive tonight.
Tom was extremely angry.
Tom was extremely annoyed.
Tom was extremely busy.
Tom was extremely concerned about that.
Tom was extremely devout.
Tom was extremely disrespectful.
Tom was extremely fast.
Tom was extremely foolish.
Tom was extremely grateful for Mary's help.
Tom was extremely grateful.
Tom was extremely happy.
Tom was extremely helpful.
Tom was extremely impolite.
Tom was extremely intelligent.
Tom was extremely kind to me.
Tom was extremely mad at Mary.
Tom was extremely nervous.
Tom was extremely nice to Mary.
Tom was extremely pale.
Tom was extremely pleased.
Tom was extremely popular with all the girls.
Tom was extremely popular.
Tom was extremely protective.
Tom was extremely proud of his children.
Tom was extremely rude to Mary.
Tom was extremely rude to the waitress.
Tom was extremely rude.
Tom was extremely shy when he was a child.
Tom was extremely shy when he was a kid.
Tom was extremely shy when he was in kindergarten.
Tom was extremely sick.
Tom was extremely unlucky.
Tom was extremely upset.
Tom was exuberant.
Tom was face down on the floor.
Tom was faced with a difficult choice.
Tom was faced with an enormous task when his mother died leaving a badly cluttered house for him to clean up.
Tom was facedown on the ground and Mary was crouching next to him.
Tom was facing Mary.
Tom was facing the death penalty.
Tom was facing the prospect of having to repeat a year because of a five in English and French.
Tom was fair, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was fair.
Tom was fairly nervous.
Tom was fairly tired.
Tom was fairly young when Mary first met him.
Tom was faking.
Tom was falling behind.
Tom was falling-down drunk.
Tom was falsely accused.
Tom was famished.
Tom was famous.
Tom was famously convicted of trying to steal Princess Diana's lap dog on a number of separate occasions.
Tom was fantastic.
Tom was far ahead of his time. It took science a hundred and fifty years to catch up with him.
Tom was far and away the best.
Tom was far more conservative than Mary.
Tom was farting at the meeting.
Tom was fascinated by Mary's story.
Tom was fascinated by everything he saw.
Tom was fascinated by that.
Tom was fascinated by what was going on.
Tom was fascinated by what was happening.
Tom was fascinated, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was fascinated.
Tom was fashionably late.
Tom was fast asleep on the couch when I walked into the living room.
Tom was fast asleep when Mary entered the room.
Tom was fast asleep when the telephone rang.
Tom was fast asleep.
Tom was fast, but Mary was faster.
Tom was fast, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was fast, too.
Tom was fast.
Tom was faster than Mary.
Tom was faster than me.
Tom was faster than them.
Tom was faster this time.
Tom was fasting.
Tom was fat the last time I saw him.
Tom was fat.
Tom was fatally injured.
Tom was fatally wounded in battle.
Tom was fatally wounded in the battle.
Tom was fatally wounded.
Tom was fatter three years ago than he is now.
Tom was feared by everyone.
Tom was fearless.
Tom was fed up with Mary.
Tom was fed up with eating the low quality food provided by the prison.
Tom was fed up with having to repeat himself all the time.
Tom was fed up with waiting for Mary.
Tom was feeding a stray cat.
Tom was feeding birds in the park the last time I saw him.
Tom was feeding his dog.
Tom was feeling a little guilty.
Tom was feeling adventurous.
Tom was feeling bad because he'd eaten a lot of cake dough.
Tom was feeling bad because he'd eaten too much cake dough.
Tom was feeling burned out.
Tom was feeling down because Mary made fun of his hair style.
Tom was feeling hungry.
Tom was feeling ill.
Tom was feeling lonely.
Tom was feeling more confused than ever.
Tom was feeling on top of the world after getting a promotion.
Tom was feeling peckish, so he rang room service and ordered a hamburger.
Tom was feeling pretty cocky.
Tom was feeling pretty happy.
Tom was feeling pretty hungry.
Tom was feeling pretty rotten.
Tom was feeling pretty tired.
Tom was feeling sleepy.
Tom was feeling tired.
Tom was feeling unwell.
Tom was feeling woozy.
Tom was feted almost like a pop star.
Tom was fighting back tears.
Tom was fighting.
Tom was filled with deep-seated, seething hatred of John and wanted to kill him, to strike him with a club or with a sword. However, he could not do that. He had to remain loyal to him as his vassal, to stand beside him in battle and look on as this man was ever accompanied by Mary, whom he, Tom, had fallen in love with already as a little boy.
Tom was filled with joy.
Tom was filled with pride.
Tom was filled with self-loathing.
Tom was finally able to buy himself a home, as he had long desired.
Tom was finally able to do that.
Tom was finally able to get his car started.
Tom was finally able to get in touch with Mary.
Tom was finally able to get the door open.
Tom was finally able to win.
Tom was finally acquitted.
Tom was finally allowed to talk.
Tom was finally arrested.
Tom was finally captured.
Tom was finally forced to resign.
Tom was finally happy for the first time in months.
Tom was finally ready to spill the beans.
Tom was finally rescued by a mysterious flying saucer full of little green men.
Tom was finding it hard to concentrate.
Tom was fine with that.
Tom was fine.
Tom was fined $200 for not being able to pay his fines.
Tom was fined $300.
Tom was fined for crossing on a red light.
Tom was fined for driving without a license.
Tom was fined for going through a red light.
Tom was fined for illegal downloading of ROMs.
Tom was fined for jaywalking.
Tom was fined for littering.
Tom was fined for not wearing a seatbelt.
Tom was fined for running a red light.
Tom was fined for speeding.
Tom was fined three hundred dollars for that.
Tom was fined three hundred dollars.
Tom was fined.
Tom was fingerprinted and swabbed for DNA.
Tom was fingerprinted by the police.
Tom was fingerprinted.
Tom was finished doing that by 2:30, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom was finished, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was finished.
Tom was fired after being caught playing Tetris at work.
Tom was fired after being late three times.
Tom was fired and replaced with a less qualified white man.
Tom was fired because he couldn't be trusted.
Tom was fired because he often showed up late for work.
Tom was fired because he wasn't able to do the job he'd been hired to do.
Tom was fired for a good reason.
Tom was fired for being late.
Tom was fired for being rude to a customer.
Tom was fired for being rude to customers.
Tom was fired for breaking the rules.
Tom was fired for constantly being late to work.
Tom was fired for doing that.
Tom was fired for loafing on the job.
Tom was fired for repeatedly showing up to work drunk.
Tom was fired for stealing money from the cash register.
Tom was fired for unreliability.
Tom was fired for using a racial epithet at work.
Tom was fired from his job and his wife left him.
Tom was fired from his job for stealing.
Tom was fired from his job last week.
Tom was fired from his job this afternoon.
Tom was fired from his job.
Tom was fired in 2013.
Tom was fired in October.
Tom was fired in late October.
Tom was fired last October.
Tom was fired last week.
Tom was fired on Monday.
Tom was fired on October 20th.
Tom was fired over a sexual harassment allegation.
Tom was fired this afternoon.
Tom was fired three weeks ago.
Tom was fired without cause.
Tom was fired without notice.
Tom was fired, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was fired.
Tom was firmly grasping his balls.
Tom was first elected in 2013.
Tom was first in line.
Tom was first last time.
Tom was first one to finish eating.
Tom was first one to jump into the water.
Tom was first one to reach the summit.
Tom was first one to say he'd help.
Tom was first one to turn in his homework.
Tom was first one to volunteer.
Tom was first.
Tom was fishing.
Tom was five when I last saw him.
Tom was five years old when I talked with him last time.
Tom was fixing Mary's car.
Tom was fixing his car.
Tom was flabbergasted when he discovered his name means "empty" in Danish.
Tom was flabbergasted when he heard the news.
Tom was flabbergasted.
Tom was flattered by Mary's attention.
Tom was flattered by Mary’s attention.
Tom was flattered.
Tom was flirtatious.
Tom was flirting with Mary, which made Alice jealous.
Tom was flirting with Mary.
Tom was flogged three times.
Tom was flown by helicopter to a trauma center.
Tom was fluent in French.
Tom was flustered, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was flustered.
Tom was flying high after he heard the news.
Tom was flying.
Tom was focused on something else at that time.
Tom was focused.
Tom was folding his laundry when I entered the room.
Tom was folding his laundry.
Tom was followed around the store by a clerk because he was black.
Tom was following Mary.
Tom was following me.
Tom was following us.
Tom was following you.
Tom was fond of fishing.
Tom was fond of talking about himself.
Tom was fooled again by Mary.
Tom was fooled again.
Tom was fooled.
Tom was foolish enough to believe Mary.
Tom was foolish enough to believe everything Mary said.
Tom was foolish enough to believe everything Mary told him.
Tom was foolish enough to believe everything that Mary said.
Tom was foolish enough to believe what Mary told him.
Tom was foolish enough to tell Mary that.
Tom was foolish.
Tom was forced into bankruptcy.
Tom was forced into the closet at knife-point.
Tom was forced into the van at gunpoint.
Tom was forced to abandon the mission.
Tom was forced to admit he'd been wrong.
Tom was forced to admit that he had been wrong.
Tom was forced to admit that he'd been wrong.
Tom was forced to confess.
Tom was forced to continue on his own.
Tom was forced to do some things he didn't want to do.
Tom was forced to do some things that he didn't want to do.
Tom was forced to do that on his own.
Tom was forced to do that.
Tom was forced to do the work.
Tom was forced to eat at gunpoint.
Tom was forced to give up his job.
Tom was forced to give up.
Tom was forced to improvise.
Tom was forced to kill his dog.
Tom was forced to kill one of his daughters.
Tom was forced to make a choice.
Tom was forced to make a radical decision.
Tom was forced to move back in with his parents.
Tom was forced to move in with his wife's parents.
Tom was forced to quit his job.
Tom was forced to resign.
Tom was forced to retire.
Tom was forced to return home.
Tom was forced to sell everything he owned.
Tom was forced to sell his car.
Tom was forced to sell his farm.
Tom was forced to sell his house.
Tom was forced to sign the document.
Tom was forced to sign the paper.
Tom was forced to something he didn't want to do.
Tom was forced to something that he didn't want to do.
Tom was forced to stay with friends.
Tom was forced to watch from the sidelines.
Tom was forced to work.
Tom was forgiven by Mary.
Tom was forgiven.
Tom was formerly a French teacher.
Tom was formerly a bank clerk.
Tom was fortunate that Mary did that for him.
Tom was fortunate that Mary helped him do that.
Tom was fortunate that he was able to do that.
Tom was fortunate.
Tom was forty-five minutes late.
Tom was found alive late Monday.
Tom was found alive.
Tom was found and rescued by Mary.
Tom was found bludgeoned to death.
Tom was found brutally murdered.
Tom was found covered in blood.
Tom was found dead in a cave behind his house.
Tom was found dead in a ditch beside the road.
Tom was found dead in an alley.
Tom was found dead in front his house.
Tom was found dead in his apartment.
Tom was found dead in his bed.
Tom was found dead in his car.
Tom was found dead in his garage.
Tom was found dead in his hotel room in Boston three days ago.
Tom was found dead in his hotel room.
Tom was found dead in his house yesterday.
Tom was found dead in his office.
Tom was found dead in his pool.
Tom was found dead in his prison cell.
Tom was found dead in his room.
Tom was found dead in his sleeping bag.
Tom was found dead in his study.
Tom was found dead in the alley behind the restaurant.
Tom was found dead in the alley.
Tom was found dead in the front seat of his car.
Tom was found dead in the woods.
Tom was found dead on Monday.
Tom was found dead on October 20th.
Tom was found dead on the spot.
Tom was found dead this morning.
Tom was found dead today.
Tom was found dead.
Tom was found drowned in a river.
Tom was found drunk in front of his house.
Tom was found guilty and fined.
Tom was found guilty of a murder he didn't commit.
Tom was found guilty of first-degree murder.
Tom was found guilty of murder and sentenced to life.
Tom was found guilty of murder and was sentenced to life.
Tom was found guilty of murder.
Tom was found guilty.
Tom was found hiding behind the barn.
Tom was found hiding in his basement.
Tom was found in Boston, wasn't he?
Tom was found lying blind drunk in someone's front garden, his wallet, keys and mobile phone stolen.
Tom was found lying blind drunk in someone's front garden. His wallet, keys and mobile phone had been stolen.
Tom was found lying face down in a pool of blood.
Tom was found mortally wounded.
Tom was found murdered in his garage.
Tom was found murdered in the woods.
Tom was found murdered this morning.
Tom was found not guilty.
Tom was found out drinking on the job.
Tom was found safe and sound at his grandmother's house.
Tom was found safe in Boston.
Tom was found shot to death.
Tom was found strangled in his apartment.
Tom was found strangled.
Tom was found tied to a chair in the basement.
Tom was found unconscious.
Tom was found unresponsive at his home.
Tom was found with the murder weapon.
Tom was framed for Mary's murder.
Tom was framed for murder.
Tom was framed to be the perpetrator of Mary's murder.
Tom was framed.
Tom was frank.
Tom was frantic, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was frantic.
Tom was freaked out by that.
Tom was freaked out.
Tom was freaking out.
Tom was freezing to death.
Tom was fresh out of high school when he started working here.
Tom was friendly to me.
Tom was friendly to us.
Tom was friendly, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was friendly.
Tom was friends with Mary for many years.
Tom was friends with both Mary and John.
Tom was friends with my son.
Tom was frightened and didn't want to be left alone.
Tom was frightened and tried to leave.
Tom was frightened at the sight.
Tom was frightened by the sight.
Tom was frightened by the storm.
Tom was frightened to death.
Tom was frightened, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was frightened, too.
Tom was frightened.
Tom was frightfully murdered during the last days of the war.
Tom was frisked by a police officer.
Tom was frisked by the police officer.
Tom was frisked.
Tom was from a humble background, but he became one of the richest men in the country.
Tom was from a rival gang.
Tom was frowning slightly.
Tom was frozen to death.
Tom was frustrated by his inability to help.
Tom was frustrated by the long line at the register.
Tom was frustrated that he wasn't able to get more done.
Tom was frustrated, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was frustrated.
Tom was fucking Mary while translating this sentence on his Android device.
Tom was full of bombast and pride until a dart flew straight into his forehead.
Tom was full of confidence.
Tom was full of enthusiasm.
Tom was full of hatred for two women: He hated his wife and his mother for even longer.
Tom was full of himself.
Tom was full of joy.
Tom was full of remorse after stealing Mary's car and writing it off.
Tom was full of surprises.
Tom was full.
Tom was fully aware of the situation.
Tom was fully clothed.
Tom was fully dressed.
Tom was fuming.
Tom was fun to be with.
Tom was fun to talk to.
Tom was fun.
Tom was funny, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was funny.
Tom was furious about that.
Tom was furious about the people wearing fur on the movie set.
Tom was furious at Mary.
Tom was furious that Mary was always late for their weekly meeting, and said he thought it was a sign of disrespect.
Tom was furious when he saw Mary kiss someone else.
Tom was furious with Mary.
Tom was furious, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was furious, but he tempered his language because there were children present.
Tom was furious.
Tom was fussy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was fussy.
Tom was fêted almost like a pop star.
Tom was gagged and tied to a chair when the police found him.
Tom was gagged with a handkerchief.
Tom was gagged.
Tom was gambling.
Tom was gasping for air.
Tom was gaunt when they found him.
Tom was generous enough to offer me a loan.
Tom was generous, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was generous.
Tom was gentle.
Tom was genuinely annoyed.
Tom was genuinely astonished.
Tom was genuinely happy to see Mary.
Tom was genuinely puzzled.
Tom was genuinely scared.
Tom was genuinely shocked.
Tom was genuinely surprised.
Tom was genuinely touched.
Tom was genuinely troubled.
Tom was genuinely worried about Mary.
Tom was gesticulating.
Tom was gesturing.
Tom was getting a little fussy.
Tom was getting agitated.
Tom was getting annoyed.
Tom was getting antsy.
Tom was getting hot.
Tom was getting hungry, so he went into the kitchen to make a sandwich.
Tom was getting impatient.
Tom was getting increasingly angry.
Tom was getting ready for work.
Tom was getting ready to do that when I saw him this morning.
Tom was getting ready to go out with his friends.
Tom was getting ready to go.
Tom was getting ready to leave when I saw him.
Tom was getting ready to leave.
Tom was getting ready.
Tom was getting sleepy since it was past his bedtime.
Tom was getting sleepy.
Tom was getting tired of doing that.
Tom was getting tired of hearing Mary bragging about winning the race.
Tom was getting tired.
Tom was getting under Mary's skin.
Tom was getting under Mary’s skin.
Tom was getting very frightened.
Tom was getting very scared.
Tom was getting worried.
Tom was getting yelled at by his boss.
Tom was giddy with excitement.
Tom was giggling.
Tom was given a 20-week prison sentence.
Tom was given a blood transfusion.
Tom was given a chance to do that.
Tom was given a chance to try doing that.
Tom was given a chance to try to do that.
Tom was given a chance.
Tom was given a chemistry set before he even started school?
Tom was given a gift card.
Tom was given a life sentence for killing a security guard.
Tom was given a life sentence.
Tom was given a medal.
Tom was given a new uniform.
Tom was given a polygraph.
Tom was given a present.
Tom was given a raise.
Tom was given a second chance.
Tom was given a six-month suspended sentence.
Tom was given a tetanus jab after he was bitten by a dog.
Tom was given a ticket.
Tom was given a warm reception.
Tom was given a warning.
Tom was given an award.
Tom was given an enema.
Tom was given an exemption.
Tom was given an hour's notice.
Tom was given an injection with a hypodermic needle.
Tom was given antibiotics.
Tom was given detention for passing notes in class.
Tom was given detention for talking during class.
Tom was given full custody of the children.
Tom was given hot soup.
Tom was given orders.
Tom was given permission to leave.
Tom was given some money.
Tom was given strict instructions.
Tom was given the opportunity to change it, but he chose not to.
Tom was given the opportunity to retract his statement, but he chose not to.
Tom was given the post.
Tom was given the same chance that you and I were given.
Tom was given the same chance you and I were given.
Tom was given thirty years.
Tom was given three units of blood.
Tom was given three years in prison.
Tom was given unrestricted access.
Tom was given up for dead, but he reappeared.
Tom was given up for dead.
Tom was giving a speech.
Tom was glad I did it the way he wanted me to.
Tom was glad I did it the way he wanted.
Tom was glad Mary came.
Tom was glad Mary did that for him.
Tom was glad Mary didn't do that for him.
Tom was glad Mary helped him do that.
Tom was glad Mary was there.
Tom was glad he didn't have to live in Australia for more than a year.
Tom was glad he didn't have to live in Boston for more than a year.
Tom was glad he didn’t have to live in Boston for more than a year.
Tom was glad he got there early.
Tom was glad that I did as he wanted.
Tom was glad that I had taken him there.
Tom was glad that I took him there.
Tom was glad that Mary agreed with him.
Tom was glad that Mary came over.
Tom was glad that Mary helped him.
Tom was glad that Mary said she would go to the dance with him.
Tom was glad that Mary understood what he was trying to say.
Tom was glad that Mary understood.
Tom was glad that Mary was able to pass the test.
Tom was glad that Mary was home with the children.
Tom was glad that Mary was there.
Tom was glad that he'd bought a bottle of wine with a screw cap, since he couldn't find his corkscrew.
Tom was glad that it was behind him.
Tom was glad that someone agreed with him.
Tom was glad that the main highway signs giving distances to towns, etc., all had roman-alphabet transliterations below the Georgian town names.
Tom was glad that we helped him with the harvest.
Tom was glad to be alone.
Tom was glad to be there with us.
Tom was glad to do that for Mary.
Tom was glad to find Mary alone.
Tom was glad to have got the wood for free.
Tom was glad to hear Mary's voice.
Tom was glad to hear Mary’s voice.
Tom was glad to hear the news.
Tom was glad to see Mary again.
Tom was glad to see Mary and John getting along so well.
Tom was glad to see Mary happy again.
Tom was glad to see Mary.
Tom was glad to see that the tomato hornworm on his tomato plant now had the eggs of a parasite attached to its back, because that meant it would soon be dead and no longer eating his tomatoes.
Tom was glad to see us again.
Tom was glad when Mary offered to help him in the garden.
Tom was glad.
Tom was glaring at Mary.
Tom was glaring at me.
Tom was glued to his TV during the World Cup final.
Tom was glued to his phone.
Tom was gobsmacked when he was told that a truck had crashed into his house.
Tom was going 50 over the speed limit when the police pulled him over.
Tom was going in that direction.
Tom was going in the wrong direction.
Tom was going really fast when he ran off the road.
Tom was going really fast.
Tom was going through a difficult time.
Tom was going to ask Mary to do that, but asked John instead.
Tom was going to ask Mary to do that, but decided not to.
Tom was going to ask Mary to do that.
Tom was going to ask Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom was going to ask you about that.
Tom was going to be transferred to Boston, but they decided to fire him instead.
Tom was going to betray me.
Tom was going to burn all the letters he had gotten from Mary, but John told him he shouldn't.
Tom was going to buy a gun, but Mary talked him out of it.
Tom was going to do it.
Tom was going to do that anyway.
Tom was going to do that for Mary.
Tom was going to do that for me.
Tom was going to do that for you.
Tom was going to do that himself.
Tom was going to do that the day before yesterday.
Tom was going to do that yesterday.
Tom was going to do that.
Tom was going to drive to Boston, but he changed his mind.
Tom was going to expose us.
Tom was going to fix that.
Tom was going to give me that.
Tom was going to go hang gliding, but then he chickened out.
Tom was going to go the day before yesterday.
Tom was going to go to Australia to see Mary, but decided not to.
Tom was going to go to Australia with me, but decided not to.
Tom was going to go to Boston to see Mary, but decided not to.
Tom was going to go to Boston with me, but decided not to.
Tom was going to go to the library but decided not to.
Tom was going to have surgery in September.
Tom was going to help us.
Tom was going to help you do that.
Tom was going to kill them.
Tom was going to lie, but he ended up spilling the beans.
Tom was going to marry Mary.
Tom was going to quit his job, but Mary talked him out of it.
Tom was going to shave his head, but Mary talked him out of it.
Tom was going to shoot me.
Tom was going to shoot them.
Tom was going to shoot us.
Tom was going to sign it, but decided not to.
Tom was going to talk to Mary about that.
Tom was going to talk to you first.
Tom was going to tell Mary about that.
Tom was going to tell Mary anyway.
Tom was going to tell Mary, but decided not to.
Tom was going to tell Mary, but he forgot to.
Tom was going to tell Mary, but he forgot.
Tom was going to tell you.
Tom was gone a lot.
Tom was gone all yesterday afternoon.
Tom was gone almost all day.
Tom was gone by the time we got there, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was gone by the time we got there.
Tom was gone for a long time.
Tom was gone for over thirty minutes.
Tom was gone for the entire day.
Tom was gone for the whole day.
Tom was gone for thirty minutes.
Tom was gone for three days.
Tom was gone for three hours.
Tom was gone for three months.
Tom was gone immediately.
Tom was gone soon after that.
Tom was gone thirty minutes.
Tom was gone when I got home.
Tom was gone.
Tom was good and drunk.
Tom was good and scared.
Tom was good as usual.
Tom was good at baseball.
Tom was good at every sport he tried.
Tom was good at getting along with people.
Tom was good at his job.
Tom was good at math in high school.
Tom was good at mathematics in high school.
Tom was good at playing chess.
Tom was good at playing the violin.
Tom was good at that.
Tom was good at violin.
Tom was good to me.
Tom was good with people.
Tom was good, but Mary was better.
Tom was good.
Tom was goofing around.
Tom was gracious in defeat.
Tom was granted an exemption.
Tom was grateful for your help.
Tom was grateful to be alive.
Tom was grateful to us.
Tom was grateful.
Tom was great at that.
Tom was great at the slalom in SkiFree.
Tom was great fun to be with.
Tom was great to all of us.
Tom was great tonight.
Tom was great.
Tom was greatly affected by the death of his only daughter.
Tom was greatly affected by the death of his son.
Tom was greedy.
Tom was green behind the ears when it came to defending himself in court.
Tom was green with envy.
Tom was greeted with open arms.
Tom was grief-stricken.
Tom was grieving.
Tom was grinning at Mary.
Tom was grinning from ear to ear.
Tom was grinning.
Tom was groaning in pain.
Tom was groaning.
Tom was groggy with sleep.
Tom was groggy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was groggy.
Tom was grooving along to the music.
Tom was groping around in the dark for his glasses.
Tom was gross.
Tom was grouchy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was grounded by his parents.
Tom was grounded for three weeks.
Tom was grumpy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was grumpy.
Tom was grunting.
Tom was guillotined during the American Civil War.
Tom was guilty of spreading lies about Mary.
Tom was guilty of taking the money.
Tom was guilty.
Tom was gullible.
Tom was gunned down by an FBI agent.
Tom was gunned down in front of the restaurant that he owned.
Tom was gunned down in front of the restaurant where he worked.
Tom was gunned down in the street in front of the church.
Tom was gunned down in the street.
Tom was gunned down just outside the courthouse.
Tom was gunned down on the sidewalk in front of his house.
Tom was gunned down.
Tom was gutted by the death of his best friend.
Tom was gutted when he failed the exam.
Tom was hacked.
Tom was half asleep by the time he got home.
Tom was half asleep.
Tom was half beaten to death.
Tom was half expecting this.
Tom was half naked.
Tom was half right.
Tom was half-asleep.
Tom was half-dead when they found him.
Tom was halfway down the hallway before he noticed Mary wasn't following him.
Tom was halfway out the door when the phone rang.
Tom was hallucinating.
Tom was hammered.
Tom was handcuffed and shoved into the back of the police car.
Tom was handcuffed to the chair he was sitting on.
Tom was handcuffed to the chair that he was sitting on.
Tom was handcuffed, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was handcuffed.
Tom was handed a task that could not have been more difficult.
Tom was handed over to the police.
Tom was handsome when he was in his twenties.
Tom was handsome.
Tom was hanged for a murder he did not commit.
Tom was hanged for a murder he didn't commit.
Tom was hanged for a murder that he didn't commit.
Tom was hanged in 2013.
Tom was hanging out with a bunch of other boys, most of them a bit older than him.
Tom was hanging out with his friends yesterday in the park.
Tom was happier and healthier when he lived in the country.
Tom was happier and healthier while living in the countryside.
Tom was happily married.
Tom was happily surprised.
Tom was happy about it.
Tom was happy about that present.
Tom was happy about that.
Tom was happy about the news, and so was I.
Tom was happy and carefree.
Tom was happy and so was I.
Tom was happy and warm.
Tom was happy because he was able to buy his golf clubs at half price.
Tom was happy for Mary.
Tom was happy for a time.
Tom was happy he passed the exam.
Tom was happy in my vision.
Tom was happy selling shoes.
Tom was happy that Mary did that for him.
Tom was happy that Mary helped him do that.
Tom was happy that Mary was not angry with him.
Tom was happy that everybody had enough to eat.
Tom was happy that he could meet people from various countries.
Tom was happy that he passed the exam.
Tom was happy that his daughter drew him a picture and he thought about it all day.
Tom was happy that his landlady lowered the rent.
Tom was happy that his landlord lowered the rent.
Tom was happy that someone wanted his old piano.
Tom was happy to be home after being away for so long.
Tom was happy to be home again.
Tom was happy to be reunited with his girlfriend.
Tom was happy to cooperate.
Tom was happy to do anything for Mary.
Tom was happy to do that for Mary.
Tom was happy to get the gift.
Tom was happy to have another chance.
Tom was happy to have spoken Kabyle with his mother-in-law.
Tom was happy to hear Mary's voice over the phone.
Tom was happy to help.
Tom was happy to oblige.
Tom was happy to see Mary again.
Tom was happy to see Mary there.
Tom was happy to see Mary.
Tom was happy to see her so relaxed.
Tom was happy to see his friend Mary.
Tom was happy tonight.
Tom was happy when I told him about what had happened.
Tom was happy when I told him that Mary would be visiting.
Tom was happy when all the girls who were walking by him on the street smiled at him, but his happiness quickly faded when he discovered that his fly was unzipped.
Tom was happy when he got his final exam back and saw that he'd passed.
Tom was happy with how things turned out.
Tom was happy with the agreement.
Tom was happy with the gift that you gave him.
Tom was happy with the gift you gave him.
Tom was happy with the results.
Tom was happy with the settlement.
Tom was happy with the way we did that.
Tom was happy with what he saw.
Tom was happy working in the garden.
Tom was happy.
Tom was happy. Not for long, though.
Tom was harassing Mary.
Tom was harassing a mime.
Tom was harboring a fugitive.
Tom was hard on Mary.
Tom was hard to convince.
Tom was hard to find.
Tom was hard to pin down.
Tom was hard to please.
Tom was hard up for money and said he would take any job he was offered.
Tom was hardheaded.
Tom was hardworking.
Tom was harsh and unkind to Mary.
Tom was harsh.
Tom was harshly punished.
Tom was hateful.
Tom was haunted by painful memories of the Vietnam War.
Tom was haunted by the demons of his past.
Tom was having a bad day.
Tom was having a fight with Mary.
Tom was having a good day in his new home.
Tom was having a good time.
Tom was having a great time.
Tom was having a hard time swimming in the choppy water.
Tom was having a hard time swimming.
Tom was having a little trouble.
Tom was having a lot of fun.
Tom was having a nightmare.
Tom was having a panic attack.
Tom was having a really hard time doing that.
Tom was having a very good time.
Tom was having all kinds of bad luck.
Tom was having an argument with Mary.
Tom was having car trouble.
Tom was having doubts.
Tom was having fun, too.
Tom was having fun.
Tom was having hot flashes.
Tom was having lunch at the cafeteria.
Tom was having lunch with Mary on the veranda.
Tom was having the time of his life.
Tom was having trouble breathing, so we took him to the hospital.
Tom was having trouble breathing.
Tom was having trouble doing that.
Tom was having trouble trying to find his best pair of cuff links.
Tom was having trouble, so I agreed to help him.
Tom was having trouble.
Tom was head over heels for Mary.
Tom was head over heels in love with Mary.
Tom was head over heels in love.
Tom was head-over-heels in love with Mary.
Tom was headed in that direction.
Tom was headed that way.
Tom was heading down a dangerous path.
Tom was heading out of town when I saw him this morning.
Tom was heading out of town when I saw him.
Tom was healthy.
Tom was heartbroken when Mary broke up with him.
Tom was heartbroken when Mary passed away.
Tom was heartbroken when Mary told him she was leaving him.
Tom was heartbroken when Mary told him that she was leaving him.
Tom was heartbroken when his dog died.
Tom was heartbroken.
Tom was held back a grade.
Tom was held captive for almost a year.
Tom was held down.
Tom was held hostage for a whole month.
Tom was held hostage.
Tom was held in captivity for two months.
Tom was held in the county jail.
Tom was held up in a traffic jam.
Tom was helped by a Good Samaritan.
Tom was helpful to me.
Tom was helpful, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was helpful.
Tom was helping Mary do that.
Tom was helping Mary.
Tom was helping his mother.
Tom was helping me.
Tom was helping out in the kitchen.
Tom was helping out.
Tom was helping the poor.
Tom was helping us with that.
Tom was helping us.
Tom was helping.
Tom was helpless.
Tom was her youngest brother.
Tom was here a couple months ago.
Tom was here a couple of days ago.
Tom was here a few minutes ago.
Tom was here a few weeks ago.
Tom was here a few weeks back.
Tom was here a long time ago.
Tom was here a long time.
Tom was here a minute ago.
Tom was here a second ago.
Tom was here a while ago looking for Mary.
Tom was here a while ago.
Tom was here about three hours ago.
Tom was here again this morning.
Tom was here all day long.
Tom was here all day yesterday.
Tom was here all day.
Tom was here almost all afternoon.
Tom was here as well.
Tom was here at 2:30.
Tom was here at that time.
Tom was here at the time.
Tom was here before I was.
Tom was here before Mary left.
Tom was here before me.
Tom was here before sunrise.
Tom was here before.
Tom was here earlier looking for Mary.
Tom was here earlier this evening.
Tom was here earlier this morning.
Tom was here earlier this week.
Tom was here earlier today looking for you.
Tom was here earlier today.
Tom was here earlier tonight.
Tom was here earlier, wasn't he?
Tom was here earlier.
Tom was here first.
Tom was here for Mary's birthday.
Tom was here for a long time.
Tom was here for a while.
Tom was here for just three nights.
Tom was here for quite a while this afternoon.
Tom was here for quite a while.
Tom was here for several hours yesterday.
Tom was here for three days.
Tom was here for three hours.
Tom was here for three years.
Tom was here in Boston last Monday.
Tom was here in Boston until the day before yesterday.
Tom was here just a few days ago.
Tom was here just a few minutes ago.
Tom was here just a minute ago.
Tom was here just a moment ago.
Tom was here just the other day.
Tom was here last Monday.
Tom was here last night.
Tom was here last week.
Tom was here last year.
Tom was here less than an hour ago.
Tom was here most of the afternoon.
Tom was here not too long ago.
Tom was here not very long ago.
Tom was here on Monday.
Tom was here on October 20th.
Tom was here on the evening of the 20th.
Tom was here one day last week.
Tom was here recently.
Tom was here that evening.
Tom was here the day before yesterday.
Tom was here the last time.
Tom was here the last week of October.
Tom was here the other day.
Tom was here the whole time.
Tom was here then.
Tom was here thirty minutes ago.
Tom was here this afternoon.
Tom was here this morning.
Tom was here three days.
Tom was here to help Mary.
Tom was here today asking for help.
Tom was here today.
Tom was here tonight.
Tom was here until 2:30.
Tom was here when I arrived.
Tom was here when I came in.
Tom was here when I got here.
Tom was here when I got home.
Tom was here when I woke up this morning.
Tom was here when that happened.
Tom was here with Mary yesterday afternoon.
Tom was here with Mary yesterday evening.
Tom was here with Mary.
Tom was here with me all day yesterday.
Tom was here with me all day.
Tom was here with me on the evening of the 20th.
Tom was here with me that evening.
Tom was here with me the whole time.
Tom was here with us the whole time.
Tom was here yesterday doing that.
Tom was here yesterday morning, wasn't he?
Tom was here yesterday.
Tom was here, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was here, but he left.
Tom was here, but he's already left.
Tom was here, too.
Tom was here, wasn't he?
Tom was here.
Tom was heroic.
Tom was hesitant at first.
Tom was hesitant to agree to do that.
Tom was hesitant to do that, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was hesitant to do that.
Tom was hesitant to kiss Mary.
Tom was hesitant to take another cookie, even though Mary offered him one.
Tom was hesitant, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was hesitant.
Tom was hiding a secret from Mary.
Tom was hiding behind a bush.
Tom was hiding behind a tree.
Tom was hiding behind his mother.
Tom was hiding behind the curtain.
Tom was hiding behind the door.
Tom was hiding in a barn.
Tom was hiding in some bushes.
Tom was hiding in the attic.
Tom was hiding in the barn.
Tom was hiding in the basement.
Tom was hiding in the broom closet.
Tom was hiding in the bushes.
Tom was hiding in the mountains.
Tom was hiding in the shadows.
Tom was hiding in the woods.
Tom was hiding in there.
Tom was hiding something behind his back.
Tom was hiding something.
Tom was hiding under the table.
Tom was high.
Tom was highly educated and spoke several languages fluently.
Tom was highly motivated.
Tom was hilarious.
Tom was hired a long time ago.
Tom was hired as an expert witness.
Tom was hired as an interpreter.
Tom was hired as road manager.
Tom was hired away by a rival company.
Tom was hired because of his looks.
Tom was hired before Mary got fired.
Tom was hired by John to be his bodyguard.
Tom was hired by us in 2013.
Tom was hired in October.
Tom was hired on the spot.
Tom was hired the same day Mary got fired.
Tom was hired the same day that Mary got fired.
Tom was hired to be Mary's bodyguard.
Tom was hired to do my job before I got fired.
Tom was hired to supervise the production of Mary's music video.
Tom was hired to supervise the production of Mary’s music video.
Tom was hired yesterday.
Tom was hired.
Tom was his usual, chipper self today.
Tom was hit by a car and died.
Tom was hit by a car in Australia last month.
Tom was hit by a car in Boston last month.
Tom was hit by a car while crossing the street.
Tom was hit by a car while he was crossing the street.
Tom was hit by a car.
Tom was hit by a cyclist.
Tom was hit by a drunk driver.
Tom was hit by a golf ball.
Tom was hit by a huge hailstone.
Tom was hit by a motorcyclist.
Tom was hit by a train.
Tom was hit by a tram.
Tom was hit by a tranquilizer dart.
Tom was hit by a truck and died instantly.
Tom was hit by a truck.
Tom was hit by an arrow.
Tom was hit by lightning on the beach and died.
Tom was hit by lightning.
Tom was hit by someone from behind.
Tom was hit from behind.
Tom was hit on the head.
Tom was hit.
Tom was hoarse from yelling at the football match.
Tom was holding Mary in his arms.
Tom was holding Mary's hand.
Tom was holding a baseball bat in one hand and his baseball cap in the other.
Tom was holding a bloody knife in his hand when the police entered the room.
Tom was holding a bottle of wine.
Tom was holding a candle.
Tom was holding a flashlight.
Tom was holding a glass of whiskey in one hand and a cigarette in the other.
Tom was holding a glass of whisky in one hand and a cigarette in the other.
Tom was holding a glass of wine.
Tom was holding a gun.
Tom was holding a hammer and a chisel.
Tom was holding a jug.
Tom was holding a kitchen knife in his right hand.
Tom was holding a knife in his left hand and a baseball bat in his right.
Tom was holding a knife in his right hand.
Tom was holding a knife.
Tom was holding a lamb in his arms.
Tom was holding a mug in his right hand.
Tom was holding a package in his hands.
Tom was holding a pen in his right hand.
Tom was holding a pistol.
Tom was holding a rifle.
Tom was holding a rusty knife.
Tom was holding a short piece of pipe in his left hand and a knife in his right.
Tom was holding a small box in his hands.
Tom was holding a small box of stuff.
Tom was holding a small flashlight in his right hand.
Tom was holding a small package.
Tom was holding a suitcase in one hand and an umbrella in the other.
Tom was holding a towel.
Tom was holding an umbrella.
Tom was holding hands with Mary.
Tom was holding on tight.
Tom was holding something in his left hand.
Tom was holding something in his right hand.
Tom was home Monday afternoon.
Tom was home Monday.
Tom was home all alone.
Tom was home all day.
Tom was home all night.
Tom was home alone at the time.
Tom was home alone in Boston during spring break.
Tom was home alone in Boston last Christmas.
Tom was home alone with Mary during the storm.
Tom was home alone with Mary.
Tom was home alone.
Tom was home at the time.
Tom was home last Monday evening.
Tom was home on Monday, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was home on Monday.
Tom was home with Mary when that happened.
Tom was home with a cold last week.
Tom was home yesterday, wasn't he?
Tom was home yesterday.
Tom was home, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was home-schooled.
Tom was home.
Tom was homeless.
Tom was homeschooled.
Tom was homesick and wanted to see his family again.
Tom was homesick, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was homesick.
Tom was honest about that.
Tom was honest about the problem.
Tom was honest with me.
Tom was honest with us.
Tom was honest, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was honest.
Tom was honking his horn.
Tom was hooked immediately.
Tom was hooked.
Tom was hoping Mary could do that with him.
Tom was hoping Mary could help him.
Tom was hoping Mary would do that.
Tom was hoping Mary would eat lunch with him.
Tom was hoping Mary would help him.
Tom was hoping Mary would smile at him.
Tom was hoping Mary would win.
Tom was hoping Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom was hoping Mary wouldn't eat the rest of the ice cream.
Tom was hoping Mary wouldn't find out the truth.
Tom was hoping Mary wouldn't win.
Tom was hoping everybody would leave, so he could go to bed.
Tom was hoping everyone would leave, so he could go to bed.
Tom was hoping for a fresh start.
Tom was hoping he and Mary could hang out together.
Tom was hoping he could cheer Mary up.
Tom was hoping he could do that with Mary.
Tom was hoping he could do that.
Tom was hoping he could go sailing with Mary.
Tom was hoping he could go to Australia with Mary next summer.
Tom was hoping he could go to Boston with Mary next summer.
Tom was hoping he could help Mary do that.
Tom was hoping he could help Mary.
Tom was hoping he could learn how to live off the land.
Tom was hoping he could persuade Mary to do that.
Tom was hoping he could persuade Mary to go to the dance with him.
Tom was hoping he could win.
Tom was hoping he wouldn't have to do that.
Tom was hoping he wouldn't need to do that.
Tom was hoping he'd win.
Tom was hoping something good might happen.
Tom was hoping that Mary could help him.
Tom was hoping that Mary would kiss him.
Tom was hoping that Mary would smile at him.
Tom was hoping that he could go to Australia with Mary next summer.
Tom was hoping that he could help Mary.
Tom was hoping that would happen.
Tom was hoping the committee would adopt his proposal.
Tom was hoping to catch a big fish.
Tom was hoping to do that with Mary.
Tom was hoping to do that.
Tom was hoping to earn enough to buy something to eat.
Tom was hoping to get a kiss.
Tom was hoping to go skating with Mary.
Tom was hoping to make a fortune.
Tom was hoping to make new friends when he moved to Boston.
Tom was hoping to see Mary.
Tom was hoping to see you.
Tom was hoping to sing with us tonight.
Tom was hoping to win the first prize.
Tom was hoping to win.
Tom was hoping we could do that for Mary.
Tom was hoping we could do that for him.
Tom was hoping we wouldn't have to do that.
Tom was hoping we wouldn't need to do that.
Tom was hoping we'd agree to do that.
Tom was hoping we'd do that for Mary.
Tom was hoping we'd do that for him.
Tom was hoping we'd do that with Mary.
Tom was hoping we'd do that with him.
Tom was hoping we'd do that.
Tom was hoping you could do that for Mary.
Tom was hoping you could do that for him.
Tom was hoping you could do that with Mary.
Tom was hoping you could do that with him.
Tom was hopping around on one foot and yelling because he'd stubbed his toe.
Tom was hopping mad when he was notified of his sacking by email.
Tom was horrible to me in high school.
Tom was horrible to me.
Tom was horrible with children.
Tom was horribly disappointed.
Tom was horribly killed during the last days of the war.
Tom was horrified at the sight.
Tom was horrified by the accusations.
Tom was horrified by the dangerous situation occurring.
Tom was horrified by what happened.
Tom was horrified to hear what had happened.
Tom was horrified when he noticed that his daughter had had her tongue pierced.
Tom was horrified.
Tom was hospitalized after eating a laundry detergent pod.
Tom was hospitalized for 13 days.
Tom was hospitalized for as long as three months.
Tom was hospitalized recently.
Tom was hospitalized with life-threatening injuries.
Tom was hospitalized with symptoms of dehydration.
Tom was hospitalized.
Tom was hot.
Tom was hours late.
Tom was huge.
Tom was hugging Mary.
Tom was humble.
Tom was humiliated by Mary.
Tom was humiliated.
Tom was humming to himself.
Tom was humming.
Tom was hunched over his desk.
Tom was hunched over his keyboard.
Tom was hung up on Mary.
Tom was hungry after the game.
Tom was hungry and angry.
Tom was hungry and irritated.
Tom was hungry and miserable.
Tom was hungry and so was I.
Tom was hungry and wanted something to eat.
Tom was hungry this morning.
Tom was hungry when he got home.
Tom was hungry, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was hungry, so he asked Mary to cook something.
Tom was hungry, so he made himself a sandwich.
Tom was hungry, too.
Tom was hungry.
Tom was hunted down like a dog.
Tom was hurt and angry.
Tom was hurt bad.
Tom was hurt by what Mary said.
Tom was hurt in a car accident.
Tom was hurt in a traffic accident.
Tom was hurt in the accident and Mary was, too.
Tom was hurt in the accident and so was Mary.
Tom was hurt in the accident, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was hurt in the accident.
Tom was hurt in the attack.
Tom was hurt in the crash.
Tom was hurt in the explosion.
Tom was hurt in the fight.
Tom was hurt in the incident.
Tom was hurt pretty bad.
Tom was hurt slightly.
Tom was hurt, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was hurt.
Tom was hurting Mary, so John punched him.
Tom was hurting.
Tom was hyperventilating.
Tom was hypnotized by Mary.
Tom was hypnotized by the voice.
Tom was hypnotized.
Tom was hysterical.
Tom was ignored.
Tom was ignoring Mary.
Tom was ignoring me.
Tom was ill in bed last month.
Tom was ill, so he couldn't come.
Tom was ill.
Tom was imaginative.
Tom was immaculately dressed.
Tom was immediately arrested.
Tom was immediately attracted to Mary.
Tom was immediately concerned.
Tom was immediately fired.
Tom was immediately questioned by the police.
Tom was immediately rushed to the hospital.
Tom was immediately taken into custody for questioning.
Tom was immediately worried.
Tom was immensely popular.
Tom was impartial.
Tom was impatient and restless.
Tom was impatient to leave the party.
Tom was impatient to see Mary again.
Tom was impatient to see Mary.
Tom was impatient to see his family.
Tom was impatient to see his son.
Tom was impatient, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was impatient.
Tom was impeccably dressed and well prepared for his job interview with the finance company.
Tom was impeccably dressed.
Tom was impersonating a police officer.
Tom was impolite, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was impolite.
Tom was important to me.
Tom was impossible to ignore.
Tom was impressed by German engineering.
Tom was impressed by Mary's cooking.
Tom was impressed by Mary's courage.
Tom was impressed by Mary's magic trick.
Tom was impressed by Mary's performance.
Tom was impressed by Mary's plan.
Tom was impressed by Mary's score.
Tom was impressed by Mary's singing.
Tom was impressed by Mary's skill.
Tom was impressed by Mary.
Tom was impressed by how Mary did that.
Tom was impressed by how well Mary could play the flute.
Tom was impressed by how well Mary did that.
Tom was impressed by what he saw.
Tom was impressed with Mary's effort.
Tom was impressed with Mary's self-control.
Tom was impressed with Mary's skill.
Tom was impressed with how well Mary could speak French.
Tom was impressed with that.
Tom was impressed with what he saw.
Tom was impressed with your work.
Tom was impressed, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was impressed, but he tried not to let it show.
Tom was impressed.
Tom was impressive.
Tom was imprisoned at a psychiatric hospital due to his severe insanity.
Tom was imprisoned for life at a state penitentiary.
Tom was imprisoned in a tiny little cell that looked out on the street.
Tom was imprisoned.
Tom was improving his results.
Tom was impulsive.
Tom was in Australia a year ago.
Tom was in Australia all last month.
Tom was in Australia at that time.
Tom was in Australia at the time.
Tom was in Australia for a long time.
Tom was in Australia for a very long time.
Tom was in Australia for about three months last year.
Tom was in Australia for several months.
Tom was in Australia for three months.
Tom was in Australia for three weeks.
Tom was in Australia for three years.
Tom was in Australia illegally.
Tom was in Australia in 2013.
Tom was in Australia in October.
Tom was in Australia last month, wasn't he?
Tom was in Australia last month.
Tom was in Australia last summer.
Tom was in Australia last week on a business trip.
Tom was in Australia last week, but I don't know if he's still there.
Tom was in Australia last week, but I don't think he's still there.
Tom was in Australia last week, but I don't think that he's still there.
Tom was in Australia last week, but I doubt he's still there.
Tom was in Australia last week, but I doubt that he's still there.
Tom was in Australia last week.
Tom was in Australia last year.
Tom was in Australia on business.
Tom was in Australia on vacation when his house burned down.
Tom was in Australia that year.
Tom was in Australia then.
Tom was in Australia three months ago.
Tom was in Australia three weeks ago.
Tom was in Australia visiting his parents last month.
Tom was in Australia, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was in Australia.
Tom was in Berlin recently.
Tom was in Boston a long time.
Tom was in Boston a year ago.
Tom was in Boston all last month.
Tom was in Boston all weekend.
Tom was in Boston at that time.
Tom was in Boston at the time.
Tom was in Boston for a few days.
Tom was in Boston for a few years.
Tom was in Boston for a long time.
Tom was in Boston for a while.
Tom was in Boston for about a week.
Tom was in Boston for about three months last year.
Tom was in Boston for several months.
Tom was in Boston for three months.
Tom was in Boston for three years.
Tom was in Boston in 2003.
Tom was in Boston in 2013.
Tom was in Boston in October.
Tom was in Boston last Monday, too.
Tom was in Boston last Monday.
Tom was in Boston last October.
Tom was in Boston last month.
Tom was in Boston last summer.
Tom was in Boston last week on a business trip.
Tom was in Boston last week, but I don't know if he's still there.
Tom was in Boston last week, but I don't think he's still there.
Tom was in Boston last week, but I doubt he's still there.
Tom was in Boston last week, but I doubt that he's still there.
Tom was in Boston last week, wasn't he?
Tom was in Boston last week.
Tom was in Boston last weekend.
Tom was in Boston last year.
Tom was in Boston on October 20th.
Tom was in Boston once.
Tom was in Boston over Christmas.
Tom was in Boston that year.
Tom was in Boston the night Mary was murdered.
Tom was in Boston then.
Tom was in Boston three months ago.
Tom was in Boston three weeks ago.
Tom was in Boston three years ago.
Tom was in Boston to visit his parents last weekend.
Tom was in Boston visiting his parents last week.
Tom was in Boston when Mary committed suicide.
Tom was in Boston when Mary died.
Tom was in Boston when Mary was murdered.
Tom was in Boston when his house burned down.
Tom was in Boston when the war began.
Tom was in Boston with his wife.
Tom was in Boston with me.
Tom was in Boston, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was in Boston.
Tom was in Boston; Tom is in Boston and Tom stays in Boston.
Tom was in Mary's car the last time I saw him.
Tom was in Mary's car the last time that I saw him.
Tom was in Mary's office not too long ago.
Tom was in Mary's way.
Tom was in New York at the time.
Tom was in Prague yesterday.
Tom was in a bad mood all day yesterday.
Tom was in a bad mood for the rest of the day.
Tom was in a bad mood this morning.
Tom was in a bad mood today.
Tom was in a bad mood yesterday.
Tom was in a bad mood.
Tom was in a band.
Tom was in a better mood an hour ago.
Tom was in a bicycle accident.
Tom was in a big hurry.
Tom was in a bike accident.
Tom was in a car accident.
Tom was in a coma for three months.
Tom was in a coma for three weeks and suffered permanent brain damage.
Tom was in a coma for three weeks.
Tom was in a coma for weeks.
Tom was in a coma.
Tom was in a cult.
Tom was in a dangerous situation.
Tom was in a daze.
Tom was in a difficult situation, so I helped him.
Tom was in a duel earlier.
Tom was in a fatal traffic accident.
Tom was in a fight last night and lost a few teeth.
Tom was in a fight last night.
Tom was in a fight.
Tom was in a fraternity.
Tom was in a funk band.
Tom was in a funk.
Tom was in a gang.
Tom was in a good mood today.
Tom was in a good mood yesterday.
Tom was in a good mood.
Tom was in a great hurry.
Tom was in a hurry and forgot to comb his hair.
Tom was in a hurry because he was late.
Tom was in a hurry so he left his bed unmade.
Tom was in a hurry so he left his breakfast only half eaten.
Tom was in a hurry so he left his second cup of coffee undrunk.
Tom was in a hurry this morning.
Tom was in a hurry to catch the bus, so he didn't stop to talk with Mary.
Tom was in a hurry to catch the bus.
Tom was in a hurry to do that.
Tom was in a hurry to get home.
Tom was in a hurry to leave.
Tom was in a hurry to see Mary.
Tom was in a hurry to see his father.
Tom was in a hurry to see his new baby.
Tom was in a hurry, so he skipped breakfast.
Tom was in a hurry.
Tom was in a jam.
Tom was in a joking mood.
Tom was in a local bar.
Tom was in a lot of pain when we visited him in the hospital.
Tom was in a lot of pain.
Tom was in a lot of trouble.
Tom was in a lousy mood.
Tom was in a meeting all afternoon.
Tom was in a meeting all day.
Tom was in a motorcycle accident.
Tom was in a quandary about who to vote for in the election.
Tom was in a real muddle over his holiday plans.
Tom was in a rush.
Tom was in a state of crisis.
Tom was in a state of shock.
Tom was in a stolen car when the police finally caught him.
Tom was in a temper.
Tom was in a terrible accident.
Tom was in a terrible car accident.
Tom was in a traffic accident on his way to school.
Tom was in a traffic accident.
Tom was in a trance.
Tom was in a very agitated state.
Tom was in a very good mood yesterday.
Tom was in a very good mood.
Tom was in a very jocular mood after being given a raise by his boss.
Tom was in a wheelchair.
Tom was in absolute despair when his dog ran away.
Tom was in agony.
Tom was in almost every photo in Mary's album.
Tom was in almost every picture in Mary's album.
Tom was in an accident and is now in a hospital in Boston.
Tom was in an accident.
Tom was in an adventurous mood.
Tom was in an agony.
Tom was in bad shape.
Tom was in bed all day watching telly.
Tom was in bed all morning.
Tom was in bed asleep.
Tom was in bed when I got home.
Tom was in bed with a cold.
Tom was in bed, asleep.
Tom was in bed.
Tom was in charge of drawing up the resolution.
Tom was in charge of sales.
Tom was in charge.
Tom was in church.
Tom was in class yesterday.
Tom was in class.
Tom was in college at that time.
Tom was in college in 2013.
Tom was in college then.
Tom was in considerable pain.
Tom was in constant pain.
Tom was in control.
Tom was in court on Monday.
Tom was in danger.
Tom was in favor of aborting the mission.
Tom was in favor of this.
Tom was in front of me in line.
Tom was in front of me.
Tom was in front.
Tom was in good shape.
Tom was in good spirits.
Tom was in handcuffs.
Tom was in heaven.
Tom was in here just a while ago.
Tom was in here the other day.
Tom was in here the whole time.
Tom was in high school at that time.
Tom was in high school back then.
Tom was in high school in 2013.
Tom was in high school then.
Tom was in high spirits.
Tom was in his Sunday best.
Tom was in his apartment all day.
Tom was in his apartment at the time.
Tom was in his bed asleep.
Tom was in his bed.
Tom was in his bedroom most of the day.
Tom was in his bedroom, studying.
Tom was in his bedroom.
Tom was in his birthday suit.
Tom was in his car.
Tom was in his early thirties.
Tom was in his junior year in college.
Tom was in his late thirties.
Tom was in his mid thirties when he got married.
Tom was in his mid-thirties.
Tom was in his office all morning.
Tom was in his office at that time.
Tom was in his office just a few minutes ago.
Tom was in his office.
Tom was in his pajamas when he answered the door.
Tom was in his pajamas.
Tom was in his room all afternoon, doing homework.
Tom was in his room all afternoon, playing games.
Tom was in his room all afternoon, studying.
Tom was in his room all afternoon.
Tom was in his room by himself.
Tom was in his room listening to music all day yesterday.
Tom was in his room the entire time.
Tom was in his room the whole time.
Tom was in his room this morning.
Tom was in his room.
Tom was in his skivvies.
Tom was in his tent not too long ago.
Tom was in his tent.
Tom was in his thirties.
Tom was in his top form.
Tom was in his truck the whole time.
Tom was in his truck.
Tom was in his underwear.
Tom was in his undies.
Tom was in hospital for a few weeks last year.
Tom was in hospital.
Tom was in jail at the time.
Tom was in jail for three nights.
Tom was in jail last weekend.
Tom was in jail that night so he has the perfect alibi.
Tom was in jail then.
Tom was in jail.
Tom was in love with Maria, but she didn't want to know anything about him.
Tom was in love with Mary.
Tom was in love with her.
Tom was in love.
Tom was in low spirits yesterday.
Tom was in misery.
Tom was in mourning.
Tom was in my French class.
Tom was in my class in elementary school.
Tom was in my class.
Tom was in my dream.
Tom was in my group.
Tom was in my room.
Tom was in my store just this morning.
Tom was in my way.
Tom was in need of a coat.
Tom was in need of provisions.
Tom was in no danger.
Tom was in no hurry to agree.
Tom was in no hurry to do that.
Tom was in no hurry to get married.
Tom was in no hurry.
Tom was in no mood to talk to Mary.
Tom was in no particular hurry to get back home.
Tom was in no particular hurry.
Tom was in obvious pain.
Tom was in on it.
Tom was in on the theft.
Tom was in one of the lifeboats that sank.
Tom was in our group.
Tom was in pain, but nobody knew.
Tom was in pain, but tried to hide it.
Tom was in pain.
Tom was in perfect health yesterday.
Tom was in perfect health.
Tom was in preschool in 2013.
Tom was in prison for a long time.
Tom was in prison for more than three years.
Tom was in prison for several years.
Tom was in prison for three years.
Tom was in prison.
Tom was in rare form Monday.
Tom was in real trouble.
Tom was in really bad shape.
Tom was in school.
Tom was in scintillating form today, and had them rolling in the aisles.
Tom was in seventh heaven.
Tom was in severe pain.
Tom was in shirt sleeves.
Tom was in shock.
Tom was in such a hurry that he left his umbrella behind on the train.
Tom was in such a hurry that he left his umbrella on the train.
Tom was in surgery for three hours.
Tom was in tears.
Tom was in that building.
Tom was in that movie.
Tom was in the A&E department.
Tom was in the A&E.
Tom was in the ER.
Tom was in the Marines.
Tom was in the WWE.
Tom was in the army.
Tom was in the attic just a while ago.
Tom was in the audience.
Tom was in the back seat, sleeping.
Tom was in the back seat.
Tom was in the back.
Tom was in the backseat.
Tom was in the bar drinking by himself.
Tom was in the basement a few minutes ago.
Tom was in the basement.
Tom was in the bath when Mary arrived.
Tom was in the bathroom.
Tom was in the bathtub when he felt the earthquake.
Tom was in the buff on the beach.
Tom was in the cabin.
Tom was in the cafeteria not too long ago.
Tom was in the car as well.
Tom was in the car when that happened.
Tom was in the car, too.
Tom was in the car.
Tom was in the cave.
Tom was in the center of the room.
Tom was in the choir last year.
Tom was in the classroom when I left.
Tom was in the closet, hiding from Mary.
Tom was in the control room at the time.
Tom was in the corridor of the second floor of the hospital.
Tom was in the dark.
Tom was in the driver's seat.
Tom was in the elevator when he felt the earthquake.
Tom was in the firing line when his boss left it to him to field questions from angry shareholders.
Tom was in the forest for a week.
Tom was in the forest.
Tom was in the garage just a few minutes ago.
Tom was in the garage.
Tom was in the garden planting flowers this morning.
Tom was in the garden pulling weeds all yesterday afternoon.
Tom was in the garden when it happened.
Tom was in the garden.
Tom was in the hospital for a few weeks last year.
Tom was in the hospital for a whole three months.
Tom was in the hospital for most of last year.
Tom was in the hospital for over a week.
Tom was in the hospital for thee months last year.
Tom was in the hospital for three days.
Tom was in the hospital for three months last year.
Tom was in the hospital for three months.
Tom was in the hospital for three weeks earlier this year.
Tom was in the hospital for three weeks.
Tom was in the hospital last week.
Tom was in the hospital.
Tom was in the hot tub with his buddies.
Tom was in the house by himself.
Tom was in the house.
Tom was in the kitchen drinking alone.
Tom was in the kitchen helping his mother.
Tom was in the kitchen humming to himself.
Tom was in the kitchen making a salad when we got there.
Tom was in the kitchen making breakfast when Mary knocked on his door.
Tom was in the kitchen, cooking.
Tom was in the kitchen.
Tom was in the kyudo club back when he was in high school.
Tom was in the kyudo club when he was in high school.
Tom was in the library with Mary.
Tom was in the library with us yesterday afternoon.
Tom was in the living room a minute ago.
Tom was in the lobby not too long ago.
Tom was in the middle of nowhere.
Tom was in the middle of the road, waving his flashlight.
Tom was in the middle.
Tom was in the military, but now he's retired.
Tom was in the military.
Tom was in the mood for a walk.
Tom was in the mountains.
Tom was in the parade.
Tom was in the park by himself.
Tom was in the park with a few friends.
Tom was in the passenger seat.
Tom was in the pool swimming laps.
Tom was in the right place at the right time.
Tom was in the room by himself.
Tom was in the room.
Tom was in the rowboat with his dog.
Tom was in the service.
Tom was in the shop.
Tom was in the shower.
Tom was in the store.
Tom was in the streetcar.
Tom was in the thick of things.
Tom was in the third grade at that time.
Tom was in the third grade in 2013.
Tom was in the truck.
Tom was in the van.
Tom was in the water when lightning hit the lifeguard tower.
Tom was in the water.
Tom was in the woods.
Tom was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tom was in the wrong room.
Tom was in there.
Tom was in time for his appointment.
Tom was in time for the bus.
Tom was in time for the meeting.
Tom was in too big of a hurry.
Tom was in too much of a hurry to wait around.
Tom was in too much pain to speak.
Tom was in total shock.
Tom was in town Monday night.
Tom was in town last week.
Tom was in trouble and we let him down.
Tom was in trouble because he lost his passport.
Tom was in trouble financially.
Tom was in trouble.
Tom was in unbearable pain.
Tom was in very bad shape.
Tom was in your room.
Tom was in, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was in.
Tom was inattentive in class.
Tom was incapable of doing that.
Tom was incarcerated for a while.
Tom was incoherent.
Tom was inconsiderate.
Tom was incorrect.
Tom was increasingly isolated of his circle of friends.
Tom was incredible.
Tom was incredibly bored.
Tom was incredibly curious.
Tom was incredibly forthright and honest.
Tom was incredibly good looking.
Tom was incredibly happy.
Tom was incredibly lucky.
Tom was incredibly talented.
Tom was incredulous.
Tom was indecisive, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was indecisive.
Tom was indicted last month.
Tom was indifferent.
Tom was indignant.
Tom was indiscreet.
Tom was inebriated.
Tom was infatuated with the girl next door when he was a kid.
Tom was infected.
Tom was informed about all the changes.
Tom was infuriated by what Mary said.
Tom was initially surprised when Mary introduced Bert in their couple relationship.
Tom was initially unsuccessful.
Tom was injected with an experimental drug.
Tom was injured badly in the accident.
Tom was injured badly.
Tom was injured by a hit-and-run driver.
Tom was injured by a manhole cover explosion.
Tom was injured in a car accident.
Tom was injured in a fall.
Tom was injured in a traffic accident.
Tom was injured in an accident at work.
Tom was injured in an accident, so he couldn't walk very well.
Tom was injured in an accident.
Tom was injured in combat.
Tom was injured in the accident.
Tom was injured in the attack.
Tom was injured in the battle.
Tom was injured in the blast.
Tom was injured in the crash.
Tom was injured in the explosion.
Tom was injured in the fall.
Tom was injured in the fight.
Tom was injured in the train wreck.
Tom was injured playing football.
Tom was injured playing soccer.
Tom was injured quite badly in a car accident.
Tom was injured quite badly in an automobile accident.
Tom was injured when a large chunk of ice slid off the roof and hit him.
Tom was injured while fighting.
Tom was injured, but not too badly.
Tom was injured, but not too seriously.
Tom was injured.
Tom was innocent of the deeds.
Tom was innocent.
Tom was innovative.
Tom was insane.
Tom was insecure.
Tom was inside the bank.
Tom was inside the house.
Tom was inside the mine when the cave-in occurred.
Tom was inside.
Tom was insidious.
Tom was insincere.
Tom was insistent.
Tom was inspired by Mary.
Tom was inspired by that.
Tom was inspired by what Mary said.
Tom was inspired to do that by Mary.
Tom was inspired, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was instantly infatuated with Mary.
Tom was insulted.
Tom was intentionally vague in his email.
Tom was interested in Mary.
Tom was interested in doing anything I suggested.
Tom was interested in doing that, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was interested in doing that.
Tom was interested in learning French.
Tom was interested in music.
Tom was interested in that.
Tom was interested in what Mary might have to say.
Tom was interested in writing a book about Mary's story.
Tom was interested, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was interested.
Tom was interred in a small cemetery.
Tom was interrogated by Canadian customs officials.
Tom was interrogated by the police.
Tom was interrogated for three hours.
Tom was interrogated.
Tom was interrupted by Mary.
Tom was interrupted by a knock at the door.
Tom was interrupted.
Tom was interviewed by a newspaper reporter.
Tom was interviewed by the local TV station.
Tom was interviewed for a podcast about his research, but it won't air until October.
Tom was interviewed for that job.
Tom was interviewed for the job.
Tom was interviewed on TV last night.
Tom was interviewed on a local TV show.
Tom was intimate with Mary.
Tom was intimidated by Mary.
Tom was intimidated.
Tom was into sports when he was in high school.
Tom was intoxicated, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was intoxicated.
Tom was intrigued by the idea.
Tom was intrigued by what Mary said.
Tom was intrigued by what was going on.
Tom was intrigued by what was happening.
Tom was intrigued.
Tom was introduced to Mary by John.
Tom was introduced to Mary.
Tom was invariably wrong.
Tom was investigating.
Tom was invited by us.
Tom was invited for an entrance interview.
Tom was invited to Australia by Mary.
Tom was invited to Australia.
Tom was invited to Boston by Mary.
Tom was invited to Boston.
Tom was invited to Mary's party.
Tom was invited to a beach party.
Tom was invited to an orgy.
Tom was invited to come and have a beer at the local bistro.
Tom was invited to that event, but he didn't go.
Tom was invited to the ball.
Tom was invited to the corn shucking.
Tom was invited to the opening ceremony.
Tom was invited to the party.
Tom was invited to the ribbon-cutting ceremony.
Tom was invited, but apparently Mary wasn't.
Tom was invited, but he didn't come.
Tom was invited, too.
Tom was invited.
Tom was involuntarily conscripted into the military.
Tom was involved as well.
Tom was involved in Mary's abduction.
Tom was involved in a bad accident yesterday.
Tom was involved in a bad accident.
Tom was involved in a car accident.
Tom was involved in a fatal accident.
Tom was involved in a fight with a couple of guys in the park.
Tom was involved in a fistfight.
Tom was involved in a hit-and-run accident.
Tom was involved in a minor accident.
Tom was involved in a street brawl.
Tom was involved in a terrible accident.
Tom was involved in a traffic accident.
Tom was involved in a very serious accident.
Tom was involved in serious crime.
Tom was involved in that incident.
Tom was involved in that scandal.
Tom was involved in the planning of the robbery.
Tom was involved in the robbery.
Tom was involved with Mary.
Tom was involved with the management of the company.
Tom was involved, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was involved.
Tom was irked by what Mary said.
Tom was irked.
Tom was irksome.
Tom was ironing his shirt.
Tom was irrational.
Tom was irresistible.
Tom was irresponsible, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was irresponsible.
Tom was irritable.
Tom was irritated by the delay.
Tom was irritated, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was irritated.
Tom was is in the passenger seat.
Tom was issued a citation.
Tom was itching for a fight that night.
Tom was jailed for embezzling $100,000 from his employer to fund his gambling addiction.
Tom was jailed for forging documents.
Tom was jailed on trumped-up charges.
Tom was jealous of Mary's success.
Tom was jealous of Mary.
Tom was jealous of his neighbor's good fortune.
Tom was jealous of me.
Tom was jealous when he saw Mary talking to another boy.
Tom was jealous.
Tom was jettisoned into the vacuum of space.
Tom was jilted by Mary.
Tom was jittery.
Tom was jogging alone.
Tom was jogging down the beach.
Tom was joking around with his friends.
Tom was joking.
Tom was jolted as he was taking his turn, and hit a red ball instead of the cue ball.
Tom was jumping on the bed.
Tom was jumping up and down with excitement.
Tom was jumping.
Tom was just a baby then.
Tom was just a baby when that happened.
Tom was just a child at that time.
Tom was just a child then.
Tom was just a child, but he wasn't afraid.
Tom was just a kid at that time.
Tom was just a kid back then.
Tom was just a kid in 2013.
Tom was just a little boy at that time.
Tom was just a little fellow when his folks moved here.
Tom was just a lonely exchange student.
Tom was just a poor musician before he was discovered.
Tom was just a prototype.
Tom was just about to cry.
Tom was just about to do that.
Tom was just about to go out when he got a phone call, which made him late for his meeting.
Tom was just about to go out when his cellphone rang.
Tom was just about to go out when the phone rang.
Tom was just about to hang up when he heard Mary scream.
Tom was just about to kiss Mary when his mother walked into the room.
Tom was just about to leave as I arrived.
Tom was just about to leave when something unexpected happened.
Tom was just about to leave.
Tom was just about to open the door when he heard the explosion.
Tom was just about to ring Mary when she knocked on the door.
Tom was just about to say something when Mary walked into the room.
Tom was just about to say something when the door opened.
Tom was just amazing.
Tom was just an intern at that time.
Tom was just an intern.
Tom was just arrested.
Tom was just as confused as Mary was.
Tom was just as excited as Mary was.
Tom was just as excited as Mary.
Tom was just as nervous as Mary.
Tom was just as scared as Mary was.
Tom was just as stubborn.
Tom was just as surprised as Mary was.
Tom was just as surprised as Mary.
Tom was just as surprised to see us as we were to see him.
Tom was just asking who you are.
Tom was just behind me.
Tom was just being Tom.
Tom was just being careful.
Tom was just being cautious.
Tom was just being honest.
Tom was just being playful.
Tom was just being polite.
Tom was just being sarcastic.
Tom was just being silly.
Tom was just bored.
Tom was just confused.
Tom was just doing his duty.
Tom was just doing his job.
Tom was just doing that.
Tom was just doing what he had to do.
Tom was just doing what he needed to do.
Tom was just drunk.
Tom was just eating breakfast.
Tom was just explaining that to us.
Tom was just following orders.
Tom was just frightened, not injured.
Tom was just getting bored.
Tom was just great.
Tom was just happy to be talking to someone.
Tom was just happy to have someone to talk to.
Tom was just happy to talk to someone.
Tom was just having a bad day.
Tom was just having fun.
Tom was just helping me get dressed.
Tom was just helping me out.
Tom was just helping us out.
Tom was just here looking for you.
Tom was just here.
Tom was just in Australia last week.
Tom was just in Boston last week.
Tom was just joking.
Tom was just kidding.
Tom was just leaving.
Tom was just like a brother to me.
Tom was just like me.
Tom was just looking for Mary.
Tom was just looking for you.
Tom was just looking out for Mary.
Tom was just looking.
Tom was just lucky.
Tom was just minding his own business.
Tom was just nervous.
Tom was just not ready.
Tom was just one of the people I talked to.
Tom was just one of the people that I talked to.
Tom was just out of earshot and could only make out a few words of what was being said.
Tom was just plain fat.
Tom was just plain wrong.
Tom was just pottering about, waiting for Mary to pop round.
Tom was just pretending he couldn't understand.
Tom was just pretending he didn't understand French.
Tom was just pretending he was tired.
Tom was just pretending that he couldn't understand.
Tom was just pretending that he didn't understand French.
Tom was just pretending that he was tired.
Tom was just pretending to be asleep.
Tom was just pretending.
Tom was just protecting himself.
Tom was just saying the exact opposite of that at Mary's yesterday. He's such a chameleon.
Tom was just shocked.
Tom was just showing off.
Tom was just sitting in dark when I entered the room and turned on the lights.
Tom was just sitting in his car, looking at people walk by.
Tom was just sitting on a rock.
Tom was just sitting on the couch, staring out the window.
Tom was just sitting there, staring into space.
Tom was just standing there, staring at Mary.
Tom was just standing there.
Tom was just starting to trust Mary.
Tom was just stating the obvious.
Tom was just supposed to help Mary, not do everything himself.
Tom was just taking pictures.
Tom was just talking about you.
Tom was just talking off the top of his head.
Tom was just talking.
Tom was just teasing Mary.
Tom was just teasing.
Tom was just telling me a joke.
Tom was just telling me about your new house.
Tom was just there.
Tom was just thirteen at that time.
Tom was just thirteen at the time.
Tom was just thirteen years old at that time.
Tom was just three when his father died.
Tom was just three years old when his father died.
Tom was just three years old when his mother died.
Tom was just trolling.
Tom was just trying to apologize.
Tom was just trying to be friendly.
Tom was just trying to be funny.
Tom was just trying to be nice.
Tom was just trying to do the right thing.
Tom was just trying to get a rise out of Mary.
Tom was just trying to help Mary.
Tom was just trying to help.
Tom was just trying to impress you.
Tom was just trying to make Mary happy.
Tom was just trying to make Mary jealous.
Tom was just trying to please Mary.
Tom was just trying to please us.
Tom was just trying to protect Mary.
Tom was just trying to protect himself.
Tom was just trying to protect his kids.
Tom was just trying to protect me.
Tom was just trying to protect you.
Tom was just trying to scare Mary.
Tom was just trying to scare us.
Tom was just trying to scare you.
Tom was just trying to survive.
Tom was just unlucky.
Tom was just upset.
Tom was just venting his frustrations.
Tom was just very confused.
Tom was just watching.
Tom was keeping something from me.
Tom was kept in hospital overnight for observation.
Tom was kept in the hospital overnight for observation.
Tom was kept under sedation throughout the procedure.
Tom was kept waiting for a long time.
Tom was kept waiting for a very long time.
Tom was kept waiting for three hours.
Tom was kicked by a mule.
Tom was kicked off the bus.
Tom was kicked off the team.
Tom was kicked out of Australia.
Tom was kicked out of a taxi for not liking the driver's music.
Tom was kicked out of his house by his parents when he confessed to being an atheist.
Tom was kicked out of school for fighting with another student.
Tom was kicked out of school, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was kicked out of school.
Tom was kicked out of the bar for fighting.
Tom was kicked out of the bar last night.
Tom was kicked out of the bar.
Tom was kicked out of the classroom.
Tom was kicked out of the club.
Tom was kicked out of the gym.
Tom was kicked out of the meeting.
Tom was kicked out of the party.
Tom was kicked out of the store.
Tom was kicked out of the team.
Tom was kicked out.
Tom was kidding about that.
Tom was kidding.
Tom was kidnapped and held by his captors in an abandoned building on Park Street.
Tom was kidnapped by a local gang.
Tom was kidnapped by several men.
Tom was kidnapped by terrorists.
Tom was kidnapped on October 20, 2013, while he was waiting for a bus.
Tom was kidnapped.
Tom was killed October 20th.
Tom was killed a day before his birthday.
Tom was killed by Mary.
Tom was killed by a Canadian.
Tom was killed by a bear.
Tom was killed by a bolt of lightning.
Tom was killed by a bomb.
Tom was killed by a bull.
Tom was killed by a burglar.
Tom was killed by a crocodile.
Tom was killed by a donkey.
Tom was killed by a drunk driver.
Tom was killed by a former business associate.
Tom was killed by a giant hornet.
Tom was killed by a guard.
Tom was killed by a hand grenade.
Tom was killed by a hired assassin.
Tom was killed by a hitman.
Tom was killed by a land mine.
Tom was killed by a lion.
Tom was killed by a mob of vigilantes.
Tom was killed by a poison dart fired from a blowgun.
Tom was killed by a poison dart.
Tom was killed by a professional hitman.
Tom was killed by a runaway horse.
Tom was killed by a snakebite.
Tom was killed by a sniper.
Tom was killed by a stray bullet.
Tom was killed by a stroke of lightning.
Tom was killed by a suicide bomber.
Tom was killed by a tiger.
Tom was killed by an alligator.
Tom was killed by an arrow.
Tom was killed by an explosion.
Tom was killed by an intruder.
Tom was killed by another inmate.
Tom was killed by his own father.
Tom was killed by his own gang members.
Tom was killed by his own son.
Tom was killed by his partner.
Tom was killed by lightning.
Tom was killed by someone close to him.
Tom was killed by the enemy.
Tom was killed by the explosion.
Tom was killed by the husband of the woman he had been hanging out with.
Tom was killed by the husband of the woman he'd been hanging out with.
Tom was killed by the police.
Tom was killed by the spear.
Tom was killed by those men.
Tom was killed by three men.
Tom was killed by wild animals.
Tom was killed by wolves.
Tom was killed during the attack.
Tom was killed in 2013.
Tom was killed in Boston three years ago.
Tom was killed in Boston yesterday.
Tom was killed in Boston.
Tom was killed in October.
Tom was killed in a car accident last night.
Tom was killed in a car accident.
Tom was killed in a car crash last year in Australia.
Tom was killed in a car crash last year in Boston.
Tom was killed in a car crash.
Tom was killed in a dark alley.
Tom was killed in a drive-by shooting.
Tom was killed in a hit-and-run accident last Monday.
Tom was killed in a hit-and-run accident.
Tom was killed in a hunting accident.
Tom was killed in a plane crash.
Tom was killed in a terror bombing.
Tom was killed in a traffic accident last winter.
Tom was killed in a traffic accident within 10 hours of graduating from college.
Tom was killed in a traffic accident.
Tom was killed in a train accident.
Tom was killed in action.
Tom was killed in an accident three years ago.
Tom was killed in an accident.
Tom was killed in an airplane crash.
Tom was killed in an ambush.
Tom was killed in an automobile accident last night.
Tom was killed in an automobile accident last year in Australia.
Tom was killed in an automobile accident.
Tom was killed in an avalanche.
Tom was killed in an explosion.
Tom was killed in battle.
Tom was killed in his own home.
Tom was killed in prison.
Tom was killed in suicide attack.
Tom was killed in the accident.
Tom was killed in the attack.
Tom was killed in the avalanche.
Tom was killed in the battle.
Tom was killed in the crash.
Tom was killed in the earthquake.
Tom was killed in the explosion.
Tom was killed in the fire.
Tom was killed in the line of duty.
Tom was killed in the raid.
Tom was killed in the war.
Tom was killed instantly when the bomb he was trying to defuse exploded.
Tom was killed instantly.
Tom was killed just after 2:30 this morning.
Tom was killed last week.
Tom was killed not too far from his house.
Tom was killed on Monday.
Tom was killed on the spot.
Tom was killed right over there.
Tom was killed someplace else.
Tom was killed that day.
Tom was killed that night.
Tom was killed the same way Mary was.
Tom was killed the same way that Mary was.
Tom was killed three days ago in a traffic accident.
Tom was killed three years later.
Tom was killed to death.
Tom was killed trying to escape from prison.
Tom was killed trying to save Mary.
Tom was killed when a tree limb fell on him.
Tom was killed with a crowbar.
Tom was killed with a poisoned arrow.
Tom was killed with a poisoned dart.
Tom was killed with a sword.
Tom was killed with a tire iron.
Tom was killed with an icepick.
Tom was killed with an old samurai sword.
Tom was killed with poison.
Tom was killed with this knife.
Tom was killed with this rock.
Tom was killed yesterday.
Tom was killed.
Tom was killing time by sliding down the banister.
Tom was kind and courteous.
Tom was kind enough to carry my suitcase for me.
Tom was kind enough to come and pick me up at my house.
Tom was kind enough to come pick me up at my house.
Tom was kind enough to do that for me.
Tom was kind enough to do that for us.
Tom was kind enough to drive me home.
Tom was kind enough to drive me to the hospital.
Tom was kind enough to drive me to the station.
Tom was kind enough to give me good advice.
Tom was kind enough to give me some good advice.
Tom was kind enough to help me fill out the forms.
Tom was kind enough to help me.
Tom was kind enough to help us.
Tom was kind enough to lend me large sum of money.
Tom was kind enough to lend me some money.
Tom was kind enough to lend me the money I needed.
Tom was kind enough to make tea for us.
Tom was kind enough to show me around town.
Tom was kind enough to show me how to do that.
Tom was kind enough to show me the way to the station.
Tom was kind enough to show me the way.
Tom was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
Tom was kind enough to tell me the truth.
Tom was kind of chubby in the third grade.
Tom was kind of chubby when he was a kid.
Tom was kind of crazy.
Tom was kind of cute when he was a kid.
Tom was kind of cute.
Tom was kind of disappointed.
Tom was kind of nerdy in junior high school.
Tom was kind of nervous.
Tom was kind of quiet.
Tom was kind of right.
Tom was kind of rude to us.
Tom was kind of rude.
Tom was kind of surprised Mary agreed with him.
Tom was kind of surprised Mary did that.
Tom was kind of surprised Mary didn't do that.
Tom was kind of surprised Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom was kind of surprised Mary said yes.
Tom was kind of surprised Mary wanted to that.
Tom was kind of surprised Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom was kind of surprised that Mary agreed with him.
Tom was kind of surprised that Mary did that.
Tom was kind of surprised that Mary didn't do that.
Tom was kind of surprised that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom was kind of surprised that Mary said yes.
Tom was kind of surprised that Mary wanted to that.
Tom was kind of surprised that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said she didn't know John.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said she didn't know how to do that.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said she wouldn't do that that.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said she wouldn't do that.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said she'd do that.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said that she didn't know John.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said that she didn't know how to do that.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said that she wouldn't do that that.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said that she wouldn't do that.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said that she'd do that.
Tom was kind of upset.
Tom was kind to Mary.
Tom was kind to everybody.
Tom was kind to everyone.
Tom was kind to me.
Tom was kind to the animals.
Tom was kind, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was kind.
Tom was kissed by Maria.
Tom was kissed by Mary.
Tom was kissing Mary when I walked into the classroom.
Tom was kissing Mary.
Tom was kneading the dough.
Tom was knee deep in mud.
Tom was kneeling down.
Tom was kneeling.
Tom was knifed by a fellow gang member.
Tom was knifed in a street fight.
Tom was knifed to death.
Tom was knifed.
Tom was knighted by Queen Mary.
Tom was knighted by the king after saving the princess from the evil dragon.
Tom was knighted by the king.
Tom was knighted by the queen.
Tom was knighted in 2013.
Tom was knighted.
Tom was knocked off his bicycle and killed in a hit and run accident.
Tom was knocked off his bike by a hit-and-run driver.
Tom was knocked out in the tenth round.
Tom was knocked out, after which he was robbed.
Tom was knocked out.
Tom was knocked to the floor.
Tom was knocked unconscious.
Tom was knocking on the door, but nobody opened it to him.
Tom was knocking on the door.
Tom was known mainly for the bumbling characters he played in television films from the 70s and 80s.
Tom was laid off in late October.
Tom was laid off of his job just before Christmas.
Tom was laid off.
Tom was lame.
Tom was lanky and a bit uncoordinated as a child, but he was fairly good at basketball.
Tom was last on the list.
Tom was last seen alive in October.
Tom was last seen alive on October 20, 2013.
Tom was last seen alive on October 20th.
Tom was last seen in Boston.
Tom was last seen in the neighborhood the day before his ex-wife was murdered.
Tom was last seen on October 20th.
Tom was last.
Tom was late again this morning.
Tom was late again today.
Tom was late again.
Tom was late as a result of the heavy snow.
Tom was late as usual.
Tom was late at the station.
Tom was late because he overslept.
Tom was late because his car ran out of gas.
Tom was late because of heavy traffic.
Tom was late because of the accident.
Tom was late because of the heavy snow.
Tom was late because of the heavy traffic.
Tom was late because there was a traffic jam.
Tom was late coming home.
Tom was late for French class.
Tom was late for a meeting with an important client.
Tom was late for class yesterday because he had an accident.
Tom was late for class, as is often the case.
Tom was late for class.
Tom was late for dinner.
Tom was late for his appointment.
Tom was late for his own wedding.
Tom was late for his shift.
Tom was late for school as usual.
Tom was late for school yesterday, and so was I.
Tom was late for school yesterday.
Tom was late for school.
Tom was late for the PTO meeting.
Tom was late for the bus.
Tom was late for the meeting again.
Tom was late for the meeting because he ran out of gas.
Tom was late for the meeting because of the heavy traffic.
Tom was late for the meeting this afternoon.
Tom was late for the meeting.
Tom was late for work again this morning.
Tom was late for work this morning because of a traffic jam.
Tom was late for work.
Tom was late for wrestling practice because he left his headgear at home.
Tom was late getting home yesterday.
Tom was late to his own wedding.
Tom was late to school every day last week.
Tom was late to the party.
Tom was late to work because he forgot to set his alarm clock.
Tom was late to work because he forgot to set his alarm.
Tom was late to work because he overslept.
Tom was late today.
Tom was late, as always.
Tom was late, as usual.
Tom was late, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was late, just like Mary predicted.
Tom was late.
Tom was later absolved.
Tom was later arrested.
Tom was later convicted.
Tom was later deported.
Tom was later freed.
Tom was later penalized.
Tom was later pronounced dead.
Tom was later reinstated.
Tom was later released unharmed.
Tom was laughed at by Mary.
Tom was laughed at by his friends.
Tom was laughed at in public.
Tom was laughed at.
Tom was laughed out of the room.
Tom was laughing at Mary.
Tom was laughing at her.
Tom was laughing at me.
Tom was laughing at us.
Tom was laughing at you.
Tom was laughing hysterically.
Tom was laughing, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was laughing.
Tom was laying on the couch, snoring.
Tom was lazy.
Tom was leading a double life.
Tom was leaning against a tree, sucking on a lollipop.
Tom was leaning against the church wall.
Tom was leaning against the fence.
Tom was leaning against the porch railing with a drink in his hand.
Tom was leaning against the rail.
Tom was leaning against the wall near the door.
Tom was leaning against the wall.
Tom was leaning on a cane.
Tom was leaning on the back of the chair.
Tom was leaning on the fence.
Tom was leaning up against the wall.
Tom was learning French at the time.
Tom was learning French.
Tom was learning judo.
Tom was leaving.
Tom was left all alone in his room.
Tom was left alone in the classroom.
Tom was left alone in the room.
Tom was left alone.
Tom was left behind to face the music alone.
Tom was left behind.
Tom was left dumbfounded.
Tom was left for dead in the desert.
Tom was left for dead.
Tom was left high and dry.
Tom was left in charge.
Tom was left out of the loop.
Tom was left out.
Tom was left speechless.
Tom was left to do everything on his own.
Tom was left with egg on his face when his PowerPoint presentation was shown to contain serious flaws.
Tom was left with no other choice.
Tom was left with nothing.
Tom was left without a penny to his name.
Tom was lenient and kind, but decisive.
Tom was lenient.
Tom was less fortunate.
Tom was less than convinced.
Tom was let go in late October.
Tom was let go.
Tom was let off with a warning.
Tom was lied to.
Tom was lighter me last year, but now he's heavier.
Tom was like a bear with a sore head for weeks after quitting smoking cold turkey.
Tom was like a big brother to me.
Tom was like a brother to Mary.
Tom was like a brother to me.
Tom was like a brother.
Tom was like a dad to me.
Tom was like a different person.
Tom was like a different person; you would've been forgiven for thinking that a benign spirit had suddenly taken possession of him.
Tom was like a father to Mary.
Tom was like a father to me.
Tom was like a member of our family.
Tom was like a son to Mary.
Tom was like a son to me.
Tom was like me.
Tom was like that sometimes.
Tom was like that.
Tom was liked by everybody.
Tom was liked by everyone.
Tom was likely unaware of that.
Tom was limping when I saw him.
Tom was limping.
Tom was listed among the missing.
Tom was listed as MIA.
Tom was listening intently.
Tom was listening to Mary.
Tom was listening to black metal.
Tom was listening to his iPod as he worked out.
Tom was listening to his iPod.
Tom was listening to music.
Tom was listening to the news.
Tom was listening to the rain.
Tom was listening with his eyes half closed.
Tom was listening.
Tom was livid when he found out Mary had told John where he'd hidden the money.
Tom was livid when he found out that Mary had told John where he'd hidden the money.
Tom was livid.
Tom was living alone in a hut on the beach.
Tom was living downtown at that time.
Tom was living downtown three years ago.
Tom was living here at that time.
Tom was living in Australia at that time.
Tom was living in Australia at the time.
Tom was living in Australia back then.
Tom was living in Australia in 2013.
Tom was living in Australia in those days.
Tom was living in Australia last year.
Tom was living in Australia when I first met him.
Tom was living in Australia when the war started.
Tom was living in Australia with his father at that time.
Tom was living in Boston at that time.
Tom was living in Boston in 2013.
Tom was living in Boston in those days.
Tom was living in Boston last year.
Tom was living in Boston then.
Tom was living in Boston when I first met him.
Tom was living in Boston when his parents got divorced.
Tom was living in Boston.
Tom was living in Mary's house.
Tom was living like a king.
Tom was living rent-free in a small house not too far from us.
Tom was living there.
Tom was living well beyond his means.
Tom was living with his uncle last year.
Tom was living with us at that time.
Tom was living with us three years ago.
Tom was living with us.
Tom was loaded into an ambulance.
Tom was lobotomized.
Tom was locked in a gingerbread house and had to eat his way out.
Tom was locked in a room without windows.
Tom was locked in his basement.
Tom was locked in.
Tom was locked inside.
Tom was locked up in a room.
Tom was lonely and he wished he had someone to talk to.
Tom was lonely and wanted somebody to talk to.
Tom was lonely and wished he had someone to talk to.
Tom was lonely without Mary.
Tom was lonely, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was lonely.
Tom was long considered an invincible warrior.
Tom was long gone by the time we got there.
Tom was long gone.
Tom was longing to meet them.
Tom was looked after in the hospital by three nurses.
Tom was looking all over for you.
Tom was looking around for something.
Tom was looking around the apartment to see what he could find.
Tom was looking around the room.
Tom was looking at Mary.
Tom was looking at a map of the area.
Tom was looking at a picture of Mary.
Tom was looking at a picture of a person wearing a hat.
Tom was looking at me.
Tom was looking at some girls in bikinis.
Tom was looking at some incel forum.
Tom was looking at the floor.
Tom was looking at the map.
Tom was looking at the pictures that Mary took when I entered the room.
Tom was looking at us.
Tom was looking at you.
Tom was looking down.
Tom was looking for Mary, but it was raining hard and he didn't see her.
Tom was looking for Mary.
Tom was looking for a job.
Tom was looking for a no-frills vacation destination.
Tom was looking for a place to eat that had reasonable prices.
Tom was looking for a place to sit.
Tom was looking for a rubber band.
Tom was looking for a seat.
Tom was looking for a vending machine.
Tom was looking for advice.
Tom was looking for answers.
Tom was looking for help.
Tom was looking for his ax.
Tom was looking for his dog all morning.
Tom was looking for his locker key.
Tom was looking for his pen.
Tom was looking for his umbrella, but he didn't find it.
Tom was looking for me. When he found out that I wasn't at work, he got furious.
Tom was looking for more stimulation in school.
Tom was looking for place to eat that had reasonable prices.
Tom was looking for some job and I hired him.
Tom was looking for some people to help him move his piano.
Tom was looking for something to eat.
Tom was looking for something.
Tom was looking for the entrance.
Tom was looking for the intruder.
Tom was looking for the man who tried to break into his car.
Tom was looking for the treasure, but didn't find it.
Tom was looking for trouble.
Tom was looking for you this morning.
Tom was looking for you to say goodbye.
Tom was looking for you.
Tom was looking forward to Mary's visit.
Tom was looking forward to going fishing with Mary.
Tom was looking forward to going hiking with Mary.
Tom was looking forward to going sailing with Mary.
Tom was looking forward to going shopping with Mary.
Tom was looking forward to going swimming with Mary.
Tom was looking forward to going to a movie with Mary.
Tom was looking forward to going to the dance with Mary.
Tom was looking forward to having a few weeks off.
Tom was looking forward to his wedding.
Tom was looking forward to playing tennis with Mary.
Tom was looking forward to seeing Mary again.
Tom was looking forward to seeing his family.
Tom was looking forward to sleeping in his own bed.
Tom was looking forward to spending the day with Mary.
Tom was looking forward to spending time with Mary.
Tom was looking forward to watching the football match he had recorded at home, and he was angry when he overheard someone mention the final score.
Tom was looking green around the gills after eating something at Mary's party that didn't agree with him.
Tom was looking in a mirror and straightening his tie.
Tom was looking out of the window.
Tom was looking out the window.
Tom was looking quite happy.
Tom was looking right at us.
Tom was looking somewhat distraught.
Tom was looking through some papers.
Tom was looking through the telescope that Mary had given him.
Tom was looking to find a workplace with a good salary.
Tom was looking under the couch cushions for something.
Tom was looking up at the ceiling.
Tom was losing blood fast.
Tom was losing hope.
Tom was losing money.
Tom was lost and confused.
Tom was lost at sea.
Tom was lost in his thoughts.
Tom was lost in thought.
Tom was lost, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was lost.
Tom was loud and obnoxious.
Tom was loud.
Tom was lounging on the sofa.
Tom was loved by everybody.
Tom was low on health, but he found a health pack just in time.
Tom was lowering a heavy box with a huge crane.
Tom was loyal.
Tom was luckier than Mary was.
Tom was lucky Mary did that for him.
Tom was lucky Mary helped him do that.
Tom was lucky Mary wasn't there with him.
Tom was lucky at first.
Tom was lucky enough to catch the train.
Tom was lucky enough to find a good job.
Tom was lucky he could do that.
Tom was lucky he didn't get seriously injured.
Tom was lucky he was able to do that.
Tom was lucky his toast fell right side up.
Tom was lucky his toast fell with the buttered side up.
Tom was lucky not to be at the party. If he had been there, I would have thrown him out.
Tom was lucky that Mary didn't hit him.
Tom was lucky that Mary didn’t hit him.
Tom was lucky that he didn't get hurt more than he did.
Tom was lucky that he didn't get killed.
Tom was lucky that he didn't lose his job.
Tom was lucky that his toast fell right side up.
Tom was lucky that his toast fell with the buttered side up.
Tom was lucky that somebody helped him do that.
Tom was lucky that someone helped him do that.
Tom was lucky that there was somebody there to help him.
Tom was lucky that there was someone there to help him.
Tom was lucky that you helped him with that.
Tom was lucky this time.
Tom was lucky to find a home.
Tom was lucky to find a job.
Tom was lucky to find his keys.
Tom was lucky to get the job.
Tom was lucky to grow up bilingual.
Tom was lucky to grow up in a multilingual environment.
Tom was lucky to have a teacher who was a native French speaker.
Tom was lucky to have had a French teacher who was a native speaker.
Tom was lucky to have had help doing that.
Tom was lucky to pass the exam.
Tom was lucky to survive the accident.
Tom was lucky to survive the attack.
Tom was lucky today.
Tom was lucky we were here to help him.
Tom was lucky yesterday.
Tom was lucky you helped him with that.
Tom was lucky, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was lucky.
Tom was lured into a trap.
Tom was lying about everything.
Tom was lying about his degree; he doesn't have one.
Tom was lying about that.
Tom was lying and cheating, and he paid for that.
Tom was lying at the foot of the ladder, covered in blood.
Tom was lying down.
Tom was lying face down on the bed.
Tom was lying face down on the ground.
Tom was lying flat on his back on a hospital bed.
Tom was lying helpless on the floor.
Tom was lying in bed watching TV.
Tom was lying in bed, staring up at the ceiling.
Tom was lying in bed.
Tom was lying in the hospital bed, unconscious.
Tom was lying on a cardboard in an underpass, looking shabby.
Tom was lying on his back, looking up at the stars.
Tom was lying on his back, staring up at the ceiling.
Tom was lying on his back.
Tom was lying on his stomach.
Tom was lying on the bed.
Tom was lying on the bench in the park, sleeping.
Tom was lying on the couch, reading a book.
Tom was lying on the couch.
Tom was lying on the floor.
Tom was lying on the grass in the garden.
Tom was lying on the grass.
Tom was lying on the ground.
Tom was lying on the pier getting a suntan.
Tom was lying on the sofa, thinking about his future.
Tom was lying the whole time.
Tom was lying through his teeth.
Tom was lying to Mary the whole time.
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he did that.
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he didn't do that.
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he didn't love her.
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he loved her.
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he would do that.
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he wouldn't do that.
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he'd already eaten.
Tom was lying to Mary when he told her he'd been in Boston.
Tom was lying to Mary when he told her that he'd been in Boston.
Tom was lying to Mary when he told her that.
Tom was lying to Mary.
Tom was lying to me again.
Tom was lying to me.
Tom was lying to us about what he did.
Tom was lying to us.
Tom was lying to you about that.
Tom was lying to you the whole time.
Tom was lying to you.
Tom was lying unconscious on the floor.
Tom was lying unconscious on the operating table.
Tom was lying unconscious on the sidewalk.
Tom was lying under the table, sleeping.
Tom was lying when he said he didn't know Mary.
Tom was lying, and you know it.
Tom was lying.
Tom was mad about Mary.
Tom was mad at Mary.
Tom was mad at his son.
Tom was mad at me because I wouldn't do what he asked me to do.
Tom was mad at me because I wouldn't go out with his sister.
Tom was mad at me for being late.
Tom was mad at me for not answering his phone.
Tom was mad at me.
Tom was mad at us.
Tom was mad at you.
Tom was mad because Mary didn't do what she said she'd do.
Tom was mad because Mary went to Boston without him.
Tom was mad because he'd been kept waiting.
Tom was mad with grief.
Tom was mad, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was mad, of course.
Tom was mad.
Tom was made by accident.
Tom was made captain.
Tom was made redundant in October.
Tom was made redundant.
Tom was made to cook dinner for the whole party.
Tom was made to do so.
Tom was made to do that against his will.
Tom was made to wait for over an hour.
Tom was made to work all day long.
Tom was madly in love with Mary.
Tom was magnanimous in victory.
Tom was magnificent.
Tom was making French fries.
Tom was making a lot of noise.
Tom was making a sandwich when Mary came into the kitchen.
Tom was making about a million dollars a year.
Tom was making an effort to crack a walnut without damaging its kernel.
Tom was making crepes.
Tom was making fun of Mary.
Tom was making fun of me.
Tom was making fun of us.
Tom was making funny faces.
Tom was making money hand over fist.
Tom was making money.
Tom was making noise.
Tom was making promises he couldn't keep.
Tom was making tea.
Tom was malicious.
Tom was malnourished as a teenager.
Tom was marooned on a desert island.
Tom was marooned on a deserted island.
Tom was marooned on a tiny island.
Tom was marooned on an island in the middle of nowhere.
Tom was marooned on an island in the middle of the Pacific ocean.
Tom was marooned on an island.
Tom was marooned on an uninhabited island.
Tom was married and then he got divorced.
Tom was married at that time.
Tom was married at the time.
Tom was married back then.
Tom was married before.
Tom was married for a long time.
Tom was married seven times.
Tom was married then.
Tom was married to Mary at that time.
Tom was married to Mary at the time.
Tom was married to Mary for a long time.
Tom was married to Mary for almost three years.
Tom was married to Mary for three years.
Tom was married to Mary then.
Tom was married to Mary when I first met him.
Tom was married to Mary's oldest daughter.
Tom was married to Mary's sister.
Tom was married to Mary.
Tom was married to a Canadian.
Tom was married to a famous actress.
Tom was married to another woman when Mary first met him.
Tom was married twice.
Tom was married when he returned.
Tom was married, but he didn't wear a ring.
Tom was married, but he didn’t wear a ring.
Tom was married.
Tom was master of the situation in no time.
Tom was mauled by a bear.
Tom was mauled by a dog when he was a kid.
Tom was mauled by a vicious animal.
Tom was mauled to death by a bear.
Tom was maybe thirteen at that time.
Tom was maybe thirteen years old at that time.
Tom was mean to Mary today.
Tom was mean to Mary.
Tom was mean to me the first time I met him.
Tom was mean to me.
Tom was mean to us.
Tom was mean.
Tom was meant to be here at 2.30.
Tom was medicated.
Tom was meditating.
Tom was mending his sock.
Tom was mentally ill.
Tom was mentioned in the book as well.
Tom was mentioned in the book, too.
Tom was mentioned.
Tom was mentored by Mary.
Tom was merely a witness.
Tom was merely stating a fact.
Tom was mesmerised.
Tom was mesmerized by Mary.
Tom was mesmerized, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was mesmerized.
Tom was messing around with the dishes.
Tom was messing with Mary.
Tom was messing with me.
Tom was messing with us.
Tom was messing with you.
Tom was methodical.
Tom was milking the cow.
Tom was mimicking Mary.
Tom was mindful of my warning.
Tom was minding his own business.
Tom was misbehaving.
Tom was mischievous, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was mischievous.
Tom was misdiagnosed.
Tom was miserable, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was miserable.
Tom was misguided.
Tom was misinformed.
Tom was missing for three days.
Tom was missing.
Tom was mistaken, of course.
Tom was mistaken, wasn't he?
Tom was mistaken.
Tom was mistakenly arrested.
Tom was mistreated as a child.
Tom was mistreated.
Tom was moaning in pain.
Tom was moaning.
Tom was mocked as a monster and shunned by everyone in the village.
Tom was molesting his ten-year daughter, Mary.
Tom was momentarily disoriented.
Tom was momentarily interested.
Tom was momentarily silent.
Tom was moody.
Tom was mopping the kitchen floor.
Tom was mopping the kitchen.
Tom was more affected by the change than Mary was.
Tom was more affected by the change than Mary.
Tom was more affected by the news than Mary was.
Tom was more concerned about Mary than himself.
Tom was more confused than I was.
Tom was more confused than ever.
Tom was more confused than hurt.
Tom was more direct.
Tom was more fortunate than me.
Tom was more popular than Mary was in high school.
Tom was more scared than I was.
Tom was more scared than hurt.
Tom was more scared than me.
Tom was more skeptical than I was.
Tom was more skilled in Russian than English.
Tom was more spontaneous.
Tom was more successful than Mary.
Tom was more surprised than angry.
Tom was more surprised than anybody.
Tom was more than a musician.
Tom was more than an hour late.
Tom was more than disappointed.
Tom was more than eager to do that.
Tom was more than happy to change the subject.
Tom was more than happy to do it.
Tom was more than happy to help.
Tom was more than happy.
Tom was more than intrigued.
Tom was more than ready.
Tom was more than satisfied with the meal.
Tom was more than three hours late.
Tom was more than upset.
Tom was more than willing to cooperate with the police.
Tom was more trouble than worth there.
Tom was more understanding than I expected.
Tom was more upset than I'd ever seen him before.
Tom was mortally injured.
Tom was mortally wounded.
Tom was mortified.
Tom was most insistent.
Tom was mostly right.
Tom was motivated by fear.
Tom was motivated by greed.
Tom was motivated by hatred.
Tom was motivated by jealousy.
Tom was motivated to do that, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was motivated to do that.
Tom was motivated.
Tom was mourning.
Tom was moved by Barack Obama's speech.
Tom was moved by the music.
Tom was moved to intensive care.
Tom was moved to tears.
Tom was moved.
Tom was moving as quickly as he could.
Tom was moving furniture.
Tom was moving.
Tom was much better at doing that than Mary was.
Tom was much better at doing that than Mary.
Tom was much better at speaking French than I thought he'd be.
Tom was much better golfer than I thought he'd be.
Tom was much better skier than I thought he'd be.
Tom was much bigger than I thought he'd be.
Tom was much bigger than me.
Tom was much busier than I expected.
Tom was much busier than I thought he'd be.
Tom was much busier than I was.
Tom was much faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom was much more patient than I was.
Tom was much more pragmatic.
Tom was much more upset than Mary was.
Tom was much older than his first wife.
Tom was much quicker at doing that than Mary was.
Tom was much richer than me before I won the lottery.
Tom was much slower than Mary.
Tom was much stronger than I was.
Tom was much stronger than me.
Tom was much stronger when he was younger.
Tom was much taller than I thought he'd be.
Tom was much taller than I was when we were in elementary school.
Tom was much taller than me when we were in elementary school.
Tom was much taller than the other children.
Tom was mugged again last night.
Tom was mugged as a kid.
Tom was mugged by three men in hoodies.
Tom was mugged by three men wearing hoodies.
Tom was mugged by three men.
Tom was mugged last night on his way home from work.
Tom was mugged on his way home from work.
Tom was mugged on his way home.
Tom was mugged.
Tom was mumbling something to himself.
Tom was mumbling something.
Tom was mumbling to himself.
Tom was munching on something.
Tom was murdered by Mary.
Tom was murdered by a Canadian.
Tom was murdered by someone he'd thought was his best friend.
Tom was murdered in 2013.
Tom was murdered in Australia three years ago.
Tom was murdered in Boston three months ago.
Tom was murdered in Boston three years ago.
Tom was murdered in October of 2013.
Tom was murdered in his bed.
Tom was murdered in his sleep.
Tom was murdered last night.
Tom was murdered last week.
Tom was murdered on October 20, 2013.
Tom was murdered on October 20th.
Tom was murdered yesterday evening.
Tom was murdered.
Tom was muttering something under his breath.
Tom was my French teacher for three years.
Tom was my French teacher.
Tom was my assistant.
Tom was my babysitter.
Tom was my best friend at that time.
Tom was my best friend in college.
Tom was my best friend in high school.
Tom was my best friend until he stole my girlfriend.
Tom was my best friend when I was a kid.
Tom was my best friend when I was in high school.
Tom was my best friend.
Tom was my best man.
Tom was my best student.
Tom was my biggest inspiration.
Tom was my boss for three years.
Tom was my boss three years ago.
Tom was my boss.
Tom was my boyfriend at that time.
Tom was my boyfriend at the time.
Tom was my boyfriend back then.
Tom was my boyfriend for three years.
Tom was my boyfriend in high school.
Tom was my boyfriend then.
Tom was my boyfriend three years ago.
Tom was my boyfriend when I was in high school.
Tom was my boyfriend.
Tom was my buddy.
Tom was my cellmate.
Tom was my classmate.
Tom was my client.
Tom was my closest friend.
Tom was my coach for three years.
Tom was my coach.
Tom was my colleague.
Tom was my college roommate.
Tom was my commanding officer.
Tom was my dance instructor.
Tom was my daughter's best friend.
Tom was my father.
Tom was my favorite.
Tom was my first Facebook friend.
Tom was my first French teacher.
Tom was my first boss.
Tom was my first boyfriend.
Tom was my first choice.
Tom was my first coach.
Tom was my first crush and my first heartbreak.
Tom was my first crush and my first love.
Tom was my first crush, my first love and later my first heartbreak.
Tom was my first crush.
Tom was my first customer.
Tom was my first husband's name.
Tom was my first husband.
Tom was my first love.
Tom was my first patient.
Tom was my first piano teacher.
Tom was my first real boyfriend.
Tom was my first roommate.
Tom was my first saxophone teacher.
Tom was my friend and a big inspiration to me.
Tom was my friend, too.
Tom was my friend.
Tom was my great-great-great-grandfather.
Tom was my guide.
Tom was my hero and mentor.
Tom was my hero growing up.
Tom was my hero.
Tom was my hostage.
Tom was my husband at that time.
Tom was my husband.
Tom was my informant.
Tom was my last apprentice.
Tom was my last roommate last year.
Tom was my last roommate.
Tom was my mentor.
Tom was my neighbor for three years.
Tom was my neighbor three years ago.
Tom was my neighbor when I lived in Australia.
Tom was my neighbor when I lived in Boston.
Tom was my neighbor.
Tom was my only child.
Tom was my only friend at that time.
Tom was my only friend in Boston.
Tom was my only friend.
Tom was my partner.
Tom was my patient.
Tom was my piano teacher.
Tom was my protector.
Tom was my role model.
Tom was my roommate in college.
Tom was my roommate last year.
Tom was my roommate.
Tom was my saxophone teacher for three years.
Tom was my son.
Tom was my student.
Tom was my teacher.
Tom was my very first patient.
Tom was my violin teacher.
Tom was my younger brother's roommate in college.
Tom was mystified.
Tom was naive enough to believe Mary.
Tom was naive.
Tom was naked but for a loincloth.
Tom was naked except for a loincloth.
Tom was naked from the waist up.
Tom was naked save for a loincloth.
Tom was naked.
Tom was named after his dad.
Tom was named after his father.
Tom was named after his grandfather.
Tom was named chairman in 2013.
Tom was named editor-in-chief of the local newspaper.
Tom was named officer of the year.
Tom was named the head of the organization after the director retired.
Tom was nasty to Mary.
Tom was nasty to everyone.
Tom was nasty.
Tom was naughty.
Tom was naïve, but smart.
Tom was near Mary.
Tom was near the window.
Tom was nearby.
Tom was nearly caught.
Tom was nearly dead.
Tom was nearly frozen to death in the snow.
Tom was nearly hit by a bicycle.
Tom was nearly hit by a car.
Tom was nearly killed himself.
Tom was nearly run over by a car.
Tom was nearly run over by a truck.
Tom was neatly dressed.
Tom was needed there.
Tom was neglected as a child.
Tom was negligent.
Tom was nerdy.
Tom was nervous and scared.
Tom was nervous before the exam.
Tom was nervous before the race.
Tom was nervous starting his new job.
Tom was nervous, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was nervous, but he knew what he was supposed to do.
Tom was nervous, too.
Tom was nervous.
Tom was nervously pacing back and forth.
Tom was never a soldier.
Tom was never able to tell Mary that he loved her.
Tom was never able to walk again.
Tom was never afraid even to talk about his own shortcomings.
Tom was never afraid of anybody.
Tom was never afraid of anyone.
Tom was never arrested.
Tom was never caught.
Tom was never charged with any crime.
Tom was never charged.
Tom was never clean.
Tom was never content.
Tom was never convicted of the crime.
Tom was never convicted of those charges.
Tom was never convinced that John and Mary were husband and wife.
Tom was never cruel.
Tom was never disrespectful to me.
Tom was never engaged to Mary.
Tom was never found.
Tom was never free from pain after that.
Tom was never funny.
Tom was never given the chance to do that.
Tom was never given the chance to try doing that.
Tom was never given the chance to win.
Tom was never happy here.
Tom was never happy.
Tom was never harmed.
Tom was never heard from again.
Tom was never here.
Tom was never homeless.
Tom was never in Boston.
Tom was never in any real danger.
Tom was never interested in sport.
Tom was never jealous.
Tom was never late for school.
Tom was never like that before he met you.
Tom was never married.
Tom was never my boyfriend.
Tom was never my friend.
Tom was never my partner.
Tom was never my student.
Tom was never one to ask for directions.
Tom was never prepared.
Tom was never prosecuted.
Tom was never punished for his crimes.
Tom was never really in love with Mary.
Tom was never really interested in doing that.
Tom was never reconciled with his father.
Tom was never replaced in his job. His work is now performed by a robot.
Tom was never rude to me.
Tom was never scared of anything.
Tom was never seen again after that.
Tom was never seen again alive.
Tom was never seen again.
Tom was never seen alive again.
Tom was never sober for more than a week at a time.
Tom was never sorry for anything.
Tom was never that bad.
Tom was never the problem.
Tom was never the same after his accident.
Tom was never the same after that.
Tom was never the same again.
Tom was never there.
Tom was never threatened.
Tom was never to see Mary again.
Tom was never to see his children again.
Tom was never to see his wife or his children again.
Tom was never told what actually happened.
Tom was never told what had actually happened.
Tom was never understood.
Tom was never unfair.
Tom was never unhappy.
Tom was never unkind to me.
Tom was never unkind.
Tom was never very friendly to Mary.
Tom was never very good at acknowledging mistakes.
Tom was never very good at cooking.
Tom was never very good at speaking French.
Tom was never very good at swimming.
Tom was never very good at team sports, but he enjoyed swimming and cycling.
Tom was never very interested in that.
Tom was never violent.
Tom was new at that time.
Tom was new here at that time.
Tom was next.
Tom was nice and polite.
Tom was nice enough to carry my suitcase for me.
Tom was nice enough to come with me.
Tom was nice enough to drive me home.
Tom was nice enough to help me.
Tom was nice enough to lend me money.
Tom was nice enough to lend money to me.
Tom was nice on the phone.
Tom was nice to Mary and her friends.
Tom was nice to Mary.
Tom was nice to all Mary's friends.
Tom was nice to all of Mary's friends.
Tom was nice to everyone.
Tom was nice to me and my friends.
Tom was nice to me.
Tom was nice to my dog.
Tom was nice, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was nice-looking.
Tom was nice.
Tom was nicely dressed.
Tom was no angel.
Tom was no different.
Tom was no help either.
Tom was no longer listening.
Tom was normally very reliable and his absence from the meeting was inexplicable.
Tom was nosey, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was nosey.
Tom was nosy.
Tom was not a good person.
Tom was not a perfect man.
Tom was not able to conceal his anger.
Tom was not able to quit smoking.
Tom was not able to sit for the exam because he was sick.
Tom was not afraid of locusts and planned to enter the unexplored valley fearlessly.
Tom was not allowed to board the plane because he did not hold a valid travel document.
Tom was not alone.
Tom was not amused.
Tom was not apologetic.
Tom was not at all ashamed of his extra-marital affair.
Tom was not being completely honest.
Tom was not born blind.
Tom was not cognisant of the new rules.
Tom was not coping at school, and was diagnosed as a slow learner in second grade.
Tom was not exactly impressed.
Tom was not exactly thrilled to see Mary.
Tom was not faking.
Tom was not famous.
Tom was not far behind.
Tom was not far from me.
Tom was not feeling very hungry.
Tom was not happy about this.
Tom was not happy.
Tom was not having a good time.
Tom was not having a great time.
Tom was not having an easy time.
Tom was not impressed.
Tom was not in compliance with his doctor's orders.
Tom was not in the mood to laugh.
Tom was not interested in anything else.
Tom was not interested in her.
Tom was not invited to the ball.
Tom was not invited to the party.
Tom was not involved in the death of his estranged wife, Mary.
Tom was not jealous.
Tom was not joking around when fired 5 shots into their car.
Tom was not just interested in Mary's musical abilities.
Tom was not much older than Mary.
Tom was not oblivious to her presence.
Tom was not on the passenger list.
Tom was not only old, but also blind.
Tom was not permitted to tell Mary everything he knew.
Tom was not pleased.
Tom was not satisfied with the service at the hotel where he was staying.
Tom was not seriously injured.
Tom was not suicidal.
Tom was not sure what to do next.
Tom was not surprised by what he read in the report.
Tom was not surprised that Mary was there.
Tom was not the impostor.
Tom was not the man of my dreams.
Tom was not used to eating Japanese food.
Tom was not used to having someone wait on him.
Tom was not very energetic.
Tom was not very good in school.
Tom was not very impressed.
Tom was not very keen on the idea.
Tom was not wearing a winter jacket.
Tom was not wearing socks.
Tom was nothing but skin and bone.
Tom was nothing compared to you.
Tom was noticeably tense.
Tom was notified Monday.
Tom was notified on Monday.
Tom was notified.
Tom was nowhere in sight.
Tom was nowhere to be found.
Tom was nowhere to be seen.
Tom was nude.
Tom was numb with fear.
Tom was number one.
Tom was obedient, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was obedient.
Tom was objective.
Tom was obliged to give up that plan.
Tom was oblivious to her presence.
Tom was obnoxious.
Tom was obsequious towards his superiors and bullying towards his subordinates.
Tom was observing the sky with his telescope when he discovered a mysterious new object.
Tom was obsessed by the belief that, one by one, everyone around him was being abducted and replaced by aliens.
Tom was obsessed with Mary.
Tom was obsessed with celebrity.
Tom was obsessed with you.
Tom was obsessive about segregating his books by the sex of the author.
Tom was obstinate, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was obstinate.
Tom was obviously a rich man.
Tom was obviously afraid.
Tom was obviously amused by what was going on.
Tom was obviously amused.
Tom was obviously angry.
Tom was obviously annoyed.
Tom was obviously anxious.
Tom was obviously asleep.
Tom was obviously awake.
Tom was obviously baffled.
Tom was obviously blind.
Tom was obviously bored.
Tom was obviously busy.
Tom was obviously cold.
Tom was obviously confused.
Tom was obviously contented.
Tom was obviously deaf.
Tom was obviously desperate to do that.
Tom was obviously determined to do that.
Tom was obviously devastated by what happened.
Tom was obviously devastated.
Tom was obviously disappointed.
Tom was obviously discouraged.
Tom was obviously disgusted.
Tom was obviously displeased.
Tom was obviously distracted.
Tom was obviously drunk.
Tom was obviously dumbfounded.
Tom was obviously dying to know.
Tom was obviously embarrassed.
Tom was obviously excited.
Tom was obviously exhausted.
Tom was obviously frightened.
Tom was obviously frustrated.
Tom was obviously glad that had happened.
Tom was obviously glad that that had happened.
Tom was obviously glad that that was going to happen.
Tom was obviously glad that was going to happen.
Tom was obviously glad that we were there.
Tom was obviously glad we were there.
Tom was obviously happy he'd been chosen.
Tom was obviously happy that he'd been chosen.
Tom was obviously happy to see Mary.
Tom was obviously happy.
Tom was obviously having a good time.
Tom was obviously heartbroken.
Tom was obviously hesitant to do that.
Tom was obviously high.
Tom was obviously homeless.
Tom was obviously homesick.
Tom was obviously horrified.
Tom was obviously humiliated.
Tom was obviously impressed.
Tom was obviously in a hurry to get that done.
Tom was obviously in a hurry.
Tom was obviously in pain.
Tom was obviously infuriated.
Tom was obviously interested in doing that.
Tom was obviously interested.
Tom was obviously intoxicated.
Tom was obviously intrigued.
Tom was obviously irritated.
Tom was obviously jealous.
Tom was obviously lonely.
Tom was obviously lying.
Tom was obviously mad.
Tom was obviously miserable.
Tom was obviously mistaken.
Tom was obviously motivated to do that.
Tom was obviously nervous.
Tom was obviously not busy.
Tom was obviously not expecting us to be here.
Tom was obviously not feeling very well.
Tom was obviously not having a good time.
Tom was obviously not having a very good time.
Tom was obviously not having any fun.
Tom was obviously not impressed.
Tom was obviously not interested in doing that.
Tom was obviously not interested.
Tom was obviously not very impressed.
Tom was obviously offended.
Tom was obviously plastered.
Tom was obviously pleased to see Mary.
Tom was obviously pleased.
Tom was obviously prejudiced.
Tom was obviously puzzled.
Tom was obviously reluctant to do that.
Tom was obviously rich.
Tom was obviously scared.
Tom was obviously sick.
Tom was obviously sleepy.
Tom was obviously sorry.
Tom was obviously stoned.
Tom was obviously surprised.
Tom was obviously tempted to do that.
Tom was obviously tempted.
Tom was obviously terrified.
Tom was obviously thrilled.
Tom was obviously tired.
Tom was obviously too drunk to drive home.
Tom was obviously troubled.
Tom was obviously trying not to smile.
Tom was obviously trying to cheer Mary up.
Tom was obviously trying to cheer me up.
Tom was obviously unfazed by that.
Tom was obviously unhappy.
Tom was obviously unsuccessful.
Tom was obviously upset.
Tom was obviously very disappointed.
Tom was obviously very drunk.
Tom was obviously very sick.
Tom was obviously very upset.
Tom was obviously worried about what might happen.
Tom was obviously worried.
Tom was obviously wrong.
Tom was odious.
Tom was off duty at the time.
Tom was off duty this afternoon.
Tom was off duty yesterday.
Tom was off that day.
Tom was offended because I didn't go to his birthday party.
Tom was offended by what Mary had said.
Tom was offended by what Mary said.
Tom was offended by what you said.
Tom was offended by your remarks.
Tom was offended that he hadn't been invited to the party.
Tom was offended, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was offended.
Tom was offered a good job.
Tom was offered a job in Australia.
Tom was offered a job in Boston.
Tom was offered a job.
Tom was offered a leading role in a horror movie.
Tom was offered a retraining course for free.
Tom was offered a surrogate home, but he refused it.
Tom was offered his job back.
Tom was offside.
Tom was often beaten by his alcoholic father.
Tom was often bullied at school because of his weight.
Tom was often bullied at school for being different.
Tom was often bullied at school.
Tom was often bullied in school.
Tom was often late for school.
Tom was often made fun of when he was a kid.
Tom was often teased at school.
Tom was often teased because of his poor French.
Tom was often teased by girls in his class.
Tom was often teased in school.
Tom was old and frail.
Tom was old.
Tom was older and wiser than his friend.
Tom was older than the rest of the children in his class.
Tom was on TV last night.
Tom was on TV last week.
Tom was on TV yesterday.
Tom was on TV.
Tom was on Viagra.
Tom was on a beach somewhere in Florida.
Tom was on a diet, so all he ate for dessert was one strawberry.
Tom was on a mission.
Tom was on another flight.
Tom was on campus.
Tom was on cloud nine today.
Tom was on cloud nine.
Tom was on crutches.
Tom was on drugs.
Tom was on duty at that time.
Tom was on duty at the time.
Tom was on duty that night.
Tom was on duty then.
Tom was on duty this afternoon.
Tom was on duty.
Tom was on edge till he heard from his wife.
Tom was on edge waiting for news of how Mary's surgery went.
Tom was on edge.
Tom was on good terms with Mary.
Tom was on his bicycle and Mary was on her motorcycle.
Tom was on his computer all day.
Tom was on his hands and knees, scrubbing the floor.
Tom was on his own.
Tom was on his phone.
Tom was on his way home from school when the accident happened.
Tom was on his way home from work when he was hit by a truck.
Tom was on his way home when he got hit by a car.
Tom was on his way home when his car ran off the road.
Tom was on his way to church.
Tom was on his way to death row.
Tom was on his way to school when he was bitten by a dog.
Tom was on his way to school.
Tom was on his way to the hospital when his car ran off the road.
Tom was on his way to the library when I ran into him.
Tom was on his way to work when I talked to him this morning.
Tom was on his way to work when a truck hit him.
Tom was on leave in October.
Tom was on our team.
Tom was on patrol.
Tom was on piano.
Tom was on probation for an armed robbery.
Tom was on television last night.
Tom was on television last week.
Tom was on that bus.
Tom was on that plane.
Tom was on that team.
Tom was on that train.
Tom was on the balcony, looking at the sunset.
Tom was on the balcony.
Tom was on the basketball team in high school.
Tom was on the basketball team when he was in high school.
Tom was on the beach.
Tom was on the bus with Mary.
Tom was on the bus, too.
Tom was on the bus.
Tom was on the couch, sleeping.
Tom was on the couch.
Tom was on the dock.
Tom was on the fence.
Tom was on the flight.
Tom was on the floor.
Tom was on the grassy knoll with a rifle.
Tom was on the jury that convicted Mary.
Tom was on the list.
Tom was on the moon.
Tom was on the news last night.
Tom was on the news yesterday.
Tom was on the news.
Tom was on the other side of town at the time of the shooting.
Tom was on the patio.
Tom was on the phone most of the day.
Tom was on the phone with Mary when John walked into the room.
Tom was on the phone yelling at someone when I entered the room.
Tom was on the phone.
Tom was on the pier.
Tom was on the point of leaving when Mary asked him a question.
Tom was on the porch just a few minutes ago.
Tom was on the porch.
Tom was on the radio.
Tom was on the roof.
Tom was on the run.
Tom was on the same bus as I was.
Tom was on the same bus as me.
Tom was on the same bus that I was on.
Tom was on the same bus with me.
Tom was on the same construction crew as John.
Tom was on the same flight as I was.
Tom was on the same flight as me.
Tom was on the same plane I was.
Tom was on the same plane as I was.
Tom was on the same plane as Mary was.
Tom was on the same plane as Mary.
Tom was on the same plane as me.
Tom was on the same plane that I was.
Tom was on the same team I was.
Tom was on the same train I was.
Tom was on the same train as Mary was.
Tom was on the same train as Mary.
Tom was on the same train that I was.
Tom was on the same train.
Tom was on the team.
Tom was on the veranda.
Tom was on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
Tom was on the verge of crying.
Tom was on the verge of starvation.
Tom was on the verge of tears.
Tom was on the volleyball team.
Tom was on the way.
Tom was on time.
Tom was on tour.
Tom was on vacation last week.
Tom was on vacation when he met Mary.
Tom was on vacation with his son when his wife died.
Tom was on vacation.
Tom was on verge of fainting.
Tom was once a Bible teacher.
Tom was once a basketball player.
Tom was once a capitalist.
Tom was once a champion swimmer.
Tom was once a communist.
Tom was once a drug addict.
Tom was once a golfer.
Tom was once a great teacher.
Tom was once a libertarian socialist.
Tom was once a libertarian.
Tom was once a lot richer than he is now.
Tom was once a star.
Tom was once a translator.
Tom was once a very good friend to me.
Tom was once addicted to sequencing music.
Tom was once again comatose.
Tom was once an anarchist.
Tom was once engaged to Mary.
Tom was once homeless.
Tom was once my chauffeur.
Tom was one of John's apprentices.
Tom was one of guys who helped me build this shed.
Tom was one of many to voice opposition to the proposal.
Tom was one of my best friends in high school.
Tom was one of my best students.
Tom was one of my better students.
Tom was one of my classmates at school.
Tom was one of my first students.
Tom was one of my friends in high school. We were both on the basketball team.
Tom was one of my patients.
Tom was one of my students.
Tom was one of our best.
Tom was one of our cooks.
Tom was one of people sitting on stage.
Tom was one of seven kids.
Tom was one of the attackers.
Tom was one of the bad guys.
Tom was one of the bad kids in school.
Tom was one of the best players on our team.
Tom was one of the best players on the team.
Tom was one of the best.
Tom was one of the better players on our team.
Tom was one of the commanders.
Tom was one of the few people Mary felt understood by.
Tom was one of the few people who Mary felt understood her.
Tom was one of the few people who escaped from the burning building.
Tom was one of the first people I met when I moved to Boston.
Tom was one of the first people here today.
Tom was one of the first people that I met when I moved to Boston.
Tom was one of the first people to arrive.
Tom was one of the first to offer help.
Tom was one of the good guys.
Tom was one of the group.
Tom was one of the guys in the pool.
Tom was one of the interrogators.
Tom was one of the invited guests.
Tom was one of the last one to hand in his work.
Tom was one of the last ones to hand in his test.
Tom was one of the last people to arrive.
Tom was one of the last people to finish eating.
Tom was one of the last people to get here.
Tom was one of the last people to leave the party.
Tom was one of the last people to leave.
Tom was one of the last to hand in their test.
Tom was one of the last to hand in their work.
Tom was one of the last to leave.
Tom was one of the lucky few.
Tom was one of the lucky ones.
Tom was one of the many people who got injured.
Tom was one of the men that the police arrested yesterday in the park.
Tom was one of the men the police arrested yesterday in the park.
Tom was one of the most handsome young men Mary had ever seen.
Tom was one of the ones who got fired.
Tom was one of the ones who stayed and helped clean up after the party.
Tom was one of the people that stayed and helped clean up after the party.
Tom was one of the people who did that.
Tom was one of the people who helped us.
Tom was one of the people who stayed and helped clean up after the party.
Tom was one of the presenters.
Tom was one of the recipients.
Tom was one of the referees.
Tom was one of the soldiers that we met the other day.
Tom was one of the soldiers we met the other day.
Tom was one of the soldiers whom we met the other day.
Tom was one of the speakers.
Tom was one of the survivors.
Tom was one of the suspects.
Tom was one of the three finalists.
Tom was one of the three guys that did that.
Tom was one of the three panelists.
Tom was one of the three people who died in the attack.
Tom was one of the three who died in the attack.
Tom was one of the unnamed "sons and daughters" mentioned in Genesis.
Tom was one of the victims.
Tom was one of them.
Tom was one of those present.
Tom was one of those who got arrested.
Tom was one of those who got fired.
Tom was one of those who got laid off.
Tom was one of those who were arrested.
Tom was one of those who were fired.
Tom was one of those who were laid off.
Tom was one of three children.
Tom was one of three contestants.
Tom was one of us.
Tom was one the first people Mary met when she moved to Australia.
Tom was one the first people Mary met when she moved to Boston.
Tom was one the first people that Mary met when she moved to Australia.
Tom was one tough guy.
Tom was one year away from retirement.
Tom was one year shy of retirement.
Tom was only 13 or 14 at the time.
Tom was only 18 when he graduated from university.
Tom was only a couple of months old when he died.
Tom was only able to do that for a short time.
Tom was only allowed to do that once.
Tom was only at Mary's party for a few minutes.
Tom was only doing what he had to do.
Tom was only doing what he needed to do.
Tom was only eighteen years old when he graduated from university.
Tom was only frightened, not injured.
Tom was only given thirty minutes to do that.
Tom was only gone for fifteen minutes.
Tom was only half alive when we found him.
Tom was only half joking.
Tom was only here for three days.
Tom was only here three nights.
Tom was only in Australia for a couple of weeks.
Tom was only in Australia for three days.
Tom was only in Boston for a couple of weeks.
Tom was only in Boston for three days.
Tom was only in Boston for three weeks.
Tom was only interested in sex and booze.
Tom was only joking.
Tom was only lightly dressed.
Tom was only one of Mary's many stepchildren.
Tom was only one of Mary’s many stepchildren.
Tom was only one who volunteered to help me.
Tom was only partly successful.
Tom was only permitted to do that once.
Tom was only pretending he couldn't understand.
Tom was only pretending he didn't understand French.
Tom was only pretending he was tired.
Tom was only pretending that he couldn't understand.
Tom was only pretending that he didn't understand French.
Tom was only pretending that he was tired.
Tom was only pretending to be angry.
Tom was only pretending to be asleep.
Tom was only pretending to be happy.
Tom was only pretending to be sleeping.
Tom was only pretending to be sleepy.
Tom was only pretending.
Tom was only scratched.
Tom was only slightly injured.
Tom was only slightly worried about that.
Tom was only stating the obvious.
Tom was only teasing.
Tom was only there for a couple of weeks.
Tom was only there for a few days.
Tom was only there for three days.
Tom was only thinking about how to save his own skin.
Tom was only thirteen at that time.
Tom was only thirteen at the time.
Tom was only thirteen when he came to Boston.
Tom was only thirteen when he moved to Boston.
Tom was only thirteen when his parents died.
Tom was only thirteen years old at that time.
Tom was only thirteen years old at the time.
Tom was only thirteen years old then.
Tom was only thirteen years old when he came to Boston.
Tom was only thirteen years old when he moved to Boston.
Tom was only thirteen.
Tom was only three minutes late.
Tom was only three months old when he died.
Tom was only three when he came to Boston.
Tom was only three years old when he came to Boston.
Tom was only three years old when he first came to Australia.
Tom was only three years old when he first came to Boston.
Tom was only too happy to help.
Tom was only trying to be friendly.
Tom was only trying to help Mary.
Tom was only trying to help me.
Tom was only trying to help.
Tom was only trying to protect you.
Tom was only trying to save a little money.
Tom was only twenty-five when he made his first million.
Tom was only using you.
Tom was only wearing a towel.
Tom was only wearing underwear.
Tom was open about his problems.
Tom was open to everything.
Tom was operated on for three hours.
Tom was operated on in the afternoon.
Tom was operated on yesterday.
Tom was optimistic.
Tom was ordained in 2013.
Tom was ordered to do it.
Tom was ordered to do that.
Tom was ordered to empty his office.
Tom was ordered to go to the court of law.
Tom was ordered to leave, but he refused.
Tom was organized.
Tom was orphaned at the age of thirteen.
Tom was orphaned when he was nine years old.
Tom was orphaned when he was three years old.
Tom was orphaned when he was three.
Tom was ostensibly at the zoo.
Tom was ostracised.
Tom was ostracized.
Tom was our captain.
Tom was our chauffeur for three years.
Tom was our designated driver, so he didn't drink.
Tom was our dog walker.
Tom was our foreman.
Tom was our friend, too.
Tom was our friend.
Tom was our group's leader and manager.
Tom was our hero.
Tom was our interpreter.
Tom was our last hope.
Tom was our leader.
Tom was our neighbor.
Tom was our neighbour.
Tom was our pilot.
Tom was our platoon leader.
Tom was our substitute teacher.
Tom was out all day.
Tom was out all night throwing shapes in the church of dance.
Tom was out cold.
Tom was out drinking last night.
Tom was out for revenge.
Tom was out late last night drinking.
Tom was out late last night.
Tom was out of breath after running up the stairs.
Tom was out of breath.
Tom was out of bullets, so he put his gun down and grabbed a knife.
Tom was out of control.
Tom was out of his depth trying to control the class of problem children.
Tom was out of his mind.
Tom was out of it.
Tom was out of line.
Tom was out of sight.
Tom was out of town last week.
Tom was out of town last weekend.
Tom was out of town when that happened.
Tom was out of town when the fire broke out.
Tom was out of town yesterday.
Tom was out of work at that time.
Tom was out of work when I first met him.
Tom was out partying all weekend.
Tom was out shopping all morning.
Tom was out shopping when Mary came by.
Tom was out there in the woods by himself all night.
Tom was out till midnight last night.
Tom was out walking his dogs late last night.
Tom was out when I called.
Tom was out with friends.
Tom was out with his friends.
Tom was out yesterday.
Tom was out, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was out.
Tom was outraged by Mary's accusations.
Tom was outraged by their approach.
Tom was outraged, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was outraged.
Tom was outside playing with the dog a while ago.
Tom was outside the movie theater.
Tom was outside.
Tom was outspoken.
Tom was outstanding tonight.
Tom was outstanding.
Tom was outwitted by Mary.
Tom was over the legal limit.
Tom was over the moon.
Tom was overcome by the heat.
Tom was overcome with a sense of futility.
Tom was overcome with a sense of guilt.
Tom was overcome with a sense of satisfaction.
Tom was overcome with awe.
Tom was overcome with curiosity.
Tom was overcome with embarrassment.
Tom was overcome with emotion.
Tom was overcome with grief.
Tom was overcome with happiness.
Tom was overcome with insecurity.
Tom was overcome with jealousy.
Tom was overcome with sadness.
Tom was overcome with self-doubt.
Tom was overcome with sorrow.
Tom was overconfident.
Tom was overdoing it.
Tom was overdressed for the occasion.
Tom was overeating.
Tom was overflowing with enthusiasm.
Tom was overjoyed to see Mary.
Tom was overjoyed with the result.
Tom was overjoyed.
Tom was overly optimistic.
Tom was overpaid.
Tom was overpowered.
Tom was overqualified.
Tom was overreacting.
Tom was overseas at that time.
Tom was overseas at the time.
Tom was overseas then.
Tom was overweight when he was a teenager.
Tom was overweight.
Tom was overwhelmed by anxiety.
Tom was overwhelmed by emotion.
Tom was overwhelmed by the amount of work he had to do.
Tom was overwhelmed by the amount of work that he had to do.
Tom was overwhelmed by the sad news.
Tom was overwhelmed with emotion.
Tom was overwhelmed with nostalgia when he went back to visit his old school fifty years after he had graduated from it.
Tom was overwhelmed with shame.
Tom was overwhelmed, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was overwhelmed.
Tom was overworked and exhausted.
Tom was pacing back and forth in the parking lot, waiting for Mary.
Tom was pacing back and forth, waiting for Mary.
Tom was pacing in his room, unable to calm himself down.
Tom was packing a gun.
Tom was packing his bag.
Tom was packing his school satchel for the coming day.
Tom was paid for doing that.
Tom was paid less than he expected to be paid.
Tom was paid less than he expected.
Tom was paid more than he deserved.
Tom was paid more than he expected to be paid.
Tom was paid more than he expected.
Tom was paid thirty dollars an hour.
Tom was paid thirty dollars for what he did.
Tom was paid three hundred dollars for doing that.
Tom was paid three hundred dollars.
Tom was paid to do that.
Tom was paid to lose.
Tom was paid under the table.
Tom was paid well for doing that.
Tom was painfully thin.
Tom was painting the fence yesterday afternoon.
Tom was painting.
Tom was pale with fear.
Tom was pale.
Tom was panicking.
Tom was panting.
Tom was paralyzed by a stroke.
Tom was paralyzed by fear.
Tom was paralyzed for a moment.
Tom was paralyzed with amazement.
Tom was paralyzed with fear.
Tom was paralyzed with terror.
Tom was paralyzed.
Tom was paranoid.
Tom was pardoned by the governor.
Tom was pardoned for his role in the armed coup attempt.
Tom was pardoned in 2013.
Tom was pardoned.
Tom was parking his car.
Tom was paroled again in 2013.
Tom was paroled in 2013.
Tom was paroled last month.
Tom was part of our household.
Tom was part of that.
Tom was part of the crime prevention task force.
Tom was part of the scandal.
Tom was part of the team ensuring law and order in the town.
Tom was part of the team providing first aid during the crisis.
Tom was partially correct.
Tom was partially disrobed.
Tom was partly responsible for the accident.
Tom was partly right.
Tom was partly to blame.
Tom was partying with his friends.
Tom was passed out on the couch.
Tom was passed out on the floor.
Tom was passionate.
Tom was passionately in love with her.
Tom was patient with Mary.
Tom was patient, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was patient.
Tom was patiently waiting for Mary.
Tom was patiently waiting for me in his car.
Tom was patrolling the area.
Tom was paying attention.
Tom was paying really close attention.
Tom was peeling potatoes.
Tom was peering out of the window into the street.
Tom was perfect.
Tom was perfectly fine.
Tom was perfectly safe.
Tom was perfectly satisfied.
Tom was perilously close to the edge of the cliff.
Tom was permanently banned from Twitter.
Tom was permitted to do that.
Tom was permitted to meet Mary.
Tom was permitted to tell Mary everything he knew.
Tom was perplexed by Mary's odd behavior.
Tom was perplexed by Mary's request.
Tom was perplexed.
Tom was persistent.
Tom was persuaded to change his mind.
Tom was persuaded, but not me.
Tom was persuaded.
Tom was persuasive.
Tom was pessimistic, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was pessimistic.
Tom was pestered by Mary with questions.
Tom was pestered with questions by Mary.
Tom was petrified of the dog.
Tom was petrified with fear.
Tom was petrified with fright.
Tom was petrified.
Tom was petting his dog.
Tom was physically punished as a child, which left a mark on him.
Tom was picked last.
Tom was picking blackberries.
Tom was picking blueberries.
Tom was picking flowers.
Tom was picking on Mary.
Tom was picking on me.
Tom was pigheaded and ate three meatball sub sandwiches in Rome. He pooped his pants on the train ride back to Milan.
Tom was pissed.
Tom was pitiless.
Tom was placed in foster care when he was three years old.
Tom was placed on medical leave from college.
Tom was placed under house arrest.
Tom was plagued by fear of failure.
Tom was plagued by severe anxiety that saw him hospitalised several times.
Tom was planning a party.
Tom was planning on doing that tomorrow.
Tom was planning on doing that.
Tom was planning on going until Mary asked him not to.
Tom was planning on going.
Tom was planning on killing his unfaithful wife.
Tom was planning on killing someone.
Tom was planning on taking pictures.
Tom was planning to do that.
Tom was planning to get married the last time I talked to him.
Tom was planning to give up.
Tom was planning to go to Boston the day after Christmas.
Tom was planning to go until Mary asked him not to.
Tom was planning to go.
Tom was planning to take pictures.
Tom was plastered.
Tom was playing a game on his phone.
Tom was playing a piece on the piano.
Tom was playing basketball this afternoon with his friends.
Tom was playing basketball with a group of friends.
Tom was playing bridge.
Tom was playing cards with Mary.
Tom was playing chess last night.
Tom was playing chess with Mary.
Tom was playing football.
Tom was playing for time.
Tom was playing games all afternoon.
Tom was playing golf that morning.
Tom was playing golf.
Tom was playing guitar.
Tom was playing in the backyard.
Tom was playing in the park with his friends until it got dark.
Tom was playing outside the last time I saw him.
Tom was playing quietly by himself.
Tom was playing tennis all day.
Tom was playing tennis this morning.
Tom was playing tennis with Mary this morning.
Tom was playing tennis.
Tom was playing the guitar and cooking at the same time.
Tom was playing the piano at that time.
Tom was playing the piano.
Tom was playing the trumpet.
Tom was playing with Mary's dog.
Tom was playing with his brothers and sisters at that time.
Tom was playing with his dogs.
Tom was playing with my dog.
Tom was pleasantly surprised that more than 60 people liked the photo he put on Facebook.
Tom was pleasantly surprised to see Mary.
Tom was pleasantly surprised.
Tom was pleased because he did a good thing.
Tom was pleased to hear that.
Tom was pleased to see Mary.
Tom was pleased to see his friend Mary.
Tom was pleased with his new hat.
Tom was pleased with the bicycle that his father gave him.
Tom was pleased with the gift.
Tom was pleased with the results.
Tom was pleased, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was pleased.
Tom was plowing.
Tom was pointing at Mary.
Tom was poisoned by his wife.
Tom was poisoned.
Tom was poking at the fire.
Tom was polite and smiled.
Tom was polite but distant.
Tom was polite but firm.
Tom was polite to Mary.
Tom was polite to me.
Tom was polite to us.
Tom was polite, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was polite.
Tom was politically conservative.
Tom was pompous.
Tom was poor his whole life.
Tom was poor, although he could have been very rich.
Tom was poor.
Tom was popular with both students and teachers.
Tom was popular with the ladies.
Tom was popular.
Tom was posing as a doctor.
Tom was positive that Mary was going to be there.
Tom was positive that the camera Mary had was his, but it wasn't.
Tom was positive that the camera Mary had was his, but it wasn’t.
Tom was possessed by a demon.
Tom was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor.
Tom was pouring Mary a drink when he felt the ground start shaking.
Tom was pouring a drink for Mary when he felt the ground start shaking.
Tom was pouring sweat.
Tom was practically drooling over her.
Tom was practising English with us.
Tom was praised for that.
Tom was praising his team to the skies.
Tom was praising you, you know.
Tom was praying.
Tom was preoccupied with his hobby.
Tom was preoccupied with problems at home, and found it hard to concentrate at work.
Tom was prepared for that.
Tom was prepared for what happened.
Tom was prepared to do that.
Tom was prepared to go to trial.
Tom was prepared, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was prepared.
Tom was preparing breakfast.
Tom was preparing for it for a long time.
Tom was preparing lunch while Vladimir was cleaning the bedroom.
Tom was prescribed a type of anabolic steroid by his doctor.
Tom was present at the meeting.
Tom was present at the party.
Tom was present at today's meeting, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was present at today's meeting.
Tom was present when that happened.
Tom was present, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was present.
Tom was pretending to be asleep.
Tom was pretending to be me.
Tom was pretty amazing.
Tom was pretty angry.
Tom was pretty bad off.
Tom was pretty broke at that time.
Tom was pretty bummed.
Tom was pretty busy himself.
Tom was pretty busy.
Tom was pretty close to the edge of the cliff.
Tom was pretty close with his parents.
Tom was pretty disappointed.
Tom was pretty distraught.
Tom was pretty drunk.
Tom was pretty early.
Tom was pretty excited.
Tom was pretty friendly to me.
Tom was pretty good at it.
Tom was pretty good tonight.
Tom was pretty good.
Tom was pretty hungry.
Tom was pretty late.
Tom was pretty much drunk.
Tom was pretty nervous.
Tom was pretty nice to me.
Tom was pretty open.
Tom was pretty quick.
Tom was pretty rattled.
Tom was pretty scared.
Tom was pretty shaken up.
Tom was pretty shocked.
Tom was pretty shook up.
Tom was pretty shy when he was a kid.
Tom was pretty sick.
Tom was pretty smart.
Tom was pretty sure that Mary wouldn't catch a fish.
Tom was pretty sure that the door was locked.
Tom was pretty sure the door was locked.
Tom was pretty tired.
Tom was pretty tough.
Tom was pretty upset.
Tom was pretty worked up about an hour ago.
Tom was pretty young at the time.
Tom was pretty young when Mary first met him.
Tom was previously a drunk, but now he's a teetotaler.
Tom was probably Mary's closest friend.
Tom was probably about thirteen at that time.
Tom was probably about thirteen at the time.
Tom was probably about thirteen when he did that.
Tom was probably about thirteen years old at that time.
Tom was probably about thirteen years old at the time.
Tom was probably away on holiday.
Tom was probably born in Australia.
Tom was probably born in Boston.
Tom was probably busy.
Tom was probably complaining about me.
Tom was probably drunk when he crashed his car.
Tom was probably drunk when he did that.
Tom was probably drunk.
Tom was probably fired.
Tom was probably happy with Mary's gift.
Tom was probably hungry.
Tom was probably impressed.
Tom was probably in Boston on that day.
Tom was probably joking.
Tom was probably just busy.
Tom was probably just drunk.
Tom was probably just in a hurry.
Tom was probably just scared.
Tom was probably just tired.
Tom was probably looking for Mary.
Tom was probably lying to you.
Tom was probably lying.
Tom was probably one of the nicest humans anybody had ever met.
Tom was probably out of his mind while signing it.
Tom was probably pondering something.
Tom was probably right.
Tom was probably surprised.
Tom was probably telling the truth.
Tom was probably the last one to fall asleep.
Tom was probably the one who did this.
Tom was probably the one who gave Mary that necklace.
Tom was probably the one who hurt Mary.
Tom was probably the one who killed Mary.
Tom was probably the one who told Mary.
Tom was probably the shortest person in the room.
Tom was probably thirteen at that time.
Tom was probably thirteen years old at that time.
Tom was probably thirty at the time.
Tom was probably too stunned to say anything.
Tom was probably too surprised to be scared.
Tom was probably very tired when he got home.
Tom was productive.
Tom was projectile vomiting all over the kitchen.
Tom was promised a prompt reply.
Tom was promoted from Airman to Airman First Class.
Tom was promoted last week.
Tom was promoted to a colonel.
Tom was promoted to first lieutenant on October 20, 2013.
Tom was promoted to foreman.
Tom was promoted to manager.
Tom was promoted to president.
Tom was promoted.
Tom was prone to melancholy.
Tom was pronounced dead at 2:30.
Tom was pronounced dead on arrival at the hospital.
Tom was pronounced dead on arrival.
Tom was pronounced dead on the scene.
Tom was protecting Mary.
Tom was proud as a rooster.
Tom was proud of Mary.
Tom was proud of himself.
Tom was proud of his children.
Tom was proud of his kids.
Tom was proud of you.
Tom was proud to be a soldier.
Tom was proud.
Tom was proven right.
Tom was proven to be a liar.
Tom was prudent.
Tom was psyched that he'd get to sit next to Mary all school year.
Tom was psyched.
Tom was pulled into the van.
Tom was pulled over and charged with speeding and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Tom was pulled over by a policeman who gave him a speeding ticket.
Tom was pulled over by a policeman who gave him a ticket for speeding.
Tom was pulled over by cops.
Tom was pulled over by the cops.
Tom was pulled over by the police because one of his tail lights was out.
Tom was pulled over by the police.
Tom was pulled over for failing to go the minimum speed.
Tom was pulled over for speeding, but the police officer let him off with a warning.
Tom was pulled over the second he crossed state lines.
Tom was pulled over.
Tom was punching a punching bag.
Tom was punctual, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was punctual.
Tom was punished because he didn't tell the truth.
Tom was punished by his father.
Tom was punished for a crime he didn't commit.
Tom was punished for a crime that he didn't commit.
Tom was punished for daring to break the unwritten law.
Tom was punished for doing that.
Tom was punished for his crimes.
Tom was punished for lying.
Tom was punished for not telling the truth.
Tom was punished for smoking.
Tom was punished for speaking Welsh in school.
Tom was punished for what he did.
Tom was punished, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was punished.
Tom was pursued by mercenaries through the woods.
Tom was pushed against the wall by his attacker.
Tom was pushed from behind, causing him to fall over.
Tom was pushing his luck.
Tom was pushing me.
Tom was pushy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was pushy.
Tom was put in a cell.
Tom was put in a nursing home.
Tom was put in an ambulance and driven to the hospital.
Tom was put in charge of his dad's business three years out of college.
Tom was put in jail.
Tom was put in prison.
Tom was put into a chokehold that he couldn't escape, so he tapped out.
Tom was put on a stretcher.
Tom was put on a team in charge of a tactical nuke.
Tom was put on an IV.
Tom was put on house arrest.
Tom was put on life support.
Tom was put on the spot.
Tom was put to death finally.
Tom was put to death.
Tom was put under house arrest.
Tom was put up for adoption.
Tom was putting stuff in a box.
Tom was puzzled by Mary's statement.
Tom was puzzled by the question.
Tom was puzzled by what Mary said.
Tom was puzzled, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was puzzled.
Tom was qualified for the job, but he didn't get it.
Tom was quarantined last month.
Tom was quarantined.
Tom was questioned by the FBI.
Tom was questioned by the cops.
Tom was questioned by the police about what had happened.
Tom was questioned by the police.
Tom was questioned.
Tom was quibbling about the sentences concerning him, while Mary was doing her best to translate them.
Tom was quick to catch on.
Tom was quick to volunteer.
Tom was quick, but Mary was quicker.
Tom was quick.
Tom was quicker at doing that than Mary was.
Tom was quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom was quicker than I was.
Tom was quicker than Mary.
Tom was quickly recaptured.
Tom was quiet all day.
Tom was quiet for a moment.
Tom was quiet for a while.
Tom was quiet in class.
Tom was quiet while Mary fell.
Tom was quiet, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was quiet, polite and respectful.
Tom was quiet.
Tom was quite a ballplayer.
Tom was quite a guy.
Tom was quite a ladies' man when he was younger.
Tom was quite agitated.
Tom was quite busy.
Tom was quite cold.
Tom was quite concerned about what was happening.
Tom was quite concerned.
Tom was quite confused.
Tom was quite courageous.
Tom was quite diplomatic.
Tom was quite drunk.
Tom was quite fat until he was about thirteen years old.
Tom was quite fat until he was about thirteen.
Tom was quite frank about it.
Tom was quite frustrated.
Tom was quite generous.
Tom was quite good-looking when he was young.
Tom was quite handsome when he was young.
Tom was quite happy.
Tom was quite helpful.
Tom was quite impressed by Mary.
Tom was quite impressed.
Tom was quite inexperienced with girls before he met Mary.
Tom was quite insistent.
Tom was quite loud.
Tom was quite motivated.
Tom was quite nervous before going on stage.
Tom was quite nervous.
Tom was quite noisy.
Tom was quite obnoxious.
Tom was quite pleased with himself.
Tom was quite rude to Mary.
Tom was quite successful.
Tom was quite sure of it.
Tom was quite surprised.
Tom was quite talkative last night.
Tom was quite talkative.
Tom was quite tired.
Tom was quite unhappy.
Tom was quite upset.
Tom was quite young at the time.
Tom was racked with pain.
Tom was racked with self-doubt.
Tom was raised Catholic.
Tom was raised around guns.
Tom was raised by foster parents.
Tom was raised by his grandfather.
Tom was raised by his grandmother.
Tom was raised by his grandparents in Boston.
Tom was raised by his grandparents.
Tom was raised by his older sister after their parents died in an accident.
Tom was raised by his uncle.
Tom was raised by wolves.
Tom was raised here.
Tom was raised in Australia by a Canadian woman.
Tom was raised in Australia.
Tom was raised in Boston.
Tom was raised in a Catholic home.
Tom was raised in a conservative family.
Tom was raised in a happy family.
Tom was raised in a small village.
Tom was raised in an orphanage.
Tom was raised in the wilderness by a clan of orcs.
Tom was raised near Boston.
Tom was raised on a farm.
Tom was raised up in the wilderness by animals: a zebra-wolf family, a koala and a dingo.
Tom was raped by his father.
Tom was rather cross last night.
Tom was rather impressed.
Tom was re-elected mayor.
Tom was re-elected.
Tom was reaching for his gun when Mary shot him.
Tom was read his rights.
Tom was reading a book all yesterday afternoon.
Tom was reading a book on his e-reader.
Tom was reading a book the last time I saw him.
Tom was reading a book under the tree.
Tom was reading a book while listening to music.
Tom was reading a book.
Tom was reading a brick-thick book.
Tom was reading a comic book.
Tom was reading a gardening manual.
Tom was reading a letter when I walked into the room.
Tom was reading a letter written in French.
Tom was reading a newspaper and Mary was reading a magazine.
Tom was reading a newspaper in his pajamas.
Tom was reading a newspaper in the lobby when I last saw him.
Tom was reading a novel.
Tom was reading about Australia.
Tom was reading an old manuscript.
Tom was reading in the library.
Tom was reading jokes and laughing loudly.
Tom was reading the newspaper in his pajamas.
Tom was reading the newspaper when Mary walked in.
Tom was reading the newspaper.
Tom was reading the sports page when Mary came into the living room.
Tom was reading your paper last night, but I don't know if he finished it.
Tom was reading, and Mary was painting.
Tom was reading, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was reading.
Tom was ready do it all alone.
Tom was ready for a break.
Tom was ready for anything.
Tom was ready for bed.
Tom was ready for it.
Tom was ready for more.
Tom was ready for what happened.
Tom was ready for what was about to happen.
Tom was ready for what was going to happen.
Tom was ready to act.
Tom was ready to cry.
Tom was ready to die.
Tom was ready to do it.
Tom was ready to do that.
Tom was ready to face his fate.
Tom was ready to fight.
Tom was ready to give up.
Tom was ready to go as soon as I got there.
Tom was ready to go when I arrived.
Tom was ready to go when I got there.
Tom was ready to go.
Tom was ready to jump ship.
Tom was ready to jump.
Tom was ready to kill Mary.
Tom was ready to leave when I got there.
Tom was ready to leave, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was ready to leave.
Tom was ready to quit.
Tom was ready to run.
Tom was ready to say something as soon as the door opened.
Tom was ready to sing.
Tom was ready to work.
Tom was ready with an answer.
Tom was ready, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was ready.
Tom was real busy.
Tom was real competitive.
Tom was real happy.
Tom was real hungry.
Tom was real nervous.
Tom was real nice to me.
Tom was real scared.
Tom was realistic about it.
Tom was really a wonderful man.
Tom was really angry when I left.
Tom was really angry with me, wasn't he?
Tom was really angry.
Tom was really annoyed.
Tom was really annoying.
Tom was really asleep.
Tom was really blue.
Tom was really bored.
Tom was really boring.
Tom was really brave.
Tom was really burned out.
Tom was really busy.
Tom was really careful not to leave any fingerprints.
Tom was really careful not to spill the coffee.
Tom was really careful.
Tom was really clear about that.
Tom was really cold.
Tom was really confused.
Tom was really crazy.
Tom was really decisive.
Tom was really deserving.
Tom was really different.
Tom was really disappointed.
Tom was really disrespectful.
Tom was really drunk last night.
Tom was really drunk last night. He probably didn't even know what he was saying.
Tom was really drunk.
Tom was really embarrassed.
Tom was really enjoying himself.
Tom was really excited about that.
Tom was really excited.
Tom was really fast.
Tom was really frantic.
Tom was really freaked out by that.
Tom was really freaked out.
Tom was really friendly.
Tom was really frustrated.
Tom was really funny.
Tom was really generous.
Tom was really glad to hear that Mary had passed her exams.
Tom was really glad to hear that Mary hadn't been injured in the accident.
Tom was really glad to hear that Mary hadn’t been injured in the accident.
Tom was really glad to hear that Mary wanted to come to his party.
Tom was really glad to hear that Mary was going to help him move.
Tom was really glad to see that Mary was happy.
Tom was really good at that.
Tom was really good friends with Mary.
Tom was really good to me.
Tom was really good.
Tom was really gracious.
Tom was really grateful for Mary's help.
Tom was really great.
Tom was really grumpy this morning.
Tom was really grumpy.
Tom was really gullible.
Tom was really handsome when he was a teenager.
Tom was really happy.
Tom was really hilarious.
Tom was really hungry.
Tom was really hurt by what you said.
Tom was really hurt.
Tom was really impressed.
Tom was really inspiring.
Tom was really interested.
Tom was really into it.
Tom was really into that.
Tom was really irritated.
Tom was really jealous.
Tom was really jittery.
Tom was really kind to me.
Tom was really laid back.
Tom was really lonely.
Tom was really loud.
Tom was really lucky to walk away from that accident.
Tom was really lucky tonight.
Tom was really lucky.
Tom was really mad.
Tom was really mean to Mary.
Tom was really mean to me.
Tom was really mean.
Tom was really nervous.
Tom was really nice on the phone.
Tom was really nice to me.
Tom was really nice.
Tom was really polite on the phone.
Tom was really polite.
Tom was really popular.
Tom was really puzzled.
Tom was really quiet.
Tom was really quite convincing.
Tom was really rude to the waitress.
Tom was really rude.
Tom was really sad.
Tom was really scared about it.
Tom was really scared about what might happen.
Tom was really scared.
Tom was really shaken.
Tom was really shocked.
Tom was really shy and nervous.
Tom was really shy when he was a child.
Tom was really sick.
Tom was really skinny when I first met him.
Tom was really sloppy.
Tom was really slow.
Tom was really sorry.
Tom was really strong.
Tom was really superstitious and didn't want to do that on Friday the 13th.
Tom was really superstitious and didn't want to do that on Friday the thirteenth.
Tom was really supposed to do that by himself.
Tom was really supposed to do that yesterday.
Tom was really surprised when Mary told him not to do that.
Tom was really surprised when Mary told him she didn't like him.
Tom was really surprised when Mary told him that she didn't like him.
Tom was really surprised when Mary told him to do that.
Tom was really surprised when Mary told him to leave.
Tom was really surprised when that happened.
Tom was really surprised.
Tom was really sweet.
Tom was really talkative last night.
Tom was really tired when he got home.
Tom was really tired.
Tom was really tired. He turned off the light at nine and was fast asleep within minutes.
Tom was really tough.
Tom was really troubled by what he saw.
Tom was really trying to help.
Tom was really unlucky.
Tom was really upset.
Tom was really wonderful.
Tom was really worried.
Tom was really young then.
Tom was reasonable, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was reasonable.
Tom was reasonably certain that Mary had stolen his grandfather's gold watch.
Tom was reasonably certain that Mary had stolen his grandfather’s gold watch.
Tom was reasonably successful.
Tom was reassigned to another job.
Tom was rebellious.
Tom was reckless, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was reckless.
Tom was recognized.
Tom was recommended by Mary.
Tom was recommended to me.
Tom was recommended to us.
Tom was recommended.
Tom was reconciled to his situation and tried to make the best of it.
Tom was recruited by the CIA.
Tom was refused bail.
Tom was regarded as a hero.
Tom was rehearsing alone on stage.
Tom was rehearsing his speech.
Tom was reincarnated as a squirrel.
Tom was rejected.
Tom was relaxed.
Tom was relaxing, drinking a glass of wine.
Tom was released for good behavior.
Tom was released for lack of evidence.
Tom was released from jail early this morning.
Tom was released from prison in 2003.
Tom was released from prison in 2013.
Tom was released from prison in October.
Tom was released from prison last October.
Tom was released from prison last month.
Tom was released from prison last week.
Tom was released from prison on Monday.
Tom was released from prison on October 20.
Tom was released from prison on October 20th.
Tom was released from prison on October twentieth.
Tom was released from prison three months ago.
Tom was released from prison three weeks before Mary was murdered.
Tom was released from prison yesterday.
Tom was released from the hospital last month.
Tom was released from the prison last week.
Tom was released immediately.
Tom was released in 2013.
Tom was released on bail.
Tom was released.
Tom was relieved of command.
Tom was relieved of his debt.
Tom was relieved that the jury in Mary's trial brought in a verdict of acquittal on all charges.
Tom was relieved to hear that Mary had arrived home safely.
Tom was relieved to hear that Mary was safe.
Tom was relieved to hear that.
Tom was relieved to see Mary was OK.
Tom was relieved to see Mary.
Tom was relieved to see a familiar face.
Tom was relieved to see that Mary was OK.
Tom was relieved.
Tom was reloading his gun.
Tom was reluctant at first.
Tom was reluctant to admit his mistake.
Tom was reluctant to admit it.
Tom was reluctant to admit that he was wrong.
Tom was reluctant to answer.
Tom was reluctant to ask for help.
Tom was reluctant to do that at first.
Tom was reluctant to do that by himself.
Tom was reluctant to do that, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was reluctant to do that.
Tom was reluctant to go by himself.
Tom was reluctant to go there.
Tom was reluctant to go.
Tom was reluctant to leave.
Tom was reluctant to press charges.
Tom was reluctant to say anything.
Tom was reluctant to see a doctor.
Tom was reluctant to talk about it.
Tom was reluctant to tell his parents that he was being bullied at school.
Tom was reluctant, but he agreed.
Tom was reluctant, but he finally agreed to do that.
Tom was remarkable.
Tom was remarkably shy.
Tom was remorseful.
Tom was removed from the senate.
Tom was renting a house in Boston at that time.
Tom was replaced by Mary.
Tom was replaced with a more efficient worker.
Tom was reported missing Monday.
Tom was reported missing three months ago.
Tom was reported missing three weeks ago.
Tom was reprimanded again.
Tom was reprimanded by his coach.
Tom was reprimanded by his teacher.
Tom was reprimanded by the principal.
Tom was reprimanded for being rude to Mary.
Tom was reprimanded for his behavior.
Tom was reprimanded for interfering.
Tom was reprimanded.
Tom was rescued after being trapped six days in the mountains.
Tom was rescued by Mary.
Tom was rescued by a Good Samaritan.
Tom was rescued by a fireman.
Tom was rescued by a lifeguard.
Tom was rescued by a passer-by.
Tom was rescued by a passerby.
Tom was rescued by firefighters.
Tom was rescued by the lifeguard.
Tom was rescued by the police.
Tom was rescued by the search party.
Tom was rescued in the nick of time.
Tom was rescued.
Tom was reserved, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was respected by everyone in the village.
Tom was respectful, but Mary wasn't.
Tom was respectful.
Tom was responsible for Mary's death.
Tom was responsible for everything that happened.
Tom was responsible for it.
Tom was responsible for more than one significant scientific breakthrough.
Tom was responsible for that.
Tom was responsible for this.
Tom was responsible for what happened.
Tom was responsible.
Tom was resting beneath the tree.
Tom was resting.
Tom was restless because he didn't have anything to do.
Tom was restless.
Tom was reunited with his father.
Tom was revered as a prophet.
Tom was revived using a defibrillator.
Tom was revived with a defibrillator.
Tom was revived with the use of a defibrillator.
Tom was rewarded for what he had done.
Tom was rich back then.
Tom was rich.
Tom was ridiculously good-looking.
Tom was riding a stolen motorcycle when the police stopped him.
Tom was riding his bike.
Tom was riding in the back seat.
Tom was riding on his father's shoulders.
Tom was riding shotgun.
Tom was right about Boston.
Tom was right about Mary.
Tom was right about one thing, but I forget what it was.
Tom was right about one thing.
Tom was right about that, too.
Tom was right about that.
Tom was right about this.
Tom was right about you.
Tom was right after all.
Tom was right all along.
Tom was right and I was wrong.
Tom was right and Mary was wrong.
Tom was right at home.
Tom was right behind Mary.
Tom was right behind me.
Tom was right by my side.
Tom was right from the beginning.
Tom was right here with me.
Tom was right here.
