I was there for two days.
I was there last night.
I was there last year.
I was there less than a month ago.
I was there on Monday.
I was there on time, but I didn't see you!
I was there on time, but I didn’t see you!
I was there once before.
I was there once with my sister.
I was there once.
I was there only for a few hours.
I was there recently.
I was there that day because I needed to see Tom.
I was there that day.
I was there that night.
I was there the day before yesterday.
I was there the other day.
I was there the year before last.
I was there the year of the big earthquake.
I was there this morning.
I was there three days.
I was there to learn Berber.
I was there two years ago.
I was there until 2.30.
I was there until 2:30.
I was there until half past two.
I was there until half two.
I was there visiting Tom.
I was there when Jaume's grandmother died.
I was there when Tom died.
I was there when it happened.
I was there with Tom.
I was there with her.
I was there with him.
I was there with them.
I was there yesterday, so I won't go there today.
I was there yesterday.
I was there, at that moment.
I was there, too.
I was there.
I was thinking I'd get a scholarship somewhere.
I was thinking I'd like to buy you a pair of earrings.
I was thinking about Australia.
I was thinking about Boston.
I was thinking about Tom earlier today.
I was thinking about Tom.
I was thinking about asking her out.
I was thinking about blue-skinned men, the Andorians.
I was thinking about buying a new camera.
I was thinking about doing that.
I was thinking about getting a divorce.
I was thinking about getting a dog.
I was thinking about getting married.
I was thinking about going there with Tom.
I was thinking about going to Australia next month.
I was thinking about going to Boston next month.
I was thinking about going to a movie. Do you want to go with me?
I was thinking about going to that new place on Park Street.
I was thinking about her.
I was thinking about him.
I was thinking about it a few weeks ago.
I was thinking about it.
I was thinking about joining the army.
I was thinking about moving to Australia when I retire.
I was thinking about other things.
I was thinking about our camping trip.
I was thinking about our first day in Australia.
I was thinking about our first day in Boston.
I was thinking about our future.
I was thinking about something Tom said yesterday.
I was thinking about something else.
I was thinking about taking my lunch break.
I was thinking about that, too.
I was thinking about the good old days.
I was thinking about the party.
I was thinking about the plan.
I was thinking about the planes.
I was thinking about them.
I was thinking about what I said earlier.
I was thinking about what Tom said.
I was thinking about what happened.
I was thinking about what she had said to me.
I was thinking about what was going to happen.
I was thinking about what you said earlier.
I was thinking about what you said.
I was thinking about writing a blog.
I was thinking about you a lot today.
I was thinking about you earlier today.
I was thinking about you.
I was thinking and thinking until my head hurt.
I was thinking exactly the same thing.
I was thinking how nice it was to have him in my bed.
I was thinking maybe I could help you.
I was thinking maybe I should go to Australia next summer.
I was thinking maybe I should go to Boston next summer.
I was thinking maybe I should study French.
I was thinking of Tom.
I was thinking of adding that the other day.
I was thinking of buying a home in this area.
I was thinking of buying a new car.
I was thinking of getting a dog.
I was thinking of getting one.
I was thinking of getting the same kind of running shoes you have.
I was thinking of going out and buying a whole new wardrobe.
I was thinking of going to visit Tom.
I was thinking of her.
I was thinking of him.
I was thinking of inviting Tom to dinner.
I was thinking of leaving.
I was thinking of making a potato salad.
I was thinking of making potato salad.
I was thinking of making some potato salad.
I was thinking of ordering a pizza.
I was thinking of ordering pizza.
I was thinking of participating.
I was thinking of renting something in town.
I was thinking of the same thing.
I was thinking of them.
I was thinking of tomorrow.
I was thinking of you actually!
I was thinking of you, Tom.
I was thinking of you.
I was thinking that I might do that.
I was thinking that I would go there by bicycle, but it began to rain.
I was thinking that I'd go there by bicycle, but it began to rain.
I was thinking that Tom could be a vegetarian. He had a cabbage roll.
I was thinking that as well.
I was thinking the exact same thing.
I was thinking the same thing.
I was thinking the whole time that I'd love to try having a chat with Mary.
I was thinking to go there by bike, but it began to rain.
I was thinking we might want to help Tom financially.
I was thinking what to do.
I was thinking you might like to go camping with us this weekend.
I was thinking, would you like to get married?
I was thinking.
I was third in line.
I was third.
I was thirsty and wanted something cold to drink.
I was thirsty and wanted something to drink.
I was thirsty and wanted to drink something cold.
I was thirsty but there was no water.
I was thirsty, and he brought me some drink.
I was thirsty, but there was no water left.
I was thirsty, but there was nothing to drink.
I was thirsty, but there wasn't any water left.
I was thirsty, but there wasn't anything to drink.
I was thirsty.
I was thirteen or fourteen at the time.
I was thirteen when I wrote that.
I was thirteen when it happened.
I was thirteen years old at that time.
I was thirteen years old then.
I was thirty at that time.
I was thirty minutes late this morning.
I was thirty-six seconds ahead of you.
I was this close to giving up.
I was this close.
I was thoroughly confused.
I was thoroughly enjoying myself.
I was threatened by Tom.
I was threatened.
I was three hours late.
I was three hours too late.
I was three meters behind Tom.
I was three months pregnant at that time.
I was three points ahead of Tom.
I was three years old at that time.
I was three years old when Windows XP was released.
I was three years old when my mother died.
I was three. I woke up lying on my living room floor, struggling to remember who and where I was. Once my mom came into the room I remembered. It was dinner time, and I hated that my favourite green beans were being cooked.
I was thrilled.
I was through doing that by the time Tom offered to help me.
I was through the war.
I was throwing up.
I was thrown off guard.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
I was thrown out of school.
I was thrown out of the classroom by the teacher.
I was thrown out of the house bag and baggage.
I was thrown out of the house with everything I owned.
I was thunderstruck by my friend's words.
I was tickled by her breath against my hair.
I was tied up at the time.
I was tied up until very late getting some things in order.
I was tiny.
I was tipped off by Tom.
I was tired after doing that.
I was tired and I slept.
I was tired and cold.
I was tired and had nothing else to do.
I was tired and hungry, and so was everyone else.
I was tired and so was Tom.
I was tired and so was everybody else.
I was tired and so was everyone else.
I was tired and, what is worse, I was sleepy.
I was tired because of my work.
I was tired but not sleepy.
I was tired from doing my homework.
I was tired from studying.
I was tired from the work.
I was tired from watching TV.
I was tired last night, so I went to bed early.
I was tired last night.
I was tired of being treated that way.
I was tired of his long talk.
I was tired of looking at it.
I was tired of the work.
I was tired of waiting.
I was tired of watching TV.
I was tired so I went straight to bed.
I was tired so I went to bed.
I was tired then.
I was tired to death.
I was tired today so I went to bed early.
I was tired today, so I went to bed early.
I was tired today.
I was tired with the work.
I was tired yesterday when I got home from work, so I went to bed early.
I was tired yesterday, so I fell asleep right away.
I was tired yesterday, so I went to bed right away.
I was tired, because I had to work at the weekend.
I was tired, but I couldn't sleep.
I was tired, but I couldn’t sleep.
I was tired, but I still went for a run.
I was tired, but I wasn't sleepy.
I was tired, but Tom wasn't.
I was tired, but continued working.
I was tired, but not sleepy.
I was tired, so I didn't do that.
I was tired, so I didn't go.
I was tired, so I didn’t go.
I was tired, so I stepped back.
I was tired, so I went home.
I was tired, so I went straight to bed.
I was tired, so I went to bed early.
I was tired, so I went to bed.
I was tired, that's why I didn't want to do anything.
I was tired, too tired to do anything.
I was tired.
I was to Europe before the war.
I was to blame.
I was to go to school.
I was to have finished the work yesterday.
I was today years old when I learned there are no kangaroos in Austria.
I was told I could find Tom here.
I was told I could reach Tom at this number.
I was told I couldn't do that.
I was told I didn't need to do that.
I was told I need your permission to do that.
I was told I shouldn't do that here.
I was told I shouldn't do that.
I was told I would feel better after this medicine.
I was told Tom and Mary were dead.
I was told Tom did that.
I was told Tom had moved to Australia.
I was told Tom has moved to Australia.
I was told Tom has moved to Boston.
I was told Tom is still in Australia.
I was told Tom now lives in Australia.
I was told Tom ran away.
I was told Tom wanted to see me.
I was told Tom was dead.
I was told Tom will be fired.
I was told Tom would be difficult to talk to.
I was told Tom would be here.
I was told an anecdote about Cornell when I first came here.
I was told by Israeli troops to travel on this road, not that one.
I was told by Tom that my tweets sound like those of a college freshman.
I was told by my teacher to hand my homework by Friday.
I was told he went to the store.
I was told it's dangerous to swim here.
I was told my tear duct was blocked.
I was told never to do that again.
I was told never to do that.
I was told never to tell a Frenchman how to speak his own language.
I was told not do that.
I was told not go out, which advice I followed.
I was told not to come back without her.
I was told not to come here.
I was told not to disturb Tom.
I was told not to do that again.
I was told not to do that anymore.
I was told not to do that by myself.
I was told not to do that here.
I was told not to do that.
I was told not to eat in the workplace.
I was told not to go there yet.
I was told not to park here any more.
I was told not to park here anymore.
I was told not to park my car here anymore.
I was told not to repair it by myself.
I was told not to sit in that chair.
I was told not to trust you.
I was told right at the beginning that running a solar cooker company and making it feasible and financially stable was impossible.
I was told she went to the store.
I was told that I could get in without a ticket.
I was told that I couldn't do that here.
I was told that I didn't need to do that.
I was told that I don't have to be there.
I was told that I don't have to do that.
I was told that I don't have to pay anything.
I was told that I don't have to pay.
I was told that I don't need to do that.
I was told that I need to lose weight.
I was told that I need your permission to do that.
I was told that I needed to get enough sleep.
I was told that I should see a doctor.
I was told that I should sleep at least seven hours a day.
I was told that I should stay away from Tom.
I was told that I shouldn't believe everything Tom says.
I was told that I shouldn't do that here.
I was told that I wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I was told that I wouldn't be permitted to do that.
I was told that Svetlana would have been a great wife for Tom except that she doesn't speak English.
I was told that Svetlana, who would have been a great wife for Tom, doesn't speak English.
I was told that Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
I was told that Tom and Mary don't need to do that.
I was told that Tom and Mary have moved to Boston.
I was told that Tom and Mary weren't to be disturbed.
I was told that Tom can't speak French.
I was told that Tom didn't have to do that.
I was told that Tom didn't need to do that.
I was told that Tom didn't want to do that.
I was told that Tom doesn't have to do that.
I was told that Tom doesn't need to do that.
I was told that Tom had moved to Australia.
I was told that Tom has moved to Australia.
I was told that Tom has moved to Boston.
I was told that Tom hated you.
I was told that Tom is still in Australia.
I was told that Tom is still in Boston.
I was told that Tom now lives in Australia.
I was told that Tom now lives in Boston.
I was told that Tom wanted to see me.
I was told that Tom was the one who did that.
I was told that Tom wasn't to be disturbed.
I was told that Tom went abroad.
I was told that Tom will be fired.
I was told that by a neighbour.
I was told that isn't a good idea.
I was told that it's dangerous to swim here.
I was told that she had gone to the store.
I was told that she went to the store.
I was told that that isn't a good idea.
I was told that that's not a good idea.
I was told that the Freemasons have a secret handshake.
I was told that there'd be somebody to meet me at the airport, but there wasn't.
I was told that there'd be someone to meet me at the airport, but there wasn't.
I was told that we couldn't swim here.
I was told that we don't count as citizens anymore.
I was told that we don't have to do that today.
I was told that we don't have to do that.
I was told that we don't need to do that today.
I was told that we don't need to do that.
I was told that we have to bring our own water.
I was told that we have until 2:30.
I was told that we need to be there by 2:30.
I was told that you could teach me how to sharpen a knife.
I was told that you found the corpses.
I was told that you knew how to do this.
I was told that you know Tom's telephone number.
I was told that you might be able to help me.
I was told that you might be willing to play a couple of songs for us.
I was told that you saw the accident.
I was told that you witnessed the murder.
I was told that's not a good idea.
I was told that. E-mail, in particular.
I was told the future would have flying cars.
I was told the news by Hashimoto.
I was told there is a difference between temper and temperament. How can one explain this difference?
I was told there would be flying cars in the future.
I was told there would be free food.
I was told these boys would be nice, but they were quite mean.
I was told to be here by 2:30.
I was told to be here on the 13th.
I was told to be quiet.
I was told to be ready to speak at a moment's notice.
I was told to be ready to speak at a moment’s notice.
I was told to be very careful.
I was told to come alone.
I was told to come here today.
I was told to come in.
I was told to contact you.
I was told to do that again.
I was told to do that by myself.
I was told to do that.
I was told to do this.
I was told to get enough sleep.
I was told to go home and wait.
I was told to go home.
I was told to go not by boat but by plane, which advice I followed.
I was told to help.
I was told to inform you that your father was killed in an accident.
I was told to learn this poem by heart by the end of this week.
I was told to leave this alone.
I was told to loosen up.
I was told to report to you.
I was told to stay away from Tom.
I was told to stay away from you.
I was told to stay in bed.
I was told to stay in my room.
I was told to stay on the ship.
I was told to wait for a while.
I was told to wait here.
I was told to wait.
I was told we weren't allowed to swim here.
I was told you asked for me, is that it?
I was told you got hurt.
I was told you had some news about them.
I was told you knew how to do this.
I was told you wanted to see me.
I was told you were an expert.
I was told you were reliable.
I was told you were the one who came up with the idea.
I was told you were the one who helped Tom build his house.
I was told you were the one who started this company.
I was told you weren't very helpful.
I was told you would be alone.
I was told you wouldn't be at the meeting.
I was told you'd be willing to help.
I was too afraid to do anything.
I was too afraid to say anything.
I was too afraid.
I was too ambitious.
I was too ashamed to say anything.
I was too astonished to speak.
I was too busy helping Tom to help Mary.
I was too busy last week to study.
I was too busy last week.
I was too busy taking care of my own children.
I was too busy to do that.
I was too busy to eat lunch.
I was too busy to help.
I was too busy to write you.
I was too drink to drive.
I was too drunk to do that.
I was too drunk to drive.
I was too drunk.
I was too embarrassed to even look at her face.
I was too embarrassed to look her in the eye.
I was too embarrassed to tell you.
I was too excited to look her in the eyes.
I was too excited to say a word.
I was too excited to sleep.
I was too exhausted to think, let alone study.
I was too fast.
I was too glad not to jump up.
I was too gobsmacked to say anything.
I was too gobsmacked to speak.
I was too groggy to speak.
I was too happy to sleep.
I was too hasty in concluding that he was lying.
I was too hungry to speak.
I was too hurt and angry to speak with her.
I was too late.
I was too little.
I was too nervous to eat.
I was too nervous to even try doing that.
I was too petrified to move.
I was too possessive with her.
I was too proud to admit it.
I was too scared to ask.
I was too scared to become a lawyer.
I was too scared to do anything about that.
I was too scared to do anything.
I was too scared to go out in the dark.
I was too scared to look.
I was too scared to sleep.
I was too scared to tell Tom.
I was too short to reach the top shelf, so I asked Tom to get the book for me.
I was too short to see over the wall.
I was too short.
I was too shy to ask Mary out.
I was too shy to do anything.
I was too shy to do that.
I was too shy to look her in the face.
I was too shy to say anything.
I was too shy to talk to Tom.
I was too shy.
I was too sick to go to school yesterday.
I was too sick to stand.
I was too sleepy to watch the evening news and went right to bed.
I was too small.
I was too stressed out.
I was too stunned to respond.
I was too stunned to talk.
I was too surprised to speak.
I was too terrified to raise my head.
I was too tired to care for anything but bed.
I was too tired to continue working.
I was too tired to dance.
I was too tired to do anything.
I was too tired to do that.
I was too tired to drive.
I was too tired to eat anything.
I was too tired to go on working.
I was too tired to go on.
I was too tired to keep working.
I was too tired to speak.
I was too tired to stand.
I was too tired to walk any farther.
I was too tired to walk any further.
I was too tired to walk any more.
I was too tired to walk to the tide pools.
I was too tired to walk.
I was too weak to do that.
I was too weak to get out of bed.
I was too weak to work.
I was too young to drink at that time.
I was too young to drive at that time.
I was too young to know what was going on.
I was too young to vote at that time.
I was tormented by Tom.
I was tormented by thirst.
I was tortured by thirst.
I was tortured.
I was torturing the prisoners.
I was tossing and turning all the night.
I was tossing more sticks into the campfire.
I was totally bummed.
I was totally confused.
I was totally devastated by his loss.
I was totally disappointed.
I was totally dumbfounded.
I was totally exhausted after that.
I was totally exhausted after the hike.
I was totally in love with Tom.
I was totally in love with her.
I was totally in love with him.
I was totally into you.
I was totally isolated.
I was totally motivated.
I was totally oblivious to the whole thing.
I was totally on my own.
I was totally puzzled.
I was totally right.
I was totally serious.
I was totally shocked.
I was totally unprepared for this.
I was totally wasted.
I was totally wrong.
I was touched by her kindness.
I was touched by this movie.
I was touched by your kindness.
I was touched.
I was tough.
I was trained as an engineer.
I was transferred to the middle of nowhere.
I was transfixed by the soccer game.
I was transfixed.
I was translating.
I was trapped in a closet.
I was trapped in a vicious circle.
I was trapped.
I was traveling Kabylie.
I was traveling alone.
I was traveling in Australia.
I was traveling in Japan.
I was traveling on business.
I was traveling to my beach house in Beni Ksila, Kabylie, Algeria.
I was traveling with some friends.
I was travelling alone.
I was travelling.
I was treated badly as a child.
I was treated like a child by them.
I was treated like a child.
I was treated unfairly.
I was treated with respect.
I was treated worse than a dog.
I was trembling with fear.
I was trespassing.
I was tricked by Tom.
I was tricked into doing it.
I was tricked into doing that.
I was tricked.
I was tried in a kangaroo court.
I was tried.
I was truly astonished.
I was truly impressed with that speech.
I was truly impressed.
I was truly perplexed.
I was truly tired.
I was trusting my friend.
I was truthful.
I was trying all day to fix the cellphone and in the end I'd been roasting snow in a furnace.
I was trying my best.
I was trying not to laugh.
I was trying not to look at Tom.
I was trying not to look.
I was trying to adjust myself to fit her needs.
I was trying to be active.
I was trying to be careful.
I was trying to be funny.
I was trying to be nice.
I was trying to be nonconfrontational.
I was trying to be polite.
I was trying to be quiet.
I was trying to be supportive.
I was trying to be truthful.
I was trying to calm Tom down.
I was trying to concentrate on his words.
I was trying to cover up my wrinkles.
I was trying to deny everything that ever happened.
I was trying to distract her.
I was trying to do a lot.
I was trying to do something good buying a new cloak! I went up to buy one but I wasn't able to bring even a sack when I went back. On top of that, I also brought with me a naked person. Matrena really won't be happy with this.
I was trying to do something special for Tom.
I was trying to do something, but what?
I was trying to do the right thing.
I was trying to fall asleep.
I was trying to figure out why that happened.
I was trying to figure that out.
I was trying to find Tom.
I was trying to find a way in.
I was trying to find a way to kill time.
I was trying to find her.
I was trying to find him.
I was trying to find that house.
I was trying to find the car.
I was trying to find them.
I was trying to fish.
I was trying to follow her, but she gave me the slip.
I was trying to forget everything.
I was trying to get Tom to help us.
I was trying to get away from Tom.
I was trying to get in touch with Tom.
I was trying to get it right.
I was trying to get some help.
I was trying to help Tom.
I was trying to help her.
I was trying to help him.
I was trying to help them.
I was trying to help you.
I was trying to help.
I was trying to hide my wrinkles.
I was trying to hold on.
I was trying to impress Tom.
I was trying to impress her.
I was trying to impress him.
I was trying to impress them.
I was trying to kill them.
I was trying to kill time.
I was trying to learn Berber.
I was trying to look out for Tom.
I was trying to look through the fabric.
I was trying to lose weight.
I was trying to make Tom laugh.
I was trying to make amends.
I was trying to make sense of what had happened.
I was trying to make you laugh.
I was trying to memorize everything I saw.
I was trying to open the chest.
I was trying to open the closet.
I was trying to open the door.
I was trying to play.
I was trying to protect Tom.
I was trying to protect her.
I was trying to protect him.
I was trying to protect them.
I was trying to protect you.
I was trying to prove something.
I was trying to reach you.
I was trying to remember something, but I couldn't.
I was trying to remember the name of the book.
I was trying to rescue Tom.
I was trying to rescue her.
I was trying to rescue him.
I was trying to rescue them.
I was trying to save as much money as possible.
I was trying to say something when you so rudely interrupted.
I was trying to seduce someone else's man.
I was trying to sell my car.
I was trying to show off.
I was trying to take it easy.
I was trying to talk to you.
I was trying to teach Tom how to play that song yesterday.
I was trying to tell Tom that.
I was trying to tell Tom.
I was trying to tell her that.
I was trying to tell him that, but he wouldn't listen to me.
I was trying to tell him that.
I was trying to tell him what had really happened, but he cut me short.
I was trying to tell them that.
I was trying to think of something nice to say.
I was tying my shoelaces.
I was ugly.
I was unable to attend the party, nor did I want to.
I was unable to best Tom.
I was unable to breathe because of the smoke.
I was unable to come up with a response.
I was unable to complete high school, so I instead got a General Equivalency Diploma.
I was unable to complete the task.
I was unable to conceal my lack of enthusiasm.
I was unable to control my tears.
I was unable to control myself any longer.
I was unable to do that by myself.
I was unable to do that.
I was unable to ease my worries that I might have left something in the pan until I finally arrived home.
I was unable to effect any change in his way of thinking.
I was unable to finish my homework in time.
I was unable to finish my homework.
I was unable to fix the leak.
I was unable to go outside.
I was unable to go to his birthday party.
I was unable to hire a car.
I was unable to leave home last Saturday, with my mother being ill.
I was unable to look her in the face.
I was unable to move.
I was unable to pass the exam.
I was unable to prevent this.
I was unable to save Tom.
I was unable to see the car's license plate.
I was unable to sleep, so I made myself some coffee.
I was unable to stand any longer.
I was unable to write down the number of the car.
I was unacceptable.
I was unarmed.
I was unaware of that.
I was unaware of the problem.
I was unaware that Tom and Mary were having problems.
I was unaware that Tom was having problems.
I was unaware that he had suicide thoughts.
I was unblocking the toilet.
I was uncertain of my ability to do it.
I was uncertain whether to advance or to retreat.
I was uncomfortable there.
I was uncomfortable.
I was unconscious for more than thirty hours.
I was unconscious.
I was under a lot of pressure then.
I was under a lot of pressure.
I was under arrest for killing Tom.
I was under her enchanting influence for a long time.
I was under her magic influence for a long time.
I was under pressure.
I was under some apprehension, during my absence from the land, that at least my provisions might be devoured on shore: but when I came back I found no sign of any visitor; only there sat a creature like a wild cat upon one of the chests, which, when I came towards it, ran away a little distance, and then stood still.
I was under the impression that Tom and Mary wanted to adopt a girl.
I was under the impression that we were on the same page.
I was under the impression that what we did didn't make any difference.
I was under the impression that you know what you were doing.
I was under the impression you wouldn't be at the meeting.
I was under the weather.
I was unemployed at that time.
I was unemployed back then.
I was unemployed.
I was unfair to Tom.
I was unfair.
I was unfamiliar with that airport.
I was unhappy for a long time.
I was unhappy.
I was unharmed.
I was unimpressed.
I was unjustly accused.
I was unjustly convicted.
I was unkind to Tom.
I was unlucky.
I was unmarried at that time.
I was unpleasantly surprised to find that Tom was, in fact, a raving lunatic.
I was unprepared for the event.
I was unprepared.
I was unrecognizable.
I was unsure what to expect.
I was unwilling for my wife to accept the invitation.
I was unwilling to agree to the proposal, but it seemed that I had no choice.
I was unwilling to respond to her.
I was unwilling to respond to them.
I was up against the wall.
I was up all last night.
I was up all night brainstorming.
I was up all night doing homework.
I was up all night driving.
I was up all night playing games.
I was up all night playing the video game. I was stuck in level 4.
I was up all night reading a book.
I was up all night reading the captivating book my grandfather gave me.
I was up all night reading.
I was up all night studying.
I was up all night watching videos.
I was up all night working on that.
I was up all night working.
I was up all night writing this report.
I was up all night, too.
I was up all night.
I was up almost all night.
I was up before dawn.
I was up early that Sabbath morning.
I was up early.
I was up first.
I was up for hours last night thinking about Tom.
I was up for hours last night thinking about that problem.
I was up for hours last night thinking about what I should do.
I was up for hours last night thinking about wondering what I should do.
I was up half the night.
I was up in my room.
I was up in the attic.
I was up in the hills.
I was up in the mountains.
I was up in the tower.
I was up late last night.
I was up reading all night.
I was up studying all night.
I was up till midnight.
I was up to my armpits in water, freezing.
I was up until midnight.
I was up.
I was upfront about it.
I was upset about that.
I was upset at the time but I'm okay now.
I was upset by the news of the traffic accident.
I was upset when I ran into him.
I was upset with Skura.
I was upset with Tom.
I was upset.
I was upstairs.
I was used to being out in the rain.
I was used to eating like a pig.
I was used to studying when I was a student.
I was used to the heat.
I was used to this when I lived in Kabylie.
I was used.
I was ushered into the drawing room.
I was ushered to my seat.
I was using Tatoeba when the site became unavailable.
I was using his office for salat.
I was using it.
I was using scissors when I cut my hand.
I was using the photocopier when it broke.
I was using the printer when it ran out of ink.
I was using this table.
I was utterly disappointed by your performance today. You can do much better, and everyone knows that well.
I was utterly dismayed.
I was utterly exhausted.
I was utterly indifferent to you.
I was utterly soaked by the downpour.
I was vaccinated against the flu.
I was vacuuming.
I was very afraid in the airplane.
I was very afraid of losing her.
I was very afraid of losing him.
I was very afraid of losing them.
I was very afraid of losing you guys.
I was very afraid of losing you.
I was very afraid.
I was very alarmed when I saw a stranger in my backyard.
I was very ambitious back then.
I was very ambitious.
I was very amused by what was going on.
I was very amused.
I was very angry at that time.
I was very angry with myself for my lack of courage.
I was very angry.
I was very annoyed with Tom.
I was very annoyed.
I was very anxious.
I was very ashamed of what I had done.
I was very ashamed.
I was very bad.
I was very bored.
I was very busy all last week.
I was very busy cleaning out the garage.
I was very busy last week.
I was very busy this week.
I was very busy today.
I was very busy writing a short story.
I was very busy yesterday and got very tired.
I was very busy yesterday.
I was very busy, so I couldn't do that.
I was very busy.
I was very calm.
I was very careful on the phone.
I was very careful, but I caught a cold.
I was very careful.
I was very careless.
I was very chubby when I was a child.
I was very chubby when I was a kid.
I was very close to Tom.
I was very close to her.
I was very close to him.
I was very close to them.
I was very clumsy.
I was very cold towards her.
I was very cold.
I was very comfortable taking charge.
I was very committed.
I was very concerned for your safety.
I was very concerned in October.
I was very concerned.
I was very confident.
I was very confused by his questions.
I was very confused.
I was very controlling with her.
I was very convinced.
I was very corpulent.
I was very curious about it.
I was very curious.
I was very depressed by it.
I was very depressed.
I was very disappointed at the news.
I was very disappointed that she didn't come.
I was very disappointed to find out Tom had lied to us.
I was very disappointed when I heard the news.
I was very disappointed with Tom's decision.
I was very disappointed.
I was very disconcerted to find that everyone else already knew it.
I was very discreet.
I was very disorientated.
I was very disoriented.
I was very dizzy.
I was very drunk.
I was very early.
I was very embarrassed.
I was very emotional.
I was very encouraged.
I was very envious.
I was very excited at first, but your attitude towards my work has demotivated me.
I was very excited.
I was very exhausted.
I was very exuberant.
I was very fast.
I was very fat.
I was very flattered.
I was very fond of the child.
I was very foolish.
I was very fortunate to have a chance to do that.
I was very fortunate.
I was very frank.
I was very frightened.
I was very frustrated.
I was very glad that she took my side.
I was very glad to get a present from Tom.
I was very glad to get a present from her.
I was very glad to get back.
I was very glad to hear the news.
I was very glad to see Tom.
I was very glad to see her.
I was very glad to see him come back.
I was very glad to see him go back.
I was very glad to see him return.
I was very glad to see him.
I was very glad to see them.
I was very good.
I was very grateful.
I was very groggy.
I was very happy about it.
I was very happy for Tom.
I was very happy in that city.
I was very happy in this city.
I was very happy there.
I was very happy to do that for you.
I was very happy to hear the news.
I was very happy to meet Tom again.
I was very happy to see my old friend.
I was very happy to see you at the offline-party.
I was very happy to start a new adventure.
I was very happy until I knew her.
I was very happy when I heard that news.
I was very happy with that.
I was very happy.
I was very homesick.
I was very humiliated.
I was very hungry and I had nothing to eat. Therefore, I decided to eat Tom's lunch.
I was very hungry by lunchtime.
I was very hungry.
I was very hurt.
I was very idealistic.
I was very ill at ease with those people.
I was very impressed by Tom's good behavior.
I was very impressed by Tom's speech.
I was very impressed by his good behavior.
I was very impressed by his story.
I was very impressed by that.
I was very impressed by the way Tom did that.
I was very impressed with Tom's and Mary's speeches.
I was very impressed with Tom's speech.
I was very impressed with Tom.
I was very impressed.
I was very influenced by that anecdote.
I was very insistent.
I was very inspired.
I was very interested in taking part in building a stronger academic curriculum regarding programming.
I was very interested.
I was very intrigued.
I was very irresponsible.
I was very jealous.
I was very late today.
I was very late.
I was very lonely.
I was very lucky.
I was very mad.
I was very mean to Tom.
I was very motivated to learn French.
I was very moved by her kindness.
I was very moved by her story.
I was very moved by his speech.
I was very moved by his story.
I was very moved by that play.
I was very much affected by that.
I was very much afraid in the airplane.
I was very much annoyed with him.
I was very much in earnest.
I was very much infatuated with that girl.
I was very much shocked to hear his daughter using such bad language.
I was very much surprised at the news.
I was very much surprised by her sudden change of mind.
I was very naughty when I was little.
I was very nervous as the plane took off.
I was very nervous at first.
I was very nervous at that time.
I was very nervous.
I was very offended by what Tom had said.
I was very patient.
I was very pleased that she had come.
I was very pleased with her coming.
I was very pleased with how things turned out.
I was very pleased with the audience's reception of my speech.
I was very pleased with the way things turned out.
I was very pleased.
I was very polite.
I was very poor in those days.
I was very poor.
I was very proud of being able to speak fluent Berber.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
I was very proud of my son.
I was very proud of that.
I was very proud when my son won first prize at the competition.
I was very proud.
I was very puzzled.
I was very quick.
I was very relaxed.
I was very relieved.
I was very reluctant.
I was very rich three years ago.
I was very rich until I met Mary.
I was very rich until I met her.
I was very rude to that teacher.
I was very rude.
I was very sad when I saw his death notice on the newspaper.
I was very sad when Mary died.
I was very sad when Tom died.
I was very sad.
I was very saddened by the news of your bereavement.
I was very satisfied with this.
I was very satisfied.
I was very scared of snakes.
I was very scared.
I was very selfish.
I was very serious.
I was very shocked.
I was very short when I was a child.
I was very short when I was a kid.
I was very shy and inexperienced.
I was very shy in middle school.
I was very shy when I was a child.
I was very shy when I was a kid.
I was very shy.
I was very sick at that time.
I was very sick.
I was very sincere.
I was very skeptical.
I was very sleepy and fell asleep right away.
I was very sleepy when I got home.
I was very sleepy.
I was very sober at the time.
I was very sore.
I was very spoiled.
I was very stupid.
I was very successful.
I was very superstitious.
I was very surprised Tom did that.
I was very surprised Tom wasn't at your party.
I was very surprised at the huge fish.
I was very surprised at the news.
I was very surprised by Tom's and Mary's reactions.
I was very surprised by Tom's reaction.
I was very surprised that Tom and Mary weren't at your party.
I was very surprised that Tom did that.
I was very surprised that Tom wasn't at your party.
I was very surprised that the door was open.
I was very surprised to find him in disguise.
I was very surprised to hear Tom singing.
I was very surprised to hear the news.
I was very surprised to hear you say that.
I was very surprised to see students cleaning their classroom after school.
I was very surprised to see the door open.
I was very surprised when Tom told me Mary had left Australia.
I was very surprised when Tom told me Mary had left Boston.
I was very surprised when Tom told me that Mary had left Australia.
I was very surprised when Tom told me that Mary had left Boston.
I was very surprised.
I was very suspicious.
I was very sweaty.
I was very tall.
I was very tempted to do that.
I was very tense.
I was very thirsty and I wanted to drink something cold.
I was very thirsty.
I was very tired and hungry.
I was very tired and sleepy.
I was very tired last night.
I was very tired so I went to bed early.
I was very tired today, so I went to bed earlier.
I was very tired today.
I was very tired when I got home last night.
I was very tired when I got home.
I was very tired yesterday.
I was very tired, but I was nevertheless unable to sleep.
I was very tired, so I fell asleep right away.
I was very tired, so I was able to fall asleep straight away.
I was very tired, so I went to bed early.
I was very tired.
I was very uncomfortable.
I was very uneasy.
I was very unfair.
I was very unhappy.
I was very unlucky.
I was very unpopular in junior high school.
I was very upset by the disruption in my normal morning routine.
I was very upset.
I was very warmly dressed, so I came back to take something off.
I was very well coached.
I was very well prepared.
I was very worried about Tom.
I was very worried about her.
I was very worried about you.
I was very worried.
I was very wrong.
I was very young when that happened.
I was very, very happy.
I was very, very lucky.
I was vexed at his irresolute attitude.
I was victorious.
I was violated by my teacher.
I was visited by a customer.
I was visiting Tom in Australia.
I was visiting Tom in Boston.
I was visiting Tom last week.
I was visiting my cousin in Kabylie.
I was visiting my father in Kabylie, Algeria.
I was visiting my grandmother in Kabylie.
I was visiting some friends in Boston.
I was visiting some friends in Tangiers.
I was voted "most likely to succeed" in high school.
I was waiting all alone.
I was waiting alone in front of the hotel.
I was waiting for Sami to talk to me.
I was waiting for Tom in his car.
I was waiting for Tom to do that.
I was waiting for Tom to go.
I was waiting for Tom to help me do that.
I was waiting for Tom to help me.
I was waiting for Tom to leave.
I was waiting for Tom to talk to me.
I was waiting for Tom to tell me what to do.
I was waiting for Tom.
I was waiting for a bus.
I was waiting for a cab.
I was waiting for a long time.
I was waiting for a taxi.
I was waiting for a tow truck.
I was waiting for her downstairs.
I was waiting for her to say something.
I was waiting for her, but she didn't come.
I was waiting for her.
I was waiting for him.
I was waiting for someone outside.
I was waiting for someone to say that.
I was waiting for something to happen.
I was waiting for that question.
I was waiting for the bus at that time.
I was waiting for the bus.
I was waiting for the right moment.
I was waiting for them.
I was waiting for this to happen.
I was waiting for this.
I was waiting for you to get back.
I was waiting for you to get free.
I was waiting for you to get here.
I was waiting for you to say that.
I was waiting for you to tell me what I should do.
I was waiting for you to tell me what needed to be done.
I was waiting for you to tell me what to do.
I was waiting for you to tell me what you hope I'll do.
I was waiting for you to wake up.
I was waiting for you yesterday. What happened?
I was waiting for you.
I was waiting to hear from you.
I was waiting to see what was going to happen.
I was waiting with the other students for the bus to return home.
I was waiting.
I was wakened by a beam of light shining through my window.
I was walking alone in my neighborhood.
I was walking alone in the park.
I was walking alone.
I was walking along the crowded street when all at once I heard a shrill cry.
I was walking along the river when I slipped and fell into the water.
I was walking along the street.
I was walking along the streets of London.
I was walking around in the trees.
I was walking around the campsite.
I was walking around the clearing.
I was walking around the school.
I was walking around the yard.
I was walking back and forth in an apartment.
I was walking beside him when all of a sudden I see him turn around. He's very superstitious and had seen a black cat crossing the street.
I was walking by last week and I saw you.
I was walking down a muddy trail.
I was walking down the street on my way back from school.
I was walking down the street when suddenly someone tapped me on the shoulder.
I was walking dripping with sweat.
I was walking home.
I was walking in the dark.
I was walking in the direction of the town.
I was walking in the park when I heard someone call my name.
I was walking in the park with a friend of mine when it started raining.
I was walking in the park with my grandson holding my hand.
I was walking in the park, when I heard my name called.
I was walking in the water.
I was walking inside the house.
I was walking on the road when I heard somebody crying.
I was walking slowly.
I was walking the dog while my wife was watching television.
I was walking through a forest at night.
I was walking through the forest when I saw a bobtailed cat.
I was walking through the house.
I was walking to the station then.
I was walking to the subway station.
I was walking towards the airport's exit.
I was walking towards the front of the car.
I was walking towards the river.
I was walking when I saw her.
I was walking with Tom.
I was walking, not driving.
I was walking.
I was wandering around the campsite.
I was wandering mindlessly.
I was wanted.
I was wanting to fall back asleep but my inspiration level is too alive and is too lively to let me go back to sleep.
I was warmly received.
I was warned about this.
I was warned about you.
I was warned by Tom to stay away from Mary.
I was warned not to believe anything Tom says.
I was warned not to believe what Tom said.
I was warned not to do that.
I was warned that somebody would try to kill me.
I was warned that this might happen.
I was warned this might happen.
I was warned.
I was wary of showing my intention.
I was wary of showing my intentions.
I was was driving home for the semester break.
I was washing my hair at 5 o'clock yesterday.
I was washing the dishes.
I was washing up.
I was wasting my time.
I was wasting time, wandering around the garage, when an old truck swept into driveway.
I was wasting time.
I was watching Linda.
I was watching TV at night.
I was watching TV at this time yesterday.
I was watching TV half sleeping.
I was watching TV most of the afternoon.
I was watching TV then.
I was watching TV this morning.
I was watching TV when Tom came.
I was watching TV when Yumi came.
I was watching TV when she called.
I was watching TV when the phone rang.
I was watching TV when the telephone rang.
I was watching TV.
I was watching Titanic.
I was watching Tom.
I was watching YouTube.
I was watching a documentary.
I was watching a movie on the phone.
I was watching a playthrough of a video game.
I was watching a soccer match.
I was watching all of your streams.
I was watching basketball on TV last night.
I was watching her.
I was watching him from the first floor window.
I was watching him.
I was watching porn on my phone.
I was watching television at the time.
I was watching television when the telephone rang.
I was watching the red sun sinking in the west.
I was watching the scene holding my breath.
I was watching the security footage of the robbery.
I was watching the soccer game.
I was watching the teacher write on the chalkboard.
I was watching them.
I was watching videos.
I was watching you making out with Mennad.
I was watching you.
I was watching.
I was waving a flag.
I was way too late.
I was waylaid by a colleague on Friday, which meant I missed the meeting.
I was weak.
I was wealthy.
I was wearing a Halloween costume.
I was wearing a Kabyle dress.
I was wearing a flannel shirt.
I was wearing a hard hat.
I was wearing a red ankle-length dress.
I was wearing a red dress that went down to my ankles.
I was wearing a shirt.
I was wearing a tie.
I was wearing a white cotton shirt.
I was wearing a white shirt.
I was wearing a yellow shirt yesterday.
I was wearing earphones, so I didn't notice.
I was wearing jeans yesterday.
I was wearing jeans.
I was wearing makeup.
I was wearing my best clothes.
I was wearing my favorite cap.
I was wearing my favorite dress.
I was wearing my favorite shirt.
I was wearing my favourite dress.
I was wearing my usual t-shirt and boxer shorts.
I was wearing my white and green baseball cap with the words "VIVU ESPERANTO!" Today's the 1st of May of 2025, here on Lulu Island. It's sunny. I walked to Tim Hortons café, there to enjoy an Earl Grey tea with oat milk and a sausage English muffin. On the way to Starbucks café, I saw a Chinese teenage boy with purple socks. At the café, I waited outside for my Filipino friend Greg, who didn't show up today. I saw the familiar Brazilian man in shorts come out the door. I went through Dunoon Drive to view the magnolia blossoms.
I was wearing my work boots at the time.
I was wearing shorts so I was not allowed in there.
I was wearing shorts yesterday.
I was wearing sunglasses.
I was wearing this.
I was weary of doing the same thing over and over again.
I was weighing everything.
I was welcomed whenever I visited him.
I was welcomed.
I was well into the forest when I saw that deer.
I was well rewarded for my efforts.
I was well.
I was wet with dew.
I was wet.
I was what you are, you'll be what I am.
I was what you are, you’ll be what I am.
I was what you are; you'll be what I am.
I was what you are; you’ll be what I am.
I was whispering.
I was white.
I was wide awake.
I was willing to do it, but Tom said I didn't need to.
I was willing to do that, but Tom said I didn't have to.
I was willing to do that, but Tom said I didn't need to.
I was willing to do that.
I was willing to wait.
I was wishing you could have stayed a little girl, even with all your queer ways.
I was with Claudia last week.
I was with Tom all day.
I was with Tom and Mary.
I was with Tom for an hour.
I was with Tom from 8:30 to 2:30.
I was with Tom last October.
I was with Tom last night.
I was with Tom last week.
I was with Tom the night before he died.
I was with Tom the night he died.
I was with Tom this afternoon.
I was with Tom when he died.
I was with Tom.
I was with a client.
I was with friends all last night.
I was with friends.
I was with her all day.
I was with her for an hour.
I was with her last night.
I was with her last week.
I was with her the whole time.
I was with her this afternoon.
I was with her.
I was with him all day.
I was with him for an hour.
I was with him in January.
I was with him last night.
I was with him last week.
I was with him this afternoon.
I was with him.
I was with my family in Kabylie.
I was with my father in the garden.
I was with my parents.
I was with someone.
I was with the police for three years.
I was with them all day.
I was with them for an hour.
I was with them last night.
I was with them last week.
I was with them this afternoon.
I was with them.
I was with y'all.
I was with you every step of the way.
I was with you guys.
I was with you.
I was with yous.
I was within an ace of winning.
I was without shoes.
I was woken up by a phone call.
I was woken up by gunfire.
I was woken up by the buzzing of a bumblebee.
I was woken up by the dog's barking.
I was woken up by the noise of the traffic outside.
I was woken up by the singing of the calandra lark that had made its nest in front of my window.
I was woken up by the sound of thunder this morning.
I was woken up suddenly at dawn.
I was wonderful.
I was wondering about that as well.
I was wondering about that, too.
I was wondering about that.
I was wondering how you'd look.
I was wondering if I could ask you a question.
I was wondering if I could borrow your car.
I was wondering if I could borrow your newspaper.
I was wondering if I could buy you a drink.
I was wondering if I could go home early today.
I was wondering if I could have a minute with Tom.
I was wondering if I could help you out.
I was wondering if I could sleep over at Tom's tonight.
I was wondering if I could take a vacation next week.
I was wondering if I could use your computer for a while.
I was wondering if I should make potato salad.
I was wondering if Tom and Mary are dating.
I was wondering if Tom was going to be here.
I was wondering if Tom was going to be there.
I was wondering if Tom was here.
I was wondering if anyone could help me. I have a mobile phone that only displays an error message.
I was wondering if anyone could think of a translation for "con atino".
I was wondering if anyone could think of a translation for "spot on."
I was wondering if it would be OK if I took tomorrow off.
I was wondering if my reply earlier this year had come off the wrong way.
I was wondering if there is any chance you could do that for me.
I was wondering if there is any way you could deliver that today.
I was wondering if this might just be a waste of time.
I was wondering if this was grammatically correct.
I was wondering if we could talk.
I was wondering if we might ask a few questions.
I was wondering if you can speak French.
I was wondering if you could do me a favor.
I was wondering if you could drive me there.
I was wondering if you could give me a lift, if it isn't too much trouble.
I was wondering if you could give me a lift, if it isn’t too much trouble.
I was wondering if you could give me a lift.
I was wondering if you could help me this afternoon.
I was wondering if you could help me tomorrow afternoon.
I was wondering if you could help me.
I was wondering if you could help us.
I was wondering if you could help.
I was wondering if you could introduce me to Mary.
I was wondering if you could introduce me to Tom.
I was wondering if you could introduce me to your friend.
I was wondering if you could lend a hand.
I was wondering if you had few questions to ask.
I was wondering if you knew where Tom and Mary were.
I was wondering if you knew where Tom was.
I was wondering if you might be able to help.
I was wondering if you might be willing to talk to Tom.
I was wondering if you might consent to an interview for my paper.
I was wondering if you might do me another favor.
I was wondering if you might have time to help us.
I was wondering if you thought what Tom did was appropriate.
I was wondering if you thought what Tom did was the right thing.
I was wondering if you wanted to join me.
I was wondering if you were free tomorrow.
I was wondering if you were going to show up today.
I was wondering if you were still here.
I was wondering if you would go to the prom with me.
I was wondering if you would like to go shopping with me.
I was wondering if you would like to go to the dance with me.
I was wondering if you would talk to Tom.
I was wondering if you'd let me stay with you for a few days.
I was wondering if you'd like to dance.
I was wondering if you'd like to do that now.
I was wondering if you'd like to do that with us.
I was wondering if you'd like to go out and get something to eat.
I was wondering if you'd like to go to a movie with me tonight.
I was wondering if you'd like to go with us.
I was wondering if you'd like to have coffee.
I was wondering if you'd like to join me for dinner tomorrow.
I was wondering if you'd mind if I smoked.
I was wondering if you've had a chance to look at the schedule yet.
I was wondering if you’d let me stay with you for a few days.
I was wondering if you’d like to join me for dinner tomorrow.
I was wondering that, as well.
I was wondering that, too.
I was wondering the same thing.
I was wondering what changed your mind.
I was wondering what prompted that decision.
I was wondering what that was.
I was wondering what those were.
I was wondering what to do about Tom.
I was wondering what you were doing.
I was wondering when he would come back.
I was wondering when she would come back.
I was wondering when you were going to show up.
I was wondering when you were going to tell me about it.
I was wondering when you were going to tell me that.
I was wondering when you were going to tell me you loved me.
I was wondering when you were going to tell me.
I was wondering when you'd be back.
I was wondering when you'd come see me.
I was wondering when you'd get back.
I was wondering when you'd get here.
I was wondering when you'd show up.
I was wondering where this extra pair of chopsticks came from.
I was wondering where we should go tomorrow.
I was wondering where you went.
I was wondering where you were.
I was wondering where your little camper had taken you both.
I was wondering whether I should do that.
I was wondering why that Frisbee was getting bigger. And then it hit me.
I was wondering why you came early.
I was wondering why you weren't here.
I was wondering, would you like to go to a movie with me tonight?
I was wondering.
I was working all night.
I was working as a waiter back then.
I was working as a waiter in a fancy restaurant.
I was working for a super rich lady.
I was working hard, but producing nothing useful.
I was working in Boston back then.
I was working in Boston in 2013.
I was working in Boston in those days.
I was working in Kabylie.
I was working in my office that night.
I was working in the village.
I was working in this factory.
I was working last night.
I was working late.
I was working on the proof of one of my poems all the morning, and took out a comma. In the afternoon I put it back again.
I was working overtime today and Tom got me a pizza.
I was working sixteen hours a day at that time.
I was working that night.
I was working there.
I was working three days ago.
I was working under snow.
I was working when Tom arrived.
I was working when it happened.
I was working with her.
I was working yesterday morning.
I was working yesterday, but Tom and Mary weren't.
I was working yesterday, but Tom wasn't.
I was working.
I was worn out because I had to take care of so many children.
I was worn out.
I was worried I would miss the last train.
I was worried I'd miss the last train.
I was worried Tom might choke.
I was worried about Skura.
I was worried about Tom.
I was worried about her.
I was worried about him.
I was worried about his health.
I was worried about missing the last train.
I was worried about my mistakes at first.
I was worried about stretching ourselves too thin financially.
I was worried about the test results.
I was worried about them.
I was worried about this.
I was worried about you all day.
I was worried about you.
I was worried and concerned.
I was worried and couldn't get to sleep.
I was worried because I hadn't heard from my mother.
I was worried before buying it, but once I tried using it I was extremely satisfied.
I was worried for Tom's safety.
I was worried for her safety.
I was worried for nothing.
I was worried it was a trap.
I was worried it was going to be terrible, instead of which it turned out to be amazing.
I was worried on her account.
I was worried sick about Tom.
I was worried sick about her.
I was worried sick about him.
I was worried sick about them.
I was worried sick about you.
I was worried sick.
I was worried something had gone wrong.
I was worried that I might be overdressed.
I was worried that I was going to be late when I missed my train, but I managed to get there just in time!
I was worried that Tom had hurt you.
I was worried that Tom hurt you.
I was worried that Tom might be upset, but that didn't seem to be the case.
I was worried that Tom might hurt you.
I was worried that you might've gotten lost.
I was worried that you wouldn't get here on time.
I was worried to death.
I was worried you were going to be late.
I was worried you wouldn't be able to do that.
I was worried you wouldn't come.
I was worried you wouldn't do it.
I was worried you wouldn't get here on time.
I was worried you wouldn't like it here.
I was worried, too.
I was worried.
I was wounded by her comments.
I was wounded in the war.
I was wounded.
I was writing a letter when he came in.
I was writing a letter when he came.
I was writing a letter.
I was writing a long letter.
I was writing a report.
I was writing her a love letter.
I was writing letters all morning.
I was writing.
I was wrong about Tom being a carpenter.
I was wrong about Tom.
I was wrong about her.
I was wrong about him.
I was wrong about myself.
I was wrong about that one.
I was wrong about that, too.
I was wrong about that.
I was wrong about them.
I was wrong about you.
I was wrong again! And I thought I had understood!
I was wrong all along.
I was wrong all the same.
I was wrong as usual.
I was wrong earlier.
I was wrong from the get-go.
I was wrong not to tell you.
I was wrong on that score.
I was wrong to do it.
I was wrong to do that.
I was wrong to laugh.
I was wrong to lie to you.
I was wrong, I guess.
I was wrong, too.
I was wrong, you were wrong, and both of us need to correct this mistake.
I was wrong.
I was wrong. Forget what I said.
I was wrong. Forget what I told you.
I was wrong. Please forget what I told you.
I was wrong. Please forgive me.
I was wrong; forget what I told you.
I was wrongfully punished.
I was wrongly accused.
I was yelling at the teacher.
I was young and I needed money.
I was young and I needed the money.
I was young and I thought that joining the army was the solution to any problem.
I was young and ambitious once.
I was young and crazy once.
I was young and immature at the time.
I was young and impressionable at that time.
I was young and impressionable back then.
I was young and impressionable.
I was young and innocent.
I was young and it seemed like a good idea at the time.
I was young and just having fun.
I was young and naive at that time.
I was young and naive back then.
I was young and naive then.
I was young and strong back then.
I was young and stupid.
I was young at the time.
I was young once.
I was young when my parents got divorced.
I was young, and I wanted to live.
I was young, too.
I was young.
I was younger then.
I was your age once.
I was your age when I came to Australia.
I was your age when I came to Boston.
I was your age.
I was your babysitter when you were a kid.
I was your friend.
I was your inspiration for this sentence, and you know it.
I was your mother's first boyfriend.
I was your nurse when you were in the hospital.
I was your student a few years ago.
I was zoned out because I was tired.
I was, I am and I will be a tired being.
I was, as it were, between sleep and wakefulness.
I was, as you may think, Watson, horrified at this unexpected news.
I wash clothes by hand.
I wash clothes every day.
I wash everything in cold water.
I wash in the bathroom.
I wash my apple.
I wash my apples.
I wash my car almost every day.
I wash my car in front of the house without any problems.
I wash my car once a week.
I wash my clothes.
I wash my dog.
I wash my face and hands first.
I wash my face every evening to get my makeup off.
I wash my face every morning.
I wash my feet in the sink.
I wash my hair about three times a week.
I wash my hair almost every day.
I wash my hair every day.
I wash my hair every other day.
I wash my hair every time I take a shower.
I wash my hair three times a week.
I wash my hair with lavender water.
I wash my hands a lot.
I wash my hands and take off my shoes as soon as I enter my house.
I wash my hands because they're dirty.
I wash my hands before a meal.
I wash my hands before eating lunch.
I wash my hands before eating.
I wash my hands before lunch.
I wash my hands many times a day.
I wash my hands of it entirely.
I wash my hands of it.
I wash my hands.
I wash my socks.
I wash myself, this being sensible in the case that I am dirty.
I wash myself.
I wash the blouse.
I wash the elephants.
I wash the food before I cook it.
I wash the food before cooking it.
I wash the potatoes.
I wash the veg before I cook it.
I wash the vegetables before I cook them.
I wash up by hand.
I washed Tom's car for him.
I washed Tom's clothes for him.
I washed Tom's clothes.
I washed a sink full of dishes three times today.
I washed all the drinking glasses.
I washed and waxed Tom's car for him.
I washed behind my ears.
I washed in cold water.
I washed it and hung it up in the closet.
I washed it.
I washed my T-shirt.
I washed my blankets and hung them up outside. It'll take a few hours for them to dry.
I washed my car yesterday.
I washed my car.
I washed my clothes in the river.
I washed my face.
I washed my feet.
I washed my hair this morning.
I washed my hands as usual.
I washed my hands because they were dirty.
I washed my hands of the whole business.
I washed my hands with soap and water.
I washed my hands with soap.
I washed my hands.
I washed my own shirt.
I washed my own shirts.
I washed my shirt clean.
I washed my shirt.
I washed my t-shirt.
I washed myself and felt much better.
I washed myself.
I washed one.
I washed the apples.
I washed the car.
I washed the dishes after I'd eaten dinner.
I washed the dishes after lunch.
I washed the dishes after supper.
I washed the dishes long ago.
I washed the dishes.
I washed the dog.
I washed the loquats.
I washed the sheets.
I washed the vegetables.
I washed the windows.
I washed them for you.
I washed them.
I washed up after tea.
I washed up in my room and she in hers.
I washed your clothes for you.
I washed your clothes.
I wasn't a bit affected by the news of his death.
I wasn't a bit disappointed.
I wasn't a bit hungry.
I wasn't a bit scared.
I wasn't a bit sleepy.
I wasn't a bit tired.
I wasn't a good friend and I would never forgive myself for that.
I wasn't a good student in high school.
I wasn't a nice guy when I was younger.
I wasn't a particularly gifted pupil.
I wasn't a very good kid.
I wasn't a very good student.
I wasn't a very nice guy when I was younger.
I wasn't able hold my breath as long as Tom could.
I wasn't able to access all of the information.
I wasn't able to answer Tom's question.
I wasn't able to answer all the questions.
I wasn't able to answer even one question on this test.
I wasn't able to answer half the questions.
I wasn't able to answer that question.
I wasn't able to ask for your phone number again.
I wasn't able to attend the meeting due to illness.
I wasn't able to attend the party.
I wasn't able to believe him at first.
I wasn't able to blow out all the candles on the cake.
I wasn't able to buy a ticket.
I wasn't able to buy anything because the supermarket was closed.
I wasn't able to buy as much I wanted to.
I wasn't able to buy as much I wanted.
I wasn't able to buy enough food for everyone.
I wasn't able to buy everything I needed.
I wasn't able to buy everything I wanted to buy.
I wasn't able to buy everything I wanted.
I wasn't able to buy everything I was supposed to buy.
I wasn't able to buy everything Tom asked me to buy.
I wasn't able to buy everything we needed.
I wasn't able to buy tickets, so we can't go to the concert.
I wasn't able to buy what I needed.
I wasn't able to buy what I wanted.
I wasn't able to buy what I was supposed to buy.
I wasn't able to buy what Tom asked me to buy.
I wasn't able to buy what you asked me to buy.
I wasn't able to carry all of the books.
I wasn't able to catch the ball that Tom threw to me.
I wasn't able to catch the ball.
I wasn't able to catch up with Tom.
I wasn't able to change Tom's mind.
I wasn't able to change my schedule.
I wasn't able to come because of the heavy snowfall.
I wasn't able to come because of the rain.
I wasn't able to contact Tom by phone.
I wasn't able to convince Tom to come back home.
I wasn't able to convince Tom to do that.
I wasn't able to convince Tom.
I wasn't able to convince everyone.
I wasn't able to cut the rope with my pocketknife.
I wasn't able to deal with that.
I wasn't able to defend myself.
I wasn't able to do anything I had to do.
I wasn't able to do anything I needed to do.
I wasn't able to do anything I wanted to do.
I wasn't able to do anything Tom said I had to do.
I wasn't able to do anything at the time.
I wasn't able to do anything because it was raining.
I wasn't able to do anything for Tom.
I wasn't able to do anything.
I wasn't able to do everything I had to do.
I wasn't able to do everything I needed to do.
I wasn't able to do everything I wanted to do.
I wasn't able to do everything I wanted to.
I wasn't able to do everything I'd planned to do.
I wasn't able to do everything Tom asked me to do.
I wasn't able to do everything Tom said I had to do.
I wasn't able to do everything Tom told me to do.
I wasn't able to do everything Tom wanted me to do.
I wasn't able to do everything that I wanted to do.
I wasn't able to do everything that needed to be done.
I wasn't able to do everything you asked me to do.
I wasn't able to do it.
I wasn't able to do that as fast as Tom.
I wasn't able to do that as much last year as I wanted to.
I wasn't able to do that as often last year as I wanted to.
I wasn't able to do that as well as Tom could.
I wasn't able to do that as well as Tom.
I wasn't able to do that because I was sick.
I wasn't able to do that by myself, so I asked Tom to help me.
I wasn't able to do that by myself.
I wasn't able to do that last year, but I can now.
I wasn't able to do that today.
I wasn't able to do that until I was thirty.
I wasn't able to do that very well.
I wasn't able to do that yesterday.
I wasn't able to do that, but it was worth trying.
I wasn't able to do that, so Tom did that for me.
I wasn't able to do that.
I wasn't able to do what I had to do.
I wasn't able to do what I needed to do.
I wasn't able to do what I wanted to do.
I wasn't able to do what I wanted to.
I wasn't able to do what I wanted.
I wasn't able to do what I was supposed to do.
I wasn't able to do what Tom asked me to do.
I wasn't able to do what Tom said I had to do.
I wasn't able to do what Tom told me to do.
I wasn't able to do what Tom wanted me to do.
I wasn't able to eat as much I wanted to.
I wasn't able to eat as much I wanted.
I wasn't able to escape.
I wasn't able to examine anything.
I wasn't able to explain it in a way that Tom could understand.
I wasn't able to explain that to Tom in a way that he could understand.
I wasn't able to explain the situation to Tom.
I wasn't able to figure out how to open the box.
I wasn't able to figure out what to do.
I wasn't able to find Tom anywhere.
I wasn't able to find Tom's house.
I wasn't able to find Tom.
I wasn't able to find a Portuguese dictionary in this bookstore.
I wasn't able to find a babysitter on such short notice.
I wasn't able to find a good hiding place.
I wasn't able to find a job.
I wasn't able to find a parking place.
I wasn't able to find a place to park.
I wasn't able to find anyone to help.
I wasn't able to find my way out.
I wasn't able to find out who that person was.
I wasn't able to find that thing anywhere.
I wasn't able to find the documents I was looking for.
I wasn't able to find the time to do that.
I wasn't able to find what I was looking for.
I wasn't able to find what Tom had hidden.
I wasn't able to find work in Boston.
I wasn't able to find work.
I wasn't able to finish doing that as soon as I thought I'd be able to.
I wasn't able to finish my homework in time.
I wasn't able to finish my homework on time.
I wasn't able to finish my lunch.
I wasn't able to fix it.
I wasn't able to fix my car by myself.
I wasn't able to fix that.
I wasn't able to fix the broken lock.
I wasn't able to fix the leak.
I wasn't able to get Tom to do that.
I wasn't able to get Tom to laugh.
I wasn't able to get Tom to say anything.
I wasn't able to get Tom to understand what needed to be done.
I wasn't able to get a close look.
I wasn't able to get a ticket.
I wasn't able to get a visa.
I wasn't able to get all the things done that I wanted to do.
I wasn't able to get all the things done that needed to be done.
I wasn't able to get as many as I wanted.
I wasn't able to get everything done that I needed to do.
I wasn't able to get everything done that I wanted to do.
I wasn't able to get everything done that I was supposed to do.
I wasn't able to get everything done that had to be done.
I wasn't able to get everything done that needed to be done.
I wasn't able to get hold of Tom.
I wasn't able to get much sleep that night.
I wasn't able to get my car started.
I wasn't able to get permission to do that.
I wasn't able to get rid of my doubts about that.
I wasn't able to get the box open.
I wasn't able to get the children to laugh.
I wasn't able to get the door open.
I wasn't able to get the door unlocked.
I wasn't able to get the gate open.
I wasn't able to get the job because I couldn't speak French.
I wasn't able to get the safe open.
I wasn't able to get the stains out of the shirt.
I wasn't able to get there in time.
I wasn't able to get to sleep.
I wasn't able to get what I wanted.
I wasn't able to go fishing last weekend.
I wasn't able to go out for several months.
I wasn't able to go to Tom's recital.
I wasn't able to go to his birthday party.
I wasn't able to grow a mustache yet.
I wasn't able to handle the problem by myself.
I wasn't able to hear Tom clearly.
I wasn't able to hear what Tom said.
I wasn't able to hear you.
I wasn't able to help Tom and Mary do that.
I wasn't able to help Tom do that.
I wasn't able to help Tom with his homework.
I wasn't able to help Tom.
I wasn't able to help you.
I wasn't able to hire a car.
I wasn't able to hold onto the rope any longer.
I wasn't able to keep up with the other students.
I wasn't able to keep up with the rest of the students.
I wasn't able to leave my house.
I wasn't able to lift that box.
I wasn't able to make Tom and Mary do that.
I wasn't able to make Tom do that.
I wasn't able to make Tom laugh.
I wasn't able to make myself understood in French.
I wasn't able to make myself understood.
I wasn't able to meet Tom.
I wasn't able to move the desk by myself.
I wasn't able to open the bottle.
I wasn't able to open the box.
I wasn't able to open the door.
I wasn't able to open the safe.
I wasn't able to pass the exam.
I wasn't able to pass the examination.
I wasn't able to pass the test.
I wasn't able to pay all my bills last month.
I wasn't able to persuade Tom not to do that.
I wasn't able to persuade Tom to do that.
I wasn't able to persuade Tom to drive.
I wasn't able to persuade Tom to go with me.
I wasn't able to persuade Tom to help me.
I wasn't able to pick Tom up at the airport.
I wasn't able to pick up Tom at the airport.
I wasn't able to play tennis as often last year as I wanted to.
I wasn't able to protect Tom.
I wasn't able to read the sign.
I wasn't able to reenroll.
I wasn't able to remember the title of that song.
I wasn't able to rent a car.
I wasn't able to repair the broken lock.
I wasn't able to repair the fridge.
I wasn't able to repair this refrigerator.
I wasn't able to rescue Tom.
I wasn't able to save Tom.
I wasn't able to say everything that I wanted to say.
I wasn't able to say goodbye to Tom.
I wasn't able to say what I wanted to in French.
I wasn't able to see Tom in the crowd.
I wasn't able to see Tom's face.
I wasn't able to see Tom.
I wasn't able to see the doctor.
I wasn't able to see what Tom was doing.
I wasn't able to see who the driver was.
I wasn't able to see who was in the car.
I wasn't able to see who was inside the car.
I wasn't able to sell any of the stuff Tom wanted me to sell for him.
I wasn't able to sell any of the stuff that Tom wanted me to sell for him.
I wasn't able to sing very well tonight because I had a sore throat.
I wasn't able to sleep at all last night.
I wasn't able to sleep at night.
I wasn't able to sleep last night.
I wasn't able to sleep on the bus.
I wasn't able to sleep on the plane.
I wasn't able to sleep through the noise.
I wasn't able to solve that problem.
I wasn't able to solve that puzzle.
I wasn't able to solve the problem.
I wasn't able to speak French at that time.
I wasn't able to speak French until I was thirty.
I wasn't able to speak French when I first got there.
I wasn't able to stand any longer.
I wasn't able to stay as long as I thought I'd be able to.
I wasn't able to stay awake.
I wasn't able to stay in Australia as long as I wanted to.
I wasn't able to stay in Australia as long as I'd planned to.
I wasn't able to stay in Boston as long as I wanted to.
I wasn't able to stay in Boston as long as I'd planned to.
I wasn't able to stay until the end of the movie.
I wasn't able to stay up all night.
I wasn't able to stay with Tom.
I wasn't able to stop Tom from doing that.
I wasn't able to stop that from happening.
I wasn't able to study French.
I wasn't able to swim last year, but I can now.
I wasn't able to swim until I was thirty.
I wasn't able to take a bath.
I wasn't able to take care of Tom.
I wasn't able to talk Sami out of doing that.
I wasn't able to talk Tom into baking a cake for Mary's birthday party.
I wasn't able to talk Tom into doing that.
I wasn't able to talk Tom out of doing that.
I wasn't able to talk Tom out of going there.
I wasn't able to talk to Tom.
I wasn't able to teach Tom how to do that.
I wasn't able to tell Tom everything.
I wasn't able to tell Tom the truth.
I wasn't able to tell Tom what was happening.
I wasn't able to tell her the truth.
I wasn't able to thank you last night.
I wasn't able to think clearly earlier, I can't even remember what I said.
I wasn't able to think of anything.
I wasn't able to turn in the assignment on time.
I wasn't able to turn in the assignment.
I wasn't able to understand Tom.
I wasn't able to understand any of it.
I wasn't able to understand anything.
I wasn't able to understand that explanation.
I wasn't able to understand what Tom was trying to say.
I wasn't able to work at home.
I wasn't able to work for three weeks.
I wasn't able to work last month.
I wasn't able to write it down.
I wasn't about to do that.
I wasn't about to give up.
I wasn't about to sing that song again.
I wasn't accusing you of anything.
I wasn't actually going to do that.
I wasn't actually going to jump.
I wasn't actually supposed to do that.
I wasn't actually the one who did that.
I wasn't affected by the flood.
I wasn't affected by the recession.
I wasn't afraid of Tom.
I wasn't afraid of anything.
I wasn't afraid of the blood sampling at all.
I wasn't afraid to do that.
I wasn't afraid to go into the cave.
I wasn't afraid.
I wasn't aggressive enough.
I wasn't all that hungry.
I wasn't all that surprised.
I wasn't all that tired.
I wasn't allowed in as I had short shorts on.
I wasn't allowed in that store.
I wasn't allowed to ask even one question.
I wasn't allowed to be there with Tom.
I wasn't allowed to borrow it.
I wasn't allowed to do anything I wanted to do.
I wasn't allowed to do that yesterday.
I wasn't allowed to do that.
I wasn't allowed to do the things I wanted.
I wasn't allowed to eat anything.
I wasn't allowed to eat.
I wasn't allowed to enter.
I wasn't allowed to go into that room.
I wasn't allowed to go into the store.
I wasn't allowed to help Tom.
I wasn't allowed to join the team.
I wasn't allowed to leave my country.
I wasn't allowed to leave.
I wasn't allowed to make any changes.
I wasn't allowed to meet her in person.
I wasn't allowed to return to my country.
I wasn't allowed to say anything.
I wasn't allowed to say goodbye to Tom.
I wasn't allowed to say what I wanted to say.
I wasn't allowed to see Tom.
I wasn't allowed to see her.
I wasn't allowed to see him.
I wasn't allowed to see my family.
I wasn't allowed to see them.
I wasn't allowed to see you.
I wasn't allowed to sing.
I wasn't allowed to stay any longer.
I wasn't allowed to stay there with them.
I wasn't allowed to talk at the meeting.
I wasn't allowed to tell Tom what was going on.
I wasn't allowed to tell Tom what was going to happen.
I wasn't allowed to tell Tom what was happening.
I wasn't allowed to wear the clothes I wanted to wear.
I wasn't allowed to wear the clothes that I wanted to wear.
I wasn't alone then.
I wasn't alone.
I wasn't always happy.
I wasn't always like this, you know.
I wasn't always this fat.
I wasn't amused by what was going on.
I wasn't amused.
I wasn't an especially good pupil at school.
I wasn't an especially talented schoolkid.
I wasn't angry with Tom.
I wasn't angry.
I wasn't annoyed by that.
I wasn't annoyed.
I wasn't any busier than usual.
I wasn't any quicker at doing that than Mary was.
I wasn't any quicker at doing that than Tom was.
I wasn't armed.
I wasn't around when Tom needed me.
I wasn't around.
I wasn't arrested.
I wasn't as amused by what was going on as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't as angry as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't as angry as everybody thought I was.
I wasn't as angry as everyone thought I was.
I wasn't as annoyed as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't as bored as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't as bored as Tom was.
I wasn't as busy as I thought I'd be.
I wasn't as busy as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't as busy as Tom was.
I wasn't as busy as usual.
I wasn't as careful as I should have been.
I wasn't as careful as I should've been.
I wasn't as careful as Tom was.
I wasn't as careless as Tom.
I wasn't as confused as Tom was.
I wasn't as desperate to do that as Tom thought I was.
I wasn't as disappointed as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't as disappointed as Tom was.
I wasn't as drunk as Tom and Mary were.
I wasn't as drunk as Tom was.
I wasn't as drunk as Tom.
I wasn't as fast as everybody else.
I wasn't as fast as everyone else.
I wasn't as fat back then.
I wasn't as helpful as I should have been.
I wasn't as helpful as I should've been.
I wasn't as hesitant to do that as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't as hungry as I thought I would be.
I wasn't as hungry as I thought I'd be.
I wasn't as hungry as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't as hungry as Tom was.
I wasn't as hungry as Tom.
I wasn't as interested in doing that as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't as interested in doing that as Tom thought I was.
I wasn't as intoxicated as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't as lucky as Tom was.
I wasn't as lucky as Tom.
I wasn't as lucky the second time.
I wasn't as mad as Tom was.
I wasn't as motivated to do that as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't as nervous as I thought I'd be.
I wasn't as nervous as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't as nervous as Tom was.
I wasn't as poor as my neighbors.
I wasn't as prepared as I should've been.
I wasn't as reluctant to do that as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't as scared as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't as sleepy as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't as strong as my father.
I wasn't as successful as Tom was.
I wasn't as successful as Tom.
I wasn't as surprised as Tom was.
I wasn't as tempted to do that as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't as tired as I thought I'd be.
I wasn't as tired as everyone else was.
I wasn't asked for my opinion.
I wasn't asked, so I'm not going to say anything.
I wasn't asking for your opinion.
I wasn't asking for your permission.
I wasn't asking that.
I wasn't asking you.
I wasn't asking your permission.
I wasn't asleep at that time.
I wasn't asleep.
I wasn't assertive enough.
I wasn't at Tom's birthday party.
I wasn't at Tom's funeral.
I wasn't at Tom's party last weekend.
I wasn't at Tom's party.
I wasn't at a Halloween party.
I wasn't at all hungry.
I wasn't at all impressed by Tom's designs.
I wasn't at all satisfied with the results.
I wasn't at all surprised by what happened.
I wasn't at all surprised that happened.
I wasn't at all surprised that that happened.
I wasn't at all surprised.
I wasn't at all tempted to do that.
I wasn't at church last Sunday.
I wasn't at home at that time.
I wasn't at home last night.
I wasn't at home most of the day.
I wasn't at home then.
I wasn't at home when Tom dropped by for a visit.
I wasn't at home when Tom dropped by.
I wasn't at home when that happened.
I wasn't at home when the baby took its first steps.
I wasn't at home yesterday evening.
I wasn't at home yesterday.
I wasn't at home.
I wasn't at my best today.
I wasn't at school because I was ill.
I wasn't at school last week.
I wasn't at school on Monday.
I wasn't at school that day.
I wasn't at school the day we had our class picture taken.
I wasn't at school yesterday.
I wasn't at school, because I was sick.
I wasn't at that meeting.
I wasn't at the meeting last week because I was in Australia.
I wasn't at the meeting last week because I was in Boston.
I wasn't at the party last night.
I wasn't at the party.
I wasn't at work today.
I wasn't attracted to her at first.
I wasn't attracted to her at the beginning.
I wasn't attracted to him at first.
I wasn't attracted to him at the beginning.
I wasn't avoiding you.
I wasn't awake at that time.
I wasn't aware I didn't have to do that.
I wasn't aware I didn't need to do that.
I wasn't aware I needed to do that.
I wasn't aware I should do that.
I wasn't aware I shouldn't do that.
I wasn't aware I was supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware I wasn't loved.
I wasn't aware I wasn't supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware I wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom could do that.
I wasn't aware Tom couldn't do that.
I wasn't aware Tom did that.
I wasn't aware Tom didn't have to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom didn't need to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom didn't want me there.
I wasn't aware Tom didn't want to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom had done that.
I wasn't aware Tom had moved to Australia.
I wasn't aware Tom hadn't done that yet.
I wasn't aware Tom hadn't done that.
I wasn't aware Tom hadn't yet done that.
I wasn't aware Tom needed to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom should do that.
I wasn't aware Tom shouldn't do that.
I wasn't aware Tom wanted to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom was doing that.
I wasn't aware Tom was in the room.
I wasn't aware Tom was married.
I wasn't aware Tom was supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom was unhappy here.
I wasn't aware Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom wouldn't be there.
I wasn't aware of Tom's abilities.
I wasn't aware of anything.
I wasn't aware of that at the time.
I wasn't aware of that problem.
I wasn't aware of that.
I wasn't aware of the danger until they warned me.
I wasn't aware of the danger.
I wasn't aware of the problem.
I wasn't aware of the problems.
I wasn't aware of these problems.
I wasn't aware of this until a few days ago.
I wasn't aware of what Tom had done.
I wasn't aware of what was going on.
I wasn't aware of what was happening.
I wasn't aware somebody was watching me.
I wasn't aware someone was watching me.
I wasn't aware that I didn't have to do that.
I wasn't aware that I didn't need to do that.
I wasn't aware that I had to do that.
I wasn't aware that I needed to do that.
I wasn't aware that I should do that.
I wasn't aware that I shouldn't do that.
I wasn't aware that I was being followed.
I wasn't aware that I was being photographed.
I wasn't aware that I was being recorded.
I wasn't aware that I was being watched.
I wasn't aware that I was supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware that I wasn't loved.
I wasn't aware that I wasn't supposed to be doing this.
I wasn't aware that I wasn't supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware that I wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom and Mary were in the hospital all last week.
I wasn't aware that Tom and Mary were married.
I wasn't aware that Tom and Mary were sick.
I wasn't aware that Tom and Mary were sleeping.
I wasn't aware that Tom and Mary were unhappy here.
I wasn't aware that Tom and Mary weren't at school today.
I wasn't aware that Tom could do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom couldn't do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom couldn't speak French.
I wasn't aware that Tom couldn't understand French.
I wasn't aware that Tom did that.
I wasn't aware that Tom didn't have to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom didn't need to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom didn't want me there.
I wasn't aware that Tom didn't want to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom had already gone home.
I wasn't aware that Tom had done that.
I wasn't aware that Tom had moved to Australia.
I wasn't aware that Tom had moved to Boston.
I wasn't aware that Tom had to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom hadn't done that yet.
I wasn't aware that Tom hadn't done that.
I wasn't aware that Tom hadn't yet done that.
I wasn't aware that Tom needed to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom should do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom shouldn't do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom used to be in prison.
I wasn't aware that Tom wanted to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom was doing that.
I wasn't aware that Tom was hoping I'd kiss him.
I wasn't aware that Tom was in the hospital all last week.
I wasn't aware that Tom was in the room.
I wasn't aware that Tom was married.
I wasn't aware that Tom was sick.
I wasn't aware that Tom was sleeping.
I wasn't aware that Tom was supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom was unhappy here.
I wasn't aware that Tom wasn't at school today.
I wasn't aware that Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom wouldn't be there.
I wasn't aware that Tom's house had burned down.
I wasn't aware that anything out of the ordinary had happened.
I wasn't aware that somebody was watching me.
I wasn't aware that someone was watching me.
I wasn't aware that that was happening.
I wasn't aware that the toilet and the bath are in the same room in America.
I wasn't aware that the toilet and the bath are in the same room in the United States.
I wasn't aware that there was a problem.
I wasn't aware that was happening.
I wasn't aware that we should do that.
I wasn't aware that we were being recorded.
I wasn't aware that we were supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware that we weren't supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware that you didn't have to do that.
I wasn't aware that you didn't need to do that.
I wasn't aware that you had to do that.
I wasn't aware that you needed to do that.
I wasn't aware that you were feeling so bad.
I wasn't aware that you were feeling that bad.
I wasn't aware that you were so ill.
I wasn't aware that you were supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware that you weren't supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware we were being recorded.
I wasn't aware what was happening.
I wasn't aware.
I wasn't badly hurt.
I wasn't badly injured.
I wasn't barefoot.
I wasn't being entirely truthful.
I wasn't being forced to do that.
I wasn't being mindful and got on a wrong bus by mistake.
I wasn't being patient.
I wasn't being sarcastic.
I wasn't being serious.
I wasn't bleeding, but it hurt.
I wasn't bleeding.
I wasn't bluffing.
I wasn't bored.
I wasn't born blind.
I wasn't born deaf.
I wasn't born here, but I grew up here.
I wasn't born here, but I spent all of my early childhood here.
I wasn't born in Australia.
I wasn't born in Boston, but I've lived here most of my life.
I wasn't born in Boston.
I wasn't born in a hospital.
I wasn't born knowing.
I wasn't born on Earth.
I wasn't born rich.
I wasn't born to do this kind of stuff.
I wasn't born with a golden spoon in my mouth.
I wasn't born yesterday!
I wasn't born yesterday.
I wasn't brave enough to do that.
I wasn't breaking any rules that existed at the time.
I wasn't busy last week.
I wasn't busy then.
I wasn't busy today.
I wasn't busy yesterday.
I wasn't busy.
I wasn't careful enough.
I wasn't careful, and now I am covered with sunburns all over.
I wasn't careful, and now I have sunburns all over me.
I wasn't careful, and now I'm sunburned all over.
I wasn't careful.
I wasn't celebrating.
I wasn't charged with anything.
I wasn't clear whether or not he knocked.
I wasn't comfortable with the situation.
I wasn't comfortable.
I wasn't competitive enough.
I wasn't complaining about that.
I wasn't complaining.
I wasn't completely happy with the settlement.
I wasn't concerned about that.
I wasn't confident at all.
I wasn't conscious of anyone watching me.
I wasn't conscious that I was doing that.
I wasn't conscious that I was tapping my foot.
I wasn't consulted.
I wasn't content to work under him.
I wasn't convinced I had to do that.
I wasn't convinced I needed to do that.
I wasn't convinced that I had to do that.
I wasn't convinced that I needed to do that.
I wasn't convinced that Tom had to do that.
I wasn't convinced that Tom needed to do that.
I wasn't convinced that Tom wanted to do that.
I wasn't convinced that was a good idea.
I wasn't convinced.
I wasn't cooking anything.
I wasn't correct.
I wasn't counting on that.
I wasn't crying.
I wasn't dancing!
I wasn't deceived.
I wasn't disappointed at all.
I wasn't disappointed.
I wasn't dishonest.
I wasn't disloyal.
I wasn't dissatisfied.
I wasn't dizzy.
I wasn't doing anything behind her back.
I wasn't doing anything wrong.
I wasn't doing anything.
I wasn't doing what I was supposed to be doing.
I wasn't done.
I wasn't dreaming.
I wasn't dressed appropriately.
I wasn't drinking last night.
I wasn't driving all that fast.
I wasn't driving as fast as the police officer said I was.
I wasn't driving fast.
I wasn't drunk.
I wasn't eager to do that.
I wasn't early.
I wasn't eavesdropping.
I wasn't effective enough.
I wasn't embarrassed.
I wasn't enjoying myself very much.
I wasn't enjoying myself.
I wasn't entirely ready for that to happen.
I wasn't entirely right, but you can't have everything.
I wasn't entirely sure myself.
I wasn't entirely sure what I was looking at.
I wasn't entirely surprised to see Tom there.
I wasn't especially worried about the final results of my exams as I knew that I did my best when completing them.
I wasn't even a bit scared.
I wasn't even aware of my acts.
I wasn't even conscious of it.
I wasn't even driving that fast.
I wasn't even here yesterday.
I wasn't even here.
I wasn't even hurt.
I wasn't even in Boston the night Tom and Mary were murdered.
I wasn't even in Boston the night Tom was murdered.
I wasn't even insured.
I wasn't even nervous.
I wasn't even supposed to be here.
I wasn't even sure you knew it.
I wasn't even there that night.
I wasn't even there!
I wasn't even there.
I wasn't even thinking about it.
I wasn't even thinking about that.
I wasn't exactly sure where Tom and Mary were.
I wasn't exactly sure where Tom was.
I wasn't exaggerating.
I wasn't expecting Tom to be here.
I wasn't expecting Tom to be there.
I wasn't expecting Tom to come.
I wasn't expecting Tom to do that.
I wasn't expecting Tom to help me.
I wasn't expecting Tom to win.
I wasn't expecting Tom's help.
I wasn't expecting a gift.
I wasn't expecting a present.
I wasn't expecting a show.
I wasn't expecting a standing ovation.
I wasn't expecting any help.
I wasn't expecting any of this.
I wasn't expecting anybody to be here.
I wasn't expecting anyone to be here.
I wasn't expecting anyone.
I wasn't expecting anything bad to happen.
I wasn't expecting anything different.
I wasn't expecting anything else.
I wasn't expecting anything from him.
I wasn't expecting anything.
I wasn't expecting guests.
I wasn't expecting it from you!
I wasn't expecting it to happen so soon.
I wasn't expecting it, but Ziri agreed to help me.
I wasn't expecting so many changes in you.
I wasn't expecting so many people to come.
I wasn't expecting something this bad to happen.
I wasn't expecting such a huge feedback on my last novel.
I wasn't expecting that at all.
I wasn't expecting that to happen at all.
I wasn't expecting that to happen.
I wasn't expecting that!
I wasn't expecting that.
I wasn't expecting this to happen.
I wasn't expecting this.
I wasn't expecting to be back here again so soon.
I wasn't expecting to be paid.
I wasn't expecting to get herpes in Australia.
I wasn't expecting to get paid.
I wasn't expecting to hear from you.
I wasn't expecting to lose that much weight.
I wasn't expecting to meet you here.
I wasn't expecting to play in today's game.
I wasn't expecting to see you here.
I wasn't expecting to see you.
I wasn't expecting to win.
I wasn't expecting visitors.
I wasn't expecting you so soon.
I wasn't expecting you to be here today.
I wasn't expecting you to be here.
I wasn't expecting you to do it for Tom.
I wasn't expecting you to do that for Tom.
I wasn't expecting you to do that for me.
I wasn't expecting you to do that.
I wasn't expecting you to say that.
I wasn't expecting you today.
I wasn't expecting you until 2:30.
I wasn't expecting you until tomorrow.
I wasn't expecting you.
I wasn't familiar with the melody.
I wasn't familiar with the tune.
I wasn't far behind.
I wasn't fast enough.
I wasn't fat when I was a kid.
I wasn't feeling particularly talkative.
I wasn't feeling very hungry.
I wasn't feeling very well.
I wasn't feeling well and was late for class.
I wasn't feeling well, so I went home early.
I wasn't feeling well.
I wasn't finished talking to Tom.
I wasn't finished.
I wasn't fired.
I wasn't fired. I quit.
I wasn't flirting with Tom.
I wasn't flirting with him.
I wasn't flirting.
I wasn't following the conversation.
I wasn't fooled for a second.
I wasn't fooling anyone.
I wasn't forced to do that.
I wasn't frightened at first.
I wasn't frightened.
I wasn't fully aware of the situation.
I wasn't getting any better.
I wasn't getting any help from anyone, so I gave up.
I wasn't given a chance to do that.
I wasn't given a chance.
I wasn't given a choice.
I wasn't given an answer.
I wasn't given anything.
I wasn't given enough information.
I wasn't given one of those.
I wasn't given the chance to do that.
I wasn't given what I asked for.
I wasn't given what I needed.
I wasn't given what I wanted.
I wasn't going to buy anything.
I wasn't going to do anything.
I wasn't going to do that.
I wasn't going to give up.
I wasn't going to go there.
I wasn't going to hurt Tom.
I wasn't going to hurt you.
I wasn't going to kill myself.
I wasn't going to leave you in the dark.
I wasn't going to mention it.
I wasn't going to say anything.
I wasn't going to say that.
I wasn't going to sing that song, but Tom asked me to, so I did.
I wasn't going to sing.
I wasn't going to tell Tom.
I wasn't going to tell him.
I wasn't going to touch anything.
I wasn't gone long.
I wasn't gone very long.
I wasn't good at Bangla at the time.
I wasn't good at Bengali at the time.
I wasn't good at French at that time.
I wasn't good at Kannada at the time.
I wasn't good at Yiddish at the time.
I wasn't good enough to be on the team.
I wasn't good enough.
I wasn't good-looking when I was a kid.
I wasn't gossiping.
I wasn't goth, but I wore all black and hung out with a bunch of goth kids.
I wasn't guilty.
I wasn't half the man I thought I was.
I wasn't handcuffed.
I wasn't happy about the situation.
I wasn't happy to be there.
I wasn't happy to see them.
I wasn't happy with Tom's answer.
I wasn't happy with Tom's decision.
I wasn't happy with the results.
I wasn't happy with the way Tom did that.
I wasn't happy with what I saw.
I wasn't happy, but it seemed reasonable that his prices should go up like everything else, so I agreed.
I wasn't happy.
I wasn't having a good time.
I wasn't having a lot of fun.
I wasn't having a very good time.
I wasn't having an affair but I have been accused.
I wasn't having any fun.
I wasn't having any problems.
I wasn't having as much fun as Tom seemed to be having.
I wasn't having as much fun as Tom was.
I wasn't having fun, so I went home early.
I wasn't having fun.
I wasn't having much fun.
I wasn't having such a good time.
I wasn't healthy back then.
I wasn't healthy enough to do that.
I wasn't heard.
I wasn't hearing her.
I wasn't helpful.
I wasn't here a moment ago.
I wasn't here at that time.
I wasn't here in October.
I wasn't here last Monday.
I wasn't here last night.
I wasn't here last week.
I wasn't here last year.
I wasn't here on Monday.
I wasn't here then.
I wasn't here this morning.
I wasn't here when Tom got here.
I wasn't here when that happened.
I wasn't here yesterday.
I wasn't hired.
I wasn't home alone.
I wasn't home at that time.
I wasn't home last night.
I wasn't home yesterday.
I wasn't home.
I wasn't homeless at that time.
I wasn't honest with Tom.
I wasn't honest with her.
I wasn't honest with him.
I wasn't honest with them.
I wasn't honest with you.
I wasn't honest.
I wasn't hungry anyway.
I wasn't hungry when I got home.
I wasn't hungry, so I didn't eat anything.
I wasn't hungry.
I wasn't hurt at all.
I wasn't hurt badly.
I wasn't hurt in the accident.
I wasn't hurt in the attack.
I wasn't hurt in the explosion.
I wasn't hurt.
I wasn't hurting anyone.
I wasn't ignoring you.
I wasn't implying anything.
I wasn't impressed by Tom's designs at all.
I wasn't impressed by what I saw.
I wasn't impressed by what Tom did.
I wasn't impressed by what Tom said.
I wasn't impressed.
I wasn't in Australia at that time.
I wasn't in Australia last October.
I wasn't in Australia last month.
I wasn't in Australia last winter.
I wasn't in Australia last year.
I wasn't in Boston at that time.
I wasn't in Boston last month.
I wasn't in Boston last week.
I wasn't in Boston last winter.
I wasn't in Boston last year.
I wasn't in Boston yesterday.
I wasn't in Boston; I was in New York.
I wasn't in a big hurry to do that.
I wasn't in a hurry to do that.
I wasn't in a hurry.
I wasn't in any hurry.
I wasn't in any rush to do that.
I wasn't in class yesterday.
I wasn't in good enough shape to do that.
I wasn't in love with anyone.
I wasn't in love.
I wasn't in my office this morning.
I wasn't in my room at that time.
I wasn't in only foreigner living in Kabylie.
I wasn't in the city.
I wasn't in the mood to do that today.
I wasn't in the mood to do that yesterday.
I wasn't in the mood to do that.
I wasn't in the mood.
I wasn't in the office then, so I don't know what happened.
I wasn't in the office then. I don't know what happened.
I wasn't in the room when Mary asked Tom to help her.
I wasn't in the room when Tom and Mary asked John to help them.
I wasn't in the room when Tom asked Mary to help him.
I wasn't in the village yesterday.
I wasn't in the village.
I wasn't in time for school this morning.
I wasn't in town.
I wasn't in yesterday afternoon.
I wasn't in your apartment.
I wasn't indiscreet.
I wasn't informed of this.
I wasn't informed.
I wasn't injured in the accident.
I wasn't injured in the train wreck.
I wasn't injured.
I wasn't innovative enough.
I wasn't interested in buying that anyway.
I wasn't interested in doing that.
I wasn't interested in going to Australia anyway.
I wasn't interested in going to Boston anyway.
I wasn't interested in it.
I wasn't interested in seeing Tom.
I wasn't interested in talking about that.
I wasn't interested in that topic, so I left the lecture.
I wasn't interested in the job.
I wasn't interested in what Tom was saying.
I wasn't interested in what might happen.
I wasn't interested in what was going on.
I wasn't interested in what was happening.
I wasn't intoxicated.
I wasn't invited to Tom's party.
I wasn't invited to that event.
I wasn't invited to the banquet.
I wasn't invited to the opening ceremony.
I wasn't invited to the party, but Tom and Mary were.
I wasn't invited to the party, but Tom was.
I wasn't invited to the party.
I wasn't invited to today's meeting.
I wasn't invited.
I wasn't involved.
I wasn't jealous.
I wasn't joking.
I wasn't kidding about that.
I wasn't kidding.
I wasn't killed in the explosion.
I wasn't laughing at Tom.
I wasn't laughing at you.
I wasn't laughing.
I wasn't lazing around like some people.
I wasn't like all the other boys.
I wasn't listening carefully.
I wasn't listening to Tom.
I wasn't listening to the radio.
I wasn't listening.
I wasn't living in Australia last year.
I wasn't living in Boston last year.
I wasn't lonely.
I wasn't looking at Tom.
I wasn't looking at her.
I wasn't looking at him.
I wasn't looking at them.
I wasn't looking at you.
I wasn't looking for Tom.
I wasn't looking for anything.
I wasn't looking for her.
I wasn't looking for him.
I wasn't looking for them.
I wasn't looking for you.
I wasn't looking forward to this.
I wasn't looking where I was going.
I wasn't looking.
I wasn't lost.
I wasn't loved.
I wasn't lucky.
I wasn't lying when I said that I loved you.
I wasn't lying.
I wasn't mad at Tom.
I wasn't mad at you.
I wasn't mad.
I wasn't making a move on your boy toy.
I wasn't making fun of Tom.
I wasn't making fun of her.
I wasn't making fun of him.
I wasn't making fun of them.
I wasn't making fun of you.
I wasn't married at that time.
I wasn't married back then.
I wasn't married then.
I wasn't married to Tom at that time.
I wasn't married to Tom in 2013.
I wasn't married when we first met.
I wasn't much better at doing that than Tom and Mary were.
I wasn't much better at doing that than Tom was.
I wasn't much busier than Tom.
I wasn't myself yesterday.
I wasn't myself.
I wasn't nervous about it.
I wasn't nervous.
I wasn't offended by that.
I wasn't offended.
I wasn't offered a job.
I wasn't old enough to do that.
I wasn't old enough to vote at that time.
I wasn't on duty then.
I wasn't on the bus when it crashed.
I wasn't on the committee that made that decision.
I wasn't on the right bus.
I wasn't on the same bus as Tom was.
I wasn't on the same bus as Tom.
I wasn't on time for school this morning.
I wasn't on vacation at that time.
I wasn't once worried about the final results of my exams.
I wasn't optimistic.
I wasn't organized enough.
I wasn't organized.
I wasn't outside yet.
I wasn't overly tired.
I wasn't overweight when I was a kid.
I wasn't particularly interested in what was going on.
I wasn't particularly keen on that idea.
I wasn't patient enough.
I wasn't paying attention because I was writing.
I wasn't paying attention in class today.
I wasn't paying attention in class.
I wasn't paying attention to the teacher.
I wasn't paying attention.
I wasn't penalized.
I wasn't permitted to do that.
I wasn't permitted to make any changes.
I wasn't permitted to see Tom.
I wasn't permitted to see her.
I wasn't permitted to see him.
I wasn't permitted to see them.
I wasn't persuasive enough.
I wasn't planning on doing that until Monday.
I wasn't planning on doing that until Tom asked me to.
I wasn't planning on doing that, but now that you suggest it, I may give it a try.
I wasn't planning on doing that, but now that you suggested it, I might do it.
I wasn't planning on doing that, but now that you suggested it, I might.
I wasn't planning on doing that.
I wasn't planning on it.
I wasn't planning on telling you that.
I wasn't planning on telling you.
I wasn't planning that.
I wasn't planning to do that until Monday.
I wasn't planning to do that until Tom asked me to.
I wasn't planning to do that, but I did.
I wasn't planning to do that, but now that you've suggested it, I might do it.
I wasn't planning to do that, but now that you've suggested it, I might.
I wasn't planning to do that.
I wasn't planning to go to Australia until next week.
I wasn't planning to go to Boston until next week.
I wasn't planning to help, but Tom and Mary were.
I wasn't planning to help, but Tom was.
I wasn't pleased by your rude behavior.
I wasn't pleased.
I wasn't popular in high school.
I wasn't prepared for it at that time.
I wasn't prepared for it.
I wasn't prepared for that to happen.
I wasn't prepared for that.
I wasn't prepared for this surprise.
I wasn't prepared for this yet.
I wasn't prepared for this.
I wasn't prepared for what I found.
I wasn't prepared for what happened.
I wasn't prepared to do that at that time.
I wasn't prepared to do that.
I wasn't prepared.
I wasn't present at that meeting.
I wasn't present at the meeting.
I wasn't present.
I wasn't pretending.
I wasn't proud with my computer.
I wasn't provided legal counsel.
I wasn't punctual.
I wasn't punished.
I wasn't questioning your virility.
I wasn't quick enough.
I wasn't quite sure about that.
I wasn't quite sure how to respond.
I wasn't quite sure what I wanted to do.
I wasn't quite sure what to say.
I wasn't raised a Jehovah's Witness.
I wasn't raised like that.
I wasn't raised that way.
I wasn't ready for a relationship back then.
I wasn't ready for carrying your name.
I wasn't ready for it.
I wasn't ready for that to happen.
I wasn't ready for that.
I wasn't ready for this.
I wasn't ready for what happened.
I wasn't ready for what was about to happen.
I wasn't ready for what was going to happen.
I wasn't ready to be a father.
I wasn't ready to do that at that time.
I wasn't ready to do that.
I wasn't ready to give up.
I wasn't ready to go home yet.
I wasn't ready to go.
I wasn't ready to leave.
I wasn't ready to talk.
I wasn't ready, but Tom and Mary were.
I wasn't ready, but Tom was.
I wasn't ready.
I wasn't really busy.
I wasn't really certain of that.
I wasn't really doing much of anything, so I decided it'd be a good idea to walk down to the cafe.
I wasn't really expecting that to happen.
I wasn't really having fun.
I wasn't really having much fun.
I wasn't really hungry, but I forced myself to eat.
I wasn't really hungry, so I didn't eat anything.
I wasn't really in the mood to go out.
I wasn't really in the mood.
I wasn't really interested.
I wasn't really listening.
I wasn't really motivated to do that.
I wasn't really nervous.
I wasn't really paying attention to what Tom and Mary were saying.
I wasn't really paying attention to what Tom was saying.
I wasn't really paying attention to what was going on.
I wasn't really paying attention.
I wasn't really paying close attention.
I wasn't really planning on doing that.
I wasn't really planning to do that.
I wasn't really planning to do this.
I wasn't really pretending.
I wasn't really satisfied.
I wasn't really supposed to do that.
I wasn't really sure what Tom meant.
I wasn't really surprised when that happened.
I wasn't really thinking about it too much.
I wasn't really trying to convince Tom to do anything.
I wasn't really worried about that.
I wasn't responsible.
I wasn't rich enough to do that.
I wasn't right.
I wasn't sacked.
I wasn't sacked. I handed in my notice.
I wasn't sacked. I resigned.
I wasn't safe there.
I wasn't safe.
I wasn't satisfied with the results.
I wasn't satisfied with the way I did that.
I wasn't satisfied.
I wasn't saying that.
I wasn't scared at all.
I wasn't scared at first.
I wasn't scared of Tom and Mary, but Tom and Mary were scared of me.
I wasn't scared of Tom, but Tom was scared of me.
I wasn't scared of anything.
I wasn't scared one bit.
I wasn't scared to do anything.
I wasn't scared.
I wasn't seasick.
I wasn't selected.
I wasn't serious.
I wasn't seriously hurt.
I wasn't seriously injured.
I wasn't shot.
I wasn't sick then.
I wasn't sick.
I wasn't singing.
I wasn't sleeping in class. I just zoned out for a bit.
I wasn't sleeping.
I wasn't sleepy.
I wasn't smart enough to get into that university.
I wasn't so busy today.
I wasn't so hungry.
I wasn't so lucky.
I wasn't so much sad as I was angry.
I wasn't so sure it was a good idea.
I wasn't sold on their plan at first, but their conviction won me over.
I wasn't speaking English.
I wasn't speaking French.
I wasn't speaking to you. Please mind your own business.
I wasn't spying or anything.
I wasn't staring.
I wasn't stealing anything.
I wasn't strong enough to do that.
I wasn't strong enough to lift the box by myself.
I wasn't strong enough.
I wasn't successful at anything today.
I wasn't suggesting that you do it differently. I was just telling you that there was another way to do it.
I wasn't supposed to be here today.
I wasn't supposed to be there.
I wasn't supposed to come here.
I wasn't supposed to do that, but I did.
I wasn't supposed to do that.
I wasn't supposed to give Tom any money.
I wasn't supposed to help my son do his homework, but I did.
I wasn't supposed to say that.
I wasn't supposed to say yes.
I wasn't supposed to survive.
I wasn't supposed to tell Tom anything about that.
I wasn't supposed to tell Tom that Mary was coming.
I wasn't supposed to tell you that.
I wasn't sure I could do it.
I wasn't sure I could do that.
I wasn't sure I could trust Tom, so I didn't say anything.
I wasn't sure I could trust you before.
I wasn't sure I could trust you.
I wasn't sure I had to do that.
I wasn't sure I needed to do that.
I wasn't sure I really wanted to go to Australia with Tom.
I wasn't sure I really wanted to go to Boston with Tom.
I wasn't sure I should do that.
I wasn't sure I'd be able to do that.
I wasn't sure I'd ever see you again.
I wasn't sure I'd find you here.
I wasn't sure Tom knew when I wanted to do that.
I wasn't sure Tom needed to do that.
I wasn't sure about giving Tom the lead, because he still seemed a bit wet behind the ears to me.
I wasn't sure about that.
I wasn't sure at first what it was.
I wasn't sure at first where to go.
I wasn't sure either.
I wasn't sure how I could help.
I wasn't sure how I was supposed to fill in the form.
I wasn't sure how to answer Tom's question.
I wasn't sure how to fill in the form.
I wasn't sure how to fill out the form.
I wasn't sure how to respond to Tom's question.
I wasn't sure how to respond to Tom's request.
I wasn't sure how to respond to his compliment.
I wasn't sure how to respond.
I wasn't sure if I could do that or not.
I wasn't sure if I had enough money.
I wasn't sure if I liked the painting or not.
I wasn't sure if I should sit in the front or in the back.
I wasn't sure if I wanted Tom to do that.
I wasn't sure if I was dreaming.
I wasn't sure if I was going to make it.
I wasn't sure if Tom could do that or not.
I wasn't sure if Tom had eaten yet.
I wasn't sure if Tom really understood the problem.
I wasn't sure if Tom really understood the question.
I wasn't sure if Tom would do that or not.
I wasn't sure if my cooking skills would impress David.
I wasn't sure if you'd come or not.
I wasn't sure it was you.
I wasn't sure of that until several days later, when he came to me and told me what actually happened.
I wasn't sure that I could do that.
I wasn't sure that I really wanted to go to Australia with Tom.
I wasn't sure that Tom knew when I wanted to do that.
I wasn't sure that Tom would be there.
I wasn't sure that bit of philosophy got us anywhere.
I wasn't sure that he would settle for anything less.
I wasn't sure that my parents would approve that I study Berber.
I wasn't sure that you'd be happy to see me.
I wasn't sure that you'd like that.
I wasn't sure this was where I should be waiting.
I wasn't sure what I should buy.
I wasn't sure what I should do.
I wasn't sure what I was supposed to do.
I wasn't sure what Mary wanted me to buy for her.
I wasn't sure what Tom and Mary wanted me to buy for them.
I wasn't sure what Tom had to do.
I wasn't sure what Tom meant.
I wasn't sure what Tom needed to do.
I wasn't sure what Tom wanted me to buy for Mary.
I wasn't sure what Tom wanted me to buy for him.
I wasn't sure what Tom wanted me to do.
I wasn't sure what Tom wanted to do.
I wasn't sure what happened.
I wasn't sure what it was.
I wasn't sure what size to get.
I wasn't sure what that meant.
I wasn't sure what to do next.
I wasn't sure what to do.
I wasn't sure what to expect.
I wasn't sure what to say.
I wasn't sure what to think.
I wasn't sure what was going on.
I wasn't sure what you meant.
I wasn't sure when I was supposed to be there.
I wasn't sure when I'd get here.
I wasn't sure where I belonged.
I wasn't sure where I should go.
I wasn't sure where I was supposed to wait.
I wasn't sure where to find you.
I wasn't sure where to go.
I wasn't sure whether I should do that or not.
I wasn't sure whether I should press the red button or the blue one.
I wasn't sure whether I should sing or not.
I wasn't sure whether I should sit in the front or in the back.
I wasn't sure whether Tom and Mary were joking or not.
I wasn't sure whether Tom and Mary were still asleep or not.
I wasn't sure whether Tom was joking or not.
I wasn't sure whether Tom was still asleep or not.
I wasn't sure whether he knocked.
I wasn't sure whether she was joking or not.
I wasn't sure whether to press the red button or the blue one.
I wasn't sure which one I should buy.
I wasn't sure which one I should choose.
I wasn't sure which way I should go.
I wasn't sure which way I should turn.
I wasn't sure who I was supposed to talk to.
I wasn't sure why Tom and Mary were late.
I wasn't sure why Tom was late.
I wasn't sure you'd be happy to see me.
I wasn't sure you'd come.
I wasn't sure you'd like that.
I wasn't sure.
I wasn't surprised I couldn't do that.
I wasn't surprised I didn't have to do that.
I wasn't surprised I didn't have to do the same thing that you had to do.
I wasn't surprised I didn't have to do the same thing you had to do.
I wasn't surprised I didn't have to do what you had to do.
I wasn't surprised I didn't need to do that.
I wasn't surprised I had to do that.
I wasn't surprised I wasn't able to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom couldn't do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom did that.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't have to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't have to do the same thing I had to do.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't have to do the same thing that I had to do.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't have to do what I had to do.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't know how to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't know what to do.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't need to do that with us.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't need to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't need to do the same thing I needed to do.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't need to do the same thing that I needed to do.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't want to do that with us.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't want to do that with you.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't want to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom had to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom wanted to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom was able to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom was afraid.
I wasn't surprised Tom was late.
I wasn't surprised Tom was there.
I wasn't surprised Tom wasn't able to do that.
I wasn't surprised at all.
I wasn't surprised by Tom's response.
I wasn't surprised by that.
I wasn't surprised by the news.
I wasn't surprised by the question.
I wasn't surprised by their responses.
I wasn't surprised by what Tom did.
I wasn't surprised or disappointed.
I wasn't surprised that I couldn't do that.
I wasn't surprised that I didn't have to do that.
I wasn't surprised that I didn't have to do the same thing that you had to do.
I wasn't surprised that I didn't have to do the same thing you had to do.
I wasn't surprised that I didn't have to do what you had to do.
I wasn't surprised that I didn't need to do that.
I wasn't surprised that I had to do that.
I wasn't surprised that I wasn't able to do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom and Mary were afraid.
I wasn't surprised that Tom and Mary were late.
I wasn't surprised that Tom and Mary were there.
I wasn't surprised that Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom couldn't do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom did that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't have to do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't have to do the same thing I had to do.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't have to do the same thing as I had to.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't have to do the same things that the rest of us had to do.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't have to do what I had to do.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't know how to do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't know what to do.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't need to do that with us.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't need to do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't need to do the same thing I needed to do.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't want to do that with us.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't want to do that with you.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't want to do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom had to do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom wanted to do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom was able to do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom was afraid.
I wasn't surprised that Tom was late.
I wasn't surprised that Tom was there.
I wasn't surprised that Tom wasn't able to do that.
I wasn't surprised that you needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised to hear that Tom had gotten married.
I wasn't surprised to see Tom at the concert.
I wasn't surprised to see Tom doing that.
I wasn't surprised to see Tom there.
I wasn't surprised to see Tom with Mary.
I wasn't surprised to see Tom.
I wasn't surprised when I heard Tom and Mary had gotten married.
I wasn't surprised when I heard that Tom and Mary had gotten married.
I wasn't surprised when I saw Tom doing that.
I wasn't surprised when Mary told me she wasn't going to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Mary told me what she'd done.
I wasn't surprised when Tom and Mary told me they weren't going to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom and Mary told me what they'd done.
I wasn't surprised when Tom did that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom showed up at my party because Mary told me he'd be coming.
I wasn't surprised when Tom showed up at the party because Mary told me he'd be coming.
I wasn't surprised when Tom showed up.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told Mary he didn't need to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me I didn't have to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me I didn't need to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me I had to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me I needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me Mary didn't have to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me Mary didn't need to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me Mary didn't want to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me Mary had to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me Mary needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me Mary wanted to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me Mary wasn't there.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me about that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me about what had happened.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he didn't have to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he didn't need to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he didn't want to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he didn't want to go to Australia.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he didn't want to go to Boston.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he had to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he wanted me to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he wanted to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he was going to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he wasn't going to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he wasn't going to do that?
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he'd spent his summer vacation in Australia.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he'd spent his summer vacation in Boston.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that I didn't need to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he didn't have to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he didn't need to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he didn't want to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he didn't want to go to Australia.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he didn't want to go to Boston.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he had to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he wanted me to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he wanted to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he wasn't going to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he'd spent his summer vacation in Australia.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he'd spent his summer vacation in Boston.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what Mary had done.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what had happened.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what he had done.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what he was planning on doing.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what he was planning to do.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what he'd done.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me where Mary had gone.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me where he'd gone.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me where he'd spent his summer vacation.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me where he'd spent the summer vacation.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me where the party was going to be.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me why Mary wasn't there.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me why he did that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me why he didn't like Mary.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me why we had to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me why we should do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me you didn't have to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me.
I wasn't surprised when that happened.
I wasn't surprised you needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised.
I wasn't sympathetic.
I wasn't talking about Kabylie.
I wasn't talking about Tom.
I wasn't talking about anyone in particular.
I wasn't talking about her.
I wasn't talking about him.
I wasn't talking about myself.
I wasn't talking about them.
I wasn't talking about you.
I wasn't talking that loud.
I wasn't talking to you.
I wasn't talking.
I wasn't talking...
I wasn't tall enough to reach the books on the top shelf.
I wasn't telling the truth about where I'd been.
I wasn't telling the truth.
I wasn't tempted to do that.
I wasn't that bad.
I wasn't that busy that day.
I wasn't that hungry.
I wasn't that into it at first, but it's caught my interest over time.
I wasn't that smart in school.
I wasn't that thirsty.
I wasn't the drunkest person at the party.
I wasn't the first one here today.
I wasn't the first one to decide to do that.
I wasn't the first one to do that.
I wasn't the first one to try to do that.
I wasn't the first one to volunteer to help Tom and Mary do that.
I wasn't the first one to volunteer to help Tom do that.
I wasn't the first person here today.
I wasn't the first person here.
I wasn't the first person the police arrested.
I wasn't the first person to get here today.
I wasn't the last one to do that.
I wasn't the most popular kid in school, but I had a lot of friends.
I wasn't the one driving the car.
I wasn't the one giving orders.
I wasn't the one singing.
I wasn't the one that complained.
I wasn't the one that decorated the room.
I wasn't the one that told Tom to leave.
I wasn't the one who actually did that.
I wasn't the one who advised Tom not to do that.
I wasn't the one who advised Tom to do that.
I wasn't the one who advised Tom to stop doing that.
I wasn't the one who asked Tom to clean the bathtub.
I wasn't the one who asked Tom to do that.
I wasn't the one who ate all the cookies.
I wasn't the one who ate all the ice cream.
I wasn't the one who ate your sandwich.
I wasn't the one who borrowed Tom's car.
I wasn't the one who broke it.
I wasn't the one who broke the window.
I wasn't the one who broke this window.
I wasn't the one who called you. It was Tom.
I wasn't the one who caused the accident.
I wasn't the one who chose this wine.
I wasn't the one who cleaned your room.
I wasn't the one who closed the door.
I wasn't the one who complained.
I wasn't the one who convinced Tom not to do that.
I wasn't the one who convinced Tom to do that.
I wasn't the one who cut Tom's hair.
I wasn't the one who decorated the room.
I wasn't the one who did that.
I wasn't the one who did this.
I wasn't the one who drank Tom's wine.
I wasn't the one who drank all the milk.
I wasn't the one who drew that picture.
I wasn't the one who drew this.
I wasn't the one who fixed it, but I'll pass along your thanks.
I wasn't the one who found Tom's keys.
I wasn't the one who gave Tom Mary's phone number.
I wasn't the one who gave Tom that.
I wasn't the one who gave that to Tom.
I wasn't the one who got injured.
I wasn't the one who got lost.
I wasn't the one who had to deal with that.
I wasn't the one who helped Tom and Mary do that.
I wasn't the one who helped Tom do that.
I wasn't the one who helped Tom.
I wasn't the one who hired Tom.
I wasn't the one who hired her.
I wasn't the one who hired him.
I wasn't the one who hired them.
I wasn't the one who hit Tom.
I wasn't the one who just burped.
I wasn't the one who just farted.
I wasn't the one who killed Tom's dog.
I wasn't the one who killed Tom.
I wasn't the one who kissed Tom.
I wasn't the one who locked the door.
I wasn't the one who made Tom cry.
I wasn't the one who moved the desk.
I wasn't the one who opened the door.
I wasn't the one who opened the windows.
I wasn't the one who paid the bill.
I wasn't the one who poisoned Tom.
I wasn't the one who pulled the trigger.
I wasn't the one who put out the fire.
I wasn't the one who said that.
I wasn't the one who sang at Tom and Mary's wedding.
I wasn't the one who shot Tom's dog.
I wasn't the one who showed Tom how to do that.
I wasn't the one who started the fight.
I wasn't the one who stole Tom's car.
I wasn't the one who taught Tom how to do that.
I wasn't the one who taught Tom how to drive.
I wasn't the one who taught you that, was I?
I wasn't the one who told Mary she couldn't do that.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she didn't have to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she didn't need to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she had to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she needed to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she needed to help Tom.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she should do that.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she shouldn't do that.
I wasn't the one who told Mary that she couldn't be here.
I wasn't the one who told Tom about what happened.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary that they couldn't be here.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they couldn't do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they didn't have to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they didn't need to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they had to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they needed to help John.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they should do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he couldn't do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he didn't have to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he didn't need to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he had to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he needed to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he needed to help Mary.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he should do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he shouldn't do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom how to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom not to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom not to help.
I wasn't the one who told Tom that he couldn't be here.
I wasn't the one who told Tom that he couldn't do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom that he shouldn't do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom to leave.
I wasn't the one who told Tom to sing.
I wasn't the one who told Tom what happened.
I wasn't the one who told Tom where Mary lives.
I wasn't the one who told you that.
I wasn't the one who wanted Tom to do that.
I wasn't the one who was singing.
I wasn't the one who wrote that letter.
I wasn't the one who wrote that message.
I wasn't the one who wrote this letter.
I wasn't the one who wrote this song.
I wasn't the one who wrote this.
I wasn't the one who yelled for help.
I wasn't the one who yelled.
I wasn't the only Canadian in the room.
I wasn't the only Canadian on the bus.
I wasn't the only Canadian on the team.
I wasn't the only one allowed to do that.
I wasn't the only one at the meeting who knew why Tom wasn't there.
I wasn't the only one at the party who fell asleep.
I wasn't the only one in the room that couldn't speak French.
I wasn't the only one in the room who knew Tom hated Mary.
I wasn't the only one in the room who knew that Tom had been arrested.
I wasn't the only one in the room who knew that Tom hated Mary.
I wasn't the only one in the room.
I wasn't the only one that did that.
I wasn't the only one that got arrested.
I wasn't the only one that got caught.
I wasn't the only one to do so.
I wasn't the only one to see him beating his wife.
I wasn't the only one who asked Tom to stop doing that.
I wasn't the only one who did that.
I wasn't the only one who didn't eat breakfast.
I wasn't the only one who didn't get enough to eat.
I wasn't the only one who didn't know Tom.
I wasn't the only one who didn't know what to do.
I wasn't the only one who didn't like that film.
I wasn't the only one who failed the test.
I wasn't the only one who failed.
I wasn't the only one who fell.
I wasn't the only one who got caught.
I wasn't the only one who got up early this morning.
I wasn't the only one who had to do that.
I wasn't the only one who knew what was going to happen.
I wasn't the only one who knew where Tom hid his money.
I wasn't the only one who looked stupid.
I wasn't the only one who made promises.
I wasn't the only one who needed help.
I wasn't the only one who needed to do that.
I wasn't the only one who showed up late.
I wasn't the only one who stayed up all night.
I wasn't the only one who wanted to do that.
I wasn't the only one who wanted to leave the party early.
I wasn't the only one who was absent.
I wasn't the only one who was allowed to do that.
I wasn't the only one who was busy.
I wasn't the only one who was drinking dark beer.
I wasn't the only one who was here that day.
I wasn't the only one who was hungry.
I wasn't the only one who was late.
I wasn't the only one who was permitted to do that.
I wasn't the only one who was there.
I wasn't the only one who was unhappy.
I wasn't the only person Tom talked to.
I wasn't the only person in the pool.
I wasn't the shortest person in the room.
I wasn't the team leader.
I wasn't the worst player in our team.
I wasn't the worst player on our team.
I wasn't there alone.
I wasn't there alone. Tom was there with me.
I wasn't there at that time.
I wasn't there that night.
I wasn't there this morning.
I wasn't there when Tom arrived.
I wasn't there when Tom did that.
I wasn't there when it happened.
I wasn't there when that happened.
I wasn't there with Tom.
I wasn't there yesterday, but I'm going there today.
I wasn't there yesterday.
I wasn't there, so I couldn't help Tom.
I wasn't there, so Tom couldn't have seen me.
I wasn't there.
I wasn't there; I simply state What was told to me by the Chinese plate!
I wasn't thinking about anything else.
I wasn't thinking clearly.
I wasn't thinking straight.
I wasn't thinking that.
I wasn't thinking.
I wasn't thirsty.
I wasn't through doing that.
I wasn't throwing rocks at anybody.
I wasn't throwing rocks at anyone.
I wasn't tired then.
I wasn't tired.
I wasn't told I needed a visa.
I wasn't told a thing about it.
I wasn't told anything about that.
I wasn't told anything.
I wasn't told much to study in my home. It's because before tests I used to concentrate and study quite a bit.
I wasn't told not to do that.
I wasn't told that I needed a visa.
I wasn't told that.
I wasn't told the reason.
I wasn't told the truth.
I wasn't told where we were going.
I wasn't told why Tom and Mary weren't allowed to see me.
I wasn't told why Tom and Mary weren't there.
I wasn't told why Tom wasn't allowed to meet me.
I wasn't told why Tom wasn't allowed to see me.
I wasn't told why Tom wasn't there.
I wasn't told.
I wasn't too busy.
I wasn't too hungry.
I wasn't too impressed.
I wasn't too nervous.
I wasn't too sure about it.
I wasn't too sure what to think.
I wasn't too surprised.
I wasn't too tired.
I wasn't too worried about Tom.
I wasn't too worried.
I wasn't totally surprised.
I wasn't trapped.
I wasn't troubled by what happened.
I wasn't trying to be a hero.
I wasn't trying to be funny.
I wasn't trying to be hero.
I wasn't trying to be sarcastic.
I wasn't trying to do it on purpose.
I wasn't trying to fool anyone.
I wasn't trying to hide anything.
I wasn't trying to hurt anybody.
I wasn't trying to hurt anyone.
I wasn't trying to kill anybody.
I wasn't trying to kill anyone.
I wasn't trying to make a move or anything.
I wasn't trying to mislead anyone.
I wasn't trying to show off.
I wasn't trying to steal his girl.
I wasn't trying to suggest anything.
I wasn't trying to trick you.
I wasn't unconscious.
I wasn't understood.
I wasn't unfaithful.
I wasn't unhappy.
I wasn't unlucky.
I wasn't used to doing that.
I wasn't used to it.
I wasn't used to that tent.
I wasn't used to that.
I wasn't usually home when the lawn was cut, so all I ever saw were the results.
I wasn't very amused by what was going on.
I wasn't very athletic when I was young.
I wasn't very busy anyway.
I wasn't very busy today.
I wasn't very busy.
I wasn't very cold.
I wasn't very concerned.
I wasn't very difficult to get along with.
I wasn't very effective.
I wasn't very efficient.
I wasn't very fluent in French back then.
I wasn't very good at French when I was in college, but I've gotten better.
I wasn't very good at dancing when I was a teenager.
I wasn't very good at it.
I wasn't very good at speaking French until Tom and I started speaking French to each other every day.
I wasn't very good at speaking French when I first moved here.
I wasn't very good at sports when I was younger.
I wasn't very good at swimming until I took swimming lessons.
I wasn't very happy at being interrupted.
I wasn't very hungry anyway.
I wasn't very hungry when I got home, but I'm really hungry now.
I wasn't very hungry, so I decided to eat later.
I wasn't very hungry, so I didn't eat much.
I wasn't very hungry, so I didn't finish my dinner.
I wasn't very hungry.
I wasn't very impressed by that.
I wasn't very impressed.
I wasn't very interested in anything that was happening.
I wasn't very interested in doing that.
I wasn't very interested in what Tom was doing.
I wasn't very interested in what Tom was talking about.
I wasn't very interested in what was going on.
I wasn't very interested in what was happening.
I wasn't very late.
I wasn't very lonely.
I wasn't very lucky.
I wasn't very motivated to do that.
I wasn't very motivated.
I wasn't very nervous.
I wasn't very popular in junior high school.
I wasn't very satisfied with today's performance.
I wasn't very scared.
I wasn't very sleepy, so I stayed up and watched a movie.
I wasn't very sleepy, so I stayed up for another three hours.
I wasn't very sleepy, so I stayed up for three more hours.
I wasn't very sleepy.
I wasn't very surprised.
I wasn't very thirsty.
I wasn't very tired.
I wasn't very worried about that.
I wasn't very worried.
I wasn't waiting for Tom.
I wasn't waiting for you today.
I wasn't waiting for you.
I wasn't watching you.
I wasn't watching.
I wasn't wealthy at that time.
I wasn't wearing a coat.
I wasn't wearing a hat.
I wasn't wearing a helmet.
I wasn't wearing a jacket.
I wasn't wearing a life jacket.
I wasn't wearing a lifejacket.
I wasn't wearing a name tag.
I wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
I wasn't wearing a tie.
I wasn't wearing a uniform.
I wasn't wearing anything other than socks and a pickelhaube, a German WWI helmet.
I wasn't wearing anything.
I wasn't wearing jeans yesterday.
I wasn't wearing my boots.
I wasn't wearing my seat belt.
I wasn't wearing my seatbelt.
I wasn't wearing my uniform then.
I wasn't wearing shoes at that time.
I wasn't wearing socks, so my feet got cold.
I wasn't wearing socks.
I wasn't welcomed there.
I wasn't well, but it wasn't life-threatening either.
I wasn't well.
I wasn't willing to admit I'd made a mistake.
I wasn't willing to admit that I'd made a mistake.
I wasn't willing to compromise.
I wasn't willing to do that for Tom.
I wasn't willing to do that.
I wasn't willing to do what Tom asked me to do.
I wasn't willing to do what Tom asked.
I wasn't willing to give up.
I wasn't willing to help.
I wasn't willing to pay such a high price.
I wasn't willing to spend that much money.
I wasn't willing to wait.
I wasn't with Tom yesterday afternoon.
I wasn't with Tom.
I wasn't with you at that time.
I wasn't with you.
I wasn't woken up by the noise.
I wasn't working here at that time.
I wasn't working that night.
I wasn't working with Tom on that project.
I wasn't working.
I wasn't worried about Tom.
I wasn't worried about getting caught.
I wasn't worried about getting fired.
I wasn't worried about getting lost.
I wasn't worried about it.
I wasn't worried about that.
I wasn't worried about the money.
I wasn't worried about what might happen.
I wasn't worried.
I wasn't writing anything.
I wasn't wrong about that.
I wasn't wrong.
I wasn't yelling.
I wasn't yet asleep at that time.
I wasn't yet married at that time.
I wasn’t able to believe him at first.
I wasn’t able to come because of the rain.
I wasn’t always happy.
I wasn’t at my best today.
I wasn’t aware that the toilet and the bath are in the same room in America.
I wasn’t aware that you were so ill.
I wasn’t aware.
I wasn’t being mindful and got on a wrong bus by mistake.
I wasn’t blamed for anything.
I wasn’t born yesterday!
I wasn’t busy last week.
I wasn’t busy yesterday.
I wasn’t conscious of anyone watching me.
I wasn’t content to work under him.
I wasn’t counting on that.
I wasn’t dancing!
I wasn’t feeling very well.
I wasn’t fired. I quit.
I wasn’t following the conversation.
I wasn’t happy, but it seemed reasonable that his prices should go up like everything else, so I agreed.
I wasn’t in my office.
I wasn’t in time for school this morning.
I wasn’t listening to the radio.
I wasn’t on time for school this morning.
I wasn’t present at the meeting.
I wasn’t really in the mood to go out.
I wasn’t so much sad as I was angry.
I wasn’t supposed to help my son do his homework, but I did.
I wasn’t supposed to tell you that.
I wasn’t sure that he would settle for anything less.
I wasn’t the last to leave the office.
I wasn’t usually home when the lawn was cut, so all I ever saw were the results.
I waste a lot of time daydreaming.
I wasted a fortune and five years of my life for a degree I actually hate.
I wasted a lot of money in gambling.
I wasted a lot of time trying to do that.
I wasted all morning going from one place to the next.
I wasted all morning waiting for you.
I wasted away to skin and bone.
I wasted energy.
I wasted money.
I wasted my day off on a social gaming event.
I wasted so much time not knowing how to view this site.
I wasted three hours trying to fix this.
I wasted time.
I wasted too much time looking for you.
I wasted too much time searching for you.
I watch Korean dramas with my parents.
I watch NatGeo every day.
I watch PBS.
I watch TV a lot.
I watch TV after I finish my homework.
I watch TV after supper.
I watch TV all day.
I watch TV all the time.
I watch TV almost every day.
I watch TV almost every evening.
I watch TV almost every night.
I watch TV daily.
I watch TV every day.
I watch TV every evening.
I watch TV every night.
I watch TV now and then.
I watch TV off and on.
I watch TV twice a week.
I watch TV.
I watch a football match on television with my friend.
I watch a lot of TV shows after work.
I watch a lot of TV.
I watch a lot of anime, so I doubt I'll experience culture shock when I go to Japan.
I watch a lot of basketball.
I watch a lot of films.
I watch a lot of gangster movies.
I watch a lot of interesting videos in Berber.
I watch a lot of movies.
I watch a lot of sports on TV.
I watch a lot of videos.
I watch a movie or documentary almost every day.
I watch all the adverts, in case they advertise something I need.
I watch birds while walking in the forest.
I watch every episode.
I watch everything in Berber.
I watch football alone.
I watch football.
I watch her leave.
I watch it almost every day.
I watch lots of movies.
I watch movies almost every day.
I watch movies in Berber.
I watch movies in English on YouTube.
I watch my weight very carefully.
I watch over your safety.
I watch some television almost every day.
I watch sports all weekend.
I watch television after supper.
I watch television all day long.
I watch television before I study.
I watch television every day.
I watch television in the evening.
I watch television twice a week.
I watch television with my daughter.
I watch television.
I watch telly in the evening.
I watch that channel all the time.
I watch the BBC.
I watch the birds.
I watch the evening news while I eat dinner.
I watch the news almost every day.
I watch the news every evening.
I watch the news every morning.
I watch the sky shift colors at dusk, a fleeting masterpiece.
I watch their webcast once a week.
I watch this movie every year.
I watch too much TV.
I watch too much television.
I watch very little television.
I watch videos.
I watch you come here a lot.
I watched "The Godfather."
I watched Doraemon a lot when I was a kid. But I had no idea he was so large!
I watched Ghost in the Shell today.
I watched John and Mary walking hand in hand.
I watched TV after I finished my homework.
I watched TV after I washed the dishes.
I watched TV after finishing my homework.
I watched TV after supper.
I watched TV as I ate.
I watched TV at six last night.
I watched TV during my breaks.
I watched TV for about three hours yesterday.
I watched TV for two hours yesterday.
I watched TV last night.
I watched TV only to waste an hour.
I watched TV this morning.
I watched TV with Tom.
I watched TV yesterday.
I watched TV.
I watched The Forgotten Hill.
I watched TikTok tutorials.
I watched Tom and Mary do that.
I watched Tom carefully.
I watched Tom closely.
I watched Tom cross the street.
I watched Tom die.
I watched Tom do it.
I watched Tom do that.
I watched Tom doing it.
I watched Tom doing that.
I watched Tom drawing.
I watched Tom eat.
I watched Tom eating.
I watched Tom get into his car.
I watched Tom get into the car.
I watched Tom get on his horse.
I watched Tom get on his motorcycle.
I watched Tom go.
I watched Tom leave.
I watched Tom reloading his gun.
I watched Tom ride away on his bicycle.
I watched Tom swim laps.
I watched Tom swim.
I watched Tom walk away and wondered where he was going.
I watched Tom walk away.
I watched Tom's new video, but I didn't like it.
I watched Tom.
I watched X-files the movie.
I watched a Canadian movie last night.
I watched a French movie subtitled in English.
I watched a French movie with English subtitles.
I watched a Swedish movie last night.
I watched a TV debate on last night.
I watched a baseball game on television.
I watched a basketball game on TV last night.
I watched a cartoon with Tom after dinner.
I watched a cat chase a dog.
I watched a debate on television last night.
I watched a documentary about sushi.
I watched a documentary.
I watched a film.
I watched a flick.
I watched a great movie recently.
I watched a great movie yesterday.
I watched a lot of anime from Japan. They are truly a treasure trove of imagination.
I watched a movie in French with English subtitles.
I watched a movie in the cinema today.
I watched a movie on video.
I watched a movie with Tom.
I watched a movie with her.
I watched a movie with him.
I watched a movie with my friend in my room.
I watched a movie with them.
I watched a movie yesterday afternoon.
I watched a movie.
I watched a ring of smoke that floated from his cigar into the air.
I watched a romantic comedy.
I watched a satirical instructional video on becoming a cult leader.
I watched a single GIF animation that lasted five minutes.
I watched a tennis match on TV.
I watched a ton of videos in Berber.
I watched all my movies.
I watched all three seasons in one night.
I watched an American drama.
I watched an old movie on TV.
I watched anxiously to see what might happen.
I watched as Tom got into a car.
I watched as a happy couple walked by, arm in arm.
I watched as my grandmother pulled a golden butter pie from the oven.
I watched baseball on TV after I finished my homework.
I watched baseball.
I watched carefully.
I watched closely.
I watched curiously.
I watched every episode.
I watched everything.
I watched for the last chance.
I watched from the garage window, amazed at what I saw.
I watched her carefully.
I watched her closely.
I watched her die.
I watched her from afar.
I watched her leave.
I watched her sleeping.
I watched her with fascinated eyes.
I watched her.
I watched him carefully.
I watched him closely.
I watched him cross the street.
I watched him die.
I watched him from afar.
I watched him leave.
I watched him.
I watched his Adam's apple move as he talked.
I watched how they made escalivada on TV.
I watched how you made it.
I watched it happen.
I watched it in chronological order.
I watched it in one go.
I watched it on Dailymotion.
I watched it on YouTube.
I watched it religiously.
I watched it with Tom.
I watched my favorite TV show all day long.
I watched my favorite shows in Berber.
I watched nervously.
I watched some rare episodes of my favorite police procedural.
I watched television after having my meal.
I watched television during a break in my studies.
I watched television instead of studying.
I watched television yesterday.
I watched that happen.
I watched that new film about giraffes; I didn't like it.
I watched that old building being torn down.
I watched the 4th season of X-files.
I watched the TV without changing the channel.
I watched the Youtube video.
I watched the baseball game last night.
I watched the basketball game on TV.
I watched the birds on the balcony while drinking my coffee.
I watched the car disappearing slowly around the corner.
I watched the concert live.
I watched the deer for a little bit.
I watched the entire TV series.
I watched the expedition as it set off.
I watched the film named "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" with my girlfriend yesterday. She was very afraid.
I watched the film named "The Demon's Sacrifice" with my girlfriend yesterday. She was very afraid.
I watched the film named "The Demon’s Sacrifice" with my girlfriend yesterday. She was very afraid.
I watched the film.
I watched the first lecture and read the syllabus.
I watched the game from beginning to end.
I watched the game from start to finish.
I watched the game highlights on the Internet.
I watched the game live.
I watched the huge fire.
I watched the movie "Waltz with Bashir." I liked it.
I watched the movie in Berber.
I watched the movie like a million times.
I watched the movie with Tom.
I watched the movie.
I watched the news on TV after supper.
I watched the news.
I watched the old woman cross the street.
I watched the play from beginning to end.
I watched the same GIF for about five minutes.
I watched the sinking ship.
I watched the sun rise over the city.
I watched the sunlight criss-cross the lawn, wishing to be anywhere but here.
I watched the treeline.
I watched the whole movie.
I watched the whole thing.
I watched the wife kill her own son.
I watched them carefully.
I watched them closely.
I watched them demolish that old building.
I watched them destroy the old building.
I watched them die.
I watched them leave.
I watched them skin a human being that day.
I watched them.
I watched this movie last night and I really liked it.
I watched three movies on the plane.
I watched three movies yesterday.
I watched what was happening.
I watched what was unfolding in front of my eyes with bated breath.
I watched you.
I watched your rehearsal.
I watched your videos several times, and now I speak English very well with my friends. Thank you very much.
I watched your videos several times, and now I speak English very well.
I watched.
I water it with my tears.
I water our lawn several times a week.
I water the flowers in the garden every day.
I water the flowers.
I water their garden.
I water these flowers every day.
I watered my horse.
I watered one.
I watered the flowers.
I watered the garden.
I waved Tom back.
I waved at Tom who was on the other side of the street.
I waved at that man.
I waved back at him.
I waved back.
I waved good bye and then walked away.
I waved goodbye and then walked away.
I waved goodbye.
I waved him back.
I waved my hand to them.
I waved my hand.
I waved the flag.
I waved to Tom and Mary and they waved back.
I waved to Tom and he waved back.
I waved to everyone.
I waved, but he was unconcerned.
I waved.
I waver in my mind, a place just for me.
I waxed Tom's car for him.
I waxed Tom's car.
I waxed the floor the day before yesterday.
I we do that, we'll probably both end up in jail.
I we do that, we'll probably both end up in prison.
I wear a Kabyle dress.
I wear a P size on my hips and take a larger size underbust.
I wear a floral dress.
I wear a hat whenever I go outside.
I wear a hooded lace veil to church.
I wear a sad look.
I wear a size 37.
I wear a straw hat in summer.
I wear a suit and tie.
I wear a suit but wear no tie.
I wear a suit, but not a tie.
I wear a tie almost every day.
I wear a tie every day.
I wear a watch.
I wear a wedding ring.
I wear a wig.
I wear a yellow skirt and white shoes.
I wear an overcoat in the winter.
I wear boots all the time.
I wear boxers.
I wear contact lenses.
I wear cool clothes and cool sunglasses.
I wear designer clothes myself.
I wear earrings.
I wear flannel pajamas.
I wear glasses only for reading.
I wear glasses to be able to see well.
I wear glasses, but I sometimes forget that I'm wearing them.
I wear glasses.
I wear gloves in winter.
I wear heels bigger than your dick.
I wear jeans almost every day.
I wear jeans every day.
I wear knee pads when I go rollerblading.
I wear makeup as a form of self-expression.
I wear many hats.
I wear my coat to rags.
I wear my coat.
I wear my heart on my sleeve.
I wear my old coat in weather like this.
I wear myself down enough for the both of us.
I wear pants, a shirt, and shoes.
I wear ragged clothes.
I wear shoes inside the house.
I wear short-sleeve shirts in the summer.
I wear shorts all the time.
I wear size six gloves.
I wear socks.
I wear sunglasses almost every day.
I wear sunglasses at night.
I wear sunglasses to protect my eyes from the sun.
I wear the same size shoes Tom does.
I wear the same size shoes as Tom does.
I wear the same size shoes that Tom does.
I wear thick tights in winter.
I wear this tinfoil hat to keep the Pentagon from spying on me.
I wear very good shoes.
I wear what I want to wear.
I wear what I want to.
I wear what I want.
I wear white shirts on weekdays.
I weeded my garden.
I weep for my lost youth.
I weigh 100 kilos. It's time to hit the gym.
I weigh 130 pounds.
I weigh 200 pounds.
I weigh 58 kilograms.
I weigh 70 kilos, give or take a few kilos.
I weigh a lot less than Tom does.
I weigh a lot less than Tom.
I weigh a lot more than Tom does.
I weigh a lot more than Tom.
I weigh a lot more than you do.
I weigh a lot more than you.
I weigh about 60 kilos.
I weigh about three kilograms less than Tom does.
I weigh about three kilograms less than Tom.
I weigh four pounds less now.
I weigh less than you.
I weigh more than Skura does.
I weigh much more than you do.
I weigh much more than you.
I weigh myself on a scale every day.
I weigh myself.
I weigh pros and cons endlessly.
I weigh two kilograms less now.
I weighed everything.
I weighed forty pounds.
I weighed it.
I weighed myself on the bathroom scales.
I weighed myself.
I weighed the fruit.
I welcome any corrections or additions to these minutes.
I welcome death.
I welcome her who visited me.
I welcome him who arrived at my home.
I welcome new possibilities.
I welcome the challenge of being an underdog. There's nothing wrong with me or my game.
I welcome the idea of hiring a maid to help out in the household chores.
I welcome this kind of examination because people have got to know whether or not their President is a crook. Well, I'm not a crook. I've earned everything I've got.
I welcome you to the 21st century, o you born in the 20th century!
I welcome your decision.
I welcome your input on the matter.
I welcome your suggestions.
I welcome your thoughts.
I welcomed Tom with open arms.
I welcomed everyone.
I welded one.
I went a different way.
I went aboard the bus.
I went aboard.
I went about to do my own business.
I went about with my dog.
I went abroad to start a new life.
I went abroad.
I went across the road.
I went across the square.
I went across the street to the bakery.
I went after Tom.
I went after him, but I lost him in the crowd.
I went ahead and ate your dinner since you weren't here.
I went ahead and did it.
I went ahead and did that.
I went ahead on the road.
I went all over her curves, all night, without wearying.
I went all the way to see her only to find her away from home.
I went all the way to see him only to find him not at home.
I went all the way to see my doctor, only to find him absent.
I went all the way to see my friend, only to find him absent.
I went and bought some cream puffs. Do you want any?
I went and bought ten sheep all in one go.
I went and gambled with all the money.
I went and got a body check-up.
I went and hid in the barn.
I went around Hokkaido by bike this summer.
I went around from one house to another.
I went as far as Germany but I didn't have time to visit Alexander.
I went as far as Kyoto by train.
I went as far as London by car.
I went as far as the Crystal Palace.
I went as far as the post office.
I went as soon as I was asked.
I went at once; otherwise I should have missed him.
I went away for a weekend.
I went away to the mountains to forget my routine and finally feel free.
I went away without saying a word.
I went away.
I went back and checked your old records.
I went back and finished my degree.
I went back downstairs.
I went back home, then I went out with my friends.
I went back home.
I went back inside the store.
I went back inside.
I went back into my room.
I went back into the house.
I went back into the room.
I went back outside.
I went back to Algeria.
I went back to Algiers.
I went back to Australia last month for a week.
I went back to Australia.
I went back to Boston last weekend.
I went back to Boston.
I went back to Japan.
I went back to Kabylie, Algeria.
I went back to Kabylie.
I went back to bed after I talked to Tom on the phone.
I went back to bed and slept for another three hours.
I went back to bed and slept for three more hours.
I went back to bed soaked.
I went back to bed.
I went back to class.
I went back to focusing on driving.
I went back to my favorite pub, only to see seats with faces that I didn't recognize.
I went back to my hometown for the first time in ten years.
I went back to my hotel.
I went back to my seat.
I went back to my tent and crawled into my sleeping bag.
I went back to my van.
I went back to my village during the summer vacation.
I went back to my village this spring.
I went back to school.
I went back to sleep.
I went back to the bar.
I went back to the campsite.
I went back to the car with him.
I went back to the game.
I went back to the home page.
I went back to the house.
I went back to the post office.
I went back to the tent and relaxed.
I went back to the tent.
I went back to the window and looked out.
I went back to translation today.
I went back to work.
I went back upstairs.
I went behind a tree.
I went blind at age 14.
I went blind for a week.
I went blind.
I went bungee jumping for the first time today.
I went by boat.
I went by bus as far as London.
I went by bus.
I went by car.
I went by myself.
I went by plane.
I went by there last night.
I went by train.
I went camping in the Japan Alps with my club.
I went camping in the forest.
I went camping last summer.
I went camping with my family.
I went climbing in the Alps.
I went clothes shopping today.
I went completely deaf.
I went completely red.
I went crazy.
I went cycling even though it rained.
I went dancing on the ice exactly once.
I went down by elevator.
I went down in the lift.
I went down the hill.
I went down the slide.
I went down the slope, falling again and again.
I went down the stairs and into the hall, where I found the commissionnaire fast asleep in his box, with the kettle boiling furiously upon the spirit-lamp. I took off the kettle and blew out the lamp, for the water was spurting over the floor.
I went down the stairs.
I went down this road without even realizing it.
I went down to Tizi, I heard a fly.
I went down to his level.
I went down to the basement.
I went down to the city.
I went down to the poolside.
I went down to the sports office to sign up for the last position on the basketball team, but somebody else beat me to it.
I went down to the third floor.
I went downstairs after Tom fell asleep.
I went downstairs and carried the dog upstairs in my arms.
I went downstairs and turned off the light.
I went downstairs to eat something.
I went downstairs to get some milk and cookies.
I went downstairs.
I went downtown the day before yesterday.
I went downtown this afternoon.
I went downtown to do some shopping.
I went downtown to meet Tom.
I went downtown yesterday.
I went drinking last night with Tom.
I went duck hunting last weekend.
I went early from home and therefore got the train.
I went easy on Tom.
I went fanging down the highway like a dog with its arse on fire.
I went farther.
I went fast.
I went first.
I went fishing again last weekend.
I went fishing in Kabylie.
I went fishing in the river yesterday.
I went fishing in the river.
I went fishing last Monday.
I went fishing this morning, but didn't catch anything.
I went fishing three times last month.
I went fishing with Tom last weekend.
I went fishing with Tom.
I went fishing with her.
I went fishing with him.
I went fishing with my brother in the river.
I went fishing with them.
I went fishing.
I went food shopping.
I went for Tom.
I went for a drive in the country.
I went for a drive to clear my head.
I went for a drive.
I went for a little walk.
I went for a long walk.
I went for a short walk.
I went for a stroll.
I went for a swim in the river.
I went for a swim.
I went for a walk after I finished work.
I went for a walk after breakfast.
I went for a walk around the city.
I went for a walk early in the morning.
I went for a walk in the park.
I went for a walk on the beach.
I went for a walk to get some air.
I went for a walk to try to sober up.
I went for a walk with a friend.
I went for a walk with my dog.
I went for a walk with my son.
I went for a walk.
I went for a wank.
I went for an evening walk in the park.
I went for help.
I went from Boston to Chicago by car.
I went from door to door trying to sell encyclopedias.
I went grocery shopping.
I went hiking and now I have a friction rash from wearing an ankle brace.
I went hiking in West Virginia five years ago.
I went hiking with Tom last weekend.
I went hiking with the group.
I went hiking.
I went home alone.
I went home and Bill stayed at the office.
I went home and ate a hearty breakfast.
I went home and cried.
I went home and immediately started working on the book report.
I went home and told my wife about the job I'd been offered in Australia.
I went home and told my wife about the job in Boston.
I went home angry.
I went home as soon as I'd finished my work.
I went home because it was getting late.
I went home because it was late.
I went home by train.
I went home early.
I went home for the holidays.
I went home frustrated.
I went home in order to change my clothes.
I went home on foot.
I went home that night.
I went home to bed.
I went home to change clothes.
I went home to change my clothes.
I went home to change.
I went home upset.
I went home without buying anything.
I went home, because he was late.
I went home.
I went hunting last night.
I went hunting.
I went in Tom's place.
I went in and saw my husband talking with some neat gentlemen.
I went in before Tom.
I went in the direction my friend indicated.
I went in the old house.
I went in there.
I went in to complain about him to his dad.
I went in, took my shoes off and started to watch telly.
I went in.
I went inside and locked the door behind me.
I went inside the cabin.
I went inside the house and talked to the owner.
I went inside the house.
I went inside to drink coffee.
I went inside to take a leak and wash my face.
I went inside, took off my shoes and flopped down in front of the television.
I went inside.
I went instead of Tom.
I went into Skura’s office.
I went into Tom's bedroom.
I went into Tom's room.
I went into a bookshop.
I went into a children's shop.
I went into a state of depression.
I went into a tearoom, where I happened to see him.
I went into an Italian pizzeria.
I went into details.
I went into exile.
I went into partnership with him.
I went into the air force.
I went into the army.
I went into the cave.
I went into the closet.
I went into the forest.
I went into the grove with him.
I went into the hallway.
I went into the house.
I went into the kitchen to get a cup of coffee.
I went into the kitchen to make myself something to eat.
I went into the library, where I happened to meet Ann.
I went into the library; where I happened to meet Ann.
I went into the mosque.
I went into the mountains.
I went into the museum.
I went into the navy.
I went into the old house.
I went into the room, where I found the children sitting on the sofa.
I went into the shop to buy a birthday card for Tom.
I went into the supermarket to buy chocolate rather than peaches.
I went into the tent.
I went into the town in search of a good restaurant.
I went into the tunnel.
I went into the wrong room.
I went into your school.
I went last time. You two can go this time.
I went later than usual, after noon, to the Lulu Island pizzeria on the greyish 23rd of March of 2022. At the cashier, in front of me, were handsome Mormon proselytizers, one thick and the other thin, ordering pizza. They had ties and eyeglasses on. Facing away, at the counter, the thinner one, still waiting for his order, sat to the left of the thicker one, already devouring his pizza. From his pizza, the thicker one handed the other a pineapple chunk, which he gulped. Metaphorically, they were like Lojban and Esperanto, or Animism and Buddhism, maybe. I ate two slices and drank a diet coke at my usual northwestern corner. A woman reminiscent of my mother came in to order. Maybe, my mother was like the pagan Earth Mother Goddess for some.
I went livid.
I went looking for pretty shells as a present!
I went night-fishing with Tom.
I went not once, but twice.
I went off into my room as soon as I entered the house.
I went off of the road.
I went off the road.
I went on a backpacking trip.
I went on a bicycle.
I went on a car trip with a friend.
I went on a date with a Kabyle girl.
I went on a one-week camping trip.
I went on a picnic last weekend.
I went on a road trip.
I went on a ten-day trip to Easter Island.
I went on a three-mile run with my child yesterday.
I went on a weekend camping trip.
I went on an epic shopping spree.
I went on an errand.
I went on an excursion in the Rocky Mountains.
I went on board the ship.
I went on deck from my cabin.
I went on doing that even though Tom asked me to stop.
I went on eating.
I went on foot only one way.
I went on foot.
I went on holiday abroad.
I went on holiday to Scotland this summer.
I went on my bicycle.
I went on reading.
I went on sleeping because the alarm didn't go off.
I went on taking photos.
I went on the path down to the river.
I went on the run.
I went on the trip, leaving the house in her care.
I went on to read the book.
I went on vacation, and my plants are still alive.
I went on with my reading.
I went on with unwavering determination.
I went on.
I went out although it was raining.
I went out by bicycle.
I went out by myself.
I went out dancing.
I went out even though it was raining.
I went out for a beer with my friends.
I went out for a moment.
I went out for a walk to get some fresh air.
I went out for a walk with a book in my hand after that.
I went out for a walk.
I went out for dinner.
I went out for lunch with Tom.
I went out for lunch.
I went out in spite of the rain.
I went out into the woods to get something.
I went out last night.
I went out of my way as far as Rome.
I went out of my way to help you.
I went out of my way to visit my friend, but he wasn't at home.
I went out of my way to visit my friend, but he wasn’t at home.
I went out of the house and saw Tom with his little dog Fido.
I went out on a camping trip.
I went out on a limb and bought 500 shares of Sony stock.
I went out the back door.
I went out to eat dinner with a friend today.
I went out to eat.
I went out to find food.
I went out to get help.
I went out to grab some food.
I went out to have a beer with my friends.
I went out to have some fresh air.
I went out to look for you.
I went out walking.
I went out with Mary for three months.
I went out with Mary once.
I went out with Mary.
I went out with him for drinks.
I went out with him the other night.
I went out with my friend.
I went out with my friends.
I went out with my overcoat on for fear of catching cold.
I went out with the heater on.
I went out without breakfast.
I went out without money.
I went out.
I went outside and saw Tom at the gate.
I went outside early in the morning.
I went outside with her.
I went outside.
I went over 300 miles per hour with this baby over here.
I went over his report, but couldn't find any mistakes.
I went over his report, but couldn’t find any mistakes.
I went over the itinerary with my co-workers.
I went over the report.
I went over the top.
I went over to Mary's house.
I went over to Tom's as soon as I heard he needed my help.
I went over to Tom's house the next morning and told him what had happened.
I went over to Tom's house yesterday afternoon.
I went over to Tom's house.
I went over to Tom's to ask him for help, but he wasn't at home.
I went over to where Tom and Mary were.
I went over to where Tom was.
I went overboard about the Beatles when I was young.
I went pale.
I went past my stop absent-mindedly.
I went quiet.
I went right in.
I went right to him.
I went rock climbing with Tom last weekend.
I went rock climbing.
I went running past them.
I went sailing with Tom yesterday.
I went shares with my cousin in the profits.
I went shopping after work yesterday.
I went shopping at that department store.
I went shopping at the new convenience store that opened in the neighborhood and received a free gift of bread.
I went shopping for a blouse to wear to the wedding.
I went shopping in the morning.
I went shopping in town today.
I went shopping last Monday.
I went shopping last Saturday.
I went shopping near the station yesterday.
I went shopping to buy something.
I went shopping twice today.
I went shopping two times today.
I went shopping with Tom today.
I went shopping with Tom.
I went shopping with a friend.
I went shopping yesterday.
I went shopping.
I went sightseeing.
I went silent.
I went skating on the lake.
I went skating yesterday, too.
I went skiing a lot as a kid.
I went skiing a lot when I was a kid.
I went skiing at Zao last winter.
I went skiing for the first time this winter.
I went skiing in Canada last winter.
I went skiing in Kabylie.
I went skiing last winter.
I went skiing that weekend.
I went skiing with Tom.
I went skiing with you once, I think.
I went skiing.
I went snorkeling in a beautiful coral reef.
I went somewhere I wished I hadn't gone.
I went stag to the prom.
I went straight home after work.
I went straight home from work.
I went straight home.
I went straight to bed.
I went straight to my computer to chat.
I went straight to the door.
I went straight to the point.
I went straight to the post office.
I went surfing every day last summer.
I went surfing this morning.
I went surfing with Tom.
I went surfing with them.
I went surfing yesterday.
I went swimming a lot when I was a child.
I went swimming after I woke up.
I went swimming almost every day during my summer vacation.
I went swimming almost every day during the summer holidays.
I went swimming earlier today.
I went swimming every day last summer.
I went swimming in the lake with Hiroko.
I went swimming in the ocean.
I went swimming in the river yesterday.
I went swimming in the river.
I went swimming in the sea.
I went swimming last Monday.
I went swimming with Tom the day before yesterday.
I went swimming with Tom yesterday.
I went swimming with Tom.
I went swimming with her.
I went swimming with him.
I went swimming with some of my friends last weekend.
I went swimming with them.
I went swimming yesterday.
I went swimming, but Tom didn't.
I went tanning for 2 months straight every day before graduation and that was as dark as I could get.
I went the whole way with my teacher.
I went the wrong way.
I went there alone.
I went there because I wanted to.
I went there by bike.
I went there by bus and train.
I went there by bus, but I walked home.
I went there by myself, often on successive evenings.
I went there by myself.
I went there by train.
I went there dozens of times.
I went there early so I could get a good seat.
I went there early to get a good seat.
I went there for the express purpose of earning money.
I went there for the purpose of meeting Tom.
I went there for the purpose of meeting him.
I went there in private.
I went there instead of my father.
I went there last year.
I went there many times.
I went there of necessity.
I went there on Monday.
I went there on an errand for Father.
I went there on foot.
I went there on my own free will.
I went there on the bus and the train.
I went there once with Tom.
I went there once.
I went there one time.
I went there out of curiosity.
I went there recently.
I went there the day before yesterday.
I went there the other day, but it was gone.
I went there three times.
I went there three years ago.
I went there times without number.
I went there to learn French.
I went there to meet him.
I went there to see her.
I went there to talk to Tom.
I went there to talk to her.
I went there to talk to him.
I went there to talk to them.
I went there to talk with Tom.
I went there today.
I went there twice.
I went there two weeks ago out of desperation.
I went there umpteen times.
I went there with my aunt last month.
I went there yesterday.
I went there.
I went three blocks out of my way.
I went through a long period of depression.
I went through a lot of trouble.
I went through a series of failures.
I went through a very difficult time, but I didn't give up.
I went through many things.
I went through months of hell.
I went through my money in a very short time.
I went through so unpleasant an experience at that time.
I went through the gate and into the street.
I went through the gate into the street.
I went through the gate out onto the street.
I went through the river crossing.
I went through the room into the garden.
I went through the shop and couldn't find what I wanted.
I went through to the quarter-finals in the chess tournament.
I went through unforgettable things with her.
I went to Algeria again.
I went to Algeria and it was amazing.
I went to Algeria and met some speakers of Berber.
I went to Algeria in 1994.
I went to Algeria in April of 2004.
I went to Algeria to improve my Berber.
I went to Algeria to study Berber.
I went to Algeria to work there.
I went to Algeria with my four children.
I went to Algeria.
I went to Algiers by bus.
I went to America last fall.
I went to America to study.
I went to Australia a few times when I was younger.
I went to Australia a year ago.
I went to Australia as an exchange student.
I went to Australia by myself.
I went to Australia for Tom.
I went to Australia for a job.
I went to Australia for a week.
I went to Australia for three days on a business trip.
I went to Australia in 2013.
I went to Australia last month, too.
I went to Australia last month.
I went to Australia last summer.
I went to Australia last winter.
I went to Australia last year.
I went to Australia on business.
I went to Australia three years ago.
I went to Australia to do that.
I went to Australia to meet Tom.
I went to Australia to see Tom.
I went to Australia to study art.
I went to Australia to study.
I went to Australia to visit Tom.
I went to Australia when I was a child.
I went to Australia when I was a high school student.
I went to Australia when I was thirteen years old.
I went to Australia with Tom.
I went to Australia with my brother last year.
I went to Australia with one of Tom's friends.
I went to Australia, but I didn't see any kangaroos.
I went to Australia, too.
I went to Australia.
I went to Austria, but I didn't see any kangaroos.
I went to Bali for summer vacation.
I went to Bali for temple-gazing, as I was an aspiring amateur archeologist. Also, I had an interest in indigenous languages like Indonesian and Balinese. I looked there for Balinese linguistics books, but to no avail. There were craftsmen, though, who sold Balinese calligraphy written on bamboo or paper. I knew that the carvings and objects in the temples had esoteric meanings, but only experts knew. I enjoyed eating exotic tropical fruits in Bali, as I first tried the "salak" snake fruit. Bali was a Hindu oasis in the largely Muslim country of Indonesia. In a souvenir shop, I met a lady vendor who had an interest in Buddhism. I befriended a hotel worker named Made Budi Artawan, and I had an avocado shake with him in a cafe near my hotel.
I went to Bali in the summer.
I went to Bali on summer holiday.
I went to Berber class.
I went to Boston a few times when I was younger.
I went to Boston a week ago.
I went to Boston a year ago.
I went to Boston alone.
I went to Boston along with Tom and Mary.
I went to Boston by airplane.
I went to Boston by bus.
I went to Boston by car.
I went to Boston by myself.
I went to Boston by plane last year.
I went to Boston by plane.
I went to Boston by train.
I went to Boston for 5 days on a business trip.
I went to Boston for Tom and Mary's wedding.
I went to Boston for Tom.
I went to Boston for a job.
I went to Boston for a week.
I went to Boston in 2013.
I went to Boston in October.
I went to Boston in the summer.
I went to Boston last fall.
I went to Boston last month.
I went to Boston last summer.
I went to Boston last week, too.
I went to Boston last week.
I went to Boston last weekend to see Tom.
I went to Boston last winter.
I went to Boston last year.
I went to Boston on Monday.
I went to Boston on a train.
I went to Boston on business last week.
I went to Boston on business.
I went to Boston once.
I went to Boston three years ago.
I went to Boston to attend Tom and Mary's wedding.
I went to Boston to do that.
I went to Boston to go to Tom and Mary's wedding.
I went to Boston to meet Tom.
I went to Boston to see Tom.
I went to Boston to study art.
I went to Boston to visit Tom.
I went to Boston to visit my uncle.
I went to Boston to visit some friends.
I went to Boston to with some friends.
I went to Boston when I was a high school student.
I went to Boston with Tom and Mary.
I went to Boston with Tom.
I went to Boston with her.
I went to Boston with him.
I went to Boston with my brother last year.
I went to Boston with one of Tom's friends.
I went to Boston with them.
I went to Boston, too.
I went to Boston.
I went to Canada and I stayed with my friends in Montreal.
I went to Canada when I was a child.
I went to Canada.
I went to Catholic schools.
I went to Chemini.
I went to Chemmini.
I went to China two years ago.
I went to Chuck's Diner.
I went to CoCo Ichiban every week.
I went to Denmark.
I went to Disneyland with my mother.
I went to Disneyland yesterday.
I went to Ecuador when I was eight years old.
I went to England for two weeks to hang out and see the sights.
I went to Europe before the war.
I went to Europe by way of America.
I went to Europe by way of Anchorage.
I went to Europe by way of the United States.
I went to Europe once.
I went to France in 1986.
I went to France to study French.
I went to France two years ago.
I went to Harvard.
I went to Hawaii on vacation for a couple of weeks.
I went to Hokkaido to see the floating ice.
I went to Iran.
I went to Ireland on a tourist visa.
I went to Italy for the second time in 1980.
I went to Izumo-taisha for my New Year's shrine visit and asked the god of marriage to arrange that I meet my special someone.
I went to Kabyle, Algeria, without my brother.
I went to Kabylie by train.
I went to Kabylie to find out about myself.
I went to Kabylie to learn Berber.
I went to Kabylie to see her.
I went to Kabylie with my brother.
I went to Kabylie, Algeria, by myself.
I went to Kabylie, Algeria, for the first time in 1990.
I went to Kabylie, Algeria, last month.
I went to Kabylie, Algeria, to get immersed in Berber.
I went to Kabylie, Algeria, to learn Berber.
I went to Kabylie, Algeria, to spend time with my family.
I went to Kabylie, Algeria, with my cousins.
I went to Kabylie, Algeria.
I went to Kabylie.
I went to Kawagoe by taxi.
I went to Kennedy Airport to see my friend off.
I went to Kobe by train.
I went to Kobe, where I first met her.
I went to Kyoto by car.
I went to Kyoto, where I happened to see her.
I went to Kyushu by airplane.
I went to Lanzarote last year.
I went to London by bus.
I went to London by way of Paris.
I went to London last year.
I went to London.
I went to Los Angeles on vacation last month.
I went to Mary's house after school.
I went to Mary's office, but she wasn't there.
I went to Mr. Jackson's office hours, and he helped me with the homework problem I was having trouble with.
I went to Nagano to take pictures of the mountains covered with snow.
I went to Nagasaki.
I went to Nikko along with them.
I went to Norway.
I went to Obihiro two years ago.
I went to Osaka station.
I went to Osaka to visit my sick friend.
I went to Paris thirty-nine years ago.
I went to Paris years ago.
I went to Paris.
I went to Potsdam.
I went to Rima's house.
I went to Rome on business.
I went to Sapporo on business and went over budget.
I went to Sendai and back without resting.
I went to Sendai and came right back without staying there overnight.
I went to Sendai and hurried right back.
I went to Shikoku to visit my uncle.
I went to Stanley Park with a Mexican student and a Japanese student. We took mass transit from Lulu Island.
I went to Sweden.
I went to São Paulo.
I went to Tokyo to buy this book.
I went to Tokyo to see Tony.
I went to Tom and Mary's last night.
I went to Tom for advice.
I went to Tom's apartment, but he wasn't there.
I went to Tom's apartment.
I went to Tom's funeral.
I went to Tom's graduation ceremony.
I went to Tom's house after school.
I went to Tom's house the night before he died.
I went to Tom's house this morning, but he wasn't there.
I went to Tom's house yesterday.
I went to Tom's house, but he wasn't at home.
I went to Tom's house, but he wasn't there.
I went to Tom's house.
I went to Tom's office, but he wasn't there.
I went to Tom's party, but it wasn't much fun.
I went to Tom's place, but he wasn't there.
I went to Tom's place.
I went to Tom's room to find out what he was doing.
I went to Tom's room to give him the message.
I went to Tom's room to see if he was asleep.
I went to Tom's room to see what he was doing.
I went to Tom's room.
I went to Tom's.
I went to Uzbekistan.
I went to Victoria Station, where I saw an old friend of mine.
I went to Victoria, BC, with my cousins, uncle, and aunt years ago. It was too bad that I did not bring a camera with me. I bought a used book about haiku in a secondhand bookstore. I also saw a book on scientific Russian, but unfortunately, I decided not to buy it.
I went to Vienna for the first time last year.
I went to a Catholic school.
I went to a Catholic university.
I went to a Halloween party.
I went to a Hindu wedding once.
I went to a Quranic school located in Kabylie, Algeria.
I went to a beach where no one else goes.
I went to a big dinner party last night.
I went to a book sale yesterday and bought lots of great books.
I went to a book sale yesterday, but none of the books were interesting.
I went to a book sale.
I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman, "Where's the self-help section?" She said if she told me, it would defeat the purpose.
I went to a bunch of their games.
I went to a class on solipsism and nobody else was there.
I went to a class on solipsism and nobody was there but me.
I went to a class on solipsism and there was nobody but me there.
I went to a coffee shop.
I went to a commercial high school.
I went to a concert last night.
I went to a concert with Tom.
I went to a concert with her.
I went to a concert with him.
I went to a concert with them.
I went to a concert yesterday with a friend.
I went to a concert yesterday with one of my friends.
I went to a concert yesterday with some friends.
I went to a concert.
I went to a conference last week.
I went to a family restaurant to have a slightly late lunch.
I went to a fight the other night, and a hockey game broke out.
I went to a general store but they wouldn't let me buy anything specific.
I went to a haunted house.
I went to a jazz festival the month before last.
I went to a lawyer for legal help.
I went to a little restaurant.
I went to a make-up store.
I went to a military college.
I went to a movie with Tom a few days ago.
I went to a movie with a friend.
I went to a movie yesterday with Tom.
I went to a musical with my favorite actor today. He's the one must-see for this year.
I went to a musical with my favorite actor today. He’s the one must-see for this year.
I went to a nude beach in France.
I went to a park this morning.
I went to a party last night.
I went to a piano recital.
I went to a pretty big school.
I went to a public garden to rest.
I went to a public high school.
I went to a restaurant.
I went to a sale with my mother yesterday and kept hounding her to buy me a dress.
I went to a shoe store yesterday.
I went to a spa with Mary.
I went to ahmed.
I went to all the places where we used to go.
I went to an Italian pizzeria.
I went to at sidel first.
I went to bed a little after midnight.
I went to bed a little earlier than usual.
I went to bed a little later than usual.
I went to bed after I came home.
I went to bed after eating.
I went to bed after locking all the doors and windows.
I went to bed after preparing everything in advance.
I went to bed as soon as I got home.
I went to bed at 10 p.m. last night.
I went to bed at 5 o'clock in the morning.
I went to bed at 9 pm, but fell asleep at 10 pm.
I went to bed at half past midnight.
I went to bed at midnight.
I went to bed at one o'clock.
I went to bed at one o’clock.
I went to bed at ten yesterday.
I went to bed at twelve last night.
I went to bed because I was tired.
I went to bed before father could come home.
I went to bed before midnight.
I went to bed earlier in those days.
I went to bed earlier last night than I usually do.
I went to bed earlier than usual last night.
I went to bed early because I had a bad headache.
I went to bed early because I had a slight headache.
I went to bed early because I was tired.
I went to bed early because I was too tired.
I went to bed early last night because I was really tired.
I went to bed early last night.
I went to bed early that night.
I went to bed early, for I was tired.
I went to bed early.
I went to bed hungry.
I went to bed last night at eleven.
I went to bed last night later than usual.
I went to bed last night without brushing my teeth.
I went to bed last night without cleaning my teeth.
I went to bed late again.
I went to bed late and was late for the first train.
I went to bed late at night.
I went to bed late in the night.
I went to bed late last night.
I went to bed later than usual last night.
I went to bed later than usual.
I went to bed much earlier back then.
I went to bed on an empty stomach because there wasn’t any bread.
I went to bed really late last night.
I went to bed right after dinner.
I went to bed very early yesterday.
I went to bed very late.
I went to bed with him.
I went to bed with my clothes on.
I went to bed without dinner.
I went to bed without eating anything.
I went to bed without eating dinner.
I went to bed, but I couldn't fall asleep.
I went to bed.
I went to boarding school in Australia.
I went to boarding school in Boston.
I went to buy a piñata of my favorite anime character.
I went to check the truck.
I went to check.
I went to church every Sunday when I was a boy.
I went to church every Sunday when I was young.
I went to church this morning.
I went to church with Tom.
I went to church with him.
I went to church.
I went to college for four years and all I got was this lousy diploma.
I went to college in Australia.
I went to college in Boston.
I went to college in Kabylie, Algeria.
I went to college with Tom.
I went to college with her.
I went to college with him.
I went to college with them.
I went to college.
I went to donate blood today.
I went to drink a beer with friends.
I went to drink a beer with my friends.
I went to eat at a Chinese restaurant in Yokohama.
I went to elementary school in Australia.
I went to elementary school in Boston.
I went to elementary school in Nagoya.
I went to every modern art show that took place in Tokyo last year.
I went to find Tom.
I went to find Wang.
I went to get ice.
I went to get my computer, but the store clerk said my computer was not ready yet.
I went to get my hair cut.
I went to get my mail as usual.
I went to get the file you asked for.
I went to get vaccinated.
I went to grade school here.
I went to grade school in Australia.
I went to grade school in Boston.
I went to great lengths to avoid the worst.
I went to have a pee.
I went to help my dad.
I went to help my father.
I went to her for advice.
I went to her graduation ceremony.
I went to her house, but she was not at home.
I went to her party.
I went to high school in Algeria.
I went to high school in Australia.
I went to high school in Boston.
I went to high school with Tom.
I went to high school with her.
I went to high school with him.
I went to high school with the person who wrote that article.
I went to high school with them.
I went to high school with you, didn't I?
I went to high school.
I went to him and found him crying.
I went to him for advice.
I went to his graduation ceremony.
I went to his house at 3 o'clock, but he was out.
I went to his house at 3 o’clock, but he was out.
I went to his house.
I went to his place straight away.
I went to his room and didn't find him, the bed was untouched.
I went to hospital yesterday.
I went to hospital.
I went to jail for slapping Layla.
I went to jail.
I went to law school.
I went to live in the country.
I went to many places in a single day.
I went to many shops to look for the book.
I went to market after he came home.
I went to med school.
I went to medical school.
I went to middle school in Japan.
I went to my bedroom and cried.
I went to my bedroom and followed his advice.
I went to my friend's house last night to play chess and eat pizza.
I went to my garden and found abundance.
I went to my happy place.
I went to my primary school reunion a few days ago, but it was almost impossible to recognise anyone.
I went to my room, slipping into my pyjamas and climbing into bed.
I went to my village in Algeria.
I went to night school.
I went to one of the men who seemed to be wise, thinking that there I should test the oracle.
I went to open the door.
I went to pay my condolences to his mother.
I went to pet the cat and she sneezed on me.
I went to pick up a package and got mugged.
I went to pick you up, but you were already gone.
I went to play!
I went to primary school in Australia.
I went to primary school in Boston.
I went to prison.
I went to public school.
I went to reception first.
I went to riyadh.
I went to school and hooked my backpack.
I went to school and hung up my bag.
I went to school and suspended my satchel.
I went to school at 8:30.
I went to school because I wanted a diploma.
I went to school by bicycle.
I went to school by bus yesterday.
I went to school by train.
I went to school early.
I went to school every day.
I went to school for the first time when I was seven years old. And I keep studying to this day because I still have a lot to learn.
I went to school here.
I went to school in Agartha.
I went to school in Australia.
I went to school in Boston.
I went to school in my pajamas.
I went to school on foot in those days.
I went to school there.
I went to school this afternoon.
I went to school this morning.
I went to school with Tom.
I went to school with her.
I went to school with him.
I went to school with your brother.
I went to school with your dad.
I went to school without doing that.
I went to school without eating breakfast.
I went to school yesterday by bus.
I went to school yesterday, but Tom didn't.
I went to school yesterday.
I went to school.
I went to see Tom in Australia.
I went to see Tom in Boston.
I went to see Tom last night.
I went to see Tom last week.
I went to see Tom myself.
I went to see Tom off at the airport.
I went to see Tom today.
I went to see Tom, but he wasn't home.
I went to see Tom, but he wasn't there.
I went to see Tom.
I went to see a baseball game.
I went to see a movie last night.
I went to see a movie with Tom after school.
I went to see a movie with Tom after work.
I went to see a movie with some friends last weekend.
I went to see a movie yesterday.
I went to see a movie.
I went to see a play.
I went to see a show today.
I went to see a specialist.
I went to see an advance screening of the new movie yesterday.
I went to see her in concert; she was great!
I went to see her.
I went to see him in concert; he was great!
I went to see him, but he was out.
I went to see him.
I went to see his older sister last week.
I went to see his sister last week.
I went to see how the working was going and I found the bricklayers just lazing about.
I went to see my parents.
I went to see my uncle, but he wasn't home.
I went to see the Tove Jansson exhibition at the Ateneum Art Museum.
I went to see the ballet.
I went to see the baseball game yesterday.
I went to see the doctor, only to find him absent.
I went to see the movies yesterday.
I went to see the river, which I found greatly swollen.
I went to see the school so as to take the first step towards my dream.
I went to see them.
I went to see what happened.
I went to shul this morning.
I went to sit down where you sat this morning and I heard what you had thought.
I went to sit with Muslims.
I went to sleep about 10 o'clock.
I went to sleep about 10 o’clock.
I went to sleep as soon as I got home.
I went to sleep at one o'clock.
I went to sleep during the lesson.
I went to sleep during the math lesson.
I went to sleep hungry.
I went to sleep with a handkerchief over my face.
I went to sleep.
I went to so many places.
I went to space on a rocket.
I went to study Berber in Algeria.
I went to study in Algeria.
I went to swim in the river yesterday.
I went to take a leak.
I went to talk to Tom.
I went to talk to her.
I went to talk to him.
I went to talk to them.
I went to temple this morning.
I went to that beach resort.
I went to that house party.
I went to that party by myself.
I went to that party.
I went to that school.
I went to the African savannah to hunt.
I went to the Algerian embassy in London.
I went to the Halloween party as a vampire.
I went to the Halloween party dressed as a vampire.
I went to the Jacksons' house.
I went to the Naval Academy.
I went to the North African countries of Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia.
I went to the Police Academy.
I went to the South Pacific for a summer of romantic adventure.
I went to the YMCA.
I went to the airport by taxi.
I went to the airport to bid my friend goodbye.
I went to the airport to meet Tom.
I went to the airport to meet him.
I went to the airport to meet my father.
I went to the airport to meet with my father.
I went to the airport to see Tom off.
I went to the airport to see him off.
I went to the airport to see my friend off.
I went to the airport to see my mother off.
I went to the airport to see them off.
I went to the aquarium today.
I went to the baker's.
I went to the bakery.
I went to the bank to take out money.
I went to the bank to withdraw $20,000 from deposit.
I went to the bank to withdraw $20,000 from my savings account.
I went to the bank.
I went to the bathroom.
I went to the beach every summer as a kid.
I went to the beach last weekend with Tom.
I went to the beach last weekend.
I went to the beach with Tom and his friends.
I went to the beach with Tom.
I went to the beach with her.
I went to the beach with him.
I went to the beach with my kids.
I went to the beach with them.
I went to the beach yesterday.
I went to the beach, despite the bad weather.
I went to the beach.
I went to the book store and bought a fascinating book.
I went to the book store and bought a very interesting book.
I went to the bookstore.
I went to the boss in hopes of getting a raise.
I went to the casino.
I went to the church to confess.
I went to the church.
I went to the cinema with my brother.
I went to the cinema yesterday.
I went to the cinema, but I didn't enjoy the film much.
I went to the cinema.
I went to the circus and loafed around the back side till the watchman went by, and then dived in under the tent.
I went to the city yesterday, but I'm not going today nor will I tomorrow.
I went to the clothing store yesterday and bought a blue blouse and three pairs of pants.
I went to the coffee shop yesterday.
I went to the coffee shop.
I went to the concert with Tom.
I went to the creationists' museum.
I went to the dance with Mary.
I went to the dentist recently and he did a cast of my teeth and took an X-ray, just in case. It sounds like a good business to be in.
I went to the dentist recently and he did a cast of my teeth and took an X-ray, ’just in case.’ It sounds like a good business to be in.
I went to the department store to do some shopping yesterday.
I went to the department store with a view to buying a present.
I went to the department store with the intent of buying a gift.
I went to the dinner I was invited to.
I went to the doctor today.
I went to the doctor yesterday.
I went to the doctor.
I went to the drug store to buy some cough medicine.
I went to the electronics store to buy a new refrigerator.
I went to the forest for a walk and I got lost there.
I went to the forest.
I went to the fridge to get some milk.
I went to the front door to see who was there.
I went to the front of the mansion.
I went to the graveyard to visit my late family.
I went to the grocery store and bought some vegetables.
I went to the grocery store to buy fresh vegetables.
I went to the grocery store.
I went to the gym to get ripped.
I went to the gym two or three times a week.
I went to the gym.
I went to the hairdresser.
I went to the hardware store to buy a ladder.
I went to the hospital because I was sick.
I went to the hospital on Monday.
I went to the hospital to ask about his health.
I went to the hospital to have me checked so that they can find the cause of my disease.
I went to the hospital to have my eyes tested.
I went to the hospital to inquire after his health.
I went to the hospital to see Tom.
I went to the hospital to see my mother.
I went to the hospital to see my uncle.
I went to the hospital to see my wife.
I went to the hospital to visit Mary, but I wasn't allowed to see her.
I went to the hospital to visit Tom and Mary, but I wasn't allowed to see them.
I went to the hospital to visit Tom, but I wasn't allowed to see him.
I went to the hospital to visit Tom.
I went to the hospital to visit him.
I went to the hospital yesterday.
I went to the hospital.
I went to the hotel by cab.
I went to the inspector's office for the documents.
I went to the kitchen to get something to eat.
I went to the kitchen to grab a snack.
I went to the lawyer for legal help.
I went to the library and I gathered every book I found about Islam.
I went to the library last Monday.
I went to the library on Monday.
I went to the library this afternoon.
I went to the library to read a book.
I went to the library to read books.
I went to the library to read some books.
I went to the library, but I'm afraid it was closed.
I went to the library, but I’m afraid it was closed.
I went to the library.
I went to the mall with a few friends.
I went to the mall with my friends.
I went to the mall yesterday.
I went to the market to buy meat, rice, potatoes, pasta, wine, and orange juice for dinner.
I went to the market to buy vegetables.
I went to the market yesterday.
I went to the market.
I went to the meeting in place of Sam, who was sick.
I went to the military camp with Kordobas's authorization.
I went to the mosque every Friday.
I went to the mosque with my cousin.
I went to the mosque.
I went to the mountain.
I went to the mountains.
I went to the movie thinking that it would be fun, but it left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
I went to the movies last night.
I went to the movies to see an American film.
I went to the movies to see an American movie.
I went to the movies with my brother.
I went to the movies.
I went to the museum today.
I went to the nearby library to find some books on the subject.
I went to the neighborhood spiritual second-hand bookstore and bought a psuedo-scientific book about the benefits of meditation; it's called The Relaxation Response by Herbert Benson. My friend F recommended it. Now it's on the shelf along with some other books I intend to read. It was only $3.00. The bookstore owner there is from Nigeria. His name is Abraham. He's an interesting fellow who really knows a lot about spiritual affairs. After I bought the book, we talked for a few minutes. He told me that all religions "failed" in some way. He declared that one didn't need "salvation" from anything, like from "sin" as in Christianity, or like from "suffering" as in Buddhism. I asked him if he believed in an Immortal Soul, something that Buddhism does not acknowledge because Buddhists believe we are a never-ending "stream of consciousness," not really a soul. He said he believed in an Immortal Soul. Then he said that there is only One Truth and that it cannot be verbalized; it must be experienced. That's an interesting perspective indeed. It got me thinking on my way home... Today is the 20th of October of 2002.
I went to the office.
I went to the opera yesterday.
I went to the park last Saturday.
I went to the park last Sunday.
I went to the park this morning.
I went to the park to play baseball the other day.
I went to the park to play tennis.
I went to the park to play.
I went to the park with Mary yesterday.
I went to the park with Tom the day before yesterday.
I went to the park with my boyfriend, and we sat on a bench.
I went to the park yesterday.
I went to the park.
I went to the parking lot.
I went to the party on the presumption that she would be there.
I went to the pawn shop and asked them to please appraise my 1980s style car.
I went to the pharmacy with the prescription, but they didn't have acetaminophen.
I went to the plaza last night.
I went to the police station.
I went to the police.
I went to the post office to buy some stamps.
I went to the post office to mail a letter.
I went to the post office to send a letter.
I went to the post office to send a package.
I went to the post office yesterday.
I went to the post office.
I went to the public hall to listen to the jazz concert.
I went to the railway station to meet him.
I went to the refrigerator and got myself another beer.
I went to the refrigerator to get myself another beer.
I went to the restaurant you told me about.
I went to the restroom during the intermission.
I went to the reunion.
I went to the river, but I didn't go swimming.
I went to the river.
I went to the room.
I went to the same high school as Tom did.
I went to the same kindergarten as Tom did.
I went to the same kindergarten as Tom.
I went to the same kindergarten that Tom did.
I went to the same place as Tom did.
I went to the same school as Tom did.
I went to the same school as Tom.
I went to the same school that Tom and Mary are going to now.
I went to the same school that Tom did.
I went to the same school that Tom is going to now.
I went to the scene of the crime.
I went to the school on foot.
I went to the second floor.
I went to the shop.
I went to the spa.
I went to the spring to draw water, but I found it had dried up.
I went to the station by cab.
I went to the station to say good-bye to my friend.
I went to the station to see my brother off.
I went to the station to see my friend off.
I went to the station.
I went to the store after work yesterday.
I went to the store because I was hungry.
I went to the store near by.
I went to the store that was very nearby.
I went to the store to buy some shampoo and toothpaste.
I went to the store to buy what I needed to make dinner.
I went to the store.
I went to the supermarket and bought a bag of rice.
I went to the supermarket and bought ice cream.
I went to the supermarket and bought rice.
I went to the supermarket and bought some cherries because they were on sale.
I went to the supermarket and bought three oranges, in addition to two soda bottles.
I went to the supermarket to buy cold water.
I went to the supermarket to buy some things for Tom.
I went to the supermarket while coming back from work.
I went to the supermarket with Leanne and bought chicken nuggets.
I went to the supermarket with my mom.
I went to the supermarket.
I went to the swimming pool the other day and then I got ill.
I went to the tap and drank water.
I went to the tent.
I went to the theater early so I could get a good seat.
I went to the theater early to get a good seat.
I went to the theater quite early with a view to getting a good seat.
I went to the theater to see a modern drama.
I went to the theater to see a period drama.
I went to the theater with Skura.
I went to the top of the hillock and looked about me.
I went to the train station to buy a ticket.
I went to the tunnel.
I went to the university only to see my former French teacher again.
I went to the venereologist.
I went to the village alone.
I went to the village once.
I went to the village yesterday.
I went to the village, too.
I went to the village.
I went to the window.
I went to the woman myself and told her about it, and she said that she also wanted to tell her daughter.
I went to the woods to collect some logs.
I went to the wrong address.
I went to the wrong door.
I went to the zoo last week with my brother.
I went to the zoo with my sister.
I went to the zoo yesterday.
I went to the zoo.
I went to their wedding party in Kabylie.
I went to them for advice.
I went to this school too.
I went to this school.
I went to three funerals last month.
I went to two concerts last week.
I went to uni today.
I went to university.
I went to visit Tom.
I went to visit my friends.
I went to visit my grandfather's grave today.
I went to visit my parents last year for Christmas.
I went to wash my hands.
I went to where I was asked to go.
I went to work by car.
I went to work by foot.
I went to work.
I went to your school.
I went to your website.
I went too far.
I went toward the tent.
I went to the window and looked out.
I went twice to Beijing and once to Shanghai.
I went twice.
I went up in the elevator with Tom.
I went up into the aircraft.
I went up onto the mountain.
I went up the river.
I went up the stairs and went to bed.
I went up the stairs.
I went up the steep hill.
I went up to Tom and shook his hand.
I went up to dergina.
I went up to her room.
I went up to his room.
I went up to my bedroom on tiptoe.
I went up to my room and looked out the window.
I went up to the 5th floor in an elevator.
I went up to the attic.
I went up to the door and looked through the peephole.
I went up to the door.
I went up to the eighth floor of that building.
I went up to the front door.
I went up to the mountain behind our home.
I went up to the roof by means of a ladder.
I went upstairs to get a better view of what was going on.
I went upstairs to my bedroom.
I went upstairs.
I went via Beijing of necessity because there wasn't a direct flight.
I went via Beijing of necessity because there wasn’t a direct flight.
I went walking to Tim Hortons café, twice this sunny morning of the 24th of May of 2025: Firstly, I drank an Iced Classic Lemonade. Secondly, I enjoyed a Sausage English Muffin and an Earl Grey Tea with oat milk. Then, 'twas a lunch of Sinospheric dishes at home, thanks to my cousin Eve who brought them from Yaohan Centre: gai lan, brown rice, fried fish, fried shrimps, and fried squid. At that centre, there was once a big Japanese bookstore on the second level, where I sometimes browsed Japanese books. After lunch with cousin and Mama, around 13:00, I decided on this blue-sky day to venture to the Roman Catholic church on St. Albans Road. It's Saturday today, so I wasn't expecting anything, but lo and behold, there was a wonderful prelude to a Filipino wedding! There were people in their finest attire. As I stepped out, I saw in the sunshine the bride in full white-gown glory. Another young lady was helping her lay out the fancy dress. 'Twas good that it wasn't raining! The scene reminded me of the "maiko-san" or geisha apprentice in Kyōto, when I was there. Then, I spent a few minutes in the Adoration Temple. It might be my 17th trip to that church this spring. The big Empress Tree near Bowcock Road still has a few purple flowers, but most of them have fallen off already. I saw my Greek Cypriot neighbour Nikki doing her daily routine of walking around the block several times. I waved at the religious Filipino family at the street corner.
I went way over my budget.
I went way over my head.
I went way too blonde.
I went weak at the knees.
I went where I was ordered to go.
I went where I was ordered.
I went where I was told.
I went where Tom told me to go.
I went where Tom went.
I went where you were earlier.
I went windsurfing.
I went with Mina.
I went with Tom yesterday.
I went with Tom.
I went with Yidir to school.
I went with all my friends to the mosque.
I went with her.
I went with him to Kabylie.
I went with him.
I went with my brother.
I went with my father.
I went with the women so that I could guide them around Nagasaki.
I went with them so that I could guide them around Nagasaki.
I went without TV for a few weeks.
I went without food for a week.
I went without her.
I went without him because he wasn't ready.
I went without him.
I went without knowing where.
I went, too.
I went.
I wept and I believed.
I wept in spite of myself.
I wept.
I wet my hair almost every day.
I wet myself laughing.
I wet myself.
I wet the bed until I was ten years old.
I wetted one.
I whacked my finger with a hammer.
I whimpered.
I whisper into your ear that you are driving me crazy, but it seems like I am screaming.
I whispered to her quietly "Don't be afraid, I'm here."
I whispered to him to come in.
I whispered.
I whistle to calm my nerves.
I whistled.
I whole-heartedly agree with this.
I wholeheartedly admire your understanding of Chinese.
I wholeheartedly agree with everything Tom said.
I wholeheartedly agree.
I wholeheartedly endorse this decision.
I wil get used to living here.
I will I could bottle your righteousness.
I will Jewify you.
I will Judaize you.
I will abase myself, no matter how.
I will abolish capital punishment.
I will accept full responsibility for this.
I will accept his request.
I will accept my fate.
I will accept that.
I will accept the gifts.
I will accept the work, provided that you help me.
I will accept the work, provided you help me.
I will accept you kind offer.
I will accept your decision, whatever it will be.
I will accept your hospitality on one condition: you have to let me cook dinner during my whole stay.
I will accompany Tom.
I will accompany you.
I will accomplish it at all costs.
I will accomplish my purpose at any cost.
I will accomplish my purpose step by step.
I will accomplish that no matter what the cost.
I will account for the incident.
I will act on your advice.
I will add a couple of explanations.
I will add another sentence.
I will add new words to my dictionary.
I will admit that I didn’t always stick to this rule of thumb.
I will admit that I forgot the question I meant to ask.
I will advise you on the matter.
I will agree to write the report.
I will allow it.
I will already be fifty next year.
I will also become a grown-up before long.
I will also go to settle this matter.
I will also leave here.
I will also miss you.
I will also remind you of the dangers of your forefathers.
I will always be by your side.
I will always be here for Tom until my demise.
I will always be here when you need me.
I will always be hoping.
I will always be indebted to you.
I will always be single.
I will always be there for you.
I will always be there if you need me.
I will always be there to help you.
I will always be with you.
I will always be younger than you are.
I will always carve out a way towards success in my daily life because I have a winning spirit.
I will always detest Mary.
I will always detest Tom.
I will always have a certain fondness for this sitcom because my grandmother and I used to watch it together.
I will always have a lot of admiration for all Scorpios people.
I will always have a soft corner in my heart for Tom.
I will always have love for you.
I will always keep the treasure of our love memories together.
I will always level with you.
I will always love Mary.
I will always love you no matter what you do.
I will always love you.
I will always make sure that house always belongs to our family.
I will always make sure that my dreams can see the light of day and I'll always allow my dreams to come true.
I will always make the pursuit of my own dreams my number one priority in life.
I will always miss you.
I will always protect Tom from people like you.
I will always remember Tom.
I will always remember it.
I will always remember that.
I will always remember this day.
I will always remember to forget.
I will always remember you.
I will always remember your advice.
I will always remember, 'til the 60s, the grime in our noses due to the fumes from the kerosene lamp. We always had tried to wash ourselves, it remained; especially when it was freezing, we could only do very basic wash.
I will always support you.
I will always tell the truth.
I will always want us to stand close to each other.
I will answer for his honesty.
I will answer for the failure.
I will answer for the result.
I will answer later.
I will answer this question separately.
I will answer within three days.
I will answer you within three days.
I will answer your letter later.
I will appeal against the sentence.
I will apply for help to him.
I will arrange a meeting with Tom for you, if you wish.
I will arrive in four hours.
I will arrive late to class.
I will arrive on 23 May.
I will arrive on 23rd of May.
I will arrive shortly.
I will arrive when I can.
I will arrive when the meal is ready.
I will arrive.
I will ascend.
I will ask Mary to type the letters tomorrow.
I will ask Tom for an explanation.
I will ask Tom.
I will ask for help from them.
I will ask her a question.
I will ask her about the interview.
I will ask him a question.
I will ask him about it tomorrow, then.
I will ask him about it tomorrow.
I will ask him tomorrow.
I will ask him where he went last Sunday.
I will ask it in another way.
I will ask it.
I will ask my sister if she wants to come along to the summer house next week.
I will ask someone to bring the gate keeper soon.
I will ask that.
I will ask the neighbors to come to the feast.
I will ask them.
I will ask you five questions.
I will ask you once.
I will ask you one last time.
I will ask.
I will assassinate you with only one of my looks.
I will associate with him in business.
I will attend the party only if Mary will not.
I will attentively review your comments over the next few days.
I will attest that I did not hear that.
I will avenge her death.
I will avenge his death.
I will badly miss you if you leave Japan.
I will ban you if you keep talking dirty.
I will battle with illness.
I will be a doctor someday.
I will be a permanent employee after 3 months.
I will be a repeater!
I will be able to marry her.
I will be able to pass the test.
I will be able to prove that soon.
I will be able to see you next year.
I will be able to see you tomorrow unless something unexpected turns up.
I will be able to speak English well soon.
I will be about to be loved.
I will be absent for a week.
I will be absent tomorrow.
I will be afflicted that I do not know men.
I will be all tied up tomorrow afternoon.
I will be arrested.
I will be at home at five.
I will be at home for the whole of tomorrow.
I will be at home tomorrow in the evening.
I will be at home tomorrow.
I will be at home when he comes next.
I will be at home when she comes next.
I will be at the meeting.
I will be at the office at eight.
I will be at the party tonight come what may.
I will be at the same place as always.
I will be at your house at eight.
I will be back at half past six.
I will be back by nine.
I will be back in an hour.
I will be back in another two weeks.
I will be back in five minutes. If not, read this sentence again.
I will be back in less than five minutes.
I will be back in two weeks' time.
I will be back in two weeks.
I will be back in two week’s time.
I will be back late.
I will be back soon.
I will be back to join you in one month.
I will be back to square one and have to take the classes over.
I will be back.
I will be bald soon.
I will be blessed this year.
I will be busy next week.
I will be busy this afternoon.
I will be busy tomorrow.
I will be busy until four o'clock.
I will be buying more K-pop albums this week.
I will be coming to the party too.
I will be completely alone.
I will be contacted tomorrow regarding the results.
I will be doing my homework.
I will be driving back tomorrow.
I will be driving myself.
I will be evicted.
I will be expecting a letter from her.
I will be filming at Nuja’s school.
I will be fine.
I will be fired anyways.
I will be fired on Monday.
I will be fired.
I will be flying about this time next party.
I will be flying over the Pacific about this time tomorrow.
I will be found easily.
I will be fourteen years old tomorrow.
I will be free all morning next Friday.
I will be free at seven o'clock.
I will be free from seven in the evening.
I will be free from seven o'clock in the evening.
I will be free in ten minutes.
I will be free next Saturday.
I will be free tomorrow afternoon.
I will be friendly to him even if he doesn't like me.
I will be friendly to him even if he doesn’t like me.
I will be glad if I can be of any service to you.
I will be glad if I can serve you in any way.
I will be glad to come.
I will be glad to help you anytime.
I will be glad to help you.
I will be glad to see Tom again.
I will be glad when the time comes that I can convey my feelings in English.
I will be glad, if I can be of any service to you.
I will be going to the country.
I will be gone by the time she comes back.
I will be happy forever!
I will be happy to assist whoever needs help.
I will be happy to attend your party.
I will be happy to collaborate on the translation of that document.
I will be happy to go.
I will be her teacher.
I will be here Wednesday afternoon.
I will be here every day.
I will be here for at least a week.
I will be here from Monday to Thursday.
I will be here in time.
I will be here tomorrow.
I will be here two hours earlier than previously said.
I will be here two hours later than previously said.
I will be here until you return.
I will be here.
I will be his teacher.
I will be home by five.
I will be home tomorrow.
I will be honest with you.
I will be hungry.
I will be in Boston for two months.
I will be in Boston until Monday afternoon.
I will be in London by this time tomorrow.
I will be in New Orleans in April for my cousin's wedding.
I will be in high school next April.
I will be in my office all afternoon.
I will be in my office all day today.
I will be in my office at ten o'clock.
I will be kicked out anyways.
I will be late.
I will be learning.
I will be leaving for Australia next month.
I will be leaving for Morocco next week.
I will be leaving the house in one hour.
I will be left alone.
I will be loved.
I will be mad.
I will be more careful.
I will be moving on tomorrow.
I will be moving to At Mendas.
I will be moving to Tunisia.
I will be no longer an intruder here.
I will be on a business trip next week.
I will be on my way now.
I will be only too pleased to help you.
I will be out of the office for four days.
I will be over tomorrow if you like.
I will be phenomenal to the women. I mean, I want to help women.
I will be playing a tennis match on Saturday with my boyfriend Cyril.
I will be pleased to help you.
I will be pleased to see her again.
I will be present at the meeting.
I will be quick.
I will be reading the book when I've finished this job.
I will be reading the book when I’ve finished this job.
I will be relieved after Tom has gone.
I will be relieved when Tom is gone.
I will be relieved when Tom leaves.
I will be reminded of tyranny and cruelty, if Nero is said.
I will be responsible too if I don't do anything.
I will be right back with your order.
I will be right back!
I will be right back.
I will be right here waiting for you.
I will be right over.
I will be right there waiting.
I will be seeing her again next Friday.
I will be seeing her again one of these days.
I will be seeing the doctor again next Friday.
I will be seventeen next week.
I will be sixteen in May.
I will be sixteen next birthday.
I will be sixteen years old next month.
I will be sixteen years old next year.
I will be staying for two nights.
I will be studying English when you arrive tonight.
I will be studying when you come at seven.
I will be taking a lot of memories with me that will never be forgotten.
I will be taking a weekend food jaunt down to Portland.
I will be taking care of your business from now on.
I will be taking the exam about this time tomorrow.
I will be the cause of my parent's death.
I will be the cook tonight.
I will be their teacher.
I will be there as soon as I can.
I will be there for three weeks.
I will be there right now.
I will be there tomorrow.
I will be thirty-five in June.
I will be through with my homework before supper.
I will be through with my work by tomorrow.
I will be through with the book in no time.
I will be thrown out anyways.
I will be tired.
I will be traveling in Europe for two months.
I will be traveling in Europe next week.
I will be traveling round Europe next week.
I will be travelling on the 8th of January.
I will be travelling through Portugal.
I will be under your protection.
I will be very brief.
I will be very careful.
I will be very glad to be able to serve you.
I will be very glad to serve you.
I will be very grateful if you can send us even a small tidbit of information.
I will be very happy if I see you.
I will be very happy to accept your invitation.
I will be very late.
I will be visiting Athens.
I will be waiting for the bus at seven.
I will be waiting for you at baggage claim.
I will be waiting for you at the cafe.
I will be waiting for you in my room.
I will be waiting for you in the park.
I will be waiting here.
I will be watching TV about this time tomorrow.
I will be watching TV at nine o'clock tonight in spite of much homework.
I will be watching TV at nine o’clock tonight in spite of much homework.
I will be watching television.
I will be where Tom is.
I will be with you in a minute.
I will be with you in a moment.
I will be with you right away.
I will be with you tonight.
I will be with you.
I will be working all day tomorrow.
I will be working on my report all day tomorrow.
I will be working.
I will be your guarantor.
I will be your nightmare.
I will bear the consequences.
I will bear your words in mind.
I will become God of the new world.
I will become a doctor when I grow up.
I will become an American citizen.
I will become angry.
I will become god of the celestial world.
I will become the most honored one in the world.
I will begin anew.
I will begin to work when it stops raining.
I will behave.
I will behead you. I promise you that.
I will believe that Tom is alive only when I see him.
I will bite just a little bit.
I will bless them that bless thee, and curse them that curse thee, and in thee shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed.
I will borrow a pen.
I will borrow it then, if you insist.
I will break all the records in my age group.
I will brew you some therapeutic mountain herbs.
I will bring back a lot of food.
I will bring hell upon them.
I will bring him a beautiful bride.
I will bring it right away.
I will bring it to you tomorrow.
I will bring my children up in such a way that they will be protected from superstition.
I will bring my son a bride with blue eyes.
I will bring trouble upon myself.
I will brush my teeth.
I will build a large building.
I will build a wooden house.
I will build you a house, not someone else.
I will burn everything!
I will burn to death.
I will bury the fact that reality is seeping into my skin for now.
I will bury you all.
I will buy a big house.
I will buy a car next month.
I will buy a car.
I will buy a garbage bag.
I will buy a lanyard to carry my phone, so I don't lose it.
I will buy a new car next month.
I will buy a new car.
I will buy a new umbrella.
I will buy a red wine.
I will buy a shirt tomorrow.
I will buy a watch at the store.
I will buy cassette tapes.
I will buy chocolate.
I will buy drinks for you all.
I will buy her a dress.
I will buy him a weapon.
I will buy him new shoes.
I will buy him some shrimp.
I will buy my wife a book.
I will buy new shoes.
I will buy one.
I will buy paper, and other things that I need.
I will buy some bread and some cheese.
I will buy some meat today.
I will buy some wine or beer.
I will buy that dress somehow.
I will buy the books for you.
I will buy the new Huawei phone once it is released.
I will buy the tickets.
I will buy this bicycle at all cost. Money is no object.
I will buy you a new word processor.
I will buy your house for ten thousand dollars.
I will call Tom to account for that.
I will call a policeman.
I will call back a bit later.
I will call back in 20 minutes.
I will call back when I get to the bus station.
I will call for it tomorrow.
I will call for you at noon.
I will call for you at seven.
I will call her once again tomorrow.
I will call her tonight.
I will call him tonight.
I will call in order to confirm it.
I will call my father.
I will call my grandmother to see whether or not she needs anything.
I will call on him one of these days.
I will call on him tomorrow.
I will call on him with some cake and flowers.
I will call on you again.
I will call on you tomorrow.
I will call on your tomorrow, weather permitting.
I will call soon.
I will call you as soon as I can.
I will call you as soon as I find out more about it.
I will call you at 3.
I will call you early tomorrow morning, and you and I will try if we can throw some little light upon the mystery.
I will call you in a few minutes.
I will call you in a while.
I will call you in advance.
I will call you in an hour.
I will call you later.
I will call you on Friday.
I will call you tomorrow afternoon.
I will call you tomorrow morning.
I will call you tomorrow night.
I will call you tomorrow.
I will call you up, provided that I have time.
I will call you when I arrive at my destination.
I will call you when I have done my shopping.
I will call you without fail.
I will call you.
I will call.
I will care for your kitten during your absence.
I will carry it out if you agree to our plan.
I will carry out my aim at any expense.
I will carry out my aims.
I will carry out the plan in spite of all opposition.
I will carry out this plan at any price.
I will carry through the work.
I will catch the 9:00 train.
I will catch the next bus.
I will catch up on my homework tonight.
I will cause problems for myself.
I will cause them big problems.
I will certainly need a car.
I will certainly never have a son.
I will change the bathtub for a shower.
I will change their mind.
I will change their minds.
I will change this translation.
I will change.
I will check Tom's work.
I will check downstairs.
I will check it.
I will check this.
I will check up on Tom.
I will check what time the train arrives.
I will check your game tomorrow.
I will cherish these moments forever.
I will choose one of them.
I will choose one.
I will choose them for my mother.
I will clean the kitchen later.
I will clean this up later.
I will clean up yesterday's work.
I will clean up yesterday’s work.
I will close by assuring you of my esteem.
I will close the door on them.
I will collect it next Monday.
I will come Friday.
I will come along.
I will come and see you when I get well.
I will come at precisely 8 o'clock.
I will come back after lunch.
I will come back next week.
I will come back one day.
I will come back to Canada tomorrow.
I will come back tomorrow.
I will come back, if you want.
I will come back.
I will come be your guest tomorrow.
I will come by all means.
I will come down on Tom next time.
I will come earlier next time.
I will come home as soon as possible.
I will come if I can.
I will come if I have time.
I will come in a few days.
I will come in about two weeks.
I will come of age next year.
I will come on Monday unless you write to the contrary.
I will come on Sunday.
I will come on Wednesday evening unless I hear from you to the contrary.
I will come over soon.
I will come provided I am well enough.
I will come provided I feel well enough.
I will come there.
I will come to pick her up.
I will come to see you next Sunday.
I will come to the interview on time.
I will come to the village.
I will come to you in an hour.
I will come to your country some day.
I will come to your party this evening.
I will come tomorrow morning.
I will come tomorrow to your house.
I will come tomorrow without fail.
I will come tomorrow, same time.
I will come tomorrow.
I will come up with a solution to the problem.
I will come up with something.
I will come upon him somewhere else.
I will come when I can.
I will come when it has stopped raining.
I will come with you.
I will come, time permitting.
I will come, weather permitting.
I will come.
I will compensate you for your loss.
I will complain about you to Tom.
I will complain about you.
I will complain to the police about you.
I will complete what he started.
I will conditionally agree to the proposal.
I will confess I was horribly frightened.
I will confirm my plane reservation.
I will confiscate it from Tom.
I will consent to the divorce.
I will construct a wooden building.
I will contact you afterwards.
I will contact you again in the future.
I will contact you again later.
I will contact you again.
I will contact you another day.
I will contact you as soon as I arrive.
I will contact you at a later date.
I will contact you later.
I will contact you on another day.
I will contact you presently.
I will contact you shortly.
I will contact you soon.
I will contact you tomorrow by phone.
I will continue to defend Palestine, no matter what.
I will continue to study Latin, because it is really interesting.
I will continue with correcting my mistakes.
I will continue with my efforts.
I will continue.
I will convey the information to the manager.
I will cook dinner tomorrow evening.
I will cook dinner tonight.
I will copy phrases.
I will count to three, and then I will fire!
I will create a home for you, not anyone else.
I will create it.
I will cross my fingers.
I will cry a thousand tears more.
I will cry.
I will cure him of the bad habit.
I will cut the bread.
I will cut your fingers and tongue, Caty!
I will dance on your grave.
I will dare anything to win him.
I will deactivate my Twitter account due to the controversial practices of its owner, and I won't be logging in until it's completely gone.
I will deal with Tom accordingly.
I will deal with Tom later.
I will deal with her myself.
I will deal with him myself.
I will deal with it tomorrow.
I will deal with the tennis!
I will deal with them myself.
I will deal with this problem.
I will decide that later.
I will decide that soon.
I will deepen their wells.
I will defeat my adversaries with karmic forces.
I will defend Tom.
I will defend my stance whatever it takes.
I will define happiness as this.
I will definitely attend your funeral.
I will definitely go to your funeral.
I will delete my comment.
I will demolish the wall.
I will depart soon.
I will destroy them.
I will devote my life to the study of history.
I will devote myself to studying for the entrance exams.
I will devour you little girl.
I will devour you, little boy.
I will die by a cold.
I will die for you.
I will die if I do that.
I will die in jail.
I will die lonely.
I will die on this hill.
I will die one day.
I will die without anyone having heard my heart's cry.
I will die.
I will disappear from here at any moment.
I will discover him in another place.
I will discuss it with my horse.
I will discuss the problem with you in detail.
I will discuss the question with you in detail.
I will do a full stop and start a new sentence.
I will do all I can for you.
I will do all of my best to make him happy.
I will do all you ask.
I will do anything I can do for her.
I will do anything but that.
I will do anything but this.
I will do anything for him.
I will do anything for you.
I will do anything that you ask.
I will do anything to get a job.
I will do anything to please her.
I will do anything within reason.
I will do anything you say!
I will do anything, aside from disobeying the law.
I will do as you say.
I will do everything I can to go.
I will do everything I can to help.
I will do everything in my power to help you.
I will do everything in my power to help.
I will do everything in my power.
I will do everything possible to help you.
I will do everything that I can to help.
I will do everything to please you.
I will do everything within my power to help you.
I will do everything you tell me to.
I will do it according to your instructions.
I will do it as soon as I can.
I will do it as soon as possible.
I will do it at all costs.
I will do it at the first opportunity.
I will do it because she said.
I will do it by all means.
I will do it by myself next time.
I will do it for you.
I will do it gladly.
I will do it in the morning after the fajr prayer.
I will do it my way.
I will do it myself.
I will do it on condition that I am paid.
I will do it on condition that Tom allows it.
I will do it on condition that you support me.
I will do it on the condition that you help me.
I will do it only if Tom approves it.
I will do it right now.
I will do it some other time.
I will do it the same.
I will do it tomorrow before lunch.
I will do it tomorrow.
I will do it when I can.
I will do it when I want to.
I will do it when Tom leaves.
I will do it when it suits Tom.
I will do it with Tom.
I will do it, but only with Tom.
I will do it, if that's what it takes.
I will do it.
I will do my best in everything.
I will do my best to amuse you, and I hope I shall succeed, for you have inspired me with the liveliest interest.
I will do my best to finish it.
I will do my best to help her.
I will do my best to help you.
I will do my best to pass the examination.
I will do my best to put such an idea out of your head.
I will do my best.
I will do my duty to the best of my ability.
I will do my homework.
I will do my weekend shopping with my daughter.
I will do some tests.
I will do that for you.
I will do that tomorrow.
I will do that work on condition that I get paid for it.
I will do that.
I will do the best I can.
I will do the homework.
I will do the machine maintenance.
I will do the papering after you do the painting.
I will do the shopping for her birthday.
I will do the talking.
I will do the weekend shop with my daughter.
I will do the work to the best of my ability.
I will do this video in Berber.
I will do this.
I will do well on the test.
I will do what I can for my part.
I will do what I can for you.
I will do what I need to do.
I will do what I want.
I will do what he says.
I will do what she says.
I will do what you say.
I will do what you tell me.
I will do whatever I can for you.
I will do whatever I can to help you.
I will do whatever I think is right.
I will do whatever it takes to get that promotion.
I will do whatever it takes to get that raise.
I will do whatever it takes to have my revenge.
I will do whatever you ask.
I will do whatever you tell me to do.
I will do whatever you wish.
I will draw a picture.
I will draw water from the well.
I will drink a coffee and expose myself to the wind to fight drowsiness.
I will drink buffalo sauce straight from the bottle.
I will drink for you in spirit.
I will drink some acai.
I will drink the coffee.
I will drink the tea.
I will drive through France again.
I will drive to Paris tomorrow.
I will drive very slowly.
I will drive you to Brindisi.
I will drive you to the new store.
I will drop by later.
I will drop off this package at the Jones' when I go to work.
I will drop off this package at the Jones’ when I go to work.
I will dry your T-shirt.
I will eat a Hallowen Blue Berry Jelly Dessert.
I will eat a chocolate snack.
I will eat a soup.
I will eat a spoonful of wasabi.
I will eat an apple.
I will eat an orange.
I will eat century egg.
I will eat chocolate.
I will eat coffee flavored pudding.
I will eat delicious ducks.
I will eat here.
I will eat it.
I will eat my cake.
I will eat only meat.
I will eat oranges.
I will eat pumpkin pudding.
I will eat some sweet chestnuts.
I will eat supper at seven.
I will eat sweet and sour spareribs tonight.
I will eat the apple.
I will eat the meat.
I will eat the orange.
I will eat this pear as last.
I will eat with my friends in the afternoon.
I will eat you alive.
I will eat your bananas.
I will eat your oranges.
I will eat your raspberries.
I will eat.
I will email you after I check it thoroughly.
I will employ somebody who can speak English.
I will employ the girl, because she can speak French.
I will end you.
I will endeavor to complete my task.
I will endorse it.
I will endure.
I will ensure that Tom does it.
I will ensure that your salary increases after one year.
I will enter the swim meet.
I will err on the side of optimism.
I will establish my covenant with you, and all flesh shall be no more destroyed with the waters of a flood, neither shall there be from henceforth a flood to waste the earth.
I will establish myself as a lawyer.
I will examine your report.
I will execute great vengeance on them with wrathful rebukes; and they shall know that I am Yahweh, when I shall lay my vengeance on them.
I will expect her in two weeks.
I will expect him in two weeks.
I will explain everything to you now.
I will explain it for you.
I will explain it to her.
I will explain it to him.
I will explain it to you after.
I will explain the meaning of each phrase after we read them.
I will explain the problem to you later.
I will explain the situation to you later on.
I will explain this joke to you later.
I will explain to him until he understands.
I will explain to you briefly what happened.
I will extol thee, my God, O king; and I will bless thy name for ever and ever.
I will face challenges head-on, not shy away.
I will face death, if it is necessary.
I will face him even if he is stronger than me.
I will fail Arabic Level 5 if I don't get at least a C in the final exam.
I will falsify a permit so that I can go camping there this weekend.
I will feign indifference.
I will fell a tree.
I will fight back against Tom's malevolence.
I will fight for my people.
I will fight to the death.
I will fight to the last breath.
I will fight until the end.
I will fight you.
I will fight.
I will file my application under a different category.
I will fill you up with my cum.
I will find Tom.
I will find a cure for Tom.
I will find a job in China.
I will find a way to repay you.
I will find another job.
I will find her.
I will find him elsewhere.
I will find my own way.
I will find out how the medicine works.
I will find the person who did this.
I will find you a good doctor.
I will find you and I will buy you.
I will find you and I will fuck you.
I will find you and I will kill you.
I will find you your lost ring.
I will find you, Charley.
I will finish it by the time he comes back.
I will finish it by tomorrow afternoon.
I will finish my homework by nine.
I will finish reading the book in a week.
I will finish serving my sentence next month.
I will finish the entire book in four days.
I will finish the work in five days.
I will finish this course in late 2013.
I will finish this work by 5 o'clock.
I will finish this work by 5 o’clock.
I will finish this work in a month.
I will finish this work somehow.
I will finish what Tom started.
I will fix it for Tom.
I will fix it.
I will fly like a bird to the mountains.
I will fly to Germany.
I will fly to N.Y., or anywhere else.
I will focus on the explanation of the festival.
I will follow Tom.
I will follow her.
I will follow him.
I will follow the law.
I will follow you until death, Georges!
I will follow you very soon.
I will follow you wherever you go.
I will follow you, Tom.
I will follow you.
I will follow your advice fully from here onwards.
I will follow your advice.
I will forever be immortal.
I will forever feel burdened by this secret.
I will forgive him out of consideration for you.
I will forgive him out of consideration.
I will fulfill my dream.
I will get Tom to fix my car.
I will get Tom.
I will get a driver's license when I reach eighteen.
I will get a driver’s license when I reach eighteen.
I will get arrested anyways.
I will get back around noon.
I will get back in the kitchen.
I will get back to work, if you excuse me.
I will get comments.
I will get detention.
I will get even with you for this.
I will get even with you some day.
I will get even with you some day. Remember it.
I will get even with you someday. Remember that.
I will get him to come and help me.
I will get in touch with him as soon as possible.
I will get in touch with you again about this matter.
I will get in touch with you next week.
I will get in touch with you.
I will get it back from Tom.
I will get it for you.
I will get married this year.
I will get married within two or three years.
I will get my brother to carry your bag for you.
I will get off at the next stop.
I will get off the train at the next station.
I will get onto that.
I will get over it.
I will get ready as fast as I can.
I will get revenge for this insult, you can be sure of that!
I will get revenge from you my enemy.
I will get some snacks.
I will get that classic car at all costs.
I will get the machine running.
I will get the truth from Tom.
I will get the work done in a week.
I will get these shoes repaired by tomorrow.
I will get through with my homework before he comes.
I will get to the foot of the hill before dawn.
I will get up at 10am tomorrow.
I will get up before the day is breaking.
I will get up early tomorrow.
I will get you a Kabyle dress.
I will get you a bicycle for your birthday.
I will get you a bike for your birthday.
I will get you sent across.
I will get you sorted out, sir.
I will get you to try it.
I will gift you a cycle on your birthday.
I will give a book to Kahina.
I will give a bunch of flowers to my girlfriend.
I will give an example.
I will give birth to my baby who is due to be born on January 1st.
I will give her a pen.
I will give her a recipe.
I will give her the book tomorrow.
I will give him a good talking-to.
I will give him a recipe.
I will give him another chance.
I will give him the book tomorrow.
I will give him trouble.
I will give him your message when he shows up.
I will give it a try.
I will give it to her tomorrow.
I will give it to him tomorrow.
I will give it to you.
I will give some food to the hens.
I will give the money back to you tomorrow.
I will give them food.
I will give them what they deserve.
I will give these tickets to whoever wants them.
I will give this book to whoever wants it.
I will give this to you.
I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven; and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.
I will give up drinking at any cost.
I will give you a bicycle for your birthday.
I will give you a bike for your birthday.
I will give you a call as soon as I get home.
I will give you a call as soon as I know for sure.
I will give you a call as soon as the decision comes through.
I will give you a call tomorrow night.
I will give you a good example to illustrate what I mean.
I will give you a laptop.
I will give you a large folder.
I will give you a little bit more.
I will give you a new bicycle for your birthday.
I will give you a notebook.
I will give you a recipe.
I will give you a ride home.
I will give you a ride in my car.
I will give you a ring every night.
I will give you all the treasure hidden in this castle if you will spare my life.
I will give you an example.
I will give you anything you want.
I will give you as much time as you need for it.
I will give you back the CD in a week.
I will give you five days' grace.
I will give you five days’ grace.
I will give you five dollars.
I will give you half of my ice cream.
I will give you my red shoes if you will give him back to me.
I will give you permission to do it.
I will give you some examples.
I will give you ten minutes to work out this problem.
I will give you the address of a good hotel in Aix-en-Provence.
I will give you the money tomorrow.
I will give you the money.
I will give you the radius of the Ferris wheel and then you compute its circumference.
I will give you this bicycle as a birthday present.
I will give you this book.
I will give you this.
I will give you what help I can.
I will give you what little money I have.
I will give you whatever is in this box.
I will give you whatever you want.
I will gladly answer your questions. So shoot!
I will gladly call my parents.
I will gladly do my duty.
I will gladly help you.
I will go abroad next year.
I will go after him.
I will go along with you as far as the station.
I will go along with your plan.
I will go and get it and then come back.
I will go and help.
I will go and pick it up and then come back.
I will go and pick up my child from daycare.
I will go and take a look at the house.
I will go at 10.
I will go back and fetch it.
I will go between you and your father.
I will go by bus.
I will go cycling even if it rains.
I will go down and see whether they have done according to the cry that is come to me; or whether it be not so, that I may know.
I will go down with thee thither, and will bring thee back again from thence: Joseph also shall put his hands upon thy eyes.
I will go either by bus or by train.
I will go even if it rains tomorrow.
I will go even if it rains.
I will go even if it should rain heavily.
I will go for a medical.
I will go for a ride on my bicycle when the sun is down.
I will go for a walk if it is nice tomorrow.
I will go for a walk.
I will go for vacation in August.
I will go home and chill with my family.
I will go if I must.
I will go if the rain stops.
I will go if you come.
I will go if you go.
I will go next week!
I will go on a trip.
I will go on ahead.
I will go on foot.
I will go on strike.
I will go out after I finish my homework.
I will go out if he comes here.
I will go out if it is fine tomorrow.
I will go out now.
I will go out rather than watch TV.
I will go out to the city tomorrow.
I will go out to the village tomorrow.
I will go out tomorrow.
I will go out when I have finished this work.
I will go out when Mother comes back.
I will go out with my father tomorrow.
I will go out with my mother tomorrow.
I will go out without anyone asking me where I am going.
I will go outside at night.
I will go pick him up.
I will go provided that she comes.
I will go provided that the others go.
I will go regardless of the weather.
I will go right to Tom's place.
I will go shopping with you.
I will go shopping.
I will go skiing in Hokkaido.
I will go swimming tomorrow.
I will go teach in Ukraine.
I will go there and see what has happened.
I will go there by plane.
I will go there even if it rains.
I will go there in place of you.
I will go there no more.
I will go there on foot or by bicycle next time.
I will go there with Tom again.
I will go there with Tom.
I will go through that trouble again.
I will go to Algeria.
I will go to America tomorrow.
I will go to Athens.
I will go to Australia by train.
I will go to Barcelona on the weekend.
I will go to France on holiday.
I will go to Hokkaido tomorrow.
I will go to Ireland this summer.
I will go to Istanbul.
I will go to Italy.
I will go to Japan in 2020.
I will go to Japanese class tomorrow.
I will go to Kumamoto to see Mr Aoi tomorrow.
I will go to Kumamoto to see Mr. Aoi tomorrow.
I will go to London tomorrow morning.
I will go to New York next week.
I will go to Ranchi.
I will go to Sydney on business next month.
I will go to Tokyo tomorrow.
I will go to a performance tomorrow.
I will go to buy the meat for the stew.
I will go to clear my mind.
I will go to encourage him.
I will go to forget.
I will go to help.
I will go to school.
I will go to see him instead of you.
I will go to the back and deposit some money.
I will go to the beach tomorrow and look for seashells.
I will go to the beach.
I will go to the city.
I will go to the doctor this afternoon.
I will go to the market.
I will go to the meeting.
I will go to the mountains if I have the money.
I will go to the movies either on Saturday or on Sunday.
I will go to the park.
I will go to the restaurant at 7:30 pm.
I will go to the reunion.
I will go to the school tomorrow.
I will go to the sea if it is fine tomorrow.
I will go to the sea, but you, on the other hand, will go to school.
I will go to the store and buy an orange.
I will go to the theater.
I will go to the theatre.
I will go to the university tomorrow, too.
I will go to the village.
I will go to warm up. Snow is falling.
I will go to your house tomorrow.
I will go tomorrow morning at seven.
I will go too.
I will go very slowly.
I will go weekend shopping with my daughter.
I will go when he comes back.
I will go when they come back here.
I will go when you do.
I will go wherever you want.
I will go with Tom in case he needs help.
I will go with her to the cafeteria.
I will go with him to the cafeteria.
I will go with you after I have eaten my lunch.
I will go with you as far as Narita Airport.
I will go with you if necessary.
I will go, be the weather what it may.
I will go, even if it rains.
I will go, provided the weather is clear.
I will go, rain or shine.
I will go.
I will graduate in two years.
I will graduate next year, I hope.
I will grant that you are right on this point.
I will grant you three wishes.
I will grow many trees here.
I will grow the crop.
I will guess the number.
I will guide you through all.
I will guide.
I will hand in my report after school.
I will hand it over to Tom personally.
I will happily do it.
I will harvest my wheat in July.
I will haunt you.
I will have Tom clear the room out.
I will have Tom fix my car.
I will have a beer with Tom.
I will have a driving test tomorrow.
I will have a glass of sparkling wine with the local council Friday and then thank them for doing an excellent job, and I will disappear into the twilight, ride off into the sunset.
I will have a sandwich.
I will have another beer.
I will have another cup of coffee after lunch.
I will have been loved.
I will have been staying in this hotel for one month next Sunday.
I will have been studying English for five years next February.
I will have been studying English for six years by the end of next month.
I will have been studying for five years next February.
I will have been to Hokkaido three times if I go once again this summer.
I will have been to Nagasaki three times if I go there again.
I will have been to New York twice this time.
I will have been to Paris five times when I go there again.
I will have been to the States three times if I go there again.
I will have climbed Mt. Fuji four times if I climb it again.
I will have done the work by ten o'clock.
I will have finished it by then.
I will have finished my homework by Tuesday.
I will have finished reading this book by Tuesday.
I will have finished reading this novel by the time you come tomorrow.
I will have finished the work before you return.
I will have finished the work by eight o'clock.
I will have finished the work by eight o’clock.
I will have finished the work by next week.
I will have finished the work by noon.
I will have finished the work by seven this evening.
I will have finished this task by next Friday.
I will have finished this task by the time the teacher comes.
I will have good memories of my time in Boston for many years.
I will have graduated from college by the time you come back from America.
I will have her call the patient.
I will have her call you as soon as she comes back.
I will have him call you the moment he gets back.
I will have him carry the baggage upstairs.
I will have him come here the day after tomorrow.
I will have him come.
I will have him mend my shoes.
I will have him repair this watch.
I will have it uploaded by Friday.
I will have it.
I will have joined the ski tour five times when I join it again.
I will have left here before you return.
I will have left when you return.
I will have lived here for ten years next month.
I will have mine with milk, please.
I will have mineral water.
I will have my hair cut.
I will have my own way.
I will have my sister pick you up at the station.
I will have no more of this.
I will have obtained a driver's license by the end of the year.
I will have obtained a driver’s license by the end of the year.
I will have order in this courtroom!
I will have read Hamlet three times if I read it again.
I will have read the novels through by that time.
I will have reasons to live as long as there is something to learn, something to do, something to dream about.
I will have repaired your watch by tomorrow.
I will have some chocolate please.
I will have some vacation days.
I will have spent all this money in three months.
I will have the best you possess in return for my precious potion!
I will have the last word.
I will have the same as Tom.
I will have time for my grand-mother tomorrow.
I will have time to help you later in the afternoon.
I will have to be away for some time.
I will have to change my ways.
I will have to decline.
I will have to do something with Tom tomorrow.
I will have to find another one.
I will have to fire you for consistent tardiness.
I will have to fire you if you come late so often.
I will have to get rid of this worn-out carpet.
I will have to go.
I will have to help them.
I will have to inform them.
I will have to learn how to make beef fried rice.
I will have to look deeper into this matter.
I will have to pass after all.
I will have to pass, thanks.
I will have to practice Italian.
I will have to read the book.
I will have to replace the washing machine.
I will have to speak to Tom about it.
I will have to speak to her about it.
I will have to study harder.
I will have to study tomorrow.
I will have to take on someone to do Tom's work.
I will have to take on someone to do Tom’s work.
I will have to take over Father's business in the future.
I will have to take over Father’s business in the future.
I will have to take your word for it.
I will have to tell him the truth tomorrow.
I will have to wait till I finish schooling and start earning money.
I will have to work all day on it.
I will have to work on Sunday.
I will have to write a letter to explain this.
I will have worked 10 hours by suppertime.
I will head to the pond as soon as the sun rises.
I will help as much as I can.
I will help her no matter what you say.
I will help him no matter what you say.
I will help him to the best of my ability.
I will help him tomorrow.
I will help with everything I can.
I will help you all I can.
I will help you as far as I can.
I will help you buy one concert ticket.
I will help you for the sake of our old friendship.
I will help you from the beginning to the end.
I will help you if I have finished my work by four.
I will help you if possible.
I will help you if you are in trouble.
I will help you in selecting the best from these clothes.
I will help you when I have finished my work.
I will help you, but I won't help Tom.
I will help you, of course.
I will help you.
I will help.
I will hide it from Tom.
I will hide it.
I will hide you away from Tom.
I will hire Tom for that.
I will hit Mary.
I will hit the sack.
I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.
I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. I will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future. The Spirits of all Three shall strive within me. I will not shut out the lessons that they teach.
I will hope for the best.
I will hug them.
I will hurry.
I will illustrate the way people use language.
I will improve the French.
I will include the author's and publisher's names.
I will include the author’s and publisher’s names.
I will inform Tom.
I will inherit his estate.
I will inquire about the matter after I return home.
I will introduce her husband to you.
I will introduce her to you.
I will introduce it whilst showing you photos.
I will introduce my father.
I will introduce you to my parents.
I will introduce you to some friends who study German.
I will investigate this question closely.
I will invite the neighbors to the party.
I will invite you.
I will join a golf club.
I will join it!
I will join the army.
I will join you.
I will judge whether it is superior or not.
I will just hang around here for a while.
I will just take some juice.
I will keep believing in myself and in my own dreams.
I will keep it in my bosom.
I will keep it.
I will keep my fingers crossed for you.
I will keep my fingers crossed.
I will keep nothing back from you.
I will keep on fighting hard against violence of any kind.
I will keep on making your life a real living hell until you take your last breath.
I will keep on smoking no matter what you say.
I will keep pushing forward to make all of my dreams come true.
I will keep supporting Tom.
I will keep the fish alive.
I will keep these words my whole life.
I will keep this experience in mind forever.
I will keep you warm.
I will keep your advice in mind.
I will kick you away.
I will kill all of you.
I will kill every last one of them.
I will kill them all.
I will kill this habit or die trying.
I will kill you!
I will kill you.
I will kill your whole family.
I will know the people of the country better.
I will labor in the cause of humanity.
I will lead you to further victories.
I will learn Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
I will learn Berber.
I will learn Esperanto.
I will learn Uzbek this year.
I will learn to control my thoughts.
I will learn.
I will leave as soon as the bell rings.
I will leave children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, besides the poor sentences I have written.
I will leave everything about the party up to you.
I will leave here in two hours.
I will leave home when my mother comes back.
I will leave if it is fine tomorrow.
I will leave it at that.
I will leave it to your judgement.
I will leave next week!
I will leave soon.
I will leave the experiment to you.
I will leave to distract myself.
I will leave tomorrow, in any event.
I will leave tomorrow.
I will leave when John comes.
I will leave when he arrives.
I will leave you alone.
I will lecture on literature.
I will lend you a pen.
I will lend you all the money I have now.
I will lend you any book that I have, so long as you keep it clean.
I will lend you as much money as you want.
I will lend you money just this once.
I will lend you my car on the condition that you help Tom.
I will lend you some money, on condition that you will repay it in a week.
I will lend you some money, on the condition that you repay it in a week.
I will lend you some money.
I will lend you the books, which I have at my disposal, on condition that you keep them clean.
I will lend you this CD on condition that you don't lend it to anyone else.
I will lend you this CD on condition that you don’t lend it to anyone else.
I will lend you this dictionary.
I will lend you what little money I have now.
I will lend you whatever book you need.
I will let Tom stew.
I will let her go.
I will let her know.
I will let him down.
I will let myself loose.
I will let our love story memories last forever.
I will let you choose.
I will let you go home at once.
I will let you know after I have inquired once more.
I will let you know in advance.
I will let you make the connection on your own before you can conclude.
I will like it.
I will like that.
I will listen to you, especially when we disagree.
I will listen to your chest. Breathe deeply, please. Now hold your breath.
I will listen to your lungs. Breathe deeply, please. Now hold your breath.
I will listen.
I will live forever.
I will live in Kabylie.
I will live in Sasayama next year.
I will live in a city.
I will live in a room with four beds.
I will live in prosperity.
I will live in the city.
I will live in this town starting from the new year.
I will live with my uncle for a month.
I will live.
I will lock the door after they pass.
I will look after my parents in the future.
I will look after the dog.
I will look after this child.
I will look after your cat while you are away.
I will look after your child this evening.
I will look at beautiful tulips.
I will look for a higher-quality product.
I will look for him until I find him.
I will look for thy salvation, O Lord.
I will look into the matter.
I will look it up in the dictionary.
I will look it up on Google.
I will look the other way.
I will lose my job.
I will lose to Tom.
I will lose weight.
I will lose.
I will love the village.
I will love you always, till the end of this summer.
I will love you always.
I will love you and honor you all the days of my life.
I will love you every day any further.
I will love you for all eternity.
I will love you for better for worse till death us do part.
I will love you forever and ever.
I will love you forever!
I will love you forever.
I will love you till my last whisper gets out.
I will love you till the end of time.
I will love you until I can get no more breath from my mouth and nose.
I will love you until I let my last whisper out.
I will love you until my very last breath.
I will love you until there's no breath that can come out from my body.
I will make a bargain with you.
I will make a friend of him.
I will make a man of you.
I will make a man out of you.
I will make a new suit for you.
I will make a note in my notebook.
I will make a video for you.
I will make a video of you.
I will make an application to that firm for employment.
I will make certain of the situation.
I will make every effort to get it.
I will make every effort to pass the entrance examination.
I will make haste.
I will make her happy.
I will make him do it at once.
I will make him go.
I will make him pay the money.
I will make him return what he has stolen.
I will make him shut up.
I will make it clear for her, just in case.
I will make it clear for him, just in case.
I will make it clear for you, just in case.
I will make it clear that I won't come again.
I will make it clear that I won’t come again.
I will make it up to you.
I will make it without a car and on time.
I will make money.
I will make our love memories last for a lifetime.
I will make sentences for three years in that web site.
I will make some coffee.
I will make some tea.
I will make sure of it.
I will make sure our love story last for a lifetime.
I will make sure that never happens again.
I will make that short.
I will make the necessary changes next week.
I will make up for it next time.
I will make up for the damage I did to your car.
I will make up for the lost time by studying as hard as I can.
I will make up for the lost time by working as hard as I can.
I will make updates on the weekends.
I will make use of this opportunity.
I will make you a potion, and before sunrise you must swim ashore with it, seat yourself on the beach and drink it; then your tail will divide and shrivel up to what men call beautiful legs, but it hurts, it is as if a sharp sword were running through you.
I will make you busy.
I will make you happy.
I will make you pay for this.
I will make you regret it.
I will make you regret your words.
I will manage my life and my thoughts as if the entire world had to be the witness of one and could read into the others.
I will manage. Mark my words.
I will marry a beautiful Estonian woman.
I will marry a beautiful woman from Estonia.
I will marry you provided I can sleep in my own bed.
I will marry you.
I will marshal a fair amount of scientific data to support my argument.
I will measure the weight of the horse.
I will measure your blood pressure.
I will meet a friend.
I will meet him at the bus stop.
I will meet him some other time.
I will meet my family.
I will meet some friends.
I will meet with them.
I will meet you at the station at 10 a.m.
I will meet you at the station at 10 p.m.
I will meet you at the station tomorrow.
I will meet you at the train.
I will meet you at three o'clock tomorrow.
I will meet you at three o’clock tomorrow.
I will meet you in the hotel foyer.
I will meet you off the train tomorrow.
I will meet you.
I will mentally return to childhood and do it all over again.
I will mention him in the letter I'll write to her.
I will miss Moldova.
I will miss Tunis, too.
I will miss him a lot.
I will miss them both so much.
I will miss them.
I will miss this place.
I will miss you all so much.
I will miss you all.
I will miss you in two nights.
I will miss you so much.
I will miss you.
I will model for him provided I keep my clothes on.
I will most likely choose him as our president.
I will move out of my parents' house.
I will murder Tom and Mary.
I will name everything for you.
I will need an eternity to explain everything.
I will need breaks.
I will need but a few minutes.
I will need her help.
I will need it.
I will need more time.
I will need some help.
I will need some money.
I will need their help.
I will need to add new dictionaries to the library.
I will need to think for a while before I answer you.
I will need two more sailors.
I will need your help.
I will neither confirm nor deny these allegations.
I will never abandon you.
I will never accept this!
I will never agree to it.
I will never agree to such a flagrant miscarriage of justice.
I will never agree to this.
I will never allow you to get back into my life, I am too prideful to let you back in in my love life.
I will never apologize for the United States of America, ever. I don't care what the facts are.
I will never be able to sacrifice my own dreams, and I'll never be able to stop pursuing my own dreams in life.
I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am.
I will never be anyone's booty call nor second option!
I will never be capable of understanding her motives.
I will never be capable of understanding his motives.
I will never be capable of understanding their motives.
I will never be fluent in German, but I am happy to understand a little bit of this beautiful language.
I will never be fluent in Toki Pona, but I keep on learning that language.
I will never be late again.
I will never be satisfied.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
I will never be your friend.
I will never believe that that is a coincidence.
I will never break the law again.
I will never buy clothes secondhand.
I will never call Sami's number again.
I will never change my mind.
I will never change my ways.
I will never cheat on you!
I will never come back.
I will never confess.
I will never date you, not by any stretch of the imagination.
I will never deviate from my path.
I will never die.
I will never do drugs again.
I will never do it again.
I will never do that again.
I will never do this.
I will never drink again.
I will never drive again.
I will never eat chicken again.
I will never eat chicken anymore.
I will never eat meat again.
I will never eat much when I am about to sleep.
I will never eat pasta again.
I will never ever know the truth.
I will never fall in love again.
I will never find thoughts of hope and dreams.
I will never follow thee.
I will never force you to marry him.
I will never forget Germany.
I will never forget Tom's answer.
I will never forget her answer.
I will never forget her.
I will never forget his answer.
I will never forget his dying words.
I will never forget meeting that popular writer last year.
I will never forget seeing you.
I will never forget that kind, loving woman.
I will never forget that storm.
I will never forget the day when I first met him.
I will never forget the feeling that came over me when the burglar pointed his pistol at me.
I will never forget their warm hands.
I will never forget this day.
I will never forget this moment.
I will never forget this night!
I will never forget this.
I will never forget to keep sweet thoughts in my heart for my dear professor.
I will never forget what Tom did for me.
I will never forget what Tom did to me.
I will never forget what Tom said to me.
I will never forget what you did for my family.
I will never forget you as long as I live.
I will never forget you, the love of my life!
I will never forget you.
I will never forget your kindness as long as I live.
I will never forget your kindness so long as I live.
I will never forget your kindness.
I will never forgive Sami for doing that.
I will never forgive her.
I will never forgive him.
I will never forgive you because you did not stick up for me at the meeting.
I will never forgive you, Ziri.
I will never forgive you.
I will never get back together with her.
I will never get over it.
I will never get tired of thanking you.
I will never get used to waking up early. It's very hard.
I will never give up on my dreams, I'll always find a way or a means to follow them no matter what.
I will never give up!
I will never go away.
I will never go back to that horrible place.
I will never go camping again.
I will never go hiking again.
I will never go out of my way.
I will never go shopping with Jason again.
I will never have a daughter.
I will never have a son.
I will never have anything bad to say about our past relationship, Simon.
I will never have something bad to say about our past love relationship.
I will never hurt you.
I will never invite Tom to my house again.
I will never know the reason why he lied to me.
I will never know who my real parents are.
I will never leave this town.
I will never leave you alone.
I will never leave you.
I will never lend Tom anything again.
I will never let go of my own dreams and I don't want to be filled with regret about things I know I could have achieved.
I will never let these scumbags hurt you.
I will never limit my shitposting.
I will never love you. I hate you.
I will never make a promise that I can't keep.
I will never make such a mistake again.
I will never make that mistake again.
I will never marry her.
I will never marry you again.
I will never mention my aunt to you again.
I will never obey Tom.
I will never part from you. You must come with me and be my wife. We have gone through many troubles together, and now we will share our joys.
I will never regret staying in Algeria.
I will never see him again.
I will never see him.
I will never sell my friend down the river for anything in the world.
I will never set my foot there again.
I will never ski again.
I will never sleep here again.
I will never smoke again.
I will never smoke.
I will never so much as breathe the same air with you again!
I will never speak to you again.
I will never stoop to Tom's level.
I will never stray from my path.
I will never study Esperanto.
I will never surf again.
I will never talk about my granddaughter to you again.
I will never talk to them about my father again.
I will never talk to you about my brother again.
I will never talk to you about my friends again.
I will never talk to you about my mother again.
I will never talk to you about my sister-in-law again.
I will never tell a lie from now on.
I will never tell anybody.
I will never tell anyone where I hid the treasure.
I will never tell it to anybody.
I will never tell this to anyone.
I will never tell you of my granddaughter anymore.
I will never tell!
I will never throw away my Playstation.
I will never translate something for free.
I will never understand how there are people who can make you very happy and at the same time hurt you as well.
I will never understand the allure of wealth.
I will never understand you.
I will never understand.
I will never use a computer again.
I will never violate a law again.
I will never visit Tom again.
I will never wed man without the consent of my parents, yet neither force nor persuasion shall dispose of my hand till you renounce the right I have given you to it.
I will never win at this game.
I will never win.
I will never work for Tom.
I will never write a letter to Mary.
I will never write again in English.
I will never, ever drink again.
I will never, ever eat at this restaurant again.
I will never, ever forgive him.
I will no longer be intimidated by your hectoring.
I will not abandon my children.
I will not abandon you again.
I will not abandon you.
I will not accept no for an answer.
I will not accept the gifts.
I will not add sentences in Russian.
I will not adopt this sentence because I am not Russian.
I will not allow my path through life to be predetermined.
I will not allow myself to be fooled.
I will not allow this to continue.
I will not allow you to be ill-treated.
I will not allow you to do such a thing while I'm alive.
I will not allow you to take such liberties while I'm alive!
I will not allow you to use my pen.
I will not answer you.
I will not apologise.
I will not applaud anyone.
I will not archive her photographs.
I will not ask why you want this.
I will not ask- or else someone will respond.
I will not attempt to comfort you.
I will not attend the party.
I will not be Muslim.
I will not be able to buy it.
I will not be able to do this without your help.
I will not be able to finish if you don't help me.
I will not be able to fit in with the city life.
I will not be able to give you a lesson tomorrow.
I will not be able to open the box without breaking it.
I will not be able to participate in the company meetings in May as I will be traveling in Asia during that time.
I will not be able to pick up Shigemi at the kindergarten.
I will not be able to teach you tomorrow.
I will not be afraid.
I will not be at home tomorrow.
I will not be attending the gala.
I will not be beholden to special interests.
I will not be busy tomorrow.
I will not be defeated.
I will not be dictated to by some idiot in the personnel department.
I will not be disappointed.
I will not be free tomorrow.
I will not be here, but my spirit will be with you!
I will not be home most of the day tomorrow.
I will not be sad to see you go.
I will not become Muslim.
I will not believe it unless and until he tells me so.
I will not blame him for the accident.
I will not borrow money from those people.
I will not buy bread for them tomorrow.
I will not buy this record, it is scratched.
I will not buy this record. It is scratched.
I will not change my speech.
I will not come tomorrow.
I will not come.
I will not date anyone who is not cute.
I will not die entirely.
I will not die here.
I will not die.
I will not do it again.
I will not do such a thing.
I will not do that for the life of me.
I will not do this again anytime soon.
I will not drink because I'm driving.
I will not dwell any longer upon this subject.
I will not eat brains.
I will not eat ice cream.
I will not eat the pears if they are not peeled. I don't like them.
I will not even cry one tear.
I will not follow you.
I will not forget to write to my mother.
I will not forget you.
I will not give an inch on this point.
I will not give in to temptation!
I will not give them a refund.
I will not give them food.
I will not give up!
I will not give up, because I have something that is worth fighting for.
I will not give you a horse.
I will not go Tanzania anymore.
I will not go back to Kabylie.
I will not go by tomorrow.
I will not go out tomorrow if it rains.
I will not go through all of them.
I will not go to Iran until the current regime falls from power.
I will not go to school tomorrow.
I will not go to the length of saying such things.
I will not go to the trouble of taking him there.
I will not go unless it stops raining.
I will not go with you.
I will not go.
I will not hate my siblings.
I will not hear of you going out alone after dark.
I will not help you.
I will not leave you again.
I will not let her do this to you.
I will not let her do this.
I will not let her escape this time.
I will not let him deceive me.
I will not let him do this to you.
I will not let him do this.
I will not let that happen.
I will not let the story go out.
I will not let them do this to you.
I will not let them do this.
I will not let you do it.
I will not let you do this to me.
I will not let you do this.
I will not let you down again.
I will not let you pass.
I will not lie to her.
I will not live in Kobe next year.
I will not live in Sanda next year.
I will not need to add texts manually.
I will not object to your plan.
I will not permit it.
I will not presume to give an opinion.
I will not pretend to be happy.
I will not promise to wait for you, but if we are married, I am sure your heart and my heart will not change until we meet again.
I will not prove anything.
I will not remember it.
I will not resign!
I will not rest until I find the person who did this.
I will not retire until I solve this case.
I will not return their money to them.
I will not say I'm sorry.
I will not say play fair but I would wish that you refrain from indiscreet acts.
I will not say that to her.
I will not see him any more.
I will not sell my soul.
I will not settle for a silver medal.
I will not sleep on the street.
I will not sleep, Hortensio, till I see her.
I will not sleep.
I will not speak French with you again.
I will not squeeze their oranges.
I will not stand for slander.
I will not stand for such insulting claims.
I will not stand for this.
I will not stay here.
I will not sue your children.
I will not take the Corona vaccine.
I will not talk about the failure of my project.
I will not talk to you anymore until you acknowledge that you have made a mistake.
I will not talk until the lawyer arrives.
I will not tolerate critiques.
I will not tolerate failure.
I will not tolerate fighting in my class.
I will not tolerate such a state of affairs.
I will not tolerate such subordination.
I will not tolerate this.
I will not translate contracts anymore.
I will not turn off my computer.
I will not unload the car because other workers have to do that.
I will not wait a minute more.
I will not wait forever.
I will not want to redo it.
I will not watch this channel.
I will not welcome you.
I will not wipe off your tables.
I will not write a letter in English.
I will not write an apology letter.
I will notify Tom.
I will notify you of the arrival of the goods.
I will notify you of the result in one week.
I will now explain this rule to you.
I will now give the floor to Yidir.
I will now give you the title of king.
I will now install all the games.
I will obey.
I will offer it to you.
I will offer this to you.
I will only accept if you pay on time.
I will only be able to love a man who can protect me.
I will only buy the car if they repair the brakes first.
I will only eat meat.
I will only listen to my grandmother.
I will only live for my child in the future.
I will only retrieve my belongings.
I will only say it once, so listen carefully.
I will only say this once, so listen carefully.
I will only take what belongs to me.
I will only visit cities whose inhabitants know English.
I will open it.
I will open the door.
I will open the window because it is a little hot.
I will open your graves.
I will order the spaghetti basket.
I will outlast you all.
I will outlive you all.
I will outlive you.
I will overlook your lateness this time.
I will overthrow the dictator.
I will part company with her.
I will pass the math exam tomorrow, I must buy a calculator.
I will pass two days in the village.
I will pay 7 dollars in addition.
I will pay for it by check.
I will pay for the train in cash.
I will pay him back later in a subtle way.
I will pay my debt as soon as possible.
I will pay the money to you.
I will pay with a credit card.
I will pay you at the end of the month.
I will pay you back next week.
I will pay you back.
I will pay you before Monday.
I will pay you if you get Tom out of the prison.
I will pay you the money tomorrow.
I will penalize you if you do not observe these regulations.
I will perform for you the dance of my people.
I will perform my duties with pleasure.
I will personally be responsible for it.
I will personally sit on you.
I will personally visit you.
I will phone you as soon as I get home.
I will phone you later.
I will pick Tom up.
I will pick him up at the station.
I will pick up a little something for you.
I will pick you up after work.
I will pick you up around six.
I will plan my business trip according to Tom's availability.
I will plant wheat this year.
I will play Sudoku then instead of continuing to bother you.
I will play football tomorrow.
I will play havoc with your house.
I will play soccer tomorrow.
I will play tennis this afternoon.
I will play tennis.
I will play the guitar for you.
I will play with Naoko this afternoon.
I will plow the land.
I will posit a guess: the person who ate my sandwich was once again Bob.
I will post lots of pictures, so it will be like you were there with me.
I will postpone my trip to Scotland until it is warmer.
I will pray for Tom.
I will prepare a little tea.
I will prepare a salad of tomatoes and cheese.
I will prepare an omelet or a salad.
I will prepare grilled fish.
I will prepare tomorrow's lesson before I feel sleepy.
I will prescribe Tom some medication.
I will prescribe a febrifuge to you.
I will present myself at the meeting.
I will print out 5 copies of this.
I will probably be busy this afternoon.
I will probably be given a car by my dad and I would feel happy about it if that happened.
I will probably be the first Polish foreign minister in history to say so, but here it is: I fear German power less than I am beginning to fear German inactivity.
I will probably die.
I will probably get up early tomorrow.
I will promise you nothing.
I will properly carry out the things that I said myself.
I will prosper.
I will protect you from danger.
I will protect you.
I will prove them wrong.
I will prove to the world that you are a very stupid expert.
I will provide you all the necessary information.
I will publish the video anyways.
I will purchase a camera.
I will pursue my dreams.
I will put enmities between thee and the woman, and thy seed and her seed: she shall crush thy head, and thou shalt lie in wait for her heel.
I will put it away in the drawer.
I will put it down to your account.
I will put off my departure if it rains.
I will put on my glasses because I can't hear you.
I will put that on my to-do list.
I will put the egg back in the nest again.
I will put them aside.
I will put this against the wall.
I will put this business through in a week.
I will put up at my friend's tonight.
I will put up at my friend’s tonight.
I will quit smoking for good.
I will quit smoking.
I will quit that party.
I will quit.
I will quote you a passage from one of those letters.
I will raise my children so that they will be protected from superstition.
I will rape you.
I will raze your home!
I will read a beautiful book and discuss it with my family, I will accompany my grandson, I will play with him.
I will read a book when I have finished this task.
I will read a book.
I will read a newspaper after I eat.
I will read it tomorrow.
I will read many sentences in Esperanto.
I will read the athletes' oath at sports day.
I will read the book.
I will read the newspaper after I eat.
I will read this book to the end.
I will read your book with great care.
I will read your comments with pleasure.
I will recall all the past events.
I will recall him.
I will receive the gifts.
I will recommend this website to all my friends.
I will record every action you ever take, everything that happens to you, everything you think or feel, and turn them into Tatoeba sentences.
I will register for that class.
I will reimburse you quite generously.
I will release it.
I will remain at home.
I will remain at your disposal.
I will remain.
I will remand the order I despatched to my banker.
I will remember everything that happened.
I will remember for you forever.
I will remember him.
I will remember it.
I will remember that forever.
I will remember their heroism.
I will remember your kindness for good.
I will remind her.
I will remind him if he forgets.
I will remind you in case you forgot.
I will remind you.
I will reminisce about everything that transpired.
I will reminisce about him.
I will remove France from the map.
I will remove the ceiling.
I will remove the labels tagging the above sentences.
I will rent a car.
I will repair that machine myself.
I will repeat it for you once and for all.
I will repeat it so you will not forget.
I will repeat so that you will not forget it.
I will reply to you after break.
I will report Tom to the police next time.
I will reprimand him.
I will request references about you.
I will rescue you from these horrible circumstances.
I will rescue you.
I will respond to both of your letters.
I will respond to your emails as soon as possible upon my return.
I will respond to your letter.
I will rest for a few days.
I will rest when I die.
I will retire as soon as I turn sixty.
I will return at 6:30.
I will return earlier tomorrow.
I will return everything soon.
I will return for you in 20 minutes.
I will return in two weeks.
I will return the book as soon as I can.
I will return to Australia the day after tomorrow.
I will return to the house before dark.
I will return to this house victorious!
I will return tomorrow.
I will return your book on Tuesday if I have finished it.
I will return.
I will ride to Adekkar.
I will rise now, and go about the city in the streets, and in the broad ways I will seek him whom my soul loves: I sought him, but I found him not.
I will rise now, and go about the city in the streets, and in the broad ways I will seek him whom my soul loveth.
I will run away from you.
I will run every morning from now on.
I will run under the condition that it's not raining.
I will sacrifice everything for you.
I will save up money for when I'm old.
I will save you the trouble.
I will say nothing more of that old king.
I will say something about it.
I will say this only once, so listen carefully.
I will say.
I will scream.
I will scrutinize you closely.
I will search it on the web.
I will see Tom tonight.
I will see a film about the great author Natsagdorj.
I will see her again soon.
I will see him after I get back.
I will see him at the first opportunity.
I will see how to solve this problem.
I will see my friend for two months.
I will see my friends tonight, but my sister won't see hers.
I will see my friends tonight, but my sister won’t see hers.
I will see my uncle tomorrow.
I will see that all goes well.
I will see that such a thing does not come to pass again.
I will see them next week.
I will see them tomorrow morning.
I will see them tomorrow.
I will see them.
I will see to it that everything is ready for your departure.
I will see to it that everything is ready in time.
I will see to it that you meet her at the party.
I will see to it.
I will see what I'm doing.
I will see you after lunch, but don't forget to let me know when you will be back.
I will see you after lunch, but don’t forget to let me know when you will be back.
I will see you again on the Internet!
I will see you all later.
I will see you around.
I will see you home.
I will see you in Berber class.
I will see you later tonight.
I will see you on next Tuesday, that is to say, the 10th of September.
I will see you tomorrow.
I will see you, each in your turn.
I will see!
I will seize the opportunity.
I will sell him my car.
I will sell it as soon as I find a buyer.
I will sell it.
I will sell my car.
I will sell that apartment.
I will sell the boat in accordance with your orders.
I will send Tom there to check it out.
I will send Tom there.
I will send a letter to my brother who lives in Sapporo.
I will send it by email this afternoon.
I will send my army to take the city and slaughter every single person there.
I will send our formal agreement to you.
I will send someone to help you.
I will send the book by post.
I will send you a copy of my plans as soon as I can.
I will send you a copy of this picture as soon as I can.
I will send you a message tonight before I go to bed or tomorrow morning after I get up.
I will send you a recording with my voice.
I will send you a tape of my voice.
I will send you the post which Tom posted on Facebook yesterday.
I will send you to Jesus.
I will send your money as soon as possible.
I will send your teacher a note to excuse your absence.
I will serve my country faithfully.
I will serve you as an escort.
I will set about my task at once.
I will set limits for her.
I will set limits for him.
I will set my alarm clock so that I don't arrive at work late in the morning.
I will set the table before sitting down to eat dinner.
I will set up my alarm o’clock in case I arrive at work late in the morning.
I will share the cost of the taxi with you.
I will share with you in the cost of the taxi.
I will shave my beard.
I will shed light on that incident.
I will shit on everything you love.
I will shit on you.
I will shoot anyone who doubts my mercy.
I will shoot anyone who questions my mercy.
I will shoot her.
I will shoot him.
I will shoot.
I will show her my car.
I will show it to you only once.
I will show it to you.
I will show that it's possible to be reborn from one's ashes.
I will show that it’s possible to be reborn from one’s ashes.
I will show the Kabyles how to self-liberate.
I will show you a new approach to foreign language learning.
I will show you all.
I will show you around in return.
I will show you around the city.
I will show you around.
I will show you fear in a handful of dust.
I will show you how it is done.
I will show you how to get a visa.
I will show you how to go to the park.
I will show you how to solve it.
I will show you my new car.
I will show you round the town.
I will show you some pictures.
I will show you some.
I will show you that man can be reborn from his ashes.
I will show you the library tomorrow.
I will show you the picture.
I will show you your workplace.
I will show you!
I will shower now, because I am dirty.
I will shut him up.
I will shut the entrance behind them.
I will side with you just this once.
I will sing while he is resting.
I will sing you to sleep.
I will sing.
I will sit here until he sings.
I will sleep at my aunt's.
I will sleep at ten o'clock.
I will sleep early so my cold goes away sooner.
I will sleep in the street.
I will sleep next to you, honey.
I will sleep until it is half past eight.
I will sleep well tonight.
I will sleep.
I will smoke and I don't give a fuck about what you say.
I will soon be named ambassador.
I will soon be thirty-five years old.
I will soon catch up with you.
I will soon come to your house.
I will soon come up with you.
I will soon know why.
I will soon see why.
I will speak English to my children from childhood so that they grow up bilingual.
I will speak in the anguish of my spirit.
I will speak loudly, so everyone can hear me.
I will speak no more of it.
I will speak to her about it directly.
I will speak to her alone.
I will speak to him alone.
I will speak to you tomorrow.
I will speak with Bangladesh Bank in this regard.
I will speak with the teacher.
I will speak with you tomorrow.
I will speak.
I will spend 123 years waiting for you.
I will spend my next year vacation abroad.
I will spend next Sunday reading novels.
I will spend two days in the village.
I will spend two months in London.
I will spit on your graves.
I will stand by you whatever happens.
I will stand by you, no matter what.
I will stand firm by my decision to the bitter end.
I will start after he comes.
I will start again.
I will start crying.
I will start early tomorrow, maybe I should go to bed soon.
I will start the movie at 4:30. It should be over by 6:30.
I will start tonight.
I will start wearing slippers this winter.
I will start work soon.
I will start working on July first.
I will start working on July the first.
I will start writing the article only after Sunday.
I will start, even if it rains.
I will start, weather permitting.
I will stay at home tonight.
I will stay at home when she comes next.
I will stay at home.
I will stay at my uncle's house in Kyoto.
I will stay at my uncle's place in Kyoto.
I will stay at the hotel for now.
I will stay at your place for some days.
I will stay here all this month.
I will stay here as my boss has ordered.
I will stay here five days at least.
I will stay here for a short period.
I will stay here till three o'clock.
I will stay here till three o’clock.
I will stay home if it rains tomorrow.
I will stay home today.
I will stay home tomorrow.
I will stay home tonight.
I will stay home, today.
I will stay if you stay too.
I will stay in New York for five days.
I will stay in Urfa for at least another day.
I will stay in the village.
I will stay standing, thanks.
I will stay there.
I will stay two days in the village.
I will stay until the end.
I will stay until tomorrow.
I will stay with you provided that you stay here.
I will stay with you until Sunday morning.
I will stay.
I will stop Tom.
I will stop him from going.
I will stop it.
I will stop living, but I have lived.
I will stop procrastinating.
I will stop you.
I will stop.
I will study English at home.
I will study English hard from now on.
I will study German.
I will study abroad on my own.
I will study abroad when I have finished school.
I will study it.
I will study.
I will submerge you in the sea and give you as food to the fishes unless you immediately restore Chloe to the Nymphs, together with the herds and flocks.
I will succeed at any cost.
I will suck your blood.
I will sue you.
I will summon the neighbors for the celebration.
I will support him.
I will support your proposal with pride.
I will surely miss them.
I will survive.
I will sweep my room.
I will sweep out my room.
I will take Tom's proposal into consideration.
I will take a shower the day after tomorrow.
I will take advantage of the summer vacation to travel abroad.
I will take an exam tomorrow.
I will take both this one and that one.
I will take care of the dog.
I will take care of the flowers.
I will take care of you when you are old.
I will take either bus or train.
I will take her there.
I will take his place.
I will take it with me.
I will take it.
I will take my mother out in my new car tomorrow.
I will take my revenge on him.
I will take my sister to Athens today.
I will take our love memories to my grave.
I will take over from here.
I will take some olive oil to everyone, and I won't miss anyone.
I will take such action as seems necessary.
I will take that apartment.
I will take that as a compliment.
I will take that as a yes.
I will take the beefsteak.
I will take the first bus that comes.
I will take the herring salad.
I will take the lift.
I will take the next plane for New York.
I will take the one that is more expensive.
I will take the path laid out by my father.
I will take the shortest route.
I will take these socks as well.
I will take this path.
I will take this tie, as it seems to be the best.
I will take three of each kind.
I will take what is mine.
I will take you all to Kabylie.
I will take you for a swim.
I will take you home.
I will take you to Tom's place.
I will take you to a safe place.
I will take you to my palace tomorrow.
I will take you to my village.
I will take you to the zoo one of these days.
I will take you wherever you want, my love.
I will take your bag down for you.
I will take your suitcase.
I will talk about it with my horse.
I will talk to Tom about it later.
I will talk to her about it today.
I will talk to him about it.
I will talk to him confidentially.
I will talk to him if I see him.
I will talk to my teacher tomorrow.
I will talk to them if I meet them.
I will talk with Marty about that, and ask his opinion on it.
I will teach Esperanto in my land.
I will teach you Hausa and you will teach me Korean.
I will teach you a tough lesson!
I will teach you how to fish next Sunday.
I will teach you how to play chess.
I will teach you how to skate next Sunday.
I will teach you this skill.
I will teach you to play chess.
I will teach you to program, but not today.
I will teach you.
I will telephone you as soon as they return.
I will telephone you later on.
I will tell Dad that you said that.
I will tell Fadil that you're with me.
I will tell Tom about the movie when I have seen it.
I will tell Tom about what I saw.
I will tell Tom everything when I see him.
I will tell her about you.
I will tell her the truth.
I will tell her tomorrow.
I will tell her what to say at the meeting.
I will tell her.
I will tell him about it when he comes next time.
I will tell him about you.
I will tell him so when he comes back.
I will tell him the news as soon as I see him.
I will tell him the truth.
I will tell him tomorrow.
I will tell it all to your wife.
I will tell it to him at the proper time.
I will tell my parents that I want to leave by myself.
I will tell of the incident.
I will tell only of the lone tomb in the darkest of the hillside thickets; the deserted tomb of the Hydes, an old and exalted family whose last direct descendant had been laid within its black recesses many decades before my birth.
I will tell the rest tomorrow.
I will tell the teacher all about it.
I will tell the woman what I know.
I will tell them.
I will tell thy wandering, which do thou write in the tablets of thy memory.
I will tell you a secret.
I will tell you a story.
I will tell you about Japan.
I will tell you about him.
I will tell you about the case.
I will tell you about what happened to me.
I will tell you all, sir. Do not imagine that my agitation on behalf of my son arises from any fear lest he should have had a hand in this terrible affair. He is utterly innocent of it. My dread is, however, that in your eyes and in the eyes of others he may appear to be compromised.
I will tell you exactly how the matter stands.
I will tell you her name.
I will tell you his name.
I will tell you if you wish.
I will tell you more about Japan.
I will tell you my life story how it truly was.
I will tell you my name.
I will tell you my story.
I will tell you right now.
I will tell you the history of my life.
I will tell you the rest tomorrow.
I will tell you the truth.
I will tell you the whole truth.
I will tell you their names.
I will tell you tomorrow.
I will tell you what I am mad about.
I will tell you what I saw.
I will tell you what happened to me.
I will tell you what love is. It's very embarrassing.
I will tell you what love is. It’s very embarrassing.
I will tell you when Tom has gone.
I will tell you when you visit.
I will tell you, a lot of the problems that cross my desk are really hard to solve. If they end up on my desk, it’s because other people couldn’t solve them.
I will tell you.
I will tell your father everything.
I will testify.
I will think about it.
I will think of something.
I will tie a rope round your waist, so that I may be able to pull you up again when you call.
I will transfer the money.
I will transform fear into motivation.
I will translate.
I will travel abroad next year.
I will travel abroad.
I will travel all around the world.
I will travel by plane.
I will travel to France by train.
I will travel to Madrid.
I will travel to work at your office by bus.
I will trust you with one secret.
I will try again, thank you.
I will try again.
I will try as hard as I can.
I will try but don't know if I will succeed.
I will try it again.
I will try it in the bedroom.
I will try it this time.
I will try it.
I will try my best, whether I shall be successful or not.
I will try next week.
I will try not to disturb you while you are studying.
I will try not to interrupt you while you are studying.
I will try to answer it.
I will try to avoid Tom.
I will try to avoid tunnels as much as possible.
I will try to be on time.
I will try to call Tom around for lunch.
I will try to catch his eyes.
I will try to dissuade my friend from doing such a thing.
I will try to do my best.
I will try to eat it in one bite.
I will try to explain myself more clearly.
I will try to explain myself.
I will try to explain to you what has happened.
I will try to find the appropriate answer.
I will try to find them.
I will try to fix the thing but I don't promise to do so.
I will try to follow your advice.
I will try to invite Tom for lunch.
I will try to live up to your expectations.
I will try to make it at home.
I will try to pay his bills tomorrow.
I will try to pay what I owe by the end of the month.
I will try to regain my balance.
I will try to retell it in my own words.
I will try to say it guardedly, I will only politely hint at it.
I will try to say it in French.
I will try to sleep again later.
I will try to solve the problem at any rate.
I will try to solve the problem.
I will try to translate more sentences into German.
I will try to write about political, economical and social events in Moldova.
I will try to write in Kazakh myself.
I will try, but I do not know for sure whether I can go to the movies tomorrow or not.
I will try, but the computer has not been cooperating with me.
I will try.
I will turn in the report at twelve thirty.
I will understand you.
I will understand.
I will use Berber words that you know.
I will use general terms.
I will use that pair of scissors to cut the yellow paper.
I will visit Ait Mlikeche.
I will visit Australia.
I will visit Kyoto.
I will visit Nara next week.
I will visit Tom some other time.
I will visit Tom someday.
I will visit foreign countries someday.
I will visit her tomorrow.
I will visit my grandmother in the hospital.
I will visit my grandmother next week.
I will visit my grandmother's house.
I will visit my uncle in Kyoto this summer.
I will visit the mountains next year.
I will visit the village soon.
I will visit with Tom.
I will visit you as soon as I can.
I will visit you tomorrow without fail.
I will visit you tomorrow.
I will vouch for him.
I will wait 123 years for you.
I will wait a week.
I will wait for a week.
I will wait for my sister here.
I will wait for my turn tomorrow.
I will wait for that.
I will wait for you at the bus stop.
I will wait for you before school starts.
I will wait for you here until you return.
I will wait for you in front of the radio station.
I will wait for you in front of the school.
I will wait for you, my love.
I will wait for you.
I will wait here for you. Come back tomorrow evening.
I will wait here till he comes.
I will wait here until he comes back.
I will wait here until she comes back.
I will wait outside.
I will wait till you have written the letter.
I will wait until she comes.
I will wait until you have finished your homework.
I will wait.
I will walk the dog in the evening.
I will walk to the train station.
I will walk.
I will warn Tom.
I will warn him.
I will wash my car in a hand car wash today.
I will wash my car.
I will wash your car.
I will watch TV as soon as I get through my job.
I will watch a documentary.
I will watch it.
I will watch the video.
I will watch you, Tom.
I will water my flowers.
I will wear a shirt.
I will wear sunglasses.
I will wear what I want.
I will whip up a salad.
I will willingly go away with thee, but I do not know how to get down. Bring with thee a skein of silk every time that thou comest, and I will weave a ladder with it, and when that is ready I will descend, and thou wilt take me on thy horse.
I will win easily.
I will win the competition this week.
I will win the game next time.
I will win this week's competition.
I will win.
I will wipe Tom off the face of the earth.
I will wire you when I get there.
I will work day and night and I will not complain.
I will work hard next time.
I will work hard to contribute!
I will work hard.
I will work this afternoon.
I will work to the best of my ability.
I will work.
I will write Judy a letter.
I will write a book about that.
I will write a letter to Judy.
I will write a letter to you.
I will write a letter.
I will write a review of that book.
I will write about how I see my country, The Moldovian Republic.
I will write about it.
I will write another nonsensical sentence just to ask you to translate it for me.
I will write down your name and address.
I will write her when I know her address.
I will write him a civil answer.
I will write him as soon as possible.
I will write him when I know his address.
I will write it down in case I forget.
I will write letters to you as often as I can.
I will write them a note.
I will write to her tomorrow.
I will write to him at once.
I will write to him later.
I will write to him tomorrow.
I will write to my family.
I will write to you as soon as I can.
I will write to you next week.
I will write to you soon.
I will write to you the day after tomorrow.
I will write to you.
I will write you as soon as possible.
I will write you back soon.
I will write you tomorrow.
I will write you when I know your address.
I will, but on one condition.
I will, thanks.
I will.
I willingly eat sweets.
I willingly fulfilled his wish.
I willingly give the grain to the hase and I even give up the straw.
I willingly have done whate'er I could.
I willingly join the Chinese Communist Party.
I wimped out.
I win.
I winced.
I windsurf.
I winked at Tom.
I winked at her because I wanted to know her.
I winked at him.
I winked at my friend.
I winked back.
I winked.
I wipe the dining table.
I wiped my face clean after he spat on me.
I wiped the dirt off my pants.
I wiped the table.
I wiped the window sill with a paper towel.
I wired him a message of congratulation on his graduation.
I wish Adriano a happy birthday.
I wish Adriano a peaceful night.
I wish Adriano a prosperous future.
I wish Adriano a safe journey.
I wish Adriano a speedy recovery.
I wish Adriano a successful career.
I wish Adriano a wonderful day.
I wish Adriano could attend this concert.
I wish Adriano could attend this event.
I wish Adriano could enjoy this movie.
I wish Adriano could experience a different culture.
I wish Adriano could experience the joy of having a child.
I wish Adriano could experience this adventure.
I wish Adriano could have a relaxing weekend.
I wish Adriano could have more self-confidence.
I wish Adriano could join us.
I wish Adriano could learn a new skill.
I wish Adriano could learn to dance salsa.
I wish Adriano could learn to play an instrument.
I wish Adriano could learn to play chess.
I wish Adriano could see his family more often.
I wish Adriano could see the northern lights.
I wish Adriano could see this beautiful view.
I wish Adriano could solve this problem.
I wish Adriano could taste this cake.
I wish Adriano could try scuba diving.
I wish Adriano could try this delicious food.
I wish Adriano could visit this historical place.
I wish Adriano could visit us soon.
I wish Adriano success in his exams.
I wish Adriano the best of luck.
I wish Adriano would come home.
I wish Adriano would stop procrastinating.
I wish Beth were here with me now.
I wish Donald Trump were dead instead of the eight people killed today in Pittsburgh.
I wish Fadil could be a little more nice.
I wish Fadil could stay here all week.
I wish Friday was over and done with.
I wish God did exist.
I wish I could actually do that.
I wish I could afford to buy a car like that.
I wish I could afford to buy a car.
I wish I could afford to buy a house.
I wish I could afford to hire someone to help me do this.
I wish I could afford to rent it!
I wish I could afford to send my daughter to an Ivy League university.
I wish I could agree.
I wish I could already do that.
I wish I could answer that.
I wish I could be a cat.
I wish I could be alone.
I wish I could be as cool as you.
I wish I could be as happy as you.
I wish I could be as rich as you.
I wish I could be convinced otherwise.
I wish I could be here with you today.
I wish I could be in Australia now.
I wish I could be in Australia right now.
I wish I could be in Boston now.
I wish I could be in Boston right now.
I wish I could be in Kabylie right now.
I wish I could be in Paris now.
I wish I could be like Tom.
I wish I could be like you.
I wish I could be more like Tom.
I wish I could be more optimistic about what's going to happen.
I wish I could be more optimistic, but I don't think things will get better soon.
I wish I could be more specific.
I wish I could be more spontaneous.
I wish I could be of more help.
I wish I could be the man you want me to be.
I wish I could be there with you now.
I wish I could be there with you.
I wish I could be who you need me to be, but I can't.
I wish I could be with you.
I wish I could become a bird.
I wish I could believe that.
I wish I could believe you.
I wish I could break the habit of smoking.
I wish I could bring a dog to school.
I wish I could buy a motorcycle.
I wish I could buy everything you wanted.
I wish I could buy one of those.
I wish I could buy one.
I wish I could buy that for you.
I wish I could buy that guitar.
I wish I could buy that house cheap.
I wish I could buy you everything you needed.
I wish I could buy you everything you wanted.
I wish I could care more about my grades but it seems that, at a certain point of my life, I decided they wouldn't be so important anymore.
I wish I could care more about my grades but it seems that, at a certain point of my life, I decided they wouldn’t be so important anymore.
I wish I could change places with Tom, but I can't.
I wish I could change that, but I can't.
I wish I could change that.
I wish I could change, but I can't.
I wish I could come too.
I wish I could come up with a good answer to the question.
I wish I could come with you guys.
I wish I could come with you, but I have a test tomorrow and I need to study.
I wish I could come with you.
I wish I could come, too.
I wish I could communicate better in French.
I wish I could control my emotions.
I wish I could control the weather.
I wish I could cook as well as Tom and Mary do.
I wish I could cook as well as Tom does.
I wish I could cook as well as my mother.
I wish I could cook better.
I wish I could count on your help.
I wish I could dance as well as you.
I wish I could dance better.
I wish I could dance every day.
I wish I could die.
I wish I could do everything that I wanted to do.
I wish I could do it, but I can't.
I wish I could do more to help.
I wish I could do more, but I don't know what else I could do.
I wish I could do more.
I wish I could do something to help Tom.
I wish I could do something to help the hungry children around the world.
I wish I could do something to help.
I wish I could do something.
I wish I could do that already.
I wish I could do that as well as Tom and Mary do.
I wish I could do that as well as Tom does.
I wish I could do that as well as Tom.
I wish I could do that as well as you can.
I wish I could do that as well as you do.
I wish I could do that as well as you.
I wish I could do that better.
I wish I could do that for you.
I wish I could do that like you do.
I wish I could do that myself.
I wish I could do that today, but I can't.
I wish I could do that with you today, but I can't.
I wish I could do that with you.
I wish I could do that, but I can't.
I wish I could do that, too.
I wish I could do that.
I wish I could do the same.
I wish I could do this better.
I wish I could do this faster.
I wish I could do what Tom is doing.
I wish I could draw as well as Serafina.
I wish I could draw as well as Tom.
I wish I could drive as well as Tom does.
I wish I could drive as well as Tom.
I wish I could drive.
I wish I could drop off to sleep like that.
I wish I could eat Adriano's steak every day.
I wish I could eat some chocolate ice cream right now.
I wish I could eat steak more often.
I wish I could explain it better, but I can't.
I wish I could explain it better.
I wish I could explain it.
I wish I could explain to you how important this is to me.
I wish I could explain why I did it.
I wish I could express myself better in French.
I wish I could express myself better.
I wish I could fall asleep as easily as you do.
I wish I could fall asleep like that.
I wish I could fall asleep that quickly.
I wish I could fast-forward through this stage of my life.
I wish I could feel something, but love seems like a distant memory.
I wish I could figure out how to beat the system.
I wish I could figure out how to burn a DVD.
I wish I could figure out how to control my appetite.
I wish I could figure out how to convince Tom to help us.
I wish I could figure out how to convince Tom to stay.
I wish I could figure out how to delete my Facebook account.
I wish I could figure out how to disable comments on my blog.
I wish I could figure out how to do that.
I wish I could figure out how to embed a YouTube video.
I wish I could figure out how to finish this project without asking for help.
I wish I could figure out how to fix this.
I wish I could figure out how to get Flash to work on my iPad.
I wish I could figure out how to get Tom to like me.
I wish I could figure out how to get more people to visit my website.
I wish I could figure out how to get my car painted without paying a lot of money.
I wish I could figure out how to install this software.
I wish I could figure out how to make Tom happy.
I wish I could figure out how to make more money.
I wish I could figure out how to make this work.
I wish I could figure out how to stop my children from fighting.
I wish I could find a good book to read.
I wish I could find a way out.
I wish I could find a way to quiet my mind and find some inner calmness.
I wish I could find one just like it.
I wish I could find out who that was.
I wish I could find someone who loves me.
I wish I could find something to read about collective nouns in Norwegian, or perhaps Danish.
I wish I could find the right words.
I wish I could fly like a bird.
I wish I could fly.
I wish I could forget about that incident.
I wish I could forget it.
I wish I could forget.
I wish I could fuck her.
I wish I could get Tom to do that for me.
I wish I could get Tom to do that with me.
I wish I could get Tom to do that.
I wish I could get Tom to help me.
I wish I could get Tom to help pull weeds in the garden.
I wish I could get Tom to help us.
I wish I could get Tom to quit doing that.
I wish I could get Tom to show me how to do that.
I wish I could get Tom to show me how to juggle.
I wish I could get Tom to stop doing that.
I wish I could get Tom to talk to me.
I wish I could get back the tone and nimbleness I once had.
I wish I could get back to my childhood again.
I wish I could get it out of my head.
I wish I could get lobotomized.
I wish I could get out of here.
I wish I could get warm.
I wish I could give up smoking.
I wish I could give you a big birthday hug.
I wish I could give you a birthday hug.
I wish I could give you a quick answer.
I wish I could give you everything you want.
I wish I could give you more information.
I wish I could give you something, but I can't.
I wish I could give you something.
I wish I could go back and experience those days again.
I wish I could go back in time and meet Carl Sagan.
I wish I could go back in time.
I wish I could go back to Australia.
I wish I could go back to Boston.
I wish I could go back to those days.
I wish I could go back.
I wish I could go camping with you.
I wish I could go outside and play.
I wish I could go somewhere else.
I wish I could go there right now.
I wish I could go to Australia with Tom.
I wish I could go to Australia with you.
I wish I could go to Australia.
I wish I could go to Boston with Tom.
I wish I could go to Boston with you.
I wish I could go to Boston.
I wish I could go to Japan.
I wish I could go to a ball.
I wish I could go to school naked. It'd be so liberating.
I wish I could go to sleep and never wake up until it is over.
I wish I could go to the concert with you.
I wish I could go to the concert.
I wish I could go to the party with you.
I wish I could go with Tom.
I wish I could go with you today.
I wish I could go with you, but I'm not sure if I can.
I wish I could go with you, but as it is, I can't.
I wish I could go with you, but as it is, I can’t.
I wish I could go with you.
I wish I could go, too.
I wish I could go.
I wish I could have another bookshelf in the study, but there is no space for it.
I wish I could have been more help.
I wish I could have been there.
I wish I could have done it by myself.
I wish I could have done more to help.
I wish I could have done more.
I wish I could have done something about that.
I wish I could have done that with you.
I wish I could have done the same thing.
I wish I could have done what Tom did.
I wish I could have eaten at that restaurant with you.
I wish I could have gone to his funeral.
I wish I could have gone with Tom.
I wish I could have gone with her.
I wish I could have helped Tom.
I wish I could have helped you more.
I wish I could have helped.
I wish I could have left the office at 1pm.
I wish I could have met Tom.
I wish I could have met her.
I wish I could have met him.
I wish I could have met my real parents before they passed away.
I wish I could have more time to study.
I wish I could have persuaded Tom to do that for us.
I wish I could have persuaded Tom to do that.
I wish I could have persuaded Tom to join us.
I wish I could have persuaded him to join us.
I wish I could have played better.
I wish I could have seen Tom.
I wish I could have seen it up close.
I wish I could have seen it.
I wish I could have seen them.
I wish I could have seen you.
I wish I could have slept for another few hours.
I wish I could have spoken French.
I wish I could have spoken Spanish.
I wish I could have spoken more English.
I wish I could have spoken more French.
I wish I could have spoken to Tom.
I wish I could have stayed longer.
I wish I could have stuck around for a few more hours.
I wish I could have talked to Tom.
I wish I could have told her the truth.
I wish I could have told him the truth.
I wish I could help Tom.
I wish I could help Yanni.
I wish I could help you do that.
I wish I could help you find a good job.
I wish I could help you more.
I wish I could help you now.
I wish I could help you today, but I can't.
I wish I could help you with that.
I wish I could help you, but I can't stay any longer.
I wish I could help you, but I can't.
I wish I could help you.
I wish I could help.
I wish I could hug you.
I wish I could join the WhatsApp Group.
I wish I could join too.
I wish I could join you.
I wish I could join your club.
I wish I could just sleep for hours.
I wish I could keep war from all Nations; but that is beyond my power. I can at least make certain that no act of the United States helps to produce or to promote war.
I wish I could learn every language in the world.
I wish I could learn languages more easily.
I wish I could leave the office at 1pm.
I wish I could let Tom know we're coming.
I wish I could live at a more relaxed pace, instead of having to watch the clock all the time.
I wish I could live in Australia.
I wish I could live in Boston with you.
I wish I could live in Boston.
I wish I could live in a castle like that.
I wish I could live in a house like this.
I wish I could live in a house that nice.
I wish I could live my life doing only what I wanted to do.
I wish I could live near your house.
I wish I could live on Park Street.
I wish I could look the way I feel I am.
I wish I could lose weight and keep it off.
I wish I could love without restraints and fears.
I wish I could make Tom's pain disappear.
I wish I could make them understand.
I wish I could make these loving moments last longer.
I wish I could make up for lost time.
I wish I could make you understand.
I wish I could meet Tom.
I wish I could meet a guy like Tom who is single.
I wish I could move, but I'm stuck here.
I wish I could paint like that.
I wish I could play guitar like Tom.
I wish I could play guitar like you.
I wish I could play guitar.
I wish I could play tennis as well as Tom and Mary do.
I wish I could play tennis as well as Tom does.
I wish I could play tennis as well as Tom.
I wish I could play the cello better.
I wish I could play the cello.
I wish I could play the clarinet better.
I wish I could play the clarinet.
I wish I could play the flute as well as Ian Anderson.
I wish I could play the guitar as well as Tom does.
I wish I could play the guitar as well as Tom.
I wish I could play the guitar as well as you do.
I wish I could play the guitar.
I wish I could play the piano as well as Susie.
I wish I could play the piano as well as Tom.
I wish I could play the piano better.
I wish I could play the piano.
I wish I could play the saxophone better.
I wish I could play the saxophone.
I wish I could play the trumpet better.
I wish I could play the trumpet.
I wish I could play the tuba as well as Tom.
I wish I could play the ukulele as well as Tom and Mary do.
I wish I could play the ukulele as well as Tom does.
I wish I could play the ukulele as well as Tom.
I wish I could play volleyball as well as Tom does.
I wish I could play volleyball as well as Tom.
I wish I could prevent that from happening.
I wish I could prevent that.
I wish I could prove it.
I wish I could reach up and grab one of those stars.
I wish I could read French better.
I wish I could read faster.
I wish I could recover the lost time.
I wish I could relax listening to music.
I wish I could remember Tom's last name.
I wish I could remember Tom.
I wish I could remember everything Tom told me.
I wish I could remember her name.
I wish I could remember his name.
I wish I could remember how to do that.
I wish I could remember how to do this.
I wish I could remember it.
I wish I could remember people's names and faces.
I wish I could remember what I'm supposed to do.
I wish I could remember what to do.
I wish I could remember where I buried the money.
I wish I could remember where I left my umbrella.
I wish I could remember where I parked my car.
I wish I could remember where I put my keys.
I wish I could remember who I'm supposed to give this to.
I wish I could retire right now.
I wish I could return to Paris and order a dozen oysters at an outdoor cafe while soaking in the sun.
I wish I could run as fast as Tom.
I wish I could run as fast as you.
I wish I could run faster.
I wish I could run too, but it's too much of a hurdle.
I wish I could say for sure.
I wish I could say it doesn't bother me, but that would be a lie.
I wish I could say that nowadays there are no slaves.
I wish I could say the same for myself.
I wish I could say the same.
I wish I could say this was shocking.
I wish I could say yes.
I wish I could see Tom again.
I wish I could see Tom every day.
I wish I could see Tom play.
I wish I could see Tom.
I wish I could see her again.
I wish I could see her.
I wish I could see him again.
I wish I could see the ancient world.
I wish I could see them again.
I wish I could see what was going on.
I wish I could see you at the weekend.
I wish I could see you.
I wish I could share my deepest feelings.
I wish I could show you how much I love you.
I wish I could show you the pretty ice on the trees.
I wish I could sing as well as Lady Gaga.
I wish I could sing as well as Tom and Mary do.
I wish I could sing as well as Tom can.
I wish I could sing as well as Tom does.
I wish I could sing as well as Tom.
I wish I could sing as well as you do.
I wish I could sing as well as you.
I wish I could sing like Tom.
I wish I could sing like you do.
I wish I could sing.
I wish I could sink through the floor.
I wish I could ski like that.
I wish I could skip this.
I wish I could sleep all day.
I wish I could sleep better and fall asleep faster.
I wish I could sleep in a warm cup of coffee.
I wish I could sleep now.
I wish I could speak Berber to talk to my grandmother.
I wish I could speak Chinese as fluently as you.
I wish I could speak English as fluently as you!
I wish I could speak English as fluently as you.
I wish I could speak English half as well as he can.
I wish I could speak English half as well as he.
I wish I could speak English like a native speaker.
I wish I could speak English like you.
I wish I could speak English so well.
I wish I could speak English the way my teacher does.
I wish I could speak English with confidence.
I wish I could speak English, too.
I wish I could speak English.
I wish I could speak French a little better.
I wish I could speak French as fluently as you do.
I wish I could speak French as fluently as you.
I wish I could speak French as well as I speak English.
I wish I could speak French as well as Tom and Mary do.
I wish I could speak French as well as Tom does.
I wish I could speak French as well as Tom.
I wish I could speak French as well as a native speaker.
I wish I could speak French as well as my teacher does.
I wish I could speak French as well as you do.
I wish I could speak French as well as you.
I wish I could speak French better.
I wish I could speak French fluently.
I wish I could speak French half as well as you can.
I wish I could speak French half as well as you do.
I wish I could speak French half as well as you.
I wish I could speak French like a native speaker.
I wish I could speak French like you.
I wish I could speak French more fluently.
I wish I could speak French the way Tom does.
I wish I could speak French well enough to get a job at that company.
I wish I could speak French, too.
I wish I could speak French.
I wish I could speak Japanese, too.
I wish I could speak all the languages of the world.
I wish I could spend more time here in Boston with you.
I wish I could spend more time in Australia.
I wish I could spend more time outdoors.
I wish I could spend more time with friends.
I wish I could spend more time with my family.
I wish I could spend more time with my friends.
I wish I could spend more time with you.
I wish I could stand here with you forever, just looking at the sea.
I wish I could stay a little longer.
I wish I could stay and discuss this more, but I've got to go.
I wish I could stay here another week.
I wish I could stay here for another week.
I wish I could stay here for ever.
I wish I could stay here forever.
I wish I could stay here with you today.
I wish I could stay here with you, but I can't.
I wish I could stay here.
I wish I could stay home.
I wish I could stay in Australia a little longer.
I wish I could stay in Australia longer.
I wish I could stay in Boston a little longer.
I wish I could stay in Boston longer.
I wish I could stay in bed all day.
I wish I could stay longer, but I have to leave.
I wish I could stay longer.
I wish I could stay with you.
I wish I could stay.
I wish I could still do that.
I wish I could still hold you to me like you did when I was a little girl.
I wish I could still swim as well as I used to.
I wish I could stop coughing.
I wish I could stop hiccuping.
I wish I could stop shivering.
I wish I could stop sneezing.
I wish I could stop the overflow of overwhelming thoughts popping up into my mind.
I wish I could stop thinking about Tom.
I wish I could stop thinking about it.
I wish I could stop thinking about what's happened.
I wish I could stop thinking about you.
I wish I could strangle you with my own hands.
I wish I could study French.
I wish I could swim as far as he can.
I wish I could swim as fast as Tom.
I wish I could swim as well as Tom.
I wish I could swim as well as you do.
I wish I could swim as well as you.
I wish I could swim.
I wish I could take away your pain.
I wish I could take back all those terrible things I said about you last night.
I wish I could take back what I said.
I wish I could take it back.
I wish I could take you back to Australia with me when I go.
I wish I could take you back to Boston with me tomorrow.
I wish I could talk about it.
I wish I could talk to Tom.
I wish I could talk to every person in the world.
I wish I could talk to her.
I wish I could talk to him.
I wish I could talk to them.
I wish I could talk to you.
I wish I could talk you out of doing that.
I wish I could tangle your hair into beautiful braids.
I wish I could tell Tom all about it.
I wish I could tell you all the details, but my boss told me not to.
I wish I could tell you otherwise.
I wish I could tell you something positive.
I wish I could tell you something.
I wish I could tell you the reason, but I can't.
I wish I could tell you the reason, but I can’t.
I wish I could tell you the truth.
I wish I could tell you who that is.
I wish I could tell you who they are.
I wish I could tell you why this happened.
I wish I could tell you.
I wish I could think of a good answer.
I wish I could think of a good excuse not to go.
I wish I could think of something to say.
I wish I could throw a shoe at him.
I wish I could travel around the world.
I wish I could travel, but my salary is too small.
I wish I could trust someone without getting stabbed in the back.
I wish I could trust you again.
I wish I could turn back the clock.
I wish I could turn back time.
I wish I could understand French better.
I wish I could understand French.
I wish I could understand Tom.
I wish I could understand what you're saying.
I wish I could understand why this is happening.
I wish I could understand you better.
I wish I could undo the injustice that has occurred. Unfortunately, that is not possible.
I wish I could use magic.
I wish I could visit Australia.
I wish I could visit Boston.
I wish I could wait longer.
I wish I could write a hit song.
I wish I could write as well as Tom.
I wish I could write better.
I wish I could write songs like that.
I wish I could!
I wish I could've been a kid forever.
I wish I could've been more help.
I wish I could've been there.
I wish I could've done it another way.
I wish I could've done it by myself.
I wish I could've done it myself.
I wish I could've done more to help.
I wish I could've done more.
I wish I could've done something about that.
I wish I could've done that myself.
I wish I could've done that with you.
I wish I could've done the same thing.
I wish I could've done what Tom did.
I wish I could've eaten at that restaurant with you.
I wish I could've gone swimming.
I wish I could've gone there with you.
I wish I could've gone with Tom.
I wish I could've gone with you.
I wish I could've helped Tom.
I wish I could've helped you more.
I wish I could've helped.
I wish I could've left earlier.
I wish I could've met Tom.
I wish I could've paid you more.
I wish I could've persuaded Tom to do that for us.
I wish I could've persuaded Tom to do that.
I wish I could've persuaded Tom to join us.
I wish I could've played better.
I wish I could've seen Tom.
I wish I could've seen her.
I wish I could've seen him.
I wish I could've seen it up close.
I wish I could've seen it.
I wish I could've seen that.
I wish I could've seen them.
I wish I could've seen you.
I wish I could've slept for another few hours.
I wish I could've spent more time with my father before he died.
I wish I could've spoken French.
I wish I could've spoken more French.
I wish I could've spoken to Tom.
I wish I could've stayed in Australia a little longer.
I wish I could've stayed in Australia longer.
I wish I could've stayed in Boston longer.
I wish I could've stayed longer.
I wish I could've stuck around for a few more hours.
I wish I could've talked to Tom.
I wish I could've told Tom the truth.
I wish I could.
I wish I could’ve stuck around for a few more hours.
I wish I did not say that at the party.
I wish I did not work tomorrow morning.
I wish I didn't always feel so tired.
I wish I didn't have any children.
I wish I didn't have any kids.
I wish I didn't have kids.
I wish I didn't have so many problems.
I wish I didn't have to be here tomorrow.
I wish I didn't have to deal with this.
I wish I didn't have to do all those things I don't want to do.
I wish I didn't have to do that again.
I wish I didn't have to do that anymore.
I wish I didn't have to do that this week.
I wish I didn't have to do that.
I wish I didn't have to do these reports.
I wish I didn't have to do this every day.
I wish I didn't have to do this today.
I wish I didn't have to do this.
I wish I didn't have to go shopping.
I wish I didn't have to go to Australia next week.
I wish I didn't have to go to Boston next week.
I wish I didn't have to go to Boston tomorrow.
I wish I didn't have to go to school today.
I wish I didn't have to go to work today.
I wish I didn't have to go.
I wish I didn't have to help with the housework.
I wish I didn't have to leave so soon.
I wish I didn't have to leave.
I wish I didn't have to live here.
I wish I didn't have to share a room with my brother.
I wish I didn't have to tell you this, but ...
I wish I didn't have to tell you this.
I wish I didn't have to throw this away.
I wish I didn't have to work this weekend.
I wish I didn't have to work tomorrow.
I wish I didn't have to work tonight.
I wish I didn't have to work.
I wish I didn't look so much like Tom.
I wish I didn't look so old myself.
I wish I didn't need to do that again.
I wish I didn't need to do that this week.
I wish I didn't need to do that.
I wish I didn't need to do this now.
I wish I didn't need to do this.
I wish I didn’t have to tell you this, but ...
I wish I didn’t have to work.
I wish I earned more money.
I wish I felt as good as you feel.
I wish I grew up in Algeria.
I wish I had Tom's brains.
I wish I had Tom's strength.
I wish I had a Canadian passport.
I wish I had a babysitting job.
I wish I had a band.
I wish I had a beautiful girlfriend.
I wish I had a better memory.
I wish I had a bicycle like this one.
I wish I had a bicycle like yours.
I wish I had a boyfriend like Tom.
I wish I had a boyfriend.
I wish I had a brother like you.
I wish I had a brother.
I wish I had a butler like Tom.
I wish I had a camera.
I wish I had a car I could depend on.
I wish I had a car as good as yours.
I wish I had a car as nice as Tom's.
I wish I had a car like Tom's.
I wish I had a car like this.
I wish I had a car that I could depend on.
I wish I had a car.
I wish I had a chance to finish it.
I wish I had a cold boiled potato with salt and pepper, dill pickles, and a cheap American beer.
I wish I had a computer as good as Tom's.
I wish I had a couple of bottles of good wine.
I wish I had a cushy office job with a nice salary.
I wish I had a cute little brother or a cool older brother.
I wish I had a decent job.
I wish I had a dog.
I wish I had a dollar for every time I've heard you say that.
I wish I had a friend like you.
I wish I had a girlfriend as good-looking as yours.
I wish I had a girlfriend like Mary.
I wish I had a girlfriend.
I wish I had a good French dictionary.
I wish I had a guitar as good as yours.
I wish I had a higher salary.
I wish I had a house in the same neighborhood as Tom.
I wish I had a house like Tom's.
I wish I had a house like this.
I wish I had a house of my own.
I wish I had a job as good as yours.
I wish I had a job.
I wish I had a larger office.
I wish I had a little more time to finish this.
I wish I had a little sister.
I wish I had a lot more money.
I wish I had a lot of money.
I wish I had a magic wand.
I wish I had a million dollars.
I wish I had a motorcycle.
I wish I had a new car.
I wish I had a pair of warm gloves.
I wish I had a person to discuss Svartigaldur with.
I wish I had a pet stoat.
I wish I had a pony.
I wish I had a pool.
I wish I had a potato.
I wish I had a reason not to go.
I wish I had a reason not to stay.
I wish I had a room of my own.
I wish I had a roommate to hang out with.
I wish I had a sister.
I wish I had a son like that.
I wish I had a son.
I wish I had a spare key handy.
I wish I had a steady income.
I wish I had a tackle box as nice as yours.
I wish I had a tail.
I wish I had a twin.
I wish I had a voice like Tom's.
I wish I had a voice like his!
I wish I had a wife as good-looking as yours.
I wish I had a wine cellar in my basement.
I wish I had an 80-yen stamp.
I wish I had an answer for you.
I wish I had an answer.
I wish I had an apathy-inducing superpower, although I probably wouldn't care enough to use it.
I wish I had an assistant.
I wish I had an explanation.
I wish I had as many friends as Tom does.
I wish I had as many friends as Tom.
I wish I had as much energy as Tom.
I wish I had as much money as Tom does.
I wish I had as much money as Tom.
I wish I had as much money as you.
I wish I had asked Tom for advice before I started.
I wish I had asked you for advice.
I wish I had been a bird.
I wish I had been able to help.
I wish I had been able to leave the office at 1pm.
I wish I had been an only child.
I wish I had been better, stronger, more decisive, more of a man.
I wish I had been brought up in a family with bigger breasts... Oh, but I'm male so it doesn't matter.
I wish I had been in Boston at that time.
I wish I had been kind to her then.
I wish I had been more careful.
I wish I had been there with you.
I wish I had been there.
I wish I had been with her then.
I wish I had been with you then.
I wish I had better news for you.
I wish I had better news.
I wish I had bought a concert ticket.
I wish I had bought a smaller house.
I wish I had bought a ticket for the concert.
I wish I had bought stock in that company last year.
I wish I had brought a map.
I wish I had brought an umbrella.
I wish I had brought my computer.
I wish I had brought my raincoat.
I wish I had caught Tom.
I wish I had come here by train.
I wish I had come to Boston.
I wish I had dimples.
I wish I had done more.
I wish I had done that yesterday.
I wish I had done that.
I wish I had done this earlier.
I wish I had eaten at that restaurant before it burned down.
I wish I had eaten breakfast.
I wish I had eaten lunch before I came here.
I wish I had eaten more.
I wish I had eaten something else.
I wish I had enough money to buy a car.
I wish I had enough money to buy a house like that.
I wish I had enough money to buy a new bicycle.
I wish I had enough money to buy a ticket.
I wish I had enough money to buy that car.
I wish I had enough money to buy that.
I wish I had enough money to buy the car.
I wish I had enough money to buy this.
I wish I had enough money to retire.
I wish I had enough money to travel around the world.
I wish I had enough time to sleep.
I wish I had fairy godparents to protect me.
I wish I had followed his instructions at that time.
I wish I had followed the doctor's advice.
I wish I had followed the doctor’s advice.
I wish I had gone jogging or something.
I wish I had gone to Australia with Tom.
I wish I had gone to Boston with Tom.
I wish I had gone to Boston.
I wish I had gone to Tom's party yesterday.
I wish I had gone to a trade school.
I wish I had gone to the theater last night.
I wish I had gone with the others to the game yesterday.
I wish I had got married to her.
I wish I had gotten married to Tom.
I wish I had had a camera then.
I wish I had had my seat belt on.
I wish I had had the chance to learn French in high school.
I wish I had had the chance to learn French.
I wish I had helped Tom at that time.
I wish I had helped Tom back then.
I wish I had hugged Tom.
I wish I had kept a complete list.
I wish I had known about this when I was a kid.
I wish I had known her earlier.
I wish I had known his name then.
I wish I had known how to do it.
I wish I had known it!
I wish I had known the truth.
I wish I had known what you were looking for.
I wish I had known.
I wish I had learned French when I was a kid.
I wish I had learned this in school.
I wish I had learned to play guitar earlier.
I wish I had left earlier.
I wish I had listened to Tom.
I wish I had listened to your advice.
I wish I had listened to your warnings.
I wish I had made a complaint.
I wish I had married a nice guy like him.
I wish I had married another man.
I wish I had married her.
I wish I had married your sister instead of you.
I wish I had money to travel around the world.
I wish I had more close friends.
I wish I had more energy.
I wish I had more free time.
I wish I had more friends.
I wish I had more information.
I wish I had more money with me.
I wish I had more money.
I wish I had more pictures of Tom.
I wish I had more time to add multimedia to my courses, but with everything else they have me doing, it is impossible.
I wish I had more time to do things that I really wanted to do.
I wish I had more time to do things with my children.
I wish I had more time to speak.
I wish I had more time to spend with friends.
I wish I had more time to spend with my children.
I wish I had more time to spend with my friends.
I wish I had more time to study.
I wish I had more time to talk to her.
I wish I had more time to talk to you.
I wish I had more time to talk with her.
I wish I had more time to talk with you.
I wish I had more time to talk.
I wish I had more time.
I wish I had more to give you.
I wish I had more.
I wish I had much money.
I wish I had my camera with me right now.
I wish I had my camera.
I wish I had my own car.
I wish I had my own room.
I wish I had my own studio.
I wish I had nerves like Jane Andrews. Nothing rattles her.
I wish I had never been born.
I wish I had never come here at all.
I wish I had never come here.
I wish I had never gotten married.
I wish I had never met Tom.
I wish I had never taken that fateful boat ride.
I wish I had never taken the office.
I wish I had no children.
I wish I had no kids.
I wish I had not bought such a useless thing.
I wish I had not left at 1p.m.
I wish I had not spent so much money.
I wish I had noticed earlier.
I wish I had obeyed his directions.
I wish I had one of those.
I wish I had one.
I wish I had paid more attention to what Tom said.
I wish I had paid my bills on time.
I wish I had pictures of Tom and Mary.
I wish I had punched Tom in the face.
I wish I had putted better.
I wish I had ridden my bicycle here.
I wish I had said that.
I wish I had seen her.
I wish I had seen it before.
I wish I had seen the film.
I wish I had solar-powered car.
I wish I had some answers for you.
I wish I had some beer.
I wish I had some cheese to eat.
I wish I had some good news for you.
I wish I had some help.
I wish I had some proof.
I wish I had somebody to talk to.
I wish I had someone I could snuggle with.
I wish I had someone to love.
I wish I had someone to talk to.
I wish I had someone to tell all my secrets to.
I wish I had someone who loved me.
I wish I had something to contribute.
I wish I had something to do.
I wish I had something to drink.
I wish I had something to give Tom.
I wish I had started earlier.
I wish I had studied English harder when I was young.
I wish I had studied English harder while young.
I wish I had studied French harder when I was younger.
I wish I had studied French harder while I was young.
I wish I had studied French when I was in high school.
I wish I had studied harder for the test.
I wish I had studied harder in my youth.
I wish I had studied harder.
I wish I had such special talents.
I wish I had taken better care of myself.
I wish I had that much time.
I wish I had that opportunity for me to learn Berber.
I wish I had that talent.
I wish I had the ability to do that.
I wish I had the answer.
I wish I had the chance to do that.
I wish I had the chance to learn Russian.
I wish I had the chance to try doing that.
I wish I had the courage to do that.
I wish I had the courage to do what Tom did.
I wish I had the courage to express my feelings.
I wish I had the courage to show my feelings.
I wish I had the courage to speak about my feelings.
I wish I had the courage to talk to her how I feel.
I wish I had the desire to do that.
I wish I had the guts to do that.
I wish I had the kind of job you have.
I wish I had the screenshots.
I wish I had the superpower of making people shut up.
I wish I had the time to stay and talk with you.
I wish I had the whip hand.
I wish I had the will power to stay on a diet.
I wish I had the will power to stop eating junk food.
I wish I had this problem.
I wish I had thought of it.
I wish I had thought of that.
I wish I had thought of this before.
I wish I had thought of this.
I wish I had time for a girlfriend.
I wish I had time to do it.
I wish I had time to do that today.
I wish I had time to do that.
I wish I had time to eat.
I wish I had time to go home and change into something else.
I wish I had time to go home and change into something more appropriate.
I wish I had time to help you.
I wish I had time to study French.
I wish I had time!
I wish I had told Tom the truth.
I wish I had treated the girl more kindly at that time.
I wish I had treated the girl more kindly.
I wish I had tried harder to get along with everyone in the class.
I wish I had visited Boston.
I wish I had waited longer.
I wish I had waited.
I wish I had wings to fly.
I wish I had written it myself.
I wish I had your ability to bounce back from setbacks.
I wish I had your confidence.
I wish I had your dedication.
I wish I had your discipline.
I wish I had your energy - but for peaceful purposes.
I wish I had your energy.
I wish I had your hair.
I wish I had your job.
I wish I had your luck.
I wish I had your problems.
I wish I had your strength.
I wish I hadn't agreed to do that.
I wish I hadn't allowed Tom to do that.
I wish I hadn't argued with Tom.
I wish I hadn't asked Tom for help.
I wish I hadn't asked Tom quit doing that.
I wish I hadn't asked Tom to do that.
I wish I hadn't asked Tom to stop doing that.
I wish I hadn't asked Tom to teach you how to do that.
I wish I hadn't asked Tom to teach you how to drive.
I wish I hadn't been born.
I wish I hadn't been in that fight.
I wish I hadn't been late to Tom's party.
I wish I hadn't been late.
I wish I hadn't been so late.
I wish I hadn't been so stupid.
I wish I hadn't been there.
I wish I hadn't believed Tom.
I wish I hadn't believed her.
I wish I hadn't believed him.
I wish I hadn't believed them.
I wish I hadn't believed you.
I wish I hadn't bet on that horse.
I wish I hadn't borrowed this book from Tom.
I wish I hadn't bought so many.
I wish I hadn't bought so much.
I wish I hadn't bought such a useless thing.
I wish I hadn't bought that.
I wish I hadn't bought this car.
I wish I hadn't bought this.
I wish I hadn't burned my old notebooks.
I wish I hadn't convinced Tom to do that.
I wish I hadn't cried.
I wish I hadn't done that by myself.
I wish I hadn't done that for you.
I wish I hadn't done that with Tom.
I wish I hadn't done that with you.
I wish I hadn't done that.
I wish I hadn't done what I did.
I wish I hadn't drunk so much.
I wish I hadn't drunk that.
I wish I hadn't dyed my hair this color.
I wish I hadn't eaten so much pie.
I wish I hadn't eaten so much.
I wish I hadn't eaten that.
I wish I hadn't eaten the sandwich Tom made for me.
I wish I hadn't eaten the sandwich that Tom made for me.
I wish I hadn't forgotten to buy eggs.
I wish I hadn't forgotten to do my homework.
I wish I hadn't forgotten to do that.
I wish I hadn't forgotten to lock the door.
I wish I hadn't forgotten to study for today's French test.
I wish I hadn't given Tom any money.
I wish I hadn't given Tom my grandfather's violin.
I wish I hadn't given Tom my phone number.
I wish I hadn't given up.
I wish I hadn't gone mountain climbing with Tom.
I wish I hadn't gone there alone.
I wish I hadn't gone there by myself.
I wish I hadn't gone there with Tom.
I wish I hadn't gone there.
I wish I hadn't gone to Australia last month.
I wish I hadn't gone to Australia with Tom.
I wish I hadn't gone to Australia.
I wish I hadn't gone to Boston last week.
I wish I hadn't gone to Boston with Tom.
I wish I hadn't gone to Boston.
I wish I hadn't gone to Tom's party.
I wish I hadn't gone to that party.
I wish I hadn't gone to the party.
I wish I hadn't gotten married so young.
I wish I hadn't gotten married.
I wish I hadn't had to do that by myself.
I wish I hadn't heard that.
I wish I hadn't hit Tom so hard.
I wish I hadn't hit Tom.
I wish I hadn't hit her.
I wish I hadn't hit him.
I wish I hadn't hit you.
I wish I hadn't invited Tom to the party.
I wish I hadn't kissed Tom.
I wish I hadn't kissed her.
I wish I hadn't kissed him.
I wish I hadn't kissed you.
I wish I hadn't known how to speak Turkish.
I wish I hadn't left early.
I wish I hadn't left my windows unlocked.
I wish I hadn't left the door unlocked.
I wish I hadn't left the windows open.
I wish I hadn't lent Tom my car.
I wish I hadn't lent Tom so much money.
I wish I hadn't lent Tom that book.
I wish I hadn't lent my car to Tom.
I wish I hadn't lent so much money to Tom.
I wish I hadn't lent that book to Tom.
I wish I hadn't let Tom and Mary do that.
I wish I hadn't let Tom do that.
I wish I hadn't let Tom drive.
I wish I hadn't let Tom kiss me.
I wish I hadn't lied to Tom.
I wish I hadn't lied to him. I'll never be able to look him in the face again.
I wish I hadn't lied to the police.
I wish I hadn't loaned Tom my car.
I wish I hadn't looked out the window.
I wish I hadn't married Tom.
I wish I hadn't married her.
I wish I hadn't married him.
I wish I hadn't married you.
I wish I hadn't mentioned that I knew Tom.
I wish I hadn't parked my car next to Tom's car.
I wish I hadn't parked my car there.
I wish I hadn't permitted Tom to do that.
I wish I hadn't played chess with Tom.
I wish I hadn't played golf with Tom.
I wish I hadn't promised Mary I'd go to Boston with her.
I wish I hadn't promised Mary I'd help her do that.
I wish I hadn't promised Mary I'd help her.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom I'd go to Australia with him.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom I'd go to Boston with him.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom I'd help him do that.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom I'd help him.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom and Mary I'd go to Boston with them.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom and Mary I'd help them do that.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom and Mary I'd help them.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom that I'd go to Boston with him.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom that I'd help him do that.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom that I'd help him.
I wish I hadn't promised to let you do that.
I wish I hadn't punched Tom in the nose.
I wish I hadn't read Tom's letter.
I wish I hadn't read that book.
I wish I hadn't read the comments.
I wish I hadn't said anything.
I wish I hadn't said that at the party.
I wish I hadn't said that to Tom.
I wish I hadn't said that.
I wish I hadn't scolded Tom so harshly.
I wish I hadn't seen Tom doing that.
I wish I hadn't seen it now.
I wish I hadn't seen such a horrible film.
I wish I hadn't seen that happening.
I wish I hadn't seen that now.
I wish I hadn't seen that.
I wish I hadn't skipped breakfast this morning.
I wish I hadn't skipped breakfast.
I wish I hadn't spanked my son so hard.
I wish I hadn't spent all my money.
I wish I hadn't spent so much money on the present I bought for Tom.
I wish I hadn't spent so much money.
I wish I hadn't spoken French.
I wish I hadn't started doing this.
I wish I hadn't stayed so long.
I wish I hadn't suggested to Mary that she do that.
I wish I hadn't suggested to Tom and Mary that they do that.
I wish I hadn't suggested to Tom that he do that.
I wish I hadn't sung the third song I sang tonight.
I wish I hadn't taken the bus.
I wish I hadn't talked with Tom about that.
I wish I hadn't told Mary I loved her.
I wish I hadn't told Mary that I'd go to Boston with her.
I wish I hadn't told Tom I loved him.
I wish I hadn't told Tom about what I did.
I wish I hadn't told Tom about what I'd done.
I wish I hadn't told Tom about what happened.
I wish I hadn't told Tom about what we did.
I wish I hadn't told Tom about what we had done.
I wish I hadn't told Tom and Mary that I'd go to Boston with them.
I wish I hadn't told Tom anything.
I wish I hadn't told Tom that I forgot to do that.
I wish I hadn't told Tom that I was going to do that.
I wish I hadn't told Tom that I'd do that.
I wish I hadn't told Tom that I'd go to Australia with him.
I wish I hadn't told Tom that I'd go to Boston with him.
I wish I hadn't told Tom that we did that.
I wish I hadn't told Tom that.
I wish I hadn't told Tom to do that.
I wish I hadn't told Tom to show Mary how to do that.
I wish I hadn't told Tom to tell Mary to do that.
I wish I hadn't told Tom where I hid the money.
I wish I hadn't told Tom.
I wish I hadn't told anyone.
I wish I hadn't told her anything.
I wish I hadn't told him anything.
I wish I hadn't told them anything.
I wish I hadn't told you anything.
I wish I hadn't tried doing that by myself.
I wish I hadn't tried doing that.
I wish I hadn't tried driving home after I had drunk so much.
I wish I hadn't tried driving home after drinking so much.
I wish I hadn't tried driving home after having drunk so much.
I wish I hadn't tried to convince Tom to do that.
I wish I hadn't tried to do that by myself.
I wish I hadn't tried to do that.
I wish I hadn't wasted so much time.
I wish I hadn't watched that movie.
I wish I hadn't yelled at Tom.
I wish I hadn’t given Tom my grandfather’s violin.
I wish I hadn’t lied to him. I’ll never be able to look him in the face again.
I wish I hadn’t punched Tom in the nose.
I wish I hadn’t seen such a horrible film.
I wish I hadn’t spent so much money.
I wish I knew Tom's address.
I wish I knew Tom's telephone number.
I wish I knew about it sooner.
I wish I knew as much as you do.
I wish I knew as much as you think I know.
I wish I knew better.
I wish I knew for certain what it was.
I wish I knew her name.
I wish I knew his address.
I wish I knew how this worked.
I wish I knew how to answer that.
I wish I knew how to apologize in French.
I wish I knew how to do that.
I wish I knew how to drive a car.
I wish I knew how to fix this.
I wish I knew how to get the engine going.
I wish I knew how to get the motor running.
I wish I knew how to help you find clarity.
I wish I knew how to help you.
I wish I knew how to help.
I wish I knew how to play tennis.
I wish I knew how to play the trombone.
I wish I knew how to quit you.
I wish I knew how to speak French.
I wish I knew how to swim.
I wish I knew how to talk about this better.
I wish I knew it.
I wish I knew more about the geology of this area so I could tell what kind of cool rocks these are.
I wish I knew more than one language.
I wish I knew more.
I wish I knew the answer to this question.
I wish I knew the answer.
I wish I knew what I should say.
I wish I knew what I was looking for.
I wish I knew what Tom and Mary were doing.
I wish I knew what Tom was doing.
I wish I knew what Tom was thinking.
I wish I knew what happened to Tom.
I wish I knew what happened to all our family photos.
I wish I knew what happened.
I wish I knew what is wrong with my car.
I wish I knew what it is.
I wish I knew what it meant.
I wish I knew what it was.
I wish I knew what this was.
I wish I knew what to do next.
I wish I knew what to do.
I wish I knew what to say.
I wish I knew what to tell Tom.
I wish I knew what to tell her.
I wish I knew what to tell him.
I wish I knew what to tell them.
I wish I knew what was going on.
I wish I knew what was going to happen.
I wish I knew what you were talking about.
I wish I knew what you're looking for.
I wish I knew where I stood.
I wish I knew where Tom and Mary were.
I wish I knew where Tom lived.
I wish I knew where Tom was.
I wish I knew where he was!
I wish I knew where to go next.
I wish I knew where to go; I can’t hold it much longer!
I wish I knew where we could find other workers like Tom.
I wish I knew where we could find others like Tom.
I wish I knew who Tom and Mary were.
I wish I knew who Tom was.
I wish I knew who did this for us.
I wish I knew who did this to us.
I wish I knew who did this.
I wish I knew why Tom didn't come.
I wish I knew why Tom didn't do that.
I wish I knew why Tom didn't want to do that.
I wish I knew why Tom wasn't here.
I wish I knew why this keeps happening.
I wish I knew why.
I wish I knew.
I wish I lived alone.
I wish I lived in Algeria.
I wish I lived in Australia.
I wish I lived in Boston.
I wish I lived in Switzerland.
I wish I lived in a big city.
I wish I lived in a house like Tom's.
I wish I lived there too.
I wish I looked like Tom.
I wish I mattered.
I wish I moved to Kabylie when I was younger.
I wish I never had to do that again.
I wish I remembered how to do that.
I wish I sounded like a native French speaker.
I wish I spoke French.
I wish I spoke Spanish.
I wish I spoke more French.
I wish I told my parents immediately.
I wish I understood Chinese.
I wish I understood what was going on.
I wish I understood you more than I do now.
I wish I understood.
I wish I was Tom.
I wish I was a better French speaker.
I wish I was a better person.
I wish I was a bird.
I wish I was a genius.
I wish I was a police officer.
I wish I was able to speak 20 languages.
I wish I was able to tell the difference.
I wish I was always being sent abroad on business like he is.
I wish I was as hungry as you.
I wish I was better at French.
I wish I was better at cooking.
I wish I was better at playing the saxophone.
I wish I was born a normal kid.
I wish I was born in Paris.
I wish I was born more beautiful.
I wish I was by your side right now.
I wish I was dead.
I wish I was faster.
I wish I was full-blooded Scottish instead of just an eye dropper full. Then I could get my full indignation on.
I wish I was going to Boston with you.
I wish I was here to fish.
I wish I was hungry.
I wish I was in Boston.
I wish I was in Finland.
I wish I was in a Paris cafe right now.
I wish I was in a band.
I wish I was joking, but I'm not.
I wish I was kidding.
I wish I was like Tom.
I wish I was like him.
I wish I was like that.
I wish I was more intelligent.
I wish I was more patient.
I wish I was never born.
I wish I was on the red carpet.
I wish I was pretty.
I wish I was reading Tintin on a train to Belgium.
I wish I was rich.
I wish I was smart enough to invent something that sold well enough for me to get rich.
I wish I was somewhere else.
I wish I was taller.
I wish I was the only one.
I wish I was the same height as Tom.
I wish I was there now myself.
I wish I was there with you.
I wish I was there.
I wish I was with Tom.
I wish I was with you.
I wish I was wrong.
I wish I was young again.
I wish I was younger.
I wish I wasn't always so busy.
I wish I wasn't always so tired!
I wish I wasn't always so tired.
I wish I wasn't even born.
I wish I wasn't married.
I wish I wasn't on the same bus as Tom.
I wish I wasn't so stupid.
I wish I wasn't such an idiot.
I wish I went to the same school as Tom.
I wish I were Canadian.
I wish I were Tom.
I wish I were a Canadian.
I wish I were a baby again.
I wish I were a better French speaker.
I wish I were a better cook.
I wish I were a better person.
I wish I were a bird.
I wish I were a child again so I could play on a see-saw.
I wish I were a dragon.
I wish I were a flower so I could be in your garden.
I wish I were a good singer.
I wish I were a kid again so I could play on a teeter-totter.
I wish I were a kid again, so I could play on a see-saw.
I wish I were a little taller.
I wish I were a man.
I wish I were a millionaire.
I wish I were a police officer.
I wish I were a prince.
I wish I were a robot.
I wish I were a stone.
I wish I were a stronger person.
I wish I were a tiger.
I wish I were able to do that.
I wish I were able to visit Australia more often.
I wish I were able to visit Boston more often.
I wish I were an only child.
I wish I were an only child. That way, you wouldn't exist.
I wish I were as brave as Tom is.
I wish I were as brave as Tom.
I wish I were as fluent in French as you are.
I wish I were as fluent in French as you.
I wish I were as good an artist as Tom.
I wish I were as good at doing that as you are.
I wish I were as good driver as Tom is.
I wish I were as good driver as Tom.
I wish I were as good-looking as Tom.
I wish I were as handsome as Tom.
I wish I were as handsome as he.
I wish I were as ready as you seem to be.
I wish I were as rich as Tom and Mary are.
I wish I were as rich as Tom is.
I wish I were as rich as Tom.
I wish I were as rich as he.
I wish I were as rich as you.
I wish I were as smart a businessman as you.
I wish I were as smart as Tom.
I wish I were as smart as you are.
I wish I were as smart as you.
I wish I were as strong as you.
I wish I were as successful as Tom.
I wish I were as tall as Tom.
I wish I were as tall as you.
I wish I were as young as you.
I wish I were back in Australia.
I wish I were back in Boston.
I wish I were better at French.
I wish I were better at playing the saxophone.
I wish I were better at swimming.
I wish I were born in Algeria.
I wish I were by your side!
I wish I were by your side.
I wish I were clever.
I wish I were dead.
I wish I were different.
I wish I were famous.
I wish I were faster.
I wish I were fluent in French.
I wish I were fluent in all languages.
I wish I were going with you.
I wish I were in Algeria.
I wish I were in Australia now.
I wish I were in Australia right now.
I wish I were in Australia.
I wish I were in Boston now.
I wish I were in Boston right now.
I wish I were in Boston.
I wish I were in Paris now.
I wish I were in Paris.
I wish I were in the same school as Tom.
I wish I were joking.
I wish I were mistaken.
I wish I were more like Tom.
I wish I were more like her.
I wish I were more like him.
I wish I were more like my father.
I wish I were more like them.
I wish I were more like you.
I wish I were on the same team as Tom.
I wish I were rich enough to buy a car like that.
I wish I were rich enough to buy a yacht.
I wish I were rich.
I wish I were somebody else.
I wish I were somebody important.
I wish I were someone else.
I wish I were somewhere else.
I wish I were somewhere other than here.
I wish I were still living in Australia.
I wish I were still single.
I wish I were studying Klingon on Kronos.
I wish I were taller.
I wish I were that quick.
I wish I were that smart!
I wish I were that smart.
I wish I were there right now.
I wish I were there with you.
I wish I were there.
I wish I were thinner.
I wish I were this happy every day.
I wish I were what I was when I wished I were what I am.
I wish I were with Tom back in Australia.
I wish I were with Tom back in Boston.
I wish I were with Tom now.
I wish I were with Tom.
I wish I were with you now.
I wish I were with you.
I wish I were wrong.
I wish I were you.
I wish I were young again.
I wish I were young and could live up to the time when your people would turn you out.
I wish I were young.
I wish I were younger.
I wish I weren't Canadian.
I wish I weren't so old.
I wish I would become a doctor.
I wish I would have been more aware of what was going to happen.
I wish I would've been more aware of what was going to happen.
I wish I would've come up with that idea earlier.
I wish I wouldn't have to meet you again.
I wish I'd asked Tom to help me.
I wish I'd asked Tom to help.
I wish I'd asked Tom what to do.
I wish I'd asked Tom.
I wish I'd asked you.
I wish I'd been a better person.
I wish I'd been able to afford a better car.
I wish I'd been able to be there.
I wish I'd been able to buy a better car.
I wish I'd been able to buy another one of these.
I wish I'd been able to catch that bus.
I wish I'd been able to do more for you.
I wish I'd been able to do so.
I wish I'd been able to do that.
I wish I'd been able to help you.
I wish I'd been able to help.
I wish I'd been able to leave earlier.
I wish I'd been able to stay in Boston a little bit longer.
I wish I'd been able to stay in Boston a while longer.
I wish I'd been able to visit you when I was in Australia.
I wish I'd been able to visit you when I was in Boston.
I wish I'd been at the meeting last Monday.
I wish I'd been aware of that.
I wish I'd been born Canadian.
I wish I'd been born a Canadian.
I wish I'd been born a boy.
I wish I'd been born a cat.
I wish I'd been born a man.
I wish I'd been born in Australia.
I wish I'd been born into a rich family.
I wish I'd been courageous enough to do that.
I wish I'd been healthy enough to do that.
I wish I'd been here three hours ago.
I wish I'd been here to help Tom.
I wish I'd been here to help you.
I wish I'd been here to help.
I wish I'd been invited to the party.
I wish I'd been more aware of what was happening.
I wish I'd been more careful.
I wish I'd been more disciplined in my studies.
I wish I'd been old enough to do that.
I wish I'd been prepared to do that.
I wish I'd been rich enough to do that.
I wish I'd been smart enough to do that.
I wish I'd been strong enough to do that.
I wish I'd been there to help.
I wish I'd been there.
I wish I'd been tough enough to do that.
I wish I'd been wrong.
I wish I'd begun to learn Czech a few years earlier.
I wish I'd bought a different color shirt.
I wish I'd bought a size larger.
I wish I'd bought a white dress!
I wish I'd bought an umbrella.
I wish I'd bought flowers for Mary.
I wish I'd bought more food.
I wish I'd bought that bicycle.
I wish I'd bought this bag.
I wish I'd brought an umbrella with me today.
I wish I'd brought an umbrella with me.
I wish I'd brought an umbrella.
I wish I'd brought more food.
I wish I'd brought my bathing suit.
I wish I'd brought my camera.
I wish I'd brought my computer.
I wish I'd brought my raincoat.
I wish I'd brought my skis.
I wish I'd brought some snacks.
I wish I'd called Tom earlier.
I wish I'd called Tom yesterday.
I wish I'd called Tom.
I wish I'd called her.
I wish I'd called him.
I wish I'd called them.
I wish I'd called you earlier and explained this to you better.
I wish I'd called you earlier.
I wish I'd called you.
I wish I'd come a little earlier.
I wish I'd come to Australia.
I wish I'd done better on the test.
I wish I'd done better.
I wish I'd done that before 2:30.
I wish I'd done that differently.
I wish I'd done that earlier.
I wish I'd done that sooner.
I wish I'd done that the way Tom did it.
I wish I'd done that, too.
I wish I'd done that.
I wish I'd done the right thing.
I wish I'd done this earlier.
I wish I'd done what Mary said she wanted me to do.
I wish I'd done what Tom and Mary said they wanted me to do.
I wish I'd done what Tom did.
I wish I'd done what Tom said I needed to do.
I wish I'd done what Tom said I should do.
I wish I'd done what Tom said he wanted me to do.
I wish I'd done what Tom suggested I do.
I wish I'd done what Tom suggested.
I wish I'd done what Tom told me to do.
I wish I'd done what you said I needed to do.
I wish I'd done what you said I should do.
I wish I'd done what you said you wanted me to do.
I wish I'd done what you suggested I do.
I wish I'd double-checked before leaving.
I wish I'd eaten lunch before I came here.
I wish I'd eaten more for breakfast.
I wish I'd eaten more.
I wish I'd followed Tom's advice.
I wish I'd followed your advice.
I wish I'd found out about this sooner.
I wish I'd gone there.
I wish I'd gone to Australia with Tom.
I wish I'd gone to Australia with you.
I wish I'd gone to Australia.
I wish I'd gone to Boston with you.
I wish I'd gone to the concert with you.
I wish I'd gone to the theater last night.
I wish I'd gotten a chance to meet Tom.
I wish I'd gotten home before 2:30.
I wish I'd had enough time to do that.
I wish I'd had more time to do that.
I wish I'd had more time to prepare.
I wish I'd had more time to speak.
I wish I'd had more time to talk to Tom.
I wish I'd had more time to talk.
I wish I'd had more time with Tom.
I wish I'd had my camera with me.
I wish I'd had something to eat before the beer, because now I feel it sloshing around when I move.
I wish I'd had the chance to learn French.
I wish I'd heard about it sooner.
I wish I'd helped Tom at that time.
I wish I'd helped Tom at the time.
I wish I'd kept a complete list.
I wish I'd kept my mouth shut.
I wish I'd kept up my Chinese. I need it for my job.
I wish I'd kept up my French.
I wish I'd kissed Tom goodnight.
I wish I'd kissed Tom yesterday.
I wish I'd known I had to do that.
I wish I'd known I needed to do that.
I wish I'd known I was supposed to do that.
I wish I'd known Tom and Mary were going to be here.
I wish I'd known Tom and Mary weren't going to do that.
I wish I'd known Tom better.
I wish I'd known Tom could speak French.
I wish I'd known Tom was going to be here.
I wish I'd known Tom was going to be there.
I wish I'd known Tom wasn't going to do that.
I wish I'd known about that.
I wish I'd known about the party.
I wish I'd known how to do that.
I wish I'd known how to speak French.
I wish I'd known sooner.
I wish I'd known that Tom and Mary weren't allowed in here.
I wish I'd known that Tom and Mary weren't good swimmers.
I wish I'd known that Tom could speak French.
I wish I'd known that Tom couldn't speak French.
I wish I'd known that Tom wasn't a good swimmer.
I wish I'd known that Tom wasn't allowed in here.
I wish I'd known that was going to happen.
I wish I'd known that.
I wish I'd known what you were looking for.
I wish I'd known you had to do that.
I wish I'd known you knew how to speak French.
I wish I'd known you were coming.
I wish I'd known you were going to do that.
I wish I'd known you weren't going to do that.
I wish I'd known.
I wish I'd learnt this at school.
I wish I'd left before Tom did.
I wish I'd left before Tom.
I wish I'd left early.
I wish I'd left things the way they were.
I wish I'd listened to my father's advice.
I wish I'd listened to my mother's advice and become a lawyer.
I wish I'd listened to you.
I wish I'd looked at the map.
I wish I'd made better use of my time.
I wish I'd married Mary instead of you.
I wish I'd married Mary.
I wish I'd married Tom.
I wish I'd married another man.
I wish I'd married your brother.
I wish I'd met Tom when he was still single.
I wish I'd met Tom.
I wish I'd met her.
I wish I'd never asked Tom to do that.
I wish I'd never asked you that question.
I wish I'd never asked you to do that.
I wish I'd never been born.
I wish I'd never broken up with you.
I wish I'd never dated Tom.
I wish I'd never done that.
I wish I'd never given Tom any money.
I wish I'd never given Tom my phone number.
I wish I'd never gone to Australia.
I wish I'd never gone to Boston.
I wish I'd never got involved with you.
I wish I'd never gotten involved with you.
I wish I'd never had anything to do with it.
I wish I'd never kissed Tom.
I wish I'd never lent Tom my umbrella.
I wish I'd never lied to Tom about that.
I wish I'd never married Tom.
I wish I'd never met Tom.
I wish I'd never met you.
I wish I'd never said that.
I wish I'd never sold it.
I wish I'd never started smoking.
I wish I'd never stepped foot in this house!
I wish I'd never sung that song.
I wish I'd never told Mary that I loved her.
I wish I'd never told Tom I knew Mary.
I wish I'd never told Tom about what happened.
I wish I'd never told Tom that I knew Mary.
I wish I'd never told Tom that I loved him.
I wish I'd never told Tom that.
I wish I'd never visited Australia.
I wish I'd never visited Boston.
I wish I'd planted apple trees here when I first bought this property. If I had, we'd have apples now.
I wish I'd planted more lettuce this year.
I wish I'd punched Tom in the face.
I wish I'd read that book.
I wish I'd remembered to buy Mary flowers.
I wish I'd remembered to buy flowers for Mary.
I wish I'd remembered to do that.
I wish I'd remembered to send Tom a birthday card.
I wish I'd said that.
I wish I'd seen Tom doing that.
I wish I'd seen the movie.
I wish I'd shown Tom how to do that.
I wish I'd slept a little longer last night.
I wish I'd slept last night.
I wish I'd slept longer.
I wish I'd spent more money on the gift I gave to Tom.
I wish I'd spent more money on the present I bought for Tom.
I wish I'd spent more time training my dog when he was still a puppy.
I wish I'd stayed at home yesterday.
I wish I'd stayed in touch with Tom.
I wish I'd stayed.
I wish I'd studied French harder in high school.
I wish I'd studied French in high school.
I wish I'd studied French when I was younger.
I wish I'd studied French.
I wish I'd studied harder for the test.
I wish I'd studied harder when I was young.
I wish I'd studied harder.
I wish I'd studied more.
I wish I'd taken French in high school.
I wish I'd taken Tom's advice.
I wish I'd taken more pictures.
I wish I'd thought of it.
I wish I'd thought of that.
I wish I'd thought of this before.
I wish I'd thought of this.
I wish I'd told Tom about that earlier.
I wish I'd told Tom not to do that.
I wish I'd told Tom not to go.
I wish I'd told Tom not to leave.
I wish I'd told Tom that I loved him.
I wish I'd told Tom the truth.
I wish I'd told Tom what to do.
I wish I'd told her not to go.
I wish I'd treated Tom more kindly at that time.
I wish I'd visited Australia.
I wish I'd visited Tom last summer.
I wish I'd visited Tom.
I wish I'd waited.
I wish I'd worn short sleeves.
I wish I'd written that.
I wish I'd written to Tom earlier.
I wish I’d get back to my childhood again.
I wish I’d kept up my Chinese. I need it for my job.
I wish I’d learned that sooner.
I wish I’d studied harder when I was young.
I wish Jim would behave himself.
I wish Mary didn't already have a boyfriend.
I wish Mary had asked us to help her.
I wish Mary had done what we asked her to do.
I wish Mary had told me she was married.
I wish Mary had told me that she wasn't going to the party.
I wish Mary was here. She would know what to do.
I wish Mary would behave herself.
I wish Mary would eat what I give her without complaining.
I wish Mary would give me back the money she owes me.
I wish Mary would hurry up and do what she said she'd do.
I wish Mary wouldn't do that by herself anymore.
I wish Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
I wish Mary wouldn't go out after dark by herself.
I wish Mary's father would let me talk to her.
I wish Tatoeba had 10 trillion example sentences.
I wish Tom a full and speedy recovery.
I wish Tom a speedy recovery.
I wish Tom a very speedy recovery.
I wish Tom all the best for the future.
I wish Tom all the best.
I wish Tom and Mary had asked us to help them.
I wish Tom and Mary had done what we asked them to do.
I wish Tom and Mary had told me that they weren't going to the party.
I wish Tom and Mary had told me they were married.
I wish Tom and Mary were alive now.
I wish Tom and Mary were happy.
I wish Tom and Mary were here now.
I wish Tom and Mary were here to explain.
I wish Tom and Mary were here to help us.
I wish Tom and Mary were here with me now.
I wish Tom and Mary were here with me today.
I wish Tom and Mary were here with us now.
I wish Tom and Mary were here with us today.
I wish Tom and Mary were here with us.
I wish Tom and Mary were here, too.
I wish Tom and Mary were here.
I wish Tom and Mary were more like you.
I wish Tom and Mary were on our team.
I wish Tom and Mary were still alive.
I wish Tom and Mary were still here.
I wish Tom and Mary weren't mad at me.
I wish Tom and Mary would behave themselves.
I wish Tom and Mary would eat what I give them without complaining.
I wish Tom and Mary would give me back the money they owe me.
I wish Tom and Mary would hurry up and do what they said they'd do.
I wish Tom and Mary wouldn't do that by themselves anymore.
I wish Tom and Mary wouldn't do that by themselves.
I wish Tom and Mary wouldn't go out after dark by themselves.
I wish Tom and his family all the best.
I wish Tom could actually do that.
I wish Tom could be a little nicer.
I wish Tom could be here with us today.
I wish Tom could be here with us.
I wish Tom could dance better.
I wish Tom could do that better.
I wish Tom could go to Australia with me.
I wish Tom could go to Boston with me.
I wish Tom could have been there.
I wish Tom could have been with us today.
I wish Tom could have come to my concert.
I wish Tom could have come with me.
I wish Tom could have come, too.
I wish Tom could have come.
I wish Tom could have done that with us.
I wish Tom could have seen Mary win the race.
I wish Tom could see me now.
I wish Tom could see this.
I wish Tom could see us doing this.
I wish Tom could see what we've done.
I wish Tom could stay here all week.
I wish Tom could stay longer.
I wish Tom could've been here to see this.
I wish Tom could've been there.
I wish Tom could've been with us today.
I wish Tom could've come to my concert.
I wish Tom could've come with me.
I wish Tom could've come, too.
I wish Tom could've come.
I wish Tom could've done that with us.
I wish Tom could've seen Mary win the race.
